BDSM Library - The Tomgirl and the Butterfly




The Tomgirl and the Butterfly
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The most beautiful butterflies coloured in the widest array of bright colours start out life as dull, forlorn caterpillars.  They eek out a drab existence feeding from the bottoms of leaves, hiding away from the sun and staying out of the sight of predators.Chapter 1 &ndash; The Caterpillar and the Hunter   
The clouds had broken and the snow had eased for the first time in two weeks.
  Kids who had spent weeks cooped up in their apartments surfing cable and playing
  Nintendo were finally released from their urban prisons. Free to roam the neighbourhood
  again, to seek out their friends and stretch their legs.  
For Charlie the weeks had burdened her even further than for the locals.
  Her father had bought her here to the city on a business trip. While he left
  each morning to fulfil his busy work schedule, Charlie was left alone in an
  alien city with little more to do than watch mid day television on the hotel
  rooms aging TV set.  
He had promised her snow, a novelty in her home town, and the delights of
  a large vibrant city. All she had seen so far were repeats of MASH and Judge
  Judy and the grey sombre drifts of slush mounting up outside the lobby of the
  modest hotel her father and her were lodging in. Although he could afford far
  more upmarket lodgings Charlie's father was a firm believer in watching every
  penny, an approach that had amassed him a reasonable nest egg but left him
  a far stretch short of filthy rich.  
He had left again this morning for a meeting, but had brightly commented
  that the snow had eased and the weather girl was predicting a fine and sunny
  day. Charlie had looked in askance at his overly optimistic remarks, but had
  kissed him on the way out the door and contemplated on to spend her day.  
There was no way Charlie was staying in that little shoebox for another day
  to be tormented by mind numbing mid day television. Resolving to explore the
  neighbourhood and possibly find some other folk to play with, she ventured
  out into the city.  
Clad in her favourite sneakers, that had admittedly seen better days, her
  favourite jeans, baseball cap and an LA Lakers sweater. She made sure to let
  the sweaty overweight hotel manager know where she was going in case her father
  returned early. Despite his obvious problems with presentation and general
  hygiene the manager was nice enough to let her know the whereabouts of the
  local basketball courts.  
The pavements where still surrounded and heaped with greying snow, Charlie
  picked her way carefully and followed the manager's directions. Snow was supposed
  to be festive and soft. Not this grey depressing sludge that seemed to be slowly
  infiltrating her sneakers. Turning the corner she came to the basketball courts,
  the bequest of some inner city philanthropist, they sat in an older, but still
  relatively respectable, part of town. Someone had kindly taken a snow shovel
  to them and heaped the piles of sludge over the sidelines.  
For the first time in weeks Charlie felt excited &ndash; there were other
  girls and guys over there, just shooting hoops at the moment. But just like
  most congregations of teens, once a few more came along and a critical mass
  was formed, a full blown game would likely ensue.  
Charlie had always loved basketball, baseball and football (although her
  father drew the line at her playing football, when he found out at any rate).
  Charlie's mother had passed away giving birth to her parent's short-lived second
  child. Her father had never remarried as he still carried a torch for Charlie's
  mother and in his darkest moments admitted to Charlie that he could never love
  again&hellip; except for Charlie of course.  
Deprived of many female influences and doted on by her father, Charlie had
  reached the age of 16 without ever having played with a Barbie, experimented
  with makeup or even thought about "boys" as anything other than fellow competitors.
  Some of her female teachers at home had tried to fill the void by offering
  advice to her or her father. The two of them though were fiercely independent,
  and neither Charlie nor her father thought there was much of a problem in her
  boyish pursuits.  
Charlie scoped out the courts and spied out a boy around her own age shooting
  hoops at the far end of the court. Sporting a New York Knicks jersey he was
  slotting three pointers and working his way around the circle. Quietly impressed,
  Charlie's cheeky nature got the better of her. She darted in as he was bouncing
  the ball preparing for a shot, stole the ball in mid bounce, took four steps,
  and jumped up to put the ball expertly through the hoop.  
"Swish &ndash; nuthin' but net!"  
The taunt and the steal bought the boy out of his focussed reverie.  
"Not bad &ndash; for a girl&hellip;"  
"Yeah &ndash; 'wanna go one-on-one prissy-boy"  
"Sure, I'll put you on that cute little ass of yours in five seconds flat!"  
And in that way the challenge was issued. Kyle, she found out his name after
  he slammed the ball through the hoop with a sweet move, clearly had the height
  advantage being almost six foot. Charlie on the other hand, standing at just
  over five and a half feet, had to make up for his advantage with her speed
  and skill.  
Up and down the half court they ran, dodged, jumped and stepped, dancing
  the dance that is basketball. The ball wove in and out, rebounding off the
  board, swishing straight through the net innumerous times as Charlie and Kyle
  pitted their skills against each other. They had attracted a small crowd, watching
  on with envy as the two obviously accomplished amateurs strove to master their
  opposite.  
The game reached a crescendo when Charlie attempted a steal only to be thwarted
  by Kyle with a deft bump of his hip, Charlie lost her footing and felt herself
  falling backwards &ndash; at the last moment she grabbed a hold of Kyle's Knicks
  jersey and dragged him down with her&hellip;  
Breathlessly she hit the concrete, narrowly avoiding smacking the back of
  her skull on the hard surface. Kyle fell awkwardly on her chest &ndash; and
  for a moment, with his body pressing down on her she felt something. A brush
  of something more powerful, more seductive than anything else she had felt
  before. Here on this court with this boy &ndash; no man, she corrected herself &ndash; pushing
  onto her, holding her, pinning her down &ndash; she felt flutters in her stomach.
  She sought after the feeling, and then looked up at Kyle's face.  
It only lasted an instant &ndash; Kyle was back on his feet and offering
  a hand to Charlie &ndash; and the feeling fled. The onlookers must have thought
  her dazed as she accepted Kyle's hand and clambered to her feet.  
"Good match &ndash; I'd have you on my team any day &ndash; even if you are
  a girl."  
"Thanks, you too. But I think I'll sit it out a bit, I'm a bit winded after
  that." With that Charlie retreated to the gathered crowd, and someone kindly
  offered her their towel. She sat down on the bleachers, ostensibly to catch
  her breath &ndash; but privately to consider the feelings that had almost erupted
  inside her.  
What was that, she asked herself, it wasn't like the stupid girls at school
  talk about. No heart pounding and throat swelling up or any of that. It was
  something stronger, she had enjoyed being pinned there for that moment, to
  have his body controlling hers, to be forcing her down&hellip;  
She shied away from these awkward thoughts and resumed watching the new game.
  With her and Kyle's departure from the half court a full blown game had started
  between some of the kids. The critical mass had been reached and now the games
  would ebb and flow all day as people arrived and departed throughout the day.  
She played a couple more games after that, alternating between taking a break
  on the bleachers and playing ball.  
-----  
There's always one &ndash; the local podgy kid whose sense of humour and
  all round good nature prevents him from being ostrasised and beaten up by his
  peers. They're the one's who know all the new jokes, the ones who are the first
  to sneak their Father's copy of penthouse to school, the ones who always come
  up with something interesting to do, and they are the ones who usually have
  about as much hand-eye coordination as a new-born with a spoon full of baby
  food.  
This kid's name was Joey, and someone had made the shocking mistake of passing
  him the ball. Joey, true to his nature managed a shot that no-one could have
  replicated even if they'd tried it a hundred times. Somehow he managed to throw
  the basketball toward the hoop, which it missed, propelled by its power the
  ball bounced off the backboard, flew over the fence, took two bounces across
  the road and smashed through the window of one of the shops.  
"Oh shit Joey &ndash; You're fucking dead &ndash; that's Campbell's place.
  He'll have you're guts for garters mate, rip your head off and shit down your
  neck!" This was one of the more reprintable exclamations.  
The collected kids and teenagers promptly started jibing Joey into going
  and getting the ball. "You threw the thing &ndash; you go get it, you dick" The
  mob had formed and was gradually brow beating poor Joey into slinking across
  the road when Charlie spoke up.  
"I'll get it, he can't be that bad, and plus I'm a girl, he's bound to go
  easier on me than you guys." Charlies offer was met with many thanks from an
  exasperated Joey and a few winks of good luck from Kyle and the others.  
Charlie walked out of the court and towards the shop. It stood on the corner
  opposite the basketball courts. In classic turn of the century style the shop
  front wasn't squared off, but formed a gentle curve that stretched around the
  corner. "Thomspon and Campbell &ndash; expert tailors. est. 1845" the grim
  sign announced. The windows were filled with dark conservative suits and overcoats.
  Unlike most clothing stores, not a single promotional sign or price was visible,
  this was the sort of store where one didn't even ask about price.  
Joey's deft aim had landed the ball straight into the middle of one display.
  There it sat, partially covered by a toppled suit jacket that had fallen from
  behind and in front of a display of cuff links and tie pins.  
Charlie opened the old wooden door to the tingle of an old fashioned bell
  set to warn the proprietor of the store that a prospective customer had arrived.
  The stores interior matched its exterior perfectly. This was a shop out of
  an old movie Charlie thought, look at the classic light fittings, the polished
  wood, the neatly stacked shirts all arranged just so, the burnished bronze &ndash; all
  its missing is a balding old man with a set of pins in his mouth, a black vest,
  and a tape measure around his neck.  
"I guess you're here to claim your ball?" The voice emanated from the back
  of the shop &ndash; there indeed was a man, pins in mouth, black vest, tape
  measure around his neck &ndash; but he was young, no more than 30, Charlie
  guessed. He was in the process of fitting a gentleman in one of the stores
  trademark conservative suits.  
"Just wait there. I'll deal with you in a moment." He uttered as the tailor
  returned to his customer.  
Charlie looked over the current possessor of the basketball &ndash; dark
  brown hair, neatly cut, a lithe firm body unbent from years staring at stitching,
  he had immaculate dress sense (as one would expect from a tailor). He worked
  quickly and efficiently, inserting pins here, making folds in the jacket there,
  and finally he announced: "Thankyou Mr Simes, I'll have the alterations done
  by Tuesday, you can pick it up in the evening if that's convenient".  
"Thankyou Mr Campbell, I'll drop in after work. A pleasure again." Mr Simes
  began pulling on his own jacket as he continued "There's a reason why my family
  has been coming back to your fathers shop and now your shop for nie on a century,
  you do solid work. Thankyou again and I'll see you Tuesday". With that Mr Simes
  departed the store, leaving the tailor, Mr Campbell, to fix Charlie with a
  stern gaze.  
"So, you're the one responsible for breaking my window, are you? I hope you
  have the money to pay for its repair, or else I will have no option but to
  call the police." Charlie withstood the well weighted barrage from the stern
  tailor and responded.  
"I apologise if me and my friends broke your window. If I can use your phone
  I'll give my dad a ring. I'm sure he can fix you up for the window."  
"I think you will find that it is 'my friends and I"; and indeed I hope for
  your sake young Miss that he can" With that Mr Campbell resumed his work and
  left Charlie with the phone, standing in the midst of the bleak conservative
  store calling her father's cell phone number&hellip;  
Chapter 2 &ndash; In the Hunter's Den   
The ball had been returned, however Mr Campbell had required Charlie to stay
  in the store until her father arrived with his cheque book.  
Rarely did Charlie's father look poorly on her behaviour, and this incident
  was no exception. He reassured Charlie to stay put while he juggled his diary
  and caught a cab to Thompson and Cambells, meanwhile he spoke briefly with
  Mr Campbell to alleviate any concerns he had.  
In the meantime Mr Campbell had provided Charlie with a stout wooden chair
  to sit on. While he worked on some alterations he started a staccato conversation
  with the bedraggled Charlie interspersed with the hum of a sewing machine and
  a mouthful of pins.  
"So you're father said you are from out of town? Is that so?"  
"Yes, I came with him on this business trip, which sucks. I've been cooped
  up in our shitty hotel room for weeks and at the first chance I get to get
  out and about I end up stuck here instead of shooting some hoops."  
"That's quite a tongue you've got there girl &ndash; didn't your mother teach
  you better?"  
"What is this, twenty questions? And no &ndash; she didn't, she died."  
Charlie's curt rejoinder silenced Mr Campbell temporarily. "Would you like
  a soda? I have some in the kitchenette."  
Parched after several galloping games of basketball, and a bit cold after
  spending the morning running through pools of melted slush Charlie pushed her
  luck. "Actually I'll have some coffee if you've got it."  
"What?" Mr Campbell fixed her with that steely gaze he had used on her earlier.  
"Some coffee &ndash; I'll have it if you've got it."  
"No its: I'll have some coffee please  . Please is the
  key word here young lady"  
"Please then, can I have some coffee."  
"Of course, how would you like it."  
"White with two&hellip; please"  
"That's better." Mr Campbell put down his alterations and moved into the
  back.  
Again Charlie was hit by the staidness of the store. Everything had its place,
  everything was perfectly arranged, from the plain yet elegant business cards
  on the front counter to the immaculately white business shirts arranged in
  their wooden pigeon holes along the wall. It screamed perfection, with a touch
  of obsessive-compulsive&hellip;  
Mr Campbell returned with two cups of coffee. "I'm sorry, for mentioning
  your mother &ndash; I wasn't aware" Mr Campbell apologised as he offered the
  steaming cup of coffee to the young girl.  
"That's alright." Charlie accepted the cup gratefully.  
"So is your name really Charlie?" Mr Campbell renewed his questioning.  
"No its not, but everyone just calls me Charlie"  
"Well, what is your actual name, the name your parent's gave you?"  
"If you must know Mr busy body its Charlotte, but I've always preferred Charlie."  
"Clearly." Mr Campbell accentuated his response by taking a sip on his coffee.  
"What's that supposed to mean then?"  
"Nothing. Except here you are, an obviously pretty little girl, and you choose
  to dress like that? Sneakers and jeans indeed, and what is that abomination?
  You could house three Italian matrons in that sweatshirt."  
Charlie looked down at her feet, she wore this because it was comfortable,
  because she could play ball in it, because it was WHO SHE WAS. She promptly
  told Mr Campbell so, in not so many words.  
"And a mouth like a sewer as well I see." He responded to her comments.  
Luckily before Charlie could lose her temper further at this pompous git,
  this opinioned twat &ndash; her father arrived.  
The bell tinkled and Charlie's father strode in, looking harried as he often
  did during a work day, but determined. He glanced at Charlie and was in the
  process of reaching for his bill fold when he stopped dead in the middle of
  the store.  
"My God &ndash; Frank &ndash; is that you? Frank Campbell? Jesus, it's been
  years, I haven't seen you since you left the firm after college."  
Mr Campbell, apparently Frank to Charlie's father, embraced Charlie's dad
  passionately. Two old friends reunited, and now completely oblivious to both
  Charlie and the broken window whose fate had so ironically forever entwined
  Charlie's fate to Mr Campbell&hellip;  
Chapter 3 &ndash; The Caterpillar's Loss    
It turned out that Mr Campbell and Charlie's father had been best of friends
  while "Frank" had been working his way through college. Although her father
  wouldn't say it seemed as though they had been riven apart by some cataclysmic
  event in their distant past. Now, reunited they decided to make up for lost
  time.  
Charlie's father broke with his normal behaviour and took the three of them
  to dinner in a tragically expensive restaurant up town. Charlie had dressed
  in her best slacks and businesslike blouse &ndash; she didn't even own anything
  remotely resembling a skirt. Her sole consolation to the outing was to leave
  her dark brown shoulder length hair out, instead of in its regulation pony
  tail.  
She had showered and shaved her body. Since puberty Charlie had religiously
  shaved her vagina, in rebellion against the changes taking place. She wasn't
  going to fill a stereotype just because her body told her to, no by shaving
  away her pubic hair she was making the statement that she liked herself the
  way she was. Her ability to match it with the boys on the courts wasn't going
  to become beholden to some hormone.  
Frank was already waiting at the table as Charlie and her father were shown
  to the table by the Matre De. As before he was immaculately dressed, however
  he had now donned a dark jacket over his trademark vest. He stood as the two
  approached. Frank and Charlie's father hugged again and on turning away Frank
  Campbell took Charlies hand, she attempted to shake it, however Frank was in
  too fast and deftly kissed Charlies hand.  
"A pleasure Charlotte &ndash; I see you've rid youself of those awful clothes
  and adopted something slightly less outlandish."  
"It's Charlie thankyou Mr Campbell. No-one calls me Charlotte."  
"Why ever not, it's such a delightful name." And then to her Father "I took
  the liberty of ordering drinks ahead for you, I assume you still enjoy a Miller
  before dinner?  
"Certainly, and you a Corona?"  
"Some things never change." Mr Campbell noted as the waiter approached with
  two beers and an orange juice.  
The waiter placed the beers before the men and the juice in front of Charlie.  
The two friends picked up where they had left off years ago. Frank, Mr Campbell
  as far as Charlie was concerned, explained how on finishing college he had
  returned to his father's business. Having being brought up around the trade
  and having further learnt the particular intricacies on his return he had taken
  over his father's store on his retirement.  
He alluded to his success in the futures markets and suggested that although
  he continued to work as a tailor he had no need to. It was in fact his love
  for the trade that saw his continued involvement with tailoring.  
Charlies father returned the favour, describing how he had risen through
  middle management to a partnership in his firm. He briefly mentioned Charlie's
  mother, and Charlie noticed Mr Campbell's increased interest at the mention
  of her name.  
"So I have a nice home back home, Charlie and I look after each other. Ever
  thought of returning to the business Frank? You were one of the best."  
"Never, it got me through college, I've made myself enough money to get by.
  I devote myself to&hellip; other pursuits these days. They are most fulfilling." Frank
  responded.  
"Another drink Charlotte?" Mr Campbell enquired, noticing that Charlie was
  nursing her orange juice and looking vacantly out the window.  
"It's Charlie, and no."  
The dinner progressed through the night with Charlie largely tuning out of
  the conversation. Just prior to its completion Frank and Charlie's father agreed
  to keep in contact.  
----  
Months passed, school recommenced and Charlie's father was called on to go
  on further business trips to the city. Charlie thought back on her trip with
  mixed feelings. The City had been dull, until the snowfall had lessened. She
  had found Mr Campbell annoyingly moral and annoying, contrarily she thought
  back to the incident on the basketball court with a mixture of fondness and
  distress.  
She was fixing herself some microwave popcorn and was preparing to return
  to her beanbag in front of the television, the LA Lakers match was due to start
  and she planned on a long evening in front of the tube. Her dad was also due
  home tonight after a trip to the city, he'd promised her tickets to the next
  home match and she was already picturing just how close to the players benches
  their seats were. Just as the commentators started the run down over tonight's
  squad, the phone rang.  
Her world turned upside down after she answered that call. A police officer
  had phoned, informing her to get to the hospital as soon as possible. Her father
  had been in a traffic accident, they told her he was stable, but in the next
  breath offered her a lift if she was unable to drive or catch a cab.  
She hung up the phone and waited for the police officer to arrive to take
  her to the hospital.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Trapped in the Aquarium   
She'd been picked up from the airport by a chauffeur driven Jaguar. Her suitcase
  containing all her clothes and personal items had been safely stowed in the
  boot by the driver.  
She had spent four weeks sitting a bedside vigil with her father, but he
  had not regained consciousness. The doctors told her that he was in a coma,
  his vital signs were strong and that he could wake up at any time, or then
  again not for years.  
As the weeks swept by the doctors began to worry about Charlie. She couldn't
  very well just sit there for ever. She was missing school, and most importantly
  there were no relatives to look after her. She had been using her dad's supply
  of emergency cash from his safe to ferry her to and from the hospital and buy
  food. But the money was running out.  
Finally one kind and matronly nurse took it upon herself to call Charlie's
  father's lawyer. The lawyer did in fact have copies of all of her father's
  legal documents and Charlie's custody was temporarily given over to him while
  arrangements were made.  
Charlie's father had, like many people, arranged to have an enduring power
  of attorney in place in cause of a prolonged illness or loss of mental faculty.
  In these circumstances, with him in a deep coma, the power of attorney came
  into effect. The lawyer phoned the person named in the power of attorney to
  advise them of their obligations and responsibilities to the estate while Charlie's
  father was incapacitated. That person was none other than Frank Campbell.  
Mr Campbell had arranged for Charlie to fly by to his home, at first Charlie
  was reticent, wanting to stay with her father. However Mr Campbell kindly pointed
  out the folly of such an act. He made the point that she was technically truant
  at present, unable to fend for herself in the family home and that the only
  option was to come and live with him until her father recovered.  
So Charlie had packed her favourite clothes and sports equipment into a suitcase
  and caught a Delta flight back to the city.  
The Jaguar pulled up in front of a ritzy looking apartment block. The concierge
  opened her door and the chauffeur lifted the suitcase out of the trunk. Charlie
  was shown to the elevator, a swipe card flashed over the security scanner and
  the button for the penthouse was pushed.  
Charlie walked out of the lift into an expansive marble foyer. A skylight
  above shed natural light into the room and a waterfall in one corner provided
  a soothing mood to the entrance.  
The driver followed her out of the lift as a Maid walked into the foyer.
  Dressed in a classically formal English maids outfit she directed the driver
  to pop the bags in "The Prepared Room". She kindly took Charlie's hand, "I'm
  sure after such a long flight you'll be happy for a shower. The master will
  be home soon and I'm sure he'd be delighted to show you around the apartment
  before dinner."  
Charlie and the Maid walked down a hallway passing a number of closed doors,
  the architecture here was a blend of the classic and modern eras. Again, as
  with the store, everything was perfectly clean, not a thing out of place. The
  Maid opened a door revealing a bathroom.  
"Just leave your clothes here. There's a towel on the rack in the corner
  and we'll pop your suitcase in your bedroom while you are showering. Speaking
  of which, your bedroom is just through that door there."  
The Maid pulled the door too and Charlie stripped off her clothes, she thought
  of waiting for her toiletries bag, but noticed that the shower recess contained
  everything she needed, shampoo, soap and a razor.  
Freshly showered and towelled off Charlie ventured through the interconnecting
  door into her new bedroom.  
The door opened to the most hideous creation Charlie had ever witnessed.
  The walls were alternately a brazen pink and wallpaper patterned with tiny
  teddy-bears. The sole window was patterned with lead lighting outlining a central
  floral theme. The carpet, a tasteful beige that contrasted the pink walls while
  a rug inlaid with tiny teddy bears dominated the centre of the room.  
In one corner stood a white desk topped with shelves, within the shelves
  were soft toys and books with titles such as "The Adventures of Isabelle" and "The
  Island of Blue Dolphins". An antique white chair was pushed neatly into the
  desk. Next to the desk stood a white duchess, with a large white framed mirror
  sitting on the wall behind it. Another set of virginal white drawers lent against
  the opposite wall next to the wardrobe. A tasteful pot-plant sat atop it.  
But perhaps most alarmingly of all was the bed. In front of the sole window
  stood a single bed, with a white bed head and set off with a frilly white valance.
  Upon it was a blue coverlet, again motiffed with little teddy bears, and bunny
  rabbits. Next to the bed sat a white bedside table, upon which a bunny rabbit
  patterned night light sat.  
But what concerned Charlie most of all, was what the room was missing &ndash; her
  suitcase.  
She tried to open the one built-in cupboard in the room, only to find it
  locked. In an ever increasing frenzy she tried to open the drawers in the duchess,
  the bedside table and all the other drawers in the room only to find them locked
  as well.  
Returning to the bathroom she noticed the clothes she had worn on the plane
  had disappeared. She went to open the door that she had initially entered the
  bathroom from. It too was locked.  
Now in a complete panic she raced back into the hideous little girl's bedroom
  only to notice something that should have stood out immediately. Besides the
  interconnecting door from the bathroom there was no other door out of the room.  
Distraught, nigh on tears and in a panic, Charlie sat on the edge of the
  bed to try to get a grasp on her situation. Here she was, thousands of miles
  from home, without her suitcase, half naked and locked in a girlish nightmare
  full of teddy bears, rabbits and frills.  
"Charlotte &ndash; can you hear me?" Mr Campbell's voice echoed from the
  roof. Charlie looked up, astonished to see a tiny set of speakers and what
  she guessed to be a camera on the ceiling.  
"WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH ME! LET ME OUT!"  
"Charlotte, now calm down."  
"WHAT DO YOU WANT YOU BASTARD!"  
"Charlotte&hellip; If you can't be reasonable I shall have to take corrective
  action."  
"LET ME OUT OF HERE! AND MY NAME IS CHARLIE YOU PRICK!"  
"I will return after you have had time to think through your situation." The
  voice disappeared leaving Charlie sitting on the bed in only her thin damp
  towel.  
Perceiving that somehow Mr Campbell had engineered her imprisonment Charlie
  began to look closer around her room. Fruitlessly she tried to move furniture,
  but to no avail as everything was securely bolted to the walls or floor. No
  other doors except the bathroom door, and that one was locked. She threw her
  shoulder into it a few times only to learn that the door was heavily reinforced,
  probably bolted top and bottom and unable to budge an inch.  
It was then that she started to notice the temperature dropping.  
"LET ME OUT YOU BASTARDS!"  
She ran back to the bedroom and looking at the window with the floral lead
  lining she hurled the copy of "The Adventures of Isabella" from the desk at
  the window. It harmlessly bumped off and fell on the bed. She tried punching
  the window to find that whatever it was made of wasn't going to break.  
The temperature was now decidedly frosty and Charlie's teeth began chattering.
  Looking despairingly at the bed covered in a pattern of teddy bears and bunny
  rabbits, Charlie decided that her pride would have to suffer for the sake of
  warmth.  
She dropped the damp and now freezing towel, and crept under the covers.
  Still the cold hit her in waves &ndash; it didn't get this cold in industrial
  refrigerators, what the hell was going on.  
"Charlotte." Not a question, a statement. The voice of Mr Campbell returned.  
"W w w what d do you w w w want?" A freezing Charlie responded.  
"Are you cold enough yet? It can get a lot colder. I don't want to have to
  do that now, do I?"  
"N n n n n n n no?"  
"If you are prepared to be reasonable then I will turn the thermostat back
  up. Are you going to be reasonable?"  
Charlie's thoughts turned over, she'd never been this cold before, it was
  terrible, every bone in her body ached when she moved, her teeth have gone
  beyond chattering and her whole body had been shivering for several minutes.
  It must have been easily below zero degrees. Soon, she knew, she would stop
  shivering entirely and her bodies defences would start absorbing muscle and
  body tissue to generate energy to keep her warm. She had no choice.  
"Y y y y yes."  
"Now that's better. I'm going to turn the thermostat back up now Charlotte,
  and I'm going to have a little talk with you. If you start shouting and screaming,
  or you fail to do what I tell you then the thermostat will be turned back down.
  Am I understood?"  
"Y y y y y y y y y y yessss."  
Chapter 5 &ndash; The caterpillar enters its chrysalis.   
"Good. Now you are probably wondering what is going on. You see Charlotte
  I am very disappointed in your father. Not you, it's not your fault that your
  father has neglected you. Now that he's sick I'm going to look after you in
  the manner that you deserve."  
The temperature was rising slowly as Mr Campbell's voice continued.  
"You're such a pretty little girl Charlotte, and to waste yourself by running
  around in jeans and sneakers when you should be enjoying finer pursuits is
  such a waste. So I have bought you here to educate you. From this day on I
  will start you on an intensive course of study. You will learn proper elocution,
  language and pronunciation. I will hire the very best tutors to bring your
  lack lustre education up to an appropriate standard. You will learn how to
  walk, talk and dress like a lady instead of a common street urchin.  
"But we have to start at the beginning. Your father let you slide into inappropriate
  ways after your mother died, so we will have to start at the very beginning.  
"The room you are in is your bedroom, it will remain as it is until I see
  fit. It contains everything a proper little girl's bedroom should contain.
  There are no baseballs or soccer hoops&hellip;  
"basketball hoops&hellip;" Charlie interrupted.  
"Basketball hoops, thankyou for correcting me, but until you have learnt
  otherwise I will require you not to interrupt. If you do so you will incur&hellip; repercussions." Mr
  Campbell's voice intonated the last word as if the concept intrigued him.  
"That said, your education will commence tomorrow. For now you must get dressed
  for dinner, I will explain the rules of the house to you over dinner. You will
  find that the cupboard in the wall will now be unlocked, within there you will
  be given a series of clothes to put on. Now I believe the temperature has resumed
  something like normal, you may attend to the cupboard. I will keep an eye on
  you to make sure you behave."  
Charlie, now aware that Mr Campbell's eyes were on her over the camera, picked
  up the discarded towel from the floor and covered herself in it before venturing
  toward the cupboard.  
Opening the door revealed a comb, a hairbrush and four hair elastics.  
"Now Charlotte, I want you to put your hair up in pigtails. Make sure you
  plait them, it is uncouth and unhygienic to have your hair flying around everywhere
  at dinner."  
"Pigtails, you've got to be kidding mister!"  
"Charlotte &ndash; do I have to warn you again?"  
"No&hellip;" It's only my hair she thought.  
Charlotte sat on the edge of the bed and began brushing her hair; like riding
  a bike, one never forgets how to plait. She had of course plaited her hair
  before, and that of her few girl-friends in school. Moving in front of the
  mirror on the duchess she brought her hair up into two pigtails and plaited
  them. Fixing the hair ties in place she looked scathingly toward the camera.  
"Now you'll find some more items in the cupboard, attend to them"  
Indeed there were, apparently there was some sort of secret door that must
  open from the other side and someone must be placing the items through &ndash; I
  wonder if it's big enough to escape through she wondered to herself, a light
  of hope in a bleak evening.  
The cupboard now contained four pink satin ribbons.  
"Tie the ribbons in your hair Charlotte, like a good little girl."  
The ribbons now were tied in her hair and for good measure she ensured she
  made the bows nice and large.  
"Very good Charlotte, you may learn yet."  
Back to the cupboard again, this time she saw the slot at the back of the
  cupboard open and she was disheartened. No more than 6 inches high and 18 wide
  she could never fit through the slot. But through the slot came two boxes and
  a ball of spotlessly white socks wrapped up in a ball.  
Opening the first box revealed a pair of light pink, full sized, satin panties.
  Below the waist band and wrapping around the panties were shocking quantities
  of frilly lace finished off with a tiny teddy bear in the centre.  
"You have to be kidding me!"  
"I can start to turn the temperature down again if you like. At that stage,
  I'm sure you'll be greatful for any warmth, including those new panties."  
"Fine! I put on your bloody pants then"  
"Now Charlotte watch that mouth of yours&hellip;" He let the threat hang
  in the air.  
Charlie stepped into the satiny panties and pulled them up to her waist.
  They fit well, elastic around the legs and waist made sure they fit snugly.
  Despite the fit she found herself thinking that the lace was revolting, no
  one wore this stuff &ndash; not ever!  
The next box revealed a pair of patent black mary jane shoes, polished to
  perfection, Charlie saw her own pigtailed reflection on the surface of them. "So &ndash; socks
  first" Charlotte thought. She unwrapped the ball to find that no detail had
  been left out. Around the hem of each sock had been gathered and stiched two
  lengths of delicate pink lace.  
"Look &ndash; this is ridiculous, if you want to play dress up then find
  someone&hellip;"  
She was interrupted by the raised voice of Mr Campbell &ndash; "PUT THE SOCKS
  ON OR ELSE CHARLOTTE!"  
Shocked by the violence in his voice, Charlie sat down on the bed and pulled
  the socks on, followed by the startlingly shiny mary janes which she hurriedly
  buckled.  
'I must look like a right royal goose in all this fluff' she thought to herself,
  still frightened by the tone of voice that had recently emanated from the ceiling.  
"Now the last box Charlotte". He had calmed down apparently, and Charlie
  noticed that in the cupboard sat a new box, the largest box so far. She picked
  it up and carried it to the bed.  
"No FUCKING WAY!" She shouted on opening the box.  
"There is no way I'm wearing that, that, that&hellip; MONSTROSITY" She turned
  to the camera and pointed at the box on the bed.  
"Have it your way Charlotte. I'm sure you'll change your mind in a few minutes."  
The speaker cut off again, and almost immediately Charlie felt the temperature
  begin to drop.  
"No-way, uh-uh, I am not putting that hideous creation on, I don't care how
  cold it gets, he can go and screw himself&hellip;" she muttered under her breath.  
The temperature drove Charlie back into the bed. She did make a show though
  of throwing the box onto the floor.  
Already cold from her previous experience Charlie began to shiver almost
  immediately, the temperature dropped further and further. She wrapped herself
  in the thin coverlet and curled up in a ball &ndash; it continued to get colder
  yet.  
"ALRIGHT GOD DAMN YOU! TURN IT BACK UP&hellip; I'll put on your bloody dress,
  just turn the temperature back up&hellip;" The speaker remained silent.  
"Please?" Charlie muttered.  
"That's better."  
The temperature started rising again as Charlie fetched the box from the
  floor where she had thrown it.  
She lifted out the dress, "Oh God - Its Awful!". In light pink striped satin
  it had a high neck finished in a modest ruffle. The chest, centrered with a
  tiny ribbon bow and a decorative flower, was vertically framed with darker
  pink ruffles. White puff sleeves bulged out finished with lace.  
The waist was surrounded by a dark pink sash that came to a large bow at
  the back of the dress. The remaining lightly striped pink skirt fell to her
  knees to be finished again with lace. Four satin and lace underskirts filled
  out the skirt to leave a warmer, and much more embarrassed Charlotte considering
  herself in the mirror as she tied the enormous hideous bow at the back of the
  waist.  
She looked at herself thinking that she looked like a five year old on her
  way to a party. From the lacey socks and mary janes, to the pink dress covered
  in ruffles and lace to the be-ribboned pigtails in her hair.  
What made it even worse for Charlie, was that she knew under the dress her
  naked vagina was covered in lacey satin panties fit for a little girl, complete
  with a teddy bear on the front.  
Chapter 6 &ndash; Boundaries in the Aquarium.    
"This way Miss Charlotte" The maid had returned through the bathroom door. "The
  Master is waiting for you at dinner, its best not to keep him waiting."  
Charlie stood up from the end of the bed and slowly made her way toward the
  maid. Her satin and lace underskirt rustled as she walked and the ruffled collar
  chaffed her neck. On reaching the door Charlie quickly scoped the passageway
  seeking an escape from the bizarre hellhole, only to receive a poke in the
  back from the maid.  
"Now Miss Charlotte, you don't want to be doing anything silly, I've got
  a Tazer stuck in the small of your back. I wouldn't want to have to use it
  and then clean your vomit up off of that lovely new dress you're wearing"  
"Um, no, not at all." Shut down, Charlie let the maid point her down the
  hallway. The maid always remained a couple of steps behind her, presumably
  Tazer in hand. The hallway opened out into a wide dining area. Two of the walls
  were glazed glass from floor to ceiling providing an unparalleled vista of
  the city at night. The lights sparkled to the horizon; under any other circumstances
  the view would have been breathtaking.  
Again, the d&eacute;cor was neo-classical, the dining table made of a wrought
  iron frame and a glass tabletop. The cutlery and silverware all polished to
  perfection. A modest yet tasteful chandelier hung over the table to provide
  a soft lighting for the room. Large Grecian urns filled with freshly cut flowers
  sat in two corners of the room.  
Sitting at the table was Mr Campbell, dressed in one of his traditional conservative
  suits, looking as relaxed and yet focussed as always seemed to be. He stood
  as Charlie entered the room, a dazzling array of swishing satin, lace and ribbons.  
"Now &ndash; isn't that much better. You look like the perfect little girl
  that you should be. I must say, I'm happy with how the dress turned out, it
  is one of my favourite pieces."  
Charlie stood before Mr Campbell a mixture of conflicting emotions. Furious
  on one hand that this eccentric tailor had imprisoned her, yet deeply embarrassed
  by the frilly beribboned outfit he had goaded her into wearing. Everything
  from the patent Mary Janes shoes to the ribbons in her hair made her feel like
  a complete idiot.  
"Yes, I like that a lot." Mr Campbell admired his handiwork. "Now my dear
  won't you join me for dinner?" He waved toward the table and the two chairs
  at the table. One, his chair sat at the head of the table looking out through
  one of the glass walls, the other, immediately adjacent to his, sat facing
  the other glass wall. Charlie noticed however that the chair being offered
  to her was lower than his.  
A child's chair; 'Okay, this guy is certifiable.' She thought.  
She took his hand and took a seat in the small chair. When she sat up straight
  the table top came just to her middle of her chest, meaning that when using
  cutlery she would have to awkwardly raise her arms up and over the edge.  
The Maid stood in the corner near the hallway exit, undoubtedly Tazer still
  handy, denying Charlie the only open exit from the room.  
"A drink Charlotte?" Mr Campbell asked politely.  
"Yes, I would like a Miller please," thinking that she might play some mind
  games with the jerk by requesting her father's favourite pre-meal drink.  
"No &ndash; I don't think that will be suitable. Obviously if you are going
  to behave like a child then you will be treated like one. Bosker?" He indicated
  to the Butler who had just appeared. "A glass of apple juice for our little
  Charlotte."  
"What do you want with me?" Charlie asked icily.  
"It's not what I want from you, it's what I'm going to do for you Charlotte." Mr
  Campbell calmly stated as a matter of fact.  
"Don't play games with me mister. You've tricked me here to your little playground
  and I don't want to have anything to do with it. I want to go home, I want
  to go home now!" Charlie summoned her most forceful voice at this point and
  drove her fist onto the table to emphasise the point. In hindsight she thought
  that she must have looked comical to Mr Campbell, in her diminutive seat banging
  her fist onto the table trying to look forceful while dressed up like a child
  attending her first birthday party.  
"Have you finished my little petulant one?" He asked with a wry grin on his
  face.  
"No &ndash; I haven't, if you don't let me go I will escape and tell the
  police, you'll be in jail playing drop-the-soap, getting ass fucked by a three
  hundred pound gorilla. What do you think of that dick-wad?"  
"My my, such a sharp tongue." Mr Campbell maintained his wry grin as he calmly
  continued: "First of all there is no escape from this apartment, I'm not going
  to fill your pretty little head with boring details about alarms or locks or
  sound proofing. All you need to know my little princess is that for your own
  protection everything you do and everywhere you go is entirely at my whim.  
"Indeed let me dissuade you of any impropriety on my behalf. You are legally
  my ward until your father recovers, or even should he sadly pass away, you
  will remain my ward. I have a legal responsibility to protect you, feed you,
  clothe you and provide for your education. I am doing so. The fact that you
  are unhappy with me discharging my duties is neither here nor there, the simple
  fact of the matter is that I am fulfilling my legal responsibility under the
  law. Should I fail to do so, I could legitimately be charged with neglect.  
"What is it exactly that you have taken issue with so far Charlotte? The
  fact that I have provided you with clothing more suitable to the cultural imperatives
  and climate of your new home? The fact that I am trying desperately hard to
  ease you through this difficult transition by keeping you from running off
  into the alleys and side-streets and possibly being raped or mugged by some
  thug?  
"I have done no differently than any other parent would do so in the same
  situation. Would a parent let their six year old just walk out into the street
  to play?" Mr Campbell's reasoned appeal was tersely interrupted by an increasingly
  frustrated Charlie.  
"I'm not six! I'm sixteen goddam years old! I've been looking after myself
  for ever!"  
"And look at the result." Mr Campbell skilfully broke her building momentum. "At
  sixteen, you have few redeeming qualities, except for the beauty that your
  parents and God provided you, beauty that you so churlishly disregard. Your
  behaviour is the epitome of crudity, you dress like a Harlem gang-banger, your
  language would force a hardened navy man to blush, and from what I've gathered,
  your formal education is entirely deficient. It's time for your legal guardian
  to face up to these problems and address them, unlike your unfortunate father
  who spoilt you so dreadfully."  
"That's Crap! I won't hear anymore of this, I want to go home, NOW!"  
"You aren't going anywhere. Even if you did get out of this apartment, where
  would you go? The police will immediately return you here as you are legally
  my ward. Your own home is thousands of miles away. You have no money and no
  way of legally making any. You are for all intents and purposes here for the
  duration. You may as well get used to the fact."  
"NEVER!" Having finally lost her temper Charlie stood to her feet and flung
  her glass of apple juice at Mr Campbell. The liquid splashed over his jacket.
  Mr Campbell barely flinched, rather he made a gesture toward the butler. A
  split second later Bosker had ambushed Charlie from behind and pushed her over
  the edge of the table. He forcefully held her down over the table by her shoulders
  as Mr Campbell rose slowly to his feet and wiped the apple juice away with
  a napkin.  
"GET OFF ME! HELP! HELP! HELP! GET THEM OFF ME!" Charlie squealed as she
  tried to thrash her legs about beneath Bosker's firm grip.  
"Now Charlotte that was entirely uncalled for. I am sorry for what I have
  to do now, but as with any other misbehaving child you need to be disciplined.
  If reasoning won't work then perhaps a little corporal punishment might communicate
  to you the error of your ways." Mr Campbell gently placed the napkin down and
  moved to behind Charlie. While Bosker held her pinned to the table by her shoulders
  Mr Campbell lifted her voluminous skirts to reveal the lacey satin panties
  beneath.  
As he forcefully bought his open hand down upon her satin clad buttocks he
  continued to speak. "Let me explain the rules of this house to you."  
SMACK! Charlie choked back a squeal.  
"While you are living under this roof you will do as you are instructed,
  whether by myself, Bosker, Madeline or any of the tutors whom I have retained
  for your benefit." SMACK!  
"You will not speak out of turn, you will not curse. I will not tolerate
  a bad attitude of any sort, it is not becoming of a young lady." SMACK! This
  blow bought an audible whimper from Charlie.  
"I expect you to be prompt for your lessons and any other appointments that
  are arranged for you." SMACK! The sharp searing pain inflicted by Mr Campbell's
  firm hand sped through her bottom as she uttered another whimper.  
"You will deport yourself as a lady in this house, I will not tolerate any
  uncouth behaviour not becoming of your noble sex." SMACK! This time the whimper
  rose to a mewling sound.  
"I will not tolerate misbehaviour, refusal to follow a direction or poor
  performance with your lessons" SMACK! Charlie was trying hard not to let the
  pain show. Worse however was the humiliation. Bent over the table in front
  of the Butler and the Maid, dressed in the most hideously girly outfit imaginable
  and being spanked by this monster was almost more than she could bear.  
"Now pay attention for a moment Charlotte, this is important, look at me." Bosker
  eased his grip slightly to allow Charlie to turn her head and look across the
  tabletop at Mr Campbell. In his free hand he held a small PDA, the screen displayed
  a calendar. "This is the merit board. You may have had something similar in
  your classroom in kindergarten. If you behave you may earn gold stars. Gold
  stars may be redeemed for increased privileges and presents. You might enjoy
  a trip to the zoo or some new toys or clothes to call your own. I am not an
  unfair man; I reward effort and good behaviour.  
"However, if you break any of the rules I have just outlined&hellip;" SMACK!
  The extended reprieve from the spanking had allowed the warmth and pain to
  spread through her bottom and set it tingling. This new blow landed on the
  already bruised flesh and hurt more than all the others combined so far.  
Charlie cried out in pain, embarrassment and distress. Mr Campbell continued: "then
  you will receive a black spot. Black Spots are met with proportionate punishment." To
  highlight the word punishment Mr Campbell's hand descended brutally once again
  with a resounding noise.  
"ARGH! Stop it please stop it!" Charlie screamed as the pain wracked through
  her. Unmercifully Mr Campbell continued his speech.  
"Each of the servants and your tutors have access to the merit board and
  can update it at will. In your bedroom is a copy of the board, like this one,
  on one of your dressers. Now in the event that you receive a black spot, I
  will determine the punishment you are to receive." SMACK!  
"NO! Please no more!" Charlie squealed.  
"Finally, and this is most important Charlotte, if you fail to submit willingly
  to the punishment that I nominate, then you will be punished anyway and I will
  determine a new punishment to reflect the black spots. Do you understand?"  
"Yes&hellip;" A pained and much more chastened Charlie muttered.  
"Good" &ndash; SMACK!  
Chapter 7 &ndash;First signs of metamorphism?   
Dinner had concluded with a now chastened and much less defiant Charlie shifting
  her weight from one buttock to the other as she slowly ate the fish and fries
  that had been brought out of the kitchen for her. Mr Campbell, satisfied that
  his lesson had been effective, was slowly working his way through a piece of
  flame grilled sirloin steak cooked rare and a Caesar salad.  
Charlie had sat in silence once Mr Campbell had outlined the rules of the
  house and her spanking had ceased. She was broiling with conflicting emotions.
  In pain, she despised the man smugly sitting next to her; she despised every
  reminder of his domination of her. From the kid's meal she had been served
  in lieu of the sumptuous steak, to the teddy bears and bunny rabbits adorning
  her bedroom &ndash; he had engineered this travesty and she hated him for it.  
Her pain and hatred was almost equal to the sheer embarrassment she was suffering.
  Sitting in a child's chair at the table, dressed up in a light pink fantasy
  of lace, frills and ruffles - she felt humiliated. Even more so for the knowledge
  that tonight she would be sleeping under the teddy bear motifed coverlet in
  a bedroom to make the most feminine of little girls cringe. Gone was her comfortable
  room decorated with action posters of her favourite sport stars. Gone was her
  cable TV almost always switched to one of the twenty sports channels her father
  subscribed her to. No more comfortable jeans and blazers &ndash; they had been
  stolen by the servants and presumably destroyed. Her humiliation was complete
  and utter.  
And yet during her spanking &ndash; during the stinging pain of Mr Campbell's
  firm hand, under the firm grip of the butler &ndash; again the butterflies
  in her stomach had swelled. Stronger than her memory of being pinned beneath
  Kyle, she had felt through that pain and humiliation, the hatred and embarrassment,
  a feeling of jubilant elation. A warm glow through her stomach reaching down,
  spreading through her thighs. Under the hand of this monster she had felt a
  feeling never fully revealed to her before. She struggled to identify its source
  and its meaning. She simply couldn't articulate in her own thoughts what that
  feeling meant to her, except that she thought she'd liked it.  
For a second there, just a second, after that last blow had descended upon
  her satin covered panties, she had almost asked for another smack. Just one
  more, to bring that feeling back.  
Instead she had resumed her seat once Bosker had released her and now she
  shifted her weight about to try and alleviate the pain in her bottom from the
  unyielding hard wood of her little chair.  
The meal was cleared away by the maid and Mr Campbell enjoyed a snifter of
  brandy. Finished with eating he began speaking again. "Tomorrow you will meet
  your first tutor. She has been retained to teach you manners, deportment and
  protocol. I expect you to do your utmost to please her." He paused awaiting
  for a reaction from Charlie. "Well?"  
"Well what?"  
"Do you understand me?" He asked firmly.  
"Yes."  
"Yes, what?"  
"Yes sir." Charlie was too conflicted at the present moment to push the boundaries
  any further with Mr Campbell. She would have to consider her position and feelings
  before she chanced her hand against this man again.  
"Good Girl. Now get yourself to bed, it's getting late. Madeline will help
  you to your room." With that he picked up the evening paper and began to read
  through it, continuing to sip on his brandy.  
Dismissed, Charlie stood and began gingerly walking after the Maid as she
  directed Charlie back down the hallway toward her new bedroom. On reaching
  the room the maid indicated that she should change out of her clothes into
  the pyjamas that had been laid out on the bed. She also showed Charlie where
  the laundry chute in the bathroom was where she could deposit her dirty clothes.
  It barely even registered with Charlie that the chute was too small for even
  her delicate frame to wiggle into.  
The door closed behind her and locked, leaving Charlie alone in her private
  nightmare for the night.  
---  
Charlie woke stiffly to the sun shining through the lead lit flower window.
  Her memories of the previous night's dinner still disturbed her. Mr Campbell,
  she still refused to think of him by his first name, had informed her of his
  rules.  
There were many of them - but only one punishment, to submit to whatever
  punishment he prescribed...  
She had received her first taste of his brand of punishment when she had
  thrown her apple juice over his jacket. Taken by surprise she had been forcefully
  thrust over the edge of the table and spanked on her satin panties. She hadn't
  been spanked ever, even when she'd lost her father's car keys when she was
  seven.  
The ignominy and embarrassment of being spanked like a little girl in front
  of the maid and the butler had shamed her to the core. Yet she had also felt
  again those butterflies in her stomach. The feeling of exhilaration that she
  had felt when pinned to the ground by Kyle, she had felt that again last night.
  Bent over the table, dressed up in lace, ruffles and frills like a little girl
  and spanked forcefully on her bottom.  
What was happening to her? I'm Charlie &ndash; the best pinch hitter in my
  baseball team, the best 3-point shot at school. I'm Charlie, I beat most boys
  hands down at anything and everything they do. I'm Charlie, I'm in your face,
  I ain't going to take your attitude&hellip;  
She dragged herself out of bed and walked into the bathroom, a shower would
  help her recover and get her head around the last twenty four hours. She shed
  the cotton sheep-print pyjamas that had been provided to her. Last night she'd
  considered not wearing them, but the thought of Mr Campbell watching her in
  the night through his camera while she was naked convinced her that her modesty
  afforded this small loss of her dignity.  
She finished showering and brushing her teeth just as the Butler's voice
  came over the speaker from the bedroom roof. "Twenty minutes until school time
  Miss Charlotte &ndash; you had better get dressed, I've put your clothes in
  the wardrobe for you to wear."  
Clean and somewhat resolved to the day ahead after her initial period of
  confused waking, she walked to the dreaded wardrobe. Last night it had given
  up that hideous pink dress; what did it have in stall today?  
Again it proffered the hairbrush, ties and comb together with wide red ribbons.
  She walked to the mirrored dresser and began putting her hair up in pigtails.  
"The Master indicated that you need to put them up higher on the sides of
  your head Miss Charlotte, they'll fall out otherwise."  
"Shut-it weirdo &ndash; at least if I have to put my hair up into these gay
  pigtails, I'll do it how I want."  
"I'm sorry miss Charlotte, I'm going to have to give you a black spot."  
Mr Campbell had explained the Merit Board to her last night as she was bent
  over the table suffering under his firm hand. When he wasn't there, the staff
  could give her black spots and gold stars. Spots were meted out for breaking
  the rules while gold stars were rewards for good behaviour. A copy of the merit
  board sat in a photo-frame next to her bed. It contained a lightweight computer
  screen, similar to a PDA, providing her with a constantly updated summary of
  her transgressions. Mr Campbell carried a similar screen with himself.  
To her chagrin a black spot appeared on the board next to today's date.  
"Fine, I'll make sure they're nice and high for you asshole&hellip;" she
  mumbled to herself.  
"What was that Miss Charlotte &ndash; you do know it's not polite for good
  girls to mutter to themselves, would you like another spot?"  
"No sir." She responded quickly.  
Not a stupid girl, Charlie had resolved to comply somewhat with the wishes
  of her captors, at least in the short term. She was more likely to be able
  to check out escape opportunities if she was seen to be relatively willing
  and agreeable. Not too agreeable however, a seismic shift in her demeanour
  overnight was bound to attract attention.  
"I said I will make sure they are nice and high for you sir."  
"That's better young Charlotte, now you had better get a hurry on, your tutor
  will be here in ten minutes."  
Her hair finished, the wardrobe now offered up a pair of white socks, this
  time with scarlet lace trimming and a new pair of shiny scarlet Mary Janes.
  She also found a peculiar pair of white cotton panties.  
Similarly to the satin and lace panties she had been forced to wear last
  night, these were fringed with white lace around the waist and the legs. The
  front of the panties had been embroidered with a cute teddy bear. However,
  the truly intriguing part of these panties was that down the inside of the
  crotch ran a length of Velcro.  
She didn't have time to contemplate the panties much further as the Butler
  hurried her up over the intercom. If she kept the tutor waiting, he told her,
  he would be forced to black spot her again. Anxious to avoid any further punishment
  than was already coming, she hurried into the frilly panties, socks and shoes.  
The wardrobe, which she was quickly coming to despise for the horrific creations
  it offered up, now contained a large box. Opening it revealed a scarlet sailor
  suit. A wide white collar, bordered with scarlet squared off behind her back,
  it then ran over her shoulders and met at the front to be topped with a big
  red ribboned bow. A white seam gathered in around her midriff, just below her
  bust, while the scarlet puffy sleeves where again contrasted with white edging.
  The skirt descended down, again to her knees and along the hem it was bordered
  in startling white. The skirt itself was bustled out by a set of petticoats,
  bulking the skirt out to make it appear even more feminine and girlish.  
'Thank god there's not as many ruffles and lace this time' she thought as
  she put on the scarlet sailor suit. She'd barely finished struggling into the
  dress by the time the maid opened the bathroom door.  
"Ready for school Miss Charlotte?" The maid asked.  
"Yes. Charlie is ready, thankyou" Charlie referred to herself in the third
  person, just to drive home the point that although she was clad in a ridiculous
  sailor suit straight out of the JC Penney catalogue from 1932, she was certainly
  not about to start referring to herself by that dreadfully prissy name her
  late mother had imparted on her.  
Chapter 8 &ndash;Boundaries Challenged 
Down the now familiar hall Charlie walked. It was time to test the waters
  she thought; on reaching the edge of a rug in the middle of the hallway she
  feigned a stumble, only to have the maid catch her by the arm at the last instant.
  The maid had reacted with the speed of a rattlesnake, hauling Charlie back
  to her feet. Simultaneously the maid subtly reminded Charlie of the folly of
  trying to escape as the Tazer was jabbed into her ribs, but thankfully not
  activated. 
On her feet again the maid opened a door that revealed a miniature classroom.
  Just a single chair and desk faced the blackboard, but textbooks and all manner
  of normal school paraphernalia surrounded the room. On the bench running along
  the wall stood a world globe, pinned to the wall was a table of elements. There
  were subtle differences from a normal modern classroom though; like the bright
  and cheery poster, possibly produced in the 1950's, of a young girl grinning
  sweetly while extolling that "smiling helps make a brighter day". The stout
  leather strap hanging from a hook next to the blackboard also attracted Charlie's
  attention, as it provided a sinister overtone to the classroom.  
Standing before the blackboard, carefully writing on the black board stood
  a primly dressed, dour faced woman, her greying hair tied back in a severe
  bun. The maid ushered Charlie into the schoolroom before closing the door behind
  her. The dour faced woman, without turning around, stated "Take a seat child;
  I will be with you in a minute." 
Charlie took the few steps to her desk. It was a classic wooden school desk,
  complete with a hinged lid, which Charlie investigated. Beneath the desks lid
  lay stationery, but not the stock standard stationery that one would expect
  in a normal school desk. The light pink notepaper was embossed with cherubs
  in the top corner and the pens were purple and red, no plain black or blue
  pens here. 
An impartial observer would be struck by the microscopic attention to detail
  that had been applied by whoever had designed this room, and Charlie's bedroom
  for that matter. No effort had been spared to ensure that every item, no matter
  how unimportant, imparted of measure of femininity. From "The Adventures of
  Isabelle", a book in the little girl's bedroom which apparently concerned a
  pony loving, well behaved young girl, to the cherub embossed note paper; everything
  reinforced someone's contrived vision of prepubescent girly utopia.  
"I am Mistress Heinz; you may address me as Mistress Heinz or just plain
  Mistress. Mr Campbell has retained me to conduct remedial protocol and deportment
  lessons for you Charlotte." 
"It's Charlie." 
"Not within my classroom, and I will require you to address me properly in
  future." 
"Only if you address me properly by my chosen name&hellip; Mistress." Charlie
  pointedly added the last word after a pregnant pause. 
"I can see we are going to have a great deal of difficulty with each other.
  Come here child!" Mistress Heinz had taken the leather strap from the wall
  and began winding it about her right hand. 
Charlie rose to her feet behind her wooden desk, ready to dodge to either
  side if the strap-wielding tutor started toward her. "No way!" She asserted,
  assuming a coiled stance ready to evade the ever-looming disciplinarian.  
"You can come over here and take your punishment willingly, or I can come
  over to you. I strongly recommend that you march yourself over here right now
  young lady." The ultimatum was delivered matter-of-factly as Mistress Heinz
  came within reach of Charlie. 
"No. Stay away from me you old bat! I'm not going anywhere near that thing." Referring
  to the menacing strap in Mistress Heinz's hand.  
"Fine, have it your own way girl, that's one black spot and six of the best." Charlie
  was shocked at the speed and strength of the aging tutor. What she hadn't considered
  was that Mistress Heinz had spent a lifetime dealing with recalcitrant, unwilling
  or simply slow-to-learn young adults. A product of an age where corporal punishment
  was considered a learning aid, she expertly snatched Charlie's hand and twisted
  her arm behind her back before Charlie could react. Having immobilised the
  struggling girl Mistress Heinz proceeded to force her over the desk and lift
  up her skirts.  
The strapping commenced at once, without any warning and without any further
  dialogue. Charlie, bent over the desk with her cotton white panties bared to
  the world, cried out loudly as the first crack reported throughout the classroom.
  This strapping was entirely different to the open hand of Mr Campbell. Where
  Mr Campbell had waited between blows and interspersed his spanking with harsh
  words, Mistress Heinz remained tight-lipped while efficiently and relentlessly
  bringing the thick strap down heavily on Charlie's taut bottom.  
By the sixth blow Charlie's entire bottom was on fire, the pain coursing
  through her. Yet the brutality and sped of this unexpected strapping had left
  her outraged. "Charlotte, you will say 'My name is Charlotte.'" As Mistress
  Heinz directed Charlie, Charlie snapped back. 
"Go to hell you cow!" 
"Wrong answer, another spot and six more." The tutor recommenced her barrage
  with little warning and no sign of impending mercy. By the ninth blow tears
  began trickling down Charlie's cheeks and at the twelfth the salty tears were
  running freely onto her yellow pinafore.  
Inside, Charlie seethed.  
The flurry of blows ceased, and the Mistress repeated her question in a new
  form: "What's your name girl?" 
"Charlie! It's Charlie! NOW GET OFF ME YOU CRAZY BITCH!" Charlie struggled
  by kicking out with her feet, but the experienced teacher merely shifted her
  weight and easily avoided the lashing kicks. "One more black spot and twelve
  more on the behind should make you reconsider." 
At the twentieth blow Charlie started screaming in animalistic pain. With
  machinelike precision and relentlessness, Mistress Heinz brought the strap
  down over Charlie's frilled white panties again and again and again. Beneath
  the vice like grip of Mistress Heinz, she wailed. Her screams had now become
  a constant sobbing howl &ndash; yet in her stomach she felt the flutter of
  butterflies.  
As the strap continued descending she felt a glow spread out from her stomach
  and her thighs. A dark hunger began engulfing her soul, and when she was offered
  the opportunity to recant her previous stubborn refusal, she refused again,
  but this time for a different reason that sheer stubbornness. The tutor announced
  the addition of two more spots and twelve more blows with the merciless strap.  
The strapping resumed with Charlotte constantly sobbing, her face a tortured,
  scrunched up ball of pain. Inside however, she revelled in the feeling of helplessness,
  in the hard pitiless rhythm of the strap. She closed her eyes and thought of
  Kyle, big strong handsome Kyle, holding her over his knee and spanking her,
  before lifting her up from his knee and kissing her passionately. Suddenly
  she realised that her body was betraying her, the glow in her thighs and stomach
  had consequently led to her becoming hot down below&hellip; hot and wet.  
Shocked at this realisation and dreading how the aging tutor would react
  to her soiling her panties in lust beneath the ministrations of the strap &ndash; she
  took the next opportunity to recant: "Charlotte! My name is Charlotte! I'm
  sorry, I'm sorry, please stop, please just stop!" 
"Now that's better." Mistress Heinz pulled Charlotte's skirts down and indicated
  that she could resume her seat. "Perhaps we can start over: It's a pleasure
  to meet you Charlotte." 
Between sobs Charlotte responded, "Thankyou&hellip; Mistress Heinz&hellip; it's
  a pleasure&hellip; to meet you too." She took up her seat and again found herself
  having to shift about on the hard wooden seat to relieve the pain of her freshly
  beaten bottom.  
Thankfully however, Mistress Heinz did not require Charlotte to stay seated
  long. After announcing her intended lesson plan she had the young girl stand
  up and walk the length of the room. After two circuits of the small class room
  Mistress Heinz announced: "No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't swagger &ndash; walk.
  A young lady shouldn't look like she's just spent a month in the saddle. Again!
  And this time don't swagger. Keep your thighs together. Stop dragging your
  feet! That's a bit better, but you're slouching, shoulders back! Chin up!" Mistress
  Heinz continued barking directions at Charlotte, watching her walking up and
  down the room.  
After half an hour of walking from one end of the room to the other, and
  a couple of light blows on her already stinging bottom for repeated transgressions,
  Mistress Heinz insisted that Charlotte now place a book on her head while conducting
  the exercise. "It helps you keep your back straight, your chin up and shoulders
  back." She explained to a quietly resigned Charlotte.  
The deportment lessons continued during lunch with Mistress Heinz instructing
  Charlotte on table manners. She excelled during lunch, as she was no stranger
  to silver service dinners with her father's partners. Mistress Heinz offered
  limited praise for Charlotte's accomplished table manners, and immediately
  after lunch they returned to correcting her walk, the aforementioned swagger
  now much reduced. The drudgery of the repeated exercise began to grate on Charlie,
  as she railed against the seductive notion of acquiescing to the aging tutor's
  instructions to avoid further correction. 
As the end of the school day approached Charlie had reasserted herself over
  the nascent and dissenting voice of Charlotte. Charlie strengthened her mental
  resolve to quietly resist the manipulative processes being applied to her. 
Mistress Heinz handed over a book quaintly entitled "Manners of a Lady." The
  cover depicted a well-dressed conservative young lady sitting primly on a straight
  backed-chair.  
"This book addresses important issues of decorum and protocol that must be
  observed and followed by young ladies in social situations. I cannot stress
  to you how important it is that you absorb the lessons contained in that book,
  commit them to memory, and practice them unthinkingly. I will be quizzing you
  on Chapters one through five tomorrow." Charlie, after taking possession of
  the book resumed her hard seat delicately and quickly thumbed through the book.  
"That's almost a hundred pages! You can't expect me to read all that!" 
"Not only do I expect you to read it young miss, I expect you to devour it,
  to memorize it and to be able to repeat the key concepts by tomorrow morning.
  Additionally I will not tolerate such rudeness in my classroom. If I didn't
  think you could finish those chapters tonight I wouldn't have given you the
  task." She rose to her feet at this stage and approached the desk.  
"Since you are so concerned about having insufficient time to do your homework;
  then you can miss out on afternoon tea and playtime in the rumpus room." With
  that Mistress Heinz grabbed Charlie by the ear and pulled her toward the exit
  from the classroom.  
Chapter 9 &ndash;The Two Way Nature of Aquarium Glass 
Charlotte, nee Charlie, was sitting on her blue teddy bear coverlet back
  in her bedroom. She had been told that due to her poor behaviour during today's
  class she was being denied playtime in the rumpus room. Unsure of what girlish
  delights had been planned for her there she was unsure if this was a good or
  a bad thing. There were certainly not going to be any basketballs or backboards
  to slam-dunk in any rumpus room planned and designed by Mr Campbell. 
So after being unceremoniously dragged by the ear back to her room and given
  a book entitled "Manners of a lady" to read and report back on, Charlie sat
  on her bed crying. In the space of two days she had been stripped of her clothes,
  her home, her father and was being treated like someone's china doll. Dressed
  up in outlandishly girlish clothes, forced to walk without spilling books off
  her head and strapped for referring to herself as Charlie. She sobbed into
  her pillow, which she noted was also fringed with lace &ndash; was nothing
  sacred! 
What frustrated her most of all was that beyond the classroom she hadn't
  been able to roam the penthouse at all. The strategy of reluctant acquiescence
  that she had resolved to follow this morning had backfired dreadfully in Mistress
  Heinz's classroom. Mistress Heinz refused to accept any transgression and now
  Charlie faced the prospect of incurring further punishment at Mr Campbell's
  hands. She doubted very much that the limited freedom she so desperately sought
  was likely to be given to her after today. Her hopes at being able to search
  for a likely escape route from this prison were temporarily squashed.  
"The Master will be arriving home in twenty minutes, he expects you to be
  ready for dinner when he arrives. Miss Charlotte, you may want to fix your
  hair before he sees you, he can be rather finicky." Bosker the butler's voice
  disappeared as Charlotte dragged herself off the bed and looked at herself
  in the mirror. Bosker was right; in her exertions during the day she had pulled
  her hair all askew, she pulled the ties out and started re-brushing her hair,
  afraid of incurring any further black spots. 
Once finished she looked at herself in the mirror. Gone was the brash looking
  tom girl called Charlie, and staring straight back at her was a pigtailed little
  girl dressed in frilly socks, Mary Janes and a scarlet sailor suit. She stared
  into the mirror silently mouthing the words "You are Charlie, You are Charlie",
  over and over again until the bathroom door opened to reveal the maid.  
----  
The swish of her crinoline underskirts heralded Charlie's arrival in the
  Dining room. Mr Campbell was already sitting at the table reading over some
  papers. He indicated that she should take her diminutive seat next to him.
  As she sat down in the small seat, he inquired after her day: "How was school
  today Charlotte?" 
"I would rather not talk about that cow you've got training me. What use
  exactly is it to know how to walk up and down a room while balancing a book
  on your head? It's pointless and&hellip;" 
"Enough! Mistress Heinz is revered as this cities greatest Tutor in protocol
  and deportment. You will do well to learn from her. I see here that she has
  listed you for five black spots, in addition to the one given to you by Bosker
  this morning." 
"But-" 
"No! There will be no backchat young lady. You were told the rules of this
  house last night and while you dwell here under my charge you will live by
  them or submit to the consequences. Now, let's have dinner before I discuss
  your punishment"  
Seeing that arguing would get her nowhere Charlie stayed silent. Bosker entered
  the room bearing the evening's meal. For Mr Campbell, a succulent piece of
  tender veal schnitzel with a charming garden salad had been prepared. He accompanied
  the meal with a glass of dark red wine, presumably a sturdy Shiraz. As with
  the night before her meal was suitably different. A hard-boiled egg with the
  top cut off together with little soldiers (toasted bread cut into three strips
  for dipping in the yolk).  
Sitting on her small chair in her ridiculous outfit she looked up at her
  captor seething with anger and frustration. What was she to do? Until she could
  establish otherwise, she assumed that every entrance and exit from the penthouse
  was secure and alarmed. So far she had seen no telephone to speak of, and worst
  of all even if she did escape (dressed as she was) the police would merely
  pick her up and bring her back here, as legally Mr Campbell remained her guardian
  until her father recovered. All these hurdles would have to be dealt with before
  she could attempt an escape.  
And now the contrary voice re-emerged in her head. It argued that really,
  when you think about it, who would believe me even if I did escape? He dresses
  me up but beyond that, all he's given me is a single spanking, and if I'm honest
  with myself I deserved it. He's providing me with an expensive education and&hellip; 
The alternating thoughts battled for supremacy inside her head. On one side
  Charlie railed against the frippery, the femineity being imposed on her, the
  recently emergent voice of Charlotte argued back that really Mr Campbell was
  just a nice man trying to look after her&hellip;  
Bosker and the maid had efficiently removed the dinner plates. Mr Campbell
  was sitting back enjoying an aperitif and considering the scarlet clad Charlotte.
  His gaze ran up her body, from her shiny scarlet Mary Janes to the red bows
  in her hair. He shocked Charlie/Charlotte from her internal dialogue by asking
  the question "What am I to do with you my little Charlotte?" 
"Pardon me?" 
"Pardon me sir; surely even your rudimentary manners ought to tell
  you when to properly address your betters? I was asking you what am I to do
  with you. Six black spots. One might have earned you another spanking, perhaps
  bare-bottomed this time. But no, six black spots requires far more drastic
  action to convince you the error of your ways. Have you any suggestions?" 
"No sir." 
"Well let me think about it some. Do you like your outfit, I made it myself
  you know." 
"It's fine." Charlotte responded, avoiding looking down at the scarlet sailor
  suit.  
"Just fine, is that it?" 
"Well, it's not really my style you know." 
"Oh I think it is Charlotte. You look very striking in it. Very striking
  indeed." 
He returned his attention to his brandy, wistfully looking out upon the city
  lights.  
Internally conflicted she might be, but Charlie decided to try and find out
  some more about this disturbing tailor who had imprisoned her. Every piece
  of information she could gather might be useful.  
"Mr Campbell, how long ago did you know my father?"  
"Many years ago, before you were born actually. He was my manager when I
  worked for the firm, but despite our differences in age and seniority we became
  very close friends." 
"What did you do at Daddies firm?"  
"I worked on introducing new derivative products in currency futures markets.
  Those are financial products that help exporters and importers hedge their
  risks and reduce their foreign currency exposure. We were one of the first
  companies to really break into the market in a big way." 
"So why did you leave, how come Dad hadn't seen you in such a long time?" 
Mr Campbell furtively shifted his attention back to Charlie. Was he uncomfortable
  with her line of questioning? 
"It's a long story Charlotte; the short of it is that it was only my college
  job. As soon as I'd finished college I came back here to take over the family
  business." 
"But how can you afford all this" she waved her hand about, indicating that
  she referred to the well appointed penthouse, "surely your little tailor shop
  isn't this successful?" 
"Nosey little thing tonight aren't you? No, Thompson and Campbell's isn't
  my sole source of income. I still dabble in the markets, somewhat successfully
  I might add. But my great love is tailoring, there's nothing as rewarding as
  taking a piece of cloth and moulding it to your design.  
"They say that 'clothes make the man', and I believe it with all my heart.
  You can take a homeless bum and dress him in one of my suits and he wouldn't
  be out of place in the finest restaurant uptown. I could retire tomorrow but&hellip;" He
  let the thought hang in the air, Charlie decided to change tack.  
"Did you ever know my mother?"  
"Yes, a fine woman. She would be proud to see you now." 
"What was she like? I don't remember her at all." 
"Enough questions for one night, I have made up my mind." He turned to the
  doorway that presumably led to the kitchens.  
"Bosker!" The butler appeared in the doorway at Mr Campbell's beck and call. 
"Mr Campbell, Sir?" 
"I think tomorrow young Charlotte should be introduced to the punishment
  undergarments. Perhaps that will convince her to begin complying with her lessons?" 
"It will be arranged at once sir."  
Chapter 10 &ndash; Beware a Rose's Thorns. 
Charlotte had initially slept poorly, disturbed by the prospect of the punishment
  undergarments, whatever they were. 'What possibly are "punishment undergarments",
  what can Mr Campbell have possible meant?' Trepidation, fear and anxiety filled
  her as she struggled to get to sleep. 
She eventually fell asleep to dreams of being imprisoned in a tower by an
  evil prince, a clich&eacute;d dream she hadn't had since she was small, and
  woke abruptly to Bosker waking her gently from her slumber. He had actually
  come into her bedroom to wake her, an event in and of itself. To date none
  of the help had appeared in her bedroom, or Mr Campbell for that matter, instead
  they'd used the speaker installed in her ceiling. 
"Rise and shine young miss, you have a long day ahead of you." 
Charlie went to shove her teddy-bear coverlet from her body when she noticed
  that during the night her body had betrayed herself. Clinging to her sheet,
  she wrapped it around herself and disappeared into the bathroom, closing the
  door behind her in order to safeguard her dignity. 
How could she? It was just a stupid dream, the prince had imprisoned her,
  tied her up and 'Oh God! What's happening to me?' Charlie thought as she stripped
  off her sheep-print pyjamas and jumped into the shower. She repeated her morning
  ritual while she considered the treachery her body had conducted upon her.
  Hopefully no one would notice the damp patch in the fork of her pyjamas, she
  hoped to herself.  
As she glided the razor over her sensuous mound she found herself touching
  herself in a way she had never considered before. Her eyes closed, thoughts
  of rope tying her up, of Mr Campbell spanking her, of Kyle's crushing body
  on hers ran through her mind as she gently played with herself. 
"Miss Charlotte, Mistress Heinz will be here soon and we don't want to leave
  her waiting." 
"No Bosker, I'll be right there." Charlotte replied, hastily dragging her
  hand away from her nether regions. 'God damnit, I'm becoming some sort of freak.'
  Charlie thought to herself.  
Freshly washed Charlie returned to the bedroom to find that bosker had laid
  out her clothes already for her to wear. Today the wardrobe had offered up
  the black Mary Janes again. Matching white frilly socks were of course in attendance;
  today the fringed lace was yellow. Yellow ribbons for her hair were there to
  match the dress.  
The dress was a yellow pinafore over an attached white ruffled blouse, again
  the sleeves puffed out to be fringed with lace. The bottom hem sported a six-inch
  wide peek-a-boo frill of lace, while the chest was ruffled white; the collar
  came up to the top of her neck. Undoubtedly this was yet another of Mr Campbell's
  creations. At this point she noticed the other garments.  
A virtual copy of the white cotton panties she had worn yesterday were laying
  on the bed, the ones that had intrigued her with the internal Velcro. Next
  to the panties lied a matching cotton sports bra, also frilled with identical
  lace to that of the panties.  
"Hurry up Miss Charlotte, you haven't got all day." Bosker hurried her along.  
On lifting the frilled panties from the bed she finally realised the terrible
  purpose of the Velcro. Within the panties crotch had been attached a six inch
  long piece of rough textured scrubbing pad, protruding from the pad were thousands
  of bristles, the type found on any normal scrubbing brush. The bristles formed
  a rectangle one inch wide and five inches long that had been strategically
  placed to torment her in the most private of places. Attached by Velcro they
  could be added or removed at will, almost immediately Charlie went to pull
  the shocking pad of torment away from the Velcro in the panties.  
"I'm afraid you shouldn't do that Miss Charlotte &ndash; Mr Campbell expressly
  ordered you to submit to the punishment undergarments today." Bosker informed
  the shocked girl as he restrained her from removing the bristles.  
Dropping the panties, Charlotte spun away from Bosker backing herself toward
  her little white desk &ndash; "No way, there is no way I'm wearing those &ndash; you
  can't, no, no, I'll never." She continued backing away, her face betraying
  her abject fear at the prospect of being forced into the panties.  
"I'm sorry Miss Charlotte. The house rules clearly say that you either submit
  to Mr Campbell's punishment, or if you choose not to submit and put on those
  lovely little panties, then I'm afraid I will have to call the maid and dress
  you ourselves." He raised his arm as if about to call for the maid when Charlotte
  interrupted him. 
"Please Mr Bosker; please you can't make me wear those horrible panties." She
  pleaded and continued, "Look, I've been so good, I've put my hair up and worn
  the dresses, I've tried hard at my lessons, please I'm begging you, there must
  be something else I can do?" She had fallen to her knees and was looking up
  at Bosker with a pleading look. 
"Madeleine! Your help is required, please bring the dressing post!" Bosker
  called out.  
"No, please, anything, anything else&hellip;" Charlotte trailed away and
  began to sob into her towel as she sat on the ground. Bosker's attention switched
  toward the door, Charlotte looked up to plead further. She noticed that he'd
  turned his back from her. 
Now was her chance, the first chance she had had to escape the clutches of
  Mr Campbell and his servants, as the door opened the semi-naked Charlotte pounced,
  she ran passed a stunned Bosker and attempted to barrel over the maid who was
  wheeling in a sinister looking pole. Freedom was about to be hers! She shoulder
  charged the maid and then suddenly felt a sharp pain. Her body involuntarily
  convulsed. She hit the ground and everything began to go black&hellip; 
---  
Smelling salts bought Charlie around as she jerked awake, straining against
  her restraints.  
"Silly girl, Madeline always keeps her Tazer handy. That was very silly of
  you. Another black spot I'm afraid. Not to mention that you will have to report
  to Mr Campbell tonight with seven black spots hanging over your head. Now look
  where it got you&hellip;" 
Her wrists had been attached at the top of the vertical pole that she'd last
  seen the maid wheeling in. Raised above her head they were individually bound
  in yellow leather restraints. She stood there naked as the maid was kneeling
  at Charlie's feet with the socks and shoes close at hand. Still groggy she
  failed to struggle as the maid pulled up each of the white socks frilled with
  yellow lace and then pulled them up Charlie's feet. The patent black Mary Janes
  were then buckled on tightly.  
Bosker was busy brushing and plaiting Charlie's hair. She began to fully
  recover just as the maid had pulled her feet through each of the leg holes
  of the white panties with the insidious bristles lying in wait. She deftly
  pulled the panties up Charlie's thighs as the young girl began pointlessly
  struggling against her tormentors. The panties continued their relentless journey
  up her legs as she attempted to kick out at the maid. Still weak after her
  encounter with the Tazer, the maid merely brushed aside the poor girl's futile
  resistance and finally brought the waist band of the ruffled white panties
  over Charlie's hips.  
She sensed the bristles just brushing the tender lips of her sex as the maid
  bent down to adjust the elasticised bands around each of Charlotte's legs finally
  bringing the tormenting bristles into full contact with her shaven vagina.
  All struggle ceased in the girl as soon as she realised that her excessive
  movement caused the bristles to dig in and grind against her sensitive flesh.  
"NO! Please take them off &ndash; I'll be good, I promise!" A breathless
  Charlotte begged the servants. 
"Oh you will be good Miss Charlotte. Or you'll find that this is only a taste
  of the punishments that Mr Campbell will hand out." The butler informed Charlotte.  
Having finished adjusting the panties the maid gathered the frilly white
  bra from the bed, devilishly displaying it to a despairing Charlotte. The masochistic
  gleam in the maid's eye almost scared Charlotte as much as the realisation
  that the inner cups of the bra where also coated in the fiendish bristles.  
Releasing and then reattaching her wrists one at a time from the dressing
  post the maid pulled the frilly sports bra over Charlotte's head. Working carefully
  she manoeuvred Charlotte's breasts into the bristle lined cups. The maid ensured
  that the entire surfaces of her breasts were suffering beneath the ministrations
  of the heavy-duty plastic bristles. Being a sports bra, it was designed to
  restrict and compress breasts during physical activity. With the bristles added,
  the design of the bra worked to ensure that every inch of Charlotte's tits
  were being prodded and rubbed. 
The butler pulled the yellow pinafore over Charlotte's head while the maid
  began adjusting the elasticised puffy sleeves. Prior to tying the large white
  sash around her waist into an enormous bow, the butler produced a yellow leather
  belt with two D rings attached on either side. The belt was fastened tightly
  around Charlotte's waist and her wrists released from the dressing post, only
  to have them refastened securely at her sides. Charlotte found that she was
  unable to reach anywhere. With her hands fixed firmly to her sides she was
  unable to touch the panties or bra, leaving the heinous bristles to continue
  their torturous work on her suffering vagina and breasts.  
With their work complete the servants stepped back to admire their handiwork.
  Charlotte stood adoringly in the centre of the room, her hair tied up into
  high pigtails decorated with large yellow satin ribbons. Her yellow pinafore
  over the ruffled white blouse was a swishing sissy creation of ruffles and
  bows. Upon her feet, the signature frilled socks and patent Mary Janes. But
  perhaps most satisfying, more so for the masochistic maid, was the full knowledge
  that this little angel dressed for school, was suffering intense and excruciating
  discomfort from the thousands of bristles assaulting her delicate flesh.  
Chapter 11 &ndash; Changes in the Crysalis. 
Walking, Charlotte found, was problematic with the panties on. Each delicate
  step she took toward the classroom resulted in the bristles rubbing agonisingly
  against her mound. She had attempted to shift her hands around her waist to
  get at least a bit of purchase on the waistband of the panties only to find
  absolutely no give whatsoever. Her hands remained firmly secured at her sides,
  helplessly unable to free, or even relieve, the torment imposed on her.  
Her breasts were fairing slightly better. The crushing sports bra, while
  driving the bristles deeply into Charlotte's flesh, also prevented any bounce
  or movement. Thankfully this lack of movement prevented further irritation
  of the bristles grinding against her bouncing breasts. Instead the bra inflicted
  a constant intense pressure beneath which Charlotte's breasts suffered the
  prickly ministrations of the bristles.  
The maid ushered the anguished Charlotte into the classroom for her lesson
  with Mistress Heinz. The door closed behind her, Charlotte gingerly sat at
  her desk. Shooting pain wracked her face as the panties ground into her vulnerable
  flesh against the hard chair. Hastily she attempted to rise from the chair,
  however with her hands locked to her sides she lost balance, falling back into
  the chair and quadrupling the shooting pain in her crotch.  
A distressed squeal of torment ushered from Charlotte's lips at the pain
  and tears welled up in her eyes as Mistress Heinz turned from the blackboard
  to face the anguished girl.  
"Now I hope that I won't have to take the strap to you again today Charlotte.
  I hope that you have abandoned your contrary attitude and will attend to today's
  lessons. Today we will be reviewing the book I gave you for homework &ndash; 'Manners
  of a lady'. Did you do your homework?" 
Charlotte, the pain in her crotch slowly subsiding from agonisingly unbearable
  back to merely painful, nodded gently. "Yes Mistress." 
Unperturbed by the sight of the teary and tormented Charlotte, Mistress Heinz
  pushed on with the lesson. For hours the tutor had Charlotte recite and recall
  various rules of social protocol. When is it appropriate to accept a drink
  from a gentleman at a ball, how does one elegantly and politely refuse a dance,
  is it appropriate to spend an entire evening with the same dance partner&hellip; 
On and on the revision and teaching continued, all the while Charlotte sat
  primly at her desk, avoiding any unwarranted movement that would further grind
  the bristles into her crotch. Simultaneously her breasts had gradually become
  two balls of agony; crushed and spiked the pain washed over her in waves. Yet
  she focused all her attention on the tutor, trying to ignore the ever-increasing
  pain. She dreaded having to front up to Mr Chambers with any more than the
  existing seven black spots that she would already have to incur penance for. 
Therefore, despite the occasional tear rolling down her face, despite the
  agonising pain she was suffering she devoted all her intent, all her attention
  on answering Mistress Heinz's questions correctly.  
As the end of the school day approached, Mistress Heinz offered Charlotte
  her praise: "You've been a very attentive and good girl today Charlotte. As
  a reward I am giving you a single gold star. You may also spend your afternoon
  in the playroom. Madeline will accompany you and show you the way." 
A gold star! Charlotte's first reaction was that her heart rose in her throat,
  she felt elated at finally having something go her way. Deep in the background
  of her mind, drowned out in the cacophony of ongoing pain, Charlie screamed
  out in anguish. Pointing out just how quickly Mr Campbell's regime of discipline
  and reward was altering her from a happily active tomboy into a lace and ruffle
  loving submissive little girl. 
--- 
The playroom turned out to fulfil all of Charlie's previously expressed fears.
  Delicately patterned light-blue wallpaper covered in dancing ballerinas decorated
  the room. From wall to wall it contained an incomparable collection of toys,
  dollhouses, soft toys, dolls and every conceivable pursuit for a little girl.
  A pink rocking horse stood in one corner, bedecked in ribbons and inviting
  the attention of any pony-loving child. In another corner stood a miniature
  wardrobe, whose doors had been left enticingly open; revealing a plethora of
  doll clothes, shoes, gloves, scarves and accessories. Charlie noticed ironically
  that many of the doll's clothes resembled those she had been coerced into wearing
  over the last two days. A child's table sat in the centre of the room, complete
  with plastic tea set ready for imaginary tea parties with any of the inanimate
  but numerous inhabitants of the room.  
The maid had taken up a chair at the only adult sized table in the room.
  Here she began reading the latest fashion magazine and indicated that Charlie
  should amuse herself.  
Charlie responded by clearing her throat, and wiggling her restrained hands
  about. She temporarily turned on her fake charm: "Excuse me Miss Madeline,
  but how am I meant to do anything while my hands are tied at my sides?" 
"Well that's a good question Charlotte, so I'll make you a proposition. See
  the rocking horse in the corner there? If you ride it for Aunty Madeline I'll
  release your hands?" The maid pointed toward the pink, over-sized rocking horse,
  complete with ribbons hanging from its harness. 
"I think I'd rather not if it's all the same to you." Charlie baulked at
  the thought of riding the horse, not just at the potential humiliation it would
  cause her, but at the pain that sitting astride the narrow saddle would surely
  bring. 
"Well then I guess that your hands will stay bound then, might make it a
  bit hard for you to eat afternoon tea as well." With that Madeline took the
  lid off a silver platter that had been sitting on the adult sized table awaiting
  the pair's arrival.  
Not having eaten since dinner the previous night Charlie was ravenous. She
  gazed upon the offered food, fresh grapes, and a half-wheel of her favourite
  Brie cheese with water crackers and delicate slices of various melons. Her
  mouth watered, "Please Madeline? I'm so hungry." 
"Ride the horse." 
"No please, that's too much." 
"Ride the horse or wait till dinner&hellip;" 
She began considering the rocking horse. The prospect of having her hands
  released, so that they might at least provide some relief to her burning crotch
  and breasts appealed to her. So too did the thought of the delicious food on
  offer. Was the short-term torment worth it though? Would the maid report her
  if Charlotte failed to indulge this whim? How would Mr Campbell react? She
  approached the horse slowly, weighing up the dreadful options confronting her.  
"That's it sweetie, ride the nice little horsy for Aunty Madeline." Charlotte
  looked back to see the masochistic maid's eyes brimming with anticipation of
  the self inflicted agony she was about to cause herself. She'd made up her
  mind: 'just a little bit of pain and everything will get better&hellip;' 
Facing the horse again she gently swung her leg and skirts over the saddle
  of the rocking horse and found that her feet could only just touch the ground
  if she stood a-tip-toe. The unforgiving saddle brought the bristles into play
  again, grinding against her already tormented mound.  
"Now be a good girl and rock back and forward for your Aunty." 
Charlotte, a tear rolling down her cheek from the renewed punishment, gently
  rocked her body forward. The horse responded and began rocking back and forward.
  The narrow saddle and the bristles ground further and further into her vagina,
  the seesawing saddle now attacking her delicate clitoris, now her naked labia,
  constantly grinding and stabbing thousands of small pain receptors. The pain
  wracked her entire body and uncontrollably she began to cry as her poor delicate
  vagina was so brutally assaulted.  
The maid sat at the table looking on the pigtailed school girl rocking back
  and forth while tears streamed down her face, the maid returned her gaze with
  a perverse look of lust in her eyes.  
The ordeal continued, the bristles continued to grind as Charlotte looked
  up pleadingly, begging to be allowed to stop riding the horse. The maid simply
  sat there soaking up Charlotte's anguish, watching every pained gyration of
  the girl and horse.  
The maid now stood and approached the horse, "Does it hurt my little Charlotte?" 
"Yes, it hurts&hellip;" Charlotte wracked with pain, sobbed as she answered.  
"Where does it hurt?" 
"Down there, in my pussy." The tears continuing to stream down her face as
  the unrelenting motion of the horse continued its wicked work. 
"Now that's not a very nice word for a little girl to know &ndash; don't
  you mean your cunny?" 
"Yes, my cunny, it hurts there, please can I stop now." 
"Almost my little sweetie, first you have to tell Aunty where else it hurts." 
"My titties aunty, my titties and my cunny, they hurt oh they hurt - please
  make it stop&hellip;" 
"Just a little more my darling&hellip;" The sadistic maid pushed the horse
  a little further, increasing the rocking motion further. Charlotte's sobs reached
  a crescendo as she begged for release.  
Finally the maid slowed the motion of the horse and assisted Charlotte off
  the saddle. As she helped the girl from the horse and began unlocking her wrists
  from her sides she whispered to Charlotte, "Good girl &ndash; you're a very
  good girl, I think you deserve a star for being so brave. Master Campbell will
  be so very happy with you for being such a good girl." 
Her hands released Charlotte immediately tried to pull panties down and the
  infernal bristles away from the punished flesh between her legs. The maid forbade
  her from removing them completely, but did allow her to prise the wedged panties
  out of her crotch and thus provide her with some small relief.  
Still in pain, but much relieved that her seemingly endless ordeal on the
  horse was over, Charlotte allowed the maid to seat her at the little table
  in the middle of the room and enjoy the delicious afternoon tea of fruit and
  cheese. The maid joined her in the centre of the room and throughout the improvised
  tea party praised Charlotte for being such a good well-behaved and polite little
  girl.  
Chapter 12 &ndash; The Caterpillar Plans Her Escape  
"I'm very upset you failed to submit to your punishment Charlotte. Can you
  tell me what the rules regarding punishment are?" 
"If I don't submit I get punished anyway." 
"And?" 
"I have to be punished again?" 
"Correct, what do you think will happen if you don't submit next time?" 
"You'll carry out the punishment anyway and then come up with a new one as
  well?" 
"That's right, so do you see how fruitless it is to continue this obstinacy?" 
"Yes sir." 
"And will you be a good girl and submit to whatever punishment I decide is
  appropriate for you?" 
"Yes sir." 
"That's a good girl." 
This conversation between Charlotte and Mr Campbell had been conducted in
  Charlotte's bedroom. Charlotte was still clad in her punishment panties and
  bra after the maid had issued her a stern warning not to remove them until
  Master Campbell told her to.  
Mr Campbell had sat down on the bed next to her as she was studying "Manners
  of a Lady". He had spoken with a kindness and compassion that was entirely
  juxtaposed by the sheer cruelty of the punishment he had ordered inflicted
  on her. Confused by this contradictory tailor, Charlotte had sat with her hands
  in her lap and her head bowed, much as a chastened child would do. The painful
  ordeal on the rocking horse had shamed the young girl to the core. Any rebellious
  thoughts had temporarily and ruthlessly been subdued at the thought of further
  suffering.  
"Can I take the panties and bra off now&hellip; please?" She asked meekly.  
"If you can tell me that you've learnt your lesson." He responded gently.  
"Yes, I have." 
"Tell me how. What have you learnt?" 
"I shouldn't refuse to listen to Bosker when he tells me to do things, like
  how to fix my hair. I shouldn't have been cheeky to Mistress Heinz&hellip; and
  I should have dressed myself this morning instead of making Madeline and Bosker
  dress me." 
"Very good. Now Charlotte, look at me." 
Charlotte looked up from her folded hands. "I have a present for you. Because
  you were a good girl today even while you were suffering your punishment." 
He revealed a small box that he had kept hidden in his jacket pocket. 
"I want you to wear it all the time; I picked it out especially for you." 
He opened the box revealing a delicate gold charm-bracelet. Hanging from
  the bracelet were tiny charms: ballerinas, ponies and dolphins. The production
  of the bracelet reignited Charlie's detestation of her ongoing ordeal. It became
  the newest symbol in the continuing battle for her identity. Roused from her
  subdued and embattled plight Charlie internally recoiled at the sight of the
  jewellery: 'Now he's trying to buy me with trinkets!' she shouted within. Yet
  in a pretence of obedience she gingerly accepted the bracelet and carefully
  placed it on her left wrist.  
"Do you like it? It's yours to keep..." 
"It's lovely." Charlie responded blankly, now unable and unwilling to feel
  any elation at the gift that ordinarily would have been an eight year olds
  pride and joy.  
"Good, I hope you like it. Now you should get ready for dinner. You can take
  off your panties and bra if you like. Madeline has put some pretty new panties
  in your wardrobe to change into." 
"Thankyou Mr Campbell." Charlie thanked him quietly as he retreated from
  the bedroom.  
She waited until he had pulled the door shut before lifting her voluminous
  skirts and pulling the dreadful panties down. She gasped as the bristles pulled
  away from her tortured crotch. The infernal garment was thrown across the room
  before she started unzipping her dress to remove the matching bra. 
Again she gasped, as she peeled the bra away from her breasts. The bristles
  had left indentations all over her silken skin. Wincing with pain, she attempted
  to massage the punished flesh. Suddenly it occurred to her that the camera
  in the ceiling was likely watching every move she made. Creeped out by the
  thought that Mr Campbell might be lecherously watching her while she massaged
  her breasts, she hurriedly covered back up. 
Sitting on the edge of her bed she retrieved "Manners of a Lady" and pretended
  to study while she considered her predicament. Well into her second full day
  trapped in the apartment she had failed to even ascertain just what type of
  security prevented her escape. So far she hadn't been let out of sight. While
  in her bedroom, the camera undoubtedly monitored her, and on being let out
  she was always accompanied by Mr Campbell, Bosker or the Tazer wielding bitch
  of a maid. Her experience so far led her to the conclusion that she was not
  going to be left to her own devises. She needed to think of a new approach
  if she wanted to win her freedom. 
'Break the camera? No &ndash; they'll just come running and mete out some
  more of their sick brand of punishment. 
'Tunnel out? With what, and I must be thirty stories up, it's not like I've
  got a parachute. 
'I wonder if there's a fire escape somewhere, if there is it's sure to be
  alarmed&hellip; hang on, fire&hellip;' 
A plan began to form in her head. She'd only have one chance and she'd have
  to be patient. Trying to pull off this idea prematurely would wreck her only
  chance. Preparation ought to be relatively easy. All she needed were some spirits;
  Mr Campbell drank brandy didn't he? A tin can or bottle of some type; scissors;
  a bit of cotton, easily obtained from one of these hideous outfits; and a box
  of matches.  
At some stage she would have to find the kitchen, where most of these items
  would surely be available. This formed another problem, but not an insurmountable
  one. She thought back to an interview with one of her sporting heroes, Coach
  Vince Lombardi, who had once said that nothing was unachievable: all you had
  to do was break a big goal down into smaller achievable tasks and then set
  out to conquer each in turn. He'd been referring to his team's goal of reaching
  the Superbowl &ndash; but the advice was just as useful in Charlie's case. 
She knew she could do this; first she had to find the location of the kitchen.
  Then she'd worry about the rest of the tasks she was mentally arranging. In
  the mean time though she had to ensure that Mr Campbell and his crew of debaucherous
  cronies had no idea what she was plotting. That meant it was time to put on
  some panties and start behaving like a good little girl. They probably thought
  her broken as she'd suffered within the tortuous confines of the punishment
  panties and bra. Good - she'd let them keep thinking that.  
'Sugar and Spice and all things nice &ndash; that's me. I'll wear his goddamn
  girly dresses and his frilly socks. I'll smile politely, giggle and behave
  like a soppy eight year-old. He'll get his little girl alright, right up until
  I fuck him over like he's never been fucked over before' her internal monologue
  ran. 
Opening the wardrobe she found that the replacement for the punishment panties
  were a combination of yellow satin trimmed with white lace. Yellow, of course
  to match her pinafore, with white lace decorating the waist and leg bands.
  She pulled the panties up her legs and returned to her schoolbook, awaiting
  the call to dinner and brimming with new found hope at the prospect of eventual
  escape and freedom. 
Chapter 13 &ndash; A Choice is Made 
Having been escorted from her room to the dining table, Charlotte realised
  that Mr Campbell had not yet arrived for dinner. Taking her seat delicately,
  for her nether regions still remembered the evil punishment panties; she waited
  at the table while the maid stood in the corner carefully watching every move
  that Charlotte made. Charlotte contented herself by staring at the city lights,
  watching as a helicopter with its flashing navigational lights was landing
  on a building a few blocks away. 
"I'm sorry Charlotte my darling, I got caught up working on a new outfit
  for you. I do hope you'll like it. I think it's my best work yet." 
"I can't wait." She responded glibly as Mr Campbell took his chair. Internally
  she chastised herself for the sarcastic remark: 'Sugar and Spice&hellip; Come
  on focus Charlie!'  
She needed to stay focussed on the task she'd set herself. Being a smartass
  at this point wouldn't help her cause. Luckily, Mr Campbell seemed not to have
  noticed the remark &ndash; he continued on chatting "Gorgeous, it's just gorgeous.
  I'm sure that you'll adore it. Now, Madeline, is dinner ready?" 
"Yes Sir, it will be out momentarily." The maid retreated from the room,
  presumably to the kitchen. Charlie took careful note of the echoing footsteps,
  trying to guess how far away and in which direction the elusive kitchen was. 
"I hear you excelled at your lessons today Charlotte. Mistress Heinz spoke
  generously about your dedication and attention. It makes me very happy to see
  you finally accepting your new life here. Madeline also mentioned how much
  you enjoyed playing in the rumpus room; did you have fun this afternoon?" 
Fun? She'd been forced via hunger and the prospect of release to ride a rocking
  horse while in her punishment panties. Fun? These people were sick! Or was
  this some type of perverse test? Was there more to his questioning? Had the
  maid told him what had really happened &ndash; that she had coerced, no - forced her
  onto the horse?  
All these questions ran circles through her head as she tried to form a response
  that wouldn't evoke suspicion from Mr Campbell.  
"No &ndash; it was horrible. Madeline made me ride the horsy, and I didn't
  like it at all." She deliberately pouted, lathering on her previously dormant
  girlish charms.  
She thought: 'Make him think he's getting to me, that I am reverting to his
  picture of a proper little girl. Fulfil his fantasy, and keep him amused, meanwhile
  work on your plan.' 
She watched his reaction carefully; a wry grin crept across his face. 
"Well let's hope that you don't give Madeline reason to make you ride the
  horse in future? Good little girls shouldn't have to be punished like that,
  and you had been bad hadn't you?" The grin was now matched with a disturbing
  sparkle in his eyes. This apparently conservative tailor had a sinister and
  malevolent core of darkness; Charlie wondered just how deeply she'd scratched
  the surface, how far would this pervert go? She didn't intend on finding out
  what depths he might inevitably sink to, she planned on escaping before then,
  but in the interim she was forced to play along.  
"Yes sir." She agreed reluctantly. 
"Well now Charlotte, you do realise that although you behaved well today,
  you must still serve penance for seven black spots?" 
"Yes Mr Campbell." She deliberately stared toward her shiny patent Mary Janes,
  and began rubbing her ankles together nervously. She hoped that she looked
  the picture of a young innocent girl dismayed at the prospect of her inevitable
  punishment.  
"Well then, I will talk further with you about your penance later." He continued
  to stare at Charlie as she kept her head bowed. Then as the silence of the
  dining room grew uncomfortable he rose to his feet to stare out the full-length
  glass window; quietly surveying the night-time lights. 
The silence was broken with the return of the maid accompanied by Bosker
  the butler. Charlie's meal had again been carefully selected and cooked to
  further reinforce her position. Her spaghetti bolognaise had been arranged
  to form a smiley face on the plate. Charlie noticed that the traditional silverware
  that she had used at previous dinners had been replaced. Instead of the polished
  silver plate, she was served on a plastic plate decorated with teddy bears
  dancing at a maypole. Her silver knife and fork had also been replaced by a
  plastic safety knife and fork &ndash; the kind purchased for the use of small
  children who couldn't be trusted with proper "adult" cutlery. She tried to
  ignore this further affront to her dignity as she raised her arms up over the
  edge of the table and began eating, made even more awkward by the child's chair
  she was forced to sit in.  
In total contrast with Charlie's supper, Mr Campbell dined on a few select
  slices of tender roast lamb together with a parcel of perfectly cooked roast
  vegetables covered in rich gravy. He accompanied the meal with a bold red wine
  drunk from an elegant crystal glass. In comparison, Charlie's apple juice had
  been supplied in a spill proof plastic cup, complete with vibrant fairies painted
  around the outside. She forced herself to sip through the spout of the cup
  while Mr Campbell placed a delectable piece of meat in his mouth.  
Charlie finished her meal first, and was forced to sit through the trial
  of having to watch Mr Campbell finish his. He finally sopped the remaining
  gravy up with the remaining fragment of a dinner roll and gently dabbed his
  lips with his napkin. The maid collected the dishes while Bosker brought a
  snifter of brandy for Mr Campbell's post dinner enjoyment.  
Sliding deeper into his seat he sat back, clearly satisfied at the meal he
  had just finished. He took a sip of his brandy and paid regard to Charlie for
  the first time since dinner had arrived.  
"I hope you enjoyed your meal Charlotte."  
"I did, it was very nice thankyou." She replied coyly. Silence hung in the
  air for a few seconds before Mr Campbell broke it again. "Now we will turn
  to the matter of your seven black spots. Ordinarily I wouldn't do this Charlotte," he
  let that phrase hang for a moment, "but I am going to offer you a choice." 
"Either you can elect to wear the punishment panties and the bra for the
  entire day tomorrow, in which case I will ensure that Madeline takes you to
  the rumpus room for another ride on your favourite rocking horse, or you can
  wait on me tonight." 
"Sorry, I don't understand." Charlie sat in her small chair wondering just
  what he was proposing. 
"What I mean my darling little Charlotte, is that ordinarily Bosker attends
  to me after dinner. I would expect you to take his place, there will be additional
  requirements placed on you of course, but all in all serving me until bed time
  must be much more preferable to another full day in the punishment undergarments
  don't you think?" 
"I guess so." Charlie wasn't sure where this was heading. Another day in
  the punishment panties and bra would be almost unbearable, but what were these
  'additional requirements'? She also realised that attending him may mean fetching
  drinks throughout the evening, possibly even snacks. Would that allow her to
  find the kitchen and get her plan underway? Would she be sent there alone &ndash; probably
  not - but even if whoever accompanied her turned their back for a split second
  she might be able to acquire one of the items she needed to win her freedom.  
"Have you made your mind up?"  
"Yes, I'll do the serving thing. What do I have to do exactly?" 
"That will become clear when it happens my darling Charlotte." That grin
  and the sparkling eyes reignited. Something terrible was going to happen and
  she knew it. Had she made the wrong decision? Maybe she should have stuck with
  the horrific underwear instead. Mr Campbell raised his voice slightly "Bosker!
  Ah - there you are. You may retire early tonight if you choose. Charlotte has
  agreed to attend to me. You can take the rest of the evening off if you like." 
"Thankyou sir." With that the Butler retreated from the room, leaving Charlie
  and Mr Campbell completely alone.  
Chapter 14 &ndash; The Hunter's Lair 
"This way." Mr Campbell had finished his post dinner brandy and bid Charlie
  to follow him. He led her down the hallway and into an intersecting corridor
  she hadn't been through before. He ensured that she followed him closely, turning
  his head every few seconds.  
Charlie took in this new part of the house, committing a mental floor plan
  to memory &ndash; this corridor intersected with the one servicing her bedroom,
  classroom and the rumpus room. There was only one door left in "her" hallway
  that she hadn't yet seen behind. This new corridor though, was just as lushly
  decorated with an intricately decorated Persian rug running the length of the
  hall. Lighting was provided by a number of tasteful art deco wall sconces.  
Four portraits were hung along the walls; one clearly of Mr Campbell himself
  at a younger age, another of an elderly gentleman who bore a striking resemblance
  to Mr Campbell, one of an older woman of an age with the gentleman and the
  final portrait of a young lady in her prime. It was the final picture that
  caught Charlie's attention because despite the age difference and the vagaries
  of canvas it was clear that this was a painting of Charlie's late mother.  
She stopped dumb founded in the middle of the hallway, staring at the painting.
  She looked younger than in any of the photos her Dad kept of her. Her Mother
  looked radiant and beautiful, glowing in a gentle light and dressed in the
  most elegant lavender dress. Mr Campbell stopped and joined Charlie at her
  side.  
"Yes, I told you I knew your mother once. She was a beautiful creature &ndash; the
  most precious thing in the world." He stared wistfully at the painting as if
  recalling memories of youth and beauty, of a happier time long forgotten.  
Charlie asked out loud: "What happened &ndash; why is this here?" Internally
  her curiosity peaked. 
"She and I were to be together, we were meant to be together&hellip; but
  it didn't work out that way." He sighed reflectively but then suddenly turned
  away from the painting: "Never mind, it's all in the past, come along Charlotte!" 
He resumed walking down the corridor, motioning that Charlie should quickly
  follow. Perplexed by this new mystery she dragged herself away from the painting,
  a new piece of the puzzle to be considered carefully. Just who was Mr Campbell,
  was he just my father's friend or something more? What did he mean about my
  Mother &ndash; that they were meant to be together?  
It was with these questions hurtling through her mind that Mr Campbell opened
  the door to reveal his private sanctum. Distracted from the new mystery she
  looked upon the room in the house where Mr Campbell clearly spent his leisure
  time. Whereas every other room in the house was immaculately spotless, here
  was an organised chaos. Cluttered, thought Charlie, not messy, cluttered.  
The dark, carpeted room was brightly lit from two sources. One, a classic
  chandelier provided soft ambient lighting in the room, while a smaller high
  intensity work light hung from an adjustable cord descending from the roof
  above a bench. A large window stood in the wall furthest away from the bench;
  when open, natural light would dispel all the shadowy corners of the room,
  however at present the heavy curtains covering the window were drawn.  
The work bench was covered in material scraps; she noticed some of the scarlet
  material that had made her sailor suit sitting together with off cuts from
  the yellow pinafore she wore at the moment and the pink striped material from
  the dress she had been forced into on her first night here. Pieces of discarded
  blue gingham were heaped in with the rest; she obviously hadn't seen that one
  yet. An industrial sewing machine and a serger sat on the bench as well. Next
  to the bench sat a series of sewing chests, the type that opened up to reveal
  a series of staggered compartments containing various sewing supplies and equipment.  
A double built-in cupboard stood behind the bench; one door partly open revealing
  bolts of un-used material in yellows, pinks, reds, blues &ndash; all the colours
  of the rainbow were represented. Some bolts sported delicate patterns; others
  were made of silk or cotton. Smaller rolls of lace poked out between the numerous
  bolts while manikins stood arrayed around the workspace. All of them were stripped
  bare and Charlie noted that each of them closely matched her own size and body
  type.  
On the opposite side of the room adjacent to the window, stood an aging and
  well loved Chesterfield single seater with a mahogany occasional piece next
  to it. Upon the small table stood a glass full of brandy, a cigar box and a
  clean ashtray. The chesterfield faced a stereo system, not a new one, rather
  a twenty-year-old hi-fi set with a turntable and four speakers. Two stacks
  of speakers surrounded either side of the cabinet housing the turntable and
  amplifier. Rows of vinyl records were packed into the cabinet below the turntable.  
Apart from the cupboard containing the bolts of material, a number of other
  freestanding wardrobes lined the walls containing, Charlie guessed, other hideous
  garments similar to the one in which she was currently dressed. Mr Campbell
  closed the door behind Charlie and brushed passed her to sink down into his
  seat. 
Charlie began to pose a question: "Mr Campbell, My mother&hellip;" 
"Is not a topic of conversation at the moment." He interrupted before she
  could give voice to her unanswered questions. "Is that understood?" 
"Yes sir." 
"Now Charlotte, do you know how to put on a record?" He quickly changed the
  topic away from Charlie's mother. 
"Umm, I guess so, Dad's got an old turntable that he uses sometimes. I've
  seen how he does it although I've never tried it myself." 
"Well come over here and I'll show you." He pulled himself out of the chesterfield
  and walked to the stereo. "First you have to turn on the amplifier, this button
  here. Now we take out our record." He lifted up an album from the bottom of
  the cabinet. Charlie looked at the front cover depicting a frizzy haired man
  dressed in 1970's brown with a thick woollen scarf thrown over his shoulder.
  Any fan of 70's folk music or popular culture would have recognised a young
  Bob Dylan; however Charlotte's knowledge of popular music was more focussed
  on The Offspring and Limp Bizkit than rock-survivors like Dylan.  
"Now you have to be careful when handling vinyl, it scratches easily, so
  only hold the record on the outside like this. The side you want to play goes
  face up, not face down like the CDs you probably listen to. We place it on
  the turntable like this. Are you following me?" 
"Yes." She stood next to him, fixed on listening to his instruction. Like
  everything else she'd witnessed him doing, he was a methodical perfectionist.
  She thought for a moment as he showed her how to gently unlock the turntable's
  arm and place the needle on the outside track.  
Mr Campbell was an ongoing mystery to her. She could never have called him
  a kind man, but she would have to say that he was passionate. The zeal he expressed
  toward his work was nothing short of fanatical. The finely crafted, if completely
  sissy, dress she was wearing, indicated that this dedicated focus dominated
  his private life as well. He was a collection of paradoxes. He seemed to hold
  Charlie in high regard; even when he lost his temper he remained firm but polite.
  He apparently cared for her company given that he seemingly enjoyed the strange
  dinners they shared. And now she noticed that together in this room he had
  become more animated, less standoffish and warmer toward her.  
Currently he was explaining why he preferred vinyl to CD's or even to the
  new MP3 format, which he sneeringly rejected. Apparently the quality of the
  analogue recording process used in vinyl reproduced particular frequencies
  better&hellip; Charlie returned to her thoughts as he continued talking.  
She compared all these traits against the man who was keeping her in this
  apartment against her will and had subjected her to the most abject humiliation
  and intolerable pain. How could she reconcile these two facets of the same
  man? It was impossible; she was simply unable to understand him. If he cared
  for her so much, as he proclaimed, then why did he hurt her like he did? If
  he was so concerned for her welfare why was he staging this continuing mental
  warfare, trying to change her into something that she would never be?  
Now he was showing her how to detect where one track started and another
  finished. He lowered the arm down onto the record and as a folksy Dylan ballad
  began he returned to his chair indicating that Charlotte should make herself
  comfortable.  
Finding a space on the carpet between the stereo and his chair she knelt
  down and spread her awkward skirts about her. As she was settling in on the
  floor waiting for whatever was to come next, a knock at the door announced
  the arrival of the maid. She walked into the room dressed in her traditional
  English maid outfit bearing a box. She offered the box and a handwritten note
  to Mr Campbell who placed both on top of the cigar box and ashtray next to
  him. He looked toward his quickly depleting brandy; "Madeline, can you please
  show Charlotte where the brandy is kept and have her return with the decanter
  and a new glass please, and by the way, thankyou for delivering this." At the
  mention of brandy Charlie's heart skipped a beat&hellip; 
"A pleasure Master Campbell, I'll be off now if there's nothing else you
  need tonight?" 
"No thankyou Madeline, Charlotte can look after all my needs, just bring
  her back after she's fetched the brandy." 
"Yes sir. Good night." The maid looked toward Charlie as the girl gathered
  her skirts up and followed the maid from the room &ndash; her heart beating
  at a million miles a second at the prospect of possibly finding the kitchen.  
Chapter 15 &ndash; The Chrysalis Cracks. 
The maid led Charlie back down the corridor featuring her mothers painting
  and then back down the hallway containing the door to Charlie's bedroom, the
  classroom and the rumpus room. They took a turn just before the dining room
  and entered a spacious kitchen. A central kitchen block dominated the middle
  of the room. Benches, ovens and pantries surrounded the room. It was clearly
  a catering quality kitchen with almost every possible appliance and practical
  culinary utensil possible to imagine available.  
Charlie had added the position of the kitchen to her mental floor plan of
  the apartment; sure that she could return here at will, so long as she was
  free to. The maid moved to one pantry opening it up to reveal a veritable bar.  
Spirits, ports, desert wines and liqueurs of all varieties were neatly arranged
  in the cupboard. The maid fetched an elegant rectangular crystal decanter full
  of brandy from the top shelf and then shut the cupboard.  
While she was fetching a glass from another cupboard, Charlie eagerly studied
  the room. 'Those drawers there, they might have matches in them, and if I get
  the chance the best place to look for a tin can is in the trash over there
  or under the sink here.' Her gaze flitted back and forth, taking in every possible
  detail &ndash; cataloguing the likely repositories for her mental shopping
  list. The maid, having taken a clean crystal brandy glass from another cupboard
  indicated that Charlie should take the two items and follow her back to Mr
  Campbell's room. Charlie, with a final look over her shoulder back into the
  kitchen, followed the maid back the way they had come.  
As she approached the hallway displaying her mother's portrait the melody
  of a familiar ballad reached her ears.  
"Nobody feels any pain; 
Tonight as I stand inside the rain;" 
 
The slightly off pitch but strangely compelling voice of Dylan came reverberating
  from Mr Campbell's room. He had turned up his stereo considerably since Charlie
  had left to fetch the brandy. 
"Ev'rybody knows; 
That Baby's got new clothes; 
But lately I see her ribbons and her bows; 
Have fallen from her curls." 
 
She slowed as she walked further down the hall. The maid followed a few steps
  behind. Charlie could see the silhouette of Mr Campbell through the open door
  as he sat in his chesterfield chair, nursing the last of his brandy and crooning
  along with the song. The next lines sent a chill down Charlotte's spine as
  they adopted a brand new meaning on this dark and ominous night.  
"She takes just like a woman, yes, she does; 
She makes love just like a woman, yes, she does; 
And she aches just like a woman; 
But she breaks just like a little girl." 
The maid nudged her as she stood anxiously in the open doorway, "Go on in
  girl, I hope you enjoy tonight's&hellip; planned activities" Charlotte could
  have sworn that the maid had cheekily winked and grinned evilly at her as she
  departed.  
The second verse began as Charlotte inched her way toward the chesterfield
  single seater. Mr Campbell noticed her entrance, but continued to sing along
  with Dylan's husky lyrics. 
Charlotte, standing there with the decanter and fresh glass resolved that
  she should perform her function as servant for the evening. Placing the glass
  on the small mahogany table she poured a generous splash of neat brandy into
  the glass.  
"Nobody has to guess; 
That Baby can't be blessed; 
Till she sees finally that she's like all the rest;" 
Her new charm bracelet chimed against the crystal decanter and she replaced
  the stopper and then looked about wondering what to do next. Mr Campbell, still
  singing along, motioned that she should resume her seat on the carpet. 
"But what's worse; 
Is this pain in here; 
I can't stay in here; 
Ain't it clear that-- 
 
I just can't fit" 
 
Charlotte lowered herself back onto the carpet between the stereo and the
  chair, consciously smoothing the skirts of her yellow pinny as she did so.
  Looking up she was disturbed to see that Mr Campbell was mouthing the words
  while staring straight at her as the song reached its finale: 
"I was hungry and it was your world. 
Ah, you fake just like a woman, yes, you do; 
You make love just like a woman, yes, you do; 
Then you ache just like a woman; 
But you break just like a little girl." 
 
The harmonica faded with the song as the turntable reached the end of the
  record. The automatic arm, sensing the end of the record, lifted itself back
  up and across into its cradle.  
Silence filled the room &ndash; the air hung heavy with anticipation and
  fear. 
"I have a delicate matter to discuss with you Charlotte. One that wasn't
  appropriate to resolve over dinner." 
"Sir?" Charlotte quivered. The ballad's lyrics and the ardour with which
  Mr Campbell had followed them scared her. Until now she'd never really listened
  to the song, or its lyrics. But here in this room, with this strangely disturbing
  man, it had left her shivering with trepidation.  
He lifted up the box that the maid had delivered to him earlier. He opened
  it, from her position sitting on the carpet Charlotte was unable to see what
  it contained.  
"At first when Mistress Heinz reported this to me I was incredulous. It had
  to be a mistake, I would never have thought it of you." He spoke as a father
  deeply ashamed at the behaviour of a cherished child would.  
'Thought what of me? What have I done? What's in the box?' These thoughts
  all started cascading through her head. The apprehension that the dark ballad
  had sparked began rushing toward all-out horror.  
In the dimly lit room Mr Campbell continued as he considered the contents
  of the box and the handwritten note: "But with this evidence I can ignore this
  no longer&hellip; Charlotte?" He looked into her eyes with a stern inquisitorial
  gleam. 
"Sir?" she squeaked, desperately dreading whatever 'evidence' he had. The
  use of the word 'evidence' also suggested that a crime had been committed.
  What had she done? What would he do to her? The final haunting lyrics of Bob
  Dylan chose this moment to echo through her mind: "But you break just like
  a little girl&hellip;"  
Chapter 16 &ndash; The Butterfly Emerges 
"I want you to explain these to me." Her world reeled &ndash; she felt as
  if a lightning bolt had hit her. The fear, anxiety and terror exploded into
  outright panic as she realised what Mr Campbell had pulled out of the box to
  display to her.  
In his hand Mr Campbell held Charlotte's blue pyjama bottoms. He displayed
  prominently the crotch of the pants where Charlotte had stained them with her
  nocturnal feminine emissions. He placed them on the arm of his chair as he
  extracted the frilly white cotton panties that she had worn the day Mistress
  Heinz had strapped her. "And these as well." He placed the final incriminating
  item together with the pyjama pants.  
"Mistress Heinz reported to me that she thought she had detected a&hellip; moistness,
  between your legs as she strapped you. I refused to believe it of you. But
  now what do I find in your laundry &ndash; more evidence of this inappropriate
  behaviour." 
Charlotte sat on the floor, her eyes darting between Mr Campbell and the
  incriminating panties&hellip; 
"To tell you that I am deeply unhappy with this state of affairs would be
  a gross understatement. Look at the panties Charlotte. LOOK AT THEM!" His voice
  rose well above its normal calm reserved pitch.  
"What do you have to say for yourself? Well girl &ndash; what?" 
"It just happened." She squeaked out.  
"It just happened did it? You were being strapped for misbehaviour and suddenly;
  'it just happened?'" 
"Yes&hellip;" the intonation of the last half of this word rose upwards,
  the admission profoundly embarrassing to the young girl. 
"Why Charlotte? Why?" 
"I don't know&hellip;" She dragged her gaze away from the incontrovertible
  evidence that she had responded sexually to being strapped.  
This shocking discovery by Mr Campbell had blown away her emotional armour,
  her secrets, leaving her soul brutally naked under his burning gaze. She felt
  a lump in her throat rise as he continued to brutally pierce her newly exposed
  vulnerability.  
"It seems as though we are going to take some rather dramatic action Charlotte.
  We can't have a beautiful young lady like you, someone who one day will make
  an excellent wife mixing amongst high society; behaving in this intolerable
  fashion by acting like a sexual deviant. Can we Charlotte?" 
The lump in her throat had led to soft tears, and Charlotte now cried gently
  into her skirt. She had picked up the edge of her skirt and bought it to her
  face, where she wiped the tears away on the yellow hem of her pinafore.  
He had revealed her darkest secret; he had torn away all her pretensions
  with this one simple discovery: corporal punishment and the dream of the dominating
  prince had aroused her. Being dominated and subdued excited her. But even worse
  than Mr Campbell's discovery was that she now saw that she had been deceiving
  herself. She wasn't Charlie the tomboy, the best in her school at sport. She
  wasn't a living example of a young woman conquering the world on her own and
  beating the boys at their own game by their rules&hellip; 
She was no better than the simpering females who got bound to railroad tracks
  by evil villains. Vainly thrashing about in their bonds in a pathetic attempt
  to free themselves; all the while begging for a big strong man to come and
  rescue them. 
She couldn't work out what was worse &ndash; that Mr Campbell now knew her
  secret, or that she had lied so perfidiously to herself.  
Charlie started to fight back through the emotional turmoil &ndash; 'stop
  it &ndash; stop acting like a baby! You're a woman &ndash; why should you be
  ashamed of feeling that way when thinking about Kyle! This is nothing compared
  to how the other girls at school talk about boys! You are Charlie! Stop letting
  this freak twist you around his little finger!" 
Charlotte ignored her, sobbing into her dress. Her soul had been exposed;
  she was shamed at her reaction to the brutal beating that Mistress Heinz had
  taken out on her. She was even more ashamed that she had lost control while
  dreaming of evil princes&hellip; 
Mr Campbell interrupted her internal struggle, mercilessly ignoring her internalised
  vacillation. "I take it from your lack of response that you are guilty as charged.
  Let me tell you right now that I will not have you become some two-bit whore
  selling your body in some seedy alley. 
"You are your mother's daughter and rightfully due a life of privilege and
  luxury. I would die before allowing you to sink into such a pit of despair
  and disgrace, because of some sexual deviancy." He paused a moment before continuing.  
"I cannot allow that to happen. The memory of your mother would never let
  me sleep. Charlotte, I am going to have to take some extreme actions to rectify
  your behaviour." He paused again as Charlotte brought her teary eyes away from
  her skirt to look at Mr Campbell as he sat in his chair with a look of resigned
  determination in his eyes.  
"From today on I am going to have either Bosker or Madeline check your panties
  twice a day. If I find that you have succumbed to these perverse feelings again
  you will wear the punishment panties for a day. If that fails, I am afraid
  I will have to apply a fiercer approach to your behaviour. Do I make myself
  clear?" 
She wasn't sure whether Charlie or Charlotte answered, but the response was
  universal: "Yes Sir." 
"Good, now I hadn't expected this unfortunate revelation tonight. I'm going
  to give you a rain check on tonight's planned penance; in fact I think I will
  have to revise what I had planned in light of this." He indicated toward the
  soiled panties. 
"I think you should go to bed now. I will expect you to attend on me tomorrow
  night. But for now I want you to go to sleep and think about how you have disgraced
  the memory of your mother &ndash; I also want you to think about how we are
  going to overcome this perversion of yours." 
Mr Campbell rose to his feet and offered an upset Charlotte a hand up from
  her seat on the carpet. Charlotte accepted his had and dragged herself up.
  The two of them then made their way back to Charlotte's bedroom. He wished
  her a good night before closing and locking the bathroom door behind her.  
Alone by herself after being locked in her suite, an emotionally distraught
  and confused Charlotte found that her sheets had been changed, her room tidied
  and a new pair of pyjamas had been placed on the end of her bed. A one-piece
  pink sleeper, complete with enclosed booties, had now supplanted the two-piece
  blue cotton pyjamas. A dancing ballerina graced the chest of the sleeper. Charlie
  cringed at the infantile pyjamas &ndash; only by convincing herself that she
  needed to continue the pretence of surrender to progress her escape plans,
  did she finally shed her yellow pinafore and force herself into the pink sleeper.
  She deposited her day clothes down the laundry chute and slipped beneath her
  new sheets. These she noted were virginal white satin and the coverlet a plain
  light pink. 
Drifting off to sleep seemed to take forever. Her mind was awash with conflict.
  She was ashamed that Mr Campbell had discovered her soiled panties &ndash; ashamed
  that her most private secrets had been exposed so unsympathetically &ndash; and
  ashamed that she had had those feelings in the first place. Charlie didn't
  gush and fawn over big strong men, she was better than them&hellip; and yet
  the panties provided undeniable proof that she did turn into mush at
  the thought of being dominated by a strong figure. She remembered the thoughts
  that had cascaded through her while Mistress Heinz had strapped her. Of Kyle
  putting her over his knee and spanking her before passionately embracing her.  
She shook her head to try and rid herself of these inappropriate thoughts.
  Her mind turned to the future and to different things. She had found the kitchen;
  hopefully tomorrow night she would have the opportunity to pilfer one of the
  items she needed. She worked out that the easiest way to acquire the brandy
  would be from under Mr Campbell's nose. While topping up his glass she would
  skim off a bit of excess each time &ndash; she'd already worked out how to
  store it &ndash; in her spill proof plastic cup with the spout. She was positive
  that Mr Campbell would let her take it from the table &ndash; she imagined
  he must get off seeing her dressed in frills and lace drinking out of a safety
  cup fit for a toddler &ndash; he would be unlikely to object if she brought
  it with her to his room tomorrow night.  
But first she had to get through tomorrow. A new outfit, new humiliations
  and now she realised that she had failed to review the requisite chapters of "Manners
  of a Lady" for Mistress Heinz. With luck she could bluff her way through Mistresses
  questions, but she resolved herself to the fact another black spot was likely.
  The greatest humiliation she now feared would be these twice daily "panty inspections".
  But again she reminded herself that she just had to survive for a few more
  days and freedom would be hers.  
Chapter 17 &ndash; A New Predator 
 
Sunlight streamed in through the stained led window above Charlie's bed.
  The shaft of bright sunshine predicted a temperate and hospitable summer for
  the city. The vivid light revealed a sleeping Charlie, clad in her pink ballerina
  sleeper.  
Throughout the night she had tossed and turned, entwining her sheets about
  her so that as she awoke to face the new day, she had to untangle herself from
  the pink coverlet and upon rising found that breakfast awaited her, coco pops
  with a pitcher of cold milk.  
The coco pops had been poured into a bowl similar to the plastic plate she
  had been served dinner on the night before. The rim of the bowl sported a series
  of blissful teddy bears clad in fanciful clothes frolicking about a maypole.
  She sat at her desk eating the coco pops and pensively considered the copy
  of "The Adventures of Isabelle" sitting on her desk.  
Frustrated with the lack of stimulus in this bedroom, being deprived of her
  ubiquitous cable television that sat in her real bedroom back home, Charlie
  picked up the book and started reading while eating her coco pops. Absent-mindedly
  she read the first few pages while consuming breakfast. Despite the soppy main
  character, Charlie was grateful to have anything to do that took her mind off
  her surroundings and predicament.  
Marking the page as she finished her breakfast she made her way to the bathroom
  where she squirmed her way out of the babyish sleeper and hopped into the shower.  
Years of routine kicked in as she washed her hair, lathered her body in soap
  and attended to the modest growth around her crotch with a razor. If someone
  had asked Charlie why she kept herself clean-shaven she wouldn't have had a
  ready answer. The truth was she had come to a sub-conscious decision years
  ago that her imminent entry to womanhood was a threat to the continuation of
  her chosen lifestyle. With this thinking in place she had resolved to remove
  all the downy evidence of her womanhood, a practice she had unthinkingly repeated
  every morning of her life since the age of twelve. Yet despite the circumstances
  of her imprisonment and the pseudo-paedophiliac nature of her enforced new
  lifestyle, she continued the practice without conscious thought.  
Having attended to her personal hygiene and having wrapped herself in a towel,
  Charlie approached the two-way wardrobe that provided her with her daily clothing.
  Last night Mr Campbell had taken a great deal of pride in proclaiming that
  her newest outfit was his favourite yet. Charlie dreaded to think just what
  this praiseworthy outfit would look like.  
The wardrobe divulged its contents to Charlie's eventual dismay. Her now
  trademark patent black Mary Janes sat on top of the rest of her clothes. The
  shoes had been polished overnight to a mirrored perfection. Beneath the shoes
  were neatly stacked a pair of white silk panties, a pair of spotlessly white
  opaque tights and four blue hair ribbons. The panties lacked the lace that
  had become almost mandatory on her underwear; however a large red love-heart
  had been laboriously embroidered on the front. Beneath this pile of accessories
  and undergarments sat a large white box.  
Apprehensively Charlie picked up the entire pile and moved it to her bed.
  She moved everything off the box and opened it up, lifting out the new creation
  and spreading it out on the bed. She considered the shockingly embarrassing
  new dress as she put on the white panties and tights.  
The bulk of the dress was made from lightly cross-thatched blue gingham.
  The billowing skirts revealed a six-inch peek-a-boo white lace hem, beneath
  which sat numerous netting skirts. To the bottom edge of the skirt had been
  invisibly stitched a white backgrounded edging depicting Winnie the Pooh, Tigger
  and Piglet romping about cheerfully. The blue skirt gathered in at the waist,
  two white cotton sashes joined at the back to produce a large white bow. The
  bodice, predominately made from the blue gingham, displayed the Winnie the
  Pooh motif just above the waistband, while horizontally running from edge to
  edge across the top of the bust ran a three-quarter-inch-wide length of lace.
  Extending from the waistband up and over each shoulder and down the back of
  the dress were two wide ruffles edged with the abundant white lace. At the
  front base of each of these ruffles sat a medium sized satin bow on each side.
  The collar was white, sewn in the Peter Pan style and again, along the edge
  of the delicate collar was fastened a fine edging of baby lace. The blue puffy
  elasticised sleeves each sported quaint white bows at the sides.  
Now dressed in the white opaque tights, the love-heart covered panties and
  her Mary Janes, Charlotte struggled into this latest sample of Mr Campbell's
  contrived prepubescent fantasy. She struggled to tie the sashes into a bow;
  ordinarily she wouldn't have worried getting it right, however today she was
  determined to avoid any additional correction from any of the servants. Clad
  in the disgusting creation of rustling skirts, bows and ruffles Charlie dragged
  herself in front of her mirror and began brushing her hair. Ten minutes with
  the comb and hairbrush produced two perfect pigtails, about which the blue
  ribbons were tied at the ends and base. 
Unsure of exactly how much time remained before her lessons commenced, she
  sat down at her desk in the antique white chair and wiled away the remaining
  minutes attempting to catch up on her readings in "Manners of a Lady". She
  had pored through only half the required readings for today when the maid entered
  the room indicating that it was time for school to start.  
--- 
Mistress Heinz was indeed unhappy with Charlie's failure to cover all the
  required readings. The harsh tutor had given Charlie a black spot and had also
  forced the girl to hold out each of her hands face up while Mistress Heinz
  had brought the strap down upon each one in turn.  
Charlie had been silently grateful that the tutor hadn't taken the strap
  to her bottom. Memories of Mr Campbell's promise to treat very harshly any
  future panty-soiling incidents had her dreading any strapping on her bottom.
  She was unsure whether she could prevent herself from staging a repeat performance
  of her last encounter with the strap.  
Instead Mistress Heinz had grumpily led Charlie through the unread chapters
  relating to appropriate feminine behaviour at different social occasions. Charlie
  was struck not only by the sheer complexity of the social mores she was being
  expected to remember, but also by the seemingly nonsensical and frivolous expectations
  of a young woman. For example, it was totally unacceptable to allow a man to
  enter your home after dropping you off after an outing. However it was perfectly
  acceptable for him to call on you the next evening at the same time of night!
  So as long as he wasn't dropping you off, he could call on you at almost any
  hour!  
Then there were different levels of acceptable interaction at varying types
  of functions. Acceptable behaviour differed greatly between galas, balls, concerts
  and garden parties. At one event a particular type of action was thoroughly
  acceptable and indeed expected, whilst the same act at a different function
  was completely shocking. The complex rules baffled Charlie, and had she not
  been determined to avoid corporal retaliation, she would have thrown her hands
  in the air with frustration and refused to read or repeat another word of this
  useless crap.  
Lunch arrived with Bosker providing peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for
  Charlie. Just as she was about to pop a corner of one into her mouth, he cleared
  his throat to get her attention.  
"Miss Charlotte, I need to check your panties." He signalled that she should
  stand for a moment. 
Charlie gingerly rose to her feet asking: "Come-on, do we really have to
  do this? I promise you that there's nothing there. I've been very good this
  morning" 
"I hope so Miss Charlotte, but nonetheless these were Mister Campbell's unequivocal
  orders when he left this morning." 
She sighed and stood before Bosker. "Please lift up your skirts Miss Charlotte
  and part your legs, this will only take a moment." 
Feeling thoroughly self-conscious, she gathered up her skirts and lifted
  them up over her waist. She felt Bosker's touch almost immediately as he pulled
  down the tops of her tights to reveal the love heart covered panties below.
  Deftly he placed his hand in Charlie's most secret place and checked her panties
  for any sign of transgression.  
Satisfied that her panties were clean he pulled her tights back up and instructed
  her to drop her skirts. "Thankyou Miss Charlotte, but, I am afraid we will
  have to check on you again before dinner." A flustered Charlie rearranged her
  skirts and resumed her seat to eat her lunch.  
--- 
The afternoon saw a return to Charlie's deportment coaching. The continuing
  exercises had much reduced the pronounced swagger that Charlie had sported
  on her arrival. Sauntering up and down the room in her swishing skirts; Mistress
  Heinz had expressed reluctant admiration for Charlie's progress on this front.
  She had only had to strap Charlie twice about the haunches for minor misdemeanours.
  The two separate blows had come without warning and the pain had subsided quickly,
  so no untoward feelings had had time to take root and betray her. She truly
  dreaded the prospect of failing this afternoon's panty test and being forced
  back into the dreadful punishment panties and bra. Once had been enough to
  teach her how diabolical those ingeniously designed implements of torment were.  
By the end of the day Mistress Heinz was relatively happy with Charlie's
  performance and awarded her a gold star as a reward. As an afterthought she
  indicated that Charlotte could spend the rest of the afternoon with Madeline
  in the rumpus room before Mr Campbell returned home.  
With haunting memories of her suffering on the rocking horse echoing through
  her head, Charlie was taken into the playroom by the maid. Afternoon tea had
  been set out on the little plastic table in the middle of the room. Charlie
  took the indicated seat and snacked on the cookies and milk that had been set
  out for her.  
On finishing off the last of the cookie crumbs Charlie looked about the room
  wandering how to spend the next few hours until Mr Campbell called her to dinner.
  The maid looked up from her magazine: "Why don't you play with your dollies
  Charlotte?" 
"I'd rather not. Isn't there something else to do? Don't you have another
  magazine I could borrow?" 
"No these magazines aren't suitable for young ladies." The maid rose to her
  feet and picked up one of the many dolls adorning the room. This one was eighteen
  inches tall with blue eyes and dark brown hair. "Look at this one, it looks
  just like you!" The maid adopted a tone of false enthusiasm for the doll "Why
  don't you call it Cynthia and dress it up in pretty clothes?"  
Charlie would have slapped the maid then and there had she not been tightly
  controlling her temper. Instead she grudgingly took the doll from the maid's
  hands. Charlotte looked at the stupid doll, wondering how far the maid was
  going to push this. "Charlotte &ndash; now you can't just leave little Cynthia
  naked." 
The maid returned to her magazine as Charlotte sat in her little chair in
  the middle of the room. The maid looked up at the motionless Charlotte, she
  dropped the false enthusiasm of a few moments ago and spoke assertively: "Charlotte,
  dress Cynthia now!"  
"Please Madeline, I've never - I mean, well&hellip; I don't know what to
  do, I've never had a doll before or even ever wanted one. I always went outside
  or played ball or stuff, I don't want to play with the doll and even if I did,
  I wouldn't know how. Can't I just fetch my book from my bedroom please?" Charlie
  blathered out.  
The maid looked sternly at Charlotte and spoke slowly. "You may not have
  your book, but you will dress Cynthia now..." 
"But&hellip;" 
That had been one objection too many for the maid: she bounded out of her
  chair toward Charlie. When, much later, Mr Campbell reviewed this video footage
  being captured by a camera set in the ceiling similar to the one in Charlie's
  bedroom, he would satisfactorily note that as the maid approached, Charlotte
  cringed. The young girl he was moulding hadn't attempted to evade the maid,
  nor had she thrashed about as she had on previous occasions. He noted pleasingly
  that the pigtailed beauty had actually cowered before the looming maid.  
The maid dragged Charlotte up from her petite plastic seat by the arm, spun
  her around and proceeded to spank her on the bottom a number of times. Charlotte
  squirmed as the maid's hand fell on her through the dress, tights and panties.
  Realising that this assault was relatively ineffectual through the numerous
  layers of Charlotte's clothes, the maid dragged her skirts up above her waist
  in order to deliver the final blows more directly. Charlotte could have broken
  away at this stage, as the maid had been forced to use both her hands to deliver
  the spanking. Yet she didn't - it hadn't even occurred to her. She stood there
  freely in the centre of the room, frightened, as the maid delivered a handful
  of jolting slaps to her bottom. 
"Well, is Cynthia going to get some clothes on now?" The maid asked pointedly. 
A reprimanded Charlotte replied: "I guess so."  
Charlotte's skirts were released. She sat back down on her chair and fetched
  Cynthia from where she had fallen to the ground. She had been scared senseless
  that the spanking would arouse her, but as she sat back down she realised that
  she had averted disaster. She was fairly sure that she could pass her next
  panty check safely. With great reluctance and under the hawkish supervision
  of the maid, Charlotte took Cynthia to one of the little wardrobes. She randomly
  selected a little red dress to put on the doll when the maid offered advice: "Doesn't
  the poor little thing at least need some panties Charlotte?" 
In a whispered response Charlotte uttered: "I suppose so." 
She found a drawer in one of the miniature wardrobes that contained a collection
  of tiny panties and grabbed the first frilly pair on top. She pulled the little
  panties up the dolls legs where they sat there taunting her, reminding her
  that she too was wearing something very similar under her blue Pooh-Bear dress. 
Once she had put Cynthia in a ruffled doll's dress, the maid demanded that
  she should have a tea party with her new friend. Fearing further spankings,
  Charlotte spent the remainder of the afternoon conducting a pretend tea party
  with Cynthia under the stern gaze of the maid.  
--- 
The maid checked her watch and looked up from her magazine. Charlotte stood
  up in expectation of being released from this farcical scene, even if it was
  to go to another of her strange meals with Mr Campbell.  
"Not quite yet, first I have to check your panties Miss Charlotte." The maid
  indicated that Charlotte should approach the adult sized table. Once there,
  the maid had her lean over the table, hold up her skirts with one hand and
  part her legs. She yielded to the maid's instructions, just as she had done
  with Bosker earlier.  
The maid stood behind Charlotte and pulled her tights down to below her knees,
  effectively hobbling the young girl. That done, she thrust her hand into Charlotte's
  crotch. Once her hand was there, she didn't remove it immediately as Bosker
  had. Rather, finding that Charlotte's pants were dry, she began firmly rubbing
  Charlotte's clitoris and labia. Charlotte dropped her skirts in shock and tried
  to break away only to have the familiar jab of the Tazer convince her to cease
  her struggle.  
The maid whispered in Charlotte's ear: "Don't even think about it sweetie,
  one move and you'll regret it." 
"Stop that!" Charlotte screamed, "You can't do that, I'll tell Mr Campbell!" The
  maid's hand forcefully continued massaging Charlotte's pubic region. Involuntarily
  she felt heat and warmth begin to rise in her crotch. 
"Try it &ndash; who do you think he'll believe Charlotte? 
"As far as Mr Campbell is concerned I told you to play with your dolls and
  you refused. I had no choice but to spank you, and wasn't I upset to find that
  our little Charlotte had disgraced herself again." The maid imitated her own
  voice and the speech that she had prepared for Mr Campbell.  
"I remember your mother Charlotte and I remember what she did to our Master.
  I'll not have you do the same thing to him over again &ndash; I'm going to
  see that you suffer bitch, just like your whore of a mother should have!" The
  venom in the maid's voice startled Charlotte, then she remembered the masochistic
  gleam in the maid's eyes as Charlotte had ridden the rocking horse, the evil
  wink as she'd ushered her into Mr Campbell's study last night for punishment.
  The maid wanted her to suffer for the mysterious sins of her mother. .  
"But this isn't fair, I haven't done anything to you Madeline, please stop,
  this isn't fair." Charlotte appealed to the maid, but she felt that the damage
  had already been done. Down below she knew that her silk panties were soaked
  through and glistening with her reluctant fluids.  
Chapter 18 &ndash; Betrayal and the Butterfly 
"Mr Campbell! Madeli&hellip;" 
"Shush!" The maid had pushed Charlotte through the rumpus room door and led
  her toward the dining room. In the last few steps Charlotte had broken away
  from the maid in a desperate attempt to reach Mr Campbell first and explain
  how the maid was trying to frame her. 
Mr Campbell had been sitting at the table reading the evening paper, and
  had immediately silenced Charlotte and looked quizzically toward the maid. "Quiet
  down Charlotte &ndash; Madeline, what appears to be the problem?"  
"NO! Don't listen to her, she's lying!" Charlotte appealed loudly. The maid
  grabbed a hold of Charlotte's arm and brought her to the table.  
"Please Mr Campbell, don't listen to her!" 
"That's quite enough of this behaviour Charlotte, one more word from your
  mouth and I will have to punish you here and now &ndash; as it is I think a
  black spot is in order. Now Madeline, what is the problem here." 
"Mr Campbell, I am afraid that I must report that&hellip;" 
"She's lying! She did it to me! You can't-"  
"Charlotte! If you don't stop this right now I will have to take measures." Mr
  Campbell's voice rose as he started to lose his temper.  
"But you can't listen to her &ndash; she played with me and then she&hellip; 
"CHARLOTTE!"  
Charlotte cringed as Mr Campbell's face became flushed and a vein began throbbing
  on his forehead. He was clearly furious, she closed her mouth quickly &ndash; afraid
  of what might happen if he completely lost his temper.  
A few moments passed, the maid remained standing silently before the table
  holding Charlotte by the arm. The colour in Mr Campbell's face began to subside
  and when he had taken a couple of breaths he started again: "Charlotte, do
  not interrupt, I will speak to you in a moment. Now, Madeline, what is the
  problem?" 
"I am afraid that Miss Charlotte has failed her afternoon panty test Mr Campbell." 
"Is that right." He phrased these words as a statement, not as a question. 
"Yes sir, we were in the rumpus room and Charlotte refused to play with the
  dolls that you have so kindly provided her. I corrected her, and when I checked
  her panties just now I found them to be quite damp." The deceitful maid never
  even blinked as she repeated these blatant falsehoods back to her employer.  
"Well Charlotte &ndash; what do you have to say for yourself?" 
"I didn't. She's lying!" The young girl spat back.  
"These are serious charges Charlotte, Madeline has been my faithful servant
  and companion for many years. Do you think she would make up something like
  this? I hope you have proof young lady. Pull up your dress now!" 
"But&hellip; no, I don't mean I didn't, I did, but she made me..." Charlotte's
  flustered defence collapsed. 
"Well, pull up your dress Charlotte." 
The young girl slowly lifted up her skirts, and then began pleading with
  Mr Campbell again as it became abundantly clear that Charlotte's love heart
  panties were indeed very damp.  
"Mr Campbell, it didn't happen like Madeline said. I mean she did spank me,
  but this didn't happen then &ndash; she did it to me when she checked my panties." 
"Enough! I will hear no more of these outrageous accusations Charlotte. No!" He
  cut Charlotte off as she opened her mouth to protest again. "Charlotte, if
  I hear one more word from you on this subject you will get a black spot for
  every fibbing word that comes out of your mouth. Do I make myself clear?" 
Charlotte thought for a few seconds. Mr Campbell had already indicated that
  a day in the punishment panties would be her fate if she soiled herself this
  way again, but even a handful of words in her defence at this moment would
  earn her more black spots than she had already accrued in her entire time here
  so far. Feeling that discretion was the better part of valour in this instance
  Charlotte kept her mouth shut and lowered her skirts as Mr Campbell began lecturing
  her.  
"I am very disappointed Charlotte. I thought you understood our position
  on this issue last night. We cannot have you fall into these dirty habits of
  deviancy." He looked her sternly in the eyes as he expressed his dismay. "Now
  - there will be no more discussion &ndash; I will discuss this with you after
  dinner. Do you understand?" 
"Yes Sir." 
"Now take your seat. Madeline, although I no longer feel like eating, is
  our dinner ready?" 
"I will go and check for you Master Campbell." 
With that the duplicitous maid retreated to the kitchen, leaving an upset
  and distraught Charlotte smoothing her skirts and a forbidding Mr Campbell
  sternly considering his charge.  
"I spoke to the hospital today Charlotte." Charlie turned her head immediately
  at the mention of hospital.  
"I am afraid that there is no change in your Father's condition. They tell
  me he may wake at any moment, but that it is equally likely he will never awaken
  again. I am sorry." 
"Can we go and visit him?" She thought that the answer to her question would
  be a resounding no, so she was shocked when he responded: "Well, the summer
  holidays are approaching, I had thought of taking you on a trip somewhere.
  Perhaps we could visit him at some point. But you do know that it won't do
  any good don't you, he's in a coma Charlotte." 
"Some people say that people in comas can still hear things." 
"I have heard that, but I don't know if it's true or not. Charlotte, you
  know it's really not the best idea to get your hopes up, he may be ill for
  a very long time."  
"I know." She resumed smoothing her skirts.  
"Now, I'm not promising that we can see him. It will rely on you behaving
  yourself for the rest of term. I will not be taking with me a recalcitrant
  misbehaving child, and you also must deal with this problem of yours. I expect
  you to work cooperatively with me as we try to cure you of these disgusting
  thoughts." 
"I'll try to be good Mr Campbell," she promised as she considered the floor
  beneath her. 
"I hope so, for your sake." The veiled threat hung over the dining table
  as Bosker and the maid arrived with dinner. Charlotte's teddy bear plate was
  covered with a generous serve of a plain egg and bacon omelette; it was of
  course accompanied by her spill proof fairy-cup full of pineapple juice. She
  deliberately nursed the drink, to ensure that some remained at the end of dinner.
  Despite the afternoon's desperate events she hadn't forgotten her plan for
  the cup and Mr Campbell's brandy.  
Mr Campbell picked at his food, clearly lacking an appetite for his dinner.
  When Bosker retrieved his plate, half his citrus flavoured chicken breast and
  grilled vegetables remained uneaten. "Was the food unsatisfactory sir?" Bosker
  inquired delicately. 
"No not at all Bosker, tell Cook it was marvellous &ndash; up to her highest
  standards, I'm just not particularly hungry tonight. By the way, Charlotte
  will be waiting on me again tonight; you can have the night off if you like." 
"Thank you sir, I've been meaning to catch that new Harrison Ford movie;
  I think I might go and see it." 
"Excellent, enjoy yourself." Mr Campbell sat pensively, and before not too
  many heartbeats had passed he indicated that he and Charlotte should retire
  to his study/hobby room. Charlotte made sure to take her fairy cup with her,
  and was relieved when no one challenged her on removing it from the table.  
Chapter 19 &ndash; The Teeth of the Predator 
As they passed through the hallways Charlie was reminded of her mother and
  the maid's comments earlier: "Mr Campbell, Madeline said that my mother did
  something bad to you. Can I ask what it was?" 
"I'd rather not talk about it Charlotte." His voice echoed faint memories
  of hurt and pain, but he remained closed lipped. He opened the door to his
  private room ushering Charlotte within. She noticed some subtle changes to
  the room. Firstly he had left the beginnings of a new dress on one of the manikins.
  It was made from a pink material with a delicate pattern of tiny fluttering
  butterflies and hearts. Along the bottom edge of the skirt however was a procession
  little girls circling a maypole. It was far from completed however with the
  bodice providing only a distant hint of the various features that would eventually
  adorn the dress.  
Secondly a lush sheepskin had been laid out on the floor in front of the
  stereo where Charlotte had sat last night. It was clearly brand new and designed
  to provide her with a place to sit in this dark, foreboding room. The final
  change had been the erection of a changing screen. It sat between the work
  area and the stereo and would provide a modicum of modesty to anyone who utilised
  it.  
Mr Campbell walked to his workbench and asked Charlotte to pour him a drink.  
Now was her chance.  
With his back turned Charlotte quickly poured him a glass of brandy from
  the crystal decanter, while he was still rummaging around in a drawer she turned
  her attention to her spill proof fairy cup. She quickly sucked down the dregs
  of the pineapple juice and then carefully, but quickly, poured a small amount
  of brandy into her cup. She needed a lot more, but to take too much now would
  evoke suspicion.  
Her task completed she sat down on the sheepskin and arranged her skirts
  about her, awaiting Mr Campbell. After a couple of minutes he returned to his
  chesterfield with a collection of garments in his hands. He sat down and considered
  Charlotte for a moment.  
"Charlotte, I want you to listen to me carefully for a minute." His voice
  was strict and firm; he was clearly going to say something important. 
"Okay." She responded cautiously.  
"If you remember, you were to be punished last night, however in light of
  our discovering your problem I postponed the carrying out of your penalty.
  I am going to punish you now. In accordance with the rules of the house you
  will submit to the punishment I have determined for you or you will be forced
  to submit and be further punished. Do you understand?" 
"Yes sir" Why was he repeating what she already knew? She began to fear what
  was about to happen.  
"The reason I am reminding you of this is because you are not going to like
  what has been planned for you at all. What I want you to keep in mind is that
  it is for your own good. Do you understand?" 
"Yes" 
"Good, now I want you to come and sit on my lap for a moment while I explain
  how you will atone for your deviant behaviour." 
'What?' she thought, 'he wants me to sit on his lap! Umm&hellip;' Sheepishly
  she climbed up off the sheepskin, and sat herself delicately on the edge of
  his knee. She saw that in his hand he was holding a pair of panties and some
  other objects that she couldn't yet identify.  
"Charlotte, I am proposing a rather radical treatment to help you. Now once
  I've explained this to you, I want you to go behind that screen over there
  and change into the clothes I am about to give you." 
"Okay, but-" 
"No buts - now, these you will be relatively familiar with," he held up a
  pair of blue satin panties. They had been finished with white lace edging all
  the way around the waistband and legs. He continued, "You'll see that I have
  modified the insides as well." With that he revealed the brutal strip of bristles
  in the crotch designed to torment her. She began quivering at the thought of
  the panties and the memories of her last encounter.  
"Unfortunately Charlotte, you have shown that this treatment alone is not
  sufficient. These panties are designed to remind you that you should not be
  letting your body dictate your actions. You have a wonderful mind, and I don't
  want you addling it with ridiculous notions of sex or boys until you are ready
  to marry. Yet despite your punishment the other day you have continued to misbeha-" 
"But-" She tried to turn and face him, he firmly held her still on his knee
  and continued. 
"No interruptions. Therefore you will also be required to wear these for
  the duration tonight. Now I understand that this will be very difficult for
  you&hellip;" He continued talking to her as she stared curiously at the new
  items he was displaying. Two thin white leather belts had been produced. The
  tiny buckles were adjustable and each belt would be around one foot in circumference.
  From each belt hung from one side two tiny springs about five inches apart
  from each other, to these springs were attached some vicious looking clamps.
  She had no idea what these two belts were for until, in horror, she heard him
  explain them in detail.  
"You are to go behind the screen and take off your tights and panties. You
  will replace your tights with these socks," he referred to a pair of white
  ankle length socks with a blue frill. "Then you will put each of these belts
  around the tops of your thighs, taking care to tighten them so that they can't
  budge. Also make sure that these springs are facing in toward each other so
  that they sit inside your thighs. Then you must take these clamps&hellip;" 
She listened in abject horror at what he was proposing&hellip; She would
  be entirely vulnerable &ndash; her outer lips unable to protect her from the
  ministrations of the bristles&hellip; 
He finished explaining her punishment and it seemed as if hours passed to
  Charlotte as she sat there considering what to do next. Finally, her voice
  breaking as she said it, she asked "Mr Campbell &ndash; if I promise to do
  this; wear these horrible things for you, will you do something for me?" 
"Charlotte&hellip;" his voice stern, was indicating that this fate would
  befall her whether she wanted it to or not. 
"No, please Mr Campbell, please listen to me for a second. I'll do all that
  you ask. I'll wear those things, and I will sit here and gladly serve you all
  night. I'll be a good girl and do everything that you need me to do &ndash; but
  can you just do one thing?"  
"I guess that depends on what it is."  
"I know that you have cameras everywhere &ndash; if I promise to go and put
  these things on now and be a perfect girl all night &ndash; will you go and
  look at this afternoon's recording in the rumpus room? Can you please have
  a look at it, because I was telling the truth this afternoon &ndash; I wasn't
  bad, but since you don't believe me can you please just have a look for yourself?" 
Mr Campbell sat there watching Charlotte beg him to do this thing: "Alright
  Charlotte, I will have a look at the footage. But not now, when I have time." 
"Thankyou Mr Campbell." With that she picked up the belts, socks and panties
  and dutifully retreated behind the changing screen. What she was about to do
  to herself horrified her. But she recognised that at least this way she could
  prove her innocence and maybe avoid the additional punishment for her failed
  panty check; she also took solace in the fact that she would endure this punishment
  on her terms, not his, not the maids, not anyone's but hers. She slowly removed
  her shoes, tights and panties; dropping them in a pile on the floor. She delicately
  put on the new socks and made sure that the frills were prominently displayed,
  matching as they did her blue Pooh Bear dress. She buckled her shoes on and
  then considered the objects of torture remaining to put on.  
She unbuckled one belt and wrapped it around the top of her thigh. In order
  to do this she had to sit on the ground because she couldn't manipulate the
  little buckles and hold up all her skirts at the same time. She pulled it tight,
  making sure it couldn't budge up or down, in fact if it did move once it was
  properly put on it would result in far more pain that even its wicked purpose
  demanded. With one belt in place she took its fellow and tightened it around
  her other thigh. With both belts in place she quietly considered the next step. 
Mr Campbell had insisted that she would prove that she had put these things
  on correctly when she emerged, so despite her overwhelming reluctance she grasped
  her left outer labia firmly between two fingers and grasped one of the clamps
  attached by the spring in her other hand. She pulled the powerful spring away
  from the thigh belt until the clamp came in contact with her labia. She opened
  the teethed jaws of the clamp and brought them over the bottom of the lip,
  gently she released the clamp until it began biting deeply into her sex.  
The pain was dreadful, the small teeth, designed in part to prevent slippage,
  also provided for a shocking quantity of pain shooting into her. She gasped
  as she finally left the clamp to its own devices and the spring dragged the
  imprisoned flesh back towards her thigh. Now she took the other clamp on the
  same belt and brought it up to the top of her lip. The spring stretched out
  as she gradually released the second clamp onto her labia. The two clamps now
  pulled her outer lip away from its corresponding inner lip, simultaneously;
  they ensured that the delicate inner membranes of her outer lip were thoroughly
  exposed. One side completed, and now a tear welling up in her eye from the
  pain, she began repeating the process on the other side. With that task completed,
  the other two clamps were painfully arranged, splaying her sex open to the
  world, stretching her apart horrifically.  
Now she contemplated the panties, startled at the pains that shot through
  her as the springs adjusted to her movement, holding her vagina vulnerably
  open and keeping it pulled taut. She began pulling the blue and white lacy
  punishment panties over her shoes and inexorably started their journey up her
  legs toward her thighs. The bristles brushed against her thighs as she pulled
  them up, reminding her of the destiny that awaited her dainty nether regions.
  The waistband finally reached its destination and Charlotte could feel the
  menacing bristles begin to brush against her open exposed flesh. She stood
  there for a few moments. Mr Campbell would check her work; if she hadn't arranged
  the panties properly he would think she was trying to cheat on their deal.  
With a last effort of determination she adjusted each of the leg bands, wincing
  in agony as the harsh, hard bristles finally came into full contact with her
  splayed open vagina. The agony was unbearable; she began sobbing immediately,
  even before she moved a muscle. The bristles ground into her unprotected hole,
  over her exposed clitoris and over the inner membranes of her stretched outer
  lips. The slightest move provoked the forest of sharp torments to graze over
  the delicate skin, evoking everything from mewls to howls of anguish from Charlotte.  
Chapter 20 &ndash; Musical Revelations 
Mr Campbell was sitting in his chair sipping his drink when Charlotte reappeared
  from behind the dressing screen. He looked her over. She had changed out of
  her tights and into the white frilly ankle socks he had provided her with.
  She stood before him as a picture of anguished childlike beauty. The contrast
  was poetic &ndash; the pretty blue dress with its exposed peek-a-boo hem of
  lace and the frolicking Pooh Bear characters were matched with a picture of
  tortured misery on Charlotte's face as she shuffled delicately toward him.
  Each step provoked new and intense pain. Besides the bristles rasping against
  her naked flesh, the spring mounted clamps continued their relentless strain
  on her outer labia. She finally reached Mr Campbell's chair as a tear rolled
  off her cheek and splashed onto the cartoon motif on her ruffled bodice.  
"Turn around please."  
She turned about slowly, facing away from his chair.  
"Bend over and raise your skirts Charlotte. I have to check that you have
  put everything on correctly." With that she gradually bent over, the clamps
  protested against this movement, stretching even further against part of her
  captured skin, while the panties continued their wicked work and sent fresh
  waves of pain through Charlotte's already tender and brutalised crotch. Bending
  at an almost ninety degree angle she raised her skirts to present Mr Campbell
  with an unimpeded view of his handiwork. He examined with reserved interest
  the mixture of satin and lace together with the sadistic clamps biting into
  her plump flesh. The visible flesh indicated that her fragile womanly lips
  were dramatically pulled away from her sex; the rest of her flesh remained
  hidden by her blue satin panties. Checking to make sure she had properly pulled
  the panties all the way up to bring the bristles to rest on their intended
  target, he delicately touched her crotch.  
Charlotte screamed as even the most delicate of touches sent the bristles
  grinding into her virgin hole. "Please don't touch me there! No please!" 
Mr Campbell removed his hand. "Very good Charlotte, I can see you followed
  my instructions perfectly. Now you can take a seat. Shall we spend some time
  talking?" 
Grateful that this humiliating show had finished, she dropped her skirts
  and gingerly made her way to the sheep skin. Lowering herself down was even
  more painful than bending over as the springed clamps readjusted themselves,
  again triggering off the complex interplay between tortured girl-flesh, clamps,
  springs and bristles. 
"Now Charlotte, these panties are designed to to hurt you, yet they are also
  designed to teach you a lesson. I hope by the end of this evening you will
  have learnt it." 
"They just hurt, oh they hurt so much! Please Mr Campbell: I made a mistake,
  can't I please take them off?" 
"I am afraid not. You earned those seven black spots, and you have ruined
  one pair of panties and some pyjamas already, you must pay your for your mistakes." 
"But please - my pussy will be ruined!" 
Mr Campbell responded immediately, sternly reprimanding her: "Charlotte!
  I will not hear that disgusting word from your mouth ever again!"  
He continued on: "I can reassure you that though while sharp and harsh; those
  bristles will not do any permanent damage. You may be sore for a few days,
  but you will not be 'ruined' as you so eloquently put it. They are merely scouring
  away your perverse thoughts and training you to consider carefully how you
  should use your body. This is nothing compared with dying from some insidious
  sexually transmitted disease you may pick up if you don't change your ways." 
"You try wearing them then!" She started sobbing loudly, a long heaving cry
  that threatened to become something even deeper.  
Mr Campbell leaned forward, considered the sobbing girl on the brink of breaking
  down. Seeing that the ordeal he had imposed on her was maybe harsher than he
  had intended, he slid down the edge of his seat, and gently crawled across
  the floor, coming to kneel next to the blubbing girl.  
"Charlotte my darling, come-on honey, take deep breaths. I'm sorry you have
  to undergo this, but it really is for your benefit." He patted her on the knee
  as he uttered the reassuring words.  
Charlotte looked up at Mr Campbell as she sat wracked with the most unbearable
  pain she had ever encountered. In his eyes she saw compassion and sympathy. "Please
  Mr Campbell, it hurts so much, even if I don't move they grind. Please my pus&hellip; my
  cunny - is in so much pain. Please can't I take them off &ndash; please?" 
He sat there next to her on the floor and considered her request seriously &ndash; agonising
  moments passed; yet for Charlotte the seconds seemed like hours. "No &ndash; I'm
  sorry; you have a lesson to learn Charlotte. But here - I'll try to help you
  through it. They say that music soothes the savage beast&hellip;" He rose to
  his knees and proceeded to shuffle around her, making his way toward the stereo. "That's
  not to say you are a beast or an animal &ndash; no, not at all. What I meant
  was that music has the power to heal - it is such a restorative&hellip; a cure-all
  if you like."  
He began rifling through his record collection, looking for something in
  particular. Charlotte swivelled sensitively around on her sheepskin, encountering
  the unremittent agony imposed by her panties as she did so. Eventually she
  came around to face him while he sought and found the record he was seeking. "This
  is it. One of my favourite pieces."  
He removed the vinyl record from its sleeve and blew across its surface to
  remove the tiny pieces of dust that had accumulated. Charlotte, with tears
  stalled on her cheeks, watched him as he awkwardly hurried to put the record
  on &ndash; it was an uncharacteristic and hasty set of movements, completely
  at odds with his normal precise motions.  
Finally the turntable's arm was lowered and a heavy tenor began to emit from
  the speakers in a language that Charlotte didn't understand.  
"I've never liked opera much&hellip;" Mr Campbell faced the stereo &ndash; away
  from her - talking gently, "until I heard this&hellip; Pavarotti, he's a very
  famous opera singer. This is called 'Nessun Dorma'." The deep penetrating voice
  of the veteran tenor rose and swelled with the music.  
Charlotte listened to the gentle and yet powerful undercurrents of the composition,
  and for a moment her mind was partly dragged away from the painful nightmare
  she was undergoing.  
"It's in Italian, but the translated story is almost as beautiful as the
  music itself." He turned back toward Charlotte and sat at her feet, staring
  her in the eyes as he recounted the tale: "The beautiful, yet cold and heartless
  Princess Turando lures countless young princes to her with the prospect of
  her hand in marriage. Yet to win her, they must answer three riddles. If they
  answer incorrectly, they die..." 
The score began to intensify and the rich voice of Pavarotti underscored
  the deep emotive sentiment of the song. Mr Campbell took a moderate sip of
  his drink before he continued. 
"An unknown Prince, Calaf, answers the questions successfully &ndash; but
  having won the beautiful Princess he asks a riddle of his own: 'Tell me my
  name by morning and at dawn I will die.'"  
Mr Campbell let that utterance hang in the air as the intense voice gained
  further power and passion, "The Princess, unwilling to marry Calaf, decrees
  that until someone learns his name, no-one in the city shall go to sleep. Hence
  the name of the song: Nessun Dorma &ndash; 'None shall sleep tonight'." Pavarotti's
  voice trailed away temporarily and the chorus came to the fore.  
"This is what the Prince sings as he waits for the dawn; wondering if the
  cold hearted princess will find out his name and have him killed, or whether
  she will become his."  
The chorus retreated and Pavarotti's tenor returned with a vengeance approaching
  the inevitable crescendo: "Yet many people in the town know the Prince's name,
  so it becomes clear that the prince has set an intricate test of his own for
  the Princess. He refuses to take Turando unwillingly because he wants her to
  love him in return. So knowing full well that she will discover his name, he
  waits to see whether she will have him killed or marry him out of true love."  
Charlotte listened intently to Mr Campbell, the pain in her crotch temporarily
  diminished as she fixated herself on the churning feelings that the music aroused
  in her.  
Finally the song faded away after reaching its powerful conclusion. Charlotte
  had never been touched by a piece of music so powerful, so sorrowful and so
  complete. Her own worldly pain mingled with the grief and angst of the singer.
  She remained sitting in quiet contemplation on the sheepskin as the orchestra
  faded.  
"What did you think?" He asked sensitively. 
"You can hear his pain &ndash; you can hear the doubt he feels, will she
  love him or not? You feel as if you're there, sharing in his wait. Will she
  take him or not? It's so sad, and yet hopeful." 
"Yes it is &ndash; have you never heard it before?" He inquired. Charlotte's
  pain had become a shadow of its former self &ndash; the music had swept her
  up in its emotion, carrying her along and taking her on a profound journey. 
"No not all of it, but I think I've heard that last part in a television
  ad before." He drank a further slug of the brandy whilst she answered him.  
"I sometimes wonder at your generation &ndash; I try to listen to the music
  you follow and really wonder where the passion is." He had lifted the turntable's
  arm and began rummaging back through his record collection. "All I hear is
  aggression, or hate, or the crudest expressions of lust. There's no romance,
  no mystery in it &ndash; no beauty. 
"And in contrast&hellip;" he placed a new record on the turntable, and a
  melodic rhythm and blues track started. 
Charlotte noticed that Mr Campbell was quickly working his way to the bottom
  of his brandy glass. Thinking about supplementing the meagre supply she had
  already skimmed from the decanter, she offered to fetch him a drink.  
"Actually, that would be very nice, thankyou Charlotte." 
Charlotte took his glass from him while he remained settled next to the sheepskin.
  She slowly took to her feet as she attempted to minimize the renewed and excruciating
  pain inflicted on her by the panties.  
As the rhythm and blues tune continued, Mr Campbell continued is critique
  of modern youth culture. "Your generation is blunt and unsophisticated, it
  seems almost a reversion to barbarism." He looked despairingly toward the closed
  window as Charlotte struggled to reach the small table, hobbled as she was
  by the effort to curtail the incredible pain that had been newly set off.  
She interposed herself in front of the decanter and managed to refill his
  glass while adding a bit more brandy to her toddler-style safety cup. 'At this
  rate I'm going to need a week of nights like these to collect enough of the
  stuff &ndash; there has to be a better way to do this.' 
Finished with her clandestine siphoning operation, the brutalised girl returned
  to the sheepskin and handed Mr Campbell his glass before gradually lowering
  herself back to the floor. Despite her careful and delicate descent, the bristles
  viciously stabbed into her unprotected groin. Further tears welled in her eyes
  as she gasped in discomfort.  
Having resumed her seat on the sheepskin Mr Campbell resumed sipping his
  drink. His eyes had begun to glaze over and Charlotte realised that he was
  beginning to exhibit signs of tipsiness. 'Well after three glasses of straight
  brandy, I'm not surprised.' She thought to herself.  
"You're being very brave you know." Mr Campbell expressed in a most sympathetic
  tone.  
"Thankyou sir, I'm trying very hard." 
"Does it hurt much?" 
"It hurts very much Mr Campbell. But your music helps me take my mind of
  the pain." She told the truth to him at this moment; focussing on the rising
  and undulating melody of the music did help her ignore the worst excesses of
  the clamps and bristles.  
"I think you're very brave Charlotte." 
"Yes Mr Campbell, thankyou." She deliberately ignored the fact he had repeated
  himself only moments earlier, perhaps he really was starting to feel the effects
  of the brandy. In that case, it would be much easier to steal more of the spirit
  from the decanter. An alternate thought process also suggested that maybe she
  should explore his relationship with her long dead mother.  
"Mr Campbell? Why did Janine leave you?" She referred to her mother by her
  first name, hoping that it might evoke a more meaningful response than her
  previous attempts. She had also taken a guess in assuming that Mr Campbell
  and her mother had been together. It wasn't a huge guess, the mere existence
  of the portrait, the maid's comments and his limited answers to her questioning
  all indicated that at some point in his past he and her mother had been an
  item.  
"Well, that was a long time ago &ndash; she was beautiful, the best looking
  lass in college. Impeccable dress sense, confident, lovely. She was the pinnacle
  of everything great and beautiful about womanhood&hellip; 
  
"Don't know why she liked me. I was a bit shy you know, I used to get nervous
  in crowds and at parties, certainly doesn't make it easy to meet people. But
  she liked me. We dated, went to movies, parties together, even arranged our
  lecture timetables so that we could spend more time together.  
"But it ended, it all ended&hellip; eventually&hellip;" He looked down into
  his glass, clearly 'tired and emotional'. Charlotte decided that she'd pried
  enough for one night and sat quietly on her sheepskin waiting for him to speak
  again.  
He didn't. Minutes passed and he merely listened to the music with his eyes
  closed, occasionally opening them to take another sip of his drink. Charlotte
  watched with interest as he further worked his way down to the bottom of the
  glass, at which time she offered to refill it for him.  
He considered her for a few moments, as if he'd forgotten she was even in
  the room, eventually he proffered the empty glass. Charlotte slowly and painfully
  made her way to the decanter where she decided to take a chance and completely
  fill her fairy cup. With him in this state he was unlikely to notice her taking
  the brandy, more importantly she thought to herself, he was unlikely to question
  how much was gone when he woke up with a massive hangover tomorrow.  
Just as midnight approached Mr Campbell decided that it was time 'to retire'.
  He staggered to his feet before offering Charlotte a rubbery hand up off the
  floor. Despite his obvious inebriation he remembered to show Charlotte back
  to her suite. Charlotte was grateful that his drunken state prevented him from
  walking too quickly toward their destination. Effectively hobbled by the insidious
  pain that resulted each time she took too large a step, she was forced to slowly
  sidle after the intoxicated tailor.  
When they reached her rooms, he stood outside her door swaying gently, his
  words slightly slurred. "Good night Charlotte, sleep well my darling." With
  that he leant in toward her and kissed her gently on the forehead. She stepped
  back, partly shocked at his behaviour, but thinking that she was a little closer
  to understanding this complex and multi faceted man. Gripping tightly to her
  little fairy cup that currently smelt similar to Mr Campbell's breath, she
  ventured into her room to find a hiding place for the highly flammable brandy.
  But first, she would take off the gruesome clamps and panties&hellip;  
Chapter 21 &ndash; Dreams and Accidents 
Charlotte found removing the clamps and panties incredibly difficult. On
  entering her bedroom she had placed her fairy cup full of brandy in a corner
  out of sight of the security camera and hastily pulled the sadistic panties
  down. She uttered a sigh of relief as the bristles ceased their inhuman abuse
  of her inflamed and raw vagina.  
After hours from suffering the spiky ministrations of the panties, her crotch
  felt as if it had been rubbed raw. She ignored an urge to look at her genitals
  in the mirror, imagining that her labia must appear inflamed, scraped and tortured.  
The panties discarded into a corner of the room, she lay down on her bed
  and slowly removed the first clamp that entrapped her outer labia. She immediately
  regretted taking the slow approach as the blood flow returned to the tormented
  flesh and her agony blossomed ten fold. She bit back a squeal and quickly dealt
  with the remaining teethed clamps. Having removed the clamps she laid back
  on the bed, her skirts still gathered about her waist as she tried to will
  away the ever-present, but thankfully diminishing pain.  
Slowly she reached down and gently felt about her crotch, dreading that she
  would find herself permanently damaged despite Mr Campbell's reassurances.
  Her gentle probing fingers relayed their findings: the constant strain of the
  springs on her nether lips had stretched them brutally, but already the pliant
  flesh was contracting back to its normal state. The sharp teeth of the clamps
  had left wicked indentations on her skin, but again the severe evidence of
  her punishment would likely fade with time.  
Further probing revealed that she was terribly tender, but otherwise unhurt.
  Suddenly, with her hand brushing over her inner core she felt fluid &ndash; shocked
  and alarmed at the possibility that she was bleeding she immediately withdrew
  her hand to investigate the liquid. Her closer examination appalled her.  
Not blood, but warm, clear fluid. 
She wished it had been blood.  
Thinking back through the evening she failed to remember being aroused, she
  remembered the pain of the panties, the humiliation of having to bend over
  in front of Mr Campbell to be inspected, the fear she had felt as she covertly
  smuggled brandy out of the decanter, her growing anxiety as the night had progressed
  along with Mr Campbell's drunkenness; at no stage could she consciously remember
  feeling the familiar flutter of butterflies.  
She lay on her bed: ashamed, feeling dirty. 'How? Why?' She asked herself.  
A feeling of spiralling despair wracked her mind as she considered just what
  sort of dirty, filthy girl would be inadvertently stimulated by the punishment
  that had been inflicted on her.  
Visions of spanking and dreams of incarceration were one thing; but this
  episode spoke of a deeper malaise, a darker side to her emergent sexuality
  that confused and appalled her. Unsure of how to react to her discovery, Charlotte
  took stock of her circumstances. 
Here she was lying on her quaint little bed, her blue Pooh Bear dress pulled
  up to her waist, her clean-shaven naked vagina clearly displayed, and her hand
  covered in the glistening proof of her body's treachery for all to see&hellip; including
  Mr Campbell's camera.  
Panic struck.  
Hurriedly she pulled her skirts down and rolled off her bed, racing to retrieve
  the punishment panties from the corner into which she had thrown them. How
  could she have been so stupid! 
She withdrew to the bathroom to check the crotch of the panties; luckily
  she found no telltale marks on them. To make doubly sure however, she turned
  the tap on in the basin and carefully washed the bristles to remove any remaining
  residue. Her task complete she shoved the infernal blue and white knickers
  into the laundry chute. Next she stripped off her dress, socks and shoes and
  began running the shower. Hurriedly combing out her hair she stepped into the
  shower to wash away the far more incriminating evidence between her legs.  
Thoughts charged through her mind as she rinsed away her sins, would Mr Campbell
  watch the tape? Did he review her every move &ndash; or did some of the footage
  that was captured escape his notice? In his near-comatose state it would be
  highly unlikely that he had been watching her on the bed just now.  
Maybe he wouldn't ever see what had just happened. She desperately hoped
  so. 
Now clean, Charlotte wrapped herself in a newly laundered fluffy towel and
  moved back into the bedroom. Quietly she retrieved the fairy cup and looked
  about the room. Studying the camera's orientation, she noted that there were
  no hiding places in the room that weren't in the camera's line of sight. She
  would have to hide it in plain sight or conceal it somehow. Her gaze ran over
  her desk and to her copy of "The Adventures of Isabelle". Keeping the cup out
  of the cameras sight she moved to the desk and pulled the book out of its niche.
  Taking particular care to make sure her body was blocking the camera's view
  she pushed the brandy filled receptacle into the book's niche before carefully
  returning the book to its place, effectively hiding the cup from sight.  
Her clandestine tasks completed, Charlotte returned to her bed to get changed
  for bed. Her ballerina sleeper sat on the bedside table and she cringed as
  she unzipped the pink flannelette pyjamas and pushed her feet into the enclosed
  booties before zipping herself into the infantile clothing.  
--- 
She stood naked in a huge shifting room; everything appeared to be twice
    the size that it should have been. She was late &ndash; she knew that, but
    for what she couldn't remember. She was supposed to get dressed first &ndash; but
    where were her clothes? He would be angry if she didn't hurry up.  
Where were they? Panic welled up inside her; she looked all around the
    constantly morphing and shadowy room looking for something, anything to put
    on to cover her naked body.  
 
He was waiting for her&hellip; 
 
He would be mad&hellip; 
 
Increasingly frantic she searched every corner of the big room &ndash; there
    had to be something to wear, where had she put her clothes? What would He
    do to her if she were late? Would she have to go to Him un-clothed? 
 
Just as her fear reached a crescendo she noticed that they had been here
    all the time &ndash; right in front of her. There it was, her favourite party
    dress &ndash; He liked that one. Suddenly she was wearing it and He was there.
    Tall, handsome, strong, she felt Him in the room. 
 
Now she was walking through a long hallway hand-in-hand with Him, they
    were going somewhere, He had told her it was a special place that she would
    like a lot. She skipped along happy in the knowledge that He was here with
    her.  
 
Up the stairs they climbed, they seemed to go on forever, around and around
    and around in a spiral they climbed. It got darker, she felt scared but He
    held her hand to reassure her.  
 
There was a door &ndash; a big wooden door that loomed far above her,
    she couldn't reach the doorknob &ndash; but He could. He opened the door
    and she looked in. Suddenly she was pushed into the cold stone room and she
    stumbled to her knees.  
 
He stood above her, slamming the door behind her. "You shall never escape &ndash; never!" Now
    He was terrible and dark, shadows loomed behind him, threatening and ominous.  
 
She was chained, dangling from the ceiling in the cold stone tower. He
    stood in front of her as she begged for Him to let her go.  
 
"No &ndash; I will have you, I will always have you. You are mine forever..." She
    closed her eyes as she felt Him lift her skirts, his hard-harsh hand on her
    inner thigh. She knew that the whip would soon embrace her body. It's cruel
    tongue wrapping around her imprisoned straining body&hellip; 
 
--- 
"Charlotte&hellip; Charlotte, Miss Charlotte, wake up please." Bosker, the
  butler was gently shaking the sleeping girl as she lay hugging one of her pillows.
  The sun had risen and was shining brightly through the window above her bed.
  She stirred slowly as she was an unusually heavy sleeper: "What&hellip; what,
  I'm asleep, go away: sleeping." 
"Miss Charlotte, you have to wake up, the Master would like to see you in
  the dining room immediately." Bosker gently continued to try and rouse her
  from her deep slumber. 
" - sleeping, I'll get up soon, just five more minutes." She rolled onto
  her other side, dragging her pillow with her, one pink sleeper clad leg wrapped
  around the frilled pillow.  
"No I'm sorry Miss Charlotte, right now; Master Campbell must leave for work
  and requires your presence immediately."  
"Oh! I just want to sleep &ndash; can't you leave me alone&hellip;" Had her
  father been there he would have attested to the fact that Charlie was one of
  the crankiest, grumpiest morning people in existence. He regularly had to wake
  her up four or five times before she eventually dragged herself out of bed,
  particularly if she had been up late watching sport. Not helping this particular
  morning was the fact that she hadn't gotten to bed until just after midnight
  last night. She was accustomed to at least eight hours sleep, and had barely
  managed five.  
"Now Charlotte, I'm sorry you have to get up now, but I really don't want
  to have to give you a black spot&hellip;" 
"Alright, alright, alright, I'm getting up&hellip; in a minute." 
"No. Now." 
"OK!" She swung her legs over the side of the bed and sat up. Evil hair fairies
  had assaulted her during the night and part of her long shock of dark brown
  hair was stuck to the side of her face. She sat on the edge of her bed rubbing
  the sleep out of her eyes. Slowly she took in her surroundings, slowly emerging
  from her deep sleep.  
She stood groggily and started toward the shower. Her inner thighs felt&hellip; sticky. 
"There's no time for that now Miss Charlotte. You can shower after you see
  Master Campbell &ndash; he needs to leave very soon." 
"Why now? Can't it wait till tonight?" She asked carefully, even in her sleepy
  fog-like state she realised that she had to wash herself down below before
  being presented to Mr Campbell.  
"Apparently not, he was quite insistent, come along." 
As the Butler turned his back to lead her from the room Charlotte looked
  down to see whether her body's betrayal was visible&hellip; to her infinite
  horror, it was.  
She tried to will her sleep clogged brain into motion, a ruse was in order,
  just enough to give her time to clean herself up.  
"At least let me go to the potty please Bosker, I'm busting&hellip;" She
  crossed her legs and thrust her hand in between her thighs, indicating that
  she very much needed to go to the toilet, right now.  
"Alright, but hurry up, I'll be waiting in the hallway." 
Charlotte worked quickly; she pulled her sleeper down around her thighs and
  sat on the toilet. Taking handfuls of toilet paper she hurriedly cleaned away
  her nightly emissions. She met difficulties however in removing the small wet
  patch on her pyjama's crotch. Remembering that Mr Campbell had promised her
  a full day in the punishment panties if she soiled herself again, she tried
  desperately to think of a way to camouflage herself.  
She didn't have time to change; Bosker was already knocking politely on the
  door asking her to hurry up. Suddenly a haze-induced thought occurred to her.
  She couldn't remove the stain, so she'd cover it up. She flushed the toilet
  and began running the tap, she scooped handfuls of water onto the crotch of
  her sleeper, successfully ridding the pyjamas of the small stain but soaking
  the entire crotch area. In her sleep-deprived state she figured that it was
  better to pretend to have suffered an "accident" than to have soiled her panties
  during the night and face the entire day being assaulted by the punishment
  bra and panties.  
Her pitiable cover-up completed she pulled the sleeper back on and opened
  the door shyly to the aging Butler. Bosker immediately looked down at the bashful
  Charlotte: "What happened here?" He asked.  
"I had an accident, I couldn't get my jim-jams off quick enough. Can I please
  change?" 
"No time for that Miss Charlotte, Mr Campbell will have to deal with this."  
With that Bosker led Charlotte, still dressed in her cute little pink ballerina
  sleeper, now complete with soaked crotch, toward the dining room. She was in
  the middle of a long powerful yawn when she entered to find Mr Campbell standing
  at one of the windows, gazing out over the bustling early morning city. He
  had apparently just finished breakfast, with his steaming coffee cup half-full
  and the remains of some bacon and eggs evident on a plate at the glass-topped
  table. The maid waited on him near the door to the kitchen area and she failed
  to hide a smirk as Charlotte, her hair askew and her mouth wide open in the
  midst of a gigantic yawn, entered the room.  
"Good Morning Charl- What have you done to yourself?" He asked incredulously
  pointing toward the vast wet crotch on her pink sleeper.  
"I couldn't get my Jammies off quickly enough when I went to the potty this
  morning&hellip;" She stared down at her feet, avoiding Mr Campbell's piercing
  gaze.  
"Well &ndash; this is entirely unexpected. Have you had this problem before
  Charlotte?" 
"No sir, not since I was little." She kept on looking at her pink flannelette
  clad feet, her plan seemed to be working - he'd taken her ruse in hook, line
  and sinker.  
"Well, this is indeed unfortunate. Are you feeling alright Charlotte, you're
  not sick or anything are you?" His voice was delicate, calming; yet she still
  kept up her pretence of being incredibly embarrassed.  
"No sir, I feel ok. I'm just embarrassed." 
"Hmmm... Well I won't keep you long. I wanted to talk to you about your accumulated
  gold stars. You have a number of stars that have not yet been redeemed; I was
  wondering whether you had any requests, would you like an outing, some more
  jewellery, what would you like?" 
"Actually Mr Campbell I really need a pen, paper and wastebasket in my room
  to do homework for Mistress Heinz." She didn't of course, but Charlotte had
  just worked out how to get another of the ingredients she needed for her escape.  
"Of course, but I would have supplied those anyway if you had asked. Is there
  anything else? A new teddy bear? A pretty party dress?" His eyes lit up with
  the last suggestion, providing Charlotte with a reminder that he had an agenda
  of his own here, for all his talk of her being his responsibility, of looking
  after her, he still wanted to get his own perverse kicks out of her while she
  lived this nightmare.  
"A party dress sounds very nice Mr Campbell," she put on her best grin, "-
  but, it gets very boring in my room by myself &ndash; I thought maybe you could
  get me a cable television?" 
"Sorry Charlotte, no cable. But how about I arrange a DVD player with a TV?
  You will be allowed to select a movie each night to play if you like." 
"Oh - thankyou Mr Campbell." 
"Okay, well that's dealt with. Now I'm a bit concerned over this mornings
  'accident' Charlotte. I'm afraid that I will be cancelling your lessons and
  you will spend the day in the nursery."  
"The nursery Mr Campbell?" She hadn't heard of the nursery before now, what
  the hell was going on here?  
"Yes, perhaps you need some 're-training' in the 'accident' department&hellip; yes,
  I think that is entirely appropriate. Bosker and Madeline: can you arrange
  it please? Let Mistress Heinz know that her services will not be required today.
  Wish her a good weekend and ask for her to return on Monday morning. Hopefully
  by then we will have this small setback ironed out; isn't that right Charlotte?" 
"Sir?" Charlotte looked up at him incredulously. This nursery thing didn't
  sound good. Had she made a miscalculation? She had thought herself so smart
  in avoiding the punishment bra and panties by pretending to have wet herself &ndash; was
  she going to regret her deception? 
Mr Campbell dismissed her and Bosker led her back to her room, only after
  leaving the dining room did she remember that she had forgot to ask Mr Campbell
  whether he'd reviewed the playroom's tape from yesterday.  
Chapter 22 &ndash; Surrender 
She'd showered and dried herself off. Bosker had returned her to her bedroom
  in order to bathe. Meanwhile he had left her there, apparently so he could
  make preparations for her day in "the nursery", whatever that was.  
Charlotte correctly assumed that 'the nursery' wasn't an outdoor retail outlet
  selling tree saplings&hellip; The only other logical alternative disconcerted
  her deeply. The playroom was degrading enough as it was. She had found that
  being forced to play with her doll Cynthia and conduct imaginary tea parties
  was emotionally gruelling and embarrassing. She had begun to dread her daily
  visits to that room and what made her visits there worse was the despicable
  maid's campaign to make her life as miserable as possible.  
The episode on the rocking horse still haunted her.  
So it was with her imagination running wild at what indignities might await
  her when Bosker entered her bedroom with a breakfast tray. Charlotte sat down
  at her desk, clad only in her towel and silently ate her bacon and eggs, together
  with a very tall glass of apple juice.  
When she finished her food Bosker removed the tray from the room and returned
  with Madeline in tow, wheeling in a large covered trolley.  
"What's that?" Charlotte asked innocently.  
"You'll find out soon enough Young Miss, now get on the bed please so we
  can dress you." The newly returned Bosker waved his hand towards Charlotte's
  bed. Warily Charlotte sidled toward the bed, keeping both eyes on the ominous
  butler and maid standing at the trolley.  
She wasn't at all happy about this situation. Yet she was reluctant to resist
  whatever was about to happen, being entirely aware that she would be forced
  to endure whatever was planned whether she resisted or not. Charlotte felt
  completely helpless, deprived of any ability to determine her own fate. She
  wasn't sure what was more galling &ndash; the horrific punishments meted out
  to her or her total inability so far to prevent their occurrence.  
So with great trepidation Charlotte sat down on the bed. "Lie back please
  Charlotte." Bosker requested quietly. Charlotte did as she was told, she lay
  back staring at the ceiling, her towel still wrapped around her.  
She felt something leathery wrap around her ankle, she titled her head up
  only to be told curtly by the maid: "Stop that and lie still!" Her other ankle
  was encased in a similar object and she felt and heard, rather than saw, leather
  restraints being tightened around her ankles.  
Now she did try to sit up as her legs were pulled apart, both the maid and
  the butler had taken one leg each and with panic clasps in each hand, they
  had quickly attached the sturdy leather ankle restraints to a four-foot-long
  spreader bar. Charlotte was now beyond caring about the futility of resistance.
  She yanked her bound feet out of the hands of the servants, finding it impossible
  to close her legs due to the spreader bar. So she began to try and twist about
  on the bed in order to get up onto her knees and regain a semblance of mobility. 
The maid and butler, with practiced and precise movements now pounced on
  the struggling Charlotte. Grabbing one hand each they successfully subdued
  her in seconds, Bosker flipped her about onto her side, and with a knee digging
  into her ribcage rapidly attached leather restraints to Charlotte's wrists.
  He then locked her wrists together behind her back.  
"Charlotte &ndash; it's not a good idea to thrash about like that. You know
  why&hellip;" His voice maintained its perpetual calm as he flipped her back
  onto her back.  
Charlotte was in a state, trussed up like a Christmas turkey, her towel now
  ripped away from her naked body in the struggle. Her widely spread legs made
  it impossible for her to twist her body around, more so now that she had lost
  the ability to leverage herself about with her hands. All she could do now
  was lie on her back; her hands trapped beneath her, and stare at the ceiling.
  Panic swept through her &ndash; she was helpless, as helpless as she had been
  in her dream last night, the dream that had inadvertently led her to this situation. 
Bosker now pulled the spreader bar up from the bed, raising Charlotte's legs
  and naked bottom up off the bed. Charlotte looked on with dismay as Madeline
  walked toward the bed with a pile of folded white towelling brought from the
  trolley. Bosker raised the bar further, lifting Charlotte's hips up from the
  bed while Madeline unfolded the triangular cloth diaper under her bottom. 
"Little Charlotte needs some potty training does she?" The spiteful maid
  asked tauntingly.  
The maid now brought the bottom corner of the cloth up between Charlotte's
  legs together with the other two corners just under her belly button. Then
  after fastening the diaper together with a series of large safety pins, Bosker
  released the spreader bar, dropping Charlotte's legs and bottom back onto the
  bed.  
Bosker now posed an ultimatum, together with an interesting proposal: "Charlotte,
  we can do the next part the hard way or the easy way. It's up to you, but if
  you help us dress you now, we will all forget about your little 'episode' just
  now. Otherwise you will find yourself being punished further tonight &ndash; your
  choice child." 
She'd been put in a diaper! This was just ridiculous! Ribbons were one thing;
  lace, bows, ruffles, her cutlery, the dolls &ndash; she'd put up with all of
  them &ndash; but this was beyond the pale.  
Charlotte felt as if the last shreds of her dignity were being ripped away.
  What made it all the worse was that she considered that she'd brought this
  all on herself &ndash; if only she'd admitted to getting aroused during the
  night she would have avoided this fate. Charlotte started crying softly; angry
  with herself and despondent at her complete helplessness at the hands of Mr
  Campbell's servants. 
"Charlotte &ndash; do we have an answer? Do we have to dress you by ourselves
  or are you going to be a good little girl and help us?" Bosker asked again.  
"I'll help" Charlotte murmured almost silently.  
Bosker smiled, and ruffled Charlotte's hair playfully: "That's a good girl." 
Bosker began releasing Charlotte's ankles and wrists while the maid began
  taking Charlotte's clothes out of the trolley and placing them on the bed.
  First came the frilly white ankle socks.  
Charlotte by this stage had been released from her temporary bondage and
  sat on the edge of the bed in her cloth diaper. She unrolled the socks from
  their ball and began pulling them on.  
The maid laid out a plain blue dress, plain by Mr Campbell's standards at
  least. It was made from a pale blue material patterned alternately with red
  stars and small portraits of Raggedy Ann and Andy framed in love hearts. The
  hem was frilled about the edge with two inches of delicate white lace. The
  sleeves were puffy and buttoned, and the Peter Pan collar was trimmed with
  red piping. Charlotte noted that the waist of this dress was substantially
  higher than that of the previous dresses, and had she been an aficionado of
  children's clothing design she would have known that the style was referred
  to as an "empire yoke". The waist would sit just below her budding breasts
  giving her an almost toddler-like look.  
Charlotte pulled the blue dress over her head whilst Bosker zipped her into
  it. Now she discovered the reason for the plainness of the dress as the maid
  produced a full double-sided white pinafore. Covered lightly all over the pinafore
  were tiny little love hearts, whilst skirting the bottom hem were repetitious
  graphics of Raggedy Ann and Andy. Red piping ran along the waist dividing the
  bodice from the skirts of the pinafore and two red satin bows sat on either
  side along the waist. The scalloped neck of the pinafore sat above the main
  motif on the bodice. Running horizontally across her bust was a red banner,
  across which was written on the left of a large picture of Raggedy Ann and
  Andy happily linking arms, "Things are sweeter" and to the right "when shared". 
The pinafore buttoned up at the back with darling little red love heart buttons.
  Charlotte stood in the centre of the room as Bosker buttoned her up. Now came
  her panties.  
They were bulkier than usual, to accommodate her bulky diaper Charlotte wryly
  noted. Made of pink satin, the entire bottom was covered in ruffles whilst
  the front was plain satin. White lace decorated the edges of the tightly elasticised
  leg holes. What piqued Charlotte's interest however were the two steel chains
  emerging from the back of the waistband.  
On receiving the panties from Madeline she also noticed that the panties
  were lined in plastic. Charlotte stood looking at the panties for a few seconds
  before Madeline chivvied her on. Charlotte acquiesced by pulling the plastic
  lined panties up her legs and over her diaper. 
Bosker now grasped Charlotte by the hips, spun her about delicately and lifted
  her skirts. He drew the chain that ran through the waistband of the satin and
  plastic panties tight about her waist before slipping a padlock through two
  links of the chain and locking it securely. Charlotte was now entirely unable
  to remove either the panties or the cloth diaper beneath until the key to the
  locked chain was produced.  
The maid had now brushed Charlotte's hair back into a single pigtail and
  tied a blue and white-laced bonnet under Charlotte's chin. Finally she was
  made to don her black Mary Janes and was lead to the hallway to experience
  whatever trials awaited her in the nursery.  
Chapter 23 &ndash; In The Play Pen 
It had been the only door in her hallway she had not seen behind, and now
  the room behind it was revealed to her.  
The entire room was painted pink; that was the first thing that struck Charlotte.
  The second was that the centre of the room was sunken. Well, sunken wasn't
  quite right either.  
Running in a circle around the centre of the room was a wooden bar fence,
  similar to play pens that Charlotte had seen in friend's houses who had younger
  brothers or sisters. Inside the pen the floor level dropped so that a fully-grown
  adult could stand in the pen and be entirely unable to reach the top of the
  fence. Strewn across the floor of the depressed pen were rattles, plastic blocks
  and a variety of other toddler's toys. Charlotte also noted that someone had
  been "kind" enough to deposit Cynthia, her newly adopted doll, in the pen.  
Against one of the walls stood a white oversized cot, complete with wooden
  rails. A whitewashed antique rocking chair sat in another corner next to a
  large bay window that shed copious amounts of natural light into the room.
  A series of shelves set into another of the walls held a variety of dolls,
  toys and children's books containing bright pictures and super sized lettering
  that told stories about dogs called spot and girl's with single syllable names.  
Madeline ushered the coy Charlotte into the nursery before locking the door
  behind the two of them. The young girl stood sheepishly just inside the room,
  scanning the contents and layout as the maid grasped her by the elbow and pushed
  her toward the playpen in the centre of the room.  
"You don't want me to go down there do you?" Charlotte pleaded &ndash; already
  knowing the answer to the question.  
"You know what my mother always said? 'Children should be seen but not heard.'" In
  rapid succession one of the maid's arms took Charlotte into a firm headlock
  while her other hand shoved a large plastic pacifier into the young girl's
  surprised mouth. Taken off balance by the sudden assault, Charlotte failed
  to put up much resistance as the maid fastened the pink pacifier's clear-plastic
  straps behind Charlotte's head.  
Released from the headlock Charlottes fingers flew to the back of her neck,
  where she found that the pacifier/gag's clasp contained a small lock.  
The supple plastic bulb in her mouth irritated her &ndash; she had never
  sucked her thumb, even while still in the womb. Her father had said that even
  the ultrasounds had never showed her sucking her thumb. As she was so unused
  to having a foreign object lodged in her mouth she wanted it out now. She soon
  found however, that no amount of prising or playing with the lock helped her.  
The maid stood-by, watching with amusement while Charlotte moaned through
  the pacifier. Frustrated beyond belief Charlotte turned to the maid with a
  pleading look in her eyes. Muffled sounds came from her mouth; however none
  were distinguishable. Charlotte pointed to the pacifier with its quaint pink
  plastic handle sticking out from her mouth.  
"Does baby want to play? Is that what she wants?" The maid adopted a higher-pitched
  cooing tone of voice as she took Charlotte by the elbow and led her to the
  playpen's gate. Charlotte's incomprehensible mewling continued as the maid
  opened the gate and pushed her in. The young girl stumbled and fell as she
  dropped the three feet onto the padded floor of the playpen. She turned her
  head back to see the maid locking the gate, leaving her trapped behind the
  wooden bars.  
"Why doesn't baby play for a while, Aunty Madeline will be back soon." The
  maid now departed from the room, closing the door behind her and presumably
  locking it.  
Charlotte, on her hands and knees in the centre of the playpen, began crying
  behind her pink plastic pacifier.  
---- 
She'd tried jumping up to grab the top of the pen's wooden bars without success.
  They were simply too tall for her to reach even if she tried jumping at full
  stretch. The gate to the pen wouldn't budge an inch, she knew because she had
  tried for ten minutes to coax, cajole and finally use brute strength to force
  the door open, without success.  
Likewise her personal bondage was equally immovable. If she'd had some scissors,
  or any object that she might use for leverage, she might have been able to
  snap the durable plastic straps that kept her pacifier/gag firmly in place.
  As it was all she had in the playpen was her doll Cynthia, a few rattles and
  some plastic bricks. The rubbery bulb sitting on her tongue forced her to breath
  through her nose &ndash; and more annoyingly swallow regularly, which to a
  casual observer gave her the appearance of sucking on the over-sized pacifier.  
The chain around her waist wouldn't budge an inch either, keeping her locked
  inside the plastic pants and diaper. This in itself was starting to worry her &ndash; she
  now wished that she hadn't drunk all her apple juice at breakfast, she doubly
  wished that she'd relieved herself before being dressed up like this. 
It was paradoxically cruel. If she had been dressed normally she was sure
  that she wouldn't even be thinking about going to the toilet yet. But simply
  due to the presence of the diaper her thoughts kept returning to how much she'd
  drunk, when she'd last gone to the toilet and how long she could hold off if
  necessary. These thoughts didn't help matters at all and Charlotte could already
  imagine feeling a building pressure in her bladder.  
Unable to escape the pen, unable to get out of her diaper or rid herself
  of the pacifier, Charlotte abandoned her attempts to escape and sat in a corner
  of the circular playpen and began crying softly to herself again. 
---- 
It felt like two or three hours had passed and yet the maid had not yet returned.
  There wasn't a clock in the room so she had no idea of the passage of time.
  The closest approximation she could get was watching the shadows moving across
  the floor that were cast by the bay window. They hadn't moved far, but it felt
  like hours had passed. 
She'd stopped crying, now she was bored. No books to read, no television,
  not even other human company. She'd even picked up one of the plastic blocks
  and started throwing them at Cynthia, pretending that the doll was a basketball
  hoop and the brick a ball. She'd tired of that soon enough though and started
  using one of the rattles like a baseball bat, hitting the plastic blocks across
  the playpen.  
The supple plastic pacifier remained firmly stuck in her mouth, she'd found
  that the most comfortable position for her tongue was wrapped underneath it.
  It still annoyed her, and occasionally she futilely reached up to try and budge
  it without success.  
She tried as hard as she could to keep her mind off going to the toilet,
  but recently she'd found herself squirming about while sitting down to try
  and rid herself of the ever increasing reminder that she would have to go sooner
  rather than later.  
---- 
Still no Madeline, the shadows had moved even further &ndash; surely it was
  lunchtime or something? Charlotte had gotten bored with playing ball with the
  rattle and plastic blocks, now she refocussed herself on trying to get out
  of the pen. 
Jumping up still didn't work; she simply wasn't tall enough to grasp the
  top of the wooden railing. She even tried taking her shoes and socks off to
  try and climb up the bars only to find that the wood was well oiled with furniture
  polish and that she was entirely unable to get even the slightest purchase.
  All she'd got for her trouble was a splinter in her big toe. It had taken her
  a long while to pull it out with nothing but her finger nails to use. Thinking
  the rubber soles of her Mary Janes might provide better grip she put them back
  on to find that they made no noticeable difference.  
Her renewed attempt to escape had been fuelled by two drives &ndash; a wish
  to escape this dead-boring and humiliating enclosure and the second, and most
  overriding concern, the continuing building force downstairs. She'd tried everything
  to try and forget about going to the toilet, but now she was starting to get
  worried, really worried.  
She found herself beginning to alternate between sitting and standing just
  to try and stop the mounting need to let loose her bladder.  
----  
Now she was urgently walking back and forth. The shadows still crept slowly &ndash; it
  had been HOURS! It felt like it should have been nighttime by now, but the
  sun still slowly crept across the floor.  
'Where are you Madeline! Please!" She screamed inside her gag. 'Please come
  back! I'll forgive you for everything! I'll be good! Please just let me go
  to the toilet!' She even tried screaming at the top of her lungs through the
  pink pacifier. A pitiful squeal was all that came out, probably not even audible
  outside the door to the nursery.  
Now she attacked the chain around her waist with a newfound vengeance. At
  one stage she got her pinkie finger just inside the chain &ndash; but she could
  get no further purchase under the chain. She twisted her little finger brutally
  at one point, causing her to reactively pull her finger out, undoing ages of
  hard, yet pointless work.  
Finding the chain an impossible target she moved her attention to the elasticised
  leg holes of her plastic pants. It was a difficult task as she had to sit down
  in order to get a decent angle on the edges. Sitting down didn't help at all,
  further increasing the explosive pressure building up in her tummy. Again she
  was thwarted; Mr Campbell's satin and plastic pants were measured to exact
  proportions. She could barely get two fingers behind into the panties; the
  taut fabric would give no more. Once they were inside she could only just brush
  the cloth diaper that she wore with her fingertips.  
Able to cope no more with the burning stress of sitting down, she got back
  to her feet to resume her pacing. Walking helped. She started trying to think
  of anything else, anything other than the diaper, the apple juice and how much
  she was absolutely dying to go to the toilet.  
Chapter 24 &ndash; The Consequences of Accidents   
'Oh why didn't I go just before they dressed me? Why?' Pacing wasn't working
  very well anymore. Every step made her feel like she could feel her bursting
  bladder bounce up and down inside her. Sitting down wasn't much easier, as
  every time she did the pressure in her tummy reached a crescendo and she felt
  as though she was about to explode.  
She tried crossing her legs while standing up - that helped a little&hellip;  
Charlotte stood to one side of the playpen. Her new Raggedy Ann and Andy
  dress hid from the world her latest cruel humiliation at the hands of Mr Campbell
  and his servants. After faking a toilet 'accident' to cover up for the fact
  she had become aroused during her sleep, Mr Campbell had ordered her to spend
  a day in the nursery. A day in the nursery had entailed being put in a secure
  diaper that had been solidly chained around her waist. The maid had added insult
  to injury by adding her own little twist to the torment; she had gagged Charlotte
  with an oversized pacifier.  
Stuck in the playpen she had tried her hardest to ignore the growing need
  to go to the bathroom, but the constant reminder of the cloth nappy chafing
  between her legs and the crinkling plastic panties kept bringing her thoughts
  back to her bodily functions.  
It was now impossible to ignore the burning in her bladder. She'd tried sitting,
  standing up, and pacing back and forth &ndash; none seemed to be abating the
  near explosive pressure in her crotch. Charlotte was feeling desperate now.
  Any minute she would have to face up to the inevitable, any minute, she couldn't
  hold on much longer she knew.  
The door to the nursery opened and Madeline walked in with a tray containing
  some sandwiches and drinks. She closed the door behind her and began walking
  around the play pen toward the bay window and the rocking chair.  
Charlotte started screaming from behind her pacifier, the words were indecipherable
  to all except Charlotte herself 'Please Madeline, please let me out, I'll do
  anything, please!"  
The maid put the lunch tray down and considered the screaming girl in the
  play pen. Tears flowing down her cheeks she was standing pigeon toed with her
  knees pointing in toward each other and her hand thrust into her crotch.  
"What's wrong with baby Charlotte?" The maid used her highly condescending
  voice as she took a baby bottle from the lunch tray, and stood leaning over
  the playpen's railing.  
Charlotte was at breaking point, she couldn't hold on much longer, the relentless
  throbbing in her bladder was painful. She was crying softly behind her gag
  as the maid looked down on her. Charlotte squeezed her thighs tightly together
  and closed her eyes shut tightly focussing every ounce of will and effort she
  possessed to prevent the inevitable.  
In shock she jumped as something warm squirted into her face. Her eyes flew
  open to see the maid smirking evilly as she squirted juice from the baby bottle
  at Charlotte.  
"Does little Charlotte want some drinkies?" Charlotte threw her hands up
  to protect her face from the warm juice.  
'NO! NO I CAN'T!' The juice hitting her face had the same effect as if she
  had been forced to watch a waterfall or listen to the breaking waves of the
  ocean. The juice switched on an irresistible urge to give into the inescapable
  screams from her bladder. 'NO! DON'T DO IT. BE STRONG&hellip; PLEASE!' The
  maid squirted more splashes at Charlotte as she felt the first small trickle
  emit from inside her.  
"Would you like some more pineapple juice baby Charlotte?" More squirts into
  Charlotte's face.  
Charlotte redoubled her efforts to clench her thighs together, trying to
  ignore the juice splashing into her face. She thrust her hands back into her
  crotch and crossed her legs, but it wasn't enough. The hours of building pressure
  finally took their toll. The first trickle now turned into a spurt as the warm
  liquid seeped out of her and into the diaper, the spurt transformed into a
  gush as she thoroughly wet herself.  
Charlotte cried out loud from behind the pacifier, the maid looked on with
  malevolent fascination as the young girl finally succumbed to her undeniable
  need to relieve herself.  
Charlotte felt more humiliated and debased than at any other time in her
  life. The warm liquid cascaded from her into the cloth diaper, she was now
  completely unable to stop the gushing pee. A few drips where now seeping out
  of the cloth diaper and down her thighs only to be caught in the plastic panties.  
"Oh, poor widdle Charlotte &ndash; have you wet yourself?"  
She didn't even register the maid taunting words. She was locked away her
  own whirling world of despair. She'd wet herself, urinated inside her diaper,
  she'd peed her pants, it was the epitome of degradation for the young girl.  
Somewhere in the dark of her despair, Charlie tried to shift the blame to
  Madeline and Mr Campbell, Charlotte knew better though &ndash; she'd brought
  this on herself, and she'd let herself wet her panties. She was such a bad
  little girl, Mr Campbell would be so cross with her when he found out. Charlie's
  complaints were drowned out in Charlotte's wail of self-castigation.  
"Would you like some lunch Charlotte?" The maid asked quietly.  
Standing in the playpen in her soggy diaper Charlotte looked up slowly barely
  understanding the maid's words. Tears were drying on her cheeks, her eyes dark
  pools of sorrow. The maid repeated her question again, a little slower this
  time. Charlotte nodded.  
The maid walked around to the gate of the playpen and unlocked it. From against
  the wall she produced a small set of wooden stairs which she dropped into the
  playpen so that Charlotte could climb out. She slowly made her way to the stairs
  and ascended them, each step reminded her of her shame as the wet diaper chafed
  between her thighs. A few drops that had escaped the diaper rolled around inside
  the plastic panties taunting her even further.  
The maid led Charlotte to the bay window and before sitting her down, unlocked
  the pacifier, allowing her to communicate with the world again.  
"Can I please change first Madeline?"  
"No, you'll have your lunch first and then you can change."  
----  
She was out of the diaper now. Her relief had been palpable as the chain
  locking the plastic pants and diaper around her waist had been unlocked and
  the sodden cloth had been unpinned and pulled away from her.  
Madeline had returned her to her suite and allowed her to shower. She stood
  beneath the hot pulsing water of the showerhead for an eternity, letting the
  searing water clean her body and soothe her tortured soul.  
Within her mind she stood in the centre of a whirlwind. Events were out of
  her control, and had been since the day she had arrived here. She had thought
  she could control them, had thought she could manufacture a way to escape,
  had thought she could influence or prevent the punishments that had been meted
  out to her.  
She had been wrong.  
In the brutal winds of the whirlwind she caught glimpses of the various forces
  that threatened to engulf her soul. The maid inflicting her unfathomable vengeance
  on her, Bosker's quiet reserve and unshaken loyalty to his master, her plot
  to escape, the stern Mistress Heinz and her relentless lessons, and finally
  the enigmatic Mr Campbell.  
She had been so na&iuml;ve. She couldn't even remember how long she had been
  in the apartment. How many days? Was it three or four, or even five? It felt
  like it had been a month &ndash; but she knew logically that it wasn't. She
  tried to count back to figure out just how long she had been here. As a reference
  she thought back through the various encounters she had faced &ndash; when
  had the painful pony ride happened? Had that been one or two days after she
  arrived? The drunken evening with Mr Campbell had been last night &ndash; but
  what had happened the evening before? She couldn't remember. Everything had
  been a whirlwind.  
She couldn't get her thoughts straight enough to even work out something
  so simple as how long she had been here.  
Why was she here? At first she had thought that Mr Campbell was some type
  of pervert, a psychopath or something equally nefarious. Now she wasn't sure &ndash; he'd
  had ample opportunity to take advantage of her, and yet he hadn't. Why? Did
  her long dead mother somehow fit into all of this somehow?  
And how did this all explain Madeline's continuing persecution of her? What
  did her mother have to do with why Madeline hated her so much?  
Did Mr Campbell truly have her interests at heart? Was what he was doing
  really designed to help her somehow? Did he truly believe that this program
  of humiliation would turn her into something better than who she was? Why?  
These questions cascaded through her as the whirlwind in her head roared
  and the shower's water rushed soothingly over her.  
Who really was she though?  
Who was this girl that got wet when she was spanked?  
Who was she when she dreamed about being dominated by the shadowy man who
  stalked her dreams &ndash; the bizarre mental combination of Kyle and Mr Campbell?  
Who was this girl who secretly hoped in the middle of a spanking that the
  pounding blows would go on forever and send her into a frantic spasm of pain
  and pleasure?  
Why did she feel relieved &ndash; no; happy &ndash; no; they weren't the
  right words. Why did she feel CONTENT in her degradation when she had wet herself
  just before? Why had she sat on the bay window in her wet nappy eating her
  lunch feeling dejected, humiliated and degraded, while at the same time a warm
  feeling of arousal had spread through her stomach and thighs?  
Why had the butterflies begun fluttering their wings in the depths of her
  belly when she had been so irrefutably debased?  
Who was she now? She wasn't the Charlie she remembered, Charlie would have
  been kicking and screaming today &ndash; she would have thumped the maid any
  number of times. She  hadn't though.  
She wasn't the paragon of feminine virtue that Mr Campbell wanted her to
  be either. That idealistic little girl wouldn't have ended up in the diaper
  today. She would have woken up fresh and bouncy this morning with no hint of
  nocturnal arousal. She wouldn't have had to face the ongoing humiliation of
  the panty checks, or the frequent spankings. She would play with her dolls,
  do her homework on time, and avidly obey Mr Campbell and the servants. She
  wouldn't ever have needed to be punished.  
Instead she was something else. A series of words came to her.  
Prostitute.  
Whore.  
Slut.  
She knew what the words meant. When the boys at school that she hung around
  gathered conspiratorially around a magazine she had joined them. Someone had
  pinched one of their Dad's Swank magazines. The pictures had fascinated and
  at the same time revolted her. She had gazed upon naked women kissing other
  women, taking huge penises with ear to ear grins and smearing semen on their
  faces. She had heard the words that her male friends used to describe them.  
"Check out that slut  man, she loves it &ndash; look
  at that fucking grin!"  
"What a whore, both holes at once."  
Charlie had stood around in the circle as each new page had been turned to
  reveal new images of sexual depravity. Naked harlots sucking cocks, peroxided
  blondes playing with huge vibrators or an average looking red head taking it
  up the ass from a well hung stud.  
Those women were just another type of prostitute, she had thought &ndash; they
  sold their bodies, or images of their bodies for money. Charlie had thought
  that behaviour disgusting. How could they do that? Did they enjoy it? How could
  they enjoy having their cum-drenched faces plastered in magazines sold around
  the world?  
They were perverse&hellip;  
And so was she.  
The realisation scared her. Just like the slutty models in the magazine she
  was enjoying what was happening to her. That scared her. It wasn't normal.  
She wasn't normal.  
There was something wrong with her.  
Would she too end up in the centrefold of a magazine like that: legs spread,
  huge dildo in one hand, the other spreading her labia apart for the camera
  while she got wet thinking about just how degrading this image would be? Would
  she become the pinup girl in some smutty magazine that teenage boys would get
  hard looking at, thinking about what a filthy slut she was?  
The thought scared her witless.  
There was something deeply wrong with her. She needed help.  
She had to get help from someone before she turned into one of those women.
  But from whom could she get help?  
In a state of ever increasing despair she made the only choice she possibly
  could.  
----  
"Mr Campbell, I need to talk to you please."  
She was sitting on her sheepskin in his study. They had finished dinner in
  relative silence. Mr Campbell had cursorily asked about her day over dinner
  and Charlotte had answered equally briefly. After that he had requested her
  company for the evening.  
Now in the study, he looked up from the book he was reading. He looked at
  the young girl, now back in her Raggedy Ann and Andy dress, complete with bonnet.  
"What about Charlotte?"  
"I&hellip; umm, well umm, I&hellip;" She tried to put her thoughts into words,
  but they wouldn't come to her in the right way, those that did rise to her
  consciousness were&hellip; soul destroying.  
"Well that is that I&hellip; No, look umm." Her bottom lip started to quiver
  as she thought about revealing her innermost secret to him. The thought of
  admitting to him that she was a depraved pervert shocked her &ndash; but she
  had no choice. But then again she hadn't had a single real choice since the
  day she'd come here.  
All at once, the moment overwhelmed her and she burst into tears.  
Mr Campbell sat shocked for a few moments. She had been sitting there quietly,
  and he had thought her content, yet now she was crying wildly. He did the only
  thing he could think of. He left his chair quickly to sit next to the crying
  girl and put his arm around her to console her.  
"Charlotte, Charlotte&hellip; There, there. What's wrong honey? Come on,
  please don't cry. What's wrong? Please tell me, I don't like seeing you like
  this."  
She looked up at him, compassion filled his eyes; he wasn't lying. He truly
  didn't want to see her crying. Suddenly it all came out: "Please help me &ndash; I'm
  turning into some type of pervert. You asked me how my day was today? It was
  dreadful &ndash; I had to wear a diaper." She sniffed back tears and wiped
  her eyes. Only partially coherent, she continued.  
"But you know that already because you decided I had to. But I didn't go
  to the toilet in the morning because I didn't know what the Nursery was &ndash; I
  mean I kind of did but I didn't know about the diaper." She was blathering
  now, but he let her continue. He was listening actively, sorting through the
  disjointed thoughts of the upset girl as she blurted them out.  
"I tried not to, I really did, but I wet myself."  
He interrupted her briefly, speaking gently: "Charlotte, I know about that,
  Madeline told me. You shouldn't be worried about that. That was the point of
  the exercise. You had to learn not to wet yourself again and what better way
  than by reminding you just what it's like to be a baby and have no control
  over your body."  
"No Mr Campbell &ndash; that's not the point. The point is that I didn't
  wet myself, well I did in the diaper &ndash; I mean this morning." She looked
  at him now, tears still staining her cheeks, but she'd opened the floodgate
  to her secrets now, it had to all come out.  
  
"I had a dream, I got taken to a tower and was chained up" &ndash; by
      someone who looks like you   &ndash; "and a man was about to
      start hurting me, with a whip. But then I woke up and when I did I found
      out that I'd got excited." - I got wet thinking about the pain   - "So
      I covered it up by pouring water on my pyjamas so that you wouldn't find
      out and make me wear the punishment panties again." He sat there quietly
      listening as Charlotte spilled her deepest secrets from her conscience.  
"But then you made me wear the diaper and I wet myself and then when I was
  eating lunch, I got wet again. Not in the peeing way, but the other way. And
  when you made me wear the clamps and the panties, when I got back to my room
  I was wet. I was checking myself because I thought I'd been hurt down there
  and&hellip;" she burst into a fresh round of tears. Mr Campbell sat there,
  his arm still around her.  
"Charlotte, come on &ndash; it's not that bad."  
"But IT IS!" She cried out.  
"I'm a freak! There's something wrong with me &ndash; can't you see it. This
  shouldn't be happening. I don't know what's wrong with me. I need help. I have
  to talk to someone or do something."  
Mr Campbell hugged her anew and whispered to her as she cried to herself: "We'll
  get you help honey. We'll get you some help &ndash; I know just who to talk
  to." He gently rocked her as she softly cried to herself.  
Chapter 25 &ndash; Seeking Answers   
She was in the tower again, hanging by her wrists. Her toes only
      just brushed the floor as she swung back and forth from her chains.    
He stood there in front of her, a leather strap in his hand, a
      look of malicious lust on his face. His gaze ran over her naked body, examining
      every crevice, every bump, curve and mound. The strap whistled through
the air as he tested its weight in his hand.    
'Please don't, please &ndash; I'll be good.'   
He didn't speak, he didn't need to; the strap did his speaking
      for him. A firm hand spun her around so that she faced away from him &ndash; and
the first blow fell on her behind.    
She screamed and then the strap spoke again, falling mercilessly
on her naked bottom.    
Again and again the strap continued its whistling lecture as it
      plied its brutal savagery on her bottom. Her screams split the sky and
reached the stars.    
She prayed that it would never stop.   
She knew that he would keep this up until she fainted; and then
he would whip her breasts&hellip;   
She flew bolt upright from her dream. Her room was still dark; dawn had not
  yet arrived. The diffused city lights glowing through her window shed eerie
  shadows throughout the room. Charlotte thought about returning to sleep, but
  he was waiting there in the dark behind her eyes: the man who punished her
in her dreams. The man who had again made her betray her own body in the night.  
Her new sleeper's crotch was soaked through. The white sheep on the blue
  flannel pyjamas seemed to mock her in the ghostly room. They looked as though
  they were ridiculing her for her transgressions. Afraid to go back to sleep
  and return to the tower, she slid her feet out from the sheets and placed her
  sleeper clad feet on the floor next to her bed.  
A quick glance at her electronic merit board told her it was 4am - too early
  to get ready for the day. Instead she moved to her new television and DVD player.
  It had been waiting for her when she returned from her confession in Mr Campbell's
  study.  
Emotionally distraught after her ordeal, she had changed into her new blue
  sheep patterned pyjamas and gone to bed immediately after her confession but
  not before Mr Campbell had promised her that a friend of his would be able
  to help her.  
Now she was awake and afraid to return to sleep. She stood in front of the
  television and picked up the only DVD that had been sitting on the top of the
  player. The Little Mermaid.  
Well she had to do something for the next few hours; she slid the DVD into
  the player and sat back on her bed.  
---  
It seemed as though last night's confession hadn't altered Mr Campbell's
  wardrobe selection for the day. She'd heard the shutter behind the two-way
  wardrobe slide open from her bed. The Little Mermaid had finished some time
  ago and she had returned to reading "The Adventures of Isabelle."  
On hearing the shutter open and then close she had gotten up from the bed
  and opened the wardrobe. Having arranged her clothes on the bed she dressed
  herself.  
Virginal white would be one way to describe the dress. Apart from some pink
  chequered ruffles decorating the waistband, trimming the bib on the bodice,
  waving around the skirts and puffing the shoulders of her sleeves the entire
  dress was a startling white. The Peter Pan collar was trimmed with lace, as
  was the hem of her skirts. Two pink ribbons adorned the elasticised puffed
  sleeves and the final one sat at the bottom of the bibbed bodice.  
On autopilot she pulled the dress over her head, pulled up the zip and tied
  the white sashes into a big bow behind her waist.  
The opaque white stockings and pink Mary Janes finished off the outfit.  
As she had finally buckled on her last shoe the door to her suite opened
  to reveal Mr Campbell. He let a red headed woman in a striking deep green coloured
  skirt suit into the room before closing the door behind him.  
She stood almost six foot tall in her green stiletto heels. Her piercing
  blue eyes contrasted starkly with her deep auburn hair and the green outfit.
  She walked into the bedroom, carefully considering the newly dressed Charlotte.  
"Charlotte, this is Jane. She is a very dear family friend, the daughter
  of my father's former partner Mr Thompson. She also happens to be an excellent
  psychologist. I thought that the two of you might want to have a chat after
  what you told me last night. You can tell her everything that you told me.
  Is that all right? Would you like me to stay?"  
Jane cut in before Charlotte could answer: "Actually Frank, that wouldn't
  be a very good idea. Depending on how we go I might get you to come back in
  later, but for now it would be best if you left us alone. Is that okay Charlotte?"  
"I guess so." Charlotte responded from her seat at the end of her bed.  
"Okay, well just call out if you need anything. I'm not going into work today
  so I'm here if either of you need anything, anything at all." He reluctantly
  left the room, taking a final look at Charlotte as he closed the door leaving
  her and Jane alone in the young girl's bedroom.  
Jane stood in the centre of the room for a moment, looking on the seated
  girl in her virginal white dress, stockings and pink patent shoes.  
"Charlotte, I want you to feel comfortable with me okay? I don't want you
  to feel threatened or uncomfortable. I can only help you if you trust me completely,
  alright?"  
Charlotte nodded meekly.  
"Can I sit down next to you?"  
"Okay."  
Jane slowly sat down next to Charlotte on the bed and started speaking. "Well
  I know a lot about you, but you probably don't know much about me. I want us
  to be friends Charlotte, so I'll start by telling you about myself, maybe that
  way you'll feel as if you know me a bit better. Is that okay?"  
"Yes, I guess so."  
"As Frank said, I'm an old family friend. I've also got a doctorate in psychology
  and a master's degree in feminism. I don't work anymore since I got married,
  but I occasionally do help out old-friends like Frank. I'm not here to 'cure'
  you, but to help you understand yourself. From what Frank told me you're very
  confused at the moment. Would that be right?"  
"Sort of."  
"What do you mean by 'sort of' Charlotte?"  
"I don't know how I feel. Everything is just so strange."  
"How is that?"  
"Well I don't know. When I first came here I hated everything and everyone.
  Mr Campbell was stopping me being with my Dad, he didn't like the way I dressed
  or how I behaved. So he made me change some of those things, I really hated
  that. I just wanted to be me  but he wouldn't let me."  
"Go on." Jane prompted her to continue gently.  
"And I still do hate it. I hate these dresses - they're silly. No one my
  age wears stuff like this, not even the sissiest of girls. I don't understand
  why he makes me wear them. At first I thought he was some kind of pervert,
  sometimes I still do think that. But aren't perverts supposed to do   things
  to you? I mean you're his friend so I guess I really shouldn't say things like
  that to you."  
"Not at all &ndash; Charlotte have you ever heard of the Doctor/Patient privilege?"  
"Yeah &ndash; I think so. Doctors and stuff on 'Law and Order' say that's
  why they can't tell the cops where the bad guys are."  
"Sort of. You see even though I'm not practising any more, I'm still not
  allowed to tell anyone, even Mr Campbell, anything about what we say to each
  other. If I did you could complain to the authorities and I would never be
  allowed to practice as a psychologist ever again, they'd take away my licence.
  Anything you don't want me to say to Mr Campbell I won't."  
"Oh."  
"So go on. You think Mr Campbell's a pervert?"  
"I don't know. I thought so, but now I'm not sure. He hasn't done anything &ndash; you
  know &ndash; like that. But he's still &ndash; well - weird. Why is he doing
  this to me?"  
"Have you asked him?"  
"Yes, he said it's because I wasn't a proper lady, that I had to learn from
  scratch how I should behave. He said stuff about my mother and how I disgraced
  her memory. So he's been making me wear stuff like this and attend deportment
  lessons and he punishes me if I do anything wrong."  
"How do you feel about these punishments Charlotte?"  
"I hate them too." She looked away from Jane and down toward her lap as she
  said this.  
"Do you really Charlotte? You can tell me the truth. Or else why did Mr Campbell
  call me here? He said you were afraid that you were becoming some sort of 'freak'.
  That there was something wrong with you. I assume that since he didn't take
  you to the hospital that you're not physically sick, rather that there's something
  eating at you. What is it?"  
"It's difficult to explain."  
"Try me. Don't worry, I'm your friend, you can tell me."  
"I do   hate the punishments. They hurt and they're
  so embarrassing &ndash; do you know he made me wear a diaper yesterday?" She
  asked in an outraged voice before continuing: "I hate them, and what they do
  to me."  
"What do you mean, 'what they do to you', do you mean 'they' as in people
  or 'they' as in punishments?"  
"The punishments. They&hellip; they&hellip; I &ndash; no, I mean it's like
  they get me, umm&hellip; I get &ndash; umm, well&hellip;" Jane sat there quietly
  waiting for Charlotte to get whatever it was off her chest.  
"I get excited by them. You know &ndash; down there." She pointed down to
  her lap.  
"I understand Charlotte. Sorry, I know this is difficult for you. What is
  it that excites you &ndash; the pain?"  
"I think so, but it's more than that. The same thing happened yesterday when
  I was in the diaper. Oh god &ndash; this is so embarrassing!"  
"It's okay, remember I won't tell anyone, this is between just you and me."  
"He had me put in a diaper and I forgot to go to the toilet beforehand, they
  locked it on so I couldn't get out and eventually I wet myself. It's a long
  story but the short of it is that after I'd wet myself, while I was sitting
  there damp; I got excited.  
"It's just disgusting. What sort of person am I if this happens? Mistress
  Heinz spanked me and the same thing happened. Mr Campbell punished me very
  badly the night before last," she explained the punishment panties and clamps, "they
  were supposed to teach me that I shouldn't get excited by being punished. He
  said that they were to remind me what it would feel like if I caught some horrible
  disease from having - you-know &ndash; sex with random strangers. But they
  didn't. I didn't even realise it at the time but when I got back to my room
  I found out that they had excited me too. What's wrong with me?"  
"Do you like being humiliated Charlotte?"  
She was shocked by the question, but Jane had asked it in such a way that
  she instinctively trusted the woman: "I don't know. I hate it, it's horrible,
  I feel so defenceless. But then I feel, I don't know, I feel something, I feel
  good. But that's not the right word. It's like I secretly want it to happen,
  like I deserve it or something. Does that make sense?"  
Jane ignored Charlotte's question and asked one of her own: "What do you
  think of Mr Campbell?"  
Charlotte sat quietly for a moment. "I don't know. He scares me sometimes,
  but I don't know why. I guess it's because he's in charge. He makes me do things
  that I really don't want to do, well I think I don't&hellip;"  
Now Charlotte put into words something she'd barely even realised herself: "I've
  been dreaming about him. Well, it's not really him, its kind of him. Sometimes
  I dream about him and he's really Kyle. That's this boy I met at the basketball
  courts last school vacation. He was really cute.  
"Anyway sometimes I dream of a man who is like Kyle, but then he turns into
  Mr Campbell and he does things to me in my dreams."  
"What kind of things Charlotte?"  
"Well he ties me up so that I'm helpless. Then he hurts me. But I like it.
  I don't know&hellip; What's wrong with me?" Charlotte looked pleadingly into
  Jane's deep blue eyes.  
Chapter 26 - Leashed   
"I think a field trip is in order." Jane said to Charlotte as she rose to
  her feet and walked toward the door to her room. "It might help you to understand
  yourself if I show you a few things."  
She knocked on the door, which was quickly opened by Mr Campbell. He must
  have been standing around outside just waiting for a signal.  
"How did it go Charlotte?"  
Jane responded on Charlotte's behalf: "It went fine. I'd like to take Charlotte
  on a field trip if that's all right. She has a few things that she ought to
  see. Can it be arranged Frank?"  
"I suppose so. I can have the car out the front in a few minutes. What do
  you have in mind?" Mr Campbell asked.  
"Charlotte needs to have her eyes opened up a little about a few things.
  So the two of us are going to go on a little excursion. We'll be back before
  dinner Frank."  
Quickly Mr Campbell and Jane discussed logistics while Charlotte sat on the
  end of the bed. She felt a bit better for having had the chance to talk to
  someone else about her feelings, but she still remained confused. The prospect
  of the impending trip intrigued her though. She was being let outside! Yet
  she knew in the back of her mind that she wouldn't be given the opportunity
  to escape &ndash; besides, she wasn't sure that she wanted to right at this
  moment anyway.  
Her session with Jane had raised more questions than it had answered so far.
  Jane hadn't provided her with any answers&hellip; yet. Charlotte felt however
  that from the authoritative manner in which Jane had suggested this trip that
  the psychologist held the key to unlocking the reasons for her feelings. At
  this very moment she needed to know more about her emerging emotions than she
  needed to escape.  
Jane returned to Charlotte's bed, her arrangements complete.  
"Charlotte, could you stand up please? Unfortunately Mr Campbell wants to
  make sure you don't do anything silly on our trip." Jane held a black harness
  in her hand.  
Charlotte stood up as the psychologist indicated she should turn around.
  She worked quickly, arranging the straps over and under Charlotte's arms and
  across her midriff before locking the harness together behind her back. Jane
  then took the attached lead and wrapped it about her hand.  
Charlotte felt her test the lead by giving it a sharp tug, pulling Charlotte
  slightly off balance. She was now attached via the harness and the lead to
  Jane's firm grip. "C'mon Sweetie, lets go on our little trip."  
Jane gave the lead another tug indicating that Charlotte should follow her.  
Out the hallway and into the elevator foyer the two walked. The tall striking
  red head in her dark green skirt suit led the virginally white dressed Charlotte
  who tagged along behind, her pink Mary Janes clip-clopping on the tiled floor.  
The elevator opened and the two women got in. Jane pressed the lobby level
  button and as the elevator began its descent she began talking: "We're going
  to a couple of places Charlotte, I hope that they will help you understand
  something about yourself. From what you've told me today you have a lot to
  learn about yourself. I might allay some of your fears though. You're far from
  being a freak, or a weirdo as you put it. Quite a lot of women share your particular
  traits, your mother being one of them."  
Charlotte was taken aback: "You knew my mother?"  
"Certainly, I'm a very old family friend Charlotte. I knew Frank when he
  was seeing your Mother. She came to see me a few times when I still practised
  full time."  
"What about?" Charlotte asked &ndash; intrigued that Jane had known her mother.
  That she had seen Jane as her psychologist. Did she know how Charlotte's mother
  fitted into this jigsaw puzzle?  
"I'm afraid I can't tell you everything Charlotte, only some things. Doctor/Client
  privilege won't let me divulge any details about my patients."  
"But she's dead." Charlotte exclaimed.  
"But other patients of mine that she discussed with me are not. I can't betray
  their secrets just as I won't betray yours."  
The elevator door opened revealing the foyer of the building. Thankfully
  the entrance was empty of people. Charlotte had been dreading that dozens of
  people would have seen her dressed up like she was and attached to an oversized
  toddler harness.  
Mr Campbell's Jaguar sat just outside the main doors to the building, the
  Chauffeur, whom she'd briefly met on her trip from the airport held open the
  back passenger door. Jane pulled Charlotte's lead and hopped into the back
  seat before sliding across to the other side in order to let Charlotte take
  her seat in the back.  
The Chauffeur closed the door and rounded the car to take his seat behind
  the wheel.  
Jane gave him some directions. Not being familiar at all with the geography
  of the City, Charlotte had no idea where she was going. Traffic at this time
  of day was sparse but still Charlotte thanked the fact that the car's windows
  were heavily tinted. It was doubtful that any fellow motorists or pedestrians
  would be able to penetrate the dark windows to see her sitting in the back
  of the car wearing this outfit.  
"Jane?" She asked.  
"Yes"  
"Where are we going?" Charlotte asked apprehensively.  
"Well first of all we're going to a little shop that I know of. It's not
  too far away. I want to get you some things that might make you understand
  a bit better. Then we're going to an acquaintance's business. I thought it
  might be a good idea for you to talk to one of his employees."  
"Huh?"  
"You'll see."  
The car made its way gradually through the traffic, Charlotte took the opportunity
  to look around at the passing sights. It was the first time that she'd been
  outside since she'd first arrived at the apartment, only one of a handful of
  occasions that she'd seen around the city. Her trip here late last year with
  her father had seen most of her time spent indoors while it snowed. Now at
  the ebb of spring and the start of summer it took on a far more lively and
  vibrant atmosphere.  
People bustled along the sidewalks, ducking into and out of the various shops
  and businesses lining the streets. All sorts of people walked along. Every
  conceivable race, color, and culture seemed to represented. She found it fascinating:
  her home town was fairly homogenous. This city though was another story. This
  was a melting pot, a potpourri of different cultures and peoples and it fascinated
  Charlotte.  
The car turned into a small side street, leaving behind the busy thoroughfares.
  It pulled up outside a modest looking shop called "The Den". The shopfront
  didn't include any windows, instead it was painted black, the bold lettering
  proclaiming the shop's name painted in white.  
It looked severe, menacing.  
The Chauffeur silenced the V12 engine of the Jaguar, exited the car and opened
  Charlotte's door for her. She stuck her head out of the door and scanned about.
  While there was no one in the alley, the shop wasn't far from the main street
  that they had turned off from. Pedestrians streamed past the entrance to the
  small side street. None of them seemed to be turning their heads as they passed
  though.  
Charlotte scrambled out of the car as Jane followed her. As soon as the psychologist
  had stepped out of the vehicle she led Charlotte toward the entrance to the
  shop. The lead in one hand Jane opened the door to the store and ushered Charlotte
  within.  
She'd never seen anything like it. Adjacent to the door sat a middle-aged
  man behind his cash register and bench. Arrayed along the wall behind the bench
  were displays of various whips and handcuffs. He looked up to peruse his latest
  customers. On noticing Jane he nodded before returning to filling out a form
  at his bench. Charlotte was shocked; he hadn't even blinked at her outfit!  
The store was longer than it was wide. The forward half of the store contained
  innumerable racks of skimpy clothing. Nurses uniforms, slutty schoolgirl outfits,
  there was even a rubber cat woman suit there, complete with tail. Jane led
  Charlotte toward the back of the store, they passed more clothes, and then
  shelves full of vibrators and dildos of every type. From the slim short plain
  types with "conveniently sized to fit comfortably in most handbags" emblazoned
  on the box to monster novelty sized baseball bats shaped as penises.  
Jane led Charlotte further, passed the wide variety of blow-up dolls and
  passed a collection of various leather garments. Finally they went through
  a small aperture toward the back and came into a new room. One wall was covered
  in shelves containing videos and DVDs, another carried magazines. Jane pulled
  Charlotte's lead toward the magazines.  
"Charlotte, this is a sex shop. They sell all sorts of things. I brought
  you here because the particular stock that this place carries will be of particular
  interest to you. I want you to have a look over these racks, and the DVDs if
  you like. I want you to pick out anything that appeals to you. I'm going to
  get some stuff for you that I think may be of interest as well. Don't be shy;
  Jack out front has seen stranger things than us in here. Just take your time.
  In particular I want you to take anything that seems to touch you in the right
  way."  
Jane indicated that Charlotte should browse. Uncertain and embarrassed she
  moved toward the DVD shelves. She'd never been a big reader; television had
  always been her medium of choice. She looked at the covers and found herself
  looking at a shelf dealing with really fat women. Some of the enormously huge
  whales with rolls on their rolls featured on the covers made Charlotte feel
  ill. She moved on.  
'Interracial lust volume 32' didn't appeal to her either. She kept scanning.  
She looked furtively about as the door to the store opened again. A middle
  aged man walked in and began browsing through the clothes toward the front
  of the store.  
Charlotte, currently in plain view, sidled around the shelves so that a wall
  blocked his vision of her. She didn't want to be seen dead anywhere dressed
  like this.  
She snuck a quick look around the corner to see that the new customer was
  entirely engrossed in making his own purchase, Charlotte returned to looking
  at DVD covers. 'Abigail's lesson' this one proclaimed. An older teen girl was
  featured on the cover, dressed in a schoolgirl outfit similar to the one she'd
  seen on entering the store. The girl was bending over a desk while a cane hovered
  just over her bottom, held by someone off camera.  
That sent a shot of electricity down Charlotte's spine. The girl was about
  to be caned! That must hurt a lot. She glanced at the next title. This one
  carried a picture of two women tied up lying on their bellies. "Hogtied Sluts",
  was this one's title. She shifted on, looking through further titles.  
Each of these DVD's fascinated her. The covers emitted brief hints that piqued
  Charlotte's curiosity. Eventually she picked one up. The front cover had grabbed
  her interest as a woman was mostly wearing an Alice in Wonderland style dress.
  She was turned away from the camera with her skirts hiked up over her waist.
  Her entire bottom was a criss-cross of vivid red welts.  
Butterflies began fluttering their wings in Charlottes belly as she read
  the back cover. More photos showed the same woman in various states of dress
  and undress. The brief description on the back intrigued Charlotte, she kept
  a hold on that DVD as she moved along.  
Eventually she picked three movies whose covers excited her. "St Agatha's
  School for Wayward Girls" and "Dungeon Keeper" both seemed to appeal to her,
  at least their covers did.  
Jane had collected half a dozen magazines. She looked at Charlotte and asked
  if the girl had finished. Charlotte acknowledged that she had and Jane began
  walking to the front counter.  
She balked; the middle-aged gentleman was still looking through the clothes.
  She didn't want him to see her. She stopped abruptly and the toddler lead became
  taut. Jane turned around: "Charlotte, come along."  
"No, I don't want to be seen!" She hissed quietly at the red-haired psychologist.  
"Charlotte, don't make a scene. Come along."  
"No, can't we wait till he's gone?"  
"We don't have time Charlotte, come along."  
"No!" She whispered loudly.  
"This is your last warning. I may be your new friend but that's not going
  to stop me from taking you over my knee in the middle of this shop and giving
  you a good spanking if you don't hurry up." Jane stared straight at Charlotte,
  her gaze strong and steady.  
"Please Jane, I don't want to be embarrassed."  
"Yes you do. What are you doing right now Charlotte? Do you really want to
  avoid been seen like this by someone who you are likely to never again see
  in your life? Or is it that you secretly want to be seen, worse, you want to
  cause a ruckus in the middle of the store so that you attract even more attention,
  even more humiliation? Which is it? Because I can accommodate either of them."  
"Look no &ndash; it's not like that Jane, can't we just stay back here until
  he goes?"  
"Charlotte&hellip;" Jane said her name gravely.  
"Please Jane?"  
"I'll give you to the count of three. If you don't start walking toward the
  counter I will give you a good spanking right here. Is that what you want?"  
Charlotte thought rapidly: 'Is it? Is that really what I want?'  
"One&hellip;"  
'I don't know. Is she really going to do it? Please no, I don't want him
  to see me'  
"Two&hellip;"  
'Oh god &ndash; I can't believe she wants me to walk past him dressed like
  this, like its nothing out of the normal. Shit, she's really going to do it&hellip; No &ndash; I
  can't let that happen.' Charlotte started slowly walking toward the counter,
  her DVD's in one hand. Jane turned about and resumed leading Charlotte toward
  the exit.  
As she passed the vibrators the man looked up quickly and then back down.
  He then did a double take as Charlotte walked passed him in her pigtails and
  virginal white dress. His gaze passed all the way from the top of her head
  down her body, past her white tights and all the way to her shoes. He stood
  there with his jaw open while Jane reached the counter. She took the DVD's
  from Charlotte and put them on top of the magazines.  
"Just these please." Jane said as she pulled her purse out of her handbag.  
The store attendant barely registered Charlotte's presence as he scanned
  the magazines and extracted the DVD discs from a drawer and put them in their
  cases. Charlotte chanced a look over her shoulder. The middle-aged man was
  still staring at her, his eyes popping out of his head. Self-consciously she
  smoothed down her voluminous skirts and looked at the floor.  
He was staring at her. Here she stood in the middle of a sex shop, dressed
  up like a six year old and tethered by a toddler harness and he was staring
  at her. Her cheeks turned crimson instantly, they burned in shame. The butterflies
  began beating their wings faster.  
Finally the store attendant gave Jane a total price and she paid with a couple
  of C-notes. Charlotte was feeling hot under the collar. It seemed to take an
  age for the attendant to make change and put the purchases in a discreet plastic
  bag. All the time Charlotte kept glancing toward the man aware that he still
  stared at her.  
Finally, after what had seemed like a decade, Jane tugged on the leash and
  pulled Charlotte out the door. Glad to escape the burning gaze of the stranger
  she followed Jane promptly.  
As the door to the store closed she thought she heard the man speak to the
  attendant: "Shit! Where can I get the missus a dress like that?"  
Charlotte followed Jane back into the Jaguar.  
"I almost thought you'd make me spank you there and then Charlotte. Was that
  really necessary?"  
"Sorry Jane, I just got embarrassed."  
"I'm sure you did. Tell me: are you excited now?"  
"What?" Charlotte looked at the redhead in shock.  
"Are you excited? Did being stared at by that man make you aroused? If I
  pulled down you panties right now would you be dripping wet?" Jane delivered
  these lines clinically.  
"No! Why that's disgusting!"  
"Really? Should I check? Should I stop the car now, drag you out onto the
  street and check you in front of all of these people?"  
"No!"  
"Well then, are you wet? Did you get excited by being publicly embarrassed
  like that?"  
Charlotte looked at her feet and muttered: "Yes&hellip;"  
Jane thought about this for a moment. "Yes, I thought so; your mother reacted
  the exact same way."  
Chapter 27 &ndash;Moths and Butterflies   
Sitting in the back of the Jaguar, Charlotte lost her temper: "Jane &ndash; this
  is really pissing me off. Everyone keeps talking about my Mother. Look I know
  she and Mr Campbell had a relationship of sorts a long time ago, but no one
  will tell me the whole story. Goddamn it, it's not fair. I'm caught up in something
  that I don't understand, why can't someone tell me what the fuck happened all
  those years ago?"  
"Language Charlotte. Look its okay around me but if Frank hears you speaking
  like that you'll get in a lot of trouble."  
"I don't care &ndash; I just want some answers."  
"Alright, I'll tell you what I can, but you'll have to get the rest of the
  story from Frank. Okay?" Jane turned to face Charlotte. She took a few moments
  to compose her thoughts.  
"As I said, I can't tell you everything, some things I can't tell you because
  of privilege. Others because I don't know the whole story.  
"When Mr Campbell first went to college he met your Mother. She was a few
  years older than him but for some reason he caught her eye. Frank in those
  days was so awkwardly shy you have no idea. He made your average wallflower
  look like David Letterman. But for whatever reason Janine befriended him and
  they became close. When he came home for Thanksgiving that year we all noticed
  the change.  
"He was, I don't know how to explain it - he was brighter, more forthright.
  Something in him had changed. I cornered him and he admitted that he'd met
  someone at college. He couldn't stop talking about her, Janine this, Janine
  that. I knew at once he'd fallen irrevocably in love with her. After I met
  her some months later I could see why. She was beautiful Charlotte, your mother
  was one of the most singularly attractive women I have ever met. But not just
  pretty, she was intelligent and articulate. Any room she entered seemed brighter
  and she became the centre of attention wherever she went.  
"I guess some of her 'presence' rubbed off on Frank. When she was around
  he was no longer the shy recluse that we all knew. He was more urbane and charming.
  They were a marvellous couple. I always worried a bit about the age gap, I
  mean at that stage Frank would have been 18 or 19; your mother would have been
  in her mid twenties.  
"He brought her home for the holidays a year or so later and that's when
  your Mother first started seeing me. She knew I was a psychologist and simply
  turned up at my clinic one day. She had the same concerns that you do. Ever
  since puberty she had found herself aroused by the concept of being bound and
  dominated. She even used to tie herself up a night and sleep through till morning
  in self-bondage. Initially she thought it was some harmless fun, except then
  she found herself pushing the boundaries further and further.  
"You have to realise Charlotte that this was almost twenty years ago. Society
  was a bit different then. People weren't as open about their sexuality as we
  are today."  
Charlotte interrupted Jane here: "But that would make Mr Campbell almost
  40, he doesn't look it does he?"  
"No &ndash; he carries it well. Anyway, your mother found herself going further
  and further in her private experiments with bondage. She found that pain also
  excited her. In fact it was the only way she could enjoy herself. When she
  started seeing Frank and they began sleeping with one another she found that
  she couldn't get aroused, so she faced a tough decision. That was why she came
  to see me.  
"First of all she thought there was something wrong with her. I quickly disavowed
  her of that notion, just as I hope to do with you. The second problem she had
  was whether to broach the topic with Frank. She was so distraught at the concept
  of admitting her secret to him. She did care for him a great deal, but she
  was absolutely petrified about how he might react. Today people like you and
  your mother have enormous conventions celebrating their sexuality. They have
  parades, there are enormous communities on the internet and even in cities.
  There are clubs, nightspots and magazines dedicated to Bondage and Discipline.
  I even heard recently that a bunch of practitioners set up a communal apartment
  building in San Francisco that only allows fellow practitioners to live there.  
"But in those days no one talked about that sort of thing. 'Missionary with
  the lights off" was about the extent of most people's discussion of sex. So
  your mother had a very difficult decision to make. I didn't make her mind up
  for her, but we talked through the problem together. To her eternal credit
  she decided to talk to Frank about her needs. I never found out what happened
  after that. They both went back to college, and I assume your mother talked
  to him when they got back.  
"Here's the sad part. It must have been six months later; six months after
  he'd brought her home for the holidays. I got a phone call from Frank's mother,
  god-rest-her-soul, she was so upset, completely distraught. Apparently Janine
  had left Frank and run off with his best friend. He was completely destroyed.
  I don't think he ever recovered, he's never married or even looked like marrying
  ever since. It was such a shock to us all. Poor Frank.  
"I never heard from Janine again, except for a Christmas card. It was cryptic
  but made a bit of sense. It read 'I tried, please forgive me and look after
  Frank.'"  
Charlotte sat quietly for a few seconds as the car made its way through traffic. "That's
  it? You don't know why she left him?"  
"I can't say Charlotte. As I said, you have to ask Mr Campbell that. But
  I hope that what I've told you helps a bit. Does it?"  
"I guess so. Kind of. I still don't know what happened, but I guess I can
  see why Madeline hates me so much. He must have been so upset and heartbroken
  and she would have been there everyday to see it. People say that I look like
  my mom &ndash;"  
"You're almost the spitting image of her."  
"Yeah &ndash; well I suppose seeing me reminds Madeline of what my mother
  did to him. But still it's not fair to take it out on me."  
"No, probably not &ndash; Well, come on, we're here."  
The Jaguar pulled up outside a non-descript building. Just a plain door sat
  in the wall. No signs, no advertising, nothing. A plain building on a relatively
  busy street.  
"Where's here?" Charlotte asked as Jane opened the car door and began to
  get out.  
"You'll see in a moment Charlotte, a friend of mine runs this place. I want
  you to meet someone and have a chat with them."  
Charlotte clambered across the seat, following the harness lead that Jane
  still had wrapped about her wrist. A handful of people where in sight, walking
  along the sidewalks. Charlotte followed Jane closely as the taller woman walked
  up to the front door and opened it revealing a small reception area.  
A middle aged lady dressed in an evening gown sat at an expensive looking
  oak desk waiting to welcome them.  
"Jane &ndash; a pleasure. And who's this delightful child?"  
"Betsy-Jo, this is Charlotte, Charlotte this is Betsy-Jo. Charlotte is Frank
  Campbell's ward, her father had a nasty accident and Frank is looking after
  her while he recovers. Frank felt that Charlotte here needed a bit of an object
  lesson on how to behave like a woman instead of a tomboy."  
"That sounds like Frank. He never does anything by halves does he Jane?" Charlotte
  stared at the woman, she was really very pretty, in her youth she must have
  been stunning.  
"So to what do I owe the pleasure of your visiting my little establishment
  Jane? I assume you're not here as a customer."  
"No, not quite Betsy-Jo. I was wondering if Lisa still works for you. Charlotte
  and she have something in common and I wandered if I could get the two of them
  to have a chat."  
"She's currently with a client Jane, but she's free in half an hour. Just
  what in common exactly?" Betsy-Jo asked, her curiosity clearly aroused. The
  middle aged woman was carefully considering Charlotte now.  
Jane responded brusquely: "No Betsy-Jo, she's too young, and I think Mr Campbell
  would have very severe issues with the concept of little Charlotte working
  here. Don't even think about it. I just want Charlotte to know that what she
  enjoys is far from abnormal."  
"In that case would you like to watch? We've got a viewing room upstairs,
  might that be&hellip; educational?"  
"Charlotte, would you like to watch?" Jane asked.  
"Watch what?" Charlotte responded naively.  
"Golly girl, you really are small town aren't you?" Jane was amused at Charlotte's
  complete naivety. "This is a brothel, a rather upmarket one though. Betsy-Jo's
  girls specialise in fulfilling some very special needs of their clients."  
"Quite lucratively as well" Betsy-Jo chimed in as she opened a door from
  the reception that led to a staircase leading upwards. "A pity that Charlotte
  here isn't available, Lisa is one of my best girls, she's always in demand
  and her regulars are prepared to pay almost anything to spend time with her."  
"A brothel?" Charlotte was shocked. Prostitution to her conjured up images
  of street girls in fishnet hose, caked on makeup and chewing gum. Too much
  time watching Law and Order she thought to herself. This place was indeed very
  up market. Like Mr Campbell's house it was understated, yet elegant. Still
  pulled along by her lead, Charlotte followed Betsy-Jo and Jane up the stairs.  
The top of the flight of stairs opened out into a large open room. Natural
  light filtered in through a skylight onto soft pastel coloured sofas filled
  with expensive pillows that were arranged about the room. Doors opened out
  on all sides from the room. Against one wall stood a mahogany bar behind which
  an attractive brunette stood dressed in a stylish, and yet skimpy, waitress
  uniform. Besides the waitress no one else was in the room.  
Betsy-Jo began her tour: "This is our lounge, it's a bit quiet during the
  day, but in the evening the girls who aren't with a client generally congregate
  here. As Jane said, we cater to some very particular clients with unusual needs.
  It never ceases to amaze me what some people enjoy doing. I had one client
  who had a fetish for trees! Trees! Can you believe it?  
"Anyway, I believe Lisa is currently in her bedroom. Come through here." Betsy-Jo
  opened a door revealing a small dark room. A curtain ran the length of one
  wall and two comfortable sofas sat before the curtain. "We can watch from in
  here. Take a seat. Jane. Charlotte." She indicated that they should be seated.
  While Charlotte was carefully arranging her skirts beneath her, Betsy-Jo pressed
  a button on a wall panel. An electric motor quietly hummed as the dark curtains
  pulled back to reveal what looked like a teenagers bedroom.  
"Don't worry, it's a one way mirror, no one can see you."  
A king sized bed was the only sacrifice to authenticity in this room. A desk
  was piled up with papers, CD's cases and all manner of mess. Dozens of posters
  adorned the walls, mostly promotional posters for various punk bands. Clothes
  were strewn across the floor and a wardrobe door was left open spilling its
  contents into the room.  
Charlotte thought that the room she looked into was strikingly similar to
  her own at home. A constant mess, her dirty clothes dropped wherever it was
  convenient. Of course the posters in her own room were sport related and her
  cable television dominated the room whereas a large stereo seemed to form the
  centre of gravity in this room. But for all intents and purposes there was
  very little difference.  
No one was visible at the moment. Perhaps this Lisa person was somewhere
  else.  
"I wonder where she's got to. She might be in the shower &ndash; but I can't
  tell from here." Betsy-Jo explained.  
Almost on cue a door opened and a girl walked in. She stood probably five
  foot ten and was one of the most eye-catching women Charlotte had ever seen.
  Her black hair was pulled up into two un-braided pigtails. Charlotte guessed
  it would have been only just shoulder length had it been out. Her alabaster
  skin contrasted sharply with her dark hair and the dark mascara the girl seemed
  to favour further added a stark contrast between black and white.  
She wore knee high Doc Marten boots and a pair of fishnet stockings.  
Little Black Dress. The dress deserved the capitalisation. The skirt ended
  mid thigh and as the girl walked it swished alluringly, hinting at the hidden
  treasures that it concealed. The sleeves ran to the wrists, and the top dipped
  in a vee to reveal a decent measure of exceptional cleavage. It clung in all
  the right parts and framed an exceptionally taut and firm young body. A black
  leather collar embraced her neck, it was relatively plain except for the "D
  ring" it sported at the front. Bulky silver rings adorned her fingers and her
  nails were painted a deep black.  
Goth, Charlotte thought to herself. But not like those fat hoes back home
  who tried to squeeze their oversized asses into black jeans two sizes too small
  and hung around the dead heads smoking. This woman was eye catching, elegant
  and yet confronting. She oozed sexuality in everything she did. The way she
  walked, the way she'd turned the door knob. Charlotte envied her for her obvious
  style. It was uniquely individual, it challenged the preconceived vision of
  beauty, of skinny blonde cheerleaders with ditzy smiles. This girl challenged
  those preconceptions and won hands down.  
Now a second person entered the room from the same door. A man wearing nothing
  but a towel. In contrast with Goth-Girl, as Charlotte termed her in her own
  mind, he was far from an exceptional example of the species. Middle aged, balding,
  bloated stomach. He wasn't disgusting, merely an ordinary white middle aged
  man. Where Mr Campbell clearly was concerned with his health and appearance
  it looked like this guy had other priorities. He probably drank a bit too much
  and didn't exercise quite enough.  
He was talking to Goth-Girl now, but Charlotte couldn't hear a word. The
  pair's mouths moved silently on the other side of the glass. Betsy-Jo pressed
  another button on the wall and took a seat next to Jane. Suddenly Charlotte
  could hear every spoken word through a pair of speakers mounted on the walls.  
"What a pigsty! Didn't I tell you to clean up your room?" The man had bad
  acting to add to his stable of traits Charlotte noted.  
"It is clean. You should have seen it this morning." Goth-Girl had it all,
  the attitude, the looks and also a sweet husky voice that screamed eroticism.
  She deliberately turned her back to the man and walked to the stereo which
  she promptly turned on. A deafening cacophony of double kick bass drums, distorted
  guitar and screaming lyrics began pumping out of the speakers.  
"Turn off that racket!" The man shouted over the top of the music.  
"Make me!" She smiled as she winked naughtily. Goth-Girl began dancing to
  the music, Charlotte would have thought it impossible to dance to such music
  in a sexy and provocative fashion but Goth-Girl, like everything else she did,
  managed it brilliantly. The veteran of a hundred rave parties, she crooked
  a finger at the man and began motioning that he should come to her.  
The semi naked man cautiously approached Goth Girl as her hips gyrated to
  the music, her arms twining about her nubile body. In contrast, if he'd a rhythmical
  bone in his body it must have been broken, try as he might to join the writhing
  Goth Girl he failed. Unperturbed however Goth Girl began grinding herself up
  against him.  
"I don't want to clean up &ndash; I want to be dirty&hellip;  " Goth
  Girl purred.  
Oh god, Charlotte had never seen anything so erotic in her life. Her own
  butterflies were being stirred by what she was watching.  
"Dirty hey? I'll tell you what I do to dirty  girls.
  Do you want to know?" He asked lewdly.  
"Sure Dadsie, what do you do?" Goth Girl provocatively grabbed his crotch
  and pulled the towel away, revealing a rock hard member.  
"I spank them."  
"Yeah? Anything else, big boy?" Goth Girl grasped his hard penis with both
  hands and dropped to her knees. She enveloped his penis with her soft tongue,
  which Charlotte now noticed was pierced. Expertly she ran the ball of her tongue
  stud up and down his shaft as the man struggled to continue speaking.  
"Spank them&hellip; Hard &ndash; oh yeah &ndash; I punish little sluts like
  you, smack them hard &ndash; Oh god that's good &ndash; smack their asses,
  whip their pussies, fill them with rock hard cock." Her ministrations were
  having an obvious impact. Charlotte wasn't surprised, Goth Girl clearly knew
  exactly what she was doing.  
"Really? You punish sluts like me? Go on &ndash; show me." She released his
  member and skipped across the room to the king sized bed where she threw herself
  playfully upon it. Her dress rode up her thigh and she looked back across the
  room toward the man, her eyes burning with lust and desire.  
"Show me big man. Punish me, make it hurt, I like  pain."  
The metal music continued pounding as the man approached Goth Girl's lithe
  form draped over the bed. She lightly brushed her breast, revealing a further
  hint of her brilliantly alabaster skin.  
"Turn over slut! Get on your hands and knees."  
Goth Girl acquiesced, slowly rolling onto her stomach and then pushing herself
  up onto hands and knees, facing away from the mirror behind which Charlotte
  sat. The man grasped her by the hips and ran his hands over her rump, muttering
  an exclamation of satisfaction with the firm taut flesh hidden beneath her
  little black dress.  
Slowly he pulled her dress up to reveal a naked bottom. The fishnets were
  stay ups, neglecting the need for fiddly garter belts. Her perfect bottom was
  marred only slightly by a small tattoo on her left buttock. Charlotte couldn't
  see from here but it looked like a Chinese hieroglyph. Goth Girl's mons appeared
  to be cleanly shaved, however again Charlotte found that the distance made
  it hard to tell exactly.  
The man cupped his hand and delivered a stinging blow to Goth Girl's bottom.
  Almost immediately a red handprint appeared on the pale white skin. Another
  blow descended, even heavier than the last and Goth Girl jolted forward, almost
  falling onto the bed from the force of his hand.  
Now he got into a rhythm, delivering regular steady cracks to her taut bottom.
  He grunted with effort, she began panting with a mixture of pain and lust.  
"No more, please stop! No &ndash; this little slut can't take it anymore,
  please stop sir!"  
Goth Girl rounded on him, looking fearfully at the naked man with the incredibly
  erect penis.  
"No. You'll take your punishment slut, or you'll face worse."  
"No, I can't &ndash; my bottom hurts too much, please don't spank me there
  anymore."  
He paused as she looked up at him. Her heavy mascara had begun to run with
  a few strategically shed tears. Charlotte looked at her and thought that she
  had seen nothing so beautiful as this moment before in her life. Goth Girl,
  her dress gathered up around her hips, her mascara stained face begging for
  mercy, yet knowing that none was forthcoming.  
"Then you've got a choice slut. Fuck yourself with the punishment phallus
  or get your pussy whipped? What is it?"  
Goth Girl's face dropped as he made the ultimatum. Charlotte had no idea
  what the punishment phallus might be, but if it was the equivalent or worse
  than getting her pussy whipped it must be very bad indeed. Charlotte pretended
  she was in Goth Girl's position, crouching on the bed, Mr Campbell standing
  in front of her, naked, ready. Forcing her to choose between two equally nasty
  fates. She closed her eyes for a moment imagining the scene and feeling herself
  get wetter and wetter at the thought.  
"Please sir, not the punishment phallus &ndash; anything else but that."  
"Then pass me the whip."  
"Oh sir, no that's too much. You'll hurt my poor pussy, look at it, you'll
  ruin me." Goth Girl now revealed her vagina fully. Charlotte had been almost
  right, Goth Girl did shave, but she left a very fine line of trimmed hair running
  vertically up from her slit. Goth Girl had both her hands spreading herself
  apart, showing the man just what he was about to enjoy.  
"Back on the bed whore, and pass me the pussy whip." Goth Girl leaned over
  to a bedside table and rummaged around, she pulled a number of things out,
  but handed the man a small whip. It stood probably one and a half foot in length
  and was comprised of a dozen thin leather thongs. Knots had been tied into
  the thongs every few inches along.  
Goth Girl now leant back and spread her thighs, presenting her naked shaven
  vagina for punishment.  
"Ten on the pussy, an extra two for each time you close your slutty legs." He
  intoned solemnly.  
"Yes Sir" Goth girl gripped her Doc Martens about the ankles and fortified
  herself for the upcoming ordeal.  
The man looked at the whip closely, noting the knots designed to provide
  even more pain than the instrument was designed for. He weighed it carefully
  in his hand and took a few practice swings through the air. Then he looked
  down at the prostate girl with her legs spread wide and grinned evilly. The
  whip swung through the air and splattered against the soft unprotected flesh,
  a blood-chilling scream ripped out of Goth Girl as she struggled to stop herself
  from automatically flinching from the blow.  
Charlotte looked on with horror and fascination as the second and third blows
  descended. Goth Girl's nether lips were glistening more and more. She was getting
  off on the whipping! Charlotte found herself incredibly aroused by the scene,
  had she not had company she might have pulled her own panties down and played
  with herself then and there, she was that excited.  
Goth Girl was screaming continuously, yet in a display of pure discipline
  she kept her legs spread far apart, her hands gripping onto her leather clad
  calves. The knotted leather thongs of the whip landed brutally on her, each
  blow leaving a delicate pattern of red welted flesh on her mound.  
Jane broke the silence in the viewing room. "Aren't you worried that one
  of your clients will go too far one day?"  
Betsy-Jo turned her face from the unfolding scene in front of them to explain, "Of
  course we are. That's why no client can get in here without passing through
  a concealed metal detector, additionally they must shower and change before
  meeting one of the girls. They're not allowed to wear anything while they are
  here unless we provide it. Additionally there are cameras and microphones in
  every room. Davies, our security guy, monitors them constantly. If there ever
  was a problem he'd be in the room with his Baretta drawn before the John had
  enough time to grab his balls and kiss his ass goodbye. Thankfully we've never
  had a problem. Strangely all our clients understand the rules, respect them
  and behave themselves. I guess they know that if they fuck up they'll never
  be allowed back in and they'll never find another place like this.  
"What do you think Charlotte?" Betsy-Jo asked, changing the topic quickly
  and taking Charlotte by surprise.  
"Um&hellip; I don't know, that must hurt a lot."  
"Apparently it does, Lisa informs me however that it is the pain itself that
  makes it all the more alluring to her. She is the pre-eminent pain slut - that's
  Lisa's term, not mine. I'm actually surprised she didn't go for the punishment
  phallus. It's her third favourite toy." Betsy-Jo amazed Charlotte with the
  candour and ease with which she spoke of these things, while in front of their
  eye's Goth-Girl, aka Lisa, received the tenth and final stinging whip blow
  to her exposed pudenda. Her lips were inflamed, red and angry. Small red lines
  and squiggles, sharply discernable against her pale skin, criss-crossed her
  punished crotch.  
The man put the whip down and crawled onto the bed next to Goth Girl. He
  grabbed her about the waist and muttered something into her ear that the microphones
  failed to pick up.  
Goth Girl reached back to the other items she had pulled out of the bedside
  table. One was a condom, which she expertly ripped open and put in her mouth.
  Placing a gentle hand on his chest she pushed him onto the bed before moving
  her way down his torso placing small fluttering kisses all the way down his
  chest, stomach and finally his cock. With the condom in her mouth she engulfed
  his penis, she pushed herself further and further down his shaft until her
  lips reached the base.  
Charlotte, as yet unaware of some of the more technical aspects of sex and
  fellatio, remained na&iuml;ve to the fact that only years of experience prevented
  Lisa from gagging on his penis as she smothered his penis with her mouth and
  throat. Her task completed she sat back up, her customer's penis now sheathed
  safely in a ribbed latex condom.  
"Come on slut, ride me!" He extolled lasciviously.  
"One minute sir, I need your help first. She retrieved the final item she
  had taken from the table, a length of chain with a small springed clamp attached
  to the end.  
She fed the chain through the "D Ring" on her collar and handed him both
  the end of the chain and the clamp: "We can't have this little slut actually
  enjoy what your about to do to her poor little body, can we?" She asked cheekily.  
Apparently this guy wasn't a new customer, he knew exactly what Goth Girl
  meant. With the clamp in one hand he motioned Goth Girl to him. He lay down
  on the bed as she knelt above him. With both hands he parted her labia and
  eagerly sought out her burgeoning clitoris. His target identified, he coaxed
  the tiny nubbin out from its hiding place, before brutally and effectively
  clamping it.  
Goth Girl breathed in sharply as the teeth of the clamp bit down on the tender
  and exposed flesh. "Thankyou sir, may I please ride your big hard cock?"  
"Go to it slut."  
Goth Girl shuffled down the bed on her knees before placing herself over
  his erect phallus. Slowly she lowered herself onto him, her knee high Docs
  straddling his thighs.  
The chain attached to her clamped clitoris ran up her torso, through the
  D ring and into the man's hand, at the moment it remained slack, but as she
  settled herself down around the base of his penis he gave the chain a sharp
  tug, eliciting a moan of pain and animalistic pleasure from Goth Girl.  
Slowly she built up a rhythm, grinding her pelvis against him, as he lay
  back, his eyes closed and moans eliciting from his mouth. The rhythm gained
  momentum, the chain jingled back and forth against Goth Girl's body, torturously
  tugging on her harshly clamped clitoris. Momentum increased until Charlotte
  could see that she was grinding herself against him in time with the rapidly
  paced music screaming from the stereo. Primeval cries emitted from Goth Girl's
  mouth:- "Squeeze my tits, now, please, twist them, hurt them, please!"  
He put the end of the chain between his teeth to maintain partial tension
  on her clitoris and reached up to begin mauling her breasts, he was far from
  gentle, pinching her nipples, squeezing the two mounds severely together. Goth
  Girl now increased her pace further, the chain increasing its rapid bouncing
  off her body. She closed her eyes, her mouth locked in a grimace. The pace
  rose now to frantic levels, and suddenly she pushed her head back, opened her
  eyes wide to the sky and screamed in a primal explosion of orgasmic relief.  
Spurred on by the pain he could see in her eyes, her contracting and pulsating
  pelvic muscles, he could hold on no longer either. Together they achieved release,
  her screaming, him moaning as the chain was pulled ever tauter, extending and
  magnifying the explosive orgasm that Goth Girl had clearly undergone.  
Finally, after what had seemed an eon, Goth Girl rolled off him to lay next
  to him, her dress still pulled up around her waist. She placed her hand deftly
  on the clamp and released it, Charlotte clearly saw her wince as soon as it
  was removed. She could sympathise with Goth Girl, the removal of a clamp was
  a terrible thing as the blood rushed back into the battered and abused flesh.  
"So that's Lisa, Charlotte. She's the girl I want you to talk to. Do you
  understand why now?"  
"Yes, I think so; I'm just like her&hellip;"  
Chapter 28 &ndash; A Decision Reached 
Betsy-Jo stood from her couch and pressed a few buttons on the wall, immediately
  the speakers relaying sound from Lisa's "bedroom" were silenced and the quiet
  electric motor controlling the curtains came to life. As the heavy curtains
  across the viewing window shut, Betsy-Jo opened the door back to the lounge
  and suggested that her guests follow her back outside.  
Charlotte took a moment to catch her breath. The scene she had just witnessed
  had left her breathless - her heartbeat racing. Jane stood up and knowingly
  glanced at Charlotte still sitting in her seat. The psychologist winked at
  the younger girl before offering her a hand up. Charlotte took her hand and
  rose to her feet before following Jane and her harness lead back into the lounge.
  Her thighs felt sticky and her panties and tights stuck damply to her crotch.
  She briefly considered what punishments awaited her back at the apartment when
  Mr Campbell discovered the state of her panties. Just as quickly she brushed
  the thought aside as the butterflies began fluttering their wings violently
  within her core, exacerbating her predicament even further.  
A flustered Charlotte followed the Madame and Jane out into the luxuriously
  appointed entertainment area. They all took seats in the comfortable pastel
  couches while the waitress emerged from behind the bar to take drink orders.
  Charlotte let Jane order and was shocked when she ordered a glass of Australian
  chardonnay for her.  
The waitress skittered back behind the bar and Betsy-Jo sank back into the
  soft cushions of the couch. "Lisa should be available in a minute. She's probably
  just freshening up." She now turned her attention toward Charlotte, sitting
  primly on the edge of her seat. She'd considered leaning back into the seat,
  but her bulging white crinoline underskirts would make that posture appear
  ridiculous. The Madame now addressed a question toward the pigtailed Charlotte: "Is
  that what you were expecting Charlotte?" 
Charlotte considered the question carefully before responding. "I didn't
  know what to expect." That was true, Charlotte had had little idea of what
  to expect. She'd barely processed the fact that she was in a brothel when the
  curtains had opened to reveal the sordid scene that had been played out before
  her.  
"Have you ever watched before?" Betsy-Jo asked with a wry grin in the corner
  of her mouth.  
"No. That was the first time. I've seen magazines before, some of the boys
  used to bring them to school. But that's as close as I'd ever got before now." 
"And so, what did you think of our little Lisa? Interesting girl isn't she?" 
"She's&hellip; she's&hellip; she's beautiful." Charlotte struggled to put
  her newfound admiration of Goth Girl into the right words. She also had so
  many questions she wanted to ask, but couldn't phrase them right in her own
  head, let alone put them into comprehensive sentences.  
A click sounded behind Charlotte. Betsy-Jo turned her attention away from
  Charlotte for a moment: "Ah, here she is. Lisa, join us for a while." Betsy-Jo
  pulled herself out of the deep couch and stood up, Jane and Charlotte followed
  suit.  
"Lisa, Jane you already know;" Lisa, AKA Goth Girl, had changed out of her
  little black dress. She now stood in a dark red and black vampish looking dress.
  The bodice of the dress was a scarlet red satin covered by a delicate black
  lace. The skirts were comprised of a tiered heavy black lace that hung about
  Goth Girl's calves revealing her knee high Doc Martens beneath. Her sleeves
  hung long and billowed out to flow about her currently invisible hands. Charlotte
  now noticed that Goth Girl also wore dark lipstick, verging toward black and
  her alabaster skin was further enhanced by white powdered foundation.  
Betsy-Jo continued with the introductions while Charlotte stared in admiration
  at Goth Girl: "And this is Charlotte, Charlotte this is Lisa." 
"Pleased to meet you" Goth Girl's husky voice uttered the words and then
  Charlotte replied: "Likewise." 
"Lisa, we were just watching your last performance from the viewing room,
  I hope you don't mind?" Betsy-Jo resumed her seat as she spoke to Goth Girl.  
"Not at all," Goth Girl now took a seat in one of the chairs, completing
  an informal circle about the lounge room: Betsy-Jo sitting opposite Charlotte,
  Charlotte sitting next to Lisa who in turn sat opposite Jane. "In fact, I wish
  I'd known earlier, Tom would love to have known that someone was watching him
  with me." She waved to the Waitress, her billowing black lacy sleeves floating
  throughout the air. The waitress acknowledged Goth Girls signal with a friendly
  nod of her head.  
"Charlotte was just saying how much she enjoyed your performance." 
"Really?" Goth Girl looked questioningly toward the young girl dressed in
  her virginal white party dress. Her raised eyebrow sent a shot of lightning
  through Charlotte, Goth Girl was suspicious of her.  
Thankfully Jane jumped to the rescue: "No, not like that Lisa, Charlotte's
  not a customer, rather she's here on a bit of a fact finding mission." 
"Oh? How's that?" 
The waitress now returned to the couches and handed each woman their drinks.
  Charlotte took the wine glass from her hand and sipped at it nervously while
  Jane continued: "Poor little Charlotte has recently become the ward of Frank
  Campbell, you know him?" 
A wicked smile spread across Goth Girl's lips at the mention of Mr Campbell's
  name: "Certainly do, he's one of Leanne's regulars. She's had to borrow a couple
  of my toys for some of his visits. Quite a character, but I haven't seen him
  around lately." 
"No it seems that his attention has been well and truly taken up with Charlotte's
  tutelage." Jane and Goth Girl exchanged glances; Goth Girl's suggestive raised
  eyebrow was met with a dismissive shake of Jane's head.  
"No, not like that, although I'm sure he's infatuated with our little Charlotte,  he
  seems to be retaining at least a modicum of good behaviour. Well at least a
  tiny bit. As you can see though, that hasn't stopped him indulging in his usual
  inclinations on Charlotte." 
Charlotte hated being referred to in the third person, particularly when
  she was present. For the moment however she limited herself to biting her bottom
  lip.  
"Unfortunately Frank's attentions have coincided with Charlotte beginning
  to discover the nature of her own sexuality. We've been quite confused and
  distressed by it all, haven't we Charlotte?" 
Jane gave Charlotte a quick tug on her toddler tether to indicate she should
  speak up: "I guess so." 
The three women looked toward Charlotte, expecting her to continue. An uneasy
  silence descended on the room. The silence was partially filled by the clinking
  of ice cubes as Goth Girl picked up her tumbler full of ice and clear liquid,
  she took a quick sip. 
Jane gently tugged on the leash again. "I liked watching you Lisa, it seemed&hellip; right." 
"Ah&hellip; Now I understand. Let me guess, Frank's been handing out some
  of his trademark corrections and you've found yourself enjoying them?" Lisa
  sat back carefully considering the quiet Charlotte. "A bit of a shock isn't
  it? What was it; a spanking over the arm of the couch? Ah yes I see; something
  like that. Yes I remember my first time. An older cousin got annoyed when I
  broke his CD player.  
"He had some of his friends over for a pool party. I had a real crush on
  one of his friends; I got dressed in my shortest skirt and skimpiest swimsuit.
  I spent ages trying to look as pretty as I could. Then I tried my hardest to
  get this guy's attention but he was happy just mucking about with my brother
  and his mates. Anyway, I got sick of listening to their crappy pop music and
  decided to switch CD's. I put on my favourite 'Cradle of Filth' album on and
  my cousin got really pissed off. He stormed over and tried to snatch the CD
  player away from me, somehow in the struggle it ended up in the pool, completely
  wrecked.  
"He was furious, so he grabbed me and put me over his knee. Then in front
  of his friends, and the guy I really liked, he spanked me &ndash; really hard.
  I ended up running into my bedroom in tears with everyone laughing at me. I'd
  never been so embarrassed. But when I got back to my room&hellip; well let's
  just say I had to take matters into my own hands." That aroused a grin on her
  face and a laugh from Betsy-Jo and Jane.  
Lisa looked back at Charlotte, ignoring the two other women. "What about
  you? How did you find out?" 
Suddenly it seemed to Charlotte that the only people in the room were her
  and Lisa. The two of them fixed their eyes on each other, seeing in each other
  a part of themselves. Now she forgot all about her embarrassment, here was
  someone like her who she could share herself with. 
"It wasn't quite like that for me. There was this guy at the basketball courts
  called Kyle, we were playing ball and he fell on top of me. For a moment he
  had me pinned down on the ground. For a second there I felt&hellip; complete.
  I don't know how else to explain it. I wanted him to take complete control
  of me.  
"But I guess when I really found out was when Mr Campbell spanked me the
  first time. I didn't want it to stop. I just closed my eyes and imagined it
  was Kyle spanking me. I didn't really understand any of it. Mr Campbell just
  kept on punishing me more and more and I started to enjoy it more and more.
  I thought there was something wrong with me&hellip; until today anyway." 
Lisa stared at Charlotte, taking in every single word from the young girl.
  Then she looked briefly at Jane and Betsy-Jo, "Come on Charlotte, let's leave
  these two gossip queens to themselves for a while." Then she looked toward
  Jane: "Charlotte's coming with me to my room." Lisa looked at Jane indicating
  that a negative response was out of the question. Jane nodded before adding: "Sure,
  but first of all, here Lisa, take this." Jane handed Lisa the lead to Charlotte's
  toddler harness. "Don't let her out of your sight okay?"  
"Sure, not a problem." Lisa took the tether in hand, but indicated that Charlotte
  should lead the way back to Lisa's 'Bedroom'. Charlotte picked up her wine
  glass and walked toward the door to the room.  
The two girls entered the room, still a mess. Charlotte stood in the centre
  of the carpet while Lisa smoothed the rumpled sheets on her king sized bed. "Come
  on, sit down. How's your drink?" 
"Not bad, I haven't had Australian wine before, it's not bad." Seeing Lisa
  sitting on the bed which only moments ago had been the scene of some wildly
  kinky action made Charlotte a little nervous.  
"I prefer vodka myself, export quality Stolichnaya usually when I can get
  it. The one thing the Russians have always been good at is vodka. Come-on sit
  down, I don't bite." Lisa patted a corner of the bed indicating that Charlotte
  should sit down. She made her way to the bed and sat down carefully with her
  wine glass in hand.  
"How old are you?" Lisa asked Charlotte. 
"Sixteen, you?" Charlotte asked nervously.  
"Twenty-two. Wow, it's taken you this long to work out how you feel? That's
  amazing. Where have you been? Hiding in the closet?" 
"No," Charlotte answered defensively. "I've never really thought about boys
  in any way. I was always trying to beat them at sport I guess&hellip;" 
"Ah&hellip; A bit of a tomboy hey. I guess that explains your dress. Mr Campbell's
  idea of converting you I assume?" 
"Yeah, you should see some of the others, they're fucking ridiculous." Instinctively
  Charlotte raised her hand to her mouth to suppress the swearword, but Lisa
  just laughed at her.  
"Christ, he's got you wrapped around his little finger hasn't he? Don't worry,
  I don't care and I won't tell him." Lisa laughed. 
"I suppose so. You don't know what it's like. Trapped in that apartment,
  trying to cope with everything that's going on." 
"Oh I don't know about that &ndash; my better half keeps me pretty 'busy'
  at home. But only on my terms." Lisa said the word 'busy' in a mischievous
  fashion.  
"You're married?" Charlotte asked shocked. 
"Not yet, soon though, have a look at this." Lisa extended her hand from
  the broad lace sleeves of her vampish scarlet and red dress. On one of her
  fingers she sported a thick silver ring upon which was set a deep black sapphire.
  An intricate pattern of vines entwined the band and the gem.  
"We're engaged and getting married at the Winter Solstice." 
"What does he think about all this then?" Charlotte asked waving her hand
  about the room.  
"He doesn't mind. In fact I think it kind of amuses him. I do it because
  I enjoy it. To tell the truth I don't need to work, Gerard makes enough money
  for the two of us to live comfortably on. But I still enjoy the work and he
  enjoys the stories I bring home. Not to mention that he comes down after work
  or at lunch sometimes just to watch. My Johns all understand. In fact I think
  he gives some of them suggestions about what to do to me." She grinned evilly. 
"So, its perfectly normal then? What I feel inside I mean." Charlotte asked
  tentatively.  
"Sure it is. Everyone's got their own kinks, even if they don't admit it.
  All the crap people go on about morals and the rest is bullshit. Have a look
  through Betsy-Jo's ledger and you'll find quite a few interesting names in
  there. In fact it's half the reason she can operate so openly. The police commissioner,
  he's into a bit of man on man action, comes in once every few weeks to relieve
  himself.  
"The senior district attorney, well he likes dressing up in women's clothing
  and getting a solid spanking. Three of the circuit court judges are on our
  books; one of them likes to be encased in leather and treated like a human
  urinal. In fact when you look at it, the two of us are pretty tame in comparison.  
"The local congressman; you know the one who's constantly on television bemoaning
  the moral decline of America?" 
"I think so, was he the one going on about gay marriage. Said marriage should
  be between 'Adam and Eve', not 'Adam and Steve'?" Charlotte remembered that
  episode well, there had been mass demonstrations outside his office and the
  police had been called in.  
"That's him. Probably had a butt plug shoved up his ass at the press conference.
  He visits Mistress Violet at least once a week, loves to have her force him
  give blow jobs to other men. 
"Hypocrisy's rife, all these supposedly upstanding citizens lecturing us
  on how to live our lives according to God's law while they break every single
  one and even some you've never thought of. It's no surprise that people like
  us get confused from time to time." 
"I hadn't thought about it like that." Charlotte thought through all the
  revelations that had been exposed to her today. She wasn't sick, or strange.  
Lisa spoke again: "The trick however, Charlotte, is to only do those things
  that you want to do. You can't let people take advantage of you, unless you
  want them to. I don't know exactly what Mr Campbell's been up to, but I can
  guess. Has he made you do anything that you didn't want to do?" 
"I suppose not. Well, at the time I didn't think I did, but afterward&hellip;" 
"Well, you've been lucky. Charlotte, this is important &ndash; do you want
  to stay there with him?" 
Charlotte almost responded in the negative. She almost told Lisa that under
  no circumstances would she want to spend another night in the apartment. But
  as she was about to do so a series of contrary emotions and thoughts unleashed
  themselves. 
What would she do if she wasn't with Mr Campbell? How would she make her
  way home, she didn't have as much as a nickel to call her own. She guessed
  she could ask Lisa or Jane for money, but she'd only just met them. And even
  if they did give her enough for a bus or plane ticket home, then what would
  she use to live on? The stock of cash that her father had kept for emergencies
  in their home safe was near on depleted. Adding further complication was the
  fact that even if she did manage to escape Mr Campbell's clutches, she had
  no way of surviving unless she took a job.  
Charlotte was wise enough in the way of the world to know that at sixteen,
  without any qualifications, she would be lucky to get a minimum wage job that
  would barely allow her to live. For a split second she thought about Betsy-Jo's
  earlier veiled employment proposition and discarded the thought immediately.
  If Charlotte left, she'd want to go home and Betsy-Jo's establishment was a
  thousand miles away from there. Her establishment was also right underneath
  Mr Campbell's nose. No, that wasn't an option.  
Her thoughts moved on to Mr Campbell himself. He scared her, not because
  he was frightening himself, but because his power over her was so complete
  and she had no idea what his motivations were. He had said that he was looking
  after her interests, trying to make her a better person. Yet today's outing
  had helped her put some more pieces of his puzzle together.  
Her mother had shared similar interests to herself in the bedroom and somehow
  that had led to an estrangement from Mr Campbell. He was a regular client of
  Betsy-Jo's&hellip; until recently. The corrective actions he imposed on her
  all seemed to have a sexual bent to them. Add to that the way he looked at
  her sometimes. All this suggested that he wasn't merely driven by an altruistic
  intention to help her. There was something more there, something sexual.  
And her dreams! The dreams of the tower, the whip's tail licking her body
  as she thrashed about in an orgasmic frenzy of pleasure and pain. She knew
  in her heart of hearts that Mr Campbell was the dark figure in her dreams.
  For the first time she considered that maybe her feelings toward him were more
  complicated than those between the captor and the captive.  
He was so old, okay he didn't look it, but he was almost old enough to be
  her father, in fact he very well could have been her father had her mother
  and he stayed together. But age didn't matter, did it? 
She didn't know how she felt anymore. But now the thought of running away,
  of failing to further explore these feelings and their possibilities unsettled
  her.  
After a very long period of silence Charlotte finally answered Lisa question: "I
  think I might want to stay. For a lot of reasons." 
Lisa put her hand under Charlotte's chin and lifted her head up to meet her
  gaze. Lisa's dark piercing eyes, framed by the heavy mascara, stared into Charlotte's
  own eyes, evaluating the truth of the statement just uttered by the young girl.
  Some moments later, satisfied by what she saw, Lisa pulled her hand away and
  nodded to herself.  
"Charlotte, if you want to stay then you must listen very carefully to what
  I'm about to say. I wish we had more time to spend with each other so that
  I could be sure that I could cover everything. But as it is I have a client
  arriving in forty-five minutes and I believe Jane has to get you home." 
Lisa then proceeded to give Charlotte an abridged lecture on safe sex practices
  and BDSM. For half an hour the older girl stressed the importance of understanding
  exactly how consent worked in a relationship built on power dichotomies. Dominance,
  Safe words, safe play, submission, protection, abuse, slaves, masters, comfort
  levels. Lisa filled that half an hour with trying to instruct Charlotte on
  what was and wasn't appropriate in a BDSM environment. At the end of the time,
  just as Lisa began touching up her makeup in preparation for her next appointment,
  she stressed the importance of talking to Mr Campbell to discuss these issues. 
Charlotte responded: "But I don't know if I like him like that. I mean I've
  never&hellip; you-now." 
"It doesn't matter Charlie, whether you like it or not you're already living
  in that environment. You need to address the things we talked about with him,
  regardless. As I said before, a BDSM relationship isn't about sex, it's about
  power. That's what can make it dangerous. If there are no limits, no rules
  except for what he makes, then its borderline abuse. There need to be rules.  
"Look Charlie, I know Frank. He can be stubborn, he can be pigheaded, he
  can be many things, but at the end of the day he is a rational, caring human
  being. Just talk to him. I think you might be surprised at his reaction." 
Unfortunately time got the better of the pair in the end. Lisa received a
  phone call from reception informing her that her client had arrived. Hurriedly
  she hustled Charlotte back out into the lounge, but not before asking Charlotte
  to visit her again if she could get Mr Campbell to agree. The two of them embraced
  as friends in Lisa's bedroom doorway before the older girl retreated back into
  her room to service her latest customer.  
It was with a tinge of regret that Charlotte left Betsy-Jo's. She'd spent
  only a short time with Lisa, but had almost immediately felt a kinship with
  the older girl that she had never shared with any other female &ndash; or male
  for that matter. She imagined that this would be how having an older sister
  would feel.  
Chapter 29 &ndash; Do Butterflies Have Teeth? 
The trip back from Betsy-Jo's fortuitously avoided the start of evening peak
  hour. Charlotte and Jane remained silent during the trip. Charlotte had learnt
  a great deal, not only about herself but also about Mr Campbell. 
For herself, she no longer dreaded the flutter of butterfly wings in her
  stomach. Her time with Lisa had assured Charlotte that she was neither outlandish
  nor depraved. The self-fear and loathing that had coerced her into confronting
  Mr Campbell with her darkest fears was now behind her. However, now a daunting
  challenge faced her.  
Confronting Mr Campbell.  
Charlotte was unsure how to approach him. He had made it abundantly clear
  that he regarded her behaviour as an aberration, as something to be squashed
  and suppressed. Yet Charlotte was now convinced that how she felt was anything
  but deviant and sick. How could she convince him otherwise?  
That problem sat prominently in her mind as the Jaguar pulled up outside
  the apartment building. The comic routine of disembarking from the car now
  repeated itself. Jane stepped from the back seat of the car as soon as the
  chauffeur opened her door and pulled on Charlotte's toddler harness. She clambered
  across the leather upholstery following the red headed psychologist into the
  lobby. A few people were walking past on the sidewalk, each stared in turn
  at the sixteen-year-old in her virginal white dress, tights and Mary Janes.
  Charlotte by this stage ignored the passers-by; she was too busy composing
  herself for the upcoming encounter.  
The elevator opened for the two women and Jane swiped the security card over
  the scanner to grant them access to the penthouse. As the lift ascended Charlotte
  felt her apprehension growing inside her. Eventually the lift ceased its ascent
  and the doors opened out onto the foyer of the apartment, its soothing water
  feature imposed a modicum of calm on the angst-ridden girl.  
Mr Campbell must have been informed of their arrival, for he met them in
  the foyer. A curious look sat on his worried face. Jane had been less than
  forthcoming in discussing where she was taking Charlotte, he was clearly curious
  as to what the two woman had been up to.  
He welcomed them back and suggested they all take afternoon tea in the sitting
  room. Jane replied promptly for both of them and the three of them walked into
  a room that Charlotte had only briefly walked past before. Soft lighting lit
  the room in the absence of any natural light, family portraits, photos and
  tasteful early-period impressionist art hung from the walls. A coffee table
  sat in the middle of the room, a decanter of Mr Campbell's favourite brandy
  sitting in the centre. Four dark leather couches sat arranged in a semi circle
  about the table.  
Each of them took a seat, Jane sitting between Mr Campbell and Charlotte
  while Bosker materialized to ask them whether they wanted drinks. Jane asked
  for a chilled chardonnay while Charlotte remained cautious and asked for some
  coffee. Bosker disappeared to fetch the drinks while an uneasy silence settled
  over the room.  
Mr Campbell finally broke the silence moments before Charlotte could no longer
  bear the quiet: "Well, how did your outing go? Do you mind if I ask what the
  two of you got up to?" 
Charlotte was considering when Jane beat her to it. "I'm sure Charlotte will
  fill you in later on Frank. For the moment though there are a few things that
  I feel I must say as a professional psychologist.  
"I'm sure you've meant well in how you've handled Charlotte's arrival here,
  but the way you have been treating her is inappropriate &ndash;" 
"I haven't done anything. In fact, I resent &ndash;" Mr Campbell interrupted,
  clearly outraged at what he considered to be an unfounded accusation. 
"Frank, let me finish first&hellip; Thankyou." Mr Campbell closed his mouth
  and let the red head continue: "It inappropriate Frank because you've been
  punishing Charlotte for something that she cannot change. You may as well whip
  a leopard for having spots, you're not going to change anything, actually what
  you've been doing is entirely counter productive." 
"What are you talking about Jane? I asked you to talk to Charlotte because
  she thinks that something's wrong with her." 
Charlotte recognised that she should step into the conversation: "But there's
  nothing wrong with me Mr Campbell." 
"Whatever do you mean Charlotte? Only last night you were crying about being
  how you thought you were a freak." He replied, switching his attention to Charlotte.  
"That was last night, but today I met some people and saw some things that
  have made me realise that I'm just as normal as the next person." For the first
  time in days she steeled herself to meet his blazing gaze. His eyes pierced
  her, searching her soul, searing into her brain.  
Jane interrupted this pseudo staring contest. "Frank, Charlotte shows all
  the classic signs of being a submissive woman. I knew from almost the first
  moment I spoke to her. Our outing has reinforced that view in my mind." 
Mr Campbell's eyes remained fixed on Charlotte, yet he addressed his words
  to Jane: "Go on&hellip;" 
"In light of that discovery, everything makes a perverse sort of sense. Ever
  since Charlotte arrived you instituted a strict behavioural regime. Correct?" 
"Yes." 
"Problem is that your regime has resulted in Charlotte undergoing her sexual
  awakening. She's discovering who she is, and as they say: 'the apple never
  falls far from the tree.'" 
Mr Campbell raised his eyebrows questioningly toward Charlotte: "Is that
  right, is it?" 
Fighting a burning desire to break from his stare Charlotte replied. "I guess
  so." 
"So what's your point Jane? Charlotte's still full of these disgusting thoughts.
  What exactly have you achieved today? I asked you to help my little girl and
  this is all you can come up with? That my behaviour is inappropriate?" Mr
  Campbell now turned to face Jane.  
"Frank &ndash;"  
"No Jane, be quiet. I can't have Charlotte running around like some gangbanger.
  What will people think of her? What would her mother say if she were alive
  today? You didn't see her when she came here: 'Fuck this, fuck that'. Never
  a 'please' from her. Not a single piece of polite language. Thankfully that's
  changing. Now you're trying to tell me that what I'm doing is inappropriate?
  Get out of my house." 
"Not until I'm finished. What this is all about Frank, is that these feelings
  of Charlotte's are far from inappropriate. How Charlotte feels and reacts to
  what you've been doing to her is perfectly natural." 
"I won't accept that." Now he turned to face Charlotte directly: "your mother
  tried to tell me the same thing, but I simply won't accept it. No-one could
  possibly enjoy what she wanted me to do to her." Mr Campbell spat out those
  final words in disgust. 
Jane continued: "Yet that hasn't stopped you from performing on Charlotte
  a number of the things that Jeanine wanted you to do to her&hellip;" 
"How dare you - How dare you! You have no comprehension at all do you Jane.
  Nor do you Charlotte. You march in here after spending the morning traipsing
  across the city and suddenly you think you can understand completely what I
  had to cope with. The pair of you are ludicrous. You have no idea. If you think
  I've even touched upon the horrific things she talked about then you have another
  thing coming.  
"'The things she wanted me to do to her', as you so eloquently put
  it Jane, are so far removed from anything that I have done to little Charlotte
  here, that it beggars belief. I'm not even going to discuss this topic with
  you. You have no comprehension." 
"Frank &ndash; " Jane began again. 
"No Jane, no more." 
"Just listen to me &ndash;" 
Charlotte felt that it was time to intervene: "Stop it! Both of you!" 
The two of them surprisingly shut up as Charlotte raised her voice: "Jane &ndash; enough!
  I can handle this by myself. Mr Campbell, I'm sorry for all this. I'd like
  to talk to you privately about it if I could." 
Jane quietly whispered to Charlotte: "I don't think this is such a good idea
  Charlotte." 
"Shut up! Look, this is my life we're talking about here, my feelings, who I am.
  I'm sick of having other people dictate how I live. I'm sick of being pushed
  around, I'm sick of being told who I am, whether I'm sick or normal or whatever!
  I'm fucking sick of it Jane. You're almost as bad as he is you know. If anyone
  is going to work out who I am - it is ME for fuck's sake!" 
"Charlotte &ndash;" Mr Campbell warned her sternly, she ratcheted her fury,
  and her language down a level or two.  
"Sorry, I shouldn't have sworn. What I am saying Jane, is that I will deal
  with this with Mr Campbell by myself, on my terms. Thankyou for your help,
  I really do appreciate it, but I think I need to do this myself." 
"Really, I should stay, he might &ndash;" 
"No Jane. Now. Thankyou, but I'll be fine." 
"But &ndash;" 
"Look, if you're that worried, I'm sure Mr Campbell will let me call you
  on a phone later tonight to let you know I'm okay. Would that be okay Mr Campbell?" 
Mr Campbell regarded the newly forthright Charlotte, he also looked at the
  frantic and furious Jane. Slowly he came to a conclusion of his own. He nodded
  gently.  
Jane took hold of her purse and rose to her feet, before she left the room
  she handed Charlotte the bag of magazines and DVDs from the sex shop. She stopped
  briefly to kiss Charlotte lightly on the forehead and then regarded Mr Campbell
  with a withering look. Charlotte accepted the bag gratefully, and simultaneously
  kept a firm eye on Mr Campbell.  
Finally the red headed psychologist left the sitting room with Mr Campbell
  and Charlotte looking across the room at each other carefully. Moments passed,
  Bosker entered with their drinks and carefully set them down upon the table.
  Noticing the apparent departure of Jane he left the wine glass on his tray
  and silently departed the room whilst the two remaining figures cast appraising
  stares across the quiet room.  
"Mr Campbell. It's time for some honesty. From both of us. This simply can't
  go on.  
"I've come to realise a few things recently; one of them is that until now
  I've never known who I really am. I still don't know entirely, but I'm not
  Charlie, nor am I who you want Charlotte to be. I am me, and I'm still discovering
  just what that is. But most importantly, I would never have discovered that
  if it wasn't for you.  
"So, I feel I owe you something, but at the same time things can't go on
  as they have, that bit I think Jane is right about. What has been happening
  is not right, things have to change and they have to change on terms agreeable
  to both of us." Charlotte paused for a moment, seeking acknowledgement of her
  point from Mr Campbell. 
He indicated that she should continue.  
"Until today I wanted to escape, I wanted to run away back home. I'd even
  hidden away some stuff to help me get out of here." Mr Campbell didn't even
  flinch, perhaps he had been aware of her preparations the whole time. 
"Now I'm not so sure. I think I want to stay here&hellip; with you. 
"I've thought long and hard about this. It hasn't been an easy decision to
  make. So what I'm proposing is this. I will give up trying to escape and I
  will promise to follow your instructions, all of them, but some of our rules
  have to change first." 
"Go on. I'm listening." 
"I met someone today, someone very special, someone like me. She lives with
  her boyfriend in a full time BDSM relationship. She taught me a lot of stuff
  and some of it is important to us." 
"What do you mean us, Charlotte?" 
"Oh come on Mr Campbell. Us. You and me. I don't know what your intentions
  are, but I can guess. When I first arrived you told me that you were going
  to 'rectify' my upbringing. But there's more to it than that isn't there? The
  dresses, the punishments, the humiliation &ndash; more than just a part of
  this is for you - isn't it? You enjoy inflicting them on me don't you?" 
He regarded her for a long moment before quietly stating: "Charlotte, there
  is no 'you and me', nor is there a 'you and I' which I think you will find
  is the appropriate English in this instance.  
"I am your guardian and I will do as I see fit. These childish notions of
  romance are nothing but your imagination running wild." His words hit Charlotte
  like a train. Was he telling the truth, or was he merely denying to himself
  what had been patently obvious to her?  
"My patience is wearing thin with you right at this moment. You've said that
  the rules have to change. Why exactly? All I can see is that you continue to
  be an undisciplined, disobedient little girl. I don't know what garbage Jane
  has filled your head with but it was obviously a mistake to ask her to help
  you. Clearly you won't acknowledge that the thoughts you are having are wrong,
  therefore I am going to have to devise some new approach to this problem." 
No. Charlotte thought to herself. No. This has to stop. It was time for a
  different tack.  
"I don't think so Mr Campbell." 
"What did you say?" He shuffled forward in his chair, readying himself to
  rise to his feet.  
"I said I don't think so. Earlier I said I had met someone special, like
  me. We talked to each other and it became clear to us both that what you are
  doing is abuse. There are laws against that. We also agreed that if I didn't
  contact her, that she would report you to the police." It was a complete fabrication,
  a total sham; Lisa and Charlotte had discussed no such thing. But Charlotte
  hadn't imagined that Mr Campbell would be so pigheaded, and she hoped that
  the lie would give her the leverage she so desperately needed. 
"You what?" He uttered the words, mainly to himself and sat back in his chair. 
"If I don't talk to her by a particular time, then she will have protective
  services banging down your door. So you will listen to what I have to say." 
The seconds seemed to stretch into an eternity while Charlotte waited for
  his reply to her ultimatum. Finally he spoke, calmly, quietly: "Alright. What
  do you want?" 
"I don't want much. In fact I don't want anything to change around here except
  a couple of things. First, I want a safe word." 
"A what?" His voice rang with incredulity, a rapid change from the calm of
  a few seconds ago. 
"Oh please Mr Campbell, don't play coy with me. I know all about your trips
  to Besty Jo's and Leanne. You know exactly what I'm talking about. I want a
  safe word. Something I can use if I feel uncomfortable or scared. A word I
  can use to stop whatever it is that you're doing to me that I think is dangerous
  or too much." 
"You know about Leanne?" He asked, clearly troubled by her knowledge of his
  visits to one of Betsy-Jo's pain sluts. 
"Yes I do. So now you can see how I very much doubt that there is 'nothing
  going on here'. Particularly given your regular visits to Leanne that have
  strangely ceased since I arrived here."  
"Enough! Alright Charlotte. Please go away. Go to your bedroom right now.
  I'll talk to you after dinner." 
"So you'll think about the safe word?" 
"Yes." 
Charlotte stood up slowly and gracefully walked out of the room, as she turned
  the corner into the hallway she almost thought she heard him mutter under his
  breath: "That and a lot of other things as well&hellip;" 
Chapter 30 &ndash; An Accommodation with the Predator 
Dinner had been a tense affair. The two of them sat adjacent to each other,
  Charlotte looking up from her diminutive chair and Mr Campbell occasionally
  glancing across from his seat. Not a word was spoken by either of them, with
  the exception of Mr Campbell issuing instructions to the help and Charlotte
  thanking Bosker when he removed her dirty plate and cutlery at the end of the
  meal.  
Twice their gaze met during the meal. The first time Charlotte fixed him
  in her sight inquiringly. Wondering what conclusion, if any, he had reached
  in his deliberations after she had left him in the sitting room. He had held
  her look for a few moments when he returned his attention to dinner. Obviously
  he would reveal his thoughts when he chose, hopefully after dinner, she thought
  to herself.  
The second time, as the maid removed his plate and Bosker removed hers, he
  initiated. What was that in his eyes? Curiosity? Trepidation? Was it possible
  that he was anxious? Charlotte had never seen him ruffled. She'd seen him on
  the verge of losing his temper, she'd seen him drunkenly vulnerable, but never
  had she ever received the impression that he was anything other than in complete
  control over events. Now there was something there behind those dark eyes.
  A reluctant resolve perhaps?  
Bosker removed her plate; all the while she maintained her eye contact with
  Mr Campbell. Finally he stood and spoke to her: "Might I have the pleasure
  of your company this evening my dear?" 
"Certainly." 
---- 
"I've thought long and hard about what was said this afternoon Charlotte.
  I must say that I seriously considered sending you home, making available to
  you an expense account and leaving you to your own devices until you reach
  eighteen. I still might do that.  
"But not yet. I think you were right this afternoon when you said that it
  was 'time for some honesty'." He spoke his words slowly, as if measuring each
  one carefully for impact and delivery. 
"First of all, I accept your proposal for a safe word&hellip; with conditions.
  You can use whatever word you choose only three times. Any more and I will
  send you home as I suggested before. So you'll have to think very carefully
  before using it. It would be pointless to allow you to shout it out whenever
  you get into trouble, you'd just abuse it. So three times only shall you be
  allowed to utter it. Agreed?" 
Charlotte briefly considered his question before nodding at him from her
  seat on her sheepskin in his study. "Home. I want my word to be 'Home'". 
"Fine. Now I'm going to tell you a story. How much do you know about Jeanine
  and myself?" 
Was he about to reveal the truth? Was he finally going to tell Charlotte
  what exactly had happened all those years ago?  
Briefly she explained to him what she had worked out and heard. That the
  two of them had been together, that she had suffered problems in bed with him
  due to her sexual predilections. Further, that she had resolved to talk to
  him about her problems and that sometime after that, once the two of them returned
  to college, that she had left him for Charlotte's father.  
"Well then, I see you already know most of the story. What you don't know
  is what happened after we returned to college.  
"Mid-term exams were approaching. The two of us were about to have to really
  knuckle down and study. So we put aside one final night for the two of us before
  we focussed on passing our exams.  
"I took her to the best restaurant in town, a wonderful Italian place, the
  prices were enough to make me cringe, but your mother was worth every cent.
  She wore the most perfect outfit, her hair was&hellip; sorry, you don't need
  to know that. 
"We had a wonderful dinner and then she invited me back to her place. Her
  roommate had gone out for the night. So I naturally agreed, thinking she wanted
  to make love.  
"I went inside, she asked if she could change. When she came back she was
  half naked and she began&hellip; well, she was very persuasive. We ended up
  on her bed. That was when she told me she had a request. Something that she
  had wanted to ask me long before but had been afraid to&hellip; 
"She asked me to hurt her." While recounting these memories he stared toward
  the ceiling, but with these final words he fixed his gaze sharply on Charlotte.  
"She asked me to spank her, to bite her, to hurt her. She said she needed
  it, to feel right.  
"I didn't now what to do, how to act. Here was the woman I loved, that I
  cherished. I'd have died before I saw anyone hurt even a hair on her head.
  She was my soul, my heart, my everything. And she wanted me to hurt her." He
  let silence fill the room. 
"What did you do?" Charlotte asked quietly. 
"I'm sorry, this isn't very easy for me. This is partly why I haven't told
  you this story before, every time I remember it, its like having a dagger thrust
  into my heart." A pained grimace indeed sat on his face. 
Charlotte prompted him to continue: "I'm sorry Mr Campbell, please continue:
  what happened, why did she leave you?"  
"She didn't leave me. It was a mutual decision, one that I now regret with
  all my being." 
Charlotte baulked, this wasn't what she'd been told: "What do you mean? Jane
  said your Mom told her that Jeanine had run off with your best friend, I assumed
  she meant Dad." 
"Of course I told her that. What else was I supposed to say? Sorry Mom: Jeanine
  wanted me to stick needles in her breasts, to whip her vagina, to force her
  to insert oversized objects into her anus, to degrade her to such a degree
  that I could never have agreed.  
"So I lied. Your mother wanted me to do things to her that I could never
  have agreed to. So I ran away from her because I couldn't meet her demands.
  Then she contacted me and made an ultimatum of sorts. 
"She sat down with me and professed her undying love for me. She asked me
  whether I'd ever be able to work through our problems with her desires. I told
  her I could never hurt her - the idea revolted me at the time. I couldn't see
  how two people who loved each other could ever hurt each other.  
"Then she told me that she'd met someone who understood her, that she cared
  for him, but that she also cared for me more. She wanted me &ndash; no - she
  wished with all her soul that I could be with her, but that she couldn't be
  with me if I couldn't live with her desires." 
Charlotte sat mesmerised; the pieces of the puzzle finally seemed to be falling
  into place. Mr Campbell continued: "I asked her for time. I spent a lot of
  time struggling with myself, trying to convince myself that for her sake and
  our love that I could learn to hurt her in the bedroom. I failed. In the end
  we agreed to leave each other.  
"But what made it worse, what&hellip; what... what crucifies me every
  day and every night, is that only months afterward I found I shared her fantasies.
  I was just too young at the time. Too young to understand what she needed.
  I thought she wanted pain, what she wanted was something else. Something that
  I came to understand in time, but was too late to understand in order to keep
  her. 
"That's what happened. So now you know." 
----  
Silence had descended like the blackest night over the study as he finished
  recounting his tale. Charlotte sat considering the revelations he had uncovered
  while he sat silently in his Chesterfield, looking upon the young girl sitting
  delicately before him on her sheepskin.  
"So where do we go from here young Charlotte? You've already indicated that
  you are unsatisfied with our 'current arrangements'. It seems that a single
  day with Jane has led you to think that you can demand wholesale changes around
  here.  
"Your mother's history - now that you deserved to know. I should have
  told you earlier except that as I said; every time I think about her my heart
  gets rent apart all over again. But now I've told you. You do realise that
  I have never told anyone else that whole story don't you?" 
"I appreciate it very much Mr Campbell, I think I understand it all a bit
  better now. Thankyou." 
He looked at her carefully and then spoke again: "But the past is the past.
  The two of us still have unfinished business: 'where do we go from here?'"  
Charlotte looked up at him curiously.  
"Since it seems to be the time for confessions and the truth, let me correct
  a previous statement that I made. You asked me whether I liked inflicting my
  punishments and humiliations on you. I deliberately avoided answering the question.
  So, ask me again." 
Charlotte thought back to her encounter with him this afternoon, trying to
  remember her exact words, in the end she was forced to paraphrase: "When you
  punish me, humiliate me, make me dress up, do you enjoy that?" 
With an absolutely deadpan face Mr Campbell firmly responded from his couch: "Yes.
  Yes I do." 
Charlotte was taken aback. She had guessed at the truth but she'd never expected
  him to admit to it so readily.  
"I do enjoy it. I have recordings of every single minute of your time here,
  and with a few exceptions I've watched almost every minute. I enjoy watching
  you suffer, but you know what my little Charlotte? You enjoy every single minute
  almost as much as I do."  
Her pulse quickened to a frenzy. What the hell was going on here?  
"Since we're being so brutally honest with each other lets get it all out
  shall we? I enjoy tormenting you, I enjoy dreaming up new ways to humiliate
  you, to make you squeal, to have control over you. I enjoy it. But you, you
  my little beautiful girl, you love it just as much. So when you said that 'This
  can't go on', I don't believe you. Not for a minute. Personally I don't understand
  your reaction, nor did I understand your mother's reaction to pain. I think
  it's perverse, disgusting. You are a filthy little slut and I'll bet that right
  now, at this very moment you're dripping wet. I'll bet that underneath those
  little white tights of yours your pussy is gushing." 
He was right, even being in the same room as him, his smooth voice, his menacing
  figure and unpredictable ability to throw her completely off balance had led
  to the butterflies beginning to flutter.  
"Tell me I'm wrong and I'll let you go. I'll send you home and you can look
  after yourself till you turn eighteen. Tell me I'm wrong."  
She remained silent, she kept eye contact with him, but she was struggling
  not to automatically gaze submissively at the floor. 
"No, I didn't think I was. So I'll ask my question again: 'Where do we go
  from here?'" 
"I don't know." She uttered almost mutely. 
"Well, I have a proposition for you. One that should prove 'mutually agreeable'
  to the two of us. You said you want changes, that some of our 'arrangements'
  are not to your liking. Fine, then you can buy them." 
"You tell me what you want changed and I'll tell you the price your body
  will have to pay for those changes to occur. If you don't like the price then
  the change doesn't happen. You've heard the story about your mother, how she
  wanted me to treat her, how I was never able to? Well, since you've decided
  to follow in her footstep's we'll see just how far you can go. 
"Do you agree?" 
How did he do it? In moments he had turned her upside down, torn away her
  resolve to confront him, and now she was about to agree to this game.  
He stood up now and walked to his sewing table. From beneath it he extracted
  a shabby brown suitcase. With it in tow he returned to his seat, waiting a
  response from her.  
She gulped as she remembered his earlier words about her mother: 
The things she wanted me to do to her are so far removed from anything
    that I have done to little Charlotte here, that it beggars belief. 
Would he go that far now? He'd just admitted to enjoying tormenting her,
  not that the revelation itself had surprised her. What had surprised her was
  his readiness to admit it to her.  
wanted me to stick needles in her breasts, 
to whip her vagina,  
to force her to insert oversized objects into her anus,  
to degrade her to such a degree that I could never have agreed&hellip; 
It now occurred to her that maybe her safe word was a double-edged sword.
  Had he held back previously? Unsure of her limits had he deliberately restricted
  the intensity of her punishments? Now that she had a means of communicating
  that limit would he push her harder? The concept horrified her. She thought
  back through the things he had done, or had had done to her and wondered whether
  she would have used her safe word had it been available to her then.  
Would she have used the word when Madeline had coerced her onto the riding
  horse? Probably not, the pain had been nearly unbearable, but not to the point
  of sacrificing one of the precious uses of her safe word.  
The clamps and panties had brought tears to her eyes with every movement
  she had made; yet she doubted that she would have used the word in that situation
  either. Would she use it at all knowing that each use brought her closer and
  closer to being sent back home, away from him.  
Being trapped in the diaper until she'd peed herself, well that hadn't been
  painful, deeply embarrassing and humiliating maybe, but certainly not worth
  the use of her word.  
What would she use it on, if anything&hellip; 
stick needles in her breasts 
whip her vagina 
force her to insert oversized objects into her anus 
 
The things she wanted me to do to her are so far removed from anything
    that I have done to little Charlotte here, that it beggars belief. 
And now: 
Since you've decided to follow in her footstep's we'll see just how far
    you can go&hellip; 
The mere thought of being pushed so far drove her into a wild flux. Her cheeks
  felt flushed and her thighs burned with an uncontrollable hunger.  
"Alright." 
"Alright what?" 
"Alright Mr Campbell, I'll play your game." His eyes lit up in anticipation.
  What had she unleashed? 
"Well. What is it you want? What are you so keen to see change in this house
  that you are prepared to suffer agony, torment and despair in order to achieve
  it?" 
She thought through her mental list of demands, demands that she had initially
  planned on presenting to him as a fait accompli. However again, events had
  spiralled out of her control. Now she found herself prioritising them, wondering
  what price he would extract from her for their implementation.  
"I don't want to be kept locked up all the time." She muttered. 
"I'm sorry, I can't hear you my darling, speak up. What did you say?" 
"I said 'I don't want to be kept locked up all the time.' I want to be able
  to visit Lisa occasionally. I like her and I think she likes me, I don't have
  any friends here but I think she's great. I would like to see her from time
  to time." 
"Alright. But there will be conditions. Firstly, you must be dressed appropriately
  as determined by me. Secondly, you will return home by dinnertime. If you wish
  I will arrange to make the car available to you. Thirdly, during each of your
  visits you must spend some of your time together in a public place, the park,
  a restaurant, somewhere where everyone around will see you in your pretty little
  clothing. Those are the conditions, are you generally in agreement?" 
"What about the leash?" 
"What about it?" 
"Do I have to wear it? What if I promise not to run away?" 
"I will for the moment consider the leash part of what comprises appropriate
  clothing. That may change in the future if you continue to prove that you are
  trustworthy by yourself outside of the apartment.  
"Now the question is my little Charlotte, will you be prepared to pay the
  price for me agreeing to allow you out of the house to see Lisa." 
"Price? I thought the clothes and the bit in public were the price?"  
"Not at all my dear. They were merely the conditions, you still have to pay
  a price." He leant forward and opened the suitcase in such a way that she was
  unable to see its contents.  
"For a start Charlotte you will remove all of your clothes. You won't need
  all of them for the time being. Until I tell you otherwise you will remove
  your dress, panties, tights, shoes and socks. Then I want you to put these
  on." He passed her a pair of white stay up stockings followed by a new pair
  of frilly white socks and her trusty black Mary Janes. 
"I want you naked except for these items until I deem fit. I want to look
  at your naked body, your shaven vagina, your cute little bottom and your delectable
  breasts. This is the price you will pay if you want to see Lisa. Are you prepared
  to pay it?" 
She thought only briefly about it before standing up in front of him. "You
  want me to change here? In front of you?" What was she doing? Somewhere in
  the back of her mind she asked herself why she was doing this. Hadn't he only
  just admitted that he enjoyed making her suffer, that he lusted after her.
  He was so old, she was too young! But logic played no part in her decision
  making process now. The butterflies were making her decisions for her, this
  felt right somehow.  
"If you like. I don't mind, you can use the screen if you like." He pointed
  toward the changing screen in the corner. 
"No, it's alright, I'll change now." 
Slowly she untied the bow at her back loosening the dress around her waist.
  Dextrously reaching behind her back she pulled the zip down and stepped out
  of the dress, leaving it lying on the ground. She stood now in just her tights,
  socks, panties and shoes. One at a time she knelt down and unbuckled her pink
  shoes and took her socks off, carefully folding them and placing them on her
  sheepskin.  
Mr Campbell sat in his chair watching her slowly remove her clothing. The
  room's soft lighting glowed against her delicate skin. He watched her every
  move carefully, lugubriously.  
Now she was rolling her opaque tights down her legs revealing the plain cotton
  white panties beneath. These panties were absent of frills or ruffles, given
  that they sat under her tights. Finally she pulled her panties down, revealing
  her perfectly shaped girlhood, cleanly shaven as of that morning.  
Taking the stockings she rolled them up her legs and adjusted them about
  her thighs. The lacy tops of the stockings clung enticingly to the tops of
  her thighs. Then she pulled on her frilly white socks, taking an opportunity
  to look up at Mr Campbell between adjusting each one. He sat staring appraisingly
  at her naked body.  
Finally she buckled on her shoes and stood in front of him. "Like this?" 
"Yes, just like that. Now &ndash; you've got your visits to Lisa, what's
  next on your list of 'grievances'?" 
Charlotte considered the next item on her mental list. Naked, she stood in
  front of him wondering what his price for her next desire would be.  
"No more Madeline. You I can handle, but not her. It's like you and I are
  two different sides of the same coin. I see that now. But what you do for&hellip;" she
  sought after the right word, "amusement; she does out of malice. I want her
  away from me; in fact I want to get her back." 
"Is that one request or two? Never mind."  
He thought for a few moments. "Madeline has been with my family as long as
  I can remember Charlotte; I can't very well let her go on your whim. I understand
  your frustration with her; I watched the footage of you in the nursery just
  this morning. You might say Madeline was rather over judicious.  
"But whether you like it or not, Madeline performs an important role in this
  household. I won't let her go, and I won't allow you to 'get her back'. What
  I will do however is ban her from being alone with you. Is that enough?" 
"I suppose so. But I really want to give her a taste of her own medicine &ndash;" 
"No, definitely not. I won't allow it." 
"But you'll keep her away from me then?" 
"That depends on whether you will pay the price." In an instant he changed
  from businesslike negotiator to deviant predator. The look on his face had
  Charlotte dreading to ask what the price would be. Luckily he saved her the
  trouble of gathering the courage to ask. 
"One hour, every evening. You, me &ndash; alone. You will do whatever I ask
  of you, within reason. If I want you to play human mannequin then you'll do
  so. If I ask you to play with your dolls for me, you'll do it. No questions
  asked."  
"No more Madeline?" She asked hopefully. 
"Not quite. Come here." He patted his thighs, suggesting that she should
  come and sit on his lap. An almost naked Charlotte, clad only in white stockings,
  frilly socks and her shoes, approached him and gently sat on his knee, her
  naked bottom gracing his fine Italian silk suit pants.  
"The hour each night, and you'll let me put this on you now. You'll wear
  it until I am satisfied with its effect on your breasts." He pulled out of
  the suitcase a white painted wood contraption. Two pieces of gently curving
  wooden dowel had been attached together by three lengths of metal thread. Atop
  the top of each piece of thread sat a wing nut. Charlotte guessed the nature
  of the contraption. It was a vice designed to squeeze her breasts tightly between
  the two lengths of wood.  
"I put that thing on and no more Madeline, right?"  
"None, you'll only see her at dinner time, and I'll be there to make sure
  she behaves." He brandished the cruel looking vice in his hands, and ran his
  arms around her torso, holding the open vice in front of her defenceless breasts.
  She considered it, weighing up the relative benefits. 
"How tight are you going to do that thing up?" 
"That's up to me. Do you agree or not?" 
This was all going to fast. Everything had made perfect sense when she'd
  talked to Lisa. She was going to get her demands, get some answers and live
  happily ever after&hellip; Now she realised that she'd had unreal expectations.
  As soon as she'd walked into the same room as him she could feel his power
  over her. A power that had at first been applied through coercion and threats
  but that he now wielded over her simply by his presence.  
Power is as seductive to the wielder as it is to the object of that power
  and Charlotte was now well and truly caught up in its thrall.  
She nodded to him as he fed each of her breasts between the two pieces of
  wood. Satisfied that he had captured enough of her modest globes in order to
  prevent the vice from falling off, he squeezed the two pieces of wood together
  and rapidly spun the nuts down the thread until they rested against the wood.
  Now secure from falling off he began slowly, inexorably tightening each of
  the screws down.  
At first the vice proved uncomfortable, then as the nuts ran further and
  further down the thread her breasts began to bulge out between the wood. Uncomfortable
  became unpleasant and then unpleasant became distressing. Still he kept tightening
  the nuts and Charlotte began to moan with each twist of the screws.  
Her breasts were already becoming discoloured, a rosy red flush settled on
  them as the base of her breasts were squeezed tighter and tighter - trapping
  blood within their distended flesh. Finally, when it felt like to her as if
  the two pieces of dowel must almost be touching and her breasts were about
  to burst, he stopped and had her stand in front of him.  
He ran his fingers over the taut bulging flesh of her breasts. It seemed
  to her that every touch was magnified ten fold. Delicately he touched her nipples
  and the butterflies in her stomach soared to new heights. 
"Now what would you like next my tormented little pet?" He asked soothingly. 
Her mind was awash in pain and pleasure; it took her a few moments to remember
  the next item on her list.  
"My bedroom should be my room. It should be my place." She struggled for
  breath between each sentence, her breasts burned, two balls of crushing intense
  agony. "I want to be able to put posters up, keep my own stuff there. I don't
  want Bosker, Madeline or you snooping through it. I want the camera turned
  off and I want an allowance, nothing huge, just enough to buy some magazines
  and stuff once a week." She needed a private space, somewhere that she could
  escape to. A refuge. Of all her demands, this was the most important to her.  
"Why? So you can secret away more things to help you escape? Like the cup
  full of my brandy you have hidden in your desk?" 
So, he had known what she was up to. He hadn't reacted before when she'd
  revealed she'd been planning on escaping, she'd guessed then that he had known.
  Now she knew for sure. 
"No, I promised you that I won't try to escape. You have my word on my father's
  life of that. 
"I want my privacy so that I can be me, in the quiet of my own room. Everyone
  needs privacy from time to time. That's all I want. A place to call my own."  
"Don't forget the 'allowance'. You ask for a lot Charlotte. But first, I'm
  intrigued. Exactly how were you planning on escaping? What were you planning
  on doing &ndash; spiking Bosker's tea with the brandy and hoping he'd pass
  out?" He asked jovially, whilst continuing to lightly stroke her breasts, which
  were turning a darker blue all the time. 
"No, I was going to make a fire. Use the brandy as fuel and set off the fire
  alarms." He pinched her nipple sharply as she said the word 'fire', she bit
  back a squeal and continued: "Then I was going to make it down the lift or
  out the fire escape in the confusion. Or cling to a fireman or something. I
  hadn't quite worked it all out."  
"Clever, unlikely to work, but clever nonetheless. I must commend you for
  your ingenuity. An interesting concept Charlotte, I admit I hadn't thought
  of you trying that, with a lot of luck it might just have worked. 
He continued stroking her breasts, alternately flicking or pinching her highly
  erect and sensitive nipples. Each minute blow caused a great deal of pain,
  but she managed to bite her tongue and stifle any reaction.  
"So: my camera turned off, no 'snooping', an allowance and you want to be
  able to do what you like with your room. That's quite a lot, particularly as
  I still don't trust you entirely. I can't even begin to think of a price. 
"Perhaps a week in nursery?" He looked at her face, her eyes were suitably
  downcast but he judged her reaction to that proposition as insufficient, "No,
  that's not it, not enough. I can see it in your eyes. This requires something&hellip; special." 
She looked up at him, he was burning with lust. She also noticed a decided
  bulge in his pants along with the desire evident in his eyes. She wondered
  what something this special would entail.  
He left her breasts alone for a few moments and leant back toward the open
  suitcase. "Put these on, actually no." He had pulled out a familiar item, the
  white thigh straps and their brutal little clamps. "No, I will put these on
  you myself. Come here and spread your legs my little pet." 
"But you haven't told me the price yet? How am I supposed to agree or not." 
"How much do you want this demand?" He asked cruelly.  
She gulped as she imagined his hands on her nether regions. No one had ever
  touched her there on the bare skin. Bosker had frisked her during panty checks
  and Madeline had rubbed her through her panties but this was different. A boundary
  was being crossed - his fingers on her naked skin.  
But the promise of her privacy was too much. She stepped closer to him, parting
  her legs slightly.  
He wrapped the first strap around her thigh, slightly lower than where she
  herself would have placed it. The springs, when taut, would now stretch even
  further than they had during her last encounter with these infernal devices,
  creating even more tension. He pulled the strap tight and buckled it, ensuring
  that the white leather band would not slide up her thigh to provide her with
  even a sliver of relief.  
Carefully he wrapped the other band about her and buckled it. Both cut into
  her thighs firmly, unable to budge up or down an inch. The short but powerful
  springs were currently coiled tightly and dangled down the inside of her legs.
  Even through her sheer white stockings, the cold metal of the clamps and springs
  raised goose bumps as they brushed against her inner thighs.  
Now she inhaled sharply as he peered carefully at her closed and unsullied
  flower. His fingers touched her for the very first time. Clumsily he gripped
  her outer labia between thumb and forefinger, pinching her harshly. She squeaked
  out a complaint at the treatment: "Be careful Mr Campbell, please don't pinch
  so hard&hellip;" 
"Be quiet, or I'll really try and pinch you." 
He stretched her lip away from her core and with his other hand opened the
  teeth of the clamp. She couldn't see his progress from above and as a result
  she jumped slightly as the clamp's teeth were released onto her flesh.  
The pain - she remembered the pain of the clamps. The sharp teeth biting
  into her flesh and the strain imposed by the springs on her stretched lips.  
Now the second clamp shut down on her delicate skin. Acting in tandem the
  two clamps not only pulled her lip away from her sex, but stretched it brutally
  taut between them. She hissed slightly as he completed one side and moved to
  the other.  
Again his hard, pinching fingers grabbed a hold of her, depriving her feminine
  core of its only fleshy defences. The two clamps in quick succession were plied
  onto her and his hands momentarily left her as he sat back to look at the stretched,
  straining skin caught between the forceful clamps and springs.  
"Pretty as a picture." The fire still burned brightly in his eyes. Charlotte
  looked upon him as he sat back appreciating the view that confronted him. Temporarily
  she had forgotten about her breasts, painfully crushed as they were in the
  wooden vice. Now her mind was entirely focussed on her stretched labia.  
His hand reached toward the suitcase again, she cringed. Wasn't this enough &ndash; hadn't
  he extracted enough from her already?  
Apparently he thought not.  
Now her old friends, the punishment panties appeared in his hand, white frills
  standing out from the waistband and a red ribbon adorning their centre. Well,
  what else had she been expecting?  
"Come here; put your foot through here. That's the girl." 
He feed each of her feet through the leg holes of the panties, trying to
  avoid catching her stockings on the sharp bristles within. By stages he worked
  them up her legs, over her knees and up her thighs. With a hand's breadth of
  distance remaining to travel before the bristles began their evil work - he
  stopped.  
"My poor little Charlotte &ndash; so stretched, so tormented. I wonder&hellip;" 
He moved his hand into the remaining gap between the panties hoisted up around
  her thighs and her crotch. She instinctively twitched as his index and middle
  finger touched her inner core. She shivered as he delicately pushed his fingers
  across the surface of her exposed slit. They ran easily over the lubricated
  surface, the attention of the clamps &ndash; not to mention the pain in her
  breasts, and he himself &ndash; had resulted in the inevitable dampness emanating
  from within her.  
"Why Charlotte &ndash; you're wet. Perhaps you weren't fibbing when you said
  you enjoy this." He lifted her chin with his free hand while she tried to stare
  at her feet, feeling ashamed and aroused. He looked at her in the eyes, a malicious
  grin spreading across his face. "More?" 
He pushed the fingers back and forth, enticing her, teasing her. Despite
  the pain, or because of it, she wanted nothing in the world more than for him
  to fill the empty void between her thighs. For him to slip that finger into
  her. She stifled a moan and closed her eyes. She wished for him to go further,
  to stop playing around the outside of her, to fill her with his strong fingers.  
Again he asked: "Would my baby Charlotte like some more?"  
Absent-mindedly her hand rose to her breast, she took one engorged nipple
  from her crushed blue breast between her fingers and began rolling it back
  and forth in between her fingers, the pain in her nipples driving her closer
  and closer to the brink. Thoughts of him filling her void with his fingers
  overwhelming her, she only half-heard his question. Wanting him to finish the
  job he'd started she nodded and replied. "Yes. Please Mr Campbell, please,
  more!" She begged. 
Immediately he withdrew his hand from her and pulled her panties the rest
  of the way up her thighs. The speed with which he pulled them up drove the
  stiff sharp bristles straight into the uncovered, unprotected flesh of her
  crotch.  
She screamed. A howl that would have rent the heavens surged out from Charlotte's
  depths. It was a potent mixture of agony tinged with a sizeable portion of
  frustration.  
Mr Campbell sat back while Charlotte fell to her knees while her hands shot
  down to cup her aching crotch. Her descent and the resultant friction between
  her crotch and the bristles produced another, but less intense cry.  
"They stay on. Until I am satisfied."  
With a look of sheer dejection she looked pleadingly toward him. He shook
  his head, indicating that no escape from this torment was forthcoming.  
Slowly, she removed her hands from her crotch. Struggling to stay afloat
  in her sea of pain, struggling to remember what the next demand she wanted
  was.  
"I would like&hellip; a say in how&hellip; I am dressed." She panted out
  the words as waves of excruciation washed over her, threatening to engulf her.  
"My-my, full of demands this evening aren't you. One problem my little darling." 
"What?"  
"I haven't finished extracting the price for your room yet." 
"Sorry? But I put the&hellip; panties on for you."  
"There is still one thing left for you to do." 
She looked curiously at him. Tears now ran slowly down her cheeks as the
  clamps dug into her, her breasts pounding with every beat of her heart and
  the bristles stabbing themselves into her. She sought for the will to ask what
  was left for her, but her state was too precarious. All she could think about
  was the pain.  
His already malicious grin grew even wider. "Masturbate yourself." 
"What?" She cried in exasperation. 
"Masturbate yourself. Rub yourself through the panties. Grind the bristles
  into yourself, rub them into your delicate little clitoris, push them into
  your hole." 
"No! I can't, oh I can't Mr Campbell, please that's too much!" She cried
  at him. It was too much, already she could barely stand the conflicting
  pains and agonies being inflicted on her. He asked too much of her.  
"Do it. Now, I've seen the tapes of you in the shower, I know you masturbate.
  Do it for me now." 
"I can't, please. Don't make me do this, I can't do it." 
He waited, seeing if she would cave in. Moments passed.  
"Then you'll stay like that until you do. I'll bind you hands behind you
  and you can stay in those panties, clamps and the vice until you agree to masturbate
  for me. If it takes all night, you will do it." 
"But, I'm already sore enough. Please Mr Campbell, don't make me do this&hellip;" 
He remained staring at her. No pity in his eyes now. At least when he'd first
  introduced her to the panties and clamps he'd exhibited signs of pity. He'd
  comforted her, told her to be brave. Now that she'd revealed her nature, her
  love of pain, and acquiesced to this game, there was no sympathy from him.  
He didn't reply to her. It was clear he would wait as long as it took.  
Slowly, she brought her right hand down to her crotch. She brushed the lacy
  ruffle around her waist and cupped her hand over her mound. She looked at him
  and shook her head slowly, her mouth scrunched in an embryonic wail. She visually
  pleaded for him to grant her a reprieve. He shook his head soberly in return,
  rebuffing her silent plea.  
Gently she pushed her fingers onto her mound, sending shooting pains straight
  into her. The bristles, even lightly touched extracted cries of misery from
  Charlotte. She imagined the vicious bristles lacerating her tender unprotected
  membranes, it certainly felt to her as though she were being viciously slashed
  apart underneath the panties.  
The fat, pregnant tears that had been slowly migrating their way down her
  cheeks now evolved into a constant rivulet as she moved her fingers slowly
  back and forth delicately over her crotch.  
"Harder, you're barely even trying." 
"No, I can't." But contrary to her refusal she did apply slightly more pressure,
  eliciting even stronger cries. Semi naked she knelt on her knees before Mr
  Campbell. Her breasts bulging out from the painfully tight breast vice, one
  hand between her legs, gently plying at her sex through the panties.  
He leant forward and placed one hand behind her back, preventing her from
  pulling away from him. "Keep playing with yourself Charlotte." He remonstrated
  with her as his free hand descended on one of the wing nuts on the breast vice.
  Slowly, while Charlotte continued moving her fingers back and forth, he tightened
  the breast vice even further, squeezing her already disfigured and bulging
  breasts even further.  
"No please!" She screamed.  
"Your clitoris Charlotte, grind the bristles into your clitoris." 
Now, without an ounce of free will left, caught up in a tornado of pain she
  moved her fingers upwards along her vulnerable pussy and pressed down on her
  clitoris. Red explosions of pain, animalistic screams - the wicked bristles
  stabbed into her already aroused clitoris.  
Mr Campbell, content after having tightened the vice a few extra, agonising,
  but crucial turns, now sat back down.  
She was now beyond control or caring, the butterflies, already beating their
  wings more rapidly than she could ever have remembered in her short life reached
  a new crescendo. Through the pain she rubbed herself harder, grinding the bristles
  deeper into her flesh, pushing, rubbing, grinding.  
Suddenly, from within the depths of pain she exploded into a zenith of pleasure,
  a release, a flood, a mind-blowing detonation comparing against nothing she
  had felt before. Time slowed down and it seemed like minutes passed her by
  as she felt an incomparable rush of exhilaration and release&hellip; 
And then everything went black. 
Chapter 31 &ndash; St Agatha's School for Wayward Girls 
She awoke lying on her side, her hand trapped between her thighs, in front
  of Mr Campbell who was kneeling next to her. She still wore the clamps, panties
  and vice. Mr Campbell was gently touching her shoulder calling her name quietly.  
"What happened?" She asked. 
"You fainted, just now. You screamed and then just slowly toppled over sideways." 
"How long?" 
"Just now, couldn't have been more than a second or two. Are you alright?" He
  asked with a touch of concern in his voice. 
"I'm more than alright. I was floating&hellip; somewhere nice. That was&hellip; amazing." 
"As long as you are alright." He rose back to his feet and offered Charlotte
  his hand. She accepted it, and winced as she rose to her feet and the bristles
  recommenced their assault on her splayed sex.  
She couldn't believe it. She'd just brought herself to orgasm by masturbating
  in the punishment panties. She'd had orgasms before; she wasn't so sheltered
  not to know about them. Any teen over twelve these days had access to magazines
  targeted specifically at their age group that talked about those things. Nevertheless
  she'd never had one so powerful and all consuming as the one she'd just had.
  If she had any remaining doubts about the roots of her sexuality they were
  well and truly swept away now.  
Even now she still felt the ebbing throb in her thighs. If formed a lasting
  radiance, supplanting the constant pain and irritation caused by her panties
  and the vice.  
Mr Campbell was again sitting back his leather couch. Gone was the pitiless
  manner that had heavily contributed to her plunging over the edge. Still lust
  burnt in him though, clear for Charlotte to see, but the uncontrollable fire
  that had raged earlier was now tempered with concern at Charlotte's fainting.  
Whilst she still sat contently floating in her slowly receding enchantment
  Mr Campbell broke the silence that lay over the room like a heavy blanket: "You
  had further demands Charlotte? You mentioned something about how you're dressed
  earlier." 
Pulling her mind back to the task of her demands proved difficult. It was
  so easy just to stay floating in the afterglow of bliss. Slowly her thoughts
  began to reassemble themselves after being shattered into tiny fragments during
  her ordeal.  
"I want a say in how I'm dressed. Look, I know you want me to look a certain
  way sometimes; and when you want me to I'll dress like that. But when I'm home
  alone, or if you ever take me out, don't you think that I should have some
  clothing that's just a little bit more normal?" 
His immediate reaction to her demand was one of scorn: "Aren't we getting
  a little ahead of ourselves. When you first arrived I told you that I intended
  you to become a lady and that necessitated starting from scratch, hence your
  clothes. Now you think that after a week you've somehow grown out of needing
  the clothes as a constant reminder?" 
"I didn't say all the time Mr Campbell. I just thought that if you wanted
  to take me out to dinner or something that it might prove to be a little confronting
  for you. Traipsing through brothel's and sex-shops dressed like that is one
  thing, it's another thing to have your fellow diners rushing to call the cops." 
"But you weren't talking about just going out Charlotte. You also mentioned
  when you're home alone. No. Definitely not. Under this roof you will wear what
  I say you'll wear, whether you want to or not." 
He stopped for a second, seemingly phrasing his next words carefully. 
"I can however see some merit in what you say. So here's my counter proposal.
  You wear my dresses whenever you are at home." 
Charlotte's shoulders slumped in disappointment. 
"But you will be allowed to purchase some more appropriate clothing for any
  public outings we may have&hellip; That doesn't include however your trips
  to see Lisa. They will still be subject to you wearing 'appropriate' clothing.
  I'll arrange a time where you can go and purchase what it is you are after,
  but there are some restrictions." 
"Like?" she asked hopefully. 
"I have a few colleagues who specialise in women's clothing, I will compile
  their catalogues together and eliminate those items of clothing and styles
  I perceive as being inappropriate. You can then choose out a modest wardrobe
  from the rest. Is that satisfactory?" 
"What's 'inappropriate' mean?" 
"No pants, no jeans, no sneakers. If I decided to take you out in public
  you will be dressed like a lady, not some teenage sloth. Deal?" 
"I guess so. But you haven't mentioned the price, isn't there one?" 
"Oh, there's a price alright. But for now it's your bedtime. Come along.
  I'll tuck you in."  
He stood up, but not before grabbing some things from his suitcase and pocketing
  them. Charlotte waddled after him toward her bedroom, trying desperately to
  limit the excesses of the bristles and clamps as much as possible. His pace
  however made it difficult to keep up with him without encountering further
  grinding pain.  
Finally they arrived back in her room. Once in her room &ndash; HER room
  now, she noted happily &ndash; she sat down on the bed. Her blue sheep-patterned
  sleeper pyjamas had been set out for her.  
Mr Campbell crouched in front of her and began unscrewing the wing nuts on
  the breast vice. Each turn providing relief to her squeezed and punished breasts.
  Blood slowly began circulating properly again, causing much discomfort for
  her. Finally the two pieces of dowel stood far enough apart to pull her breasts
  out. This Mr Campbell did delicately. Once freed, he kissed each of her nipples
  delicately. He then inspected the four angry red and black wheals at the top
  and bottom of her beautiful globes where the vice had viciously cut into the
  flesh.  
Charlotte looked at the marks realising that four long-thin livid bruises
  were likely to result in the morning. That concerned her; she didn't like to
  think of her modest yet perfect breasts been marked. Still, that was the price
  she paid for the explosive heavenly orgasm she had experienced. On reflection
  she thought, it was a small price to pay.  
Mr Campbell now began unbuckling her shoes and followed up by gently removing
  her socks and stockings. Each touch he made on her was soft and delicate. As
  if each gentle touch was an apology for the brutal treatment he had meted out
  to her before. She sat back contented; enjoying having someone else undress
  her. She felt like royalty, or a princess. 
She stood up now to allow him to remove her panties when he grasped her hands. "No,
  not yet. Here. Hands out." 
He produced from his pocket what looked like a small white bag. Confused
  and curious she looked on as he manipulated her hand into a fist and slipped
  the bag over her hand. He then threaded a small strap through a series of loops
  around the tiny bags rim and padlocked it shut around her wrist. Her hand was
  now trapped within the bag. It fit so snugly that her fingers and thumb were
  unable to move at all.  
"What are you doing?" 
"This is the rest of the price for having your own clothes." He spoke slowly
  as he grasped her other hand and pushed it into another identical little bag.  
While securing this one around her bunched fist he explained.  
"With your hands trapped inside these mittens you will be unable to use your
  fingers or thumbs. Ordinarily that wouldn't cause you too much of a problem,
  particularly if you were about to go to sleep." 
He secured the other bag around her wrist and finished delivering his speech: "I
  say ordinarily because tonight isn't going to be ordinary. You see my little
  pumpkin, without the use of your fingers and thumbs, you are going to be entirely
  unable to take off your pretty pyjamas here." 
Charlotte was stumped: why would she want to take off her pyjamas anyway?
  Her heart started to race, he was doing it again. Pushing her off balance,
  confusing her, surprising her at the most unexpected moments. What did he mean?  
So she asked: "Why would I want to take my pyjamas off?" 
He brandished her blue sleeper before her: "Because you're going to put them
  on now." 
"But you haven't yet taken off&hellip;" Now the realisation hit her. He'd
  deliberately avoided taking off her panties and clamps before when she'd stood
  up. He was going to put her to bed with them still on, underneath her sleeper.
  With her fingers and thumbs unusable she would never be able to manipulate
  the buttons that sealed her in the sleeper, let alone undo the clamps and pull
  her panties down.  
"Oh please Mr Campbell. Please, I've been good. I've been so good. I did
  everything you asked. You can't do this, please." 
With her hands clenched into useless balls encased in the mittens she implored
  him not to imprison her like this. She put her bunched fists together in a
  semblance of praying, begging to him. In response he grasped her by the shoulders
  and stared straight into her eyes, whilst displaying the blue sleeper before
  her.  
"Charlotte, I know you've been good. But sometimes, just sometimes, I like
  being bad." He let those words seep in. "Now sit on the bed so I can
  put your pyjamas on." 
"No, please. I don't need the new clothes; I'll go out in public dressed
  however you want. Please, I don't want to pay the price now." She beseeched
  him. 
"Oh, but Charlotte my dear, it's not as simple as that. Remember your earlier
  promise, what you promised me in return for being rid of Madeline." He paused,
  letting her cast her mind back. "You promised me one hour of your time every
  night&hellip; every night. Including tonight. That hour starts now and
  as per your promise, you will do whatever I want you to do. Right now, what
  I want you to do is to sit on the end of your bed and help me put your pyjamas
  on." 
"But I've spent all evening with you! Surely that counts as the hour for
  today?" She was frantic to avoid being trapped in the sleeper while wearing
  her panties. She'd already suffered enough for one day; she couldn't bear the
  thought of another minute wearing the scraping spiky panties.  
"That time, as you will remember, was for you to present your demands. You've
  done that and as you suggested, we've arrived at a set of new 'mutually agreeable'
  rules. You have your safe word, your trips to see Lisa, no more Madeline, the
  privacy of your own room. Even an allowance for heavens sake!  
"I get my hour. My one-hour every evening where you are mine entirely. That
  hour will start as soon as you put your pyjamas on for me, and not a moment
  before." He still held her by the shoulders, displaying the pyjamas in front
  of her.  
She thought rapidly, trying to find a way to reason with him, to convince
  him to do something else. Anything else except trap her inside the pyjamas
  where the bristles sitting next to her already punished flesh would continue
  their villainous task.  
"Please Mr Campbell, when you made me wear them last time the clamps stretched
  me and left little indents pressed into me. What if they do something more
  permanent? I don't want my cunny ruined&hellip;" Deliberately she used that
  word, that demeaning childish word for her privates, in the hope that her apparent
  infantile subservience to him would thaw his icy resolve. Yet he casually brushed
  her pleading aside. 
"Rubbish Charlotte, you'd be surprised how pliant young flesh is. Don't worry
  about that. Now stop making excuses and help me get you into your pyjamas." 
Pleading had failed. Reasoning had failed. Now she had only one recourse
  left. One thing she could do to escape the punitive fate awaiting her.  
She could say her safe word. 
Only three uses of the word did she have, and to waste the first one only
  hours after being granted it seemed extreme. She had no idea what else might
  happen to her. Other worse things might occur and she might wish at that time
  that she had an extra word up her sleeve to rescue her.  
She also knew that earlier tonight she'd experienced something magical and
  mind blowing at his hands. She didn't want that to simply stop and never happen
  again because she was sent home after using her safe word too many times. No,
  she would save it for another time.  
She sat on the bed and lifted up her foot for Mr Campbell.  
He knelt down and fed her foot into the enclosed toe of the blue sleeper.
  He repeated the process with her other foot and then pulled the flannel pyjamas
  up her legs and over her waist and hips, concealing the frilled punishment
  panties, the white straps and clamps from view. He had her feed her hands into
  the arms of the pyjamas and then buttoned her up at the back, sealing her into
  the garment as effectively as if it were made of steel and locked with a key.  
She stood at the end of the bed and watched him as he fluffed up her pillows.
  She was even more surprised when unlocked one of the drawers in her duchess
  and pulled out extra pillows for her bed.  
"What are you doing?" 
"Well, my hour's not up yet, not by any stretch of the imagination. So I
  thought we'd watch a movie together. Would you like that?" 
"I suppose so. What movie?" She asked cautiously.  
"Well, I noticed that the bag you brought home has a few DVD's in it. I thought
  we'd watch one of those." Smiling wryly he indicated the bag Charlotte had
  brought back from the sex shop containing her magazines and DVD's. 
She hadn't revealed the contents of the bag to him, but she was under no
  illusions that he knew exactly what was in it.  
Only minutes ago she had thought this evening's festivities were over. Now
  she realised that they had quite some time to go before she could finally get
  to sleep, if she ever did while wearing these panties. The concept of suffering
  at least another hour of his twisted torments and surprises left her nervous,
  and yet secretly anticipating what might occur.  
Unable to help him organise the room (having no effective use of her hands
  due to the mittens), she sat on her bed and leaned back into the pillows. Mr
  Campbell flitted about the room, moving her new television into a position
  where it could be viewed from the bed, collecting the sex shop bag and turning
  the lights down.  
Finally, while Charlotte sat back, struggling not to move for fear of triggering
  more scraping in her crotch, she examined her mittens. The straps that secured
  them to her wrists were sufficiently tight to prevent her from pulling them
  over her wrists. There was no escaping them, particularly as she lacked any
  fingers to attack them with. She was trapped.  
Mr Campbell now turned on the DVD and the television with their remotes.
  He opened a DVD case, Charlotte couldn't tell which one, and placed a disc
  in the machine. Closing the tray he came and sat down on the bed next to Charlotte.
  He took off his shoes and swung his legs up onto the mattress. With remote
  in hand he pressed play on the remote in his hand and lay back next to Charlotte.  
The usual FBI warning came and went while Charlotte considered the situation.  
She'd never had a "date" before. As such she'd never encountered awkward
  yawns in the cinema followed up with her partner attempting to put an arm around
  her. There'd been no truth and dare games in the middle of the night with boys.
  She was entirely unaware of what to do with Mr Campbell sitting right next
  to her. As her bed was a single, the two of them were only just able to lay
  side by side on the bed. She felt awkward, unsure of what to do.  
So she just sat still, keeping herself sitting upright and with as modest
  a distance between them as was possible on the narrow bed.  
He'd chosen "St Agatha's School for Wayward Girls." A cheesy music track
  backed the credits as various actors and actresses faces were presented in
  still motion shots with their names displayed. They all had names like Lisa
  Luscious or Belle Rogers.  
"Come here Charlotte, I don't bite." Mr Campbell gently told her. He indicated
  she should cuddle up to him. She awkwardly followed his instructions, ducking
  under his arm and placing her head on his shoulder. He followed up by wrapping
  his arm around her whilst his other hand came to rest on her thigh.  
The scene opened with a pair of girls dressed in very skimpy school uniforms
  standing with their hands behind their backs. Both had their chins tucked into
  their chests, looking guilty. They were in a stern looking mahogany walled
  room. The camera panned around the room, revealing that the room was a type
  of office, bookshelves containing leather bound tomes dominated one wall, oil
  paintings the other. The screen zoomed in to focus on a cane hanging from the
  wall.  
"Well, I guess this isn't Disney Charlotte. What have you bought home
  with you?" His hand was now making small circles on her thigh. Rubbing over
  the leather strap that sat underneath her pyjamas. Each gentle movement over
  the strap caused a slight thrumming in the springs stretching her apart; she
  bit the inside of her cheek in an effort to avoid their far-from-subtle effects. 
A man now entered the office and the two schoolgirls looked up. He was dressed
  in a terrible parody of a headmaster's costume, a long black academic cape
  flowing out behind him, a ridiculous square hat on his head. And now the dialogue
  began.  
Apparently the two girls had been misbehaving in class, they were to be punished,
  and given the vast number of their previous transgressions the Headmaster was
  going to cane them both. In a shocking display of the most dreadful acting
  Charlotte had ever seen, the two schoolgirls pretended to be horrified. The
  headmaster then made much drama out of retrieving the cane from the wall and
  ordered one of the girls to spread her legs, bend over and touch her toes.  
The hand of Mr Campbell continued its circular stroking of Charlotte's thigh.  
The first girl bent over and gripped her calf muscles; Charlotte was impressed
  by the actress's flexibility, as she bent herself almost directly in half.
  The Headmaster moved behind her and flicked her tragically short mini skirt
  up over her rump revealing a scant white g-string beneath.  
Standing back he took a few practice swings with the thin piece of cane.
  It made ominous swishing sounds as it hissed through the air. Finally the headmaster
  brought the swishy thin cane smacking into the first girls bottom. A scream
  emanated from the girl and Charlotte noticed that a thin red welt rose almost
  immediately on the girl's pert bottom.  
The circular motion of Mr Campbell's hands picked up pace. "Not Disney at
  all is it?" 
"No&hellip;" She replied, embarrassed that he was watching her movie with
  him. She had brought these to watch by herself, not with him as an audience.  
Mr Campbell's free hand, the one not occupied with her thigh, moved onto
  her breast and she flinched slightly. He began massaging it slowly and delicately
  while the headmaster on the television continued thrashing the over-aged schoolgirl.
  The butterflies, never far away when in Mr Campbell's presence, began fluttering
  their wings again.  
The girl on the television was now springing up each time the cane fell,
  unable to remain disciplined enough to stay bent over whilst clinging to her
  legs. The Headmaster chided her, demanding she stay bent over. She argued with
  him, begged for him to stop.  
"Part your thighs Charlotte." Mr Campbell whispered in her ear.  
His breath in her ear and on the nape of her neck sent shivers down her spine.
  Slowly she opened her thighs, wincing slightly as the clamps and bristles rearranged
  themselves once more.  
The first girl being caned was now hollering constantly. The camera conducted
  a range of close-ups on her twisted face as the cane fell relentlessly on her
  bottom. Tears seeped from her eyes. Her hair clung to her wet cheeks.  
Mr Campbell's hand moved up her leg, away from the leather strap encasing
  her thigh and toward her brutalised core. His other hand continued massaging
  her poor bruised and battered breast, which still ached from the tight vice.  
The first girl was told to get up and stand in the corner with her hands
  on her head whilst the headmaster now began lecturing the second girl.  
"Does this movie excite you my little pet?" He whispered again in her ear.
  More shivers.  
"Yes&hellip; kind of." 
His hand now reached her crotch and lightly he stroked his fingers across
  the crotch of her pyjamas, delicately pressing the hard bristles into her vulnerable
  open flesh. She winced, tears of her own sprung up in the corner of her eyes.
  Yet she kept her thighs spread: eager for him to touch her there, despite the
  punishment panties and pyjama's standing between his hand and her skin.  
The second girl's underpants were slightly fuller, covering her entire bottom.
  Nevertheless the headmaster on the DVD had this girl bend over as he had with
  the first and began delivering stinging blows to her bottom. This schoolgirl
  was slightly less verbose than her predecessor, whimpering rather than screaming. 
Mr Campbell's hand continued gently petting Charlottes suffering vagina.
  He pressed down just hard enough to keep her attention firmly on the effects
  of the bristles, but not hard enough to evoke the same sort response that Charlotte
  had given herself earlier.  
The DVD was having an effect on her as well, she wished she were one of those
  girls being caned, unable to escape the wrath of the headmaster. Despite the
  poor acting and the ordinary looking set, Charlotte's imagination filled in
  the blanks. The squeals coming out of the girls thrilled her; she imagined
  what noises she'd make in the same situation. Would she be able to stay bent
  over? What would a cane feel like pounding relentlessly onto her buttocks?  
The camera panned across the room to focus in on the first girl's bottom.
  Her skirt, tucked into her waistband, revealed her scarred buttocks. Ugly raised
  red welts stood up from her white flesh.  
Charlotte had been spanked, she'd been strapped, but she'd never been caned.
  Her father had mentioned that he'd had the cane at his school, but behaviour
  management and anger counselling had long made the cane redundant at her school.
  The worst she'd ever received at school was a lunchtime detention. Now, as
  she sat watching these porn actresses pretending to be schoolgirls receiving
  a solid caning she wished that corporal discipline had been a feature at her
  school.  
The scene closed with the second girl being instructed to join the first
  in the corner. She pulled down her panties to reveal a bottom even more red
  and angry than the first girl's. The camera zoomed in closer and closer until
  the screen was a sea of red marks and then slowly unfocussed before fading
  into black.  
Mr Campbell shifted slightly, adjusting his pants, before resettling back
  to gently massaging Charlotte's breast and rubbing his fingers lightly up and
  down Charlotte's crotch. She looked down at his lap and saw a noticeable bulge
  evident. Slightly embarrassed she looked away, back toward the DVD where a
  new scene was unfolding.  
Night had descended at St Agatha's and four girls, including the two from
  the earlier scene, were sneaking out of their dorms into the school's garden.
  Whispering loudly, they snuck to a 6-foot high ivy covered wall before helping
  each other clamber over it. The camera made sure it caught a glimpse of each
  girl's bottom and panties as they swung themselves over the fence and out of
  the school grounds. Two cars of boys, (well they were supposed to be boys,
  the lettered high school jackets gave that away, unfortunately two of them
  looked at least thirty with their bushy moustaches) waited for the truant boarding
  school girls. A conversation ensued indicating that they were going off to "the
  lake" to "make out".  
The plot now well and truly dealt with, the scene switched to the interior
  of one of the cars. One of the girls, this one a peroxide blonde, had already
  taken her top off and unzipped her partner's jeans. She held his incredibly
  long rod in one hand and alternately licked it from end to end and stared cheesily
  into the camera, smacking her lips as if she were supping on some exotic delicacy.  
Charlotte looked down at Mr Campbell's crotch, wondering if his was as big
  as the one currently on the DVD, it didn't look like it from the size of the
  bulge in his pants. He noticed her downward glance and pressed slightly harder
  down on her panties, eliciting a tiny squeal from her lips.  
"And what exactly are you looking at my darling?" He asked lasciviously.  
"Nothing Mr Campbell. I'm just watching the movie." She returned her attention
  back to the screen, trying in vain to ignore the ministrations of his fingers.  
The peroxide blonde's head was now bobbing up and down on the end of her
  partner's prong. Her partner groaned intermittently. Charlotte annoyingly noticed
  that occasionally when he groaned his lips didn't move. At other times when
  his mouth was wide open, not a sound could be heard except for the constant
  slurping noise made as the girl bobbed up and down.  
'Well, it's not Francis Ford Coppola or Steven Spielberg': she thought to
  herself. Nonetheless, the opening scene had certainly provoked her interest
  and she was prepared to make allowances.  
The groans coming from the man ('boy' she corrected herself) on the DVD began
  intensifying and the blonde now removed her mouth from him, held the base of
  his long shaft with one hand and began pumping it quickly with the other. She
  flicked her tongue out from time to time to lick the end and stared up toward
  his contorted face, looking for some sort of signal.  
Suddenly the groan erupted, and so did he. The blonde did her best to catch
  his essence in her mouth, but mostly failed with half of it ending up on her
  nose, cheeks and lips. Not that this concerned her however - she sluttily licked
  her lips, savouring every stringy thread of the liquid and rolling it over
  her tongue.  
The camera now cut to outside. One of the girls who had been in the headmaster's
  office, the one who had worn the g-string, was lying by a lakeside. Charlotte
  supposed the lighting was supposed to resemble moonlight, but whoever was in
  charge of it was clearly between jobs and for good reason. G-string girl was
  lying beneath one of the men who actually almost pulled off looking like a
  high school boy. Some heavy petting was occurring, with her skirt pulled up
  to her waist and his hand cupping one of her oversized breasts. 
Charlotte reflected that her breasts were much smaller than G-string girls.
  Then again, from what she'd gathered so far, everything in porn was much bigger
  than it was in real life. She looked down at Mr Campbell's crotch for further
  confirmation of her theory.  
Noting her third glance he surreptitiously lifted his hand from her breast
  and brought it to his pants. Frightened Charlotte hastily looked away back
  toward the DVD. He was going to take it out! What was she supposed to do? Conflicting
  thoughts and emotions began stampeding through her mind as she tried desperately
  to ignore the sound of his zipper's teeth peeling apart by focusing on the
  television. 
Charlotte didn't register the conversation that was occurring between g-string
  girl and her partner; she was too worried about what Mr Campbell was doing.
  G-string girl was now on her hands and knees and her boy knelt behind her.
  He'd discarded his jeans, but strangely not his socks. His thing was hard and
  pointing toward g-string girl's opening. As he entered her, Mr Campbell pressed
  down sharply on Charlotte's crotch.  
A half scream, half squeal burst from Charlotte: "Please Mr Campbell, please,
  that hurts&hellip;" 
"I know it hurts my pet, I like it when you hurt." She looked him in the
  eyes and saw the lustful truth of his words. Down below, she noticed his manhood
  straining behind a pair of satin boxer shorts, trying to poke through the open
  fly of his silk pants.  
Butterflies began to take over again. G-string girl was being nailed from
  behind &ndash; hard. Her partner was spanking her bottom every second stroke
  and her breasts swayed forward and back in motion with their movements. Mr
  Campbell's hand was eliciting protests of pain from her core, but she still
  felt herself becoming more and more excited.  
And there he was, waiting to be released. Waiting for her.  
She thought back to Betsy-Jo's, to her session watching Lisa with her John.
  She thought of the previous scene, where peroxide girl had done her thing.
  She wondered if she could do what Lisa and peroxide girl did. What would it
  taste like? Would it be hard or soft in her mouth?  
She didn't know, but the butterflies roared inside her when she decided to
  find out. She pulled herself up off Mr Campbell's chest and sidled down the
  bed. Taking her mittened hands she tried to undo the single button keeping
  him trapped in his pants. Her white bagged hands however couldn't get any grip
  whatsoever on the slippery satin of his shorts.  
In the back of her mind she realised that if it was so hard to undo one large
  simple button right in front of her face, she could never manage the five of
  so small intricate buttons running down her back. He was right &ndash; she'd
  never escape her pyjamas and the panties until he decided she should.  
He tapped her on one flannelette covered thigh and then grasped her leg.
  Pulling her around so that while her hands and face sat in his lap, her bottom
  was adequately available to his prying hands. He recommenced his fondling of
  her damp and agonised love hole through the pyjamas and panties.  
Now she grasped the satin between both fists and used her teeth. She could
  feel his hardness rubbing against her cheek as she struggled to manipulate
  the button open with a combination of her clumsy mittens, her lips and her
  teeth.  
Pop.  
Shit! She'd broken the button. It fell away into the depths of his pants,
  but immediately he sprang out of the confines of the boxer shorts.  
It stood tall, clean and veiny. She'd seen photos before; she'd even seen
  her father once or twice accidentally. The slow kid with 'special needs' at
  school had had a tendency to take his out whenever he felt like it. But she'd
  never seen one this close, real and erect.  
It smelt musky and in a strange way, alluring. She tried to remember what
  Lisa had done. She'd held it around 'there' &ndash; well Charlotte couldn't
  really manage that right now, so instead she put her two mittened fists on
  either side of it, grasping it clumsily between her hands. She moved them slowly
  up and down. Mr Campbell groaned. At least he groaned when his mouth was open,
  no dubbing problems here Charlotte joked to herself. 
His fingers dug sharply into her, driving one set of the bristles straight
  into her unprotected hole - she screamed. Fresh tears sprung up in her eyes
  and rolled down her face.  
"That's it Charlotte, yes &ndash; tell me how much that hurts..." 
She kept moving her fists up and down, struggling to keep her mind on the
  task at hand while coping with the extraordinary pain in her crotch. He relented
  somewhat, relieving the pressure slightly and moved his focus back toward her
  vulnerable clitoris. Thankfully, that hurt slightly less than grinding the
  bristles into her spreadeagled hole.  
Now she considered the object before her. She tried to remember what Lisa
  had done, how she'd run her tongue stud up and down and then sort of enveloped
  it in her mouth. Charlotte lent a bit further forward and tried an experimental
  peck. She pursed her lips together and placed them delicately on the end.  
Yech! It was wet! She pulled back to find a string of sticky clear fluid
  coming from the end of it. It was on her lips, she was about to wipe her mouth
  with her sleeve when she thought better of it. Lisa hadn't wiped her mouth
  - neither should she - it might not be&hellip; polite. So she tested the taste
  of the stuff that had clung to her lips, it tasted a little salty but wasn't
  terribly unpleasant.  
'Okay, let's try that again.' She thought to herself.  
Still rubbing her fists up and down the sides of the stiff member she returned
  her lips to its end. Now expecting the tiny bit of fluid, she kissed the tip
  gently. Mr Campbell moaned slightly, his hands relieved a little more pressure
  on her tormented bud.  
Hesitantly she opened her lips a little more and tried licking the end with
  her tongue. Her tongue wiped away the last of his fluid and replaced it with
  some of her own saliva. He tasted funny, but far from repulsive.  
Mr Campbell's moaned a bit louder this time &ndash; clearly she was doing
  something right - so she opened her mouth a little wider and took the whole
  end into her mouth while running her tongue under the big vein at the bottom
  of it. It felt big inside her mouth, big and warm. Her tongue darted around
  it in a circular motion, eliciting further moans from him as he lay back carelessly
  caressing her punished vagina.  
The two of them now completely ignored the DVD. Mr Campbell sat back on the
  bed, his eyes closed and his suit pant's fly open while he gripped the sheets
  with one hand and used the other to continuously rub Charlotte's crotch.  
She lay on the bed in her blue flannelette sleeper with her hair still in
  pigtails. Her head pointed toward the television while her mouth was enveloped
  around his penis. Her hands, trapped inside the little white mittens, made
  fists on either side of him, awkwardly pumping up and down. Further down the
  bed, her torso was twisted about through ninety degrees and her thighs were
  slightly parted while Mr Campbell's hand rubbed over her pyjama-clad mound.  
Charlotte was focussed entirely on the part of him inside her mouth, but
  tugging at the back of her mind was the constant pain being caused by the infernal
  panties and the constant tugging stress caused by the clamps and springs pulling
  her labia apart. Her entire vagina ached, from her pulsing throbbing labia
  entrapped by the clamps, to the sharp pains being constantly ground into her
  exposed dripping hole and the stabbing abrasive bristles on her clitoris.  
"More..." Mr Campbell moaned from above her. Charlotte moved her mittened
  hands away from his shaft and tried to push more of him into her mouth. Keeping
  her teeth away from him proved more difficult than she thought, particularly
  as it went further into her mouth.  
Suddenly she went too far, it was like sticking her finger down her throat.
  Quickly she pulled herself away, but had forethought enough to move her hands
  back onto him. Gagging and coughing she struggled to breathe properly for a
  few moments. Lisa hadn't done that; there must be a trick to it. She smiled
  slightly to herself as she imagined exactly how she was going to bring that
  up in conversation next time she saw the stylish Goth.  
Breathing properly again she returned her mouth and tongue to his penis.
  Having learnt the hard way just exactly how much she could take of him in her
  mouth; she tried to avoid a repeat performance by focusing on the top half
  and pumping her mittened fists up and down around his base.  
Charlotte's interruption had done little to quench Mr Campbell's salaciousness,
  his head lolled back, deep moans rose from his relaxed body. Nevertheless he
  continued to maul her crotch, one minute driving the bristles into the depths
  of her inner membranes, the next focussing on her tender and aching clitoris.
  The most difficult thing for her was not flinching as each newly inflicted
  pain occurred, particularly as she had begun supplementing the sensations by
  pushing forward into his hand with her pelvis. With him in her hands and mouth
  and his fingers brushing against her womanhood she pushed herself closer and
  closer to the edge.  
He beat her to the edge. Her mouth, her clumsy hands and her tongue mixed
  together with the knowledge that each of his touches caused her intense pain.
  He went over the edge, emitting a loud explosive groan. She felt it happen,
  felt him bulge in size for a moment and then suddenly felt hot squirts of a
  salty sticky liquid hit the roof of her mouth.  
His hands fell away from her crotch, his penis throbbed in time with his
  heart beat but already began showing signs of shrinking back to its hibernating
  state.  
Damn him, she was so close, why had he stopped, she thought. She also wondered
  what to do with the mouthful of his essence currently rolling about in her
  mouth. Carefully she rolled over, away from him and looked over the edge of
  the bed. He'd left one of her frilly socks lying next to the bed, quickly checking
  to make sure he couldn't see what she was doing &ndash; he was lying back in
  post-orgasmic bliss &ndash; she picked the sock up and spat the contents of
  her mouth into it. She'd pop it in the laundry chute after he left.  
Frustratingly close to her own blissful escape she rolled back over to him
  and leaned her head on his chest. He looked down at her with an honest, carefree
  smile on his face.  
"You didn't need to do that honey, but thankyou." She didn't know how to
  respond to that, she had her own needs at the moment.  
"Mr Campbell?" 
"Yes pet?" 
She looked into his relieved eyes and asked as nicely as she could: "Can
  you&hellip; can you&hellip; could you touch me again please?"  
He patted her on the shoulder, indicating she should raise her head off him.
  She complied and lay back on the bed, trying her hardest to look sexy, her
  thighs alluring parted she waiting for him to finish the job.  
Instead he picked up his shoes and stood. "Sorry honey, you'll have to improvise.
  I need to sleep. Goodnight." He flung her a cheeky grin with a hint of evil
  thrown in for good measure.  
"I can't! Not with my hands like this! Please?" But it was for no good. He
  stopped briefly to remove the batteries from the remotes and walked out of
  her room, locking the door behind her and leaving her frustrated on the bed,
  still in her pyjamas, clamps and panties.  
The DVD still ran, she'd missed a fair bit of the movie but now found herself
  drawn back to watching it in her frustrated state. 
The four girls who had escaped the compound were now lying in four beds all
  next to each other in a row. Actually lying wasn't quite right. Each girl wore
  wrist and ankle restraints and nothing else. The restraints had all been locked
  to the bed head so that each girl's knees were pulled up next to their heads,
  their bottoms and naked vaginas openly presented to whomever required access.  
The headmaster lectured the group on the dangers of truancy and carousing
  with boys. He pronounced upon the first two girls a sentence. These were the
  two girls who hadn't been in his office in the first scene and they were each
  to receive thirty stripes with the cane on their bottoms.  
Charlotte watched on, unable to turn the television off without the use of
  her fingers. She burned, she needed release and so she pushed one of her mittens
  down toward her crotch and experimentally tried to touch herself. Deprived
  of the delicate finesse her fingers usually provided her, she crunched a broad
  area of the evil bristles into her all over - rapidly she pulled her hand away
  and hissed in pain. She'd have to find some other way to manipulate herself
  if she wanted to get off.  
The cane rose and fell in succession on each girl's bottom; Charlotte closed
  her eyes and listened to the pleading and screams of each girl. She was so
  hot and she couldn't do a thing about it. Gently she tried her fist again,
  trying to use just the corner of one knuckle to provide sufficient stimulus,
  but clumsily she couldn't get the angle right and to top it off her wrist began
  aching from being put in such a strange twisted-up position.  
Finally she clambered off her bed, ignoring the screams of pain emitting
  from down below as the clamps stretched and strained on her labia. She fetched
  a remote from the floor and returned to the bed. Putting the remote between
  her ungainly mittens she started using the end of the remote to try and stimulate
  herself. That worked only slightly better, but still she lacked the ability
  to push just the right small section of bristles into the very right spot.
  The remote was too big. After a while she discarded that as well.  
The Headmaster had dealt with the first two girls, leaving them sobbing on
  their beds, their legs still hooked to the bed heads and their red striped
  buttocks highly visible to the viewer. Now he pronounced sentence on the last
  two girls. They were to be whipped instead of caned - the cane was deemed insufficient
  for their crimes. He produced a two-foot long whip with multiple braided leather
  strands. It looked brutal to Charlotte. He now told the remaining girls that
  due to their repeated misbehaviours they were to be whipped. They squealed
  and begged for mercy, each of them in turn looking at the devilish whip.  
He ignored their complaints and waited patiently for them to be silent. Slowly
  he moved to the first of the remaining girls. He stood with the whip raised
  above her and then calmly announced that not only were they to be whipped,
  but they were to be whipped on their pussies.  
Both girls screamed anew and Charlotte felt her butterflies surge and swell
  within her, demanding she do something to relieve herself. As the first stinging
  blow fell and an inhuman scream of intense pain squalled out of the speakers
  of the television Charlotte dropped her mittened hand back to her crotch to
  try and address her desires.  
Her inept attempts merely caused her incessant pain with very little sexual
  satisfaction and in the end she ceased her pointless efforts. Instead, while
  the whip rose and fell on the defenceless shaven pussies of the schoolgirls,
  Charlotte struggled to turn off the television. However she found that it had
  no on-off switch. It was operated entirely by the remote and Mr Campbell had
  removed its batteries. She followed the power lead to a panel in the wall,
  which ordinarily would have been easy to open for her, had she had fingers
  to use. Behind the panel she knew was the power switch, yet tonight she would
  be unable to reach it.  
Instead she found herself unable to turn the television off, unable to pleasure
  herself and unable to remove her pyjamas and the taunting, punishing panties
  and clamps beneath.  
Miserable, sexually frustrated, and constantly tormented Charlotte put herself
  to bed, hoping to get some sleep.  
Chapter 32 &ndash; Fluttering  
It was a sleep-deprived and hysterical Charlotte that Bosker discovered the
  next morning. She'd spent the entire night awake, the DVD had been set to loop
  its playback and Charlotte's attempts to sleep had been constantly interrupted
  by squeals, screams, smacks and begging schoolgirls. Of course the porn's soundtrack
  had done little to suppress her heightened state of sexual tension and she
  had spent almost all night alternately trying to relieve her frustration, remove
  her clothes or fall sleep. She'd failed on all counts.  
All she had managed to do was wrench her hair out of its perfect pigtails
  whilst remaining constantly on edge and wide-awake. Her hair stood out from
  her head at a multitude of strange angles. Frequent bouts of tears, instigated
  by the relentless torture imposed by the clamps and punishment panties, had
  left the bodice of her flannelette sleeper soaked with salty tears and her
  eyes red and puffy. The constant tension on her labia together with the bristles
  had also caused her to soak through not only her panties - which clung stickily
  to every intimate crevice they could - but also the entire crotch of her pyjamas.  
She was a sexual, emotional and physical wreck, and Bosker became her target.  
As he walked in with breakfast she threw herself at his feet wailing, begging
  the butler to let her out of her flannelette prison and turn the godforsaken
  television off. The DVD was replaying the pussy-whipping scene that appeared
  toward the middle of the movie. Charlotte had been forced to endure it five
  or six times during the night, with the piercing screams of the victims permeating
  every corner of the room.  
Despite the bizarre scene with which he was presented, the unflappable Bosker
  calmly put down the breakfast tray and walked to the electrical panel in the
  wall. He briefly knelt down and with the benefit of unimprisoned fingers he
  was able to quickly remove the panel and turn off the television at the power
  point.  
Charlotte burst into a fresh set of tears, but tears of relief rather than
  suffering. Relief that finally the infernal movie had finished playing despite
  the fact that the screams and cries of the 'schoolgirls' still echoed through
  her mind. In an incomprehensible babble masked with tears and exhaustion she
  thanked the Butler profusely before offering up her hands to him, in the hope
  that he would release her from the mittens. 
He pulled her to her feet and produced a tiny key with which he unlocked
  the padlocks that secured the mittens around her wrists. With the first lock
  undone she clasped the end of the mitten in her teeth and pulled the little
  white bag off her fist and proceeded to achingly clench and unclench her hand.
  The second wrist was unlocked in quick fashion and before long Charlotte was
  finally free of the mittens. She spent a few moments massaging her palms and
  fingers that had been achingly restrained all night and then turned her attention
  to the pyjamas.  
Normally she disrobed in the bathroom away from prying eyes. Yet her desperate
  need to be out of the pyjamas and panties far outweighed any residual concerns
  she had for her dignity. The aging butler thoughtfully averted his gaze as
  she frantically unbuttoned her pyjamas, practically tearing them off in a frenzy.
  With the soiled pyjamas lying at her feet she quickly pulled the soaked panties
  down her thighs, providing herself with the first relief from the bristles
  in eight or more hours. She sighed in relief as the stiff nylon bristles finally
  ceased their unending torment of her stretched and punished flesh.  
Now she gathered herself for the final ordeal. She breathed in deeply, well
  aware of the terrible pain she was about to incur. The removal of the clamps
  would free her flesh of the strain imposed by the springs, but experience had
  taught her that the instantaneous blood flow returning to the crushed flesh
  would agonisingly overwhelm her. Slowly she sat on the bed and undid the first
  two clamps in quick succession. She inhaled sharply through clenched teeth
  as the pain engulfed her. She lay back on the bed whimpering for a few moments
  before repeating the act on the remaining two clamps.  
Whilst she struggled to overcome the throbbing pain in her crotch, Bosker
  kept his back to her and set out her breakfast on her desk. Fresh toast, fruit,
  cereal and an entire pot of steaming coffee all appeared on her desk. With
  his various tasks completed Bosker left the room after picking up Charlotte's
  soiled panties and pyjamas.  
She lay still on the bed for a while, relishing her freedom from the diabolical
  bondage that Mr Campbell had inflicted on her. Awash with conflicting thoughts
  and emotions she relived the events of yesterday in her mind. Yesterday morning
  now seemed like a lifetime ago. She'd been upset and confused, unsure of her
  feelings toward Mr Campbell, let alone the effect that his strict punishments
  had been having on her. Jane had blown the lid on a whole new world, an entire
  world full of people like herself that enjoyed toying with power, pain and
  sex.  
The revelations that had been exposed yesterday had seismically shifted her
  perceptions of herself and the world around her. Na&iuml;ve preconceptions
  of what constituted acceptable sexual behaviour had been smashed, and out of
  the shattered remains questions arose regarding her nascent relationship with
  Mr Campbell.  
Even thinking about him now caused her to blush. Just days ago, she had hated
  and feared him. She thought back to her first night in the apartment. Of being
  forced into the ridiculous pink dress. The childish table arrangements at dinner
  and most prominent of all in her memory: the vicious spanking he had administered.
  She could still picture precisely his reaction as she had thrown her juice
  at him. She remembered his cold and callus demeanour and his firm hand. That
  night, she had thought him a monster. How quickly things change.  
Within the discordant cacophony that presently comprised Charlotte's thoughts
  she drew an analogy between two young children, of a boy showing his affection
  for a girl by pulling on her hair and punching her. How similar her experiences
  thus far had been with Mr Campbell she noted wryly.  
Last night, he had proven his lust for her body, a lust that she'd suspected
  for some time. She had convinced herself as well that she'd also seen glimpses
  of something deeper. She remembered looking up into his worried face as she'd
  woken from her faint last night and also that very same expression on the night
  that she'd first been forced to wear the clamps and panties. She wasn't sure
  what he felt about her, but what she was sure of, were her own feelings toward
  him. She was falling for him.  
It was probably for this very reason that she was so angry with him at this
  very moment. She had wanted to explore her feelings further, to be held by
  him, to hold him in turn. Instead, he had attained his own release and then
  left her bound, tortured and sleepless.  
Tired though she was, Charlotte realised that she needed to eat. Her stomach
  had begun to audibly remind her of her hunger. With her stomach rumbling, she
  dragged herself up off the bed and sat down at her desk to attack some fruit
  and a bowl of cereal.  
She had just poured herself a cup of coffee when a knock at her bathroom
  door interrupted her. She started up in surprise, entirely conscious of the
  fact that she still hadn't put any clothes on. She shouted out to her visitor
  to hold on and hastily wrapped herself in a towel before opening the door a
  fraction to reveal a smug looking Mr Campbell.  
"Oh its you. What do you want?" She crossly asked him.  
"I wondered if I might come in. Now that this is your private little room
  I thought it best that I knock." Charlotte opened the door fully, indicating
  he could come in. She stared at the back of his head as he walked past, wishing
  that she could shoot lightning bolts at him with her eyes. If only. 
She walked back to her desk and returned to her coffee. She picked up "The
  Adventures of Isabelle" from her book nook and pretended that he'd interrupted
  her reading.  
"Charlotte?" He asked hesitantly. "Are you cross with me?" 
"What do you think?" She said tersely, refusing to look up from the unread
  page before her.  
"I thought that we had a wonderful evening. I came to let you know that." 
Now she looked up, having decided that it was time to unload on him: "Wonderful
  for you maybe. You try not sleeping with the television blaring, a pair of
  spiky underpants on and those goddam clamps constantly pulling on your most
  sensitive bits. Just who do you think you are?" 
Unperturbed by her verbal assault he stated point blank: "Frank Campbell." 
"What?"  
"You asked who I think I am. I'm Frank Campbell and you're Charlotte the
  pain slut. You're the dirty little girl who gets turned on by being spanked,
  by having your breasts crushed, by being forced to masturbate yourself in those
  'goddam' panties. I am merely attempting to fulfil your depraved desires. Do
  you have a problem with that?" 
"No, but &ndash;" 
"But what? Did I hear a safe word? Did I hear anything other than moans of
  ecstasy and screams of passion from you? No I didn't." He stopped for a moment,
  and then held out a hand motioning Charlotte to join him sitting on the bed. "Charlotte?" 
Charlotte was still angry with him, but she felt her fury begin to ebb.  
"Please come here my angel. I came here to tell you what a marvellous night
  I had and how much I enjoyed your company. Please come and sit down over here." 
The anger that had brewed for hours started to dissipate quickly. That smile
  of his and calling her 'his angel' turned a blowtorch to her icy rage. Several
  seconds passed and she lifted herself up off her chair and took the few short
  steps to the side of the bed. She sat down next to him. He softly took one
  of her hands in his.  
"Look, Charlotte, for what its worth, I'm sorry that you didn't get much
  sleep. But are you going to tell me that you didn't enjoy yourself?" 
"No." She quietly admitted to him.  
"So you did enjoy yourself?" 
"Yes." Charlotte changed tack: "But &ndash; it's not fair to leave me like
  that. I'm so&hellip; so&hellip; so&hellip;" 
"Frustrated?" 
"YES!" And she was, she could still feel the stickiness between her thighs.  
"Well how about this. I'll make you a promise: spend the day with me. It's
  Sunday after all so neither of us have to be anywhere or do anything. We'll
  go up on the roof if you like, there's a garden up there that's quite nice.
  I'll make you a special dinner, and then after that I promise that we'll look
  after that itch of yours." The last few words sounded ominous to Charlotte.  
"How exactly?" 
"Does that really matter?" He asked her in turn.  
"What if I say no?" 
Mr Campbell released her hand and stood up. He walked to her wardrobe before
  answering her question. "Then I guess I'll just take this back," Hanging in
  the wardrobe was a tasteful peach coloured sundress and a pair of sandals.
  They were the first normal clothes that Charlotte had seen since her arrival.
  Mr Campbell took the shoes and dress and began walking toward the exit. "You
  say no, and I suppose you can spend the day staring at the walls in here. After
  you're bored with that and you come to spend your mandatory hour with me this
  evening; we'll ceremoniously burn this lovely new dress and then you can play
  human mannequin for me while I design you a nice little romper, or maybe a
  play dress for the nursery with some pretty bloomers&hellip;" 
"No wait!" 
Mr Campbell stopped just outside the bathroom and turned back toward her: "Yes?" 
"Please don't go." 
"I won't, if you agree to spend the day with me. Is it that hard?
  I thought we could have a nice day together, just talking, getting to know
  each other some more." 
Charlotte knew she had to be careful with her phrasing: if he misinterpreted
  what she was about to say he might walk out with the dress. A dress that a
  week ago she wouldn't have been seen dead in. But now, after a procession of
  frills, ruffles, ribbons and bows she wanted nothing more than to wear that
  plain cotton sundress.  
"Sorry Mr Campbell. I didn't mean that I don't want to spend today with you.
  I'm just so frustrated and tired after last night. I'd love to come with you.
  I was just worried about certain itches and how exactly you plan on scratching
  them." 
"Does it matter? I already have my hour each night." He approached her slowly,
  menacingly. "Let me be abundantly clear Charlotte my pet," he cupped her chin
  with his hand and stared straight into her soul, "In that hour I will do whatever
  I see fit to do to you. Whatever. 
"Now that been said, I have promised that I will take care of your itch,
  a promise that I think is entirely generous considering your rude behaviour
  toward me just now. In fact I would be completely justified in denying you
  any sort of release for a week and then seeing whether you complain about a
  handful of hours on a Saturday night. Now really, you have a very simple choice
  to make." 
He released her chin and held out the sundress, offering it to her. She looked
  at it appraisingly. What could be worse than the frustration of last night,
  she wondered. More so, he was right about his hour. She had agreed to give
  him the hour each night and according to their agreement the only barrier to
  his behaviour was her safe word.  
Suddenly her options became crystal clear.  
Refuse his request, lose the sundress and maybe spend time in the nursery,
  struggling not to disgrace herself inside the confines of a diaper. Refuse
  to accept the first piece of non-infantile clothing he had ever offered her.
  Maybe instead he'd make good his offer to deny her any release for a week or
  more &ndash; that concept didn't even bear thinking about.  
Or she could accept his proposal. Get the nice new dress and spend a pleasant
  day outside on the roof. Plus he'd promised to relieve her of the frustration
  that a night in the panties had caused her. It was just the question of how
  exactly he intended to relieve her that made her worried.  
She took the dress.  
There was a third option that she didn't even consider: leave him and run
  away home. But the thought never even crossed her mind.  
----  
The stairs ended in a plain metal door. Charlotte had ascended the stairs
  behind Mr Campbell and watched as he turned the metal handle and leaned into
  the heavy door. It swung open slowly throwing bright beams of sunlight into
  the gloomy stairwell.  
Charlotte stepped through the door and looked around the wonderful garden.
  Partly under the protection of a greenhouse and partly open to the elements
  - the garden was simply breathtaking. A wide boulevard paved with gravel ran
  through the centre and at its very centre stood an eight-foot high fountain.
  An angel holding a Grecian urn poured crystal clear water down about her feet,
  which fed the various streams that wound in and out of the rest of the gardens.
  Small paths ducked off the main boulevard winding through archways of creepers,
  amongst abundant ferns and over decorative wooden bridges that spanned the
  small trickling streams. Over toward one corner stood a quaint gazebo providing
  a vista not only of the luscious and unspoiled trees and plants but also over
  the edge of the building and onto the bustling metropolis of the city.  
Charlotte ran out down the main boulevard, the skirts of her light cotton
  sundress billowing out behind her. She spun around taking in this wonderful
  place. A light spray of water hit her face as an automated sprinkler system
  issued a fine film of sparkling droplets onto a bank of ferns before her. Turning
  back toward the stairs she watched Mr Campbell walk up from the stairwell,
  a broad grin covering his face as he witnessed her reaction to his garden.  
"This is all yours?" She asked. 
"Certainly is, came with the apartment. Do you like it?" 
"It's wonderful, it's the most beautiful place I've ever seen." 
"Come on then, I'll show you the rest of it." 
Mr Campbell led her through the garden, showing her down each little winding
  path. Indicating the various types of plants that grew here. He pointed out
  the part of the garden that took its influence from the rainforests of Brazil
  and how a combination of humidifiers, greenhouse technology and thermostats
  enabled the plants to survive through the harsh city winter. Seamlessly the
  garden morphed as they walked through it, one minute looking at the carefully
  protected rainforests of Brazil and the next staring up at a black willow that
  wouldn't have been out of place in the countryside up-state.  
Charlotte was shocked not only by the existence of such a garden but at its
  location on the roof of a high-rise in the middle of the city. "How did you
  do all this?" 
"I didn't &ndash; the previous owner was a millionaire and a botanist. You're
  looking at his life's work." Mr Campbell then explained how the botanist had
  died and that he had in turn bought the botanists former apartment. As he recounted
  the story, including the details of the vicious bidding war that had broken
  out between the half dozen prospective purchasers, they reached the Gazebo.  
Someone, probably the butler, had laid out food and drink for them. Charlotte
  sat down on one of the benches and looked over the table spread. Soft cheeses,
  crackers, fresh and dried fruit all sat in the centre of the table. Mr Campbell
  took a seat opposite her. As she looked back across the expanse of the garden
  Charlotte sat back, pleasantly relaxed after her stroll with Mr Campbell.  
Various pleasantries and small talk took up the next quarter of an hour with
  Charlotte and Mr Campbell slowly grazing on their morning tea. The atmosphere
  was relaxed and jovial, a far stretch away from the highly charged incidents
  of the last few days. Charlotte felt herself becoming more and more comfortable
  in his company and very much enjoying their interactions. She was spreading
  a slice of brie cheese over a cracker when Bosker appeared from the stairwell.
  He approached the table and passed Mr Campbell a brown paper bag before disappearing
  again back into the apartment.  
"Charlotte, I know that I agreed to provide you with an allowance and also
  to get you some new clothes. Given the timeframes involved I haven't had the
  chance to arrange everything completely to my satisfaction. Therefore I took
  the liberty of acquiring the dress you're now wearing and some other incidentals
  until we find the time to make more appropriate arrangements. Therefore, I
  hope you don't mind, but I got you these." 
He handed the brown paper bag across the table, which Charlotte graciously
  accepted. The bag contained magazines.  
"I know how much you like your sport, so I hope these are okay for the time
  being." 
She sorted through bag: Sports Illustrated, Slam magazine and a couple of
  other magazines of varying interest were inside the bag. Her heart leapt with
  joy that he'd been so considerate, but through the euphoria a small nagging
  doubt tugged at the back of her mind.  
"I thought you didn't like me being interested in sport?" She asked cautiously.  
"I never said that. Rather I said that I disapprove of you partaking in sports,
  unless we're talking about horse riding or some of the more appropriate pursuits
  for a lady. I see no difficulty however in you following your chosen sports." 
"Does this mean I can get cable in my room &ndash; the play-  offs
  are coming up." 
"No it doesn't. However, I might be open to negotiation at a later stage." The
  way he uttered the word negotiation tripped alarm bells.  
"You mean negotiations like yesterday?" 
"Possibly." 
She put that thought to one side and pulled out Slam magazine. "Do you mind
  if I have a quick flick?" 
"Go right ahead." 
She quickly flicked through the pages, taking particular note of the last
  week's results. Her team was still well placed for the play-  offs
  and she began to wonder exactly what she'd have to put up with to be allowed
  to watch them. Mental images of various tribulations ran through her head reminding
  her that she was still desperately excited. Mr Campbell seemed to sense her
  agitation and surprised her with a question out of left field.  
"Charlotte, I've been meaning to ask you something for a while now." 
"What's that?" She responded nonchalantly while she still had her nose stuck
  in the magazine.  
"Why is it that you shave yourself?"  
It took a moment for her to respond, the sudden change of topic took her
  entirely off-guard. She thought carefully before answering. Charlotte had been
  shaving her pubic region for so long that it was now second nature; he may
  have just as well asked why she brushed her teeth. She carefully answered: "I
  don't know. I've always done it. Ever since I started growing hair." 
"So you don't know why?" 
"It just feels right." 
"Do you like the way you look like that?"  
She wondered where he was going. Didn't he like her shaving? "I've never
  thought of it. I just do it. Why? Don't you like how I look?" 
"No, it's not that at all Charlotte. No I like it very much, it's most appropriate.
  I was just curious, that's all. I wanted to know why you decided to shave yourself.
  It seems like a very feminine thing to do for someone who worked towards deliberately
  being anything but feminine." 
She breathed a sigh of relief. For a moment she had thought he didn't like
  how she looked. She'd had visions of leaving herself alone and having to grow
  some unruly bush. The thought of wiry hair sitting down there irked her, wouldn't
  it get tangled, sweaty and knotted? Yech! Just the thought made her feel squeamish.  
"I just did it. I woke up one day and there it was. I suppose it was because
  of school now that I think about it. All the girls used to talk about their
  pubic hair and compare notes. It was like, you know, if you had it then you
  were a woman or something. They all sort of competed between each other arguing
  about who had it and didn't. I never wanted to be like them. If getting hair
  meant I was a woman then I decided I didn't want it. So when it did come I
  got rid of it. I guess I've done that ever since." She explained at length.  
"I see. Well I like it a lot. I wonder: have you ever thought of doing something
  more permanent than just shaving?" 
"Like what?" 
"Well it must be annoying to have to do that every day. There are other options.
  Far more permanent options." He let the last four words hang in the air.  
"What &ndash; like waxing? I heard that hurts." 
He smiled at that: "I wouldn't have thought that was a problem for you." He
  suggested suggestively, she blushed before he continued: "No &ndash; I was
  thinking of electrolysis. Most of the time the hair never grows back. Ever." 
She thought about it. She didn't see shaving as a problem for her. Sure every
  once in a while she might get an ingrown hair, but nowhere near as many as
  when she'd started all those years ago. Shaving to her was just part of her
  daily routine. She did it mechanically without any conscious thought.  
"Why would I do that?" She asked, curiously. 
"Well surely it would be preferable to shaving every day?" He responded. 
"I don't mind, I just do it." 
"Well I'd like you to consider it. As I said I like you like that, it's most
  appropriate. But I would like you to seriously consider making yourself permanently
  hairless." 
"What is electro-thingy anyway?" She didn't see what his fascination was
  but nonetheless if it made him happy she'd consider it. She didn't think she'd
  ever want a horrid bush down there ever anyway. So what harm could it cause? 
"Well you'd have to go to a beauty parlour to get it done &ndash;" 
"Huh? No way, I don't want someone seeing me naked!" A hint of outrage quivered
  in her voice. 
"No, it's not like that at all Charlotte, these people are trained professionals,
  they do it all the time." 
"But someone would still see me, I don't know about that." 
"Look, it wouldn't be that bad honey. I'd come with you if you like." He
  waited for a moment before continuing. "What they do is take a tiny little
  needle and push it into the hair follicle, then they pass electricity through
  the needle that kills the hair, root and all." 
Charlotte imagined the types of needles she'd encountered in the past, imagining
  something akin to a tetanus needle. Slowly her vivid imagination built the
  picture for her. She was strapped into a chair, entirely naked facing a window
  that looked out onto a busy street. Hundreds of pedestrians walking passed
  the shop and staring at her nakedness. Then a matronly nurse appeared with
  a huge needle, which was attached to thick electrical leads&hellip; 
"I'm told it's relatively painless if it's done by a professional." He tried
  to reassure her. 
"I don't know, it sounds kind of yucky." 
"If you're worried about your modesty we could always get someone to come
  here." He suggested.  
"Can I think about it?" She replied, still imagining huge needles being stuck
  into her pelvis. Now her wayward mind had the nurse standing at the wall about
  to throw a huge switch like those that she associated with electric chairs. 
"Of course you can." 
"That was a strange thing to ask Mr Campbell. What bought that on?" 
"Curiosity, nothing more." 
Their afternoon returned to normality after that exchange. Charlotte read
  through her magazines while Mr Campbell opened a book and the two of them sat
  in the garden reading quietly. Occasionally one of them would look up from
  their reading material and look about, catching the eye of the other and in
  that way many a suggestive glance was past between the two. Charlotte remained
  on edge and felt the tension rising through the afternoon. Soon she would submit
  to him again. Soon he would have his hour, an hour that he had promised would
  provide her with the relief that she so desperately sought. But at what cost?  
Chapter 33 - Oblivion 
Mr Campbell's special dinner, or his hour alone with her, never came. As
  the two of them were considering leaving the garden to begin preparations for
  dinner the normally calm and unflappable Bosker erupted out of the depths of
  the apartment. As soon as Charlotte heard the large steel door to the garden
  clang open she knew something was wrong; a deep acidic burning began in her
  stomach. Time slowed down as seconds seemingly became hours. She wondered exactly
  how it was that she knew something was wrong, but it was. Instantly she began
  to fear for the worst and the gnawing burn in her stomach intensified.  
The butler approached rapidly, concern clearly visible on his normally deadpan
  face. To Charlotte though, it seemed as though his relatively short journey
  from the door to the gazebo took eons. She barely even registered his words
  as he spoke, she already knew what he would say: her father was dead. Suddenly
  an eruption of grief overwhelmed her as she began screaming out in primordial
  pain. She shut out the world around her and screamed into the void &ndash; feeling
  as though an enormous part of her had suddenly been rent from her and torn
  asunder. So stripped apart from reality was she that she didn't even notice
  as she began pounding Mr Campbell's chest with her fists as he attempted to
  console her. Nor did she consciously notice when he carried her back into the
  apartment after she collapsed into an emotionless stupor on the gravel of the
  garden's boulevard &ndash; drained of tears and of void of any emotion except
  despondency and despair.  
---  
Those first few days after the news of her father's passing were hazy, her
  recollections almost completely void of meaningful memories. She remembered
  a strange face, a doctor who had been brought in to examine her. He'd given
  her an injection and then quietly spoken in the corner to Mr Campbell as she
  drifted off into a grey night of dreamless sleep. She also remembered awakening,
  thinking for a few seconds that she'd just had a terrible nightmare. But one
  look into Mr Campbell's face as he sat at her bedside retold the bitter truth
  and again she descended into a wild inhuman fit of screams and sobbing anew.  
Days had passed, how many she didn't know. There had been a procession of
  injections on that first night as she'd submerged and re-emerged from the dark
  waters of her subconscious. Each time as she awoke she wondered for a split
  second whether she'd been the victim of a terribly convincing nightmare. Each
  time the brutal reality came crashing back to her and her pain would begin
  over again. Slowly the injected sedatives were replaced by pills which she
  swallowed down whenever Bosker or Mr Campbell finally convinced her to eat
  some food.  
Eventually she began to emerge from her state of despondency. Slowly regaining
  an appreciation of her surroundings and gradually beginning to again resemble
  a semi-functioning human being.  
But due process and form stop for no-one, even the recently bereaved. So
  only a small count of days after the fateful phone call from the hospital,
  Charlotte found herself back on a flight home with Bosker acting as her chaperone.
  No-one said anything about Mr Campbell's absence from the funeral, least of
  all Charlotte. He'd offered an excuse that he simply couldn't leave his business
  at this crucial moment. Charlotte accepted it without a word. They both knew
  the real truth however: she blamed him for her father's death. He'd stolen
  her away from his bedside &ndash; torn her away from what had turned out to
  be his deathbed. Deprived her father of her presence in his last hours as Mr
  Campbell had kept her imprisoned in his apartment for his own perverse purposes.
  The pain of her loss was only shadowed by her newfound hatred at Mr Campbell's
  act of selfishness.  
Never again would she be able to fade off to sleep in front of Sports Center
  with her head resting against her father's chest. Nor would she ever be able
  to go to a basketball game with him, cheering on their favourite team together.
  A hundred memories kept pouring through her, both of happy and sad times. Each
  memory further gouged into the raw wound of her soul that her father's passing
  had left her. She regretted those words she'd occasionally said in the heat
  of anger, regretted that she'd never be able to retract them, or been able
  to apologize&hellip; never be able to tell him that she loved him again.  
It was all Mr Campbell's fault.  
On one level her rational mind suggested that Mr Campbell hadn't caused her
  father's car accident, nor that he had caused her father to pass into the next
  world. But the quiet logic was a faint whisper against the brutal screaming
  of a soul tortured by a loss she'd never before encountered. Everything in
  the world seemed emptier, colorless and drab. Gone from her existence was any
  joy or light or happiness. All that remained was pain and anguish.  
It was in this state of mind that Charlotte finally returned to her home.
  Bosker trailed behind her with a single suitcase as she let herself into the
  home that she had shared with her father. The butler's presence was the result
  of yet another unspoken agreement with Mr Campbell. She needed someone with
  her to look after her, to ensure she ate and took her sleeping pills, to make
  sure that she could continue to function in the days that lay ahead of her.
  Although Mr Campbell was listed as the executor of the estate, Charlotte had
  taken it upon herself to arrange the funeral &ndash; yet again a decision that
  Mr Campbell agreed to without debate.  
She walked like a ghost through the empty house, taking notice of the smallest
  hints that her father had once been here. An empty glass left on the arm of
  his favourite sofa, a Wall Street Journal left open on the floor of the toilet.
  Echoes and memories of him haunted her. Finally she came to his bedroom and
  collapsed onto his bed, bawling anew as she smelt his particular scent on the
  pillows. Bosker stood quietly in the doorway watching over her as she clutched
  the pillow to her chest and softly cried herself to sleep on her father's bed.  
---  
"For as long as I can remember he was always there for me. My daddy and I
  had a special bond. A bond forged through family at first, but then through
  respect and of course love. He never questioned who I was. He supported me
  no matter what.  
"I remember when I was six a boy called Kevin stole my lunch pail. Those
  of you who know me won't be surprised to know that I didn't take kindly to
  having my lunch stolen by a boy who thought he was better than me. I broke
  his nose.  
"The principal of the school called my Dad down to the school and I sat in
  a big chair while the Principal started lecturing Dad. She was telling him
  that punching people in the nose was no way for a young girl to carry on, that
  I had 'anger management' issues and that my teachers thought I was strange.
  Dad didn't even say a word, he just took my hand and walked out of that office
  leaving the principal in mid sentence. I never went back to that school. Dad
  wasn't going to hear a bad word said about me.  
"We sat in the car on the way home and Dad told me something I'll never forget,
  he said: 'Charlie, don't you ever let anyone ever try and tell you who you
  are or who you should be. Only you can do that.' I didn't understand that at
  the time, not really: but now I do." 
Charlie stood at the podium in the chapel, her father's coffin behind her
  covered in flowers. Dozens upon dozens of family friends, her school acquaintances
  and her dad's work colleagues had packed into the chapel. She looked down at
  the words of her speech, afraid to look out at all the familiar faces, some
  wracked with grief and others displaying sincere sympathy. This was the hardest
  thing she'd ever had to do, but every time she felt the back of her throat
  choke up or a tear begin to form she thought about how proud her dad would
  be if she could finish the eulogy without breaking down.  
"Dad was a quiet guy, he liked his sport and loved his basketball. A vice
  that his daughter voraciously took up with equal passion. Some of my fondest
  memories are just of the two of us sitting at home in front of the television.
  Him sipping on a Miller while I sat on the floor between his knees - goading
  our boys on. I guess we were a simple family, but one with more love and kindness
  than many others.  
"I also know that after long years of loneliness he's now gone to heaven.
  I never knew my mother, dad never really talked about her much, but I do know
  that he loved her with all his heart. Well,  the
  bit that wasn't solely devoted to spoiling his daughter." A few mourners, those
  not distraught with grief, laughed at her little joke.  
"I know that he loved her until the day he died and I guess that she loved
  him too. I know in my own heart that they are now together and that at least
  is some comfort in these dark days. 
"Many of you here knew Dad well and I want to thank you all for coming to
  help say good bye to him. His work colleagues tell me that he was a hard working
  dedicated guy but that he always found opportunities to take time out and act
  as the comic relief at post-work drinks.  
"I can see some of our church friends here and I'm grateful for all the support
  you've given me over the last few days. Dad was a quietly faithful man, one
  who got a great sense of satisfaction from helping out the church's good work
  in charity. Surprisingly I never knew just how much he helped out the church
  until a few days ago, because he never boasted about it like so many others
  do these days. He was content to help out others less fortunate without being
  heaped with praise or proclaiming his compassion from the rooftops. I think
  that in this he is a shining light of Christian compassion.  
"So thank you all for coming, but I want to say these final words to Dad,
  and Mom if she's listening.  
"You bought me into this world and loved me for who I am. Don't worry about
  me: the things you taught me, the love you gave me and the faith you placed
  in me have made it possible for you to be proud of me. I want you to know that
  I love you both, particularly you Daddy. You were always there for me, even
  when I was irrational or greedy or just plain unbearable. I wish I could say
  to you just one more time that I love you and see the light shine up out of
  your eyes. I wish so much, but I am content knowing that you are in heaven
  with Mom now. I pray that I can join you there one day as well."  
Charlotte finally felt her throat tighten and the tears broach the emotional
  dam she had erected. She quickly grabbed up her speech and stepped down from
  the podium, with the most recent of many so many tears rolling down her cheek.
  She resumed her lonely seat on the front pew and didn't really hear the rest
  of the service. She just sat at the front of the chapel in her dark slacks
  and sombre jacket, her sunglasses pulled down over her eyes while she silently
  prayed for her father.  
---  
The last mourner finally left the house. After the service many of the churchgoers
  had returned to Charlotte's house for the wake. A quietly sombre atmosphere
  had permeated the house as various acquaintances and friends of Charlotte's
  father stood in small groups around plates of small sandwiches and urns of
  tea and coffee. Charlotte had done her best to get around to each and every
  one of them. She thanked them for coming and answered their asinine questions
  politely. Worse than the stupid questions though were those people who pretended
  they understood what she was going through. She felt like screaming at them,
  but politely accepted their failed attempts at empathy and promised to let
  them know if she needed someone to talk to.  
Bosker was a god-send. He'd forgone his traditional butler suit and donned
  some more casual attire. As the caterers arranged by the funeral director had
  arrived he'd quickly taken over, directing the staff here and there, ensuring
  that the logistics of the wake never caused her a moment's problem. Most importantly
  though was that he ensured that Charlotte was saved from the more draining
  and demanding guests. He had an uncanny ability to see exactly when Charlotte
  wanted to escape from some matronly church-goer or former work colleague. He'd
  simply slip in behind her and in a voice just loud enough to be heard by the
  fellow conversationalist insist that: 'Ma'am, something has come up that requires
  your attention'.  
Charlotte would tend her apologies to whomever she was escaping and disappear
  into the kitchen for a few moments. After regaining her composure she'd return
  to the lounge and recommence her rounds of the guests.  
Now that they'd all left she slumped down into the couch feeling drained
  and empty inside. Bosker appeared in the kitchen doorway to let her know that
  the caterers had finished cleaning up and had also left. He was about to return
  to wherever he went when he wasn't needed when Charlotte spoke up: "Bosker,
  could you just come and keep me company please. I don't want to be alone." 
He nodded sagely and with his typical gliding fashion he crossed the floor
  into the middle of the room. He stopped next to a couch facing Charlotte standing
  there at a loss for what to do next. 
"Please sit-down, you make me feel uncomfortable just standing there." 
"Ma'am" he responded and sat down awkwardly on the couch facing her. "So
  Bosker, thankyou so much for helping me today, I don't know what I would have
  done without you." 
"It's nothing, my role is to help you in this difficult time, no more, no
  less." 
"Still, you didn't have to come, I would have managed." 
"It was the Master's wish that I accompany you." He paused for a few moments
  and then added an afterthought, as if it were meaningless: "It was also my
  desire to come." 
Charlotte was taken aback by that last remark. She still hadn't recovered
  her full cognitive functions as grief still muddied her thinking. "Why?" 
Bosker shuffled uncomfortably on the couch, he was clearly not used to reclining
  in a couch before his wards. "I feel that someone has to look after you. The
  Master would have done so but he didn't think you would want him to. He hasn't
  said so but I believe that he thinks himself to blame for what has occurred.
  For those few days that you were not well he never left your bedside, he didn't
  sleep, didn't eat, he just sat there crying until you woke. I've never seen
  him like that. 
"Then when you started getting better he started to become more inward, more
  reserved. I caught a look in his eyes that I've seen but rarely in him, a look
  of profound sadness. No &ndash; that's not right. A look of profound regret
  and despair. At first I thought it was because he was just concerned for you &ndash; but
  I think that it was more than that. I think he's blaming himself." 
Charlotte felt like screaming back that it was his fault. All his
  fault. But she'd never seen Bosker so forthcoming, and so worried. The sheer
  shock at seeing anything resembling emotion emerging from the butler left her
  biting her tongue.  
"Look, I'm going to go change and have a shower. Why don't you go and find
  something more comfortable to put on. While you're here you're a friend, not
  just a butler. I don't mind you helping out but I don't want you running around
  after me. I need a human being around right now, not an automaton in a tuxedo.
  If I have to order you to be normal for a few days I'll do it, ok?" 
Bosker looked up at her and slowly nodded his head. She was surprised when
  he winked at her and replied: "Yes Ma'am." 
--- 
The next few days passed in quiet contemplation for the pair. Few people
  came to the house and those that did found an uninviting house as quiet as
  a tomb. Charlotte spent her days sitting in the garden looking out into the
  neighbour's fields where she had explored as a girl with her father. At times
  she'd walk silently through the house stopping for minutes at a time just staring
  at a particular object or artefact of her father's.  
Bosker tried as best he could to bring her out of her shell. He'd even found
  a pair of shorts and a short sleeved collared shirt in keeping with his promise
  to tone down his butlery. Sometimes he just sat with her, at other times he
  convinced her to help out with housework, getting her to fold the washing,
  or help cut up vegetables for dinner. Largely he left her to her silence though,
  as she thought through the implications of her recent tragedy.  
Charlotte felt empty inside. Her father had always been there at the centre
  of her universe, and now he was gone. She'd never realised just how important
  he was to her, but now that he was gone she felt his loss like nothing she'd
  ever experienced before. She felt as though a cannonball had exploded through
  her chest leaving her bleeding body behind on the battlefield minus a heart
  but the rest of her strangely still alive.  
But more and more she began to think about her time in the city. At first
  she'd blamed Mr Campbell for her failing to be at her father's deathbed. It
  was true that he'd originally imprisoned her and that gone on to play a dangerous
  game of seduction to capture her in more than just body. He'd denied her the
  opportunity to return to her father, to hold his hand, to talk to him, to try
  and bring him out of his coma. But the more she thought about it the more she
  began to realise that she'd enjoyed his games. She'd enjoyed his pursuit of
  her and eventually she'd perversely come to love Mr Campbell.  
She couldn't forgive herself for the fact that she'd forgotten all about
  her father lying dying in a hospital bed thousands of miles away while she
  was indulging in lustful thoughts and deeds. She still blamed Mr Campbell,
  but now she hated herself more for being so selfish. How could she have just
  so simply pushed to one side her father's problems! 
The crisis point came one evening as Charlotte stood in a pair of jeans and
  t-shirt in her bathroom about to have a shower. She looked into the mirror
  at herself, hating the selfish child that stared back at her.  
She was the bad daughter who had deserted her father on his death-bed.  
She screamed in rage and began pounding the taunting image in the mirror
  with her fists, trying to beat some sense into the mocking eyes that stared
  back. The mirror cracked and then shattered, jagged pieces of glass cutting
  into her fists. Bosker, on hearing the noise, bolted into the bathroom and
  dragged Charlotte kicking and screaming away from the mirror. He clinched her
  arms tight around behind her and held her tight, trying to calm the inconsolable
  teenager.  
That night another strange face hovered over her as she lay on her bed -
  another doctor visited her to provide her with a syringe full of dreamless
  sleep.  








The sky hung heavy with the promise of the first snow of winter.&nbsp; Thick, deep and low clouds clung eerily about the tops of many of the city&#8217;s skyscrapers.&nbsp; The city&#8217;s more experienced residents knew what was coming and accordingly they&#8217;d retreated inside to the warmth and comfort of their homes.&nbsp; Normally bustling streets now saw only a handful of warmly dressed people scurrying about on essential errands, hurrying to get home before the weather turned.
The basketball courts that were normally filled with laughing, playing children and young adults were entirely empty, except for a solitary figure dressed in a long dark overcoat and hidden behind a thick scarf, gloves and woolen hat.
For several minutes, the figure stood on the edge of the half-court&#8217;s circle, looking up at the hoop and across the court.&nbsp; The wind gusted, blowing an errant sheet of newspaper across the empty court where it wrapped itself around the figure&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; The paper roused the figure to motion, with a flick of the leg, the paper was returned to its swirling journey through the eddying winds. 
The figure walked through the chainlink boundary fence and stopped opposite a vacant storefront.&nbsp; The windows, once full of expensive suits and shirts were now depressingly boarded up.&nbsp; The elegant serif lettering on the storefront had lost its vitality, and where once it had proudly proclaimed Thompson and Campbell est. 1856, now it greyly presided over just another vacant shop front.&nbsp; A bright poster plastered across the wooden boards invited offers for lease or sale of the premises and gave the contact name and number of a prominent commercial agent.
The figure looked at the vacant store for some minutes, oblivious to the few passersby who scurried past curiously wondering why this well dressed young woman chose to stand about in the frigid biting wind. 
Eventually she turned her back on the storefront and scanned the empty streets hopefully looking for a cab.

---

They met at a restaurant in the park.&nbsp; It seemed fitting, the Boathouse shut for the winter months, and it was clear the staff had already started their seasonal closedown in anticipation of winter&#8217;s imminent arrival.&nbsp; Only a handful of diners accompanied them.&nbsp; While normally busy and vibrant, today the restaurant was almost somber.&nbsp; Shed of her winter layer, Charlotte sat quietly opposite an uncharacteristically sedate Lisa.&nbsp; 
The slightly older woman was dressed conservatively in a black skirt suit, her signature punk clothing, fringe and pigtails had been disposed of, and she wore her hair out, cascading freely over her shoulders.&nbsp; Lisa looked indistinguishable from any other professional city woman, a far cry from the hyper-sexual goth-look she adopted at her brothel.
I can&#8217;t believe how great you look.&nbsp; Lisa said warmly across the table.
You&#8217;re too kind, and a bad liar.
Oh please, you&#8217;re too hard on yourself, you do look great.&nbsp; Can&#8217;t you take a compliment when it&#8217;s offered freely?
Sorry.&nbsp; You too, by the way.&nbsp; But I must say it&#8217;s weird seeing you dressed like that.
I don&#8217;t advertise in public.&nbsp; Lisa smiled wanly. 
The conversation descended to small talk as they looked over their menus.&nbsp; Once their orders had been taken, Lisa lent forward.
How long has it been?
Four and a half years.
And you just decide after four and a half years to pick up the phone and invite your old prostitute pal to lunch?&nbsp; She asked dryly.
Look, I know it seems weird.&nbsp; I haven&#8217;t spoken to anyone since then.&nbsp; This is my first time back.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sorry I didn&#8217;t call or anything, it just didn&#8217;t seem right.
I really hoped you&#8217;d call, after that day.&nbsp; I thought we&#8217;d shared something.
We did.&nbsp; Stuff just got in the way.
I know.&nbsp; It&#8217;s just a shame.&nbsp; But life does that sometimes, it lets &#8216;stuff&#8217; get in the way.&nbsp; Or you let &#8216;stuff&#8217; get in the way.&nbsp; But you don&#8217;t have to.&nbsp; You can always put &#8216;stuff&#8217; to one side and focus on life again, focus on achieving those things you set out to, to enjoy what it is you live for.&nbsp; If you let &#8216;stuff&#8217; get in the way, you don&#8217;t really live.&nbsp; You just get buffeted along from one set of &#8216;stuff&#8217; to another.
You&#8217;re speaking from personal experience?&nbsp; Charlotte asked.
Sure.&nbsp; I see it every day.&nbsp; Most of my clients are all hung up on their own &#8216;stuff&#8217;.&nbsp; They let it consume them to the point where they can&#8217;t be true or real to their wives and families, let alone themselves.&nbsp; They let it build up and dictate their lives until their ready to burst.&nbsp; 
Me.&nbsp; I&#8217;m the release valve, I&#8217;m who they come to when they need to live out their real desires and lives, even if it&#8217;s only for half an hour behind a closed door.
Charlotte pondered Lisa&#8217;s words quietly. 
So, are you going to ask me? Lisa posed a question.
Ask you what?
Ask me what you came here to ask.&nbsp; &#8216;Where is he?&nbsp; Where is Mr Frank Campbell.&nbsp; Have I seen him?&nbsp; How is he?&nbsp; What&#8217;s he doing?&nbsp; Does he ever talk, you know, about me?&#8217;&nbsp; Having delivered her guess, Lisa sat back in her seat.
It&#8217;s more complicated than that.&nbsp; Charlotte said quietly. 
Why?
Because.
Stop being obtuse.&nbsp; Because isn&#8217;t an answer.&nbsp; An answer would be: &#8216;it&#8217;s complicated because I was deeply unfair to a man who&#8217;d fallen deeply in love with me&#8217;, or it might be: &#8216;it&#8217;s complicated because I had feelings once but now I don&#8217;t know&#8217;, or &#8216;I&#8217;m afraid of finding out he&#8217;s moved on and no longer wants me.&#8217;&nbsp; Those are answers Charlotte, or do I call you Charlie?
I should leave.&nbsp; Charlotte pushed her chair back.
Ask me your questions.&nbsp; If you don&#8217;t, I guarantee you that you will regret it.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t let your &#8216;stuff&#8217; get in the way Charlie.
It&#8217;s Charlotte.
Well that, at least, is a step forward.
Charlotte pulled her seat back in and smoothed her napkin over her lap.&nbsp; 
I went to his store today.&nbsp; It&#8217;s closed.&nbsp; It was like a message, like he&#8217;s gone.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know why I came.&nbsp; I suppose I wanted to say sorry and goodbye.&nbsp; But there&#8217;s a little part of me that really wanted him to be there in his store.&nbsp; A little part that thought music would well up and a man and a woman would look into each other&#8217;s eyes and know soulful completeness in a single glance. 
But he&#8217;s gone, isn&#8217;t he?
Tell me why I should tell you.&nbsp; Lisa responded.&nbsp; So you can hurt him again?&nbsp; So you can lead him on, get him to love you again and then disappear from his life to leave a crushed empty shell of a person behind?&nbsp; Because that&#8217;s what you did last time Charlotte.
Now that&#8217;s not fair.&nbsp; Charlotte retorted.&nbsp; My Father died.&nbsp; And I was only 16, what&#8217;s a 38 year old man doing seducing a 16 year old girl who&#8217;s Father was dying?
You&#8217;re asking the wrong person Charlotte.&nbsp; You won&#8217;t meet a more open minded person in this cess pool of moral vice and depravity.&nbsp; But even jaded little me can tell you that Frank did nothing illegal.&nbsp; Morally dubious maybe, but nothing illegal.&nbsp; You were both over the age of consent.&nbsp; The real crime here was what the two of you allowed to happen afterwards.&nbsp; So, I&#8217;ll ask again.&nbsp; Why should I tell you anything about him now?&nbsp; I love Frank as a person and a friend.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want to see him hurt again.&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s eyes glowered. 
I want to see him.&nbsp; I need closure.&nbsp; I admit, I treated him badly.&nbsp; I shouldn&#8217;t have just cut him off.&nbsp; I was in a pretty dark place.&nbsp; I blamed him for things that I shouldn&#8217;t have.&nbsp; And by the time I realised I was wrong, it was too late to fix it.
So why are you here?
I don&#8217;t know.&nbsp; I just want to see him again.&nbsp; Just once.Just one more time.&nbsp; Then I know it can be over and I can start the next chapter of my life with a fresh page.
I&#8217;m truly sad for you, Lisa&#8217;s eyes softened and she lent back across the table.&nbsp; But I&#8217;ll help.&nbsp; He&#8217;s here.&nbsp; Charlotte&#8217;s eyes almost popped out of her head. 
No, not &#8216;here&#8217;, here.&nbsp; I mean he&#8217;s still in the City.&nbsp; He closed the shop last year.&nbsp; I guess it no longer made him happy, he only ever did it for love.&nbsp; But after you left, something sad crept into him and I don&#8217;t think he ever got passed it.&nbsp; He still has his apartment, rattling about up there with his butler and house staff, doing who-knows-what.
Thankyou Lisa.&nbsp; How is he though, now I mean?
He&#8217;s okay.&nbsp; I see him every other month or so.&nbsp; He still has his needs and one of our girls usually looks after him.&nbsp; We talk occasionally, when he&#8217;s waiting or on his way out.
Does he ever...
Ask after you?&nbsp; Yes.&nbsp; It took him a while to get the courage up, but he asked if I ever spoke to you at all.&nbsp; I had to tell him no.&nbsp; I never want to see that look in another human&#8217;s eyes again.&nbsp; It was like I&#8217;d just killed his puppy.
What are you going to do?&nbsp; Lisa asked.
I have to see him.&nbsp; I must.&nbsp; I have to say goodbye properly.

---

She made the cab drive around the block twice before she gathered her courage.&nbsp; Fitfully and with a fluttering stomach, she paid the driver before turning to face the stone edifice of the apartment building.&nbsp; The doorman looked expectantly at her as she stood silently gazing upwards.&nbsp; Somewhere, at the top of the building, she knew, he was there.&nbsp; 
She gulped back her fear and stepped forward.&nbsp; The doorman, cheeks rosy red in the biting cold, gladly opened the door for her before stepping back into his alcove out of the snow and the wind.&nbsp; 
She asked the man at front desk for Mister Frank Campbell and while he phoned upstairs she tried to distract herself by looking at the prints hanging on the foyer walls.
Who should I say is calling, Miss?&nbsp; 
Charlotte thought for a moment, Miss Charlotte.&nbsp; She replied.
No last name?&nbsp; The deskman asked.
He won&#8217;t need one.&nbsp; He knows who I am.
Moments later he put down the phone, If you&#8217;ll just come this way.
He swiped a card in the elevator before pressing the button for the penthouse, Have a nice day Ma&#8217;am.&nbsp; He offered as the lift&#8217;s door slid shut and the car began its trip upwards. 
The nervous tension built as the elevator ascended quickly.&nbsp; She took several deep breaths as it slowed and its doors opened.&nbsp; She saw the familiar marble entry way with its fountain and ominous door.&nbsp; Stealing herself to press the doorbell, she jumped as the door opened to reveal Bosker&#8217;s familiar face, albeit slightly more lined.
Miss Charlotte, this is most unexpected and unusual.
Yes.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sorry for arriving unannounced.&nbsp; I was just in the city and thought I should stop by.&nbsp; She cringed at her obvious lie. 
You wish to see Mr Campbell?&nbsp; The butler asked formally. 
Is he in?&nbsp; She asked with just a tinge of fear in her voice.
He is.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll show you to the sitting room and let him know you are here.
She smelt the familiar smells of the apartment, leather, polish, a hint of flowers.&nbsp; Not a thing appeared to have changed in the years that had passed.&nbsp; Bosker showed her to one of the chesterfield couches in the sitting room.&nbsp; She sat awkwardly on the edge of her seat, looking about the room expectantly. 
Charlotte.&nbsp; His voice:&nbsp; To what do I owe this pleasure?&nbsp; Her initial thought was that he hadn&#8217;t changed at all.&nbsp; She compared him to the first time she&#8217;d seen him, a mouth full of pins serving a customer in his store.&nbsp; He still looked fit, thin, well dressed and barely a day over 30.&nbsp; On second reflection, she saw some traces of grey in his hair about the temples and maybe a few extra wrinkles about the eyes.&nbsp; But if anything, they just made him look more distinguished.&nbsp; He offered her his hand, which she took gently.&nbsp; They exchanged a brief handshake before he indicated she should sit back down.
Oh, I was just in town and thought I should say hello.
After four years?
Four and a half, to be correct.&nbsp; She added. 
No.&nbsp; Four years.&nbsp; I spoke to you briefly five months after your Father, god rest his soul, passed away.
Oh yes.&nbsp; I&#8217;d forgotten.
I haven&#8217;t.&nbsp; He said grimly.
Look, that was one of the reasons I&#8217;m here.&nbsp; I wanted to say sorry for that.&nbsp; For what I said.&nbsp; It was unfair.&nbsp; You didn&#8217;t kill my Father, I should never have blamed you for what happened.&nbsp; It was a dark time and I now know that I was wrong.&nbsp; So I wanted to say sorry to you for what I said.
Thank you.&nbsp; He said softly.&nbsp; I knew you didn&#8217;t mean it, but it hurt just the same.&nbsp; I appreciate the apology, it mustn&#8217;t have been easy for you.
No.&nbsp; She said.&nbsp; Silence fell over the room as she looked into her lap and smoothed her skirt over her knees.
So, he asked, what have you been doing?&nbsp; How are you?
Better.&nbsp; I had help.&nbsp; Too many hours with shrinks and too many pills, but I&#8217;m much better now.&nbsp; I finished college...&nbsp; She said expectantly.
Really.&nbsp; Well done.&nbsp; What did you study?
Bosker chose this moment to appear with a coffee service.&nbsp; Charlotte continued while the butler unobtrusively served tea and coffee. 
Sports management.&nbsp; She saw Mr Campbell&#8217;s left eyebrow raise itself questioningly, I&#8217;m thinking about going into public relations for a team, I did an internship with our college basketball team over summer and really liked the work.&nbsp; You get access to the players, and all the coaching staff and then you manage the relationship between the team, the players and the media.&nbsp; It&#8217;s really interesting stuff.
I see.&nbsp; Charlotte sensed his disapproving tone. 
Well I don&#8217;t need your approval.&nbsp; Look, maybe this was a mistake.
Maybe it was.
I should go.&nbsp; She stood to leave, he stood with her. 
Bosker can show you to the door.&nbsp; Almost immediately the butler appeared, his face an impartial mask.&nbsp; Mr Campbell&#8217;s on the other hand looked stern, resolved.
Wait.&nbsp; Wait a minute Bosker.&nbsp; Could you leave us for a moment?&nbsp; She asked.&nbsp; The butler disappeared.
Don&#8217;t you have anything to say? She asked bruskly.
What did you want me to say.&nbsp; You appear unannounced after four and a half years, offer me an apology, tell me you&#8217;ve been studying sport at college-
Sports management.&nbsp; She interrupted.
Fine.&nbsp; Sports management, and you expect me to say what?
I don&#8217;t know.&nbsp; Maybe you had your own apology to make?
Perhaps I do.&nbsp; He sat back down.&nbsp; Charlotte resumed her own seat while she watched him across the room.&nbsp; His eyes were closed and his head hung down.&nbsp; Finally, he opened his eyes and looked straight at her. 
I am sorry.&nbsp; I am sorry for imprisoning you against your will and for trying to instil in you the discipline, courtesy and niceties expected of a lady.&nbsp; I am sorry for spanking you when you were ill behaved.&nbsp; I apologise for watching you while you slept.&nbsp; I apologise for dressing you in a manner that aroused me, for humiliating you, for hurting you and for thinking that a man twice your age could possibly ever attract your love and attention.&nbsp; I am sorry that I fell in love with you.&nbsp; That I let myself be fooled that such a fickle and erratic young lady could similarly fall in love with me.&nbsp; 
Most importantly, I am sorry that I have spent such a great amount of time over the last few years wondering about you, wondering what you were doing, whether you were safe, or whether you were happy or sad.&nbsp; I am sorry that I invested so much of myself in what I hoped we might become.&nbsp; How stupid was I to think that I had finally found a fellow soul who I might enjoy the rest of my life with?&nbsp; No.&nbsp; I am sorry for fooling myself for so long.
Now, I see that I was wrong to invest so much of myself in you.&nbsp; You didn&#8217;t learn a thing.&nbsp; Here you are, a &#8216;sports&#8217; graduate &#8211; whatever that means - about to descend into the depths of some locker room full of reeking footballers to flick towels at their asses, and stare at their &#8216;packages&#8217;, make jokes with the lads and then get on the booze with some reprobate of a journalist with a gravy spattered tie, slugging down Buds in some seedy sports bar.&nbsp; 
It&#8217;s not like that.&nbsp; She offered, but was drowned out by his continuing lecture. 
So what&#8217;s the future hold for you?&nbsp; Meet some jerk of a quarterback with a big chest and an inversely proportioned brain, fall in &#8216;love&#8217;, get married, enjoy his career for all of five minutes until he blows a knee or an ankle or takes one too many head knocks.&nbsp; Then he gets fat sitting on the couch drinking beer with his former football mates, and in between reliving his &#8216;glory years&#8217; he finds time to drunkenly fuck you missionary and foist half a dozen screaming brats on you.&nbsp; 
And to think, you could have had a life of distinguished elegance and luxury with me.&nbsp; I would have put you through the very best colleges, ivy-league, whatever you wanted.&nbsp; You could have learnt the classics and contemplated the deeper meaning of metaphysics, or music, or what-the-fuck-ever.&nbsp; No opera and art galleries for you, its Shitsville Texas with twelve screaming kids.&nbsp; No charity events, country clubs and summer vacations in the Hamptons, its Bob the used car salesman - &#8216;Hey don&#8217;t I know you, didn&#8217;t you once play wide receiver for that college team in arse-fuck Idaho...&#8217;
I tried to show you refinement and gentility.&nbsp; But I failed, I mean just look at what you&#8217;re wearing.
What&#8217;s wrong with this?&nbsp; I&#8217;m wearing a skirt.
Where from?The bargain rack at Walmart?
I suppose you&#8217;d rather I be wearing something frilly and outrageous:&nbsp; dressed up like some five-year- old in her best party dress!&nbsp; She shot back. 
Why not?&nbsp; At least it would be suitably feminine and better reflecting your natural looks and talents.&nbsp; Instead you&#8217;ll just waste yourself on mediocrity and... squalidness.&nbsp; The words sank in.
Do you really think that?&nbsp; She asked cautiously. 
Yes.
I think I&#8217;m very different now.&nbsp; I would never have worn a skirt before.&nbsp; I even call myself Charlotte these days.&nbsp; That&#8217;s something isn&#8217;t it?
Praise the Lord for small mercies.
I think you&#8217;re wrong.&nbsp; Being a PR manager for a great team isn&#8217;t what you think it is.&nbsp; It&#8217;s a career.&nbsp; It&#8217;s a respectable career, and there are lots of very respectable people working in the field.&nbsp; And I&#8217;m not into footballers, in case you never noticed, I like basketball, not football.&nbsp; Anyway, men in sport don&#8217;t interest me, not that way.&nbsp; I like smart guys.&nbsp; Guys who know how to treat me properly.
And how is that Charlotte?&nbsp; He looked at her suggestively across the room.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t meet his eyes.&nbsp; She knew exactly what he meant.&nbsp; She could feel the butterflies in her tummy telling her exactly what he meant.&nbsp; She needed someone to dominate her.&nbsp; Someone to humiliate her.Someone to free the butterflies.
Stop it.
Stop what?
You know what I&#8217;m talking about.
Don&#8217;t change the subject Charlotte, how should a man &#8216;treat you properly&#8217;.&nbsp; She fiddled with her hands in her lap.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;m sorry.&nbsp; She said finally.
Why? 
I&#8217;m sorry for coming here in clothing not to your liking.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll try harder next time.
Next time?&nbsp; He asked lewdly. 
Next time I visit.&nbsp; Now, I should be going.&nbsp; She stood up, raising her gaze from her lap.&nbsp; He was reclined comfortably in his couch, a familiar gleam in the corner of his eye.&nbsp; &#8216;Damn!&#8217; she thought, &#8216;how does he do it to me?&nbsp; I have to leave before this gets out of hand.&#8217;
Look.&nbsp; I came to say sorry.&nbsp; I really am apologetic; I should never have done what I did.&nbsp; I now know what it did to you and it wasn&#8217;t fair.&nbsp; But when I came here today, what I thought I wanted was to hear you say sorry for what you did to a naive 16 year old.&nbsp; In hindsight, I shouldn&#8217;t have expected that.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t think you did anything wrong.
No.&nbsp; You&#8217;re wrong there.&nbsp; I did do something wrong.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t chase you.&nbsp; I let you go.
Yes you did.&nbsp; She said sadly.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going.
Why?
Because.
Because isn&#8217;t an answer Charlotte.&nbsp; He said quietly.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you stay for dinner.&nbsp; Perhaps we can talk some more?
She looked about the room.&nbsp; She knew what would happen if she stayed.&nbsp; He&#8217;d try to worm his way into her, tormenting her with his eyes, making the butterflies flutter.&nbsp; She needed time to think about whether to accept or not.
Can I use a bathroom to freshen up?&nbsp; She asked tentatively.
Guest bathroom, it used to be your bathroom.&nbsp; First on the left down the hall.&nbsp; You should remember the way, there&#8217;s been some renovations but it&#8217;s still in the same place.
I&#8217;ll be back in a minute.
She got back to her feet.&nbsp; Shaking, she walked down the hall to the bathroom.&nbsp; On doing so she walked past Mr Campbell&#8217;s family portraits.&nbsp; There had once been four paintings, one of his father, his mother, himself and one of her very own mother.&nbsp; Now she stopped dead in the middle of the hall to see the painting of her mother had been replaced.&nbsp; Instead she found a picture of herself asleep.&nbsp; The photo had been taken while she was imprisoned, she was wrapped in amongst her sheets, clad in the pink flannelette ballerina sleeper that she had loathed so much.&nbsp; She thought she looked peaceful in the photo.&nbsp; 
A warm feeling erupted inside her.&nbsp; One that she couldn&#8217;t put aside.
She shook her head and continued on to the bathroom.&nbsp; 
She let the door close behind her as she washed her face in the basin.&nbsp; She dried herself and then stared into the mirror.&nbsp; Looking back at herself, she saw that for the first time in a very long time she looked vibrant and alive.&nbsp; For too many months she&#8217;d looked at the cold eyes staring back at her in the mirror and wondered what had happened to her.
But now, she felt alive.&nbsp; She felt illuminated.&nbsp; 
But she also felt scared.&nbsp; What was she doing?&nbsp; Was she seriously contemplating staying for dinner?&nbsp; What would that suggest to him?&nbsp; Would he take it the wrong way?&nbsp; Didn&#8217;t she just want to see what might be left of what they had?
She shook her head.&nbsp; No.&nbsp; She knew there was something there.&nbsp; She&#8217;d come to get closure and to say goodbye.&nbsp; But now there was a sliver of hope that something was still there.&nbsp; She&#8217;d thought it a remote possibility when she&#8217;d planned her trip to the City.&nbsp; Indeed, she had deliberately played down any expectations.&nbsp; But now?&nbsp; Now she didn&#8217;t know.&nbsp; &#8216;Only one way to find out.&#8217;&nbsp; She told herself. 
She smiled to herself in the mirror, took a deep breath and prepared herself to return to the sitting room and tell him she&#8217;d be happy to stay for dinner.
The door handle wouldn&#8217;t turn.&nbsp; It was locked.
She rattled the door in its frame, but to no avail.
A familiar panic rose in her stomach.
She shook the door again, and this time called out.&nbsp; Mr Campbell!&nbsp; Bosker!&nbsp; The doors locked!&nbsp; Help!
Of course the doors locked Charlotte.&nbsp; You didn&#8217;t think you&#8217;d be getting out of here so easily did you?&nbsp; Mr Campbell&#8217;s voice emanated from speakers in the roof.
She smiled slightly.&nbsp; No.&nbsp; No I didn&#8217;t.&nbsp; Not from you, you pervert.&nbsp; She let go of the handle.
I&#8217;ve been hard at work while you were gone Charlotte, I&#8217;ve redecorated.&nbsp; Just for you.&nbsp; You see, I knew you&#8217;d be back one day.&nbsp; We started something Charlotte, something very special, and I knew that one day you&#8217;d remember what it was and you&#8217;d come back to finish it.&nbsp; Tell me if I&#8217;m wrong.
She looked up at the camera, but she said not a word.
But before we get back to where we left off, you have to be punished.&nbsp; If you remember, I used to award you black spots for bad behaviour.&nbsp; Well, since you were very bad when you ran away, so I&#8217;ve given you a black spot for every day of your absence.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve kept that tally every day since you left.&nbsp; By my reckoning, you&#8217;ve earned one thousand, six hundred and six black spots.
That&#8217;s a lot of black spots to work off, and that means a lot of punishment.
I&#8217;ve decided to start by removing some of the privileges I so graciously extended to you during your last stay.
Charlotte turned slowly toward the back of the bathroom and looked at the interlocking door that she knew led to her old bedroom.&nbsp; She placed her hand on the door knob:&nbsp; it turned.
Go ahead, have a good look.&nbsp; Mr Campbell suggested wickedly. 
She opened the door and her stomach fluttered. 
She gazed at the pink wallpaper, the sheepskin rug on the floor and the large white cot where her bed had once stood.&nbsp; Laying over the rail of the cot was a pink, frilled and ruffled romper suit created from the depths of Mr Campbell&#8217;s depraved mind.&nbsp; Ominously, a cloth diaper and pink rubber pants hung next to her new clothes.
And that wasn&#8217;t all.&nbsp; Her single wardrobe had been replaced by a bank of cupboards, the doors were each thrown open to reveal an unrelenting tide of frilled and lacy clothes.&nbsp; Pink, blue, purple party dresses, a whole array of onesie pyjamas, rompers such as the one hanging over her new cot, playsuits in every colour imaginable, and an entire wall of fresh, clean cloth diapers. 
I once threatened you with a month in the nursery without toilet privileges.&nbsp; Well that should be a good start to your punishment.&nbsp; But if you behave well for Nanny Madeline, we may allow you back into some big girl panties in a few weeks.&nbsp; 
Looming out of the shadows, Madeline the maid appeared with a pacifier and bonnet in hand.&nbsp; She smiled evilly,&nbsp; Welcome back little Miss, I&#8217;ve very much looked forward to this moment.
Mr Campbell continued, After a month of good behaviour, then we can return to your lessons so you may become a proper little girl, and if you work very hard, in a year or two you may be fit to become a lady and join me by my side. 
Charlotte looked up at the camera with fear in her eyes.&nbsp; Inside, her butterflies soared free.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Azazel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





