BDSM Library - The Beach




The Beach
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple both married have a night at the beach alone while their spouses are siting at home.Thanks to BDSM Bill for helping in the editing of this story.&nbsp; Without
  His encouragement, editing and help I would be lost.&nbsp;  
The Beach  
Janet awakened startled. The phone was ringing. She turned over and stretched
  out pale flesh as soft fingers grabbed the receiver.  
&quot;Hello?&quot; she said.  
&quot;What's up?&quot; The voice said.  
&quot;Hey baby. Good morning. How are you baby?&quot; Janet said.  
&quot;Good morning. Busy day today. I am calling to see if you can get away
  on Friday. All day and possibly all night.&quot; He said.  
&quot;Well Ben, I don't know. What is my reason?&quot; she purred back.  
&quot;I want you to come with me to the beach.&quot; He replied.  
&quot;OH! Yes, Ben, of course. I will arrange it and go,&quot; she practically
  squealed.  
&quot;Great. I cannot wait to hold you, sweet darlin',&quot; Ben said in
  a warm voice.  
&quot;I can't wait either, baby.&quot; She replied.  
&quot;Ok, I will meet you at the hotel parking lot, and we will travel together
  to the beach,&quot; Ben said.  
&quot;Ok, baby, until then,&quot; Janet said.  
&quot;Until then darlin',&quot; He said.  
&quot;Bye, hon,&quot; Janet said softly.  
&quot;Bye bye. I will try to call you later,&quot; Ben said.  
The phones were hung up. Janet turned over in bed, grabbed a pillow and hugged
  it closely to her. Wow, she never thought in a million years he would actually
  go through with taking her somewhere. Not just somewhere, but taking her to
  the beach for an entire day, possibly a night. Janet's green eyes sparkled
  as thoughts drifted toward the upcoming trip. She sat straight up in bed. &quot;Oh
  my God, what will I wear?&quot; she cried to no one.  
Ben heard the excitement in Janet's voice and he smiled. He was glad he would
  be able to get away and take her to a place where they could spend some unrushed
  time together. He chose the beach as it was his favorite and he wanted to share
  the happiness he always felt there. He had already told his wife he was going
  away on business and would probably have to spend the night. So as long as
  Janet was able to cover her end, they would have at least one night together.  
Janet spent the day looking through her wardrobe, trying to find something
  to take with her. She arranged to take off work and then decided to go shopping.
  She wanted something special to wear for Ben, something sexy, slinky and teasing
  to his eyes. Ben liked her to wear nice things for him, even if they only had
  a couple of hours together. She would meet him at the door wearing something
  different each time. He enjoyed it very much. He would always compliment her
  and it would make her heart beat quicker.  
Ben was busy at work but decided to call Janet, just to let her know he was
  thinking about her. His day was going to shit fast but he had Friday to look
  forward to and he would make love to her as many times as she could handle.
  He laughed to himself at that one. He looked out the window and noticed the
  sun bathing the sidewalk. The grass was so green today. The air was crisp and
  cool he had noted on the way inside. Ben picked up the phone and hit the speed
  dial and heard the ring.  
&quot;Hey baby,&quot; Janet said first thing.  
&quot;Hey darlin'.&quot; Ben said. &quot;I thought I would give you a call
  and see how you were doing and let you know I was thinking about you.&quot;  
&quot;Awww, thank you babe. You are so sweet,&quot; Janet said. &quot;I am
  out shopping. I need to find something new to wear for you Friday.&quot;  
&quot;Don't go through a lot of trouble baby. You won't be in clothes for
  long. I had thought more along the lines of being naked the entire time. Is
  that OK with you?&quot; He laughed as he said this.  
&quot;Laughs. Yes of course that is wonderful. I want you so badly that naked
  sounds beautiful and erotic to me,&quot; Janet said.  
&quot;Me to darlin'.&quot; Ben said.  
&quot;Well, baby, I am gonna buy something new anyway. Perhaps just a nightie
  and a swimsuit or something. I will find something to entice you with,&quot; Janet
  said.  
&quot;Darlin', you entice me. You don't need clothes to do that. It is that
  beautiful smile and wonderful personality that do me in all the time,&quot; Ben
  said in a caressing manner.  
&quot;OK, darlin', I have to go. I have work to get done so we can spend
  that day together,&quot; Ben said.  
&quot;OK, baby. I am heading into the shop now. Talk to you later, OK?&quot; She
  asked.  
&quot;Yes, baby, later,&quot; Ben said.  
The phones were hung up again. Ben began doing the paperwork again. Janet
  went and began to shop, trying different lingerie on and frowning at almost
  every piece that touched her pale, freckle-covered flesh. Janet was getting
  weary with this expedition, and then finally found the perfect thing. It was
  a red teddy that was not form fitting. It covered her plush curves well and
  was very transparent. It had garter belts and red hose that she pulled on.
  The entire ensemble looked better than anything else she had tried on. She
  knew he would love it, or at least say he did.  
Janet made her purchases and then headed home. She had to get everything
  ready before her house began to get busy. She packed her suitcase and began
  to think of her reason for going out of town. She had already called into work
  for Friday, but she had to tell her family something. She also needed her mom
  to take her child for the weekend. Janet made the arrangements for her daughter.
  Finally, her husband was home. She explained to him that some of the girls
  were getting together for an overnight stay at the beach, friends from her
  hometown. She really wanted to go and asked if he was OK with this. John told
  her he was, so everything was set and ready to go.  
Friday came, and Janet kissed her daughter goodbye. She told her husband
  she would call later that night. The day was cool, but clear. The air was so
  fresh that it felt like she was breathing it for the first time in life. Her
  nipples were hard as little pebbles. Her pussy ached and throbbed. The breeze
  blew through her hair, lifting it in the soft puffs of wind. The sun radiated
  the tresses, making her head seem like it was covered in a roaring fire. The
  smell of fall was in the air. She could not wait to get to the hotel. Janet
  climbed into her vehicle and headed for the meeting spot.  
Ben had made excuses with his wife as well and made sure his kids were taken
  care of for the weekend. He told his wife he had a business conference and
  would be back Saturday or Sunday. He headed out the door and got into his car.
  He was having to rein himself in, as he wanted to be there right now. The anticipation
  was killing him. He sped down the highway, anxious to get there. Finally he
  pulled into the parking lot, and there she was. He stopped in the entrance
  and just looked at her. She had not seen him yet so he was able to just watch
  her. Janet was radiant today. The sun seemed to illuminate her body. She glowed
  with warmth and sensuality that Ben knew she had no idea she possessed.  
Janet had a hard time accepting compliments. Ben, of course, knew this and
  he was working on it with her. Janet felt him before she saw him. She stopped
  what she was doing and looked toward the entrance. There he was, just staring
  at her. Jane felt the red hue begin to suffuse over her body. How in the world
  could he just watch her? What did he think about when he did, she wondered?
  She waved her hand to him. She had her bags out and ready to be loaded into
  the car. Ben pulled in beside her and got out. He loaded her bags and opened
  the passenger's door for Janet. She bent and molded herself against the leather
  seat. The car was so comfortable. The drive would only be a couple of hours.
  There was lots she could do to cause mischief in that small amount of time.
  She laughed loudly then. Ben looked at her and saw that glint in her beautiful
  eyes and knew for certain he was in for lots of surprises.  
He entered the car, looked around, and saw no one about, so he leaned over
  and captured her mouth with his. The kiss was brief, but the electricity in
  the car that resulted would power a hundred houses for hours. Ben could see
  that Janet was breathless from that brief kiss. He knew she was feeling nervous,
  excited, and emotional all at once. He loved how her body surrendered to his
  touch. The things she had let him do to her were just unexplainable to him.  
He had spanked her hard a couple of times. He remembered the first time he
  lay her over his knees as he sat on the bed, so the bed supported them both.
  His hand rubbed the ivory moons. He noted every freckle there. Then, without
  warning, had brought his hand down with a loud SMACK! Janet had bit her lip
  then, and had not screamed. He repeated the smacks, noting her flesh turned
  red, then bright cherry-red, to where the heat was explosive from her cheeks.
  She was writhing on his lap then. He took his fingers and moved them through
  the cleft of her ass until he reached her pussy. He was surprised to find it
  sopping wet.  
His cock was already hard, but damn, when he felt her so wet he went rigid.
  His fingers moved into her. Her walls were hot and slick. She was sweating
  as she began to beg. He added another finger, and then decided to spank her
  again. His hands would alternate. Fingers were shoved in, then SMACK as fingers
  withdrew. He did this for about 15 slaps to the ass when suddenly he felt the
  change. Janet exploded all over his hand and legs. She was like an ocean. He
  had never felt someone get so wet and let go so well. Her ass was on fire,
  though. He knew she would not sit for awhile.  
Ben returned to the here-and-now and thought he would have to do the spanking
  thing again. Janet had been so hot that day. She had lost control, and that
  is what he wanted her to do. They rode to the beach talking about everything,
  work, play, home, family, friends, money and of course how things were going
  with them. He apologized for all the cancelled times, and hoped this trip would
  make up for it as he intended. Janet sat in the seat, stopped talking, and
  just watched him. He noticed that she had suddenly been quiet. Then he knew
  why.  
&quot;Baby, could you pull over a moment?&quot; Janet asked.  
&quot;Of course, darlin', you OK?&quot; He asked.  
&quot;Yes, I am well, hon.&quot; She replied.  
Ben pulled the car off the shoulder of the road, making sure to be far off
  the side as he did not wish to have his car door hit off or any other type
  of accident today. Janet leaned forward and whispered &quot;You have a spot
  on your pants, Ben. I am just going to see if I can wash it out.&quot; Sure
  enough, Janet leaned over and unbuttoned his trousers and an audible zip was
  heard following. Ben was rock hard after having remembered the spanking. He
  caught his breath when he heard her respond to his member.  
Janet leaned forward and found that Ben was hard. She pulled his cock out
  of his boxers, and in one great lunge consumed his hard meat into her mouth.
  She took him deep until the head was pushing at the back of her throat. She
  was consumed with desire then. She knew that her petals were soaked, but she
  wanted to do this for him. She began to run her tongue up and down the shaft
  as she moved his cock in and out. Her fingers worked magic on his balls.  
Ben was showing signs of being very aroused, to the point of being ready
  to beg her to hurry. Instead, his hands wrapped in her hair, and he began pushing
  her onto his cock. He made her keep his pace, not the other way around. Janet
  felt the change, and she cooed and whimpered. She loved it when he took control
  like this. She felt him her throat open more. He was almost gagging her with
  his thick girth. God, his cock was so smooth, and she could taste his pre-cum.
  Suddenly she heard his voice. He was going to cum. She knew it was happening
  when she felt the head seem to double in size, blocking her airway. Suddenly,
  she felt the warm, wet, salty fluid hit her mouth. She began swallowing quickly,
  as she could still feel him shove her head up and down, up and down.  
Ben felt her mouth wrap around his cock, and it was like heaven, or what
  he perceived as heaven -- so hot, so slick. He was so turned on, and that she
  would do this in the car on the highway was just exciting to him. She was relentless,
  keeping up with the pace he set. He was on fire as she moved her tongue around
  his shaft, sucking the head every chance he offered, but mostly just moving
  with him. He felt her fingers graze his balls and squeeze them. His balls were
  wet from her saliva and his fingers were gripping her hair so tightly. Suddenly,
  he felt her finger against his ass. He knew what she was about to do but was
  unsure about it until he felt her push gently into the sphincter. His ass tightened
  up worse than anything he had ever felt, but her mouth was moving like crazy,
  and as her finger moved in and out and her mouth up and down he suddenly felt
  his balls tighten and his body was so close.  
&quot;Oh God, I am going to explode, babe. Here it comes. Oh, yes!!&quot; He
  yelled.  
Janet felt her mouth fill with his essence and slide down her throat. She
  swallowed with no problem and continued sucking just the head. She felt his
  hands grip her head holding her still as he enjoyed the feeling and spasms
  that erupted more juice into her mouth. Finally he released her head. He was
  breathing heavily and she saw him sitting there in the seat with eyes closed.  
Janet's head came up and her eyes sparkled with lust for him. Her lips were
  swollen from the pressure of the blow job, and they looked more full and pouty.
  She kissed his ear and whispered, &quot;Did you enjoy it, baby?&quot;  
&quot;Yes! Darlin' how could I not?&quot; He said.  
Things grew quiet then as he grasped her hand and returned to the highway.
  He wanted to hurry up and get there now. His thoughts wandered to the hotel
  room he had reserved, the hot tub and the large, king-sized bed. He also could
  hear the water hitting the beach as the breeze off the ocean would come through
  the room.  
Janet rested her head against Ben's shoulder and closed her eyes. She was
  tired now, which was to be expected. They both knew her energy came and went.
  The car lulled her like a baby. The warmth of his body kept her company in
  her dreams. It was not long before she felt the car stop. Ben kissed her softly. &quot;Wake
  up, sleepy head. We are at the hotel, baby,&quot; Ben said.  
&quot;Oh, wow. I am sorry, Ben. I did not mean to sleep the entire trip,&quot; She
  said.  
&quot;It is OK, darlin'.&quot; Ben replied.  
Ben and Janet exited the car. They were both anxious to get checked in and
  spend the rest of the day and night together. Ben carried the bags and checked
  in while Janet waited at the car. He returned with the keys, and led the way
  to the room. There were pools indoors and outdoors. Janet heard the waves of
  the ocean crashing on the beach. She could smell the salt, and almost taste
  it from the breeze that blew past her. They rode the elevator up to the room.
  Janet was having very naughty thoughts about the elevator. Unbeknownst to her,
  so was Ben. He looked over at her and saw her flushed cheeks and knew she was
  thinking just what he was. He laughed out loud at that. Janet looked at him
  oddly. He just winked. Janet blushed more.  
Ben opened the door to the room and placed the bags at the makeshift closet. &quot;Close
  you eyes, Janet,&quot; He said. Janet closed her eyes like he asked and felt
  her heart flutter. Ben led Janet toward the in-ground hot tub that sat at the
  sliding glass doors of the room. &quot;Open your eyes now, honey,&quot; He
  said.  
Janet was in awe. The ocean was slamming onto the beach. There was a hot
  tub in the room where they could open the doors and allow the ocean breeze
  to caress them as the tub delighted them. She smiled so bright that Ben thought
  it changed the color of her eyes. &quot;It is lovely Ben. Thank you for this.
  It is so beautiful here,&quot; Janet said.  
Ben leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. Janet melted and melded
  her body to his. She wrapped her arms around his neck and let him lead the
  way of things to come. Ben was hard already. He knew they needed to eat but
  that was what room service was for anyway. He also knew it would be dark soon,
  and he wanted to walk the beach with her. Ben decided he could not wait. He
  needed her now. His fingers began removing the buttons from the holes on her
  shirt. Janet's fingers began tracing patterns on his back. The last button
  gave and her shirt fell open, revealing the red lace bra she had bought. His
  eyes lit up at the way her nipples were poking out through the lace. Janet's
  fingers found the bottom of his shirt, and she pulled it over his head. She
  tossed it to the ground.  
Ben found the buttons to her skirt and he released that as well. Janet felt
  the material as it fell down over her hips, with his hands following the slow
  movement. Janet's fingers found his belt and she removed the buckle and unbuttoned
  the pants. As she moved down his body her lips found his nipple, then his side,
  belly, hip, and then, finally, his cock. It was already dripping some as her
  lips found the tip. Her hands continued removing the clothing as her mouth
  tasted the delicious flesh.  
Ben knew if he did not stop her he was going to lose it quickly. He wanted
  her so badly that he was ready to explode with very little contact. Ben wrapped
  his hands in her hair and pulled her away from his shaft. He tugged gently
  for her to come up to him. His mouth quickly devoured hers, as he removed her
  bra, and then her panties. He knew she was embarrassed, as she was always shy
  with him. Eventually, though, he hoped she would get over that. The breeze
  blew softly through the curtains that covered the sliding glass door. The beach
  was silent except for the waves crashing onto the surf.  
He sat down on the bed and pulled her onto his lap. His lips found hers once
  more, and then he surprised her. He pointed to the top of the bed, where she
  saw something dangling. She crawled up there, and what she saw made her eyes
  pop wide open. There dangling was a silk tie. She wondered when he did this,
  but did not ask as she felt his hand on her shoulder. Janet complied with the
  pressure, turned over, and lay upon her back. Ben was on her quickly, his knee
  pushing her thighs apart as his hands lifted hers to the silk. Janet could
  feel the hard length of his shaft against her thigh. Her hips automatically
  moved, trying to caress that piece of him. Ben secured her wrists and made
  sure that it was not so tight as to cut off circulation. Then he proceeded
  to do as he had promised once before.  
Janet began to struggle. She was strung as taut as a banjo string right now.
  She knew the moment his mouth left her lips and moved down toward her breasts
  what he was going to do now. Her mind was in a frenzy. She did not cum that
  way. She had once, maybe twice, but no more than twice. She got too uptight,
  too nervous to relax and allow it to just happen. She had shared this with
  Ben, and he had said he was going to do that to her one day to show her that
  she could relax, and she would cum. Janet's eyes closed as she tried to relax.
  His mouth was biting her nipples over and over again. Janet was squirming beneath
  him as her hips still undulated, reaching for his thigh. He pressed his thigh
  down and felt her grind against it hard. Ben was glad he was able to turn her
  on like this. He continued to move his thigh rhythmically against her mound,
  his mouth wreaking havoc on the hard buds. Janet's pussy was randy against
  his leg. He moved rapidly down her abdomen. His tongue drew traces and circles
  down her belly, until he reached her mound of shaved petals. His fingers parted
  the silky petals, and he dipped his tongue into that fountain like a pen to
  ink.  
Janet arched off the bed the moment his tongue touched her there. She moaned
  and panted with each stroke of his tongue. Her heart raced, and she moved as
  much as she could on the bed. Her hands pulled at the silk ties. She yanked
  against it and cried out in total frustration. The pressure was building. It
  was getting autoerotic and so wet. She was beginning to sweat and panic. Ben
  was relentless. He would not let up. He kept the stroking up as his fingers
  entered her deep. He moved them in and out. She was soaked and drowning in
  her own essence. He could feel her walls shuddering and know she was close. &quot;I
  know you are close, honey. Just relax. You can do this. I know you can, and
  you will,&quot; Ben said.  
&quot;Oh, oh, oh, this is torture,&quot; she cried out.  
Ben continued his assault on her clit. She was so very, very close, when
  suddenly she felt his teeth. About the time his teeth bit down into that tender
  bud, he slid a third finger deep inside her. Janet came off the bed with both
  hips. She screamed loudly as the orgasm ripped through her body. Her body bucked
  beneath his mouth and her juices flooded his hand. She sounded like she was
  crying as she came. Ben knew though that this is how she sounded when she really
  came. He continued to bite that pearl a little more as he wanted her to truly
  get the most out of this. Janet knew if he kept biting her she would lose consciousness,
  or so she thought. His fingers did not stop. Ben kept the movement in and out
  of the spasming barrier, and his teeth kept scraping that swollen bud. It was
  solid and swollen. It was in perfect shape to pierce. He continued playing
  with her for another five minutes or so, and then stopped.  
Ben moved up her body, and in one swift motion was buried to the hilt inside
  her tight, honey-coated opening. She cried out again as his girth stretched
  her so wide. God, she was smooth and fine. The one thing that always amazed
  him was how constricted she was, and how snug he felt inside her. His lips
  found hers, and she could taste her sweetness on him. Their tongues played
  like dolphins in the surf. His cock moved in and out slowly. He pushed forward
  and pulled out gently. He continued to yield and resist inside her. Her legs
  lifted and allowed him even deeper access. His teeth found her neck and she
  felt him bite her there. She loved it when he bit her. Ben could feel her fingers
  on his back. She dragged her nails down his back lightly. She knew she could
  not leave any marks. He trusted her, as she did him. They had a perfect situation
  that was enjoyable for them both. Ben wanted to bury himself in her abysmal
  well. He wanted her ass so badly. Janet stopped him. She whispered something
  in his ear, and he stopped dead inside her.  
&quot;What did you say?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Untie me, lover. I want to give you a gift,&quot; she replied.  
Ben withdrew carefully, not wanting to lose his erection or to cum by accident.
  He untied her from the headboard. His eyes never left hers as she looked deeply
  into his. Then, with a smile, she turned over. She placed her head down upon
  the pillow and allowed her ass to press high up toward the ceiling. His heart
  about stopped. He knew what she was offering now. He was in total shock. He
  did not think she would ever let him do this. She was always telling him he
  was too thick for her. She pulled something out from under the pillow and he
  saw that it was the bottle of anal ease. He almost came just at the thought
  of going inside that ass. He was speechless. He leaned forward and kissed her
  shoulder. His lips moved down her back, and he even kissed the pale half moons
  of her ass.  
Janet knew he would be surprised, and she was so joyful for the look that
  his eyes gave her. She knew this was special to him, and would be for them.
  She felt his fingers slide into her tunnel and pull forth her essence. She
  could feel his fingers sliding past her puckered hole, coating it with her
  own cum. She then felt the coldness of the anal ease. She jumped when it was
  applied to her hole. Janet halfway screeched as it chilled her. Ben chuckled
  a little at this. He then began to work the anal ease into her ass. He lubed
  her well, and made sure to stretch her a little before he even attempted to
  place his member there. The time neared, as he was able to put three fingers
  in and past her muscle. He held his fingers in her ass and opened her. He thrust
  forward, placing the head at her entrance, and felt her tense immediately.  
&quot;Relax, honey. If you don't relax it will hurt, and I do not want to
  hurt you. If you don't want to do this, I will stop. I do not have to have
  this,&quot; Ben said.  
&quot;No Ben, I want to give this to you. I want to share this with you.
  I trust you, and I know you will stop if I cannot handle it at this time,&quot; She
  replied.  
Ben kissed her back again. He waited patiently until he felt her relax. He
  moved the head between his fingers until his head was at the tightest stricture.
  Removing his fingers helped her adjust to his girth. He waited. The fingers
  of his other hand moved around to her clit and began to rub it gently. He could
  hear her moaning and her breathing pick up as her pleasure and need built swiftly.
  He felt her relax and he pressed forward and stopped again. He continued to
  play with her and move forward when she would relax. It took about five minutes,
  but finally he was all the way in, and she had not cried out in pain at all.
  He played with her some more, and then felt her pull away and then move back
  onto him. She started the rhythm, so he knew she was ready. His hands rested
  on the rise of her hips. He then slapped her ass hard. He began to alternate
  slaps with thrusts. Her cheeks reddened fast. He was lost in her gift and the
  feeling of this tight grip on his manhood. &quot;God, this was incredible,&quot; he
  thought, as he continued to move inside her.  
Janet was about to cum again. She wanted to cum with him. She held back and
  waited for him. She felt him begin to swell in her ass, and his hands had dug
  into her backside. He was groaning, moaning, and panting. She felt the sweat
  from his forehead hit her flesh. She heard him before she felt him. His hand
  gripped her clit hard, and he pulled. When he did that, lightening shot through
  her body. She felt herself release, screaming loudly as she came. Her ass bumped
  back against him forcefully. His cum shot forth and bathed her insides. She
  could feel it way up inside of her, the force was so great. He pumped her hard
  three times, then two slow, then three more quick. Ben then stopped and rested
  against her back. Janet's spasms kissed her body as Ben spent himself inside
  her. She moaned as her heart raced. She felt so alive and so sexy.  
Ben pulled out of her ass slowly. He was numb at the tip of his cock from
  the anal ease but God, he felt good. He felt awesome. Ben pulled her close
  to him, and they snuggled for a while and allowed their bodies to cool down.
  She got him to turn over after a little while, and began to massage his shoulders.
  Ben thought she was so good at this. Her hands were like magic. She knew just
  how hard to squeeze, push, and stretch. Janet loved feeling his skin beneath
  her fingers. It felt so nice to be here alone with him, with no phones, no
  spouses, no kids, nothing to interrupt them for an entire day. They would remember
  this day for a very long time to come, since days like this would be very few.
  Janet continued to manipulate his flesh until Ben fell asleep.  
Janet got up after Ben fell asleep and unpacked her bag. She started the
  water of the bath and settled down into the tub. Janet relaxed there, almost
  falling asleep herself. She knew Ben would rest for a while, so she took her
  time. She climbed out of the bath and dried off. She rubbed her special lotion
  into her skin and allowed the soft scent to permeate the air. She got out the
  new outfit and began to dress. She pulled a dress on over the ensemble and
  then went to wake Ben. They were going to dinner. At least she thought they
  were. Ben seemed to have other plans. He wanted to see her outfit before they
  went out. Janet pulled her dress off and allowed him to gaze at what she had
  bought. What he saw took his breath away. She had bought a new lingerie outfit
  for him, and it was the entire works. Garters and all were there. He stood
  there and just looked at her up and down. She was gorgeous. Beautiful. &quot;Honey,
  you are beautiful. So beautiful. Thank you for this, and for being you!&quot; Ben
  said.  
She blushed very red and replied softly. &quot;Thank you baby for bringing
  me here and treating me so well. This is the best I have felt in ages.&quot;  
They got dressed, went out to eat, and enjoyed the rest of their time together.  
Readers will just have to imagine what he did to her after dinner. Perhaps
  a sequel?  
Written by niyah2. Copyright 2004. All rights reserved.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  niyahlove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





