BDSM Library - Evil




Evil
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie returns from Africa, but she is followed by evil supernatural dogs who pack rape her.Julie was lying in bed in England on her first night back from Africa.  
She went with a well known archeologist, Mr Merrin, who was previously know
  as Father Merrin. Father Merrin, as we shall call him, lost his faith after
  it had been tested by living in Nazi-occupied Europe, and so he decided to
  leave the Church.  
The scene is a familiar one to those who lived through their times. In a
  small town in Poland, three German soldiers were killed. The three Germans
  were singled out for attack by the locals because they had raped a 10 year
  old girl. Such rapes were common, but what the soldiers had done which perhaps
  incesnced the locals was that they raped her vaginally, anally and orally.
  And more than that, they did it in the town square, in front of a hundred on-lookers
  who were kept back by trained machine-guns.  
The mother of the child wept as she saw the soldiers rape her child. The
  by-standers saw rough fingers penetrate her. They saw here little mouth stretch
  around the shoving in of an adult penis. Finally, perhaps for the child's sake,
  one of the soldiers put his pistol into her vagina and pulled the trigger.
  She died without pain.  
And so it was that the soldiers had to die. The German officer and the locals
  discovered the bodies. The crowd gather around the bodies, as they had been
  stabbed in the town square, where the market was, in other words, just near
  where they had raped and killed the child. The crowd had about 20 people in
  it. The senior German officer in attendance said to the crowd, 'for the deaths
  of these men, 10 of you will die.' He paused and looked at Father Merrin and
  said 'and you will choose them.'  
The Priest said that his God would not let him do such a thing, as choosing
  who was to be shot would be the same as killing them himself.  
The German scoffed with a soft laugh. 'You will choose or I will kill them
  all. And as for your God, God is not here today Priest.' He pulled a child
  out of the crowd (she was about 6) and shot her through the head. The blood
  spurted onto her mother and the child's body hit the ground with a thud.  
Father Merrin then chose who was to die.  
It was as he pointed his finger at the remaining nine, preferring the ill
  and the old, that he had ceased to be a Priest.  
This was the man that Julie had worked with in Africa for two years. Before
  becoming a Priest, Merrin studied archeology at Oxford, and this was the profession
  to which he returned. There had been rumors, just outside Nairobi, Kenya, that
  a Church had been built in 500AD, an impossibility as Christianity had not
  reached there yet. Their job was to investigate it.  
Julie was the young, bright archeologist, fresh with her Ph.D, that was assigned
  to help Merrin on the dig.  
What happened during that dig, at that church in Nairobi, can be told here
  in a few sentences. There were 30 people in all, and Julie was the only one
  to survive. She didn't know how she escaped, but Merrin thought that she was
  special, because she was the only woman on the dig, and the only Virgin.  
Julie had a Roman Catholic upbringing, and not only didn't have sex before
  marriage, but she didn't masturbate either. The sexual desires of any young
  health adult she sublimated into her studies or her voluntary work. The desires
  she had during the two years in Africa melted under her little food, her had
  work and her constant prayers. The temptations at the dig were the strongest
  she had ever felt.  
The men, naturally, worked without shirts, as the temperatures were in their
  40s Celsius. She watched them as the muscles of the Black natives moved underneath
  their skin, their flat tummies strained as they hauled rocks. She noticed how
  thick their thighs were. Everywhere she looked there was flesh. Sweat, of course,
  poured off her, and between her legs, the combination of celibacy and desire
  meant, literally, that her vaginal juices would overflow the thinness of her
  panties, and dribble like sweat down her thighs.  
The men, of course, propositioned her as often as they could, and it took
  a year before they gave up. Merrin had given her and taught her how to shoot
  a revolver, saying that was the only way she was going to leave a virgin.  
It was during their time there that Julie came across evil. The details of
  what happened we do not know.  
But after the men had started dying off at an alarming rate, Julie had been
  picked up on the outskirts of the dig. She seemed mad. The Church had literally
  disappeared, and so when she started talking of a digging team of 30, the police
  thought she was mad. No bodies were found. There were no records of a dig (she
  later found out that it was done secretly, to avoid government interference).  
As she had an English accent, the local police just took her to the Embassy,
  who arranged for a week's stay in Nariobi before sending her back to England.
  In fact, while in hospital, she lost all memory of what had happened.  
She did not believe that evil, true evil as she saw in Africa, would follow
  her back to England. She had prayed every night to keep the evil away. She
  had prayed every night, except tonight. And perhaps because of that, the evil
  reappeared. The evil was here. It was just outside her bedroom door.  
She didn't need to see what was making the rustling noises outside her door.
  She knew the mark of the footprints, she new the darkness of the fur, the long
  forearms, the robust hindquarters. The faces of these creatures were clearly
  those of some sort of wild dog, but eyes were different. They were knowing
  eyes, the eyes of a creature that knows that it is looking at and which has
  an intelligence of evil behind it. They were not puppets moving at Satan's
  command, and they were not wild animals in the strict sense either: they were
  thinking, planning, conscious beings, who had actively decided to serve the
  Prince Of Darkness.  
The size of their bodies was such that they could have broker through the
  door in a moment. They were slightly larger than the largest dog you ever saw.
  Not only were their heads larger in proportion to their bodies, emphasizing
  their superior intelligence, but they genitals were larger as well. Their testicles
  produced larger than necessary amounts of semen. The penis, when erect, was
  no long and skinny like a dog's, but was the length of a human's and twice
  the width. It was a penis that had two functions: one was to impregnate, and
  the other was to cause pain in the receiver.  
The rustling of feet became louder, and a strong wind started blowing against
  her window. Anyone in the street would have seen that there was a storm developing,
  but that it blew at only one window, and the moon's light shone everywhere
  except for that one house. Inside, internal doors started to bang shut, the
  refrigerator started to strain as the temperature had dropped, but nothing
  could be heard outside, and all outside was quiet.  
Inside her bedroom, Julie's own room started to heat. Her thin body, slim
  as in Africa she was almost on permanent diet, started to perspire. The summer
  nightdress that she wore began to stick to her skin. Puddles of sweat developed
  underneath her arms, and between her legs, at the tops of her thighs, the panties
  were drenched with sweat. The dry mattress soaked up her perspirant.  
There was a loud bang as one of the dog creatures through it body against
  her door. It banged its body again, and again, creating terror in the shaking
  Julie. The body of the thrusting creatures weighed hundreds of kilos, but it
  was lacking determination. In fact it was almost playing. Bang went the door
  and the lock flew off and the creatures entered.  
The dog creatures were exactly as they were in Africa. They were so massive,
  their teeth so large in their large heads, that Julie knew they could kill
  her at any moment they choose. A bite to the throat would be a merciful way
  to die. More painful would be for one of them to grab her by the arm, and shake
  its head two and fro as if it were killing a rabbit, while it dragged her body
  across the room. Heaven forbid, they might work as a pack and kill her my a
  hundred small bites and clawing rips.  
A dog moved up towards her and bit her by the ankle. It wasn't a snapping
  bite, but a bite that remained, its teeth fixed around her ankle. It pulled
  Julie off her bed and in the middle of the floor. It was not till later that
  she realized that the bite did not produce pain, it was more like a firm grip
  of a man's hand rather then the sharp pain of a dog's bite.  
It had little trouble pulling Julie across the floor. As it did so Julie's
  nightdress dragged up around her waist, exposing her panties. As the first
  dog held on to her ankle, another one came forward and bit into her panties,
  scratching her skin with its upper canines. The panties caught on the dog teeth,
  and it snapped its hard left and right, ripping the panties off her one leg.
  It took a step forward, its head above her pussy. Repeating the action, it
  ripped and then pulled the panties which broke the elastic which was around
  the other thigh. It looked straight down, and its saliva flowed out around
  her pussy. Its top teeth scraped over her pussy, biting its jaws together,
  and ripped the panties off completely.  
While this was happening, and she almost didn't notice, another dog had grabbed
  her by the left wrist. Another my the right wrist and they pulled her arms
  aside as if she was going to be crucified. It was this moment that she thought
  she would die. She waited for the large knife, the bite to the throat, the
  strike of lightening which would follow her off. But it never came. A fourth
  dog pulled at her nightdress, biting and pulling till she was completely naked.
  The dog then resumed its position, biting her right ankle.  
Both of the ankle dogs, at the same time and as if working with one mind,
  pulled her legs apart. They pulled, and pulled, and pulled. Pain started developing
  in her hips, tendons became tight up her legs. She felt that if they pulled
  any more her pelvis would break. The pain increased and she passed out.  
Julie was unaware how long she was unconscious for. She just knew when she
  woke that things were better. Her hips were sore but there was no pain. She
  felt &ndash; wonderful, actually. Perhaps it had all been a bad dream. She
  dreamt of her last boyfriend, that was over a year now since she had sex, going
  down on her the way he use to. He was such a good lover. And she remember how
  she would be licked my him, and how he use to sometimes growl and pretend to
  be a dog.  
Her serenity was disturbed as she became more conscious. She opened her eyes
  and looked up. She was indeed being licked, by one of the creatures. Her sexual
  pleasure now ceased, the sexual wetness between her legs stopped. The creature
  was larger than the others, and they all served him, hold her legs and arms
  in position. The creature licked and licked, as if it were dying of thirst
  and Julie's organs were simply a faucet producing needed moisture.  
The dog stopped licking and looked up. Its eyes met Julie's. it was not dog.
  It was clear that this was Satan. Whether Satan is an idea or a concept or
  something within all of us, she didn't know. But she that this dog knew what
  it was doing. And it was doing evil.  
The dog walked forward, up Julie's body, dripping saliva along the bottom
  of her tummy as it moved. It started licking her breasts, growling at her.
  For the first time, Julie wet herself, the urine forming a puddle underneath
  her bottom. The dog started licking her face, forcing its tongue into Julie's
  mouth, stopping her from breathing through her nose when its tongue blocked
  her nostrils. I started biting her hair and pulling at it, making her head
  rise up so that when she opened her eyes she would see.  
What did she see? The penis was growing. It was growing large and out of
  the dog's body. The tip started rubbing in between Julie's legs. Dripping from
  the penis was semen, so excited was the animal on top of her. The dog pulled
  at Julie's hair more, forcing her to watch whether she wanted to or not. It
  lowered it hips. It was slow and deliberate. It was going to rape her.  
The penis, once it was in place, no long moved slow. The dog forced itself
  into her with one great thrust, so that there was no doubt that it was inside
  her. The force of the fucking was extreme, with each thrust like a man with
  a heavy body punching her in the groin, again and again, again and again, till
  she became red and started bleeding. The penis inside only became harder, its
  width grew even more, and it became just a little longer, but long enough for
  it to be thrusting so far in that it was touching her cervix.  
Pounding is the only way to describe the thrusting. The pounding was frantic,
  like a man trying to escape death. It hit into her again and again, causing
  her pain. Her muscles contracted around the penis, trying to determine whether
  this was rape or extreme pleasure. She didn't notice at the time, but each
  penis on each of the other dogs also started dripping its semen.  
At the end of this performance the dog had ejaculated inside her. Fitting
  with the size of its genitals, there was a lot of semen, and it started running
  outside of Julie almost straight away. In totally, the dog had been taking
  Julie for about 15 minutes. She later calculated, therefore, that she had been
  raped for well over an hour, because each of the other dogs had their turn
  to rape her as well.  
After the rape, Julie was left on the floor, naked, with the semen having
  been absorbed inside her body. Her hips ached where the dogs held her legs
  apart, her wrists and ankles were sore, but there were no teeth marks. Her
  vagina was bruised and sore.  
Julie could report what happened to the police, but what good would it do.
  They would laugh at her, or contact a psychiatrist for assessment. She could
  go to a local priest for comfort, but how many of them had the experience of
  seeing evil with their own eyes, and how many of them had actually come face
  to face with Satan.  
She passed out, and woke in them morning. The sun was glimmering in through
  the curtains. Although she had been violently raped by dogs, she felt that
  satisfaction and lack of tension which comes from passionate love-making. From
  then on she put Holy Water at her door and window to keep out such creatures.
  She knew that with God's protection she would be safe. She had forgot about
  the episode, as far as she could, within weeks.  
With the love of God, with the protection of his Grace, she need never fear
  evil again.  
Four weeks late, her period was late.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  julieshining


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





