BDSM Library - A Tale




A Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: White slavers discover risks they never knew possible in their line of work. FROM PERIL DELIVERED  
 by  
 TEACHER  
She sucks in her breath sharply and cries out as the burning sensation floods
  her buttocks. As she stands unsteadily in the slow moving old cargo van, she
  is supported by her arms which are being gripped tightly. Each of the two men,
  one on each side of her, is dark and sinister looking. They face each other
  kneeling on one knee and using their bent knees to support her midsection.
  The threat of even worse things to come is obvious in their eyes.  
How did she find herself in this helpless and maybe even hopeless situation?
  Here she is being held captive by four Middle-eastern looking men. Her clothes
  lying in a shredded heap in the right rear corner of the filthy van in which
  she is being held.  
Her looks are striking....appearing like an 18 year old Faith Hill. Her natural
  light blond hair a gift of heredity from her Scandanavian ancestors. Likewise,
  her crystal blue eyes which seemed to dance when she laughs which she did often.
  She is a happy girl without guile and perhaps a little naive. Standing 5 feet
  5 inches and weighing 110 pounds, her figure is shapley without being voluptuous.
  Because she likes to run and does it often, there isn't any body fat to speak
  of. She gets lots of attention from the male students at the High School from
  which she is graduating. Laura isn't dating anyone seriously and is quite secure
  in herself without being self-absorbed and is totally without conceit. She
  is fairly sure that she will end up with someone like her Father who she respects
  and adores. He is her ideal of what a man should be. She is not attracted to
  the &quot;bad boy&quot; types most of the really popular girls find so desirable.
  Laura is heading to College as a decent student, and is a more than decent
  human being. She enjoys tutoring grade school kids in Reading as a volunteer.
  Virtue, to her, is its own reward.  
She has a warm relationship with her parents and the rest of the close family
  in which she has grown up sheltered and protected. Still, she has been allowed
  to develope her own personality. Her friends think it is quite odd that while
  they are rebelling against their parents in practically everything, Laura seems
  quite content to take on her parents' values, morals, and general outlook on
  life. As far as her parents are concerned, this Daughter is about as perfect
  as one could be. Of course, she isn't perfect but she is definitely a great
  source of pride to her parents.  
As the brain fog created by the stun gun which had been used on her starts
  to lift, she remembers her Mother's admonition as she left the house to jog, "Be
  careful, it is not safe to be running before the sun comes up." Parents always
  worry too much and if they had their way, she wouldn't go anywhere without
  an armed guard. That would have been advisable this particular morning. If
  only she had been able to conceive that there might be a threat before she
  left, she might have avoided this nightmare which was just beginning.  
Dressed in a bright green silk running jacket, black sports bra, black leotards
  and white running shoes, she was jogging down the middle of the quiet suburban
  street about 6 AM. They silently glided up behind her as she ran, opened up
  the sliding side door and hopped out. She doesn't hear them because of the
  MP3 player which is plugged into her ears and blasting away her favorite running
  music. She feels a sharp jolt of electricity.  
As she is rendered unconscious, she is pulled into the slow-moving van and
  tossed on to the floor. Just that quickly, they begin to cut her clothes from
  her body using a large pair of shears. They are careful to prevent injuries
  to her body while they cut the clothes from her.  
The destruction of her clothes is symbolic and hope-of-escape robbing. It
  is intended to show her that her situation is hopeless. Being naked forever
  is to be a symbol to her of her lack of control of her own body and the entire
  situation. It is emblematic of her inability to stop others from doing whatever
  they chose to do to her body.  
The driver, Shazzaar, is careful to only speed up to the speed limit to as
  not to attract the attention of a patrol car. Getting pulled over for a traffic
  violation is a sure way to be charged with immigration violations, kidnapping,
  and all of the other crimes the group had committed since they had arrived
  here illegally from Canada after sneaking across the border.  
As her mind cleared a little more, she became aware of the conversation going
  on around her. What she hears is gut-clenching. They are talking about what
  they will be doing to her and with her once they are finished with her. To
  hear them discussing her like she is an animal or a piece of meat is humiliating
  and frightening at the same time.  
This group of four had several purposes in their quiet prowl of this slightly
  above average income neighborhood. Their primary means of support consists
  of the sale of sex slaves that they kidnap and sell in the Slave markets of
  Saudi Arabia. It is very, very lucrative. Secondly, there is no reason why
  they cqnnot have some sexual fun before they ship their cargo to the East.
  They need to be sure that they do not permanently mark their prey and if she
  is a virgin they did not want to destroy that particular asset. After all,
  one did not have to vaginally rape a girl in order to get satisfaction which
  is a side benefit of the this enterprise.  
Their plan for this hapless victim is the same fate as for all of their victims
  . There is a huge market and therefore a huge payoff for the delivery of young
  blond females in the slave markets of Saudi Arabia. Virgins are, of course,
  the most highly prized and bring the highest prices. Once she is sold, she
  will never again be seen....she will be used by her owner until he is tired
  of her and then she will be sold to another, at a much smaller price, of course
  because she will no longer fetch virgin prices. This selling and reselling
  will continue until there is not much value left in her and then she will end
  up in a cheap brothel.  
While she is lying on the floor of the van, naked from the stripping of her
  running clothes, the abductors play with her body. They run their hands over
  her almost perfect body noting the attributes that will undoubtedly fuel a
  fierce bidding war when she is displayed on the auction block. Her skin is
  clear and slightly tanned from spending some of her Summer in the sun. She
  has a very slight rise to her belly which is just enough to add shape to an
  already beautiful set of contours. Her pubic area is not shaven, however her
  legs and underarms are smooth and totally lacking in hair. At some point, she
  will be shaved as the buyers of flesh in the Middle East for the most part
  do not like to encounter hair except on their concubine's head. Mohamed decides
  that this is a task he will do himself and is sure he will enjoy it even though
  he is fairly sure that she will not. Her legs are rather long and shapely as
  the rest of her body. Her breasts are erect and the nipples are a very light
  shade of tan. There is no doubt that this gorgeous blond is a real blond as
  the lower part of her body testifies.  
Slowly coming to from the electric jolt, it takes a minute or so to realize
  that she is totally naked and that her clothes had been gone. They are talking
  about not wanting to wait to sample her body. They discuss part of her will
  be off limits, who will be first, and what protocol they will follow. The sight
  of her lovely nude body is just too tittillating to put off the sexual congress
  that they all crave with her. She wants to know why they have destroyed her
  clothes. They laugh. She is told that it is not likely that she will ever wear
  these clothes or any other clothes as long as she was allowed to live.  
It takes a few moments for the gravity of that information to sink into her
  mind. As she grasps it, she breaks down into a sobbing invocation to let her
  leave unharmed. Again, they laugh at her. Why would they let her go? They certainly
  don't feel any sympathy, empathy, or even kindness toward her. Lust...yes,
  lots of lust which would shortly be satiated. The kidnappers had discussed
  waiting until they reached their hideout to start to break her into the sexual
  slave that she is to become. They need to find out just what a prize this one
  is. They would have their relief now and the cash payoff later when she is
  shipped.  
They are surprisingly gentle at first as their hands rove over her legs,
  breasts, buttocks, arms and feet. All of them spend much of their copious spare
  time reading and watching pornography. Most of it, of course, is rape and kidnapping
  material. They buy into the theme that pervades most of that genre. That theme
  being, that women, even if they are forced and restrained, will react positively
  to being raped. The notion is that a woman's body will betray her true feelings
  by responding with pleasure once the perpetrator is able to breach her natural
  defenses and stimulate her sexual organs. While all of this is going on, she
  is begging to be set free.  
They became more bold as they continue to roll her nipples between their
  fingers, insinuate their fingers slightly into her the cleft between her buttocks
  and her vagina. There seems to be no end to their patience with this activity.
  Laura is squirming in an attempt to avoid them. They mistake her movement as
  pleasure. The fact is that she feels like she wants to jump out of her skin.
  She hates her tormentors and isn't deriving pleasure from having her naked
  body pauwed over by 3 complete strangers. They diddle with her breasts and
  rub their fingers back and forth across the lips of her sex, trying to tease
  a positive sexual arousal from her body. They treat her body as if they own
  it and in essence they actually do. She continues to squirm and trying to evade
  their probing fingers. Her fear and loathing is growing and she cries even
  harder. Her entire body is shaking as she is wracked with shame and fearful
  expectation of what will be done to her next. They notice that her hands are
  clenched and her toes are tightly curled. Her obvious discomfort only heightens
  their lust for her. There will not be any mercy shown no matter how much pleading
  she does.  
They are eager to find out just what they have so that they can estimate
  what the payoff for this caper will be. She is asked if she is a virgin. With
  a trembling, halting voice, she admits that she has never had sex in any form.
  They are skeptical. There was only one way to find out and Mohamed tells her
  that he is going to stick his finger into her sex far enough to find out if
  her hymen is intact. As Mohamed tries to insert his forefinger into her vagina,
  she pulls up her legs defensively and kicks at him.  
He knows instinctively and from past experience that he will need to prove
  his dominance with her and decides that this is the opportune moment for that.
  Patiently, he explains that she is not to resist anything that will be done
  to her and that she needs an object lesson so that her compliance will come
  without hesitation or resistance. He shows her several implements that could
  be used to discipline her. First, he shows her a riding crop which he would
  like to use but the marks it would leave on her flawless skin would take a
  long time to disappear, if they did at all. Her eyes grow wider. Next he shows
  her a birch rod but he admitted it would have the same disadvantage as the
  crop. She is trying to shrink away from this instrument of pain but to no avail.
  The wooden Fraternity paddle is the next thing shown to her. It has holes drilled
  in it and of course it would do a lot of damage to the skin. As he points out
  the disadvantages of the various pain utensils, her fright and desperation
  rises. Laura persists in trying to arouse compassion on the part of even one
  of her abductors but to no avail.  
They feel that she needs to be taught a painful lesson right away because
  she isn't going to like anything else that will be happening to her any better
  than this. They do not want her obstructing their plans for her either short
  term or long term. She tries to assure Mohamed that she will obey but he knows
  that her schooling needs to take place.  
The paddle he intends to use for punishment is specifically chosen to inflict
  the maximum amount of pain and the least amount of marking and injury to her
  body. The leather paddle is about the size of a racquetball racquet but it
  is solid and has a little give to it as it is applied. The sting from it is
  frightful and the sound is equally intimidating. The leather paddle will work
  just fine. As she looks at it, she almost passes out from fright.  
So, this is how she finds herself, naked, bent over the knees of two of her
  captors and about to be thrashed. Pain is a good deterrent to defiance and
  pain is what Mohamed decides she is going to experience. The first stroke is
  followed quickly with another. Actually, there is no time space between the
  swats that Mohamed rains on her. She will receive as many as he can give her
  continuously before his arm tires out. The globes of her rear end are quickly
  fiery red and her throat is raw from screaming in pain. As she is being beaten,
  she begins to think that he will never stop! He doesn't say a word to her until
  he, exhausted from the exercise, stops beating her. Upon completion of this
  first beating, he quietly and menacingly says "this is to teach you to comply
  immediately when you are told to do something". She is crying so hard and choking
  on her tears that she can only nod her head that she has learned the lesson
  intended. He smiles benevolently at her and without hesitating, inserts his
  finger and finding the pot of gold he is searching for. The hymen is there
  and intact. It was getting very difficult to find young American girls who
  had not experimented with sex. This one is gorgeous AND virginal. It doesn't
  get any better than this! A beautiful, blond, virgin is the Holy Grail in a
  slave auction. The bidding will be fierce.  
Yes, she is a virgin because unlike a lot of the girls that she knows, she
  had decided not to give away something as precious as her virginity to some
  high school kid out for a quick cheap thrill. It is both a matter of common
  sense and morality as far as she is concerned. Now, she realizes that she has
  saved herself for a ravishment that she is powerless to stop. It is ironic.
  She saved herself only to become a sex slave in the Middle East.  
Mohamed proceeds to tell her in advance what the next ordeal will be and
  wants to be sure she will remember what will happen if she resists. She nods
  again that she understands, still unable to talk. She is lowered to the floor
  of the van and placed stomach down over a low 8 inch high bench which is only
  about twelve inches wide. Her ankles are tied to the iron hooks which had been
  welded to the van's floor and her wrists are handcuffed to the similar hooks
  in front of her. It is terribly uncomfortable and it is only going to get worse.  
Mohamed tells her that because she is a virgin, she will not be vaginally
  violated. It would be stupid to reduce her value by taking her virginity. After
  all, money is the real motivator for this project, not that they all couldn't
  have some fun before she is shipped to Saudi Arabia.  
The fun will be relatively harmless to her as he explains. She is going to
  be forced to fellate all four of them and she is going to raped anally by all
  four of them. Out of consideration for her obvious fastidiousness, the fellation
  is going to take place first and not vice versa. Mohamed, as the leader will
  naturally go first and he is becoming very aroused as he describes what will
  happen next.  
There is a dirty gray curtain separating the driver cab from the back of
  the van. This prevents any prying eyes from observing the action taking place.
  The windows are closed and that prevents anyone from hearing her screams. They
  would gag her however they need her mouth for what is to come next.  
Mohamed positions himself so that he is seated on the floor with her head
  between his legs and his legs extended over her manacled arms and resting heavily
  on them. Pulling out his penis, Laura is stunned at the size of it. It is at
  least 3 inches in circumference and about 9-10 inches in length. At first,
  he moves his penis around rubbing it on her face....he positions it against
  her closed lips motioning for her to open up. She resists only for a short
  time and finally accepts what is inevitable.  
Grabbing her by her twin ponytails, he pulls her face onto his penis. She
  doesn't really want to cooperate however the pain in her buttocks reminds her
  that she does not want a repeat of the beating she just received. He pushes
  and pulls and it does not take long to spurt onto her face and into her mouth
  gagging her. It is so humiliating.. and she can hardly catch her breath.  
Almost without a hesitation, Mohamed produced a jar of vasoline. He shows
  it to her and points out that it is really for her benefit. He doesn't want
  to ruin the merchandise but he does not tell her that. He liberally applies
  it to her anus and pushes a glob of it into the rectum with his forefinger.
  He inserts his well lubricated penis into her well lubricated anus. Even with
  lubrication, the passageway is still too tight to enter easily. Once again,
  he uses her ponytails to leverage his thrusts. Pushing just the head of his
  penis inside her anus, it lets it stay for a full minute without stroking in
  and out. Then, he pushes in a little further again stopping for a brief moment.
  Then he starts pumping into her in earnest. It is still tight. The back and
  forth motion on her middle is causing bruising and scrapes which he would have
  avoided if this was not so pleasurable. But, these minor bruises and the scrapes
  will surely disappear by the time she reaches the slave market.  
He comes for the second time and stays in for a while enjoying the feeling
  of being inside of her. After a short while, he shrinks and he pulls out and
  zips up. He motions for Ahmed to have his turn. He reminds him that he is to
  use her orally before using her anus.  
Ahmed is only too eager to begin his humiliation of this flower of American
  womanhood as he takes his position in front of Laura. He pulls out his member
  and Laura notes that is is less prodigious than that of Mohamed, however, it
  is no more hygienic and he uses it with even more fervor. Pushing it to the
  back of her throat, gagging her, and making her feel like she cannot breathe.
  He tells her to breathe through her mouth. When he ejaculates, it is all into
  her mouth and he does not permit her to spit it out. She silently wishes that
  they would kill her now so that she would not have to endure anymore of this
  outrage being committed on her.  
As Ahmed finishes up, he takes up a place behind her. Mohamed instructs him
  to once again use the vasoline to prevent damage to their very valuable asset.
  He applies a liberal quantity to both her entry and his member. Moving rapidly
  like a mechanism, his midsection slaps against her buttocks and the sound is
  loud. He also uses her ponytails to leverage his thrusts. If he were pulling
  only a tiny bit harder, her hair would be pulled from her head. Between her
  queasiness, the pain on her buttocks and the pain in her rectum, and the pain
  coming from her head with her hair being pulled, she is overwhelmed by her
  circumstances. As he reaches his climax, she begs for at least an interval
  of rest. That is not going to happen. She is denied even this small favor.  
He is followed by Ali. Ali is vicious and cunning. He always has an angle
  and thinks that he follow his own plan of action without regard to the plans
  of Mohamed. As he uses Laura's face, he decides that he is going to take her
  maidenhead. He doesn't really care if it diminishes her value. After all, he
  has risked everything in kidnapping her and he is going to have her completely
  or else. After he ejaculates into her face, (God, How she hates this), he moves
  around behind her positioning himself to have the second half of his treat.
  He is so intent on his next move that he does not notice how closely Mohamed
  is watching him. Ali is slowly rubbing the head of his penis between the cleft
  of her behind arousing himself again. As he moves it downward, he attempts
  to insert it in her vagina. Mohamed is not having any of this. He grabs Ali
  around the neck and pulls him away from his prey.  
Tossing him against the back door of the van, Mohamed kicks him hard in the
  groin. There is little need for words. Ali knows what he has attempted and
  thought he could get away with it before anyone knew. Mohamed tells him he
  has just lost his turn and he will not be permitted to touch her again either
  now or later when they reach their destination. There is no point in his arguing
  as he is told to take over driving so that Shazzaar  
who has missed all of the recreation so far is able to have his share of
  the spoils.  
What happens next is not a lot different than the previous outrages. Shazzaar
  finishes both of his rapes and returns to driving.  
The evidence of their facial and anal rape drips from her body. She feels
  so debased and filthy that she is sure that she will never again look in a
  mirror and be proud of herself. She is trembling and seemingly without recourse.
  Her desperation is turning into hopelessness. Her hopelessness is turning into
  a kind of numbness.  
Laura is in near shock. She is trying to make sense of what had just happened
  when the van came to a stop. They use the remnants of her clothes to wipe her
  body down. The dirty gray cloth that was hanging from rings at the top of the
  van, is removed and used to wrap Laura up completely covering her after the
  restraints are removed. Rope is used to tie up the cloth around her. She feels
  herself being picked up and carried. They obviously do not want to be seen
  dragging a naked abused girl into a building.  
She is unwrapped much like a Christmas present and in truth and in more ways
  than one she actually is. When they pull the dirty rag off of her she realizes
  that she is in what looks like an empty gym. The only thing that she can see
  besides her captors is a saw horse. She refuses to think what that might mean
  for her. As she is unwrapped, they put handcuffs on her wrists and ankles to
  disable her.  
They bring in the rags that had been her running clothes before they used
  the shears to cut them off of her. They also bring in her small fanny pack
  which contains her wallet.  
From her ID they learn that she has just turned 18. They also find a photograph
  of her and what they quickly determine is her identical twin sister. Twisting
  her right nipple viciously, they determine that her sister's name is Catherine.
  They also determine that her twin Catherine lives at home as she does. This
  made it obvious what was going to happened next. They would simply stake out
  her home and snatch the sister as soon as they could. As she listened to their
  plans for her equally innocent sister, she knew that she had to do something
  to disrupt their plans if only she could gain an opportunity. What chance would
  she really have? There are four of them and one of her and she is without freedom
  to scarcely move. What could she do? In this moment, she realizes that if there
  is anything that she can do to save herself and her sister, she will have to
  do it. Catherine should not have to endure what she has just been through.  
It was not hard to figure that the payoff for this beautiful pair would be
  not two times the going rate but at least three and maybe four times. Just
  thinking about the twins together totally naked , mirror images of each other
  on the auction block gave all four of them erections and made them eager to
  use Laura again. Laura had hoped that she would be spared anymore attacks for
  the time being but that was not to be. She had tried pleading, begging, crying,
  and nothing seemed to move her captors except their lusting for her. That was
  just resulting in continued abuse.  
They remove all of their clothes so as to be sure they can enjoy all of the
  sensory pleasure possible. This time, they simply position her on her hands
  and knees. It takes 3 hard swats with the leather paddle to get her to open
  her mouth and unpucker her rectum. With the exception of Ali, still being denied
  his pleasure because of his attempt to diminish their ultimate payoff, the
  three use her again in the same way she had been used in the van. She collapses
  on the floor in humiliation and despair and quietly sobs.  
Her captor Mohamed instructs the others to begin staking out Laura's home
  and sends them on their way. He tells them to use the cell phone to report
  their progress. They are reluctant to leave because they each want another
  round with Laura but Mohamed exerts his authority and sends them on their way.
  After all, rank has its privileges and he fully intended to exert that privilege.
  He redresses for the time being.  
After they leave for their second kidnapping of the day, Mohamed begins to
  think that another sound beating with the leather paddle would be effective
  in getting Laura to obey without delay or question. He pulls her to her feet
  and marchs her over to the sawhorse. He uses pieces of the rope to tie her
  handcuffed hands and feet to the sawhorse. She begs to be exempted from further
  punishment but her entreaties only make him want to cause her more pain. Taking
  a few steps back, he tells her that this lesson is worth learning even though
  it is painful. Twenty is the number of swats that he feels will fix the lesson
  in her mind. He takes his time as he wants to be sure that he can put plenty
  of power into each and every swing. Whack, whack, whack. It is so painful that
  Laura can hardly catch her breath for the crying and screams. When he finishes,
  her rear end looks like it is painted red. He can not wait to enter her again.
  Loosening her ropes, he puts her on the floor on her side.  
Mohamed decides that he would have another go at her before he goes to sleep
  as he is getting quite tired from all of the activity of the morning. This
  time, he decides to pull down his jeans to his knees. The belt has the case
  for his cell phone and the sheath which holds his 6 inch knife.  
He arranges himself behind her and spoon fashions himself as she lay on her
  side crying but exposed to him. Thrust after thrust, he continued to punish
  her until at last he ejaculates again. Although finished, he does not withdraw
  his penis. He is more tired than he thought so he decides to simply wrap his
  arms around her and stay where he is.  
As she lays, there she begins to formulate how she might escape and get revenge.
  She also wants to be sure that they were not able to kidnap her Sister. There
  seems to be only one answer and that means she needed to do something violent.
  Of course, she had seen the knife on his belt but up to this point there had
  been no opportunity to get her hands on it and the current level of desperation
  was forcing her to think outside of the box.  
As he naps, his grip on her lessens. She has seen the knife but he did not
  think that she would even consider what she now planned to do as he sleeps
  even more soundly. With as little movement as possible she reaches the snap
  on the knife sheath and pops it open. Carefully unsheathing the blade she forces
  it into his abdomen to the hilt. He realized it too late to exert force on
  her but as he tries to pull away, the knife eviscerates him.  
He does not die immediately but the pain is keeping him from reacting to
  Laura.  
Scrambling to her feet, Laura goes through his jeans for the key to the cuffs
  and gratefully finds it. Opening the cuffs, she quickly decides what she needs
  to do next.  
She uses Mohamed's cell phone to call her Father, Lt. Anderson, a twenty
  year veteran of the Local police. Her brother is also a policeman although
  he is a rookie. When her Father learns what took place, he does not hesitate.
  With the description that Laura provides, Rob and his father locate the van.
  It is on her block and Lt. Anderson and Rob make quick work of subduing the
  three occupants. It only takes the breaking of Ali's left hand with the butt
  of the service revolver to get the address of the warehouse from the three.
  They are gagged and cuffed and put in the back of the van. They look furtively
  at each other while they are riding back to the hideout. They are not sure
  what is going to happen to them but they know that it will not be without cost
  to them. The severity of their punishment to come they can't even imagine  
Anderson and son drive to the warehouse taking with them clothes for Laura.
  They are absolutely stunned to see the condition of their daughter and sister.
  Laura does not spare any details when she describes how brutal they had been
  to her. Her father is so overcome with grief over what has been done to his
  lovely daughter, that he begins to sob. Laura recounts how she had implored
  the kidnappers to show her even a little mercy and described how they just
  laughted at her. Without question, this needs to be avenged and father and
  son are in agreement that Laura is not going to be victimized again in court
  by some sleazy attorney who would use her embarrassment against her to secure
  acquittal or a light slap on the wrist sentence. These miscreants will not
  be afforded the protection of the U.S. court system.  
No, this called for decisive, no-nonsense, action on their part. There is
  no doubt in their minds that the remaining three criminals need to pay and
  never again be allowed to do this to anyone else's daughter, mother, or sister.  
The Andersons were able to get the body of Mohamed wrapped in the gray rag
  and tied up just as the kidnappers as done to Laura. They throw him into the
  back of the van with the three that are still alive. The three are having a
  hard time believing that their leader is dead.  
Not knowing what was going to happen next had all of them wide-eyed. Lt.
  Anderson drives to his home to take Laura to her Mother and sister. His rookie
  son picks up the family car and follows his father as he drives away. He sort
  of knows what his Father has in mind as they drive to the wrecking yard that
  his Uncle Jack owns.  
These illegal aliens have snuck into this country and there is no way that
  they would be traced by anyone to the Andersons. There is no reason that they
  can't be disposed of with impunity. Who is going to file missing persons reports
  on criminals who are not supposed to be here anyway?  
Pulling into the yard, Jack Anderson came up to the window on the driver
  side of the van to find out what his brother and nephew were doing there in
  the early morning. Lt. Anderson, in cold fury, describes what has happened
  to his beloved Laura to her Uncle. Jack is furious and wants to make sure that
  justice is done. Jack goes inside and comes back with a large pair of metal
  shears. Pulling the pants down on each of the kidnappers, he loops a piece
  of flexible wire just past the heads on each of their penises.  
The gags have been removed because the Andersons want hear what possible
  justification there might be for what happened. The kidnappers cry, moan, beg
  for forgiveness, beg for mercy....they now know the desperation their captive
  felt when she was pleading.  
Jack stops for a moment and looks like he is reconsidering his actions. After
  a short time, he tells them, &quot; I am giving you the same amount of mercy
  that you showed Laura, you miserable cowardly bastards!&quot;  
Telling Lt. Anderson to pull on the wire straight out, Jack proceeds to remove
  the offending appendages from each of the criminals. It happens so fast that
  they hardly know what is happening to them. They are bleeding out and if they
  are lucky, they will be dead before the rest of Jack's plan is executed.  
The van is driven to the crusher, pulled into place and the machine is put
  into action. When it is over, what was the van and the four kidnappers is now
  a four by four cube of scrap metal. It will be shipped off to a scrap reclaiming
  facility about 400 miles east.  
While the Anderson brothers could never give back to Laura what had been
  taken from her, they had done what they could do. It would never be necessary
  for Laura to stand up in a court of law to make sure that these vile devils
  are punished. That fact made it bearable to live with what they had done. They
  feel that any guilt that might come over them will be more than offset by knowing
  that Laura would never have to see any of them again.  
Laura would never be told what specifically was done with them and they are
  fairly certain she would never ask!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Teacher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





