BDSM Library - The Stepford Husbands




The Stepford Husbands
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young boy is sent to anew school where he is at the mercy of the female pupils, eventually to become a Stepford Husband.The Stepford Husbands  
by Agatha  
Part One  
Peter was in shock. He had never known or experienced such humiliation in
  all his young life. Peter was thirteen years old, and had up until now, led
  a happy and reasonably unhindered life. The death of his father and the subsequent
  insurance payout had allowed his mother to do something she had always wanted
  for her young son&hellip; to send him to the most private and exclusive school
  she could afford.  
 Had she known exactly what her young son was to experience, she might have
  changed her mind.  
"Stand still boy until I tell you otherwise." The voice of the young female
  prefect echoed across the courtyard. Her voice was clipped and well modulated
  and had a ring of authority to it, although she was yet to turn sixteen years
  of age.  
Peter shivered as he stood to attention, his face colouring to a profuse
  and deep shade of crimson. His young cheeks were burning as the pretty young
  prefect positioned him and three other naked boys into a square formation in
  the middle of the school's large courtyard. Two of the boys, each standing
  side by side at a distance of exactly two arms-lengths apart, were made to
  stand facing the two other boys at a distance of two arms lengths. A vaulting
  horse had been placed on the stone cobbling of the yard, the leather covered
  padding of its surface showing the results of constant use. The legs of the
  vaulting horse had been shortened many years ago, to enable young boys to be
  bent over it with their legs spread apart and their heads and shoulders hanging
  down over the other side, ready for their punishment.  
A metal cabinet had been placed by the side of the vaulting horse. It stood
  on four sturdy rubber wheels and contained two drawers at the top with a cupboard
  underneath. The top of the cabinet was encased in a heavy lid which had two
  handles. The handles not only facilitated the lifting of the lid but also provided
  a convenient grip for steering and accurately manoeuvring the heavy medical
  cabinet; although it had seen as much use as the vaulting horse, the mirror
  like surface of the electroplated nickel silver, or e p n s, shone so brightly
  in the sunlight that Peter was unable to look directly at it.  
Hilary looked at her young charges, their naked bodies thrilling her as she
  walked between them. Their bodies displayed not a single hair, apart from that
  which grew on their heads. Nonchalantly she lifted the long cane she held in
  her hand and turned to a slim blonde haired boy who was standing opposite Peter.
  She lifted the cane further so that the tip of the slim bamboo was touching
  the underside of his flaccid penis, raising his penis up and away from his
  body.  
"Well, Gerald my boy, you know what Miss Trent will do with this once you
  have been caned, don't you? Does it not make you feel ashamed, to be made to
  ejaculate in front of all the girls?" She moved forward and lowering her cane,
  took hold of the young boy's flaccid penis. She squeezed the soft pale flesh
  between her slender fingers, before pushing the foreskin back until it would
  stretch no further.  
"Keep still." Her hand moved steadily backwards and forwards until she felt
  the flesh harden and begin to throb. The boy's slim body shivered and shook
  with embarrassment and humiliation as well as with his sexual arousal as she
  casually stimulated him to a full but involuntary erection. Suddenly, she let
  go of his stiffened flesh, watching the plump column bob up and down as it
  stood out rigidly from his body. She cupped her hand and brought it up between
  his legs, closing her fingers delicately around his testicles as her palm touched
  his scrotum. She heard him gasp at the sensual contact as she fondled the soft
  orbs within the tightened scrotal sac.  
It was not by accident that Hilary had been able to make the boy erect so
  quickly. She, like all the young prefects, had been taught thoroughly how to
  handle the genitalia of young boys. At the age of fifteen she was an expert,
  not only in the physical handling of all of the young schoolboys, but also
  in verbal humiliation.  
She was one of twelve prefects who had all been chosen because of their aptitude
  and&hellip; in the experienced view of Miss Marchbank, the vital ingredient&hellip; their
  stunning beauty.  
Miss Marchbank had long since discovered the extra control a pretty girl
  could exert over young boys. The school had seventy-two female pupils and only
  twelve boys. The boys' ages ranged from twelve to fifteen years old, whereas
  the girls, who also started at twelve years old, were allowed to stay on until
  they were eighteen. The imbalance in male to female pupils was entirely deliberate
  and was part of a long established tradition at the school.  
Hilary was dressed in her school uniform of white shirt and tie and pleated
  navy blue tunic, which was worn very short. The tunic was beautifully tailored
  to a length well above mid-thigh, showing most of her long and lightly tanned
  legs. Her blonde hair was drawn back, amplifying the exquisite definition of
  her young features. Her face was lightly made up, which accented the beautiful
  cobalt blue of her eyes and the perfection of her beautifully shaped lips.
  She was well aware of the effect her looks had on the young boys at the school
  and used her beauty at every opportunity to cause them the maximum of embarrassment.  
"Argggghhh." The boy gasped as she deliberately let her fingernails score
  over the underside of his scrotum, making him shiver and shake. She looked
  into his blushing face, noting the anguish in his eyes as she toyed with his
  body.  
Abruptly she let him go and walked to stand by the caning horse. "Right all
  of you&hellip; Quickly now, hands on your heads and legs spread at shoulder
  width." She watched as the naked boys struggled to obey. Although they all
  obeyed promptly she moved behind the boy standing next to Gerald and casually
  delivered a crisp stroke of the cane to his bared bottom.  
 "sssssSSSSSSS". He hissed, as he struggled to maintain his position. She
  reached around his waist and took hold of his penis, aware that the two boys
  opposite could not take their eyes off her slender fingers as she casually
  handled his timid flesh. They watched her every move, perhaps fearing that
  they themselves would soon be subjected to the same treatment. To her delight
  she noticed that their penises did not seem quite so flaccid as she pulled
  the boy's foreskin back and exposed him fully to the stares of the other boys.
  She moved her fingers from side to side, making his captured penis slap against
  his hips as she forced him to a full and reluctant erection.  
"I really don't understand why you boys can't control yourselves better." She
  chided the unfortunate boy, as she slapped his erect member with the tips of
  her fingers. "Now all of you stand straight and arch your backs, you already
  know that Miss Trent will have no hesitation in adding to your punishment."  
Hilary could feel the boy shiver as she let go of his penis and placed her
  hand gently on his hip before slowly moving her hand over his goose-pimpled
  flesh and around to his buttocks. She let her fingertips slide between the
  deep crevice of his bottom cheeks, feeling him flinch and gasp in anguish as
  she explored the soft contours of his flesh. She was interested in the new
  boy, but had decided to observe his reactions as she demonstrated her power
  over the other boys. She could see that he was already shivering with anguish
  and embarrassment, but was delighted to see that his penis which was much larger
  than that of the others was already beginning to stiffen.  
She felt sure that this involuntary erection was perhaps causing him the
  most distress. With a light slap on the boy's buttocks she moved away from
  him and moved to stand in front of Peter. He blushed immediately as he was
  confronted by close proximity of the startlingly pretty young prefect. He looked
  down at the floor, the humiliation almost too much for his timid nature as
  Hilary stood in front of him and raised his chin with her slender fingers so
  that he could not avoid looking into her eyes.  
"Well, what have we here? A new boy&hellip; Peter isn't it? Well Peter welcome
  to Rochville! So tell me young man&hellip; what have you managed to have done
  in such a short time to deserve punishment mmmm?  
The young boy started to stammer and shake as she held his head up so that
  she could look into his eyes. "Well, I am waiting for an answer."  
"I d'don't know miss. The nurse told me to go out and join the others&hellip; I
  mean these boys here!"  
"Well I can tell you, young man, that unless you learn to obey the rules,
  you will be attending quite a few of these little punishment sessions."  
Although she was dying to handle the pale plump flesh of his penis and testicles,
  she resisted the temptation; instead she moved to stand in front of the fourth
  boy. She looked down at his penis in a leisurely fashion, watching his eyes
  follow hers, before she nonchalantly took his penis delicately between her
  finger and thumb. She was not surprised to feel the turgid flesh pulse with
  the sudden intimate contact. She did not move her fingers; instead she held
  the flesh lightly as she looked into his eyes. Her pretty face was only inches
  from his as she spoke to him.  
"It seems Ian, that you have lost control of yourself already. Why is your
  penis stiff, come along, I want an explanation?"  
The boy blushed profusely, his cheeks turning bright red as he stammered
  a reply. "I am sorry miss, I d'don't know why."  
Hilary smiled at his discomfort, feeling his penis stiffen between her fingers
  as she moved forward slightly so that the material of her short pleated tunic
  could rub across the very tip of his erect member.  
She felt him shudder as she swayed her hips gently. She closed her fingers
  over his flesh and grasped his penis firmly so that he could not escape the
  acute sensation. Once more she let the material brush against the sensitive
  opening of his erect penis, this time he shuddered uncontrollably, trying to
  force his hips back to escape her torment. To his dismay she held him firmly
  and looked into his eyes. "Stand still young man, I won't have disobedience."  
Once again she swayed her hips, making him shiver and gasp in anguish at
  the acute, almost torturous, stimulation to the very tip of his penis. At last
  she let go of him and stood back, smiling with satisfaction as she observed
  his erect penis was now bobbing up and down as it pulsed with sexual arousal.  
She returned to her original position by the vaulting horse and apprised
  the pale bodies of the four naked young boys. Three of the boys she had handled
  were displaying erect and throbbing penises, which stood outwards and upwards
  from their bodies. She noted that the new boy's penis was already larger than
  the others and, although not fully erect, was engorged and hanging down heavily
  between his legs. She also noted that his eyes were glistening with the trauma
  of his embarrassment.  
Hilary was aware that his earlier experiences of the hurried induction that
  morning would have been a severe cultural shock to him. She examined his body
  leisurely, noting his beautiful slender physique and his extreme good looks.
  She knew that he would, over the next two years, probably be the centre of
  attention for her and her fellow prefects as well as for most of the all female
  teaching staff employed at Rochville. His physique and handsome face was unusually
  perfect, even for the high physical standards that Miss Marchbank insisted
  upon before admitting any boy to the school.  
Peter felt a tear run down his cheek. His embarrassment was such that he
  could hardly see. His ears were ringing with shame as he contemplated his fate.  
It had been very early that morning that his mother had delivered him to
  the school. They had both been greeted by the headmistress, the surprisingly
  young and quite beautiful Miss Marchbank. Peter had already attended the school
  three weeks ago for one day, so that he could sit an entrance exam and undergo
  a school medical.  
The medical exam had embarrassed him so much that he had been very guarded
  in his answers when his mother had asked him how well he thought the exam had
  gone. The beautiful young female doctor that had conducted his intimate and
  thorough examination had unnerved him to such an extent that he had spent the
  rest of the day with a blushing red face.  
His mother had been somewhat relieved when at last a letter came to inform
  her that Peter had been accepted into the Rochville Preparatory Boarding School
  and Academy. It was a further relief to her when she read that Peter would
  be allowed to start straight away, even though the new term had already started.
  She had made Peter dress smartly in his existing school uniform and had driven
  him, and his suitcase packed with the school's list of requirements, to Rochville.
  She felt a huge sense of relief that her plans for her son Peter had gone so
  smoothly.  
It had been a rather wishful impulse that had made her apply to Rochville.
  Mary Hart had never had the money to raise herself to the standards of which
  she aspired. Although she had enjoyed a comfortable life style; her late husband
  earning a substantial salary in middle management, she had always wistfully
  observed the lives of the quietly wealthy Boston society. She would constantly
  read, in the rather reserved magazines that catered to the wealthy Bostonians,
  of the balls and galas that that society enjoyed.  
It had been in one of these magazines that she had read of the marriage of
  the daughter of a well-known and extremely wealthy family. What had taken her
  eye amongst the glittering description of the wedding was the fact that both
  the bride and groom had attended the Rochville Academy.  
On impulse she had applied to Rochville, not even knowing the fees that the
  Academy required for their tutelage. Fortunately for her, she had enclosed
  a photograph of Peter along with her letter. It was a complete surprise to
  her that she had been invited to bring the boy for an initial interview and
  an even greater surprise when she had learned that the fees were entirely within
  her means.  
Mrs. Hart had been so delighted when her son's acceptance letter came, that
  she had had no thoughts that perhaps the fees were rather low for such an auspicious
  foundation.  
The speed at which Miss Marchbank had investigated every aspect of the lives
  of Mary Hart and her son Peter would have surprised even the most astute detective
  agency. Within three days she knew every detail of the family income, their
  medical history including that of the late husband and father and she had even
  obtained a complete psychological profile of Peter Hart. Miss Marchbank had
  been delighted with the results of her research and had decided that Peter
  would indeed be a most suitable boy for her purposes. The boy's school medical
  had confirmed her opinion that the boy was quite unusually good looking and
  that his character was one that would be suitable for shaping to her needs.  
She had tailored her fees exactly to that of Mrs. Hart's income so that there
  would be no hardship incurred in paying them. She had also decided that if
  Mrs. Hart decided to marry, she would offer an Academy scholarship so that
  the new husband would see the benefit in keeping the boy at Rochville.  
Mrs Todd, although concerned that her son Peter would be happy at his new
  school, was already anxious to start her new life as a single mother. She fully
  intended to marry again and although she loved her son dearly, she realised
  that she would have complete freedom to socialise while he was away at boarding
  school.  
On arrival they had been given tea in the beautiful sitting room of the Headmistress.
  Miss Marchbank had talked with Peter's mother for over an hour about the benefits
  of the school and the certainty that Peter would easily achieve the required
  grades. Peter had sat on one of the beautifully upholstered armchairs, aware
  that soon he would be left alone in a completely new environment. After a while
  Miss Marchbank stood up and brought the meeting to a close. It was with further
  assurances by Miss Marchbank, that 'Peter will love here it here at Rochville',
  that Peter's mother had announced that she would be more than delighted to
  leave the boy in the excellent care of the school. She had kissed him goodbye,
  noting the tear in his eye as she turned to leave.  
It had only been a few moments after his mother had departed, that the extremely
  young and capable school matron had arrived and taken him to the medical centre
  where his abrupt and complete humiliation and embarrassment had commenced.
  The Matron was slim and attractive and had made him blush as she took hold
  of his hand and led him through the maze of corridors to the examination rooms.  
The Medical centre was large and well equipped and Peter had stood in awe
  of the array of equipment as well as the two pretty school nurses who had been
  preparing the examination table. He had stood quietly looking down at his feet
  when suddenly the Matron had turned to him and casually told him to strip until
  he was naked. He had flushed a deep shade of red as he fumbled with his clothing,
  divesting himself of his blazer, shirt and socks and shoes. He had hesitated
  as he got down to his underpants, only to have one of the nurses kneel in front
  of him and casually hook her slender fingers delicately into the waistband
  of his shorts and pull them down to his ankles.  
It had been one humiliation after another as they laid him face upwards upon
  the table and without preamble raised his legs so that his knees were almost
  pressed against his chest. Deftly and swiftly the nurses had prised his bottom
  cheeks apart. Matron had casually slipped a lubricated finger up through his
  sphincter and into his anus, nonchalantly she let first one finger, and then,
  with a quick thrust another roam about inside him. He had gasped and cried
  out in alarm as the enema nozzle had been gently but firmly inserted inside
  his bottom, only to gasp with embarrassment as one of the pretty nurses had
  casually taken hold of his penis and then cupped her other hand around his
  testicles, before lifting his captured genitalia upwards from between his legs.  
His face had been one long flush of shame as they had made him expel into
  a bowl, before diligently repeating the procedure three times. He had shivered
  in embarrassment as they lifted his legs and begun to shave his genitals. Their
  hands were everywhere as they parted his buttocks and moved his penis and testicles
  this way and that until he was completely denuded of hair, not only between
  his legs and buttocks and around his pubis, but also underneath his arms.  
The deft and well practised humiliation had continued&hellip; he had shivered
  uncontrollably as they had made him stand in a large metal bath while they
  washed him. The matron as well as the two nurses had bathed him intimately
  and thoroughly; Matron's delicate fingers had penetrated his anus and retracted
  his foreskin, allowing one of the nurses to slide her fingers over the exposed
  rim of his penis. He had felt utterly ashamed and belittled as they left him
  with his penis fully erect while they fetched towels to dry him. The final
  humiliation had come as he was made to stand with his legs stretched wide apart
  and his hands on his head as Matron casually examined him from head to toe.  
Peter had stood as instructed, his mind in a haze of utter embarrassment.
  The nurse and the Matron had ignored him as they tidied the examination room.
  He had been left to stand there for perhaps ten minutes when to his horror,
  the door had opened and a young girl had entered. She had shown no surprise
  at his naked body or his erect penis so lewdly on display, as he stood with
  his back arched and his feet astride with his hands clasped firmly to his head.  
Instead she had carefully looked him up and down before handing matron the
  note she was carrying. She could have been no more than twelve or thirteen
  years of age - and yet none of the nursing staff showed any surprise as she
  stood in front of the naked and trembling youth, blatantly examining his erect
  penis and plump testicles. Her deep blue eyes almost mesmerised Peter as he
  stood rooted to the spot in horror at the indignity of the situation. The girl
  seemed unconcerned at his embarrassment; instead she tossed her beautifully
  groomed ash blonde hair to the side and continued with her leisurely inspection
  of his naked form.  
The matron had not hurried the young girl as she read the note. Instead she
  addressed her in a kindly fashion. "Well done Geraldine, take him through to
  the duty prefect and he can go and see Miss Trent with the others."  
Peter had been instructed to follow the young girl; he had stumbled rather
  than walked behind her as she led him towards the door. He had instinctively
  clasped his hands to his groin, holding his penis against his tummy to hide
  his shameful erection. Once in the corridor she had turned and looked at him,
  her face mischievous and impudent although her voice and words had a certain
  naivety to them.  
"I hope you can learn to control your penis better than some of the other
  boys. You really have a big one, and it will make it very noticeable if it
  gets hard like it is now. I should warn you that boys get caned on their bottoms
  if they are caught touching their penises."  
Peter had blushed, his face colouring immediately to a deep dark purple as
  the young girl looked at him, without a hint of embarrassment. He had never
  in his young life known such abject and deep humiliation as she causally looked
  at his freshly shaven groin.  
"I am telling you this as a friend&hellip; don't cover your penis, walk with
  your hands at your sides if you want to avoid the cane. I will walk slowly
  and perhaps it will go down a bit before we get to the courtyard."  
She had talked about his penis in such a forthright way, and yet had such
  an innocent expression on her face, that he was utterly shocked. He had blushed
  and trembled as the young girl turned away and walked in front of him, he let
  his hands fall to his sides, hoping that she would not turn around again and
  look at him.  
Although his erection had begun to subside it was still plump and turgid
  as they exited the corridor and turned into a wide doorway where three other
  boys were standing; their naked bodies were shivering as they cowered against
  the tiled walls of the small annexe. They were looking apprehensively at the
  young prefect standing in front of them. She held a long rattan cane in her
  hand and looked demure and perfectly at ease as she casually examined the nakedness
  of the young boys she had in her charge. Her neatly arranged uniform and well
  groomed appearance contrasted starkly with the trembling trio of bare young
  bodies.  
She turned to Peter and looked at him. Her eyes, travelled the length of
  his body, noting every detail of his nakedness before she gestured for him
  to stand alongside the other boys. It was all who he could do, not to clasp
  his hands against his groin to hide his shame.  
"Thank you Geraldene, he wasn't any trouble was he?" The young girl had shaken
  her head as Peter moved to stand by the side of the other boys. His face was
  burning so much that he felt near to fainting. The young prefect took time
  to examine the new boy from head to toe. Peter stood trembling, his body suffused
  in goose bumps as she leisurely appraised him, her beautiful eyes examining
  every detail of his genitals before she beckoned the four boys to follow her
  outside and into the courtyard.  
2  
Now, as Peter waited with the other boys, his face burned with humiliation
  as he stood naked with his the palms of his hands pressed to the top of his
  head. He did not dare to look at the other boys or the pretty prefect, who
  was half sitting upon the vaulting horse; instead he stared at the sky, engulfed
  in total confusion and utter shame. From somewhere inside the impressive stone
  buildings that surrounded the courtyard, Peter heard a bell sound and soon
  afterwards he heard the sound of schoolchildren entering the courtyard. He
  closed his eyes in shame as their excited chatter became louder. Eventually
  he opened his eyes to see that the courtyard had filled with young girls, most
  of them heading towards himself and the other boys. It did not take many minutes
  before the four naked boys were completely surrounded by giggling school girls.  
Peter felt his face begin to burn as his cheeks flushed to a deep and vivid
  red. He could see that the boys were as equally embarrassed as young girls
  formed a square formation around them. The younger and smaller girls stood
  nearest to the boys, while the taller and older girls stood behind them. By
  the time they had all settled into their places they were several rows deep.
  Peter could not help looking at them, noticing immediately that they all seemed
  to be extremely attractive and far better groomed than any group of schoolgirls
  he had ever seen.  
Had he been able to form coherent thought, he might have pondered as to why
  every girl in the school seemed to be unusually pretty. There were none that
  were overweight, or had spots, or who seemed to have any imperfections at all.
  They all wore the same immaculately tailored uniforms, their skirts worn extremely
  short to show most of their bare legs, their tailored shirts, crisp and white.
  All of the girls wore delicate rope sandals upon their feet, the ties criss-
  crossing their calves before being tied just below the knee.  
Had he known the true purpose of the admission of young boys to Rochville
  and the raison d'etre of the school, he might have understood how this strange
  phenomenon had come about and perhaps ultimately his intended fate.  
The youngest girls were obviously amused and intrigued at the sight of the
  four naked boys, although certainly not surprised. Peter watched in horror
  as the girls hid their mouths with their hands as they made remarks about the
  physical attributes of the boys to each other.  
There seemed to be no embarrassment amongst them as they pointed and commented
  on the appearance and the erect state of the trembling and utterly humiliated
  boys. Peter flinched as he saw one of the girls reach out and stroke her hands
  lightly over the cheeks of one of the boy's naked bottom. The boy immediately
  groaned in dismay as several of girls standing nearest to him followed suit,
  their hands, impudently feeling between his buttocks.  
Peter was soon groaning too, not daring to turn around as he suddenly felt
  a hand touch his own bottom. Almost immediately, there was another and another
  and he felt the cheeks of his bottom being spread apart and a small hand dip
  in-between the parted flesh. He gasped and groaned as others joined in, their
  hands stoking over his buttocks and his hips and thighs. He looked across at
  the young prefect in despair, only to see her smile at the girls standing behind
  him as they continued their intimate exploration of his body.  
"Oooh" he gasped reluctantly as he felt the slender hand of a small girl
  slip impudently in-between his legs and her gentle fingers delicately and deliberately
  cup his testicles. He could not help shivering as his scrotum was lifted and
  the soft orbs of flesh inside, sensuously fondled by her delicate fingertips.
  The voice of the unseen girl whispered to him.  
"I bet this makes you stiffen up a bit"  
The sensual probing and stroking of his body had the inevitable result. He
  groaned in horror as he felt his penis begin to erect, the timid pale flesh
  not just stiffening, but to his utter dismay, pulsing and throbbing as it rose
  in a series of undulations, to an angle of ninety degrees from his body. He
  shivered and his face burned from the rush of blood to his head as his embarrassment
  manifested itself once more.  
Suddenly he was aware of a murmur amongst the crowd of girls; he felt their
  hands being abruptly snatched away from his trembling body. To his right, Peter
  saw the reason for abrupt withdrawal of the girl's hands from his body; a tall
  and extremely pretty young woman approached the prefect. Hilary, who was still
  perched upon the surface of the vaulting horse, rose to greet the young teacher.  
Miss Trent held a long rattan cane in her hand. The dark mottled surface
  of the bamboo contrasted sharply with her long slender fingers and neatly painted
  coral fingernails.  
She did not waste time or words; instead she crooked her finger at Gerald,
  beckoning him towards the vaulting horse. As the trembling youth approached
  his impending chastisement, a shudder ran through his body. Miss Trent smiled
  knowingly, her bright red lips parting to reveal even white teeth. Her severely
  cut jet black hair shone in the sunlight as she moved to stand beside the vaulting
  horse. Her white silk blouse did little to conceal the fullness of her breasts,
  or her short skirt, the shapeliness of her long bare legs.  
Two girls emerged from the excited crowd and made their way to stand behind
  the vaulting horse. They appeared to be about fourteen years of age. In spite
  of their youth they seemed confident and practised as they took hold of the
  naked boy and dragged him face down over the vaulting horse. They held his
  arms outwards and stretched them onto the surface of the horse, effectively
  pinioning him to the faded leather. Peter watched in horror as the young prefect
  moved behind the prostrated miscreant, leaning forward, she slapped the insides
  of his thighs until his legs were spread apart and his hips were pressed down
  against the surface. With a studied casualness she reached between his legs
  and lifted his testicles, while she pulled his penis out from beneath him,
  so that it was pointing downwards between his widely parted thighs.  
Miss Trent could not hide her smile as Hilary handled the boy's most intimate
  parts so casually. She watched the young prefect as she straightened up and
  moved around to the other side of the vaulting horse before taking the boys
  head gently in her hands.  
It was with an almost tender and intimate movement as she stroked her delicate
  fingers over the boy's burning cheeks and through his hair. "Well Gerald, you
  will try and keep nice and still for Miss Trent, while she canes that naughty
  little bare bottom of yours. Promise me you will be good, otherwise I will
  have one of the girls sit under the horse and hold your testicles tightly,
  just like I had to do to Jeremy last week!"  
Hilary felt the wetness of Gerald's tears on her hands as the boy began to
  sob. She looked up at Miss Trent who had raised the cane. The young teacher
  looked beautiful as she stretched her arm high above her head, her young breasts
  pressing tightly against the material of her white silk blouse.  
"Four strokes for you my boy. Six if I have any nonsense." With those words
  the cane descended, cutting into the boy's bottom cheeks with a loud "Whack."  
Hilary held his head firmly as he tried to rear up, watching with delight
  as the boy tried to wriggle his bared buttocks away from the path of the cane.
  His writhing did him no good as the cane descended again, the second stroke
  allowing him no time to recover from the first.  
This was the preferred method of caning at Rochville, the strokes of the
  cane coming down hard and fast, one after the other, in a hurried series of
  loud "whacks". The rattan would bite into the tender cheeks of the miscreant's
  bottom at such a pace that sometimes the boy would hardly have had time to
  draw breath.  
"Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack." Hilary watched avidly as the strokes were delivered;
  she was almost delirious with sexual excitement as the cane bit into the boy's
  flesh for the fourth and last time. She held his cheeks as he reared up his
  head in anguish. His screams rang in her ears as she stroked his cheeks; her
  voice was soft and low as she whispered to him. "Poor Gerald, never mind, it
  is all over now." She watched as the two young monitors, their faces flushed
  with excitement, held him captive for a count of thirty before they let go
  of his arms.  
Hilary had witnessed this scene many times before as the boy fell to the
  floor, lying on his back, he writhed in agony, his buttocks rubbing against
  the smooth cobbles of the courtyard as he tried to assuage the pain.  
The girls all watched as his penis, still plump and swollen, flapped about
  wildly. His pain was such that for a short time he seemed unaware of the immodesty
  of his violent gyrations.  
Miss Trent looked down at him, her expression certainly betraying nothing
  of the acute excitement she felt each time she caned a naked boy. She waited
  until his writhing ceased, watching as he grasped his hands over his genitals
  and struggled to his feet. His embarrassment and humiliation suddenly became
  the greater contender for his acute discomfort, taking precedence over the
  searing pain in his bottom.  
Miss Trent spoke to him, her voice articulate and crisp as she admonished
  the distraught young boy. "I think Gerald you would be well advised to take
  your hands away from your genitalia. You know I will not tolerate you young
  boys playing with yourselves."  
Gerald's face managed to turn an even deeper shade of red as he faced Miss
  Trent. Slowly and with a shiver of shame, he uncovered himself. He could not
  help but glance at the row of young girls to see if they were watching him.
  The gesture, although involuntary, was futile and confirmed his worse fears.
  All of the girls were watching his every move. To his utter dismay, two of
  the youngest girls, who were from his own class, exchanged conspiratorial glances
  and then sniggered as his face took on an even deeper shade of red.  
The canings continued quickly, with the second boy receiving four strokes
  of the cane before performing similar gyrations upon the cool cobbled surface
  of the courtyard. Such was the anguish of the third boy, who having witnessed
  the chastisement of the other two, was so distressed that he had to be fetched
  by the two young monitors to face the vaulting horse.  
His bare body shivered and trembled as he was summarily bent over the leather
  horse and held in position. Two more girls emerged from the crowd at the beckoning
  of Miss Trent. They each knelt down at either side of the vaulting horse and
  without needing instruction took each of the ankles of the young boy, stretching
  his legs apart until his hips were flat against the horse. They held them firmly
  as they looked up at Miss Trent.  
"Six of the best for you Henry." Miss Trent leaned forward as she spoke and
  deftly slipped her hand downwards between his buttocks, parting the quivering
  flesh as she reached underneath him and grasped his penis, pulling it from
  under his tummy until it hung down between his legs. She stepped back and raised
  the cane, pausing for a moment as Hilary moved forward from her position behind
  the horse, her thighs touching the top of the boy's head, as she placed both
  hands flat against the shivering bare flesh of his shoulders.  
The young boy was now completely pinioned to the horse as the first of six
  strokes was vigorously applied to his quivering bottom.  
"Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack." Such was the rapidity of the
  caning that it lasted no longer than the duration of the boy's first indrawn
  breath. As the last stroke fell his body seemed to flex into a rigid posture.
  Peter watched in horror as the boy turned his head to the side and screamed;
  the long tormented cry sending shivers through Peter's body. He had never witnessed
  anything like this in his young life and he began to shiver uncontrollably
  as the cries of anguish rang in his ears. Even though the girls were holding
  the young boy firmly, Peter could see that his body was convulsing in pain.
  After a count of thirty, the girls released him and the boy slid to the ground,
  writhing in complete abandon upon the floor. His penis flapped wildly against
  the flesh of his hips and tummy as he rubbed his buttocks vigorously against
  the smooth cobble.  
The young schoolgirls looked down at the boy's involuntary gyrations. The
  expressions on their innocent faces showed little concern for his anguish,
  instead their eyes followed the abandoned movement of his naked body, their
  wide eyes scanning his naked body, watching his penis and testicles which were
  wriggling freely and flapping against his legs as he tried to rid himself of
  the intense pain in his buttocks.  
Peter noticed that the young prefect had been joined by two other girls of
  a similar age. They, like Hilary, were pretty to the extreme. One of the girls
  had beautiful ash blonde hair; her beautifully shaped face was lightly made
  up with a pale pink lipstick delineating the exquisite shape of her lips. The
  second girl had a beautiful olive skin. Her luxurious jet black hair was tied
  back neatly and shone with an almost blue tint under the rays of sunshine that
  played upon the courtyard. The thin wire framed glasses she wore, could not
  disguise the beauty of her almond shaped eyes. Her lips, which were painted
  bright red, were stretched wide in a smile as she looked at Hilary for a brief
  moment. She raised her eyebrows before turning her head back towards the violent
  movements of the naked boy as he lay upon the shiny cobblestones of the courtyard.
  All three girls were tall and their deliberately short pleated skirts showed
  their shapely thighs off to perfection.  
Peter watched the three prefects as they took rubber gloves from the under
  the lid of the cabinet. Their slender fingers were pointed upwards and extended
  rigidly as they smoothed the thin rubber over their hands, each snapping the
  rubber against their wrists as they completed the task. Hilary produced a large
  tube of lubricant which each girl used in turn to lubricate the fingers of
  their rubber gloves.  
It was several moments before Miss Trent spoke to Henry who was still rubbing
  his bottom against the floor. "Come along Henry, I think you have made enough
  of a spectacle of yourself." Peter watched, as finally the boy got up and stood
  trembling in front of the pretty young teacher. His face was bright red and
  he was gasping for breath. Peter noticed that the boy did not attempt to cover
  his genitals, but rather stood shamefaced with his hands by his sides.  
While the pretty young girls in the crowd chatted excitedly, Peter watched
  as all three boys were bent over the vaulting horse. Their bodies were placed
  side by side with their arms stretched forward and their hips touching each
  other. After positioning them appropriately, the three prefects moved behind
  each of the boys and almost casually parted their buttocks. There were gasps
  of humiliation and discomfort as the girls looked at each other before bending
  forward as each of them deftly penetrated the anus of the boy in front of them,
  with the extended forefinger of their left hands.  
On an instruction from Miss Trent the boys were made to stand, each of them
  gasping with acute sensation as the muscles of their sphincters tightened against
  the slender forefingers which had impaled their bottoms.  
They waddled slowly, the young prefects holding the boys around their waists,
  their palms flat against the boys' tummies as they kept their fingers buried
  deep inside each of the trembling boy's bottoms. The girls had to stoop slightly
  to make absolutely sure that their fingers were penetrating fully; their hands
  were completely engulfed by the soft flesh of the boys' bottom cheeks. In silence,
  but with a rather satisfied expression on their faces, they prefects moved
  them forward until all three boys were standing at an arms length apart. All
  of the boys were now standing in isolation and to their utter embarrassment
  and humiliation&hellip; facing the crowd of schoolgirls who were waiting eagerly
  to see their embarrassing fate.  
"Hands upon your heads, eyes open and face the girls. You have each been
  caned for playing with your penises, so now everyone will have the opportunity
  to see how silly little boys look while their penises are being played with."  
At these words, Peter tried to turn his head to look at the three boys, but
  found it difficult to turn far enough now that the boys had been moved to the
  side. He had began to feel slightly more composed when he realised that perhaps,
  after all, he was not to be caned. He turned back quickly as he saw that Miss
  Trent had noticed his movements.  
"Peter come here and stand with the girls, I want you to see this. You have
  already witnessed what happens to naughty boys when I have to cane them. Now
  you can stand and watch with the girls, how silly little boys are humiliated
  in front of all the girls."  
Peter turned towards Miss Trent and the crowd of girls who had gathered even
  closer to the three boys. He felt his cheeks begin to burn as the blood rushed
  to his face. He almost stumbled as he moved towards Miss Trent. He shivered
  as she gently placed both her hands on each side of his waist. Her fingers
  were cool and soothing against his fevered body. She manoeuvred him until he
  was standing between the younger girls, facing the three other boys; he blushed
  as he realised the proximity of his naked body to the younger girls and shivered
  in horror at the interested looks of the older pupils as he was made to stand
  in front of them. He knew that they would be able to see his bottom without
  any hindrance.  
"You can take your hands from your head, but on no account are you to touch
  your genitals&hellip; do you understand me?"  
Peter barely managed to mumble a reply as Miss Trent turned her attention
  back to the boys standing in front of her. He took his hands from his head,
  and reluctantly let them fall to his sides. Peter looked in front of him to
  see that the prefects were standing with their bodies pressed against the rear
  of each young boy. Peter noticed that all the boys' penises had begun to erect
  and that each of their members was now fat and plump. To the utter embarrassment
  of the young boys, the prefects began to gently stimulate the prostate gland
  of each boy. The effect was startling as the boys stood on tiptoe, trying to
  escape the acute sensation of the girls' fingers. Peter had no idea what the
  prefects were doing to the boys although he could see the vigorous movements
  of their arms. He watched as almost simultaneously, the boys flung back their
  heads and opened their mouths in gasps of anguish.  
Miss Trent moved in front of the first boy and reached out, quickly grasping
  the young boy's penis and testicles. She deftly slid his foreskin back to reveal
  the head of his penis. The boy cried out as she pumped her hand up and down
  several times, quickly bringing him to a full and throbbing erection.  
She repeated the ritual with the other two boys until all three of them stood
  shamefaced and anguished, with their penises standing outwards and upwards,
  the rigid flesh pulsing visibly.  
Miss Trent moved to the side so that all the young girls would have and unobstructed
  view of the naked boys. The girls were already chattering excitedly as the
  prefects slid their hands down from the tummy area of each boy and encircled
  their delicate rubber covered fingers over the shaft of each of the boys' penises.  
The crowd of girls moved forward at the sight of the prefects touching the
  boys' penises and Peter felt one of the girls at his side, take his hand in
  hers&hellip; a moment later another girl took hold of his other hand. He turned
  towards each of the girls in turn, but both of them were already facing forward,
  watching the spectacle in front of them. To his horror he felt the hands of
  the girls behind him touch his bottom. To his dismay her hands became bolder,
  stroking over his bottom cheeks and around his hips. He was aware that most
  of his body was now hidden from the young teacher and that she could not see
  what was happening to him.  
He shuddered as the girl in front of him placed her hands behind her back
  and deliberately stepped backwards. She leaned her body against his as her
  hands quickly located his penis and testicles. Without turning her head she
  cupped his testicles and took a firm hold of the shaft of his penis. Peter
  gasped in embarrassment and tried to pull his hands away from the girls at
  his sides. To his dismay both of the girls held his hands firmly and would
  not let him go. Instead, the girl to his right pulled on his arm and whispered
  in his ear. "You had better not say anything or Sammy will tell Miss Trent
  you were playing with your willy to make it hard. Now don't be a silly boy&hellip; let
  her do what she wants to you and just face forward and watch the show."  
Peter did not know what to do as he stood amidst the young girls. He winced
  as the girl in front of him slid the foreskin of his penis backwards. Behind
  him another girl suddenly parted the cheeks of his bottom and slipped her slender
  hand between the soft mounds of flesh. He shivered as even more of the girls
  seemed to join in and start exploring his body.  
In front of him the three boys were faring no better. Each of the young boys
  was gasping for breath as the prefects stretched their foreskins back tightly
  against the shaft of their penises. Gerald, who was the tallest of the three
  boys, looked aghast as the pretty dark haired prefect who was holding him,
  suddenly thrust her finger deeper into his bottom. Her voice was almost mocking
  as she admonished him. "Keep still you naughty child, you are here to be punished.
  Naughty boys who play with their own penises have to be taught a lesson. Now
  face the girls and take your punishment without fuss."  
Simultaneously, all of the prefects began to milk the young boys. The boys'
  faces suddenly contorted into a grimace, each boy standing on tiptoe with his
  hips thrust forward, as the slender fingers of the prefects penetrated deeply
  within their bottoms. The girls' hands seemed to have a sensual motion to them
  as they expertly stimulated the straining rigid flesh of their victims. The
  lubricated gloves that covered their hands glistened under the strong sunlight.
  The crowd of junior girls murmured in excitement as they watched each of the
  prefects occasionally thrust their hands deeper between the quivering buttocks
  of the young boys.  
Peter could not stop his body from shuddering in embarrassment. He felt his
  penis begin to erect, the flesh pulsing within the firm grip of the young girl
  in front of him. The combination of the sight of the young boys being milked
  so thoroughly and expertly, and the touch of the slender hands and fingers
  of the junior girls upon his bottom and genitals, caused his penis to extend
  to a full and violent erection. He felt the blood rush to his head as he was
  visually and physically aroused to a fever pitch.  
Miss Trent looked on at the scene before her. The expertise of the young
  prefects never ceased to amaze her. Their well groomed hair and lightly made
  up faces was complimented by the smartness of their crisply pressed white shirts
  and school ties. Their entire appearance and demeanour contrasted starkly against
  the pale naked bodies and the blushing faces of the three young boys.  
Miss Trent smiled to herself as she noted the first telltale signs of the
  boys' impending ejaculation. Their embarrassment was almost palpable as they
  each stood on their very tiptoes, their heads were thrown back and each of
  them opened mouthed and gasping for air, as coolly and expertly they were stimulated
  to an impending orgasm.  
It was Gerald who erupted first, his whole body tensing into a paroxysm of
  overwhelming sensation. His mouth sagged wide open and his breathing became
  suspended as he ejaculated forcefully. His semen spurted from his penis in
  a seemingly endless stream as suddenly the second and third boy also began
  to ejaculate. Their bright red faces looked as if they were in a fit of agony
  as the young prefects pressed their fingers deep into their bottoms and expertly
  milked them of every last drop of semen.  
Peter could not believe his eyes; he had never experienced such an event.
  He shuddered with emotion as he forced himself to look on as the boys involuntarily
  ejaculated in front of the crowd of young schoolgirls. His only respite was
  that the girls had suddenly let go of him as the boys had began to orgasm.  
The schoolgirls watched with delight as each boy was milked thoroughly until
  he was dry of semen. They pointed and sniggered as, one by one, the boys were
  made to bend over and touch their toes as the prefects withdrew their fingers
  from their bottoms.  
The prefects stood back from the boys as they were told to stand up straight.
  One of them patted the boy she had been milking upon his bottom cheeks. Miss
  Trent moved forward and stood in front of each boy in turn; placing her hands
  against his cheeks and turning his head forward so that he was looking straight
  at the crowd of schoolgirls. When each boy had been positioned she turned and
  addressed the watching girls.  
"These boys have been punished for playing with their penises." She turned
  her head and looked at the three naked youngsters before turning back to the
  girls, who were all listening attentively. All of the boys had tears in their
  eyes as they shamefacedly faced the girls. Miss Trent continued, smiling as
  she looked at the eager faces of the young schoolgirls.  
"They are dirty little boys and have been caned and milked in front of all
  of you. I am convinced that there is far too much of this behaviour going on.
  You are all well aware that it is against school rules for boys to touch their
  penises and so I want you to be more vigilant in reporting any breaches of
  the school rules. The boys' assessments are designed to take care of their
  erections and obviously these boys have failed to report that their assessment
  needed to be increased. I am therefore increasing the assessment of each boy
  by two." She turned to the young boys, who looked even more embarrassed as
  she addressed them. "You will all report back to your class with your assessment
  cards and ask your form teacher to add a further two."  
She watched as the boys walked in a line towards the stone buildings and
  then turned back to the crowd of girls. Her eyes focussed on Peter, who was
  trembling with shock at what he had just seen. The girls had not molested him
  any further, although the two girls at his sides were still holding his hands.  
"Thank you young ladies for your attention during this punishment session.
  Now Peter, I have had you witness this punishment session so that you will
  be aware of what is in store for you, should you break the school rules. You
  may now return to the medical centre." She looked at the girl who was standing
  in front of Peter and spoke kindly to her. "Samantha, would you be kind enough
  to take our new boy back to the sanatorium for me?"  
Peter blushed, his face turning bright crimson as the girls moved away from
  him and he was left standing in the open, with his penis fully erect in front
  of Miss Trent and the young girl who had so impudently held his genitals during
  the punishment session.  
Miss Trent looked down at his shaven groin and then raised her head to look
  him in the eyes. Rather than admonish him for his erection, she spoke to him
  kindly. "I am aware that this has been a traumatic introduction to Rochville
  for you Peter. You are going to be assessed by the doctor and her assessment
  should stop you having embarrassing erections such as this." Peter could not
  help looking as she reached out and casually wrapped her slender fingers around
  the shaft of his penis. He fought the desire to pull away from her and run
  and hide is embarrassment as she squeezed the rigid flesh.  
"You have not been acquainted with the school rules as yet, but when you
  are, you will find out that it is not permissible for any boy to have an erection.
  If you find that you are becoming erect at anytime you must report it to a
  prefect." Peter had never felt as embarrassed; he blushed again as the pretty
  young teacher held his penis while she talked to him. He could smell her alluring
  perfume and her beautiful face was so close to his that he was completely mesmerised
  by her. He felt his face burning with embarrassment as her fingers gently toyed
  with the shaft of his penis. "Off you go young man, Samantha will show you
  the way."  
Peter shamefully turned to follow the young girl as Miss Trent let go of
  him, her slender hand smacking him lightly on the bottom. He stumbled rather
  than walked, acutely aware of his erect penis bobbing up and down as he followed
  Samantha. The girls were standing around in groups, their eyes following his
  embarrassing progress across the cobbled courtyard. He did not dare to look
  left or right as he followed the young girl towards the medical centre.  
Constance Marchbank moved away from the mullioned window of her luxurious
  office where, with some amusement, she had been observing the proceedings that
  had been enacted in the courtyard below. She returned to one of the two leather
  easy chairs and sat down. Her every movement was a testimony to her grace and
  breeding. Even if Constance had not been so beautifully dressed in the finest
  of Chanel Haut couture, few people would have failed to have recognised her
  elegance or her delicate beauty.  
She looked across at the young girl who was seated in the other of the two
  leather chairs. The girl was dressed in the school uniform that only senior
  prefects were privileged to wear. Jessica had just celebrated her eighteenth
  birthday. The occasion had been more than just a celebration of age, although
  no one other than Constance Marchbank had been privy to the exact import of
  Jessica's birthday. According to the terms of her late father's will and testament,
  Jessica had become the heir to her share of her family's fortunes. Although
  one hundred and eighty five million pounds sterling in liquid cash&hellip; as
  well as a similar amount in stocks and bonds might have seemed an imposing
  fortune to some, Constance Marchbank had not even raised her eyebrows. To those
  who understood the history of the Rochville Academy, especially the financial
  history, the legacy Jessica had inherited would have been commensurate with
  that of many of the present and former pupils of Rochville.  
"So Jessica&hellip; you have decided that Gerald will not be the one. Not
  to worry, you have plenty of time and I am sure that you will not be short
  of entertainment when you take over your house as a tutor. As you are the most
  senior of all of our girls who has expressed an interest in acquiring a boy,
  you will be able to choose as and when you are ready."  
Jessica smiled, stretching her long legs out, she turned towards Constance
  and spoke. Her voice had a soft fruitiness to it as she tilted her head to
  one side and looked directly at the young headmistress. "I can honestly say
  that I cannot wait to apply my skills to our current batch of young boys. But,
  as you say, choosing one is not a prior concern&hellip; after all every year
  I wait the younger they will be." Jessica grinned impishly as she moved her
  body sensuously in the comfort of the leather chair.  
Constance could not help but smile as she picked up the slender glass of
  champagne from the ornate table at her side. "Well Jessica, you are right of
  course, but remember that honing the skills of your young suitor can be very
  fulfilling. It is a wonderful thing to have a boy so well bonded to you that
  his only thoughts are to please you. Of course his punishments and discipline
  are a most pleasant hors d'eourve and with your choice of staff only the best
  of performances will be extracted from him."  
Jessica squirmed in her chair as she thought of the wonderful afternoons
  she had spent watching the young tutors and their staff putting boys through
  their paces.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jane Marwood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





