BDSM Library - It's A Girl Thing




It's A Girl Thing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this story "Elizabeth" a man with the help of technology, decides to try to do the ultimate cross Dresser's adventure: Have a man screw him without finding out "Liz" is a man.  But things go very wrong.  Liz is in fo  lot more than he bargained for. I guess that technically, I should say I am bi. Though, the truth of the
  matter is that I used to prefer women as sex partners. I liked to cross dress
  and that is where the trouble started. It was The CU2004Nt gaff with the set
  of Real Mamms false breasts that put me in my present situation.  
 To those uninitiated, a gaff is something to hide the penis when a man is
  dressed like a woman. This particular gaff was an exceptional one, it was realistic
  both in how it looked and how it felt, the receptacle for the cock had an attachment
  that allowed the wearer to urinate in the identical way a female did and there
  was a vagina, an opening and a receptacle another man could stick his cock
  in.  
 The breasts were originally designed for mastectomy patients and had implants
  designed to hold them in place. I had the implants surgically put in and the
  breasts were extremely realistic, if they were worn for more than an hour they
  got to body temperature. They were attached extremely strong and were painful
  if they were fondled.  
 My obsession with passing myself off as a woman, drove me to great lengths,
  as you can tell and that is how I found myself contemplating the ultimate act
  of "passing," having a man fuck me without knowing that I was another man..
  It was just a whim at first, but the more I thought about it, the more I wanted
  to try it. Dressed, I make a plain woman, but I am very short 5' 4&quot; tall
  and weigh a skimpy 125 pounds. So, I am petite enough, but facing facts, unless
  you are oriental, plain is the best you can do. Still, I am convincing as a "Plain
  Jane." That I am well off financially didn't hurt and I am not in any kind
  of a committed relationship, so I was relatively free to start analyzing what
  the criteria would be to pull this off. First, the situation had to be that
  the "other man" needed to not want to see me again, he would need to be drunk
  and it would need to be some distance from where I lived. I would need to have
  the whole thing video recorded for proof.  
 The thought intrigued me, there were several smaller towns about two days
  travel by auto from where I lived, that I had no real reason to return to the
  place, so they would be ideal for the location, drunk men in small towns would
  be fairly easy to find. It was the idea of how to make sure that the "other
  man" would never want to look me up. My experience as a man was that once you
  found a fuckable female you wanted to keep them available, so I assumed that
  other men would have a similar attitudes. That was the sticking point, so,
  I put the idea on the back burner for five months.  
 About five months after I had determined that the idea was feasible, I was
  watching a television program about casual or "date rape." The woman discussing
  the profile of these rapists indicated that they tended to be rough in the
  sex and wanted to get away from the victim after the fact. However, another
  telling fact was that often the men often injured the victim and sometimes,
  the victim was killed by a rapist desperate to hide the crime. The first got
  me excited, but the last information cooled my ardor quickly. The rough sex
  was not too intimidating, but I didn't want to pay for my whim with my death,
  so the idea went to the back burner again.  
 I kept the idea of rape as an option, but continued, frustrated that I almost
  had everything I needed to pull off the ultimate cross dressed action. About
  fourteen months later, a colleague who was aware of my cross dressing approached
  me with some interesting news. He was a biomechanical engineer and he had been
  working on nerve sensor implants quite successfully. He surprised me when he
  announced that he had been working on implants for artificial breasts and an
  artificial vagina. He had been approached by several organizations that were
  interested in adaptations of these for men. He asked me if I was willing to
  be the guinea pig for the items, it meant some fairly extensive surgery on
  the pectoral area to implant the sensors. The vagina was also attached by implants
  but also had a harness that attached to the penis and testes that sent signals
  to nerves. I agreed and some eleven months later he was rewarded with a patent
  for his work and I had pair of breasts and a vagina that approximated what
  a woman felt. It was exhilarating, there had been the uncomfortable issue of
  trials with other men, but it was clinical and was very educational, with the
  sensor implants in my chest, when the false breasts were fondled, the sensations
  were erotic and arousing. The vagina would drive me wild when touched and handled
  and I was able to orgasm when I was entered by a cock. The sensations were
  new and very pleasurable.  
 Where I was interested in my idea before, I was becoming more frustrated
  at the inability to act on my desire. It had evolved into a need. I was firm
  though, I was not going to place my life on the line. It had been over two
  years since I first entertained the idea of the ultimate cross dressing fantasy,
  the technology that I had now far outstripped the original that had allowed
  me to posit the idea in the first place. To compensate, I began to grow my
  hair longer and keep my body hair shaved. My persona softened into a more feminine
  one. This continued for another fifteen months, my head of hair was long and
  red. My daily skin care took me another step. And just after the trials, I
  had started a corset regimen that started to pay off. Do not misunderstand,
  I was still a "Plain Jane" just a more convincing one.  
 My frustration had reached a fever pitch, my forays out dressed as a woman
  became very regular, at least two or three times a week. My more frequent accessability
  a female added new situations, numerous times I caught guys copping a feel
  of my boobs, the problem was that it was stimulating and once while I was distracted,
  one stevedore managed to get his hand under my skirt and started to work his
  finger under my panties. That made me jump. I couldn't take the chance to act
  it out here in my home territory. The man got slapped, I tore out of the place
  and when I got home and stopped breathing hard, I realized that I was hot to
  trot, I vowed to get someone into my panties for real. I was determined to
  go all the way.  
 I had started to leave my breasts attached when I went to bed and was wearing
  the gaff under my male clothes. One night, while I was out dressed as a woman,
  I was drinking with a guy, who pulled me to him and kissed me and I was just
  drunk enough to french kiss him back. His hands were all over me, cupping my
  breasts and searching for a way to get under my skirt. Being a proper fucking
  tease, I did not stop him immediately and allowed him some real liberties.
  I finally had to physically push him off of me and leave. When I got home and
  took the gaff off, I was shocked to see the receptacle in the gaff filled with
  my own cum and my cock was still rock hard. It took some quality time in the
  shower to remedy that.  
 I had crossed the line, the next day I quit my job, arranged for ID as a
  female and went to a neighboring city and spent well over seven thousand dollars
  on clothes. I rented a place in one of the towns I had considered previously.
  It was far enough away that I was not known and then I moved in as a woman.
  I studiously avoided contact with people, as I brooded over my predicament.
  I still was not ready to die for the cause, but I was ready to accept more
  risks. When I went out, I was using women's restrooms, not that I was interested
  in exploiting the situation, women had lost some of their luster as sex partners.
  I had learned and practiced to wear heels and I actually owned a pair of six
  inch heels and I trained myself to navigate easily in them.  
 I was now at an impasse, I was as much of a female as I could manage, but
  the one thing I wanted was still out of reach and it was not just a fuck, I
  wanted to be raped, but I wanted to be raped on my terms. I was irrational
  and acting it, many of the safeguards I had envisioned were tossed aside. I
  would accept almost anything, except dying, to have my rape.  
 I knew that I could not do this alone, so I started looking for an accomplice.
  It needed to be a man. A man, who had skills in setting up surveillance cameras
  for undetected recording of the event. I needed some way to assure that I would
  not be killed. I needed a stranger, a man, that did not know my identity, but
  he would know about my gender. He would put me in restraint and find men to
  come and rape me. He would see that I lived through the ordeal and that my
  artificial genitalia was not harmed. Past that I really didn't care. I began
  looking in newspaper classifieds and yellow pages near the town I chose. I
  searched for this ideal partner and after another four months it paid off,
  I found Vern.  
 Vern was a surveillance specialist used by private detectives. His expertise
  there was beyond question. He also had a reputation of absolute confidentiality.
  He also had a severe mercenary streak. For the right amount of money he would
  do about anything, except be party to murder. He was my guy. He worked generally
  for $7,500.00 for a job, so, I was very confident he would be extremely interested
  in my proposal. We agreed to meet at a club in a town near where he lived,
  it was quiet and intimate and very private. I did my makeup, and wore a gray
  skirt that reached just above my knees, taupe hose, three inch black pumps
  and a white button up the back blouse that was just sheer enough to allow someone
  to make out the cream colored bra I wore underneath it. I might be plain looking
  as a woman but I had learned how to dress for best effect. The waist cincher
  that I wore all the time in the house had begun to pay dividends with a more
  female waistline. I had sent photos, but I was concerned how I would look in
  person to him.  
 I am sure that Vern had not known what to expect, but his eyebrows arched
  as I introduced myself. When we sat and were alone, he said simply, "So, are
  you really a guy?"  
 I nodded, "Yes, I can prove it to you if I need to, but as far as you are
  concerned, I might as well be a woman, because that is how I expect to be treated
  in this... Umm... escapade. I am pretty sure I explained the background sufficiently
  and the results I want to try to get. Now that you have had a look at me, do
  you think that what I had in mind will work?"  
 He chuckled at that point, "Well as far as visual, you can make it work,
  but you are going to be touched, I am not certain if that is something that
  is going to fool even some drunk guy."  
 I laughed back, the course that I took to develop a woman's voice added
  to the charade, "That is a fair question." I quickly looked around and ascertained
  that we would not likely be seen. I slid around the booth next to him, I pulled
  the blouse out from the waist of the skirt and spread my legs to allow him
  access and guided his hand to the blouse and said, "Here you go Vern, go ahead
  and check it out for yourself."  
 His eyes widened, but he didn't pause too long before he put his hand inside
  the blouse and pushed it underneath the bra. "So far, so good." He murmured,
  then he thrust his hand up my skirt and pushed his fingers inside the leg hole
  of my panties. I let him work his fingers up and into the entrance for the
  other guys' male members I used a lube to keep the vagina moist and it felt
  like the real thing. "Damn it to hell, are you sure you are a guy?"  
 I pulled his hand away from the gaff, less because I was afraid of being
  seen, but more because of the sensual shock waves it was sending, "Quite sure
  and if you take me someplace much more secure and private, I will show you
  the proof. So, what do you think? Will be able to fool some drunk guys into
  raping me? If you think we can, how soon can we be set up?"  
 Vern looked at his hand and then me,"Yes, I think I want to see that proof.
  We will go to my office and you can show me there. Hell, yes it can be done
  and I think it won't take much more than a couple of weeks. I have a place
  in mind, it's private and close to several bars and it's a place the police
  do not keep tabs on. But before we go any further, we need to talk cash." Vern
  looked at me expectantly, this was what he had been most interested in when
  I contacted him.  
 "Yes, money. $25,000.00 when you agree, another $50,000.00 on the day it
  happens. And when I come through it as agreed, alive and my cunt and tits intact,
  $425,000.00. I know that you checked me out, so you know I can pay it and I
  have worked it out with an attorney that you will be paid in cash. How you
  explain that much cash is your problem though.." I stopped and let the thought
  of what I said sink in. This was more money than he had made totally in the
  last ten years.  
 Vern looked at me, he had called in some favors and knew I was on the level,
  still the amount of money caught him off guard. Vern fell silent and I did
  not try to hurry the process along. He finally drew in a sharp breath. "Ok,
  you are serious about this. Let me understand, I bind you up and bring men
  in to fuck and humiliate you and the only conditions are that you live through
  it and your fake cunt and tits are not hurt? Have I got the facts straight?"  
 "Perfectly straight. Yes I am earnestly serious about this happening and
  have been for over four years. I want to have this happen to me so bad, I can
  taste it." The look on my face confirmed the fact. I was here talking a complete
  stranger into having me raped by several men.  
 Vern shrugged, "Ok, you got yourself a deal." He stopped, I had never given
  him a name.  
 "Elizabeth, or Liz will be fine." I opened the hand bag and slid a thick
  manila envelope towards him, "I would like you to count it to make sure we
  were not shorted." Vern dutifully counted out the one hundred bills and nodded
  to me. I said, "Ok, then shall we go to your office, so I can show you that
  I am really a man?"  
 Vern shook his head and smiled wryly. He held up the envelope and said, "I
  think I can take your word for it. I will make arrangements and call you in
  three days." He walked me to the door and I leaned over and planted a kiss
  on his cheek, leaving lipstick on it and hurried to my car. I drove home and
  waited for his call anxiously.  
 Punctually three days later, Vern called. "Elizabeth, the thing is set for
  February eighth and I need a few things before I give you the final details,
  but I just want to verify the conditions, you live through it and the fake
  cunt and tits are not damaged and those are the only conditions?"  
 "That's all correct Vern and I do not have any other conditions. You have
  the first $25,000.00 and you will get another $50,000.00 on February eighth.
  Then when we are successfully through the "event," you will receive the other
  $425,000.00 by courier." The fact was I had the $50,000.00 already and all
  that had to happen was that someone had to see me alive on the day I would
  designate to the attorney and the money would be delivered, it was already
  out of my hands, even if the tits and gaff were destroyed. I didn't mention
  that to Vern, but my foot was firmly on the path. so to speak.  
 "Ok Elizabeth, then, how tall are you and what is your bra size and measurements." I
  stalled for a moment, it was a question that I had not thought of. I saw a
  tape and quickly put it around my hips and got the number. "Elizabeth, are
  you there?" Vern asked.  
 "Yes Vern, I 'm here. I am five foot four inches tall. I wear a thirty six
  B bra and I had to take my measurements. They are thirty six, twenty five with
  my corset on, thirty five. Anything else?"  
 Yeah, do you have any other high heels than the ones I saw you in and what
  are the tallest heels if you do."  
 I was somewhat baffled by the question but answered quickly, "I have several
  pair of heels, the tallest are six inch heels. They are white and have an ankle
  and a T-strap, if that makes a difference." I waited hoping he would tell me
  why he was asking."  
 "No, I am sure the shoes will not be problem. Ok, I will call you on the
  fourth of February with the details." He didn't wait for a reply and hung up.
  I was mystified and not just a little curious about the questions, but I was
  not about to upset the apple cart with my goal so near. I started to thoroughly
  working on my skin all over my body, carefully planning my body hair schedule,
  to make sure of a smooth body with the exception of my head and pubic hair.
  I practiced my voice, not sure whether I would need to speak or not. The days
  seemed to crawl by. On the third of February, a package came. I opened it and
  found a strapless evening gown. It obviously had been tailored because when
  I slipped out of my bra forced myself into my corset and put it on it was a
  perfect fit. I was terribly excited, the dress was something that was out of
  the reach of most traditional cross dressers, but then I was hardly traditional.
  There also was a bra and panty set very red, I was confused, the dress required
  that I not wear a bra and then I found a garter belt and white stockings and
  white silk panties. The last thing in the package was a DVD with a note: "do
  not play until I call, Vern." I was mystified, but all I could do was wait
  for Vern to call.  
 Vern was punctual as always and around noon on the fourth he called, "Elizabeth,
  it is all arranged, did you get the package?"  
 I answered, "Yes, damn it Vern and the suspense is killing me."  
 He laughed, "Sorry it couldn't be helped. Do you have DVD up and ready?" I
  answered that I had. "Ok, then play it and I will describe the place to you.
  First you will see that it is a barn. It is not far from a town that is a good
  distance from where you live and is actually in another state. Now the images
  are going to go through their sequence. You will notice that all cameras have
  a good angle and there are far shots mid range shots and close ups. There is
  quite literally no part of you that is not seen by at least three cameras.
  They are digital and high quality and are all on 48 hour recorders and can
  easily be transferred to DVD. There is nothing that is going to happen to you
  that will not be seen. The thing in the middle of everything is where you will
  be attached to and I assure you, it is not possible to resist the men, they
  will do what they want to you. You will be fastened to the equipment and not
  be able to protect your body at all. You will be totally helpless. I have no
  doubt that the men will become rough and not gentle." The images ran out. My
  heart was pounding, there was no turning back. I wanted to be there now, not
  in three days. "Now that you have seen it, and know the score, do still want
  to go through with it?"  
 "Oh, yes Vern, I really do."  
 "Good then there is the matter of transporting you there. You are not going
  to know where it is. You are going to be delivered there by a truck in a box.
  There is going to be a real element of kidnaping and rape in the scenario.
  Once it starts there will be no way to stop it. So I want to be very clear,
  do you still want to do this?"  
 "In a box? How is that going to happen? Will I be tied up in the box?" I
  was now feeling a real excitement, it was really happening, I was going to
  be raped by men and if I had done everything right they would not know they
  had fucked another man. This was what I had been waiting to do for almost 5
  years. The box only made me want to start more.  
 "Yes, you will be trussed up and stuck in a box and delivered to the barn,
  you will have no idea where you will be and it will be very constricting. I
  see that you want to proceed, so this is how it will happen. You will take
  a taxi to 1821 Sunnyville Road to meet me and give me the money, then I will
  drive you to a point about 3 blocks from a warehouse and you will walk to the
  place you will wear the red bra and panty set with what ever other clothing
  you choose to wear. You will take the other clothing, the dress and under things,
  as well as your 6&quot; high heels, the white ones, with you when you leave
  your place and you will not return home for quite a while. Oh, just make sure
  you need to pee when you get there, because you are going to give the guys
  at the warehouse a show, I have the ladies restroom wired with cameras, there
  is one that looks down on the first toilet and one in back of a two way mirror.
  You will dress in the evening gown, garter belt, white stockings, your 6&quot; high
  heels and the white silk panties. Then you will go to where they direct you
  and they will tie you up and put you in the box. Then you will be shipped to
  the barn. When I show up at the barn, I will take you out of the box and set
  you up for your rapes. Then, I will start collecting men, the story I will
  tell them is that I was hired by your husband to humiliate and punish you for
  having an affair. I will tell them they can do what they want, but he wants
  your cunt and tits to be unmarked. At that point, you are at the mercy of whoever
  I bring. When the last one is done. I will take you off the thing and prepare
  you to be delivered back to the warehouse, stuffed in the box again. They will
  untie you and let you go. Then you can do whatever you need to send the rest
  of the money. That is how it will go. Is that going to work for you?"  
 I was ecstatic, it was really happening and I was just a few days away from
  it, "Yes Vern, it is going to work just fine for me. What time on the eighth
  are we to meet?"  
 "7 am at Sunnyville Road, you will see me and then it starts. I'll see you
  then."  
 I said, "At 7 am then." I was beside myself, it was going to happen. I went
  out that night and had a few drinks to celebrate. I even let some lout buy
  me a drink and cop a feel of one of my tits, I was in a good mood. I did not
  stay out too late though, I had some things to attend to and I did not want
  to be rushing things at the last minute. I contacted the attorney to finalize
  the last payment and I stated that I would just call his office to confirm
  on the seventh. I had my hair done and got a facial. Just for fun, I bought
  a red skirt, blouse, red pantyhose and red heels that matched the red underwear
  I was to wear to the warehouse.  
 On the seventh, I made the last arrangement for the witness to see that
  I was alive, so the money would be delivered. Then, I laid out everything that
  I would need. I carefully trimmed my pubic hair into a neat patch of red hair.
  Then I spent the rest of the night moisturizing and plucking stray hairs. On
  the morning of the eighth, I got up bathed and shaved for the last time. I
  had two large glasses of milk, because I knew that I would need to piss when
  I got to wherever it was I was going. As I looked myself over in the mirror,
  I felt confident that this was going to be successful. I called a taxi and
  set out for Sunnyville Road. I arrived at 6:59am and saw Vern waiting in a
  car. I paid the cab off and walked to Vern's car and got in.  
 He said simply, "Last chance to back out, Elizabeth."  
 I replied quickly, "Not a chance. Let's go." Then I handed him the envelope
  with the $50,000.00.  
 Vern drove for almost 40 minutes and then pulled up in an industrial area., "Straight
  down this road about 3 blocks there is DVG Warehouse and Transport. Go in there
  tell them you are there for job 168549 and hand them this ticket. They know
  what is going on. Ask them where you can go to change and they will send you
  to the ladies room. I told you that there are cameras, so you will start the
  whole ball of wax while they watch you pee and get dressed. Take your time
  and give them a good show, they think you are a woman and they will enjoy it
  and I thought that you would get a kick out of fooling them first. After you
  have the black dress and the other stuff on, come out to the counter and tell
  them that you are ready. They will direct you where to go and then it starts
  in earnest. I won't see you again until I take you out of the box. Ready?"  
 I just nodded and said, "Thanks Vern. I will see you later." I got out of
  the car with a sack with the rape wear and started to walk in the direction
  of the warehouse. Almost from the first step there were cat calls an whistles,
  I was on display and I felt a burn start on my face, but on another level I
  was enjoying it. That I was the object of their lust made me feel good. The
  need to pee began to start up as I walked and by the time I arrived at DVG
  I felt like I needed to go badly. I walked through the double doors and to
  the receptionists counter. I told the guy sitting there, "Hi I am here about
  Delivery 168549 and here is the ticket." The man looked me over carefully and
  nodded. "I need to use the restroom and change, where should I go?" He pointed
  me to a sign that said "Ladies Room"  
 I thanked him and walked deliberately, but quickly down the hall to the
  room. I dropped the change of clothes on the vanity seat and hurried to the
  first stall. As I got in I quickly turned and hiked my skirt up around my hips
  and pulled down the panties and pantyhose and sat spread legged on the toilet
  and let lose with the piss. The gaff made the flow look just like a woman's
  and I was pleased that I had an audience for the piss. After I was done I carefully
  wiped myself with toilet paper and redressed. As I stepped to the seat with
  the clothes, I began to get very giddy and excited, it had started and I was
  here. I slipped out of my heels and pulled down the pantyhose and panties and
  dropped them in a pile on the floor. Then I took the pullover blouse and drew
  it over my head. I unzipped the red skirt and let it drop to my ankles as well,
  showing me naked from the waist down wearing only my black waist cinching corset
  and the red bra. Just for fun, I fumbled just a little with the bra clasp and
  then pulled it off my shoulders and dropped it onto the pile of clothing on
  the floor. I took a moment to heft the breasts and admire myself in the mirror,
  knowing full well that there were some men watching the whole thing. I started
  with the garter belt and put it on, I had practiced for quite a while to do
  it smoothly, once it was on, I had an idea and took the stocking and started
  to put it on with my back to the mirror, I bent over to start the stocking
  on my toe and of course the opening in the gaff was displayed sightly spread,
  I took my time smoothing the stocking on the leg and then repeated it for the
  second leg. Then just for good measure I put the heels on next again with the
  cunt clearly displayed for the camera. Then I put on the white silk panties.
  I took a moment to admire the view in the mirror, the combination of the narrow
  waisted corset and the other lingerie was spectacular, but now I was anxious
  to get to the barn, so, I wiggled and pulled the evening gown on. I adjusted
  my tits in the cups and took a moment to check to see the seams of the white
  stockings were straight. I gathered the pile of clothes on the floor and shoved
  them into the bag I brought, also in there was a small handbag with some money
  for a cab.  
 I took a last look in the mirror and was satisfied and walked out of the
  ladies room and to the counter, the guy that had been there was just returning
  to the counter and I had a pretty good idea from where, because he took a good
  look at me this time. No doubt he thought something like, "The face is ugly
  but damn, I wouldn't kick her out of bed. At least until I finished fucking
  her." He didn't really say anything of course. I approached him and put the
  bag of clothes on the counter and asked him, "Can I leave this here for safe
  keeping?"  
 He answered speaking for the first time, "Sure Lady, no problem."  
 I asked the next question, "Where do I need to go to be "packaged?" I felt
  like my heart was in my throat, I could have ran at any point up to now, in
  fact, I still could, but I wanted this more than anything, so, I just stood
  waiting for instructions.  
 Then he grinned, "Just go through the door marked packing and they will
  tell you what to do from there." I walked quickly to the door marked "Packing" and
  pushed it open then walked in. The man standing in the room was at least 70
  years old and looked quite calm. "You are the one that is going to take care
  of shipping me?" He nodded. "What should I do? Put my hands behind me?"  
 "No, lady, not yet. We start at the bottom and work our way up, if you will
  raise the bottom of your dress away from your shoes and stand with your feet
  together please." I did as I was told and he quickly ran 3 coils around the
  instep of my shoes and then wrapped the rope around the coils tightening them,
  then he tied it off. I was effectively hobbled the only way to move would be
  to hop. The rope was soft and smooth and had some give, but I was not given
  much time to consider it. He spoke clipped, "Now show your ankles.' I raised
  the dress a little higher and he went to work again with 3 coils and threading
  it through the legs to tighten the coils. He was very quick with the ties and
  spoke tersely, "Show your knees now." Tired with the inching up, I hoisted
  the dress up showing not only the knees but the tops of the stockings and the
  crotch of my panties. If he noticed, he made no indication that had. He tied
  me off with coils above the knees, then below the knees. My legs were useless.  
 "Ok, you can let the dress down." He wasn't going to be chatty, so, I waited
  like a good little girl for his instructions. "Now put you hands behind your
  back and put your hands together with the backs of your hands touching each
  other." I did as I was told and faster than I could react, he had me tied and
  to boot I wasn't able to attack those knots with my hands. I was very thoroughly
  trussed, but he wasn't done. He coiled loops of ropes around just above my
  elbows and cinched them tight and I felt a strain at my shoulders and the only
  way to reduce it was to thrust my chest out. Then, he went to the table for
  something and then stepped in front of me and said, "Open your mouth." It was
  then I saw what was in his hands it was a gag, the plug of which was shaped
  like a penis. I was too far along and he could force it in anyway, so, I opened
  my mouth and he slid it in then pulled my hair up and fastened it tightly against
  the back of my neck. I was very effectively silenced. Finally, he showed me
  a black leather blindfold and I lost all reference, as all I could see was
  black when he put it on me. I was totally helpless.  
 I heard something heavy being dragged next to me. Then he spoke again. "Ok
  lady this can be easy or hard, it's up to you. When we pick you up, if you
  bend your knees up we can get this done, if you want to fight it, we will get
  you in it anyway. Ok, get her up and above the box." I felt someone grasp me
  around the waist and lift me off my feet. I contemplated struggling, but decided
  not to fight and folded my legs up. I was set down on my knees inside the container
  and then I felt pressure of someone pushing on my back and another pushing
  on the back of my neck and soon I was pressed down my face on my knees and
  then I felt the lid close down against my hands and arms then I heard a loud
  snap. And then nothing. I was very tightly confined. I could barely move. Then,
  I felt the box being lifted and I was moving, I could not make out which direction
  and I knew that I was hopelessly lost until someone took me out of the box.
  And that would be Vern. There was absolutely nothing I could do, I was potently
  trapped. Then I felt the box slide and then abruptly stop and then no movement
  and I realized that I had just been loaded on the truck. Then there was a thump
  to one side of me and then another on the opposite side then one above me,
  then it occurred to me that there would be other deliveries and I panicked
  for a moment, but realized that this was all happening on schedule and I relaxed,
  there was nothing I could do anyway, pressed in the box. So I settled in and
  waited. The trip likely started around 9 or 9:30 am after I was loaded I was
  glad that the only thing I had that morning was the milk. Unfortunately, I
  was getting thirsty, but at least I didn't need to pee. The cramped position
  was extremely uncomfortable and my corset didn't help. But as before there
  was nothing I had any control over at this point so, I just rode along so much
  freight.  
 After what seemed like an eternity, I felt my box being slid and the hefted
  and then rather unceremoniously dropped. Then there was silence. Excitement
  overcame the discomfort, I realized I was at the barn. This was the place where
  all my effort was about to culminate. I had to wait for Vern, but that was
  just another step. Suddenly, the pressure released from my hands and arms as
  the lid on the box was opened. For a moment, I was frightened, what if it wasn't
  Vern? I was relieved to hear his familiar voice.  
 "Well, Elizabeth, I see you made it. Let's get you stood up and out of the
  box shall we?" I felt arms around my waist again and he lifted me up and I
  heard the lid slam shut and he sat me on my erstwhile prison. "Ok, let's get
  the blindfold off and I will explain the situation again and then get you ready." I
  winced as the leather came off my eyes, and I had trouble focusing for a moment,
  then gradually my vision cleared and I was looking at for lack of a better
  word a platform. I tilted my head for another angle and then Vern spoke again, "Yes,
  that is where you are going to be while the guys are having their way with
  you. When you are attached to it there will be nothing you can do to stop them.
  You have been traveling for 8 hours and you left about 9:10 am it's now 5:15
  pm. The first thing we need to do is get some liquid into you and then have
  you take a piss. So, let me get the gag out." Vern unbuckled the gag and pulled
  it out. He let me work my jaw for a moment then held a container of liquid
  with a straw up to my mouth, I took a sip and almost gagged.  
 "Yeah, it tastes awful but it will quickly rehydrate you and that is what
  you need against what is coming up, after you finish that there will be better
  tasting things to drink and then a trip to relieve yourself. After that, it
  will be time to strap you onto your throne here."  
 I forced myself to finish the offending liquid and felt quite a bit more
  alert, then there was a fruit drink that cleared the foul taste, then another
  that was decidedly salty. I finished them all, then he untied my legs, helped
  me stand and walked me to a corner and then pulled up my dress and then pulled
  the panties down around my ankles, "Ok Elizabeth, you need to squat down, I
  will help you keep you clothes clean, but you are going to need to piss now." He
  was right, I felt the urge come on like a tidal wave. No sooner than I had
  gotten into a squatting position and he held me slightly forward, when I had
  to let everything gush out. It was almost comedic, I think I was peeing there
  for almost 5 minutes. Finally, I felt the pressure ease and then stop. I was
  a little embarrassed at the episode, there was a huge puddle that Vern helped
  me step over and he quickly buried it under some straw.  
 He walked me back to the platform. My arms were still tied behind me and
  Vern made no effort to undo them, so, I waited for his instructions.  
 "Now Elizabeth, I need you to climb up on the two parallel boards with the
  holes drilled in them." With some effort I managed to kneel on the boards with
  my thighs against vertical boards. I felt something like rounded bars press
  against the back of my thigh about 6 inches down from the gaff's fucking hole,
  after about a minute of fidgeting, I heard a whirring sound and my leg was
  pulled tightly against the vertical board in front of me. Quickly, he duplicated
  the same on my other thigh. He was not kidding when he said attached, in all,
  he used 14 U-bolts to fasten me to his platform, the last two went across the
  back of the arches of my high heels, holding me with pointed toes, in some
  obscene ballet pose.  
 Then, he was behind me lifting the hem of the dress over my back. "Not to
  worry Elizabeth, I just need to see as I set the angle." Suddenly, I felt my
  legs separate as the boards swung apart. Wider and wider and I felt the stretch
  at my crotch, finally, it stopped, it was uncomfortable, but I realized that
  at this point the victim's comfort was not an issue, so, I said nothing. I
  was resolute in my determination to go forward with the rape..  
 "Ok, I need to do your arms next". First, he undid the wrist tie and replaced
  it with a pair of handcuffs, once again forcing the palms out, the cuffs were
  on tight but did not cut off circulation. Next, he undid the elbow ties and
  then he took the longer of the two ropes and laid it around the back of my
  neck, then, he threaded the two ends underneath my arms and lay the ends over
  the short chain of the handcuffs, now he threaded the ends between the wrist
  and back up where the rope was on the back of my neck. He threaded it through
  the rope again and started to pull the rope down. As he did, my wrists traveled
  towards my neck. He kept pulling until my wrists rested in the small of my
  back. Then he tied off the rope and took the other length and proceeded to
  cinch and wrap until there was no chance of the hands getting loose. He took
  hold of an elbow and said, "Nice handles huh. But we are going to make a couple
  more." He proceeded to use some rubber bands to fashion my long red hair into
  two pony tails.  
 Finally, he said, "Open up Elizabeth." He produced a instrument that dentists
  used to hold mouths open during surgery, They were held open with ratchets,
  I suppose I could of fought but he was strong and would have done it anyway,
  so I opened my mouth and parted my teeth. There were two channels designed
  to seat the front teeth on the lower and upper jaw. Vern seated the channels
  and started to spread the jaws until there was a definite strain on the jaw.
  The tension ensured that the mouth was forced open until it was released. I
  didn't expect that was going to happen very soon.  
 Vern looked over his handiwork and seemed happy with himself.  
 "Ok Elizabeth, you're done, from here on out you are going to be called
  slut, whore, bitch and other things that I don't have time to list. You are
  going to face fucked and be ridden. You are going to be screwed, penetrated,
  humped and pumped. And all against your will. In short, you are about to be
  raped. But, not just by 6 guys like I am sure you thought, but by at least
  60. So you are going to be here awhile. I guarantee, that it is not going to
  be like anything you fantasized, it is not going to be sexy, it is going to
  be frightening and when it is over you are going to feel cheap and less than
  a human being. Remember that you asked for this and you had many chances to
  back out. So, I don't feel sorry for you at all. Right now the restraint is
  wearing at you and that will continue, but it will be multiplied by whatever
  the men I bring are going to do to you. By the time this is over, you may just
  wish that you were dead. You better take the chance to rest while you can,
  because about 20 minutes after I leave the first ones are going to show up
  and it won't stop until I decide it's over and I am going to make sure you
  get your money's worth."  
 Vern laughed quietly and walked past me towards the door, he had placed
  me back to the door of the barn, so if the men chose to, I would not even see
  them, they could walk up and enter me, then leave without ever showing their
  face to me that night. I heard a door slam and a truck start up and drive away.  
 So, there I sat helpless and a platoon of men were about to invade my body
  and I had pushed, asked, even pleaded for it to happen, and now that I had
  gotten here, I was terrified. The realization of what I had done to myself,
  began to sink in, I had put myself in a position that women feared and I came
  to grips with the truth, playing at being a woman gave you no insight as to
  how to live as a woman.  
 Vern's words were designed to make certain there would be no peace and it
  worked. I began to struggle, but I was too well restrained There was not anything
  I could do, but try to live through it.  
 The 20 minutes passed quickly in my reverie, I heard a truck drive up and
  two doors open and shut and then I heard the voices, the wait was over.  
 "So it's true, there's the slut and she is trussed up like there's no tomorrow.
  This is going to be fun." The pair of men walked into view, they were rough
  sort of men, probably farmers and I could smell cheap beer on them even at
  the distance they were right now. "So, you're the bitch that can't keep her
  cunt where it belongs, well we have ways of educatin' hussies around here." The
  speaker walked out of my vision. The other man said nothing and just stared
  at me.  
 Suddenly, I was pushed forward, I lost balance and was bent at the waist
  staring at the floor of the platform. I heard the speaker say, "Hold her down
  boy, while I get to her asshole. Hell, if I'm lucky, she's a virgin there.
  Then when I am in, go ahead and face fuck her and shoot your whole load of
  seed in her mouth, then make her swallow every drop."  
 Those words spoke horror into my heart, he was going to rape my anus! I
  struggled to pull myself up to fight the coming invasion. This wasn't what
  I had imagined at all. I might as well saved my energy, because a second pair
  of rough, calloused hands pushed me down again, as the first pair pulled the
  hem of the dress up to reveal my skimpy under things. "Hey, she has one of
  those corset thingies, she even dresses like a whore."  
 I was totally in their control and no amount of squirming was going to stop
  what was about to happen. They were casually talking to each other like I didn't
  hear or understand. I heard a new voice, the second man spoke for the first
  time, "Ya goin to do her ass? You got no Vaseline." That only made me strain
  harder, but that was no match to the brutes' strength. I think even if I wasn't
  bound up so well, I would lose the fight to these two. The first speaker answered, "Hell,
  she don't deserve no comfort, but since you are so partial to the lady, I will
  lube her up with my spit."  
 With that the silk panties were pulled down stretching as the they went.
  The jerk only pulled them far enough down so they cut into my legs. Then, I
  felt his finger start to probe my anus. "Yep. we got us a real virgin asshole
  here."  
 He started to push the digit in passed the sphincter. I tried to scream,
  but the sound that came out was laughable. His finger entered and I felt grossly
  violated, I knew now what rape was all about and it wasn't just an annoyance
  that had to be allowed to facilitate my whim. It was a painful abuse that one
  could only hope to survive.  
 The finger worked in and then out a few times more and then the second finger
  was at the hole pushing at it trying to enter. As it penetrated, I sobbed and
  the man laughed, there was real enjoyment at my plight. He was working the
  two digits now and the anus was stretched and he said, "God, she is sooo tight,
  Ok, I stroked myself into a rock. Hold her down while I poke it in her."  
 The two brutal hands held my bare shoulders, as the other pulled the fingers
  out and wiped them on my buttocks. I attempted to scream again as I felt the
  head of his cock press against the hole. He used two hands to spread the cheeks
  open and slowly pushed it forward. The preparation had loosened the sphincter
  enough so the head began to penetrate. Then he clamped on to the side of my
  hips to hold me still and forced his cock in. It felt like it was being burned,
  the pain was more intense than I could have ever imagined and still the rod
  pushed in further. "Ok, she ain't gonna come out now, have at her mouth."  
 The hands that held me down now had new tasks, one grabbed the two pony
  tails and lifted me up and the other caught my chin and pulled my face up.
  The man had undid his coveralls and dropped them and his cock stood out ready
  to do its work.  
 It was funny, as I considered the ordeal later, as a man I had never considered
  size, faced with the obvious next thing that was going to happen, the cock
  looked huge, but it was average at best. The dental device held the mouth gaping
  open and he thrust it in. It almost filled the mouth and the long vein running
  along the underside of it was rubbing against my bottom set of teeth. It was
  causing him to grow harder and his stroking picked up speed.  
 I was a sight impaled at opposite ends my body full of their manhood and
  me nothing more than the convenient holes for their desire. The cock in my
  ass began to expand and I felt something warm shoot in the anal cavity and
  the penis began to soften and he pulled it out. Moments later, the cock in
  my mouth began to squirt the bitter tasting fluid, he kept thrusting and said, "If
  you know what's good for you, don't spill a drop, bitch."  
 The threat was clear and I was cowed. I kept the foul stuff in my mouth
  as he finished and pulled out he pulled my head up higher to see the white
  semen pooled in my mouth.  
 "Ok, you cock sucking whore swallow it or I swear I beat you senseless.
  I won't touch your tits or cunt, but I will leave you black and blue everyplace
  else." I was convinced, I couldn't close my mouth. So, I used my tongue to
  work it to the back of my throat and gulped it the best I could.  
 Finally, I heard the first voice say, "Let me get in front of her. Hey bitch,
  if you don't want my friend to beat you into a pulp, you best clean up my cock."  
 He pulled my head up to see the cock, it was foul, covered with my shit
  and his cum, but I was defenseless and I complied, I licked the flaccid cock
  with my tongue cleaning the grotesque pudding off his member.  
 When he was satisfied, let my head drop, I was exhausted and spent and this
  was only the first. I heard the second voice say, "Ok our fifteen minutes are
  up and I hear the next guys coming in, let's go."  
 I realized that what seemed to take hours had been done in less than a quarter
  hour.  
 There were greetings exchanged as the next set approached, they didn't even
  talk to me. A voice said, "Ok let's fuck her quick, I want to get back to drinking."  
 The next pair were less engaged. The man in front of me grasp my ears and
  pulled my open mouth in line with his cock and start humping my face, his cock
  was long enough that occasionally he it the back of my mouth near the throat
  and I gagged. His partner, the speaker, wasted no time, the dress was already
  up and the panties were no roadblock, so he took his semisoft pens and pushed
  it into my gaffs wired love hole. The difference was startling, the cock as
  it hardened started to cause my own to respond, for the first time all day,
  I felt some pleasure, but it was short lived, the bastard was faster than a
  thoroughbred. He shuddered and I felt him pull out, I had barely had time to
  start enjoying the feeling. Worse yet, the lingering effects cried out for
  closure, but feeling died as the man pulled out, allowing his semen to drip
  on my thighs.  
 Finally, the cock in my mouth pumped the foul tasting fluid into my mouth
  again, however, all that happened was he pulled out and the cum poured out
  as my head dropped. The second team took only about 10 minutes, but there was
  no rest. The next team was on their way in.  
 My one observation, after the fact, was that the majority of the men that
  raped me were uninspired. Most called me names and slapped me around, then
  sodomized me or face fucked me or just pounded my pussy. Some pairs want the
  same hole and took turns, some wanted to start one hole and finish in another,
  one pair decided to take me up the asshole and in the pussy at the same time.  
 Most of the rapes in the cunt were maybe 6 or 7 minutes in length and I
  have learned that I needed at least 12 to 15 minutes to build to an orgasm.
  All the thrusting did, was to build me up and then deny me any relief. But
  as I was saying, most of the men that night didn't do anything more than insult
  me and then shoot their load.  
 But there were exceptions In all there were 32 rapes of me that night, if
  you count them in pairs. If you counted the individuals there were 65 men and
  a dog. Yes, there was a dog, you might be surprised that the dog was a recipient
  of a blow job not a fuck, that pair of men wanted to take turns on my asshole,
  but they had bonus for me.  
 That experience was very interesting, the dog was a huge Great Dane, Vern
  evidently had planned for this type of situation, if not this specific one.
  I was lifted up and board was slid across two supports the board went from
  my navel to just under my tits. I was fairly weak from about the fourth pair
  on and not able to resist, so I did not have the strength to lift up and I
  just lay there. Strangely enough. it was about half way through and no one
  had uncovered my tits to that point, only my shoulders and neck was bare because
  the dress was strapless.  
 The move to set me up on the board was a surprise, it was a relief not to
  have to support my body myself, it seemed like someone had taken pity on me,
  I found out otherwise. I heard the bark just before the dog was brought up
  to me. It was a deep, loud, mean bark and I jumped.  
 The man holding his chain laughed and said, "See Jake, I promised you a
  bitch and here she is." I was so fatigued, that as terrified as I was, I could
  only moan. One of the men walked behind me and grasp my two red ponytails and
  pulled back forcing me to face Jake, the other man let the chain slacken and
  the dog came up and started to lick my should and neck and then started to
  nose into the right cup of the dress and finally succeeded in freeing my tit
  and then he started to licking it and seemed to enjoy his new plaything, the
  erotic sensors on my artificial tits started to pushing me to moan and groan,
  I was obviously aroused, I tried to fend it off but it was hardwired and the
  sloppy tongue was doing its job in spades.  
 The man with the chain said, "Fuck Jake, I think the bitch is in heat." Then
  that cruel laugh again. After the dog tired of the tit, he worked his way over
  and found my open mouth and the large tongue thrust in to the most ghastly
  french kiss there could be and I was helpless to stop it.  
 I was so engrossed in what the dog was doing that I was surprised when the
  man behind me thrust in to my anus, I noticed it though, because the man's
  girth was wider by half than what had been in there before.  
 At that precise moment Jake's tongue thrust into the back of my mouth and
  throat and I gagged, to the delight of my tormentors.  
 "OK, Jake time for your face fuck." He lifted the dog's paws up and placed
  then squarely on my back. The nails on the dog's paws began to cut into my
  back. All I could do was sob, the dogs' weight was more than enough to trap
  me. The dog's penis was perfectly in line with my mouth and the dog's keeper
  began to massage and stroke it until the tip appeared and the shaft moments
  later. Then he pushed the dog forward and his cock into my mouth and the damned
  dog felt the soft tissue of the inside of my mouth and began to hump, the cock
  growing inside.  
 This had taken more than fifteen minutes because the bastard in my ass had
  finished and stepped off the platform. And I heard, "Sorry, we are taking too
  long." and an answer, "No problem, I wouldn't miss this for the world. You
  want me to hold the dog while you have your go at her?"  
 The guy said sure and walked around to poke me in the ass, but my attention
  was on the dogs cock as it grew in my mouth. I waited for the dog to shoot
  his sperm, but I was not familiar with dogs and was shocked when the cock seemed
  to grow and turn on itself forming a knot bigger around than the space between
  my teeth. The knot was filling my mouth and my protestations were buried in
  the new gag in my face. Without warning the dog's sperm was coursing into my
  mouth and down my throat. I had no choice but swallow it or choke to death.  
 Then came the next surprise, the dog's cock stayed hard and firmly wedged
  in my mouth as Jake continued to hump, about 5 minutes later, the Great Dane
  shot another load in my mouth and still the knot was in place, after about
  another 10 minutes the next ejaculation occurred.  
 The dog's master leaned over and said, "Cunt, the dog can stay hard for
  hours, so we are going to let him fuck your mouth until somebody else wants
  it."  
 At this point my spirit was broken and I was totally humiliated, it occurred
  to me that Vern was right, I was beginning to think death would be a welcome
  relief. I was Jake's bitch, an animal's property. I was demeaned beyond any
  thing I ever could have dreamt. His massive knotted dog cock was locked in
  my mouth as long as they wanted him in there and all the jerks seemed happy
  to have him fucking my mouth.  
 My other holes were being used and I was not even paying much heed to what
  was happening behind me until a particularly mean bastard come up with a new
  torture. I was on my second hour attached to Jake's dong and taking his random
  sperm presents, when I heard, "Hey he said the tits and cunt had to be left
  alone, but he say anything about her asshole?"  
 Suddenly, Jake's cock was secondary. The bastard behind me had my full attention.
  For all the good it did. The man had a cigar and sucked on it until the tip
  was glowing brightly and then he touched to my butt. I jumped as much as my
  restraints allowed. That was a mistake, it told the sadist that it had the
  desired effect. If he had simply contained the burns to the buttocks, I do
  not think I would have paid much more attention, but the torture was worse.  
 The man sucked on the cigar hard, driving to its maximum heat, while he
  spread my ass cheeks with his other hand. Then he pressed the hot tip to the
  rim of my anus.  
 I fainted for the first time in the ordeal, it was only for a few minutes,
  but when I awoke it was only about a minute before Jake filled my throat with
  jism again.  
 The sadist was waiting to see me come conscious again and this time began
  puffing again to prepare for the next touch, but this time as he stoked the
  tip of the cigar, he forced four fingers into my ass and spread the sphincter
  open, I tried to squirm but I was held in place and I lacked much strength
  to resist. Fixed in my mouth, I waited for what I knew was coming. He lowered
  the hot tip inside and let the sphincter snap shut on the tip.  
 The pain is beyond description, I wanted to scream but Jake blocked any
  attempt at that, finally, I just sobbed., I just wanted it to be over, I didn't
  care what happened any more.  
 Jake had started on me around 10:30 and then he pumped my mouth full of
  sperm until around 12:45 just after midnight The cigar incident happened at
  midnight. When Jake had finally been pulled out of my mouth, I had been abused
  non-stop for almost 6.5 hours.  
 The next hour was a blur. I was broken and exhausted and had given up on
  myself. I began to think about what Vern had said, I deserved just what I got,
  I had forced the issue. Vern would have an excellent case that it wasn't rape,
  because it was pretty much what I had described that I wanted.  
 I knew better, I had been forced against my will, even though I had placed
  myself in the situation to guarantee that it would happen, I had wanted to
  call it off, I just was too late. All in all, I was pretty stupid and acted
  like slut and a whore.  
 All that being said, Vern saved the best for last, it was 2:00 am and I
  was thinking that at least, it had all been physical, the barbs and names had
  not hit any target. To this point the rapists had come in pairs and with the
  exception of Jake and the guy with the cigar, I had handled most of it pretty
  well. It was the next four that turned it around, they demolished me and they
  didn't do anything very perversely sexual to me.  
 Visually, I was a mess, my stockings were torn up, my back was bleeding
  and gouged by the Great Dane's claws. My make up was smeared and mussed, I
  was burned by cigarettes on my back and my ass, and of course my asshole was
  going to require medical attention, but I was proud that I still maintained
  my femaleness in the face of all this.  
 I had made the mistake of equating the abuse of rape with sex and beauty.
  That was about to crash as well. The four came in together, that put me on
  alert, it was different, they were all young, playboys, no doubt. They walked
  around me studying my body carefully, there was no cat call or name calling,
  in fact, like some before them did not even act like they knew I could hear
  them.  
 "Geez, I hear that she sucked a dog's cock dry for 2 hours."  
 "Yah, and I heard that she cried when they took him away." There was laughter.  
 "Well guys I guess we better learn to fuck like dogs if that is what women
  want."  
 "What? No, we don't, look at her, Obviously, the dog was just doing a mercy
  fuck."  
 "Hell, I don't know, If I had a wife that did that, I at least would film
  it to sell on the internet." There was another round of laughter.  
 "Well, if she can handle 60 fucks in a night, he could at least whore her
  out in a brothel."  
 "Hell no, look at that fucking ugly face, she would have to be a streetwalker."  
 They continued to circle me. I became uncomfortable, they spoke to each
  other, not to me. The insults were delivered easily and not forced. I wanted
  them to fuck me or make me do a blow job or something, but they continued to
  walk and talk to each other.  
 "I suppose we should do something to her, after all, she fucked around on
  her husband and that is why we are here."  
 "Shit, you really want to stick your dick in any of those holes?"  
 "You have a point, but there ought to be something we can do to her. I mean
  fuck, the slut can't do anything to stop us and I think I want to do something
  dirty to her." There was a murmur of agreement.  
 And still they walked around her. They had to be able to see me making eye
  contact with each one of them, but nothing from them at all. They were ignoring
  me, they could care less about me, like all the rest, but the attitude and
  the behavior was much more demeaning. I wanted to scream, "Fuck me, damn it,
  everyone else has. You do not have the right not to rape me." But anything
  I said was unintelligible. I was irrational, I wanted to get this over and
  they seemed to not want to do anything, but make me wait. It seemed like hours,
  though it was only 10 minutes. They of course knew it was bothering me and
  they played it out, for another 20 minutes, they circled me, saying nothing.  
 They knew what it was doing to me, but they were waiting for moment when
  they had totally broke me. They were enjoying the torment, they knew I wanted
  nothing more than this whole thing to be over and they were holding me from
  that, my limited actions went from frenetic to anger, to rage. I wanted to
  hit them, kick them, stab them, kill them and then it buried me. I realized
  I was powerless. There was nothing I could do to them. They made it abundantly
  clear that I did not have anything they really wanted, I was just a fucking
  piece of shit. I began to sob, not from physical pain. I came to think that
  I was so worthless, I was not even worth killing. The sobbing continued and
  tears streamed down my face. I would do anything they wanted for them to just
  end their little game and I did not have anything worth trading for my release.
  I was totally conquered.  
 That had been the moment they had been waiting to see. They grinned at each
  other. I would have agreed to become Jake's kennel mate if that was what they
  asked and been happy to do it. They were not going to ask that, in fact, what
  they did was only perfunctory rape, it was still against my will, but not resisted..
  They were obviously familiar with the contraption I was on, because they quickly
  altered its configuration. They detached the four thigh bolts and then unzipped
  the back of my dress and pulled the top down releasing my left tit. Then they
  pushed me on my back, then one at a time they straddled me and began to use
  the cleavage between the breasts as a handy fuck hole. As each one came to
  the point of cumming on me, they unmounted me and finished, first in my hair,
  then on my face and if they went long enough, in my ear. Two managed to finish
  in my ears. After they were done each one grinned at me and left me there on
  my back. I was too drained to move, I waited to hear their vehicles start up,
  but I didn't, instead a door opened and shut and moments later, Vern stood
  over me.  
 "Well, Elizabeth, or whatever the hell you real name is. Congratulations,
  64 men are convinced they just fucked... raped a woman. Judging by the state
  you are in, they did it in spades to you. But the last four I watched, they
  really did it to you, they broke you, they owned you, they degraded you, that's
  what got them off. That's what rape is all about, power, not sex and 64 men
  had absolute power over you to do what they wanted, they were only restricted
  by what I told them, not what you did. That was really what it was. You have
  been abused now for over 8 hours, but those four are not quite done with you
  yet, they are waiting outside having a beer. You haven't had your last rape
  though. Like I said 64 men think they just raped a woman, but number 65 knows
  the truth. Number 65 knows he is raping a man."  
 My eyes widened, I knew exactly what he meant and I knew who number 65 was.
  I began to squirm with new found energy. This was ultimately the worst thing
  that was going to happen, everything else I could deal with, but not this,
  Vern was about to rob me of my prize, I tried to find anyway to wiggle free,
  but I had put myself too far into the trap. Vern was going to rape me on camera
  and have me pay $425,000.00 to do it. And I knew the hell of it was he was
  going to fuck me to an orgasm for the only time tonight or this morning. He
  watched my face as I digested it, finally my eyes surrendered. He smiled triumphant.  
 "Ok then the last bit and then I will get you ready to ship. I am going
  to rape you in your mouth and your cunt until you orgasm. Then we are going
  outside, where it is by the way about 10 degrees. You are going to kneel in
  a snowbank and be a urinal for the 5 of us. You are going to swallow all of
  our piss and then you are going to get up and walk into the headlights of their
  cars and you are going to squat and pee for us. Then, I will send them away
  and I will get you in here to warm up. When I decide you are warm enough, I
  will put you back in the box and ship you back We'll talk a little more later
  bitch, but for now, it's my turn."  
 He walked to where he could grab my ponytails and pulled me on my back He
  didn't stick his cock in my mouth right away, first he started to fondle my
  tits. Immediately, the sensors started to do their job, I began to moan and
  my breath began to speed up. He continued and for the first time, I began to
  react to a man's touch, but I didn't want this, he knew I was a man, I wanted
  to just shut it off. But I couldn't. Then, he pushed his penis into the open
  mouth, for a moment or two he continued to fondle my breasts stoking the desire
  for the penis to reach my cunt. But the bastard knew what he was doing. He
  stopped working the tits and started to push in. His cock easily reach my throat
  and about every fifth time he made sure I gagged on it. I could feel his cock
  start to build to ejaculation, when he pulled it out. My breath was short and
  shallow, he was working me to a fever pitch just like a girl. He smiled as
  he moved between my legs and entered the lover's receptacle in the gaff. He
  moved it in and out slowly and began to play with my tits again.. Sweat began
  to form on my brow and on my chest as he worked my body. He stopped again short
  of his own orgasm and mine, finally, I gave him a pleading look, I was asking
  him to make me cum. I didn't care that he knew any more, I just needed to finish.
  He smiled knowingly and began to thrust again and handle the breasts. Steadily,
  he continued and my breaths became staccato and timed to his thrusts, finally,
  it happened, I shook as my cock exploded for the payoff of all the false starts
  since this ordeal began. I was drained, it was a big orgasm. Only after he
  knew I had cum, did he pull out and move back to my mouth. He thrust it in
  and began to pump my mouth until I felt his cock build and explode. I knew
  that he expected to swallow his semen as the final assault on my manhood. Well
  practiced, I did it.  
 He took his wrench and unfastened the rest of the leg restraints and pulled
  me to my feet, I fell of course. He forced me to my feet and started to herd
  me to the barn door. I recovered enough strength to keep myself standing and
  walked to the door and outside. It was cold like Vern promised, my body was
  an instant mass of goose pimples. I was bare from the waist up and I felt it.
  I was pushed to my left and finally, I was forced into the snowbank and forced
  kneel Then they buried me in snow. I was freezing, but they did not make me
  wait long. The first of the five tormentors stood in front of me and started
  the stream into my male mouth, (though to the man it was "her" mouth.) He filled
  my mouth and then pinched the flow off to wait for me to swallow the mouthful
  and then filled it again, until he was finished. He was replaced my tormentor
  number two and then three and four. I gulped as quickly as I could, the cold
  was actually painful. Finally, Vern stood in front of me and pissed into my
  mouth making sure I swallowed each mouthful, at the end, he stuck the end of
  his penis in my mouth to make sure the last drop was squeezed int it. I gulped
  the last load of piss down. Then, he reached down and caught one of my ponytails
  and pulled me up. He pointed me to the semi circle of vehicles one by one with
  their headlights coming on. Vern walked away, leaving me to negotiate the cold
  path there on my own in my 6&quot; high heels and my mouth held open and my
  hands held behind my back. The trip took an excruciating 7 minutes. No one
  came to help. The only way to finish the ordeal was to piss so, I stepped back
  three steps from the center and began to wiggle, shimmy, throw my hips until
  the evening gown finally slipped down to my feet. I stood in the cold in my
  high heels, tattered stockings attached to my garter belt, and my waist cincher.
  I started to make my way forward and thought, "Hell why not take at least one
  moment of control back," but it would be at a price. There was a pile of snow
  next to my first step back. So I "fell" into it, the cold hurt me again, and
  I am sure that the five men enjoyed the spectacle of me struggling back up.
  It probably added another 10 minutes to my trip outside, but it was my attempt
  at staying sane. Finally, I was center stage, I squatted down, but the flow
  would not start, the cold was holding me back, so for 20 minutes I squatted
  in front of five men who no doubt were enjoying my predicament. Finally, the
  need to piss overcame the temperature and I pissed on the ground in full view
  of the men. Then I stood up. One by one the five vehicles started up and drove
  off, leaving me in the snow to make my way back to the barn. I knew Vern would
  wait until I did get inside before returning.  
 I made the difficult trip back to the barn and managed to get the door open
  and stumbled inside. I was shivering. Trying to recover, I walked carefully
  to the platform and sat on the machine that had done so much to me. Slowly,
  the shivering stopped and I felt warm again. 20 minutes later Vern returned.
  He walked in and tossed the dress at my feet, it was warm, I realized he must
  have collected it and had in his truck drying it out and warming it. I looked
  at him, he would have to either undo my bondage or help me back into the dress.
  He walked to me and held the dress as I stepped into it he pulled it up and
  stored my breasts in the cups and then zipped it up. He let me step to platform
  and sit down.  
 "I don't think much of you." He started . "What you let those men... and
  me, do to you, is unimaginable to me. You may have a cock, but you are no man.
  A man, gay men included, has enough pride to be who they are. You are pathetic,
  you are not a woman and you are not a man. Whatever you are you are worthless.
  You know, if you had said stop right up to the time I put that gag on you,
  I would have stopped it, rather, you could have stopped it, but you wanted
  your little charade. Yes, you may have a cock, but you don't own it or your
  body anymore, you will sell it to anyone that will help you with your fantasy,
  just like me. Let me show you how far down the line you are."  
 Vern got up and came to me and using the ponytails forced me to look up.
  Then he worked up a mouthful of spittle and let it drop into my mouth. "Now
  don't swallow until I tell you to." For the next 30 minutes he worked up enough
  spit to fill my mouth to the brim. However, rather than telling me to swallow,
  he went get himself a cup of coffee and then sat and drank it slowly, it took
  20 minutes, in the mean time I sat there with my face up holding a mouthful
  of his spit. Waiting for his permission to not spit it out, but degrade myself
  further by swallowing someone else's body fluids. I considered my little escapade
  outside fooling myself that I was taking back control. I hadn't really, because
  here I was again, waiting for him to tell me what I could do Vern wandered
  back, and sat next to me but still no permission to swallow, the kinky thing
  was I knew I could stop this at anytime, simply by spitting the stuff out.
  But I didn't. I sat here submissively waiting for him to decide when I would
  be allowed to swallow.  
 He continued, with me sitting next to him with a mouthful of his spit, "At
  first I was angry, really angry, but then I realized that if you went through
  with it, I could show you what you really are, a slut and a whore. I want my
  money, but then after I pack you up like so much baggage and ship you off,
  I do not want to have anything to do with you again. If you do ever come to
  me again, I will dress you in high heels and micro mini skirt and a tube top
  and sell you to men that will eventually end up killing you because they didn't
  like the way you smiled at them after they brutalized you. God, look at you
  sitting there patiently with my spit in your mouth, can't you see how pathetic
  you are? Let me really show you how pathetic, swallow and keep your mouth at
  that angle."  
 I did as I was ordered it took three gulps to down it, but I kept my head
  tilted back with the opening of my mouth horizontal to the floor. He stood
  up and unzipped his pants and started to piss into my mouth, I waited patiently
  for him to fill it and then waited. The taste of the bile was awful , but I
  didn't even try to do anything. He didn't need to show me any more demonstrations,
  I knew precisely what I was, I was a slave whore, anybody that wanted me, I
  was their slave whore. I sat there with a mouthful of his piss.  
 "Oh hell, you're useless.." Vern walked away from the platform and finished
  pissing. "Go over and sit on your box, until I am ready for you. I stood carefully
  and walked to the box and sat down, I didn't spill a drop. He walked over and
  released the dental appliance and pulled it out of my mouth and the pool of
  Vern's piss remained in my mouth. He went to the control center for the filming
  and started shutting things down, I believe he was curious if I would hold
  out to the end. Finally, he realized that he was going to miss the pick up
  if he did not start now. "Fuck bitch, swallow it." I closed my mouth and gulped
  it down. He quickly undid the arm restraint and retied the elbow tie, I would
  not fit with my arms in the chicken wing arrangement. He quickly tied my legs
  and feet then he lifted me up and stood me in the box. He began to search for
  the leather blindfold an located it, it was ripped to pieces, I smiled, good
  ole Jake, he was quite the lover and evidently not very house trained. He got
  me kneeling in the box and got the penis gag. He waited for a few minutes,
  probably to see if I would say anything at all about his ongoing lecture. What
  was there to say. It was all true. He took the key to the handcuffs and buried
  it in my cleavage. The man that unpacked me would have a treat, but I said
  nothing, he roughly shoved the gag into my mouth causing me to momentarily
  wretch, but I recovered and he strapped it on, two holes tighter than the man
  that had packed me. I was going to be more uncomfortable on the way back than
  on the way here.  
 Vern spoke for the last time to me in the barn, "Ok Elizabeth or whatever
  your name is slut, I will send you all the copies of the filming we did here.
  I will wait for the courier. You are a fucking cunt and slut whore. You disgust
  me. Do the world a favor get on a slow boat to Thailand and never come back." With
  that advice he pushed me very roughly down and slammed the lid shut and locked
  it  
 The truck made its pick up and I was on my way back to the warehouse. I
  had eight hours to contemplate my future. I was certainly coming back in different
  condition than I was sent out, My sphincter was burned and would eventually
  need medical attention, my back was a crosshatch of Jake's claws cutting my
  back painfully to shreds. Salted in the unmarked places on my back there were
  marks of the cigarette burns that I endured. My hair was caked with untold
  amounts of semen and my clothes were tattered and ruined. I was a mess. I was
  ashamed to be alive. I had given a dog a two hour blow job, men did things
  to me, that most people would not even imagine. I had been raped in my anus
  and in an artificial cunt and in my mouth. I was not any kind of a man at all,
  but I would change all that, it was simple, I would have the implants removed
  from my chest and my crotch, start the hormonal treatment to grow real breasts.
  It would take several years but I was going to trade my cock and artificial
  vagina in for the real deal, what's more I had access to technology that was
  going to make me a real woman.  
 I arrived at the warehouse and was unpacked. The ladies room was equipped
  with a shower so after making my trip to the first toilet, this time though
  I just unzipped the dress and let it drop and walked in. The guys had a very
  good view. Then I went to the shower and cleaned myself up as much as I could,
  mostly I needed to clean out my hair so I could go out in public. I had collected
  my bag of clothes and dressed in front of the mirror. I checked my handbag,
  my keys were there, but no money. I walked out dressed in my red outfit sans
  the pantyhose. I stopped and thanked the man at the counter for all their help
  and won a queer look for my efforts  
 I went out to the road and walked to the nearest thoroughfare and stuck
  out my thumb. It didn't take long, even ugly women get picked up. As I climbed
  up, I saw the sign "Gas, Grass or Ass. No one rides for free." Well, I knew
  what form of payment I was going to use. As I shut the door and he started
  down the road, looked at me and said, "What's it going to be?" Fortunately,
  this rig still had a bench seat, so I slid over next to him and pulled my blouse
  up and pulled the red bra up to let the tit fall free. I took his hand and
  put it right on it and let him fondle it for a minute.  
 "Alright, how far you going?"  
 "With you, all the way, honey. Oh, you mean where am I going to? Taylor
  City."  
 "Ok well we will have to overnight at a rest stop."  
 "That suits me just fine, I want to get you all relaxed and rested for tomorrow." I
  was learning fast how to sell my body. When he pulled over he got the full
  package. First, we played around a little. I let him play with my boobs and
  feel up my cunt. Then I gave him a blow job. Then after he was recovering I
  asked him if he wanted to fuck my ass. I knew my asshole was in trouble because
  it hurt like hell when he stuck his dick in it. Then he took me doggy style
  and when he was done he was pretty tuckered out. I knew he needed to piss though
  and I had a couple of extra surprises for him. I told him to open the door
  and swing his legs out. He was puzzled, but did it, I climbed down to the lower
  step and that put my mouth right at his crotch level. I unzipped his fly and
  pulled his dick out and said, "Go ahead and pee.' I put his cock in my mouth
  and waited. It took a minute but he was flooding my mouth in no time, I gulped
  like mad and managed to get it drank with only some minor dribbling. But I
  wasn't done, "Keep watching stud." I climbed off the bottom step, hiked up
  my skirt and pissed. His eyes were like saucers, As I climbed back in, I said, "That
  was to let them know what they are missing." Just for good measure I leaned
  over when he was in his seat and sucked his cock before he started his engine
  or rather the truck's engine in the morning.  
 I arrived home and the witness, drove by and I showed myself to him. Vern's
  money was as good as on its way to him. I called a doctor and arranged to have
  my anus privately repaired, It was actually kind of simple and while it hurt
  to fuck or take a shit, it only really required some time and medication to
  heal.  
 4 years later I was on my way Thailand, but on an airplane not a slow boat.
  I had a real pair of my own boobs that I grew myself. Two years of counseling
  to verify I was really ready to change genders. I spent a lot of money on my
  looks improving what I could, I went from ugly to good looking, not great looking
  but not bad looking and I was on my way to lose my cock and get my own cunt.  
 Then I am going to look up Vern again, to get properly worked over. Maybe
  I could talk him into another round of gang rape in another part of the country.
  And if he really does pimp me out to get snuffed, that's ok. I learned when
  I was guy doing girls, that most of the females were willing to let you do
  just about anything. Why? I really can't explain it any better than they can.
  I guess it's just a girl thing.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pangent617


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





