BDSM Library - Clinical Teasing




Clinical Teasing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A businessman checks into a sperm bank for a private donation. He is injected with a powerful aphrodisiac subjected to a prolonged series of series of excruciating teases from the doctor and a pair of young oriental nurses.
	Clinical Teasing

	

Chapter 1

	Alexandra contemplated the dark rosette capping her lush breast before
she lifted it to her lips and kissed herself there gently. Her moist tongue
darted between pearl white teeth, flickering lightly over the nipple tip until
the aureole hardened around the wrinkled point. Almond eyes widened and rolled
upward as she moaned softly through a tempting circle of perfect, red lips. Her
face twisted momentarily in an expression of pure animal lust. Recovering
quickly, satisfied she had impressed her patient significantly, she offered the
stiff, wet morsel to Jimmy.

	She allowed herself a small smile, watching him he strain with open lips
to accept her offering. Alexandra held it barely beyond his reach. There were
certain rewards in being head therapist for a sperm bank.

	"How are you feeling Jimmy, darling?" She purred. Soft fingertips
pressed her heavy breast down and arranged it primly, barely contained by the
huge cups of a white lace bra. A cute med-tech on a chrome stool next to his hip
suppressed a giggle as she weighed his heavy balls, kneading them gently.

	"Oh, Doctor Crisp, I'm so horny!" Jimmy strained weakly at the broad
leather straps holding him firmly in place. "Susan is driving me crazy! Couldn't
she please touch my cock just once?"

	The little tease-tech tossed a strand of flaxen blonde hair out of her
eyes and happily raked her specially sharpened nails from his knee to his
puckered anus, leaving five parallel rows of pale stripes on his inner thigh and
the lower slopes of his buttocks.

	"Doctor, please! I'm going crazy...."

	"I know you are, Honey," the doctor cooed mock sympathy. "That's because
you're supposed to be. I'm having you teased, you know." She pouting through
soft lips deliciously painted with deep red lipstick

	"Susan can be quite stimulating, can't she? She really is quite good at
keeping my clients aroused. It doesn't hurt you does it?" The patient had been
strapped to the 'X' shaped examination table for most of the morning, being made
more excited and aroused with each tick of the clock. He'd blocked out his
entire Friday morning for a private donation, and it looked like it was going to
take longer.

	"Please let her touch me there," he begged. Trying unsuccessfully to
thrust his cock into the tease-tech's fingers.

	"No, Jimmy," Alexandra cooed in her best exaggerated sympathetic tone.
She brushed his cheek soothingly. "You don't need to have your cock touched yet.
We'll reserve that for later. After we have aroused you a tiny bit more."

	Although the tease-tech had never touched his cock once, she had taken
him to the brink of orgasm repeatedly and left him teetering, refusing to
provide him the stimulation he needed to be able to cum. Though direct penile
stimulation was reserved for the doctors at the clinic, and for specially
trained nurse masturbatrixes, tease-techs could drive a helpless patient to mind
blowing distraction. Jimmy had never imagined he could be brought to orgasm
without having his cock caressed. The little tease-tech was well aware that
being teased without having his penis touched was a powerful torture in itself.

	"When was the last time you had an orgasm?" Alexandra asked. "Remember I
asked you to refrain from letting yourself come for an entire month. Did you do
it?"

	The med-tech grasped his ball and tugged them downward, squeezing
lightly, ready to provide additional pressure if he did not respond to the
questions promptly and honestly. With the slightest nod from the doctor, a lie
or hesitation would result in crushing pain, something he tried desperately to
avoid in his swollen and sensitive state.

	Jimmy quickly nodded affirmatively. The size of his swollen testicles in
the cute blond technician's palms seemed enormous, bloated by more than a
month's worth of unrelieved cum, now boiling under pressure within. Susan
giggled as she tickled her nails through the coarse hairs of his balls as she
squeezed them, making his sack tingle and swell even more. He watched hungrily
as Alexandra lifted the other heavy breast from the confines of her brassiere.
The doctor's lips crinkled as she held the dark nipple to her mouth, and tongue
tickled the tender berry gently.

	Jimmy groaned through clenched teeth. It had been more than four weeks
of screaming arousal, made especially difficult since, unknown to him, Dr. Crisp
had enlisted the help of his girlfriend in preparing the donation. Nateesha Li
had purposely made it an excruciating wait, tempting him and teasing him almost
to orgasm a dozen times a day, begging him to fuck her while knowing he was not
permitted to cum. More than once, she had needed to restrain him with handcuffs
when his twitching cock told her he was ready to spurt out a copious sampling of
his male juices.

	Alexandra watched his face intently, laughing as she kissed her nipple
to a pointed erection. Susan blew a stream of warm air against the base of his
cock until he gasped for breath. His cock throbbed, untouched, bobbing in the
empty air as his eyes opened wider with lust. Alexandra, reached for the knob,
caressing the air about his shaft without touching it at all. At this point, a
caress could give him sexual relief, however momentary. And sexual relief was
something she would refuse to provide or allow him for some time to come.

	She leaned forward as she teased him, giving him a view into the
cavernous cleavage between her breasts as well as her fingers caressing the air
scant centimeters from his swollen cock. "It's purely an animal reaction, you
know. I'm stimulating you, making your body prepare for mating with my body.
Your sex organ stiffens and enlarges, your skin becomes receptive to my touch,
and certain nerve bundles on your body become extremely sensitive pleasure
centers." As she spoke, she illustrated her instruction, using his body as an
example. She smiled at his groan as she smoothed her palms over his abdomen and
chest under his hospital gown and flickered her manicured nails against his
nipples.

	"Red nails on sensitive nipples. You like that, too, don't you," she
purred as she raked his nipples delicately. "That's good. The more stimulated
you become, the better quality sperm you'll produce and in much greater
quantities. That's the reason you're attached to that cross-to make sure we can
take all the time that's necessary to get your sperm built up past the peak of
normal productivity. If you weren't securely bound, you'd surely masturbate
yourself and spoil the sample."

	She smiled and opened the top drawer of a stainless steel cabinet. "And
now, I think its time for us to increase your potential for arousal
drastically." Alexandra nodded to the med-tech who withdrew a slender syringe
and a small brown bottle from the drawer. Jimmy's eyes bulged as he watched her
fill the needle and thump the bubbles from the tip.

	"Is that the aphrodisiac you told me about?" His voice was thin. Most
clinics sent their customers to a rest room with a test tube and a stack of
men's magazines. He was paying a lot of good money to ensure the very best of
his DNA was preserved.

	"Oh, yes. This is indeed the aphrodisiac. You'll notice the initial
effects immediately. Expect them to build drastically over the next few hours."
The med-tech lifted the hem of his blue gown and dabbed his hip with an alcohol
swab.

	"Hours! How long will I be here?!" He strained against the leather
straps holding him at wrist and elbow, hip and shoulder, ankle, knee and thigh.
"You didn't say anything about hours!"

	"Oh Jimmy. I'm disappointed in you." Dr. Crisp pouted her glossy red
lips, reaching to pat his cheek soothingly. "Sure we did. You signed a release
saying we could keep you here as long as necessary. Hours, days, even weeks. As
long as necessary, remember?"

	"But don't worry, this aphrodisiac is carefully calculated for your body
weight. You'll become extremely aroused, but it won't hurt you.

	"However, with a 'cc' or two more, your arousal would become seriously
exaggerated. You'd become crazed with lust, ready to do anything, say anything,
promise anything in exchange for an orgasm.

	"Double this amount, and you'd become a hugely erect penis with a
tortured male attached, existing only to relieve your uncontrollable sexual
cravings. In a very short time and you'd become ragingly wild with your need to
have an orgasm." Her warm hand caressed his erection casually through the blue
cotton gown, eliciting an immediate groan.

	"And I most certainly assure you, that with your body securely strapped
to that cross as you are, you will find it quite impossible for you to make an
orgasm happen. No matter what, you will just have to wait until I decide to have
one of my nurses milk your cum.

	"You simply will not be able to do anything but suffer and beg to cum.
And our staff is far too well trained to allow an inadvertent orgasm. No matter
how aroused you become, no matter how aroused the tease-technicians and the
aphrodisiac make you, you simply won't be permitted to ejaculate until we decide
your sperm is at the proper levels to be extracted. That takes a long while
sometimes. And it always seems to take longer for the patient."

	"Please don't, I've changed my mind," Jimmy gasped as he watched the
med-tech meaningfully tilted the syringe slowly downward.

	"Ohhh sorry, Jimmy. You're quite committed by now. You really have no
choice now, do you?" She smiled sweetly and patted his cheek as the blonde
technician held the needle up, turning it about slowly in plain sight,
pretending to check the gleaming tip. "We can't possibly stop in the middle of
our little torture session, now can we? Poor helpless horny boy. "

	He shrugged away from the needle as Suzie, smiling brightly, brought it
ever so slowly toward his flesh. The hospital bonds held him perfectly immobile
as the tip of the syringe stung his hip momentarily. The blonde clipped the end
into the Sharps collection bin and tossed the plastic syringe into the trash, as
the first wave of arousal rushed over him.

	Sweat beaded on his forehed and the room took on a warm glow. Alexandra
had suddenly become astonishingly beautiful, and he found himself straining to
reach for her. The technician checked the creaking buckles, tucking in the loose
tip of one of the leather straps. She touched a button on the cross, spreading
his legs even wider. With the hum of a powerful electric motor, the cross arched
outward, forcing his pelvis forward until it seemed his cock thrust far out past
the rest of his body and his balls hung down into empty space.

	"How long?" he groaned as the med-tech applied more straps about his
limbs and torso, rendering him even more helpless. "How long will it take until
I can cum. Please!"

	"Sorry, I can't tell you that," Alexandra whispered. Her breath seemed
hot in his ear, even though she had moved back a step. "As long as it takes.
We'll just have to see about that."

	"Please tell me," he moaned, the knob of his cock seemed to pulse and
quiver with ever beat of his heart.

	"For as long as I feel is necessary," she purred, giving her attention
to tracing the veins of his cock with her nails. She traced the major ones
lightly, making him gasp each time she flicked at the curved corona of his
member. "A long, long time, darling. You have such a long time to go, and you
have only just begun."

	He watched her lips move, luscious and red, curving in a sweet smile as
she spoke. "A member of my nurse-masturbatrix team will be in shortly to
'stimulate' you. I sincerely suggest you treat her very nicely. I'll check in
later." His eyes hungrily followed the seductive roll of the doctor and
med-tech's hips as they stated for the door. Dr. Crisp turned and let her lips
twist into a taunting smirk, "Much, much later. Enjoy the ride, sweetie."

	As her hand reached the doorknob the tease-tech, Susan, turned back,
smiling even more mysteriously. She folded her elbows behind her head and arched
her lush pair of thrusting globes toward him. Heavy, lush breasts threatened to
burst the buttons of her nurse's uniform. His cock lurched upward, threatening
to spurt. Miraculously, only a single drop of precum appeared at the tip and
fell to the floor between his widely spread legs. "OOOOhhh!" she laughed.
"Thanks for the compliment, I'm glad you like me."

	"Please! You can't leave me like this," he begged.

	"But I can," Dr. Crisp laughed, echoed by the med-tech's mocking giggle.
"We can do absolutely anything we want with you now. Try not to cum too soon,
OK?" She blew him a soft kiss in the instant before the door slammed shut,
leaving him naked, helpless and alone to deal with his raging need.




Chapter 2

	It seemed an eternity as he waited, feeling his cock throb and pulse
angrily, unable to touch himself. The brush of the soft robe against the base of
his swollen shaft was maddening. Under the effects of the aphrodisiac, even the
currents of air in the room seemed to tickle the knob like a hundred maddening
feathers. He wished he could stroke himself just once, hating himself for
letting himself get into this. He was becoming more aroused than he had ever
been, even all alone and untouched. And the masturbatrix hadn't even arrived to
begin his stimulation. He wondered how bad it could be when a nurse-masturbatrix
went to work on him.

	A soft knock on the door came a spilt second before it opened, and a
cute, young nurse entered. Her sheaf of long black hair swirled around the
shoulders of her white lab coat as the door closed behind her. "Good morning. My
name is Pennyko, I'm a licensed masturbatrix, and I'll be your tease bitch
today. If there is anything I can do to make your stay more comfortable, please
let...."

	"Hey! Jimmy! They didn't tell me you were coming here!" Pennyko was
genuinely surprised at seeing her mother's boyfriend preparing to make a private
donation to the sperm bank. "I could have made special arrangements for you if
I'd known you were coming, or not cumming as the case may be," she giggled,
observing the state of his obvious arousal. "Fumiko and I have been doing our
internships here for almost a year, you know."

	He didn't know. And he might have gone to a different clinic if he had
known the twins were working in the clinic. Her eyes followed the silhouette of
his gown until she eyed the enormous tent where his drug enhanced erection
thrust out. "I see Doc Crisp and Susan have done the preliminaries."

	"Pennyko. Maybe you should get another person. Or turn me loose. I
mean...," he stuttered.

	"Absolutely not!" She smiled a sparkling smile. "You are mine, all mine.
At least for the rest of the day." Even without the drugs she was dazzlingly
beautiful. Her mysterious Asian eyes and daring, come-hither smile made his cock
lurch even though he tried to suppress it. Under the effects of the aphrodisiac,
he wanted to wrap his arms around her, throw her to the floor, make love to her.

	"You don't know how much I've always wanted to get you like this," she
purred, moving close enough for him to feel her heat. The musk of an exotic
perfume made his head spin, permeating his mind with bolts of lust. "How could I
think of letting someone else service you? I promise, I'll make you give out the
largest sperm sample in history before I'm through." She began to unbutton his
robe, letting it fall open, exposing his naked body.

	"I'm going to get you so turned on, you'll spurt out a gallon of sperm
the very first time I make you cum," she purred, reaching to tweak a sensitive
nipple. As she spoke, she pinched it hard, twisting it until he writhed in lust
on the cross. "Maybe even the second time too! After that, who knows..." She was
becoming quite enthusiastic about stimulating his sperm production.

	"I'm going to tease the HELL out of you. Your balls will be as fat as
ripe purple plums before I let you come... They might even burst before you get
to cum... Which will be much, much later. I may not ever let you cum... You
won't believe how good I am at teasing a man's cock- professionally speaking, of
course.




Chapter 3

	"That's good," she purred, releasing her punishing grip on his nipple,
"because we have so much to do. Mommy is going to be so pleased when I tell her
all about you visiting my clinic! Won't it be cool when she finds out?"

	"Pennyko please!" Jimmy pleaded, thinking of Fumiko's spin on his being
tease-masturbated by her daughter, professional or not. With his legs spread
wide, and strapped to the arched cross, he was a bit lower than Pennyko. He
looked up into her excited young face, not knowing if he wanted to escape or to
seize and kiss her soft, pink lips. "Let's not do this, OK? I might want to be
turned loose."

	"No way. I've masturbated and teased the sperm from a dozen cocks a week
for over two years here, and I'm not letting yours go. You've got to cum a whole
lot before I'm ready to unbuckle you, wanna bet?" Pennyko replied. She placed
her hands on the hips of her lab coat and smiled coyly, "Anyway, I just might
want to see what kind of cock mommy likes to play with."

	"Besides, you signed the release, right? So I don't think you have any
choices about anything for quite a while. You're going to be tease-tortured for
a long, long time before any one who matters thinks you are ready to have your
sperm milked whether you like it or not. And I'm the one who has the pleasure of
cock-teasing you.

	"And believe me, doing this to mommy's boyfriend is going to be a very
great pleasure. I'm going to masturbate you ever so slowly. And then I'm going
to tickle your cock until you go insane You'll be out of your mind way before I
finally milk you off. I'm really good at this, you know.

	"So let's get you started." She reached into the top drawer and pulled
out another needle and syringe. "I'll even throw in a few more drops for good
luck."

	"Wait!" Jimmy's voice was urgent as she tossed the wrapper into the
trash, and filled the tube from the brown bottle.. "Dr. Crisp already gave me
the aphrodisiac. I've already had it.!"

	"Don't get funny with me, Daddy. All the patients try that one with me
and it never works." She swabbed his hip and pricked him with the slender tip.

	"Now look. There are some rules. First, and most important, you have to
call me "Nurse', not 'Pennyko'. And second, you have to answer all my questions,
no matter what I ask, or I'm allowed to use this." She reached into the second
drawer and withdrew a nasty looking braided cat-o-nine-tails, and gave the whip
a swishing swing. "We have some others, but I like using this one.

	"If you don't make me happy I'll use it without hesitation, and in your
sensitized state, it won't take very much." She placed the cat within easy reach
and began to unbutton her lab coat.

	"I know you do hope you were always nice to me, don't you?" she smiled
mysteriously. "I'm trying to remember how good or bad you might have been."

	Jimmy squirmed, trying to remember how he had treated her. Not a single
specific incident came to mind.

	She lay a hand on his chest and brushed slowly downward, emphasizing his
helplessness. "Oh yes, I see you are trying to remember. But I do. I remember
very well. Now let's seeee....hmmmm."

	She turned the syringe slowly before his eyes, taunting him with it.
"Where would you like the little shot, Daddy-baby? In the shoulder isn't too
bad. The hip is pretty good, too, or the buttocks."

	She lowered the needle meaningfully, and lifted his swollen testicles in
her palm. "Or. How about in the balls. That would get the aphrodisiac right down
there where it would do the most good.

	"Or how about right in the knob of your cock. That would get right to
the point, don't you think?" His rigid cock thrust out hard and erect, and she
circled the tip with the gleaming needle.

	"Wadda you think, Daddy? You want it in the cock, right?"

	"Noooo, Pennyko, please!"

	"The balls, then. You want it in the balls!" She pricked him sharply in
the balls as she tugged them downward. A single drop of the aphrodisiac injected
into his flesh, making a hot flash of pure lust wash over his loins.

	"Ngharrr! Noooo. Not my balls!" Jimmy strained at his bonds, but was
perfectly unable to stop her.

	"Just teasing. Its all part of the fun, you know. I can only give this
to you in the hip."

	For a moment, she was all business. She swabbed a spot on his right
buttock and quickly injected the serum. He swallowed hard, waiting for the true
torture to begin.




Chapter 4

	The rush of lust from the second injection hit him just as her smock
pooled around her red stiletto pumps. Under the effects of the serum, Jimmy's
eyes nearly popped out of his head at the sight of her luscious body. Black bra
and panties, with red hose and garter belt, matched red high heels that seemed
to lift her to the ceiling above him.

	His cock jerked and twitched just as it did right before an orgasm, only
this time it bobbed untouched in empty air. He fought briefly at his bonds, to
no effect. He couldn't have her and he couldn't do anything to make himself come
no matter how much he wanted to.

	Pennyko bent and straightened the lacy tops of her red net hose,
pointing one toe and then the other toward him. "Good little girls wear white,"
she said as she kicked the white lab coat aside, " and I'm definitely not a good
little girl."

	Jimmy stared helplessly at Penny's spectacular body as she turned slowly
before him. Her mother was a slender, tightly built oriental, dark and
mysterious, while Pennyko's father had been a hulking blonde brute of a Viking.
Penny inherited her mother's lean build and inscrutable eyes, as well as the
lush hips and buxom breasts of her Scandinavian side. Her mother described her
as an oriental Valkyrie.

	"Bad girls wear black," she smirked as she unsnapped her black bra,
whirled it around her head, and tossed it away, too. Darkly nippled globes
jiggled as if they were on springs.

	"And I'm only a little bit bad." She hooked her thumbs in the waist of
her black panties smoothed them past her rounded hips, and pulled them down her
legs to the floor. She bent from the waist, letting him take a good long look at
her lush hips and plush hanging breasts, and the smooth peach of her sex pouting
back at him. A new drop moisture glistened at the tip of his erection.

	 "A tease wears only red," she said as she turned toward him. Her red
stiletto heels clicked together, making her thighs quiver beneath the red
thigh-high stockings. "That's the color of sex and the whore house door, you
know. And a tease gets everything she wants." Pennyko moved closer, bracing
herself against the cross he was strapped to so that she could graze her bare
nipples across the front of his chest.

	"Would you give me everything I want, Daddy?" Soft lips brushed his
cheek, ignoring the fact that his entire body strained helplessly toward her.
"Would you give me whatever I ask for?"

	"Yes, Pennyko! Anything you want." His voice cracked with need. "Just
make me come." The aphrodisiac galvanized his nerves, and skyrockets of helpless
need blasted through his body, sending explosions of lust into his brain.

	"Not 'Pennyko'. Call me 'Nurse', OK," She smiled sweetly and lifted the
cat. "I warned you about that. Now I get to whip you. I really like this part,
you know." She swished it once in a figure eight before his bulging eyes,
letting the braided tails flair open as it sizzled through the air, then slashed
it across his open thighs. Nine sizzling red stripes painted a wide swath over
his thigh and around his buttock.

	"Ngahh!" he cried, jerking at his bonds. "Please don't." She ignored his
cry and swirled the cat through the air once more, letting him anticipate the
pain. Then she let him feel the burn of the knotted tips again twice more,
sizzling once across each of his inner thighs, dangerously close to his bursting
balls.

	"Remember, call me 'Nurse" from now on," she said calmly, laying the cat
on a table in plain view.

	Smooth fingers brushed through the fine hairs behind his neck as she
nuzzled his ear with her lips. She cooed in taunting baby talk, breathing hotly
into his ear. "Sorry, but it really turns me on to whip a man."

	She kissed and caressed him, making love to him on the cross. Her
fingers did wonderful things to his flesh as she pressed her body against his,
speaking close to his ear.. Her voice was teasing and purring. The baby talk
turned him on and made him want her. "Sometimes we get a man in here from the
jailhouse.

	"The always send the offenders over to be punished. We strap them down
like you are, only we give them even more of the aphrodisiac. Stimulants, too.
And a hallucinogenic drug.

	"The get so turned on, they don't know what planet they are on. The only
thing they care about is getting to cum. And that's what they can't do. All the
girls get to tease them. They get teased for days. The stimulants keep them
awake the whole time. Really makes them crazy.

	"But the part I like is torturing them-whipping them." The baby talk was
driving him wild. "At the end, I get to whip them until the cum from it. The
shoot big-time, all jerking and bucking and screaming and they can't tell if the
whip hurts or feels good. And the cum! All over the place!

	"And then, after he cums from being whipped, without even having his
cock rubbed or sucked, we get to milk him." She purred her baby voice against
his neck as she nuzzled and kissed him.

	"Do you know what milking is? That's when we masturbate you over and
over again. Make you shoot until there's nothing left to shoot. Even when you
cum, there's nothing there. They spurt until they're dry, and then we keep on
and make their bodies cum again and again.

	"They beg not to cum. But we make them anyway. Strapped down, the drugs
keep their cocks hard and turned on. There's nothing they can do about it as we
stroke and caress and suck them and make them cum time after time. They beg, but
we get to torture them anyway. We punish them with too many orgasms.

	"Afterwards, I'm so turned on I have to get fucked or die. Sometimes,
I'm tempted to fuck a patient."

	"Do you want to fuck me," she purred. "Do you want to fuck Mommie's
little daughter?"

	He nodded hopefully.

	"I asked you a question. You have to answer, or I get to whip you. Do
you want to fuck me?"

	"Yes please!"

	"Have you ever wanted to fuck really, really badly?"

	"I want to right now!"

	"Sorry. You don't get to." She smiled broadly, showing him her teeth.
"Too bad for you."

	Her hands on his cock were insistent, making him want to hold her, but
strapped to the cross, he could only deal with the teases she offered.




Chapter 5

	"You know, Daddy. I really love this job. Its sort of like being paid to
be a mean, teasing little bitch."

	She grasped his balls and squeezed gently, slowly increasing the
pressure until he could not catch his breath. She punctuated her words with a
squeeze for each syllable, "You.. don't.. think.. I'm.. a.. mean. teasing...
little..bitch.. do.. you?"

	"Nng-no," h managed to croak.

	Her squeezing fingers turned to caressing fingers, sliding delicately up
and down his erection. She caught the knob bellow the head and jerked it gently,
pulling at it rhythmically until his balls began to ache from needing to cum.
She circled the knob gently, twisting about until he threw his head back and
groaned out loud.

	Pennyko laughed and pressed her lush body against his, tucking her lips
against his neck and cooed warmly, "Come on, Daddy. Don't you think I'm a little
bit of a bitch?" Her fingers around his knob coaxed him on. Still he denied it.

	"Come on. Admit it," she breathed into his ear, "tell me I'm a mean
little bitch. Please...? A mean little teasing bitch"

	"No, I can't say it." She knew just how to squeeze and caress his knob,
and she coaxed it rhythmically as she rubbed her body against him. He strained
at his bonds as she ground her pubic mound into his thigh and tugged softly at
his swollen shaft.

	She purred softly in baby talk, her tongue tracing his ear tenderly.
"Come on, Daddy. You know I'm a bitch. I'm a cock-teasing little bitch, right?
Why don't you admit it. Don't you really think I'm just a little bit of a mean,
cock-teasing bitch"

	With her tongue tickling about his ear and his whole body surging in
response to her rhythmic masturbation, his world was spinning wildly. Finally,
he could not resist her goading any longer. He surged once more against his
bonds and gasped out, "Ok, I admit it. You're a bitch."

	"Really? Ohhh, Daddy! You do? What kind of a bitch? A little bitch? Am I
a cock teasing little bitch?" She raked his shaft with her nails lightly,
scraping at the divot below the knob. sending electrical charges through his
whole body.

	"Tell me! Daddy..Ohhhhh! Call me a bitch! Please call me a little
bitch."

	"Yes. Sure. You're a cock-teasing bitch. Please let me cum!"

	Pennyko laughed softly against his cheek and traced her tongue slowly
around the outline of his ear. Knowing fingers kept raking his cock with
sharpened nails. "Oh, Daddy! A big bitch or a little bitch? Don't you think I'm
a just little bitch?"

	"Please!"

	"No tell me first. Call me a little bitch." Her breath was hot in his
ear, burning into his brain. He tried to thrust against her hand, but his bonds
held him firmly. She was driving him crazy. "Let me hear you say it....."

	"Please!"

	 "Not yet. You have to say it, Daddy."

	"Bitch."

	"All of it. Come on. Say it all!"

	"Bitch. Cock teasing little bitch." He could barely croak it out.

	Suddenly her fist was around his balls, squeezing hard enough to make
him cry out. Jolts of searing pain crashed around him. "I'll show you a bitch!
Don't you dare call me a bitch, you fucking asshole!"

	The cat of nine tails faired in the air and branded his thighs. He cried
out as over and over again she flailed at him, raking his flesh with the cat
until he was criss-crossed from head to toe with brilliant, red stripes.

	Finally, he hung gasping in his bonds, almost sobbing, in awe of the
sudden ferocity of her attack. Then, just as suddenly as she had started, she
laid the cat calmly aside and pressed the soft, soothing nudity of her naked
body against his burning flesh and cooed, "There, now. Do you still think I'm a
cock teasing bitch?"

	"Please!"

	"No. I need you to tell me!"

	"I can't"

	"Well, how about if I do this?" She sunk down on her knees and took his
half swollen member in her lips, sucking as hotly as the cat had stung him. His
cock stiffened instantly, swelling into a rigid shaft in her sucking mouth. Her
lips and swirling tongue were magical. Dark hair flew as she pumped his cock
into her mouth, working her head up and down on quick, slurping strokes.

	The clock ticked on as she worked him up, bring him rapidly toward
orgasm. Strapped to the cross, there was nothing he could do as she vacuumed and
pumped, caressing his balls and masturbating the base of his shaft. Hot cum
surged in his balls and his loins clenched as the beginning of orgasm started
forth.

	Suddenly, just as the first hot blast was entering his shaft, in the
instant before clenching cock muscles could jet it out, she pulled away, leaving
his cock bobbing and twitching untouched in empty air.



	Her little laugh mingled with his anguished groan, echoing off the
walls. "So there, Daddy. Now don't you think I'm a cock teasing little bitch?"

	She watched his cock throb without reaching to touch it, then turned to
wag her bare bottom inches from the tip of his knob. "Come on, you know I must
be a bitch, now. Wanna fuck a little bitch?"

	Bent from the hips, she placed her palms flat on the floor. Perfectly
rounded cheeks, as dark as burnt amber, flexed in slow rhythm inches from his
aching knob. Her waxed and polished pussy winked a welcoming pink eye, beckoning
to his hungry cock.

	"Please come fuck me, Daddy."

	"Pennyko!"

	"Nurse!"

	"Yes. Nurse. Please!"

	"Then call me a bitch!"

	"I can't!"

	"Why not? I want you to...." Her hands were insistent and loving.

	"You'll whip me again."

	"Of course I will." She kissed his cheek, tonguing her way to his mouth.
"But I want you to do it anyway. Pleeease...call me a bitch. I know how to make
you say it."

	She turned and bent again, grazing his cock with the cleavage of her
dusky bottom cheeks. "Oh, nurse, that feels so good!"

	"Then do it." She reached back and grasped his balls, pulling his cock
down toward the entrance of her pussy and squeezed lightly. "I said to call me a
bitch!"

	"No please! Don't make me say it."

	Her fingers gripped harder, crushing his balls. "Say it, Daddy. Say it
now!"

	"Bit..B...bitch..tch."

	"The whole thing." Her grip tightened. Red nails glinted as strong dark
fingers squeezed rhythmically around his balls.

	"Bitch. You're a cock teasing little bitch," he croaked out as her
fingers tortured his balls. "Please don't whip me...." It was too late.

	Once more the cat faired widely, long braided strands searing the air in
their rush to burn his flesh. Time after time they spread and kissed him with
their fire until his body was aflame with crossed stripes.

	This time she didn't stop as quickly, working him slowly and carefully,
circling him to strike painstakingly thoroughly. He cried out his pain, writhing
helplessly in his bonds, unable to escape her singing whip.

	Jimmy barely noticed when she grasped his shrunken cock and began
masturbating him between lashes of the cat-of-nine-tails. His cock hardened
swiftly in her fingers, regardless of the whip, and the mixture of pleasure and
pain sent his mind spinning wildly, taking him to heights of sexual arousal he
had never experienced.

	"Call me a bitch!"

	"No, please!" The cat seared him again.

	"Then come fuck me, Daddy." She pressed against him and kissed him
softly. "I want you to fuck me."

	"I can't. Please. I mean I want to! No, I don't want to, Oh god,
please!"

	"Then I'm a bitch, right?" She masturbated his cock at double speed, her
slippery hand flying up and back in a blur over his shaft. Just as he was on the
brink and ready to spurt, she stepped back and lashed him viciously twice more.
"Admit it. I'm a cock teasing little bitch."

	Suddenly, Pennyko pressed herself against him, grinding his slippery,
rigid cock against her equally slippery pubic mound. She folded her arms behind
her head so that her breasts thrust out invitingly. Dark nipples, hard with
desire jiggled tantalizingly inches from his lips. She giggled as he licked his
lips and reached for a nipple. With his head strapped down, she could easily
hold it just out of his reach.

	"Now am I being a bitch, Daddy?" His cock slipped into the nook at the
top of her pussy, but she had no intent of letting him enter. She grazed his
cheeks with soft breasts and stiffened nipples.

	"Nurse!"

	"So why don't you fuck me, Daddy?" She giggled softly, mocking him.

	"I can't"

	"Because I won't let you, will I, Daddy?"

	"No!"

	"So I'm being a teasing little bitch, right? She bit his neck softly,
tonguing the tiny marks, sending shivers through his racked body. "Tell me,
Daddy."

	"I can't....."

	"Say it, Daddy."

	"Please!"

	"You'll make me whip again you if you don't say it. Don't make me whip
you." His cock was sliding up and back in the shallow cleavage at the top of her
pussy.

	"You'll whip me if I say it."

	"And I'll whip you if you don't." She pressed harder against him,
grinding on his cock. She was making him cum against her tender mound.

	Pennyko kissed his ear and cooed in a soft little girl voice. "Please
say it. Say, 'cock teasing little bitch', Daddy. Call me a bitch."

	He was almost ready to cum. His loins were clenching, and she could feel
him tensing against her. She almost slithered against him, urging him on. She
snuggled against him, humping his cock, purring in his ear, teasing him with
baby talk.

	"Tell me. You know I'm being a bitch, Daddy."

	"No."

	"Then fuck me."

	"Can't!"

	"Because you're all strapped down, Daddy. Your helpless. And I'm making
your cock all hard. And you can't do anything about it.

	"I could make you cum right now If I wanted to. It would be so easy. But
I won't let you. Don't you want to cum?"

	"Yes, I need to cum."

	"Why can't you, Daddy?"

	"Because you're teasing me!"

	"Yes, I'm teasing you." She could feel him getting ready to spurt
against her warm tummy. In the instant before he could shoot, she deftly moved
aside, still pressing against his side, but leaving his cock bobbing in empty
air once more. I like doing this to you. Its fun!"

	He groaned out loud as she laughed into his neck. "So now am I a bitch
again?"

	"B....," he started, then bit the word from his lips. "P..please, I'll
do anything."

	"Anything, Daddy?" she raked a single fingertip just once up the length
of his aching cock. "Would you give me things?"

	"I'll give you anything!" He gasped out loud as she caught a male nipple
and tweaked it around sharply.

	"What would you give me, Daddy? Pretty things? Expensive pretty things?"

	"Yes, anything!"

	"I get all kinds of gifts. What do you want to give me?"

	"Anything!"

	"No be specific. What are you going to offer?"

	Just as he was about to answer, she jerked her knee up into his balls.
Jimmy turned alternately red, then white, then a color of green. His cock wilted
as he cried out.

	"Awww, that's got to hurt. Let me make it better." She knelt and kissed
his aching balls, caressing his stomach and tickling his cock. It took a few
moments for him to recover from the pain, but his cock grew ramrod straight.
Soon, she had him writhing and gasping to cum once more.




Chapter 6

	 "Now, you were telling me what would you give me?" she stood and
pressed her willing body against his, rubbing her smooth mound against his hip.

	"Anything, just please.....!" He jerked in a rictus of pure frustrated
lust as she delved her tongue into his ear and kissed her way across his face.
Her thumb caught his chin and pulled it down gently, opening his mouth, invading
it worth her tongue.

	 Their tongues battled for a moment while she kissed him thoroughly.
Unexpectedly for him, the kiss was stifled by the intrusion of a reinforced
leather gag she popped into his credulous open mouth. His eyes flew open, but
there was nothing he could do but submit as she buckled it firmly behind his
neck. A strap passed over his forehead and buckled behind his head.

	"But you have to tell me what you'd give me, or I can't let you cum. And
then I'll have to tease you more and more to find out. You don't want me to
tease you, do you?" The string ties of his gown were easy to pull apart, and she
tugged bits of it through the straps and let his gown to the floor fall between
his spread legs.

	She leaned closer and kissed his cheek, trailing hot lips in a fiery
brand across his neck, along the edges of the gag straps. He could feel the tips
of her nipples burning across his chest. A web of perfumed, black hair fell
across his eyes as she kissed him, filling his mind with visions of fairies and
darkness and hot ejaculations.

	 "Daddy? Please tell me Daddy," she whispered. "What would you give me
if I let you cum? What would it be? Couldn't you give me a little hint?"

	Soft fingers found the tip of his cock and circled it gently. "You were
going to tell me," she cooed, whispering soft sighs against his neck. "Why won't
you tell me now?"

	Electric motors hummed as she lowered the cross toward the floor. It
moved smoothly until it lay horizontal, only two feet above the floor.

	 His erection ached as she stepped astride his hips and let his cock
slip between the hairless folds of her pussy. "Is that what you want? Do you
like having your cock almost in my pussy?"

	"Yes! Dammit! Yes!" he wanted to howl through the gag. "Just come on and
put it in," but the gag allowed only the most inarticulate grunts to pass.

	She quickly rose from his cock, leaving it bobbing in the air. Cool air
chilled his him as the moisture from her pussy evaporated from his cock. "But I
can't let you do that until you tell me. I'm so sorry. Your cock can't go there
until you tell me what you'd give me if I let you come." He could only strain
and groan as she raked her nails up the length of his cock. "If you won't tell
me, I'll have to keep this up for hours and hours. And make you all horny and
tease you and be mean and make you want to fuck me but not let you do anything
about it."

	A sheen of sweat bathed Jimmy's body, and he lay wide-eyed and trembling
in his bonds before Pennyko finally relented. The clock behind his head showed
that time had passed somewhat, but not enough to grant him his freedom or his
relief.

	"You know how some girls tease you and then won't do anything about it?
Mean little girls, who make your cock all hard for the fun of it, and then laugh
in your face, knowing you'll have to jack yourself off later, probably thinking
of them and their teasing fingers and their hard nipples and their soft, warm
lips?" She caressed his face as she spoke, soothing him, helping him relax as
his eyes began to focus properly again. He nodded faintly.

	"You know how they tease you and leave you? And make you suffer? Well, I
won't do that." She leaned close to him and purred warmly into his ear. "I won't
tease you and refuse to do anything about it."

	Hope brightened his face as she took his straining member in her fist
and began to masturbate him up and down. She squatted over his cock and pressed
the tip into the very entrance of her hot cunt. The heat of her pussy made his
head swim. Perhaps his torture was about to be over. Perhaps she was going to
make him cum, milk out his juices, give him relief from the hours of teasing he
had endured.

	 "I'm going to tease you, and do something about it. I'm going to tease
you and make it worse. And then when you're screaming and crazy, that's when
I'll leave you. And you know what? You won't even be able to jack yourself off.
I'll leave you strapped down so that you have to deal with all that sexual
frustration all alone."

	"And then, I'm going to bring friends and we're going to do it all over
again, only much worse."

	Jimmy was on the verge of cumming when she released his cock. Pennyko
waited a precise minute and then did it again. While the big hand circled the
clock another hour, Pennyko brought him to brink a dozen times, releasing him at
the last moment before he could shoot.

	"See," she cooed, gripping his balls with both hands, tugging them
downward slowly and smoothly in her oiled fists. "I'm not a mean little girl.
I'm a mean big girl!"

	Jimmy groaned and arched outward toward her, following her pull on his
balls as far as the bonds would let him. "But Jimmy," she purred, breaking into
his pain streaked erotic delirium, "That's all for now." She released his cock,
and tested his swollen balls.

	"Full, but not full enough." I'll have to get some help and come back
later for more slippery fun. She wiped her hands on a hospital towel and tossed
it into the bin.

	As she pulled her smock over her bare shoulders and closed the front
over her glorious breasts, she quipped, "I can't wait to tell Mommy! She'll be
so surprised. I think I'll call her on my cell right now."

	Her hips rolled tantalizingly as she sauntered toward the door.




Chapter 7

	Jimmy suffered only a short time before the door opened. The slender
blonde who entered wore a thigh length smock with the number '1" embroidered on
the left breast.

	"One" she announced. Electric motors hummed as she raised the
cross-shaped table to waist height.

	Without another word, she slapped Jimmy soundly across the face. Then,
she smacked him sharply across the side of his buttock once with a riding crop.

	His head was still spinning as she applied a squirt of oil to her hand
and brought him quickly to the brink of orgasm with brisk strokes. And stopped
him. Once. Very gently, she smoothed the oil up the length of his body, tweaking
each of his nipples. Once. She kissed him. Once. With a smile, she leaned and
petted his cheek, then turned and left him gasping. The whole procedure had
taken exactly one minute.

	Two minutes later, the door opened. Two girls entered. They were so
similar they might have been twins. One wore a pink floral bikini bottom. Her
bare pale breasts wobbled gently as she moved.

	The second wore the matching bikini top, leaving her densely furred
pubic mound fluffy and exposed.

	"We're Two," they announced in unison. Each of them slapped his cheeks
resoundingly; first one cheek, then the other; first one girl, then the other.
It left his face and his pride stinging. His vision was barely refocusing when
the girls each seized one of his nipples.

	"That's one," the first announced as she tugged the sensitive bud and
twisted it hard. And held it.

	"Here's two" the bikini blonde announced as she tugged his second nipple
in the opposite direction and twisted it. Hard. And held it.

	Simultaneously, the girls attached a pair of chromed clamps to each
nipple, leaving him gasping in pain. He looked down at the sharply bitten nubs
just as the bare breasted twin seized one of his testicles and pulled. "One"

	"Now, Two." The other twin seized his other testicle and pulled in the
opposite direction. His mind swam in pain.

	Still stretching his balls, the first one twin circled her fingers just
below his knob and masturbated him firmly upward on his shaft, while then the
other twin circled her finger and thumb near the base and masturbated him
downward on his shaft. Each twin gave him two strokes.

	 Then the first caressed his length lightly upward, and the second
caressed him lightly and delicately downward. Over and over they repeated the
torture, one, two, one two, firm, gentle, until he was going wild to cum.

	"One" the bare breasted twin announced. Suddenly they changed the
rhythm. The twin's hand began to blur as she masturbated him rapidly. Just as
she had him at the brink, she stopped.

	 While the first twin giggled at his plight, the second repeated the
performance, taking him rapidly to the brink and suddenly stopping.

	 Next, the took turns alternately tugging his back and forth balls,
until the urge to cum subsided into a sea of pain.

	"Two" the bare bottom twin announced. She began to caress his cock
lightly until he needed the firm strokes more than ever. He was crazy for an
orgasm before she was through.

	Each of them took a riding crop from the table and they alternately
struck his buttocks, first one, then the other. Twice each. They both laughed
and left him gasping.

	 Only minutes later the door opened again, this time to allow a blonde,
a brunette and a redhead.

	"We're"

	"Number"

	"Three"

	The were dressed in traditional nurses uniforms, although the dresses
were a little too tight for a traditional nurse. Jimmy quickly noted the
uniforms were not the typical cotton, but were of white latex.

	"You're in trouble," the first nurse smiled.

	"Double trouble," the second quipped.

	"Make that triple," the third laughed. "We're the RN's"

	 "RN-M's"

	"Guess what that stands for?"

	"Rubber nurses. We're the Rubber nurse masterbatrixes."

	"So guess what were going to do?"

	"We're going to masturbate you."

	"Three times."

	"Each.

	"But first, a booster shot."

	The blonde poured a handful of oil and began to masturbate him. He was
so hot and horny that it took only a few seconds for her to have him on the
brink once more. As she was taking him to the edge of insanity, the brunette
leaned and kissed him, leaving scalding, red lip imprints on his neck and torso.
His nipples screamed beneath her fingers as she tweaked his sore tips.

	While the blonde and brunette made sure he was arriving at the point of
no return, the redhead showed him the needle. Even as the blonde's fingers drove
him to distraction and the brunette's kisses goaded him on, Jimmy tried
valiantly to escape the needle. But the redheaded nurse only smiled and pricked
him with the needle anyway.

	She was clipping the tip into the Sharps container when the aphrodisiac
hit him. Already nearly insane to be made to cum, the booster of aphrodisiac
serum drowned him in a sea of sexual delirium.

	Over and over they masturbated him. Three times for each nurse,
masturbating him to the brink. Three times each cruel nurse laughed as he had
his relief snatched away. He spun mindlessly in a vertigo of latex breasts,
lipstick kisses and slippery oiled caresses.

	He almost cried when their time was up and the rubber nurses left him to
suffer alone.




Chapter 8

	He wondered if he would have to endure four or five and six when the
door opened again. Not surprisingly another pair of girls entered, but these
were Pennyko and Fumiko, his girlfriend's daughters.

	"We call that one-two-three-go." Fumiko laughed. Not every patient gets
that kind of treatment, but then not every girl gets to tease her mother's
boyfriend into producing a ton of cum.

	"Or have him tortured however they want to." Pennyko smirked as she
caressed his aroused body.

	"You know what we did? We called mother, and she doesn't know where you
are. In fact, I'll bet you didn't tell anyone where you are." She drilled a
slender finger into his anus until she was tickling his prostate. A single
strand of cum dribbled out.

	"So you know what? We could keep you here and torture you all the way,
even for days and days, and no one would ever suspect."

	"Fun, huh?"

	Jimmy shook his head negatively.

	"Oh, sure it is," quipped Fumiko. "Here, let me show you something
you'll get really excited about." She whispered something to her sister.

	Penny's face brightened. "Yeah! Excited! You are really in trouble now!"
Her breasts wobbled as she stepped to the side and gave her sister the floor.




Chapter 9

	Dr. Alexandra Crisp closed the door gently behind herself. She had not
bothered to knock. A wild cherry sucker appeared from the pocket of her lab
coat, and she took her time peeling off the clear plastic wrapper.

	Fumiko barely acknowledged her presence, continuing to wipe the sweat
from Jimmy's torso. Several long, surgical steel needles lay scattered about on
a tray next to his cross. Dark stains adorned the tips of more than half of them
and flecks of red adorned the cloth where they lay. Several more lay in a neat
arc, laid in a precise half-moon shape on white cloth beside them.

	 His eyes bulged beneath his steel reinforced gag. Heavy, brown leather
covered the lower part of his face from below his chin to the bridge of his
nose, where a reinforced strap ran over the top of his head and buckled securely
to the cross behind his head. Two other straps from either side of the gag were
also secured to the cross, holding his head absolutely immobile. A one-way valve
allowed him to inhale through a tube at his mouth, and another valve allowed him
to exhale through a tube at his nose.

	Not only did the valves prevent him from uttering a coherent sound, but
Fumiko had mischievously gone to the trouble of adjusting his air-flow down a
little. Just to keep his mind off his predicament, she had told him.

	Alexandra stepped forward a bit, sucking intently on her lollipop. "Like
cherry pops? How about a little taste?"

	Fumiko knelt down between his widely spread thighs and gave the kilo
weight dangling from the chrome collar around his balls a swing. The heavy
chromed cylinder swung back and forth, tugging his balls back and forth.
Strongly secured, his only reaction was to lift his eyebrows a bit wider.

	 "I asked you a question." Alexandra leaned over him, holding out the
sucker. "When I ask a question, I expect to be answered!"

	 The nude oriental teen lifted his bloated balls and squeezed lightly.
In his drug crazed state, the pain was electric. His cock bulged even harder,
and a tiny, shrill sound emitted from his nasal tube. Dr. Crisp gave the nurse
an approving glance.

	 "That's right, Jimmy. Don't ignore me again," the doctor reprimanded.
Air sucked sharply into his mouth tube as Fumiko squeezed his balls even harder
for a moment, then released. She paused for a moment, letting him think she was
done, and then squeezed again. Jimmy's eyes bugged, almost rolling back into his
head before the teenaged oriental relented.

	 "Now. If you're ready to be cooperative, do you want a taste?"
Alexandra held out the wet, red candy pop once more.

	 Jimmy wiggled his eyebrows and his fingertips and toes. Everything else
was strapped down.

	 "Knew you did." Alexandra slurped noisily on the lollipop and popped it
from her lips. She held it close to his face and let a dribble of saliva run
from the candy ball into his breathing tube. A little gurgle and slurp told her
the sweet spit had made it into his mouth.

	 Fumiko lifted his balls once more and dropped them, making the weight
swing slowly about. Each time the swinging weight brought his balls back to her,
she caught the bloated globes in her lips and sucked his nuts before letting
them swing away again. The soft, warm sensation and the intermittent pain was
mind boggling.

	"Have another taste, Jimmy. Isn't it good?" Jimmy gave a little peep
through his tube. Alexandra leaned closer over his breathing tube and drooled a
slow string of cherry flavored spit into his gag. She wiped her lips, smiling at
the slurping sounds as he fought for breath. She popped the sucker into her
mouth and let it make a lump in her cheek. "I know how you like cherries."

	Regardless of the humiliation and the pain, his cock glowed a deep
maroon, swelling massively around the edges of the chrome band circling the
base. A glistening drop of pre-cum ran from the tip and clung to the rim of his
knob. Fumiko ignored it, preferring to torture his balls as the pendulous weight
pulled them back and forth between his legs.

	"Fumiko, would you let me examine the patient for a moment, please,"
Alexandra asked. Fumiko gave the pendulum a final swing and stepped back.

	 The doctor offered her a cherry sucker from her pocket. "I'll only take
a moment."

	She touched a button on the side of the examination table, and let the
motorized legs of the cross hum a bit as she spread his legs impossibly wide.

	With a special tool, the doctor loosened the steel band constricting his
cock. A crystal tendril of pre cum dribbled from the tip and clung to the
pulsing shaft. She scraped the trail slowly up his shaft with the edge of her
fingernail, catching all of the escaping moisture.

	"Naughty, naughty," she cooed. "Must not waste that! Better put that
back inside." With a tiny laugh, she wiped her fingertip inside his mouth tube,
depositing the precum for him to taste.

	 A long, crooked penile sound lay on the side tray, appearing
devastatingly thick alongside the slender needles. With a tiny smirk curling the
corners of her lips, the doctor turned the probe before his wide, staring eyes,
letting him absorb the import of the instrument. Still holding it for him to
seem she lubricated the silver probe with a slender forefinger then toyed the
angled tip around the end of his knob.

	 "Let's see. I think we should plug that cock of your up so no more of
your precious cum can escape. We'll just insert this like so......"

	 She held his knob in place with one hand and let the blunt tip of the
sound stretch the tiny lips at the tip of his cock. Slowly, she fucked the first
few centimeters of the steel probe in and out of his knob. Soon, the slippery
sound was disappearing more deeply into the slit of his cock, sliding several
inches into his shaft. "Feels good?"

	 His eyes widened and fluttered as the sensation of having his cock
fucked overpowered him. Dr. Crisp pulled it back and slipped the silvery steel
sound slowly into his shaft once more.

	 "Makes you feel like a little bitch, doesn't it?" Fumiko taunted.

	 "Fumi! Don't make fun. He can't help it that I'm probing his erection."
Alexandra continued to fuck the sound deeper with each stroke.

	 "But he likes it! Just look how much he likes it! His eyes are
practically rolling back into his head with pleasure. He's such a little bitch."

	 "Fumi..!"

	 "But he said I was a bitch earlier. He called me a little bitch, so why
can't I call him one?"

	 "I can't believe he called you a little bitch. And particularly not
when I counseled him to be particularly nice to you." She looked down into
Jimmy's eyes. "I know you weren't foolish enough to call her names in your
predicament, were you."

	 Jimmy piped a tiny off key note through his breathing tube. "See, he
admits it. Now I get to call him a bitch and be really mean to him, don't I."

	 "Well, I guess that if he started it, you have every right to call him
a name. But try not to be too mean. In his helpless state there are so many
things you could do to him once you get him all to yourself."

	 With a satisfied smirk on her dark oriental face, the cute little nurse
reached and pinched his nipple sharply between her filed, red nails, twisting
and pulling hard. "Just a little fuck puppy bitch. Makes you want to cum doesn't
it? Well, too bad. Bitch. You just wait until I have you all alone for myself."

	 "Fumi, you know he can't possibly cum while the sound is in his cock.
His urethra is plugged. The sperm simply wouldn't have any where to go." She
continued to slide the sound slowly in and out, doing deeper with each stroke.

	 Fumiko gloated, showing him her sweetest smile. "Well, maybe we should
use the bumpy sound. I'll bet we could really make him wish for sexual relief if
we fucked his erection with the one with the little bumps all over it."

	 "You know, that might not be a bad idea, although those shaped penile
probes are usually reserved for 'special cases'.

	 "Well, how about the rippled one? The ripples aren't as severe as the
nubby bumps. He'll be crying for an orgasm. As much as that suffocation gag will
let him cry, that is."

	 Fumiko leaned forward. "And remember the spikey one? The fat one with
all the little diamond shaped points all over it?

	 "Ah yes, the interrogation probe. Quite a devastating implement."

	 "Yeah, and we haven't used it since the police sent over that
terrorist. That one was so much fun. After the tease-techs worked on him for a
week, he was practically drooling precum, but he still wouldn't talk."

	 "Quite recalcitrant, wasn't he?"

	 "Yeah, and then you used the probes on him. You were fucking him with
the nubbly one and he started babbling in some foreign language. But after you
probed him with the spiky one for about one minute, he was shouting out
everything he knew."

	 Alexandra glanced toward the storage cabinets. "And even then, we
didn't have to use the electrical equipment. Those electro probes are sheer
torture. Even though I've used them on quite a number of helpless men, I can
hardly imagine how it must be for a man to be strapped down and teased to near
insanity while high on those aphrodisiacs, and then to have a spiked steel probe
inside his cock delivering a series after series of shaped electrical shocks.

	 Jimmy's eyes bulged at the thought of having his cock tortured with
electricity. "But don't worry, darling," Dr. Crisp purred. "We have other, more
pleasant, ideas in store for you."

	 As she spoke, she had entered the sound deep inside Jimmy's cock, far
past the base. She had to straighten his cock away from his body in order to
send the sound even deeper into his urethra.

	 He didn't know it, but the doctor had probed deeply enough to block his
ejaculatory fluids from being able to dump into his bladder. The couldn't leak
out past the sound, and they couldn't release into his bladder. They had no
where to go while the women made them boil and seethe inside of his body.

	 He made a shrill noise through his breathing tube at the agonizing
pleasure he had never before experienced.

	 "There now," the doctor mused. "Far enough. Now let's tighten that cock
ring back down so we can get on with the next part."

	 Fumiko held the ring in place above his balls as the doctor tightened
the shining steel band around the base of his cock, effectively squeezing the
walls of his urethra around the steel sound embedded so deeply in his cock. His
veins bulged around the band, and his cock took on a deep pink hue, with the
knob turning bright red.

	 A whimsical smile twisted one corner of her mouth. Alexandra reached
for a second steel band and held it before Jimmy's eyes. This one had six round
beads inside its circumference. For the first time in a long while, he struggled
against his bonds.

	 The doctor waited for his futile struggles to end, then carefully
placed the ring over his knob and the shining steel probe protruding from the
tip of it. The second ring tightened down just beneath the rim of his knob, with
the six little beads embedding themselves painfully into his cock. It made the
helmet glow a darker red, almost maroon.

	 "Dr. Crisp, may I rub it now, please," Fumi asked, moving a little
closer.

	 "You can have all the fun in the world with him soon," Dr. Crisp
purred. Her voice turned husky and low. She adjusted his air intake down further
so that he struggled for breath. His chest heaved as he fought for breath. "But
first, I want to show Jimmy how this little setup works.

	 "For starters, I'll just tickle his testicles a little." Her
professionally sharpened nails played tic-tac below his bloated testicles for a
several long moments. Jimmy groaned into his gag, trying to plead for mercy.
Only pitiful a little bleating sound came out.

	 She tickled lightly at his sack, tracing the blue veins that were
beginning to bulge on the swollen bag. "You know how a man a can be made to cum
without having his cock touched? In a boy, we call it premature ejaculation. In
an older male, it requires extended stimulation. Exactly like you're getting."

	 As she tickled, the pressures in his loins nearly doubled. Her nails
were sharply filed and she knew how to make the points touch every sensitive
nerve. "I know you would like to cum wouldn't you? You've been on the cross all
morning, being tended by a number of delightfully attentive young ladies. I know
you want to cum."

	 "Would you like me to make you cum now?"

	 A groan resonated deep in his chest as her nails danced their delicate
tattoo about his balls. Separated from his cock by the encircling bands, and
separated from each other by the dividing strap, his balls stood out like ripe
plums on a branch, just waiting to be plucked.

	 Dr. Crisp knew exactly what that groan meant. "See!. I knew you wanted
to cum. But right now, there is this one little problem. Do you know what that
little problem is?"

	 Tremors and clenches were making his cock quiver for her caress. It
bobbed untouched in the empty air as she caressed all around it. The doctor
began petting his balls rhythmically, massaging and stroking more firmly. Soon,
she was squeezing and kneading his balls in the same way she would if she were
rubbing his knob to make him cum. The tip of the sound glistened in the bright
lights of the examination room as his cock jerked and bobbed.

	 "You see, the problem is that if I make you cum, there isn't anywhere
for the cum to go. It could be quite painful." His eyes rolled back as her
maddening fingers danced over his swollen and separated balls. "But if you
really want to cum, I'll make you ejaculate. Somewhat."

	 His body was rigid. Stretched. Taut. Helpless beneath her fingers. He
strained to cum. Her fingers were magic. His muscles clenched. Eyes screwed shut
in anticipation of the ultimate pleasure. Juices boiled. And then. He came!

	 His eyes flew wide in utter surprise, and a gargling sound came from
deep in his throat. Wet droplets spewed from his nasal pipes.

	 When his male apparatus tried to ejaculate, there was nowhere for the
fluids to go. With the surgical sound plugging his ducts and the stainless steel
clamps constricting his balls and cock, the entire buildup of masculine emission
remained completely inside. His breathing was labored due to the reduced air
flow he was allowed. The combination of sensations was excruciatingly painful
and at the same time overwhelming and intensely arousing. His whole world spun
and tumbled. Had he not been strapped down, he would have passed out from the
mixture of pleasure and pain.

	 While he recovered, Alexandra reached for a clipboard and wrote
quickly. Fumi giggled at the doctor's instructions. It was going to be an
interesting hour. She smiled her sweetest smile as the doctor departed.




Chapter 10

"The Drinks"

	

	He didn't have long to wait. A single knock at the door announced the
return of Pennyko.

	"Are we still teasing him?" She barely glanced at the feather her sister
was torturing Jimmy's bursting knob with. Pale white vanes of a pair of quill
feathers bent and curled around Jimmy's plugged and clamped cock, driving him
further into the regions of sexual insanity.



	"Yeah! But not for much longer. Dr. Alexandra is having him milked. Miss
Madeline is scheduled to tend to him as soon as her shift comes on."

	"Miss Madeline! You mean 'Hand Pump" Madeline" the human milking
machine!?

	"Yeah, damn. And I wanted to tease his cock for a couple of more days."
She took a pair of steel needles from the tray and went to work on the tips of
his nipples as they protruded from the rubberized jaws of a pair of nasty chrome
clamps.

	Jimmy whistled through his nose tubes, rolling his eyes back until only
the whites showed.

	"Oh, shut up Jimmy!" She leaned and drooled a long strand of spit onto
his mouth tube and quickly clamped the end closed with the thumb. "No one told
you to speak." His eyes quickly rolled back into view, bulging as his cafe
turned a pasty color. She quickly releastd her thumb and the spittle slurped
inside as the captive male sucked his breath through the tube.

	"Well, cool. But after he's discharged, at least we get to see him at
home. I'll bet he's ultra horny for us from now on. And then we can tease him
anytime we want to."

	"Oh cool! And without any stupid instructions from doctor!

	The girls were still discussing their future plans to torture Jimmy when
the softest knock came at the door. Penny and Fumi exchanged bothered glances as
the door opened and a round-faced strawberry blonde peered around the edge,
looking down on the girls.

	"I hope I'm not disturbing anyone, am I?" Her voice was as soft as her
face. Not quite old and not quite young, the rubenesque woman in the white
nurse's smock moved almost timidly, holding her slightly large hands closely to
the front of her smock.

	Wide, green eyes darted from one of the oriental girls to the other.
"This is OK, right? I mean I have a prescription from Dr. Crisp."

	She held up a crumpled slip of paper and showed it to the girls. "See.
It's a prescription for a milking. I'm supposed to perform a milking sperm
extraction on him, OK?"

	The hand displaying the paper was soft and full, definitely not small,
but not actually large. She quickly dropped her hands and twisted her fingers
together, not really meaning to demonstrate their unusual supple flexibility.
The delicately creamy pale skin of her fingers showed a dotting of tiny freckles
that ran all the way up her arms. Her tangled fingers were long and sensuous
with pale pink nails trimmed short to just the barest hint of a point.

	Fumi almost laughed. Here was a grown woman, obviously a senior nurse,
asking permission of a pair of interns half her age. Her manner was so kind and
pleasant that she would have seemed almost like she really were someone's aunt
were it not for the apparent youth in her face. Perhaps she was someone's
auntie.

	She seemed always in motion, from the soft, bouncy hair to a pair of
thrusting, heavy orbs under her smock which seemed to move about on their own.
And her overly rounded hips swayed and rocked at every turn.

	"Oh don't worry, we'll have plenty of fun with him later." Pennyko
surreptitiously elbowed her sister I the ribs. "That is if he's not discharged
today."

	"Or even if he is! He's our Mommie's boyfriend!"

	"Oh, I don't know." The voluptuous nurse tucked her fists into well
rounded hips, looking down at the girls. She shook her head until loose blonde
curls flew about. "After I milk a male patient, I really don't think they're any
good for at least three days. Maybe longer."

	"Yeah, we hear you're pretty good. Do you think we could watch?"

	"Well, OK. Sure. Good. And maybe you could help, too."

	Without waiting for an answer, she turned to Jimmy, still strapped and
gagged on the rack. Her already soft voice shifted to even softer baby talk.
"Oh, goodness! Poor 'wittle boy'. You are so uncomfortable. Let Aunt Mattie see
if she can get you fixed a little better. Can't milk a boy who is uncomfortable.
We have to get you all comfy so you can cum and cum and cum and cum ..."

	She busied herself about Jimmy, bustling industriously. Immediately, she
unbuckled the gag and pulled the tubes out of his nose and mouth. His face was
wet with saliva. She practically cooed and purred over him as she carefully
wiped it away with a cotton towel. "Poor boy. All stopped up. Top and bottom.
Can't come if you're all stopped up. Have to open all the nice holes. Cum, cum,
cum ....

	 "And just look at that cock. Oh my goodness gracious. Doesn't that
hurt? Cum, cum, cum ....," she cooed and purred.

	With deft fingers, she turned the interlocking tool and loosened the
clamping apparatus around his cock, removing both of the steel clamps. Between
her finger and thumb, the steel probe slipped easily from his slit as she pulled
it out inch by inch. Blood flowed freely within his veins for the first time in
hours, making his cock throb visibly. It enlarged itself enormously. She let the
bare cock throb painfully, not offering to caress it yet.

	"I know an unencumbered penis feels much better, Dear, but try not to
cum for a few more minutes. If you do----if you waste all that good cum-----then
I'll have to delay your milking. I'd have to leave you here so the girls could
tease you for a few more hours. Or even overnight. You wouldn't want that would
you? Being teased like this for the next 24 hours?"

	"No. Please." His voice croaked.

	"Of course not sweetie. In your state, another day of this kind of
teasing would be terrible!"

	"Tsk. Here, Dear. Let me remove that nasty spreader from your balls.
They must be over three inches apart." She caressed his plum-sized, swollen
balls briefly, feeling the plump fullness. "And so swollen. Are they full of
creamy white stuff for me to milk out? I do hope so. Cum, cum, cum." The
spreader appliance clinked mechanically as she loosened it and tossed it onto
the tray beside the penis sound and cock clamps.

	"Oh! My goodness. I see. Oh dear. Poor boy really was plugged top and
bottom. Let me pull that butt plug out for you." Jimmy grunted as she curled her
finger through the ring of his butt plug, and pulled. The heavy plug deflated
with a hiss, and Nurse Madeleine pulled it easily from his ass.

	"Ewwww. Yucky." She pressed the pedal of a sanitary bin and dropped the
offending item in. Penny and Fumi exchanged glances, noticing the nurse wore
only white hose and no shoes. Even in her stocking feet, she was still taller
than the two diminutive oriental girls.

	 "Poor thing, you most be thirsty. Wouldn't you like a drink?"

	"P-please," his voice was husky from being gagged so long.

	"Aunt Mattie knows," she cooed as she unbuttoned her lab smock. "Boys
get so thirsty from having their big, stiff penises teased. And we have all
sorts of drinks. All sorts and kinds. Drinks to help a horny boy cum and cum and
cum...."

	A magnificent pair of heavy globes appeared as she unbuttoned her smock.
Unencumbered by a brassiere, her cleavage was a pale and shadowy chasm between
softly sloping, creamy globes. Soft lips curved into a smile, obviously proud of
her spectacular endowment and the effect they had on a helplessly teased male.

	Nipples of deep rosy pink capped her wide, round aureoles, the tips
thick and pouting. They seemed to take aim directly at Jimmy's eyes as she moved
toward him. With a giggle, the milking nurse lifted a heavy mammary to her lips
and squeezed the aureole between two fingers and her thumb. A spray of sweet,
warm milk jetted from the nipple. White milk painted her lips, beading up and
clinging to her moist mouth.

	With another giggle, she circled her tongue about her lips and licked
the milk from her around her mouth. "Mmmmm. Delicious. See, all kinds of
drinks."

	"You can have some of that nice milk in a few minutes, if you're a good
boy." She petted his erection to emphasize how good she was going to make him
feel. "But first, we have another kind of a drink for you!" She took a small,
clear drinking glass from her bag and showed it to Jimmy.

	"Drinking Glass! Drinks for the boy! Let me fill this for you." The
nurse opened her smock even wider, tucking the sides behind her wide, rounded
hips. She smoothed her hands past her belly button, down her pale, delicately
swelling tummy, running her fingers into a curling bush of downy, blonde pussy
hair.

	She squatted slightly and held the glass between her legs with one hand,
parting her pussy lips with the other. Instantly a warm stream of golden urine
spiraled into the glass, filling it quickly to a frothy head.

	"There you go! A drink just for you." She held it to his lips, waiting
for him to drink. "Drink it all gone, like a good boy."

	Jimmy pursed his lips and refused the golden liquor.

	Without another word, the nurse calmly reached down between his legs,
seized his balls in her fist and began to squeeze. Gently at first, then
gradually tighter and tighter until Jimmy was rigid with pain. With the glass
still held patiently at his lips, Mattie continued to squeeze ever harder until
Jimmy suddenly raised his head and slurped thirstily at the warm piss. She
relaxed her grip, but cradled his balls in her fist until he drank every drop.

	"How about another nice glass of warm pee?" she handed a second glass to
Fumiko. It took the girl longer to piss into the glass than it had taken
Madeleine, but in only a few moments, there was another vessel of foamy pee
ready for Jimmy to drink.

	From the tray, Madeline took a syringe of the aphrodisiac and out of
Jimmy's sight, held the needle up to the light. Instead of injecting Jimmy
directly, she squirted a short stream of it into the bubbles on Fumiko's piss.
The two golden liquids mixed instantly.

	Smiling, Fumiko lifted Jimmy's head and held the warm glass to his lips.

	"Drinky, drinky," quipped the Asian girl, copying the strawberry blond
milk maid. "Here's another nice glass of hot girl pee. Plus a little something
to keep you interested." The pungent fragrance of her female urine mixed with
aphrodisiac made his head spin.

	Madeline's fist gripped his balls in warning, and he took a tiny sip to
avoid the pain. As the first drop of aphrodisiac went to his head, he sipped
more thirstily, gulping her piss.

	Madeline took his cock gently in her hand and stroked it a few times,
feeling it grow massively harder again as the aphrodisiac overwhelmed him. "You
girls have really done a job on him. He's really going nuts to have an orgasm."

	Penny smiled back. "Yep! We've been getting him close to cumming and
then stopping him all morning."

	"Over and over." Fumiko giggled. "Starting and stopping. All day!"

	"About a hundred times!"

	"Yeah! And then Dr. Frederique plugged every hole and brought him over
the top! He almost exploded when she made him cum but he couldn't shoot."

	"Well I like to tease sometimes too," laughed Mattie. Her creamy globes
jiggled, and a tiny droplet of milk fell from a crinkled nipple. "But mostly I
like to make them spurt. And Spurt and Spurt and Spurt and..." She swayed about
almost dreamily as she almost sang. "And spurt and spurt and spurt....."

	"But don't you ever just tease"

	"Oh sure! I spent a year working down in the torture wards. I've got
some tales I could tell you....

	She smiled secretively thinking of the men she had made scream and beg
to be allowed to orgasm. "But later. Right now, I think Jimmy wants another
drink."

	She laughed and turned back to the man on the rack, trailing her fingers
down his ribs toward his thigh. The strapped male gave a low groan as the agony
of his prolonged arousal was tested by the nurse.

	"Penny. Why don't you come give Jimmy a drink from the fountain?" She
urged the little oriental nurse to step across Jimmy's head and open her lightly
furred pussy lips close before his hungry eyes. The moist fragrance of her hot
pussy assailed his nose, making his cock lurch.

	"Doesn't she have a pretty little pussy, Jimmy? Just look at those slim,
brown fingers spreading those delicate pink pussy lips. What a nice little 'Vee"
she has.

	"And now, just a tiny little bit more encouragement," Mattie smirked,
holding the syringe of aphrodisiac toward the girl's spread, pink lips. Without
asking permission, she spurted a few drops directly onto Penny's exposed
clitoris. "Quickly, Jimmy, lick it off!"

	Jimmy's tongue flickered rapidly over the girl's clitoris, sending
tremors through her body. She grabbed his hair, and pulled his face up firmly
between her spread thighs, keeping him busy pleasuring her.

	Jimmy didn't know if her was in heaven or hell. He lapped greedily at
the sweet pussy juice, slurping it clean and suckling the tiny inner lips. The
aphrodisiac made him dizzy, and his whole body felt warm and tingly. Every nerve
was on fire. His cock felt as big as a house, aching for the caresses they were
still denying him.

	And the aphrodisiac had a warming effect on Penny, too. As she stood
over his face, the pressure of his tongue was augmented by the heat of the
aphrodisiac spreading through her body.

	"Oh Mattie, You've made me horny, too!"

	"Lovely feeling isn't it?" The red-headed nurse quipped. "Here. Let me
help you cum a little." She moved close to the Asian girl, pressing her heavy,
pink tipped breasts against the girl's slightly smaller, mahogany nippled orbs.
White flesh and brown flesh melded as Mattie pulled Penny's face close and
kissed her long and deep.

	Their tongues warred against one another, swirling and pressing back and
forth. Their lipstick melted in the heat of their passion, giving both wet
mouths a rich, dark red color.

	Jimmy looked up helplessly into the pair of pussies hovering only inches
above his eyes. His arms were spread widely and strapped down, unable to touch.
Penny's darkly furred oriental pelt with her ruby tinted lips crushed against
Madeline's pale, pink pussy with her soft, red curls. Crinkled hairs tangled. He
ached to lick and suck, to be allowed to cum.

	Mattie tugged on one of Pennyko's nipples and tweaked gently. "Go ahead
and cum, sweetie. You'll feel better."

	Penny reached down and gripped Jimmy's head, pulling it firmly between
their thighs, squeezing off all sound and sight for him other than her wet pussy
and the pound of blood through her veins.

	"Oh god! It's the aphrodisiac. You've made me horny, too!" Her voice
turned to a throaty groan from the surge of pleasure and arousal. "I'm horny and
I'm going to cum!"

	Mattie held the Asian girl close, squeezing her breasts, feeling her
heat as Penny hunched against Jimmy's face. The girl threw her head back and
rode Jimmy's face like a horse. His tongue probed inside her, and she drowned
him an effluvium of pussy juices. He could barely breath. The sweet juices ran
into his nose and blinded his eyes. They lubricated his cheeks so that his face
slipped smoothly between her gripping thighs. She pulled his head even harder up
between her legs, trying to press his entire face inside of herself.

	"Fumi! Mattie! I'm cumming and I can't stop!"

	Fumiko stepped astride Jimmy's strapped down torso and pressed her naked
body against Penny's back, making a sandwich between herself and the redhead.
Mattie twisted her fingers into Fumi's hair and pulled her lips close across
Penny's shoulder. They kissed hard, sharing lipstick, melting their colors
together.

	They had only moments to kiss before Penny added her passion to the mix,
crushing her face between theirs in a three-way kiss of wet, circled lips and
reaching tongues. The tips of all three tongues tickled together as Penny and
Fumi groaned in orgasm after orgasm.

	Jimmy's tongue delved hungrily into whatever pussy he could reach. Fumi
and Penny hunched against him. Suffocating him in their juices. He strained
helplessly at his bonds as the three girls stood over him. His cock ached to be
touched, but was totally ignored. He lay strapped down and unable to move as
three beautiful girls made love on top of him, using his body but giving him no
relief for his burning need.

	 Penny's orgasm's came like machinegun fire as she bucked against
Jimmy's face. The other two girls held her in place, caressing, massaging,
making her cum even longer.

	Finally, she cried out, "No more. I can't cum anymore right now!" Mattie
and Fumi stepped back, satisfied they had made the girl cum.

	"But I have to pee so badly!"

	"That was what we were doing before, wasn't it?" Mattie quipped. "Why
don't you give out patient another nice long drink?"

	She gripped his balls warningly. "And he'd better not spill a single
drip!"

	Penny pulled his mouth close, then released it. "I don't know if I can
piss in his mouth."

	"Jimmy, tell Penny how much you want it." The redheaded nurse grasped
his balls and squeezed his nuts slightly.

	"PPplease piss in my mouth."

	"What kind of piss?" Mattie practically purred, gradually increasing the
force.

	"Your hot piss," he croaked hurriedly. His balls were under pressure.

	"Golden piss, too," Mattie encouraged.

	"Golden," he agreed.

	"No. Say it,"

	"Golden piss! Please piss your sweet, hot, golden pee in my mouth.

	"And you want to do what?" Mattie's grip became a little firmer.

	"I want to drink your pee! Please piss your sweet, hot, golden pee in my
mouth. I want to drink your wet pee."

	"Oh Jimmy," Penny smiled, holding his mouth right on her pussy. How
sweet to ask me like that. But won't it be messy?"

	Mattie twisted his nuts slightly. Jimmy spoke hurriedly, "No! I promise
not to spill a single drop!"

	"How about delicious?" She punctuated her words with none too gentle
squeezes.

	"Yes! Delicious! Your sweet, delicious pee."

	"Very nice. Now say it all," Mattie encouraged, rhythmically crushing
and releasing his swollen balls.

	"I want to drink your pee! Please piss your sweet, delicious, hot,
golden pee into my mouth. I want to drink your sweet, hot, golden pee. And I
promise not to spill a single delicious drop!"

	"Sure, Jimmy," Penny smirked. "I'd love to piss in you mouth as long as
you say it nicely like that." She reached back for support, seizing one of his
nipples between her fingernails and pinched it nastily. As he arched upward in
pain, her whole body relaxed slightly and she pressed her pussy even more firmly
over his mouth. The Asian tormentress reached behind his head to hold it in
place. "Here it comes!"

	"Drink it!" A flood of wetness poured from her pee hole into his wide
open mouth as it was suctioned against her pussy. He swallowed rapidly, letting
his tongue lap into her vagina as he drank. There was so much he almost couldn't
take it all, and he felt he was drowning in a world of rich, golden pee.

	Almost as a reward, Mattie took his knob between a finger and thumb and
began to roll it around. She stretched his balls away from his body and kneaded
them gently, pleasuring him, urging him closer to the edge. He needed to cum so
badly, but strapped down, he could only lie helplessly and drink down the hot
stream of urine from the Asian masturbatrix as the milking nurse brought him to
the brink and held him there.

	His tongue flicked and lapped across Penny's clit, making her cum
powerfully as she peed. It seemed to go on forever, while actually it lasted
less than a minute.




Chapter 11

"Unexpected Visitor"

	When it was over, Penny stepped from Jimmy's face. She took a towel from
her sister and dried the sweat from between her dusky breasts. "Oh wow! I've
never experienced anything like that. It was the aphrodisiac, I know, but I came
like the fourth of July."

	Mattie was busy drying Jimmy's face and hair as he hung in his straps
and bonds. "That, and the fact you like teasing a boy's cock so much. Not to
mention that you enjoyed pissing in his mouth."

	"Yeah," echoed Fumiko. "When we get him home, we're going to tease him
every time we get a chance. And make sure he never gets thirsty, too."

	"How about now?" Mattie produced six slender quill feathers, red, blue
and yellow, about 10 inches long each, and passed one to each of the girls. "We
have a job to do, you know."

	She pulled a vacuum hose from the one of the drawers of the 'X' shaped
examination table beneath Jimmy's torso, and attached the soft milking cup. The
milking cup was a tulip shaped receptacle of soft silicon and steel shaped
precisely to envelope and capture the swollen knob of a milking patient. A quiet
hiss let her know the suction device was ready to collect every drop of his cum.
She lay it in readiness on the strap that crossed his bare tummy.

	"Now, Jimmy. Are you ready to cum for Aunt Mattie?" She twirled the
feather around his nipples.

	"Yes, please!"

	"And you need it so bad?"

	"Mattie! Please!" Her feather was busy tickling his excruciatingly
aroused nerve endings. "I need it so bad!" The girls picked up the hint and
began teasing him with their feathers. They seemed to know that they could
tickle him everywhere except his throbbing cock.

	"Say, 'Aunt' Mattie."

	"Please let me cum, Aunt Mattie. I need it so bad...."

	"Good. Now ask the girls."

	"Fumiko, Pennyko. Please may I cum? I need to cum so much."

	"May 'Daddy' cum," urged the girls in unison.

	"Please, Fumiko and Pennyko. Please let Daddy cum. Daddy needs to cum."

	Mattie tickled across his balls and flicked the feather once across his
shaft. The sensation was electric and he surged against his straps. With a
giggle, she resumed tickling his balls. She played the fronds around his swollen
nuts until his eyes rolled upward in sexual agony, One of Asian sisters
delighted in tickling his nipples until he went insane, while the other had
found that tickling his feet while they were so helplessly strapped down made
him groan in mindless agony.

	Without warning, Mattie flicked the feather across his cock once more.
Again, only once. He arched against the straps, trying for more of the
pleasurable sensations she was withholding. The redheaded nurse resumed
feathering and torturing his balls. In a short while, he was muttering and
babbling, bucking his hips feebly.

	A quiet click indicated the door had been closed. The slender, white
haired gentleman in the white doctor's jacket stood quietly. He observed, but
didn't say a word. The girls wondered how he had managed to enter completely
unnoticed. He was already in the room, completely poised before they realized he
was there.

	Mattie glanced at him, somehow knowing she had seen him before, but
couldn't quite place the specific ward he was assigned to. Then she turned back
to her work, torturing Jimmy's cock.

	The gentleman in the jacket stroked his closely cropped white beard in
quiet contemplation. He had a slightly amused twinkle in his eye. Fumiko and
Penny each turned to look, there was a reassuring feeling about having him in
the room even though they both were almost completely naked. Like Mattie, they
knew they had seen him, and one way or another couldn't quite place his name.
They looked at his badge. The name was obscured by his stethoscope. He was
slender and well-built, just above average height. His face was smooth and
tanned, reminding the girls of a man who spent most of his life at a beach
resort, or horseback riding in the mountains.

	The knowing glint in his eyes that reassured them. He seemed so familiar
and in charge and yet they were not quite sure how. The pair of nude teens
resumed torturing their patient's cock, breasts wobbling and bottom cheeks
flexing delightfully. Penny took a second glance. Something about the white
haired doctor made her pussy ache to be filled by his cock.

	Ignoring the girls for the moment, the man in the jacket approached
Jimmy, moving forward between Mattie and Penny's nudity. He looked deep into the
patient's wide eyes, plugged the stethoscope into his ears, and listened to
Jimmy's pounding heart. The doctor shook his head at the aroused male still
suffering for an orgasm beneath the teasing six feathers.

	The white haired man spoke softly. His accent was educated, no doubt
from somewhere in the desert southwest. "Nurse Madeline. Why don't you go ahead
and make the boy cum? I think we have taken this about as far as we need to
before you milk him. I think we've gotten all the good we can get from his
heightened arousal."

	"Yes sir!" the Nurse responded. "You're right. He's about as excited as
he can stand."

	"Well that's not the point is it," the doctor smiled. "Does it really
matter if he can stand it or not if we have him strapped down as he is?"

	"No sir. You're right," admitted the redheaded nurse, her feathers
working cruelly about the male's bloated testicles. "Once a patient has signed
the release forms and has been secured, he must endure the full treatment
however long or arduous it is for him."

	"Well then, let's get him milked." He stepped back to allow Mattie to do
her work.

	Mattie put aside her feathers and leaned over Jimmy. Her enormous
breasts trailed across his face and torso, leaving a dual trail of milk drops as
they went. When she reached his cock, she began to tickle his shaft with her
nipples. She rocked her hips to let the natural swing and sway of her mammaries
keep the rubbery stalks flickering back and forth. Warm milk trickled from her
tips down his shaft, tickling through the curled hairs. A stream of milk
trickled through the shallow 'vee' between his balls and tickled into his
asshole, wetting it and making it slick.

	Madeline laughed. "The only bad thing about doing it this way is that it
makes me so damn horny. My pussy is so hot and wet, and my nipples feel so
sensitive. And his precum has that aphrodisiac in it and its driving me nuts to
cum." She waggled her bare bottom to relieve the tingle, still flickering her
erect nipples over his cock.

	Jimmy groaned, trying to press his cock into her cleavage. Fully
expecting that, Mattie pulled back, nipple teasing him with the lightest
pressure of her slippery, wet nubs. "Cum, cum, cum," she cooed. "Come on and
shoot, Jimmy. Then I can have an orgasm of my own."

	Jimmy arched his back, trying to thrust against the waist strap, getting
ready to spurt.

	The doctor quickly interrupted. "Wait a moment, I think we can afford to
solve your problem first. That is if Jimmy doesn't mind being a spectator for a
few minutes."

	Everyone laughed except Jimmy.

	He handed a pair of xylophone mallets to Fumiko, slender drumsticks with
rounded balls at the tips. "Penny, you caress him and keep him on the brink.
Nurse Mattie and I are going to provide a little show for Jimmy. Often, being
forced to watch a live sex scenario while being unable to participate is as
devastating as any torture. It also creates a sympathetic response in the
observer which will build up his fluids in anticipation of participation in
sexual activity. Of course he will not be permitted to take part.

	Penny giggled. "And he can't participate because he's still strapped
down. I'll bet his balls are going to explode before we finally let him cum!"

	The man in white smiled knowingly. "Certainly. But there is a little
enforcement to go with the pleasure. He'll have to watch Mattie and I
continuously while you torture his testicles if he looks away.

	"Fumiko, if he blinks or looks away, you will tend to his testicles with
these mallets.

	"Mattie and I have a little show for him to watch." Instantly, the buxom
redheaded nurse was on her knees before the doctor, reaching for his zipper.

	Penny happily began to touch Jimmy in that special way, getting him
ready to spurt. Her hands were busy, teasing and caressing. Helpless to resist,
Jimmy glanced down at what Penny was doing to his cock.

	Immediately, Fumiko whacked his left nut with the xylophone mallet.
"Nope. Must look at Mattie." Jimmy's face turned a paler shade, but
nevertheless, he turned his eyes on Mattie's demonstration. Penny happily
continued to caress his helpless body.

	The strawberry blonde pulled the doctor's cock and balls from his fly.
The cock was stupendous. It curved upward like a Saracen sword. Swollen and
rigid, lightly veined, it had the same bronze hue as the man's tanned face.
Mattie caressed it adoringly, squeezing her thighs together to ease the need for
his cock in her cunt.

	The voluptuous nurse turned her eyes on Jimmy, watching his expression
intently. She wanted to see his reaction as she licked the man's cock from balls
to tip. Her tongue slipped slowly from her smiling lips and she traced her lips.
Jimmy groaned and rolled his eyes, earning him another mallet blow from Fumiko
on the right nut.

	Mattie looked tauntingly into his eyes and cooed, "Ohhh, Ahhh. Ohhh" She
traced her lips again to wet them and pulled the man's knob down to her lips and
kissed him on the tip. Her eyes still on Jimmy, mocking, smiling, she curled her
tongue under his balls, lifting them slightly, then with deliberate slowness,
she licked from stem to stern.

	Penny leaned close to Jimmy's ear and breathed, "Oh my god. He is soooo
big. Don't you wish that could be your cock she was licking?" Filed red nails
made five tiny lines on his flesh as she raked him from his knees, up his inner
thighs, across his sensitized balls, and up his naked torso. His eyes rolled
back in his head at the electrically erotic sensation.

	Immediately, Fumiko whacked both of his balls simultaneously with the
mallets. "Ghnahrrr!" Jimmy protested, but his eyes widened and he forced himself
to stare at the sex show being performed for his benefit.

	Penny began to nuzzle Jimmy's neck, caressing his nipples and tickling
like spider's legs about the base of his shaft. "Don't you wish that were your
cock she's sucking? Poor baby."

	Mattie giggled, and engulfed the man's cock. Her eyes watched Jimmy
intently as Penny teased him, daring him to look away from the sexual spectacle
she was giving the boy. She pumped up and down, barely able to swallow the whole
joint, slurping and tonguing his cock.

	As she sucked, she couldn't keep her hands from her swollen clit. The
doctor smiled and lifted her chin, raising her to her feet. Quickly, he turned
her around and bent her from the waist. He flipped her lab coat up over her hips
and plunged his cock in to the depths.

	Mattie's breasts were swollen with milk, and they leaked over the
docctor's fingers as he clasped the soft orbs.

	Penny watched hungrily, fingering Jimmy's balls, but wishing she had a
cock in her own pussy. As the man held Mattie's hips, and drove his shaft
rapidly in and out, her large breasts slapped and jiggled so hard she had to
hold them with her hands.

	Fumiko noticed a drop of fluid appearing at Jimmy's knob and punished
him for it with an arpeggio of mallet blows about his aching balls. "No leaking!
Only Mattie's tits get to leak!"

	Mattie felt as if the world were spinning. Her knees grew weak as she
orgasmed like fireworks. A spray of milk jetted from her breasts, lubricating
the man's fingers, making his palms slide and slip around on her mammaries. She
almost hung from the man's hands as he drove into her faster and deeper with her
breasts and voluptuous bottom jiggling with every thrust.

	"No more! I can't cum any more. God, you're killing me with your cock!
Let me stop cumming."

	Finally, with a knowing smile, the man released her hips and she nearly
collapsed to the floor. "Let me go tend to Jimmy. I've always loved to hurt a
man there. I want to enjoy my tingles and be mean to him at the same time."

	Immediately, Penny was ready to take her place, moving into position
with her hips thrust upward so quickly the man barely lost a stroke. He plunged
into her to the hilt, and her slippery, wet pussy took all of him. She started
cumming immediately. With her black hair flying, she let the man pile drive into
her with ultimate skill. There was something amazing about the way he did it
that seemed to fill all of her pussy at once.

	Mattie had taken the mallets and was punishing Jimmy's cock with sharp
raps of the wooden balls up and down his ultra sensitized shaft. The stinging
blows made tears come to his eyes, but he dare not look away from Penny getting
her pussy probed.

	Fumiko began to nibble his nipples, biting lightly, tonguing the hard
tips. Jimmy glanced down to see her wet tongue and white teeth tantalizing him.
Immediately, Mattie delivered a series of sharp blows to his testicles, bouncing
them all about with the knobs of the hammers. Immediately, he turned his eyes
back on the man plowing the young Asian girl.

	Penny balanced herself on her finger tips and her tip toes, letting the
doctor do all the work. His cock seemed to buck within her, probing this way and
then that, hitting every corner of her pussy. "Ahhh, ahhh ahhhh ahhh," she
grunted as he plowed her from behind.

	She looked over at Jimmy, trying to taunt him with her eyes, but only
managed to make eye contact. The sight of his cock bouncing under her Mattie's
mallets and her sister caressing his body, while kissing and biting his nipples
drove her over the brink. "Oh my god, I'm cumming!" she shrieked. "I'm
cuuuummmmiiiinggggg...."

	She came so hard she couldn't hold herself up any longer, only the
clenching muscles of her pussy held her onto the man's driving shaft. She
literally hung from his cock with her clenching pussy. It was as if he were a
wizard, pumping with powerfully precise stokes that produced supernovas of
orgasms for his partners.

	"My turn!" Fumiko cried, swapping places with her sister. "I need to cum
so badlly, and it doesn't look like you're wearing out any time soon." She
practically lept astride the man's cock, locking her legs around his back.

	Dark, Asian nipples assaulted his eyes, he let her smother him between
golden breasts, breathing in her musky lust. He squeezed her breasts gently,
kissing each nipple in turn. He knew she wasn't looking for a sweet honeymoon
love making session. What Fumiko wanted was a huge bronze sausage of a cock
filling her to the depths of her pussy.

	Her erect clitoris sat on the top of his cock as she clung to him, and
she squirmed it against him. She leaned and breathed," Fuck me. Turn me around
so I can see Jimmy, and fuck me. Make him watch me getting your big, hard cock."

	Another man might have spasmed and softened, but the doctor whirled
about, turning Fumiko so that she could watch her sister and Mattie tormenting
Jimmy's cock. "Give it to me!"

	She bounced up and down, pile driving on his cock, rolling her hips
against him. Jimmy dared not look away even as Mattie snapped his cock
rhythmically with the mallets. It literally ached and burned to cum. He had been
teased inside and out, penis fucked and ass probed. Every nerve in his body had
been stimulated sexually, and the overdose of aphrodisiac was making a mad man
out of him.

	"Make me cum," Fumiko crooned, "Fuck me like a rag doll!" She bounced
and humped on the doctor's cock, driving the massive shaft deeply within
herself. The whole time, she made taunting, come-on faces at Jimmy who could do
nothing about it but look and suffer.

	His erection throbbed with need as Penny teased his body and Mattie
tortured his cock and balls with the mallets. The combination of pain and
imminent pleasure while being forced to watch his girlfriend's Asian daughter
being fucked, sent his mind into sensual overload. The aphrodisiac sent his
psyche spinning. He literally did not know where he was, or who he was. All he
was became a helplessly aroused erection with a crazed man attached.

	Fumiko's pussy clenched and sucked at the man's cock, trying to force
him to cum. He only lunged his hips harder against her, meeting her thrust for
thrust. Finally, the third girl in a row begged for mercy. "I can't cum any
more, she cried. "Damn, my pussy is going wild!"

	As Penny leaned and licked her warm tongue over Jimmy's bursting balls,
her sister pushed away from the man. Even after three girls, he was still hard
and erect, ready for more.

	Fumiko grasped his knees, climbing his legs as she tried to stand. His
massive weapon bobbed against her cheek. When she finally was able to stand
after the massive fucking, she groaned," How could you do that? There's not a
man alive who could satisfy a single one of us without spurting his load, and
you just fucked all three of us out of our minds one after another and you still
want more."

	He smiled mysteriously. Maybe I'll tell you some day. But for now, we
have to end this thing with Jimmy. I don't think I can allow this to go on much
longer. Seems like years."

	He waved a hand dismissively. "But don't worry about that. This has been
going on for longer than you can imagine. My gosh, there are 13 chapters and its
still going on! But for now, let's see how much ejaculate we can force to Jimmy
produce.

	" Mattie, why don't you go ahead and begin the procedure."

	Madeline smiled wickedly and brushed a few locks of her ruined hairdo
from her face. Her makeup was a wreck. Everything about her said 'well fucked'.
Her smile was another story, Her nubile hips rolled meaningfully as she
approached Jimmy. The other two girls turned their attention toward what
promised to be a wonderful masturbation show.




Chapter 12

	"The Milking Begins"

	"Nurse! Don't let him clench before he cums for the first time." The
doctor directed.

	"Yes sir!" Madeline agreed. "Absolutely no clenching." She reached
beneath Jimmy's balls and tested the groin muscles above his ass hole.

	The buxom nurse leaned and trailed her pink nipples down his cock,
making it buck and jerk. A fine coating of breast milk painted his cock. Her
nipples grew slippery from the milk and slipped easily over his shaft. His groin
muscles below his balls tightened immediately.

	"Awww. Poor Jimmy. Relax. If I feel you clenching your cock like that,
I'll have to stop." Her rubbery stalks played like little slippery fingertips
over his shaft. "And I know you don't want me to play the start and stop game
with you anymore, do you?" She pulled back a little to let his cock muscles
relax, then started again, this time even more slowly. Jimmy groaned and gasped,
trying to keep from clenching as the nurse masturbatrix started him toward
orgasm again.

	She had been nippulating his milk drenched cock only a few delicious
moments when she felt his muscles clench. It was exactly what she had been
expecting. She knew before she started that he would not be able to resist.

	Quickly she withdrew all stimulation. Her breasts quivered over his
cock, just out of reach, tantalizingly close, and she let him strain to feel
their warmth, to regain the stimulation they provided. In a moment, when she
felt his cock muscle relax, she started again.

	It went on interminably. Time after time she slowly started him, then
when he was physically unable to resist the constant stimulation and clenched
his muscles, she suddenly stopped him. She teased him to the brink of orgasm
with her nipples, waiting for him to clench and abruptly stopped.

	The tingle in her nipples made her pussy ache to be filled again, and
her clitoris hardened into a little sensitive knot. She rocked her hips from
side to side as much to keep her breasts swaying back and forth over his cock as
to make her slippery pussy lips squish together over her clitoris. Torturing him
was making her incredibly horny.

	Long before she was through torturing him, Jimmy was rolling his head
from side to side groaning in mindless sexual agony. His tongue protruded softly
from his open mouth and he uttered inarticulate guttural sounds. Still, Mattie
continued to rub her wet, pink nipples over his cock, carefully keeping check
beneath his balls for the slightest clench. A spasm of tremors shook his body,
and he stiffened all over.

	Mattie glanced over at the doctor. A slight nod told her to keep on
going.

	Like a mad man, Jimmy's eyes rolled back and his fingers clawed, even
his toes curled. He pulled hard enough against the straps to make the table
creak as his hips arched up against the hospital restraints. Mattie quickly took
the pulsing suction cup and held it close to his cock. She could have slipped it
over the tip of his cock and let it milk him dry, but wanted to make him cum
with only her nipples. Later, after he had cum a few times, she could let the
milking machine drain him.

	Suddenly, with her nipples still playing lightly over his shaft, a
gigantic groan croaked from his throat and a huge gush of sperm rocketed from
his knob. She had literally tickled the cum out of him with her nipples. A
dynamic orgasm tingled deep through her own pussy, and she squeezed her thighs
together unable to quite reach completion. Jimmy yelled out something
inarticulate as three more spurts shot from his cock into the suction cup.

	Mattie withdrew far enough to squeeze her nipples at his cock,
expressing a long, fine spray of milk onto his cock. She rolled her nipples
beneath her fingers and thumbs. The squeezing sensation almost but not quite
sent her over the edge. She spread the sweet, warm mother's milk into the deep
chasm of her pale cleavage and pressed the heavy mammary flesh close around his
cock. She wished she had a free hand to play with her pussy. The cock torture
was teasing her as well. But this was her job and she had to do it regardless of
whether she got to cum or not.

	Wet with milk, his cock slipped easily up and back through the chasm
between her breasts making a slurping sound. His cock throbbed and pulsed as she
crushed her breasts about his cock and tittie fucked him. White milk trickled
from her breasts keeping her chasm lubed and warm as his cock moved back and
forth in the soft, smooth gulf. In a short instant, he was ready to shoot again.
This time, she let him clench, working the cum out of him between her slippery
globes. With a groan, he fired another gush of cum into the suction cup.

	Fumiko noticed the bulge in the front of the Doctor's slacks and
playfully dared to run her palm over it. She pressed her nubile nudity against
him and breathed into his ear. "Ohhhh! You're so big! And so hard! That feels
like iron." She wasn't sure why she found him so irresistible, why she still
wanted him so much, but there was something special about him that turned her on
and made her pussy ache to have him in her.

	The man pushed her hand away with a knowing smile and pointed toward the
red headed nurse. She was wagging her bottom steadily, trying to find a little
relief for her aching clitoris. "Go take care of the little milk maid. Looks
like she needs it."

	"Here, try this little instrument. It's a special design of my own."
Fumiko was curious. She took the extraordinarily formed dildo from him.
Appearing at once surgically simple and blatantly erotic, the lightly rippled
sides of the platinum object were pleasantly warm to the touch, oddly soothing.
It tapered gently along it's length, until it narrowed almost abruptly at the
tip Nearly too thick for Fumi to reach her fingers all the way around, there was
no seam or obvious set of controls on the curved cylinder. She held it out in
two hands. It was almost as long as her forearm, feeling at once powerful and
pleasantly accommodating.

	"Wow! It started humming as soon as I took it!" Indeed the object was
thrumming gently, feeling almost alive. It was difficult for her to turn, as if
there were another force controlling the movements. And as she turned it toward
Mattie's bottom, the object began to buck up and down as if it were a highly
aroused male member expecting to enter a female. There was no doubt it had a
mind of its own.

	Mattie bent from the hips, as she played her tits over the captive cock,
the milk maid's well-rounded bottom cheeks spread easily. She wriggled and
allowed the Asian girl to slide the platinum torpedo into the hot, pink pussy.
Mattie was milking the boy off between her breasts for the third consecutive
time, collecting every drop in the suction device. It was taking a bit longer
this time to make him shoot, but she was determined to make him cum again. And
not only once, but numerous more times. Her personal best for a continuous
series of solitary male ejaculation was somewhere in the high twenties.

	Only a few months earlier, in the torture wards, she had been part of a
tag-team who brought a captive male to orgasm over 250 times, keeping him
insanely aroused and unable to loose his erection over a period of two weeks.
But that was during a judicially prescribed punishment masturbation and sleep
deprivation. He had first cried out to be made to cum, and then to be allowed to
stop cumming. Later he suffered again to be allowed sexual relief, then for them
to give him respite from continual orgasm. Only a last minute reprieve had
stopped her team from literally masturbating their prisoner to death.

	Jimmy would likely run out of his fluids after eight orgasms and be
unable to ejaculate normally after five or six. Still, if necessary, under the
influence of certain restricted medications, he could be kept incredibly
sexually aroused, massively erect, and excruciatingly sensitive for weeks,
brought to climax after climax until neither his mind or body could withstand
the intensity of his arousal. It was always a task for only the most skilled
nurse interrogators to make the torture last as long as possible before one or
both failed.

	Her mind drifted as the pleasure of the platinum torpedo probed into her
feminine depths. Fumiko barely needed guide it as it seemed to dive inward with
a mind of its own. The metal leviathan was fully capable of writhing inward all
on its own volition. Only when Jimmy's cock began to sag slightly did her mind
return.

	She quickly took the soft, silicon suction cap of the milking machine
and slipped the tulip lips over his knob. It slurped at his wet cock
rhythmically as Fumi fucked her from behind. The redheaded nurse began to
masturbate the captive male's shaft in sync with the sucking mechanism, lubing
his cock with a spray of breast milk. She grasped his testicles from below and
rolled the soft eggs gently about as she slid her fist up and back.

	 Jimmy's cock swelled and lurched under the triple stimulation. In less
than a minute Mattie had him at the brink again. "Cum, cum, cum..." she hummed
in her crazy little voice. "Cum, cum, cum for Aunt Mattie."

	"Cum, cum, cum..." echoed Fumiko, busily working the platinum dildo into
the nurse's wide bottom. She rotated the end of the dildo in a wide circle,
making it reach every corner of the little strawberry haired nurse's steaming
pussy. She reached beneath and found Madeline's hidden clitoris, a tiny pink
button as erect as it was, between neat pink lips, and thrummed it nicely with
her fingertips. Madeline danced her feet about as Fumi made her cum wildly.

	Mattie doubled the speed of her strokes on Jimmy's cock and forced him
toward another orgasm. She wanted him cumming with her. As she reached the
brink, the dildo in her pussy began to buck seemingly of its own accord. It felt
as if it were writhing about like a snake, driving her like a roller coaster
over the highest precipice. Her pumping fist slipping up and down Jimmy's cock
was forcing him to cum again. "Cum, cum, cum..."

	His cock lurched in her palm and spat out a double wad of cum into the
sucking silicon mouth, then lurched again and spurted another wad. "Cum, cum,
cum..." After four orgasms, he knew he was being drained and there was not a
single thing he could do to stop it or change the pace. Still Mattie kept up her
work, determined to see him begging her to stop making him cum.

	Penny slipped under the white haired doctor's arm and pressed her bare
breasts against him. He smiled knowingly as she gripped his cock through his
pants and masturbated it lightly. He was hard as stone and her dark skinned
fingers felt delicious.

	 "Ohhh! You're a big daddy doggie." She turned her sweet oriental face
upward, an expression of lust in her slanted eyes. "I really want to see your
hot dog some more, Doggie Daddy. Can I take it out again, please?"

	The doctor leaned and kissed her moist, red lips gently, then grasped
her shoulder and turned her about. "Concentrate on Jimmy. You're supposed to be
extracting his cum."

	Penny turned back, black hair flying almost angrily. "But I want you!
I'm so horny! Let me suck your cock. Pleeeeease." She batted her slanted
oriental eyelashes and made a cute little noise like a puppy whimpering. Her
highly skilled fingers petted his cock and pressed her nude Asian body against
him. She smiled secretively as he rolled his eyes upward in resignation. In
seconds she had his zipper down.

	Fumiko kept one hand busy working the silvery dildo into Mattie's
bottom, and leaned to kiss Jimmy firmly on the mouth. She twisted his nipples
hard one after the other, then moved her kisses down to nibble lightly on the
stinging nubs. A pair of brown fingers spread her own pussy lips and rubbed
briskly at her quivering clitoris.

	Mattie could barely concentrate because of the sensations the vibrating
object was sending through her body. She cast one eye at Penny on her knees
before the bronze cock with her head bobbing rapidly. Another orgasm rocketed
through the voluptuous nurse's body, causing a torrent of breast milk to spray
out over his tummy, cock and balls. She wondered if she could still milk Jimmy
if she collapsed to one knee.

	Penny quickly stood and hooked her legs around the doctor's waist. The
man's cock bobbed hard and wet into her bottom cleavage as she grasped the
massive shaft and slid down onto his pole, driving it forcefully into her pussy.

	 She wasted no time, and hooked her ankles behind his neck, letting his
cock support her entire weight. The busty Asian girl bounced upon his cock like
she was on springs, assailing his bearded cheeks with her juicy orbs. He let her
go like that, easily supporting her weight with his cock, letting her do all the
work.

	She pushed her palms on his shoulders, levering herself up and down,
rising almost off of his shaft, then letting herself fall upon the spike. "Oh my
god, you're fucking me all the way into my lungs! I can barely breath!"

	The little brown fucking machine (L.B.F.M.) added a twisting thrust to
her hips, almost wringing the man's cock around in her pussy washing machine
style. She was determined to make him cum.

	Fumiko and Mattie went into orgasmic spasms at the same time Penny
reached climax. All three women moaned and gasped, crying out in unison as they
came together. The noise in the room was purely a soundtrack from a porno movie.
Jimmy's eyes widened and he went into a spasm again, Mattie's fingers forcing
him to cum into the suctioning silicon cup. He added his own cry of ecstasy to
the mix as a small jet of white fluid spurted into the collection tubes.

	The only one in the room who had not cum was the white haired doctor. As
Penny slid to the floor, worshiping the massive weapon with her cheeks and lips,
his cock was still rock hard and throbbing. With a soft smile, he tucked the
shaft inside his pants and let the girl zip him up.




Chapter 13

	"Finis"

	He had just relaxed against the wall, hands tucked thoughtfully into the
big patch pockets of his lab jacket to watch Mattie finish milking Jimmy. The
only thing missing to make the look seem picture perfect was his pipe and a curl
of smoke rising from a bowl of Carolina cured tobacco. That had gotten lost
somewhere in the south pacific years ago. He was patiently observing the girls
trying to recover when the door opened quietly.

	"Knock, knock," Dr. Alexandra Crisp paused in the doorway before
entering. Almond eyes widened, and her perfect, red lips parted in surprise.

	"Coffeeman?"

	"You were expecting Superman?" He straightened and stepped toward her.
Even though he had brought three highly trained expert masturbatrixes to
screaming orgasm both individually and simultaneously, there was not a wrinkle
in his fabric.

	Alexandra let him step close to her, smiled perceptively, then kissed
his bewiskered cheek. "May as well be Superman. I see you're up to your old
tricks."

	"Hey! Not so old!" he feigned protest.

	Knowing fingers found his cock, and squeezed the rock hard shaft through
his slacks. "And still the man of steel.

	"Bronze."

	"Or Stone Age, you Neanderthal! This thing is so hard it might be
painful. Maybe I'd better have a closer look----I am a medical doctor. Or at
least I play one in the story."

"Ohhh!" she suddenly clenched her thighs together. "Are you writing me horny!?"

	"Maybe a little. Horny looks good on you."

	Dr. Crisp glanced in the mirror above the sink. "This doctor thing suits
me. Wasn't I a game warden last time?"

	"Prison warden."

	"With larger breasts."

	"About the same. I wouldn't change a hair on your head. I like you just
the way you are."

	"Blonde, bitchy, or horny?"

	"Both."

	"And your pen. What kind of author turns his pen into an atomic dildo?"

	"Watch out, Alex. I'll write you on the verge of orgasm and leave you
horny for another six years."

	"Seven. And it wouldn't have been so bad, but I was in that Saudi harem
getting my brains screwed out by that junior prince with the hairy ass."

	"Sorry."

	"Right-O!"

	 And where did you get the Asian girls. Let me guess. Fields avenue in
the Philippines on the way to Viet Nam?"

	 Coffeeman just looked at her. And smiled. Alex squeezed her knees
together and gasped as a powerful orgasm rocketed through her body. Her nipples
were suddenly so sensitive she could almost count the threads in her bra cups.

	 "Bastard!"

	 "No doubt."

	 "And the little strawberry redhead? I thought you liked blondes and
brunettes. Aren't her legs a little too short for you?"

	 Another orgasm raced through her body, and she found her hand was wet
from a puddle of the aphrodisiac Mattie had allowed to leak from the syringe.
The drug was making her head spin, and her thighs feel hot.

	 "Double bastard."

	 "Saudi. There was a this little major..."

	 She gave him a withering stare over the top of her glasses, "Don't tell
me." Then she turned her shapely back on him to see what the girls were doing to
Jimmy.

	 "I think I'll see how you do as an anorexic lesbian with huge
breasts..."

	 "Why don't you write travelogue or editorials?"

	 "Why don't I write you into a story where you get raped, or maybe
you're a boxer getting his face bashed, or a drug addict, or a homeless migrant
worker? How about a war story, maybe the holocaust?"

	 "Thanks, Coffeeman, but no thanks. Keep me in the sex stories. I'll
stay beautiful and keep on screwing your brains out whenever you want to."

	Madeline had her fingers laced around Jimmy's red and erect cock,
masturbating the milk slick organ slowly. With every stroke she circled his knob
with her thumbs. She wasn't milking him yet, only maintaining his erection. He
had just come for the fourth time moments ago, and she knew he'd need a few
minutes to recover. She was still nude, not having had a chance to pull her robe
back on.

	Penny and Fumiko were toweling Jimmy's sweating torso, managing to
caress him and wipe him simultaneously. His eyes rolled upward at the combined
over stimulation. He knew he'd be forced to spurt again very soon.

	Alexandra squeezed her thighs together under her skirt. "Damn you,
Coffeeman, you're making me horny again. "

	"Always seems to work like that for us, Alex."

	"I'd like to make you cum like Jimmy. Strapped down, screaming for
orgasm. Then force you to cum far too many times and beg me to be allowed to
stop."

	"You may at that one day."

	The beautiful doctor smiled her best movie star smile, rows of pearly
white teeth gleamed between full, richly painted red lips. "How about right
now?"

	The man raised an eyebrow and began unbuttoning Dr. Crisp's starched,
white lab coat. "You'll be too busy for that."

	"Too busy doing what?" She already had his zipper down and was
unbuckling his belt.

	He opened her coat and found her wearing only a pink satin bra beneath.
The front clasp opened easily between his fingers and a pair of darkly nippled
orbs spilled out into his palms. He rolled his thumbs over the raspberry
nipples.

	"Cumming." He lifted one breast to his lips and bit the thumb sized
nipple lightly. "You're going to be too busy cumming."

	Alexandra shoved his pants down to his shoes and squirmed her nudity
against his naked torso. "Ohhh, Coffeeman! You always make me cum so good.
You've got the best cock in all the whole world."

	 "I think you're right. Why don't we plug Jimmy in first, and let him
watch for a while."

	"Why should he? We've gotten most of his juices already."

	"That's a little out of character for you. You're supposed to be running
an extraction and teasing clinic, remember? And besides, he's been constantly
tease-tortured and kept in total orgasm denial since this story began in 1986.
How would you like being kept strapped down and teased for 19 years?"

	Alexandra unhooked her skirt and ran the zipper down the side. "Good
idea. He can watch for a while longer. You make me so horny!" When her skirt hit
the floor, she shrugged her shoulders and let her bra fall on top of it. She
pirouetted, nearly naked, heavy breasts swaying gently. "Come on, Coffeeman,
give it to me."

	Jimmy licked his lips hungrily, still suffering beneath the effects of
the aphrodisiac. Dr. Crisp wore only a pink satin g-string, a pair of dark,
back-seamed thigh-high hose, and a pair of pink high heels. His cock lurched at
the thought of being able to fuck her. The woman looked at him and smirked as
she toyed with Coffeeman's massive member. She knew Jimmy would never be able to
put his cock inside of her, only want to and suffer.

	Coffeeman tossed his jacket onto a hook and began pulling his tie loose.
Mattie pulled a special attachment from the drawer of the chrome side stand. The
bright pink attachment was a series of inflatable circular tubes separated by
steel rings. The one-piece contraption attached to the vacuum pump. As she
adjusted a valve at the side, the tubes began to alternately inflate and
deflate, pulsating from tip to base.

	When it was fitted over Jimmy's cock, it totally enveloped his entire
shaft. The alternate inflation and deflation felt like fingers squeezing first
here, then there. It also caused the attachment to move up and down his cock in
a random sucking rhythm, milking him up and down. It felt delicious, as if a
pair of tight lips and a pair of circled fingers were working together to
masturbate and suck him off. It gripped him firmly, squeezing the knob, then the
base, then the shaft, then the knob. It worked silently, squeezing him in an
irresistible milking action.

	He quickly discovered the purpose of the steel rings. Under the
alternate vacuuming and gripping action, his cock swelled enormously. The steel
rings grew tighter, cinching his cock like a dozen cock rings. While the machine
milked him, the rings prevented his cum from passing, making him build up
enormous hydraulic pressure before he could ejaculate.

	"Oh god, please, it makes me need to cum, but won't let me spurt!"

	"We'll have to do something about that, won't we?" Dr. Crisp lifted a
syringe of the drug and squirted it into the air to clear any bubbles. Jimmy's
eyes widened like saucers as she turned the tip toward his naked hip. "No,
please, I've had enough! I can't stand it!"

	"Sorry, Jimmy. I told you that it doesn't matter at all whether you can
stand it or not.  There is nothing you can do to stop this until it's over.
You'll have to endure fully whatever tortures we dream up until I say its time
to stop. Your contract gives us the right to do anything we choose in order to
extract your sperm."

	Penny caressed his swollen balls, bobbing up and down beneath the
automated milking nozzle suckling on his cock. "Delicious, isn't it? I told you
that I'd love torturing you, didn't I? And just wait till Fumi and I get you
home. Slave."

	The needle stung. Then the prick turned to pure, white hot pleasure as
the drug coursed through his body. The now familiar warm and enormously aroused
feeling returned. Penny lifted her breasts and kissed her turgid nipples into
pointed erection as Jimmy strained against the straps.

	"See anything you want, Jimmy dear?" she teased. The wicked little
oriental tongued her nipples, laughingly holding them scant inches from his
mouth.

	"Awwww, poor boy! Want me? Come on and suck my nipples. Poor boy." She
danced before his drug crazed eyes as the white haired man drove his spike into
Alexandra.

	"Please! I'll do anything!" Jimmy croaked as his cock swelled against
the steel rings cinching his cock.

	"Of course you will, Jimmy. Torture does that. It makes you willing to
do anything to make it stop. And since you're strapped down, you can't stop it.
You have nothing to offer except your sperm, and we're taking that from you
whether you like it or not."

	Coffeeman took a step forward with the female doctor impaled on his
cock. He banged the doctor's bare buttocks against the cold wall, driving his
mammoth erection all the way in. She reciprocated, hooking her legs behind his
thighs and driving back as good as she was getting.

	"Am I as good as those little Asian bitches?"

	"Alex, you're always a hot piece of ass." He lunged back, making her
gasp for air as his cock drove all the breath from her.

	"That wasn't the question."

	"Oh, Alex!"

	"Oh Coffeeeeeeemannnnn!"

	Fumiko knelt and reached upward between the two, caressing the man's
balls and thumbing Alexandra's asshole. She squeezed the woman's pussy lips
closed around the massive bronze shaft to increase the pressure and raked her
sensitive clit with her sharpened nails.

	"Arrgh, Ohhh, I'm cuuuuuumming! Damn you Coffeeman! I wanted to feel you
cumming inside me."

	Mattie lifted one of Alexandra's generous breasts to her lips and bit
the nipple hard. Coffeeman lifted the other breast and tounge flickered the
aureole as well. Alexandra's cunt quivered, rippled, then went into global
meltdown. She hunched on the impaling shaft, driving against it, squirming her
clit against his root.

	Pennyko kneaded Jimmy's balls, squeezing at the borderline of pain, as
the milking machine forced another spurt of sperm from him. His cock stayed hard
under the effects of the machine, the masturbatrix and the drugs.

	Mattie was still horny, too. She sandwiched Alexandra and Coffeeman,
pressing her enormous globes against his back. Her lips caressed his ear as she
moaned, "Please give me some of that cock, come on, fuck me, too!"

	Fumiko was still on her knees at their feet, and she kissed Mattie's
bare ass. The platinum dildo was at hand, and she rocketed it upward directly
into the buxom blonde's open pussy.

	"Not the dildo! I want the dick. Make him fuck me."

	"Go ahead, give your cock to her," urged Alexandra. "It's not like
you're going to cum until you want to anyway." Instantly, without missing a
stroke, the Asian girl popped out the dildo and Coffeeman drove his nail into
Madeline's pussy, impaling her to the full depth of it. He spun them both and
began alternately pulling out of one pussy and driving into the other. He
alternated strokes as both women gasped and groaned, cumming simultaneously from
the alternate fucking.

	Fumiko crawled between Jimmy's spread and shackled thighs. She wrapped
her arms around his legs and lifted her head level with his ass. Her tongue
probed between his cheeks, tickling his asshole, licking his balls while the
milking machine sucked unceasingly. There was nothing he could do but spurt
again and again.

	Finally, Coffeeman pushed the two whimpering women away, letting them
collapse to their hands and knees. Both of them were completely fucked out. His
cock was still rigid and throbbing.

	"Awww, Doctor Coffeeman, don't you want to cum too?" Pennyko cooed. She
and her sister crawled across the floor like a pair of Asian pussy cats. Why
don't you let us make you cum?"

	Jimmy lay writhing almost mindlessly in his bonds as the milking machine
chugged on and on unceasingly. His throat emitted a tiny croaking noise as the
machine forced another orgasm from him. A single drop of white fluid sucked down
the collection tube. "No more. Please no more. No more."

	Coffeeman smiled and let the two Asian girls hug his hips and kiss both
sides of his cock simultaneously. Their lips were warm and soothing on his
shaft. "Go ahead. Make me cum, girls."

	"Ohhh, Dr. Coffeeman. I want to drink your cuuuummmm," cooed Penny. Her
lips nibbled nicely on the shaft as her sister suckled the knob. His balls were
alternately tugged and kissed as the girls traded and swapped back and forth.

	The man twisted his fingers into their silky black hair, pulling them
close as their lips brought him to the brink. "Cum for us," the girls cooed.
"Come on Dr. Coffeeman, shoot."

	Mattie and Alexandra had crawled to Jimmy's spread-eagle body. Mattie
was kissing his balls, tickling them with her tongue, fingering his slick
asshole, as the milking machine chugged. "Noooo, Noooo more cummmmm, please..."
Jimmy was mindless, writhing and in sexual agony as every bit of cum was being
extracted from him.

	Alexandra found the energy to stand. She straddled his face and spread
her pussy lips over his mouth, almost suffocating him. He kissed weakly, trying
to tongue her clit but barely finding the strength. She was so sensitized from
fucking Coffeeman, that even the barest contact made her cum again. She pressed
her pussy over his mouth, grinding her clit against his nose cutting off all his
oxygen.

	He bucked in the straps, straining to breathe as Mattie sucked his balls
into her hot mouth. She ran her tongue around the delicate eggs, probing and
sucking as the vacuum device milked yet another cum from his swollen cock.

	As she felt him cumming, Alexandra relaxed her bladder and trickled a
stream of warm piss into mouth. He bucked and swallowed, fighting for breath as
his orgasm surged against the constricting rings and spat into the collection
tubes. As his cock jerked, Alexandra let the fullest stream of urine flow,
filling his mouth and nose.  She delighted in nearly drowning him with her
golden piss.

	The Asian girls laughed as they swapped the big bronze cock. Coffeeman
resisted pushing Penny's head down on his cock, and the girl looked up with a
smile on her face. "I'd like to be mean to you," she said.

	"Mean?"

	"Yeah," laughed Fumiko. "We'd like to take you home and help Mama
torture you. We'd like to tease you and make you horny and not do anything about
it."

	"I'd almost forgotten about Nateesha Li. But she'll be busy with Jimmy.
You girls can all have a little fun. Right now, I need to cum!"

	"And we shouldn't tease you?"

	"If you do, I'll write you chained in a dungeon with a herd of sex
crazed male gorillas suffering from eternal priapism and forget to end the
story."

	Fumi laughed and slipped a tight circle of ruby lips down his shaft. She
sucked down and back up several times, then Penny was ready to dive down and bob
on the bronze member. He caressed their silky black oriental manes, but
manfully, didn't drive his cock down their throats. In moments, with Penny
tonguing one side of his cock and Fumi nibbling on the other, his cum shot out
across the room, spurting on Alexandra's flexing ass cheeks. Mattie giggled and
spanked her on the sticky spot, splattering the white fluid everywhere.

	Suddenly, Jimmy was on the brink yet again. Mattie sucked hard on his
balls, crushing them against the roof of her mouth with her tongue. The mixture
of pain and pleasure was too much for Jimmy, nearly suffocating beneath
Alexandra's pussy. His cock gave a last lurch, and his orgasm made his mind spin
crazily. His cock only leaked a tiny drop into the collection tube before he
cried out in pain. The milking machine droned on and on.

	The quintet left Jimmy suffering under the irresistible cock draining
rhythm of the mechanical extraction machine.  They headed straight for the
adjoining shower, soaping and lathering and having a great time. Well over an
hour later, steam erupted from the bath as the door flung open and they returned
to the treatment room.

	On the cross, Jimmy was so drained that his entire body was limp. Except
his cock. The aphrodisiac had kept his cock rigidly erect and aroused while the
milking machine vacuumed on and on relentlessly. Even as the four began
dressing, he stiffened and quivered, and another tortured orgasm rippled through
his body. Not a particle of liquid ejaculated from his stiff cock.

	The white haired man kissed each of the girls thoroughly and carefully,
patting their damp hair and hugging them goodbye. The door clicked softly and he
was gone. Dr. Crisp and Mattie began rolling the tubing and putting it away
while Pennyko and Fumiko loosened the straps from Jimmy's body. The man was so
exhausted that he turned on his side on the hospital examination bench and
curled into a ball. Fumiko threw a cotton blanket over him.

	"Let him sleep," Penny said. "We can take him home when he awakens." She
pulled the sleeping man's wrists behind him and shackled them with a pair of
brushed steel handcuffs. Fumiko shackled his ankles, and connected the pairs
with a short chain.

	"Give him about a week to recover after that," Mattie smirked as she
probed his deflated cock and balls with a pointed finger.   She held up a large
collection canister full of white fluid. "I think I got all he's going to give
for at least that long."

	Fumiko petted her downy black pelt. "Well, I don't think I can do any
more either after the fucking Coffeeman gave me. How does he do that?" 

	Alexandra smiled wistfully, squeezing her sore thighs together. "Well,
he does it every story."

	From a drawer of the chrome side stand, she withdrew a short curved tube
with an interesting arrangement of steel straps at one end.  She fingered the
the arrangement of BB sized balls welded inside before slipping the appliance
over Jimmy's sleeping cock. The steel straps ratcheted closed. They divided and
separated his balls, locking tightly about the base of his cock. It simply could
not be removed without the key, short of penile amputation. His limp penis slid
tightly inside the narrow tube, curving sharply downward. Jimmy would be totally
unable to escape the appliance.  If he became aroused and his cock tried to
become erect, it would be prohibitively painful.

	Dr. Crisp unzipped a small leather case and unfolded the sides. She
slipped three ampoules of the aphrodisiac into elastic loops. They would be
enough for numerous strong doses. There were a pair of hypodemic syringes and a
supply of needles.  She zipped the case closed and handed it to Penny.

	Jimmy snored.

	 The End

	 "The End? Huh! I'll be back," Alexandra smirked. "And I'd better not be
anorexic! The white haired bastard."

	"Better than that time you were an old pygmy crone with saggy tits
living in a cave in the PI," came a voice from down the hall.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





