BDSM Library - What Color Are My Eyes




What Color Are My Eyes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Concept:The color of eyes being used as a play concept, and as a trigger.
Concept: The color of eyes being used as a play concept, and as a trigger.



He had been slowly getting annoyed at one of the subs he knew. She had a hard
time opening her eyes during a play session, and also had a bad memory for what
color his eyes were. She never seemed to think past the age-old "blue, green,
brown" colors, and none of those fit his eyes. Since one of the things he
enjoyed was staring into a lady's soul as she was submitting all she was to him,
having her eyes closed or unfocused had to be fixed. He did not need them to be
focused on him all the time, or even open all the time, but there were moments
he required it of all his girls.

So how to make sure her eyes were open and focused? He thought it over, and a
devilish smile quirked up the corner of his mouth. He had a plan, so all he had
to do was set a date for her to wander over for a day of fun, and test the idea
out. It felt good to have a plan of action, and he knew no matter what the
outcome, he was going to have fun.

He called her, and when she said her next weekend was free, he told her to plan
on being at his house for the whole weekend. He teased her a little with, "I
have a new idea that you are going to hate/love every minute of." He could
almost hear her mind working and wondering what was in store. He also told her
to bring a few changes of clothes, but to wear a skirt she would be comfortable
walking through parks in, and to use her imagination for the rest.

He woke up early on Saturday despite the fact that no alarm was set. His energy
had recharged, and arousal levels were high as all the thoughts of what he
planned for later in the day flew through his head. He grabbed some clothes as
he headed to the shower. He stopped by the CD player to throw in the
Cruxshadows' Wishfire to get him in the right dark and deep mood. He left the
door unlocked so she could wander in.

He was just moving some books that he has finished reading to the back room when
he heard the door open and close. He smiled as he went out into the living room
to greet her. She was wearing a women's tennis outfit. She smiled when she saw
him. He reached for her and gave her a big hug and kiss. He offered a seat on
the couch, and they chatted for a little while, catching up on the last few
weeks. He held her hand and lightly ran his fingers up and down her bare arms,
and then finally pulled her into a hug while she kept chatting. He enjoyed the
feeling of her back to his front, while his arms wrapped around her.

The conversation continued as he slowly lowered his hand to her legs and started
to move his fingers in slow patterns, trailing higher and higher as her skirt
slid up. She finally sighed and stopped talking while she started to run her
hands up his arms. "So just what did you have in mind for today?" she said as
she tapped his hands, which had reached the edge of her panties, with her skirt
almost totally out of the way now.

He slid one of his hands to lightly cup her sex through her panties, as he
pulled up his other hand to cup her breast. He whispered, "I want to play with
you all day." He lightly bit her earlobe and asked, "Do you want to be close if
not in sub space all day?"

"If you promise more of this later, I am yours for the weekend, dear," she told
him with a sexy voice, as her hips started to make circle motions under his
hand. It had been a while since she had been played with, and just his hints and
the touching were all her body needed to remember what it wanted.

He asked, "Want to know the day's plans, or shall it be a surprise as it
unfolds?"

"Surprise me," she answered.

"Well, I am hungry, so we are going to start with lunch," he said. He nudged her
to stand up and he followed suit, adjusting his jeans a little, which amused her
to no end. He just swatted her rump with his free hand to get her moving toward
the front door, and he chuckled at her.

He headed to the drive-through at the local burger joint, where they picked up a
snack on the way to the park. She raised her eyebrow at him as they pulled into
the park. He kept making turn after turn, and she could not figure out where
they were going until they pulled up in front of the Disk Golf course. He just
grinned at her as he got out and let her out of the car. "I don't play disk
golf, you know," she said.

He just grinned as he replied, "I know, but I do, and since I wanted to play a
round, and you could use the fresh air, I made the choice to play. And you are
going to be my caddy."

"Caddy?" she asked.

He nodded and said, "Oh yeah, my caddy."

He popped open the trunk and pulled out his disk golf bag and some sunscreen. He
motioned her over and sat her on the trunk while he started to put sunscreen on
her. "I can do that, you know," she said.

"But I want to do it, and I want to make sure you do not miss any spots," he
said as his hands pushed the lotion right up to her panties, slipping under them
and teasing the edge of her sex. He could see her nipples getting hard right
through the white shirt and bra at this treatment and teasing right in the
middle of the parking lot. He looked right and left and said, "I want to see
them nipples a little better," and just pulled her shirt right over her head.
While she was still looking at him in a little bit of shock, he removed her bra
and tucked it into the disk golf bag. He ran his hands over her hard nipples,
then leaned down and ran his tongue over them, teasing until they were nice and
hard.

When she closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation, he sneaked one of the round
nipple stimulators out of his pocket and slipped it on one of her nipples,
smiling as her eyes flew open in shock. It was a cute disk make in the shape of
the sun, but with the middle cut out, and fitted with a rubber substance. He
pushed this over the nipple and pulled the hard nipple through the middle of it.
The rubber kept it a tight fit so it would not fall off, and the size of the
opening would keep her nipples hard for a long while. "I like your eyes wide
open," he teased, getting an evil grin with thoughts on where he would take that
later.

So with her eyes watching him closely now, he put the other nipple disk on her
and then tweaked both of them, getting a slight show of pain/pleasure from her.
"You cannot be wanting to keep me like this all afternoon, can you?" she almost
pleaded with him. He just gave his best devilish grin as he pulled her hands
straight up and put her shirt back on. He nodded to himself; there was no hiding
her hard nipples through the shirt now. He reached up to brush one through the
shirt, and got a tiny gasp from her with the sensation. He thought to himself,
yes, that will be just perfect.

He then pulled her off the car, turned her around, and bent her over the trunk.
"Need to make sure we cover all the skin with sunscreen," he teased her as he
lifted her skirt up and grabbed her panties, pulling them into a makeshift
thong. He slapped her a few times, and then gave her a fast spanking right there
in the parking lot, as she did all she could to not cry out and attract any
attention to her state. She also made sure to keep her chest off the trunk, as
the heat from the metal warmed her already warm nipples right up. He then took
the sunscreen and covered her ass with the lotion. "Hmm, you are starting to
turn red, so need to make sure it is well covered in lotion to stop the burn,"
he said. She just groaned at that bad pun, as the sun had nothing to do with her
slightly red ass. He smoothed the skirt back down after making sure her legs had
a nice layer of sunscreen also.

He pulled her hands behind her back, and she heard a "click, click," as he
locked her thumbs in thumb cuffs. He then pulled her back to a standing pose and
put her locked thumbs inside the waistband of her skirt. She gasped and looked
at him in shock as understanding came to her. "You bastard, you are going to
tease me all afternoon with me like this," she said.

He pulled her close for a kiss and told her, "And you are going to love every
minute of it, dear." With just her thumbs cuffed and tucked into her skirt, a
casual onlooker would not be able to tell she was bound. It just looked like she
was posing a little in a relaxed way. From her point of view, having her
arms/hands/thumbs cuffed behind her back forced her breasts--and more
importantly, her nipples--straight out. He liked the slight red blush she had,
as she settled into the thought of spending the entire course like this. He put
a little suntan lotion on her face and the rest of the spots he missed, and gave
her a warm kiss.

He then unfastened the strap to the disk golf bag and ran it over one of her
shoulders to her other side, so she was now carrying it. "Hmm, something is
missing. Oh, I know what," he said. He took out a white lace choker and put it
around her neck, running his hand through her hair and smiling at how good it
looked on her. He then took out a leash and attached it to one of the front belt
loops of her skirt. "While I would love to leash and collar you, that might be a
tad too public, so this will have to do for now," he informed her.

"Well, my caddy, you ready to start?" he asked.

She just kind of raised an eyebrow at him and said, "Sure."

He chuckled at her and started to walk toward the first hole of the course, with
the end of the leash on her skirt pulling her along after him. There was almost
no one at this course today, because of a championship being run at another
local disk golf course. He had no desire to see the championship, but it left
this course nice and empty to "play" on. He tucked the lead into her front
pocket so it would not drag, while he selected a disk from his bag. All she
could do was stand there and look sexy and slightly flushed. He wound up and
threw the disk down the field, and thought, not a bad throw. He grabbed the
leash again and led her to where his disk landed. He put the disk away in the
bag and selected another one. After one more throw and changing to a putter
disk, he made par.

Off they went to the second tee. He took another disk from the bag and said,
"You might be good luck, and so let's make a game of it. Let's test your
knowledge. I will tell you what disk I am throwing and why for the first nine
holes, and then I will have you select what disk I should use for the last nine
holes."

She replied, "OK, that does not sound hard." Then she saw that look in his eye
and knew he would be adding something to the "game."

"To make it more fun, since they call them strokes, why not ten strokes on that
behind of yours for each stroke I am over par for the last half of the course,"
he teased her.

"Do I have a choice?" she asked, sounding nervous.

"No, my dear, cause I want to have fun, and I can promise you, you will have fun
as well," he answered.

He told her what all the different disks do and why he was picking each one as
they continued the course. She thought she could remember it all, even if there
was an almost electrical pulse flowing through her each time he seemed to
"accidentally" brush her nipples while reaching around her to pull out the disk
he wanted from the bag she was carrying. The shirt was also rubbing her nipples
with each step and bounce along the trail, making it hard to think of anything
else.

The entire disk golf course was set up as one long U-turn: the first nine holes
went into the forest, and the last nine holes wound back out to the parking lot.
He pulled her to hole nine and then threw a good round. As he went to retrieve
his disk, he led her away from the course into the woods a little further.

When they were out of sight of the course, he pulled the leash up short and put
a hand behind her head to pull her into a kiss, while pressing her body into
his. He could feel her body against his and could feel her rock-hard nipples
through both of their shirts. He broke off the kiss after a few moments and
asked, "So how are the nipples doing, my dear?"

"They are going to be rubbed raw soon, if you leave these things on too much
longer."

He pulled the front of her shirt up to expose her breasts and the silver jewelry
around her nipples, and then he slowly lowered his mouth and licked each nipple
in long strokes. He watched her eyes flutter shut as he did so and grinned. "So
what will the lady offer for her nipples to get some rest until later tonight?"
he asked.

"Later?"

He just loved how her hands were still trapped behind her back, sticking her
breasts WAY out and leaving her helpless to his touch. "Let's leave tonight's
fun out of it, and worry about the here and now," he said as he put the palm of
his hand over one of the nipples and started to move it in slow circles, making
sure she could feel every inch of skin; then he moved on to the other nipple and
repeated the action. He watched her eyes get wide and her mouth slowly open with
a sound half between a moan and a scream.

After less than a minute she gasped, "Anything, I will do anything, My Lord."

"Then anything it is," he said. He slowly pulled the jewelry off her breast,
causing a cry of pain as the metal slid over the nipple. He then took the entire
nipple in his mouth and licked and kissed it, making her body jerk a little from
the intense sensations, but he knew the touching would lessen the pain. Then he
put his hand on the other nipple as he heard her say over and over under her
breath, "oh my god, oh my god" in a slight mantra, as she knew what was about to
happen again. He pulled the jewelry off her and once again took her nipple in
his mouth and gave it all of his attention. He felt her body start to buckle a
little and thought she might be having an orgasm just from this breast play.

He pulled out a disk-cleaning towel and laid it on the forest floor beside a
tree, and then turned her around so he could remove the thumb cuffs. "So . . .
anything . . . will start with some oral fun from my lady, since she has had
most of the attention so far," he told her as he pointed to the towel for her to
kneel. She knelt with a smile on her face as she reached up to his jeans and
pulled down the zipper. She worked his penis free from his underwear and wasted
no time taking the base of his shaft in her hand while she slowly licked the
head. He had been slightly hard all through the course, but playing with her
back here had turned him on in all kinds of kinky ways. Looking down at her very
red and still very erect nipples bouncing a little from her shirt still pulled
up and over her breasts as she licked him was an incredible high. He knew he
could orgasm right now, but wanted to prolong the experience as long as
possible.

She was very good at what she was doing, and soon he was leaning against the
tree for support. He knew if he let her continue, he was a goner, and while he
loved the feel of her mouth, he enjoyed orgasms while taking the women more. He
reached down to her hair and pulled her off him. "Oh my, you are way too good at
that," he managed to say between a moan and a compliment. He walked around
behind her, while still holding her hair, and slowly lowered her head to the
ground. That left him with a nice view of a barely covered ass and bunched-up
panties. He flipped the skirt over her back and took her panties off by having
her lift one knee then the other. He reached into his pocket for a condom, and
in just a few seconds was ready for his fun. He spread her legs wide and thrust
right into her. He loved the feel of a wet pussy sliding along his shaft. He got
a firm grip on her hips and took her with all the lust that had built up inside
of him.

He had no idea how long he made love to her in that position, but it seemed like
forever, and but a few moments at the same time. He was slowly getting tired,
and his nerves and will to hold back the orgasm were failing. He finally made
one last, long thrust and held her hips to him as he came inside her. He knew
she had had at least one or two orgasms during this, and she always came when
she felt him spend himself inside her.

He collapsed beside her and pulled her to him, with her back to his chest. He
whispered in her ear, "That was nice, but we still have a ways to go, and I
still have something special planned for you later." He spent the next couple of
minutes catching his breath while hugging her to him and every now and then
kissing her neck. He told her, "We still have to see how many strokes of my hand
on your ass you can earn," as he slapped her lightly. She "eep"ed a little at
that statement.

After they got themselves straightened out, he was feeling his devilish nature
come back, and with her watching him, he took her panties and put them into the
pocket of the bag that already held her bra. She gave him a slight look of
annoyance and lust. He then took her hands and put them together in front of
her, and used the leash that was on her belt and the strap on the disk golf bag
to tie her wrists together. "There, now you are tied again, but can still get
disks out of the bag to hand to me. Remember, it is now your choice," he teased.

She stamped her foot and said, "That is so unfair, you spend nine holes telling
me all the details, then fuck my brains out, so I can barely remember my name,
let alone all of the details you just explained to me."

He smirked at her. "You did not seem all that opposed to the idea a little while
ago," he chuckled.

She walked up to him and gave him a kiss. "I did enjoy it, a lot, and you know
it. But that still does not change the fact that you are very evil in how you
planned this." He made a motion of taking off his halo and polishing it before
putting it back on top of his head. She giggled and rolled her eyes at him.

He led her to hole ten and grinned as he held out his hand for a disk. She
looked into the bag and bit her lip a little while trying to remember which disk
did what. She did remember the long driver, and hoped it would work on this hole
well. He threw it, and it seems to coast toward the pin in the correct manner.
He wandered to his disk, leading her behind him again, and while picking the
disk up, he made the motion of standing very slowly, while running his hands up
her legs. He teased her while she had nothing on to stop him from lightly
caressing her more private parts, which were still a little sensitive from all
the play earlier. Then he asked her for the next disk. "You are sooooo
cheating," she teased him, as she knew he was trying to distract her to earn her
more of a spanking.

At the next hole, he nibbled her neck a little before asking for the next disk.
She handed him a disk without even really looking at it, as she was very
distracted. That shot did not go so well, and it took a few more shots to get it
into the chains of the basket. He just grinned and tsked at her while holding up
two fingers to show two over par. He could almost see her heart racing a little
now.

He pulled his disk out of the basket, and as he handed it to her to put back in
the bag, he grabbed the bag her hands were tied to and led her to the basket. He
pulled the bag over the basket, causing her to put her arms over the basket
while the rim of the basket kept her legs back a little. The net effect was that
she was now bent over a basket with the pen number caught on the bag, holding
her in place. He walked up behind her and delighted in slowing pulling her skirt
up and running his hands over her bare bottom. "Hmm, I think we agreed on ten
per stroke over par?" he said is a slightly smug voice. She was trembling a
little at being so exposed and about to be punished in such a public place, even
if she could not see anyone around as yet. He slowly pulled his hand back to
savior the anticipation of the stroke.

SMACK, went the first stroke, and he let his hand linger on her bottom, as he
wanted the first few to be just a warm-up. He raised his hand again, and SMACK
on the other cheek. SMACK again, fast. He ran his nails over the slightly red
marks his hands had left. He smiled and thought it was time to turn up the
temperature and finish out the spanking fast. He put his left arm around her
waist as he stood to her side. He could feel her bracing, as she knew it was
about to get more intense. He raised his hand up and took a small breath. SMACK,
SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, he rained down the blows as fast as his hand can
move.

He was mentally counting each and every blow, and when he reached twenty, he
stopped and let his hand linger on her bottom once again. She was breathing
hard, and he was very proud she managed not to make a single sound. He leaned
down and gave a kiss to one of his hand marks, and lowered her skirt. He then
pulled the bag off the pin and hugge her as he lowered his hands to her bottom.
She gasped a little as he squeezed.

Over the next few holes he noticed she managed to keep her wits about her a
little more, even with the slight distractions he was causing her. "Just think,
only seven more holes left," he whispered into her ear.

"Oh my," she said, then made a small plea: "You will play better after all the
practice, right?" He laughed and led her to the next hole.

He did his best to play the next few holes well, and while she did not pick the
best disk every time, he could make up for it with a little extra effort on the
throw. It was not until the seventeenth hole that a slight mistake put him at
one over par. He just grinned at her and said, "Well, we are close to the end
and a little too close to the parking lot, so I guess I will just have to take
the strokes out on thee at home." She looked both thankful and disappointed at
the same time. Just to add a little fun to the mix, he untied her and told her,
"I want you to try this last hole on your own, to make it more interesting." She
gave him that wide-eyed look. He could almost see her thinking it could not be
that hard. He stepped back and watched her line up the first shot. She threw
with all her might, and he just loved to see her braless breasts bounce, and the
twirl of the throw raised up her skirt in a wonderful full-view way. The first
throw was not bad, but it landed about half as far as his normal throws went. It
takes time to get good at throwing, and he smiled to himself that she had picked
the right disk at least.

He followed along after her as she went to each disk to make her next throw. She
did a good job for no practice today, but still ended up with a three over par.
"So that makes four over par, as we need to count yours as well, right?" he told
her as they walked back to the car.

"Hey, no fair!" she squeaked.

He gave her bottom a fast swat and said, "All is fair in love and play."

When they got to the car, he threw the disk golf bag into the trunk and locked
it shut. He turned and saw her big eyes. "Oh that's right, you have some clothes
in there," he said while totally ignoring the trunk and walking over to open her
door for her. He could not help but grin from ear to ear as he gestured for her
to take her seat. She just rolled her eyes at him and smiled a little herself,
as his good mood and devilish actions were contagious. Before she got in, he
reached over to the leash still attached to her belt and pulled her to him. He
then grabbed her hair with his free hand and kissed her strongly. His other hand
trailed down her back and cupped her bare ass under her skirt. After kissing her
for a few moments he told her it was time to go home to continue the fun.

As she sat down, he grabbed ahold of the back of her skirt so it rode up her ass
and back, causing her bare bottom to touch the seat. After she swungs her legs
into the car, he put the seat belt on her, and then took her hands and put them
over her head and behind the seat. "Keep your hands here. I would tie them, but
I am sure I can trust ya," he told her. He walked to his side and got in, and as
he put the keys into the car, he turned and just took all of her into his vision
and let it sink into his mind. He loved times like this and could not imagine
his good fortune to have such a lovely lady obeying him and looking so sexy in
the car seat beside him.

She was a little flushed from all the necking at the door, and a little
disheveled at all the play/sex on the course. Her skirt was not hiding much of
anything. Her breasts were pressed into her white cotton shirt and looked more
erotic than if bare. Her choker still drew the eyes to the neck and thoughts of
all the fun things one could do with one's mouth to it. Her hair had that "used
well" slightly frizzled look to it. He had to reach over and run his hands up
her legs and right between them while leaning over and kissing her lightly on
the lips. He spread her legs wide and could feel the slight whimper on her lips
as he started to slowly stroke her clit and run his finger up and down her moist
opening.

He broke off his kisses and pulled his hand away while smiling at her. "We will
be home soon, and I get to test a theory I have on your memory," he said. She
just blinked with a little bit of lust at him, a tad too distracted for
conversation. When they got home, he released the seat belt and pulled her out
of the car and into a hug. "That was the warm-up. Now for the main event," he
whispered into her ear.

He opened the front door to the house and followed her in. He stopped her in the
middle of the living room and asked, "Are you ready for the rest of the
evening?"

She nodded and said, "Yes, my Lord."

He snapped his fingers and pointed down. She knelt with knees spread and resting
on the back of her feet, hands linked behind her back and chest pushed out,
while her eyes looked down. "Take all your clothes off, but leave the choker
on," he ordered. In a flash she was naked but for the choker and in the same
kneeling position. He ran his hand through her hair and then walked behind her
to cup her breasts. He tweaked the nipples a little to get them nice and hard.
He could not help but smile at what he was going to use them for later in the
night. He nibbled on her ear and then slowly kissed down her neck. Then he
worked his way back to her other ear while he whispered, "Going to have to break
you of some bad habits, small one."

He pulled out his key to the cedar toy chest and unlocked it. He moveed a few
items around in the chest to watch her start to breathe a little faster
wondering what was coming next. He wanted to start simple, because it would make
the rest of the night easier. He pulled some rope out of the chest and walked up
behind her again. He folded the rope in half and began to tie her. He started
with an X across her chest, and then wove that into a rope bra. He pulled out
another rope and started to tie her breasts up so they were sticking out very
straight and a little strained, and attached that rope to the rope bra already
on her.

She had closed her eyes while feeling the rope slide over her skin. He thought,
those eyes will not stay closed long, but for now it was ok.

He ran his hands lightly over her breasts and just tooko a few minutes to play
with them, but he avoided the nipples completely, as he has other plans for
them. He could tell she was a little confused that he had not tied her hands
behind her back as yet. He got up and walked over to the end chair in the living
room, and commanded her to follow. He pointed to the chair and ordered, "Sit and
put your hands behind your neck." While she settled herself into the chair he
walked back to the toy chest for some more rope and a red ribbon. He walked back
over to her and could see she was shaking just a little. He wondered if there
was something in his smile as he approached her that caused it. He had such
wonderful plans for this night, he must have let some of the dark and wonderful
thoughts escape to his expression.

He took her hair in his hands and straightened it out a little and pulled it
back. He then started to weave the ribbon through it and put it all into a long
ponytail. He took the ribbon and tied it over the back of the chair, forcing her
head to be held up straight. He next took her hands and pulled them over her
head as well and tied them together and to the back of the chair. He let a
little bit of an evil chuckle escape him as he moved in front of her again. He
just loved to see a beautiful nude woman held helpless in front of him. He moved
his face level with hers and stared her in the eyes for a moment to make her see
him, and then he moved into kissing her sweet lips. He forced them open with his
tongue a little and played with her tongue before withdrawing again to finish up
the roping.

He took her feet off the ground and put them on the seat cushion and spread her
legs. He could already see her sex opening of its own accord and a little
wetness glistening in the light. He took some rope and tied her calf to her
thigh on each leg and then used his last piece of rope to tie one leg to wrap
around behind the chair and attach to the other leg. This forced her to keep her
knees held close to her body but also kept her legs spread wide, putting her on
complete display. Her arms and hair were tied behind the back of the chair,
leaving her completely open and helpless to anything he wanted to do. He knelt
between her legs and leaned over her to slowly kiss her neck. He glanced up for
a second and told her while looking her in the eye, "You must not orgasm unless
you are kissing me, as I have grand plans for you tonight."

He went back to slowly licking and biting down her neck and up the other side.
When she was softly moaning from that, he used his tongue to trace a path
between her breasts. He did not want to spend too long on the breasts just yet,
so he only lightly sucked and licked each of them before trailing his tongue
over her stomach and further down. He could feel her body start to arch a
little, as she knew VERY well what he was most likely to do next.

He wanted to really test her control. He started at first with long licks up and
down along the outer edge of her pussy. He loved to feel the flesh open up under
his tongue while he did that. When she was good and wet and starting to get
involuntary twitches of her muscles, he slid his hands up her legs and used his
fingers to slowly enter her as his tongue moved up and concentrated on her clit.
He moved two of his fingers in and out faster and faster as his tongue moved to
the same rhythm. Her whole body trembled, and she was starting to pant with the
effort of not having an orgasm. He finally got a begging "please my lord,
please" out of her, and knew now was the time to train his sub a little bit.

He withdrew his fingers and tongue and reached back to the toy box and pulled
out the clover clamps. "I am going to test your ability to keep your eyes open
on command my pet," he told her. Her eyes seem to be focused on the clover
clamps as they swayed back and forth. She started to breathe a bit faster and
tense up a little as he took one of them in his hand while his other hand
reached down to play with her nipple. Her eyes started to close from the
sensations, but he ordered, "EYES open, small one, and keep them open."

He leaned forward again and moved his body between her legs, staring her in the
eyes and smiling. He slowly attached the clover clamp to the first nipple and
watched her eyes unfocus for a moment but stay open. "Good girl," he told her.
"Just a little further to go." He reached down and started to play with the
other nipple, and slowly lowered the clamp to it, watching her eyes follow its
motion. He let go of the clamp and watched her reaction. Her eyes closed at the
intense sensation. "Eyes open now," he said. She managed to open her eyes even
though he could tell she was not seeing anything but light.

He kissed her fully on the mouth and let the chain of the clover clamps dangle
in his hand. He broke off the kiss and reached into the toy box for a strong
vibrator. "Oh god," he heard her say almost against her will. He turned the
vibrator on and held it to her clit, knowing it would drive her crazy. "Now all
you have to do is answer a few simple questions and you can orgasm all you
want," he said. Her body was already breaking out in a sweat from the
sensations. "Just answer three of them, and wait for me to tell you they are
correct, and then you are free."

Her eyes were already half closed, but he wanted to see them open, wanted to see
his reflection in them while he was looking into her soul during her release.
Just to give added meaning to his questions, he took up some of the slack in the
chain to the clover clamps, causing a gasp from her.

"What color are my eyes, small one?"

Her eyes widened a little at the question and focused on his intensely for the
first time. "Blue," she answered.

"Wrong," he said and pulled on the chain a little, causing a cry to escape her
lips. He could tell the pain and the vibrator were short-circuiting her brain,
but he would require her to process a little information and give him the
correct answer. He leaned forward and almost touched her nose with his. "What
color is that again?" he asked.

He saw her eyes open very wide with a little bit of her hair threatening to
block her view if it fell too much more. "Grayish blue," she answered in a very
shaky voice.

He lessened the tension on the chain a little and said, "Correct. Now describe
them without using colors."

She trembled with the efforts on her body still, and her eyes were half closed
again. He knew her mind was completely turning off, but he would have his three
answers. "They are the storm from the dawn of a new day," she answered with a
slight smirk in her voice.

Ow . . . that was good, he thought, and wondered if she had been sneaking a peek
at his journals. "Nice one," he told her. "Just one more question, small one.
What weapon can you see reflected in my eyes?" He pulled the chain up on the
clamps to focus sensations a little more. He liked how the nipples were now held
almost suspended in the air with her breasts dangling from them.

"A sword piercing my heart," she screamed out.

He just grinned and grinned, as she had kept her eyes open and looking at his
for most of the session now. He wanted to blow her mind totally, so he decided
to push her limit. "I am going to allow you to have as many orgasms as you wish,
with one small limit. You must hold this chain in your teeth, and when you
release it, you will be back to your old rules," he teased. He then pulled the
chain up and put it in her teeth, stretching the nipples out and holding the
breasts high. Her eyes started to water a little as she bit down on the chain.
He took the vibrator off her clit and slowly slid it deep inside her, while with
his tongue and lips he teased her clit. He could not help but feel clever tying
her hair up to force her head back, as now she could not lower it to lessen the
tension on her nipples.

Between licking, sucking, and a little nibbling, he felt her body rock as much
as it could in its bounds as she went crazy with her orgasm. She made an
interesting moan, as her teeth were still holding the chain attached and holding
her nipples away from her breasts. He slowed down his actions and just started
to do very long and slow licks, as she was already over-sensitive. That threw
her into several mini-orgasms. He knew her nipples were already going to be on
fire, so hefigured it was time to take the clamps off before she came down from
her endorphin high. He slid up her body and took the chain from her mouth,
causing a cry to escape her throat as the pressure of the nipples was released.
"Take a deep breath," he told her. When she did so, he released the clamps on
her nipples and watched her back arch from the pain and sensation while she let
out her breath. He took his hands and put them over the nipples to lessen the
pain of the blood rushing back.

When her back stopped arching, he was feeling very good, and horny as hell. How
could a man not get aroused after such a beautiful sight? He wanted her NOW. He
pulled his underwear down with his pants and after putting a condom on fast,
plunged into her wet pussy, which was still held wide open. He started to move
his body and cock slowly, so very slowly, in and out of her, making her feel
every thrust. He leaned between her spread knees and licked a nipple to get a
small whimper out of her as he moved up to look her in the face again. Her eyes
were all but closed, and she was starting to breathe hard again, so he gave her
a deep kiss. He was still moving in and out slowly when he asked in a very husky
voice, "So what is the color of my eyes, small one?"

"Grayish blue, my Lord," she answered with a smile and wide-open eyes as she
stared into his eyes on cue. She was slowly learning when he wanted to see her
eyes wide open, and that brought a smile to him that all but radiated pleasure
from his soul. He started to speed up his lovemaking and wanted to try to throw
her over the edge one last time. He moved his lips just out of reach of her
mouth. He could see her stretching to kiss him, but her hair bondage was holding
her back. As a fast tease he reached out his tongue and licked her lips, but
kept her from kissing him. Now he sped up to a fast and hard pounding, bringing
little sounds from her mouth with each thrust. He rubbed his nose with hers but
still stayed out of reach of a kiss. Time to put all the nerves on full alert,
as he reached down and started to rub and play with her nipples with one hand.
She was right on the edge, but like a good little sub, she had learned not to
orgasm until her trigger.

"Please..." she said.

"Please what?" he countered. He licked the tip of her nose to tease her a
little.

"Please kiss me, my lord," she said.

"You want to be kissed, small one? Will you never ever forget the color of my
eyes? Will you always keep your eyes open and staring into my soul when I
require of it you? Will you strive to be the best sub that you can possibly be?"
he asked, ending each question with a pause of his thrusting deep inside her. He
knew that drove her crazy after the long hard thrusts.

"Yes, oh yes," she managed to say between gasps.

"Tell me and make your promise," he demanded.

She took a breath and started to talk between thrusts. "I promise never to
forget your eye color, I promise to let you look into my soul when you are
playing with me, I promise to be the best sub I can be, I am yours to do with as
you wish, my Lord." He smiled, and with one last thrust he reached a hand behind
her head and gave her a long, long, passionate kiss. Her whole body shuddered
and as her muscles grabbed him and squeezed his cock for all they were worth, he
released his own control and orgasmed himself. He held himself deep inside her
while his own muscles contracted, and just enjoyed the feeling of his chest
pressing into hers, his cock deep inside her, and her lips locked on his.

As they came down from their high, he pulled out and started to untie her from
her bondage. He was careful and massaged her legs as he untied them. Then he
untied her hair and hands and rubbed the muscles there as well. He helped her to
stand unsteadily on her feet to finish her stretching. When she was all
stretched out, he sat back down into the chair and motioned for her to sit on
his lap. She sat sideways to him and nuzzled her nose into his neck, while he
put his arms around her and held her tight. "Thanks for another great night,"
she said.

"My pleasure," he responded,as he pulled her face toward his for a last long
kiss before going into cuddle mode for the rest of the afternoon.

..............

A few weeks later they were out in public having a good time, but she started to
get a little bratty. So he just went up to her and asked her one simple
question. "What color are my eyes, small one?" She shuddered a little while a
hand went to her breasts, and all brashness went right out of her. He could get
used to this.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shadeofnight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





