BDSM Library - Execution of the Terrorist Housewives




Execution of the Terrorist Housewives
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three beautiful young women are found guilty of participation in an act of mass terrorism and condemned to an unspeakable fate.Author's note: This story is completely fiction. Should any name used in
  this work be the same as that of a real person, it is pure coincidence. The
  author in no way condones the use of violence, torture, or capital punishment
  by individuals or governments. - Jill  
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives  by Jill Crokett
  (copyright 2004)     
   
Main Characters  : Diane Howell, age 41, divorced, mother
  of Tracy  
 Tracy Howell, single, age 15  
 Sara Stahler, age 32, married, mother of a young boy  
 Anne Bowden, 38, single, never married, women's prison warden  
   
Prolog   
The United States had changed profoundly by 2052. After unidentified terrorists
  had detonated a small improvised nuclear device in Houston, Texas in 2037 -
  at a cost of an estimated 180,000 lives - the country had floundered into a
  neurotic state of social introversion approximating that of a xenophobic Orwellian
  republic on the edge of economic collapse. Like a bear burning its energy by
  haplessly swatting at the tiny bee which had stung it, the antiterrorist wars
  had depleted the nation's coffers without tangible success.  
What followed were the revocation of many basic civil rights and the amending
  of the Constitution - removing the clause forbidding  "cruel
  and unusual punishment" and replacing it with a clause mandating  "appropriate
  punishment for the crime." Judicial retribution ruled the day. Most Americans,
  on an emotional level, believed they were personally a victim, and they craved
  justice. Juries handed out death sentences at an increasing rate. Traditional
  prison sentences, as a cost-saving measure, were now frequently passed over
  in exchange for severe corporal punishments, all legalized by new antiterrorist
  laws and constitutional augmentation.  
As in all suicide-bombing crimes, the perpetrator vanishes at the moment
  he appears. America had evolved into a paranoid land, both emotionally numb
  and ethically bankrupt - a land of many victims &ndash; and in desperate need
  of perpetrators to punish. This is a story of three women who lived in that
  time.  
The Tunnel Blast   
The four-lane, twin tube, 16 mile long Clinton Tunnel connecting New Jersey
  with Long Island had opened with much fanfare in 2029, and was named to honor
  the late president who had served the people of New York. It was the longest
  transportation tunnel in the Western Hemisphere, and had been the most expensive
  civil engineering public works project in American history.  
On March 22, 2052, Middle Eastern terrorists, in the country posing as Central
  American guest workers, succeeded in causing one of America's worst days of
  terror since Los Angeles '37. Relying on the assistance of collaborators to
  block the tunnel's east exit during the bumper to bumper afternoon rush hour,
  the terrorists succeeded in detonating a disguised propane truck in the middle
  of the tunnel, killing over 1,700 and seriously burning almost two thousand
  more. As the gasoline in each successive vehicle in the tunnel exploded, the
  resulting Domino effect created a blowtorch which burned for three days, eventually
  melting the concrete walls of the tunnel.  
Among the victims was a busload of schoolchildren returning from a field
  trip. They were burned alive. Of the 'fortunate' survivors, over 100 required
  extremely extensive skin grafts to more than 50% of their bodies, and hundreds
  more were disfigured for life from third degree burns.  
The Investigation   
Since the terrorists themselves perished in the tunnel explosion, the investigation
  quickly focused on those who had used their vehicles to block both exit lanes
  of the Clinton Tunnel on March 22, 2052. It was found that the two &quot;blocking&quot; vehicles
  were registered to the fictitious Hispanic names used by the Middle Eastern
  terrorists. But it was also determined that those two suicide-bomber terrorists
  were driving the disguised propane truck on March 22, not the blocking vehicles.
  This was confirmed by digital video cameras located at the tollbooth at the
  west entrance to the tunnel. What was also determined by those cameras was
  the visual identity of the persons believed to be operating the vehicles which
  stopped and blocked the tunnel's exit at the other end. Since those blocking
  vehicles were not destroyed in the disaster, investigators quickly matched
  those vehicles with images of vehicles entering the tunnel at the other end
  that afternoon. The cameras showed that the two blocking vehicles were each
  driven by a single female with relatively short hair. The two females were
  both Caucasian.  
The first of those females, then referred to by investigators as female A,
  appeared to have straight, short light to medium brown hair, cut with bangs
  in a wedged taper just slightly above the ear lobes on each side. Her hair
  naturally parted in the middle. She was of medium to slightly heavy build and
  appeared to be somewhat tan. She was attractive and appeared to be in her late
  thirties.  
The second female, referred to as female B, also appeared to be the sole
  occupant of her vehicle. Female B had slightly longer and lightly curled very
  light blond hair, possibility bleached or highlighted. It seemed to be parted
  to one side and just covered both of her ears completely, but did not touch
  the neckline. She appeared to be of a lighter build but was not exactly petite.
  She had a very fair complexion. Female B was younger, probably early 30's,
  and was also quite attractive.  
A third suspect was seen, not on the tollbooth video, but on the tunnel's
  hidden exit video camera. After stopping both of their vehicles and blocking
  both exit lanes, the perpetrators were seen exiting their vehicles and getting
  into a get-away vehicle which was parked and waiting at the tunnel exit. As
  traffic backed up inside the tunnel the get-away vehicle left the scene with
  its three occupants just before the explosion.  
The get-away vehicle, which investigators referred to as the pickup vehicle,
  was driven by a short, youthful looking, female teenager with long-hair and
  a small build. She had either light brown or reddish hair which fell down her
  back to her mid shoulder blade level. It appeared she had straight-cut bangs.  
The digitally enhanced tollbooth and tunnel exit photos of the women were
  distributed to news organizations about three weeks after the bombing. Those
  images of two early middle aged females were soon broadcast on television news
  networks throughout the world. Almost immediately, investigator began receiving
  hundreds of calls. Three suspects were quickly identified. All were western
  Long Island suburban residents, and all three females where quickly brought
  in for questioning.  
Soccer-mom Diane   
   
Diane Howell was the attractive 41-year-old divorced mother of an active,
  flirtatious 15-year-old teenage daughter. Her physical attractiveness presented
  itself in a somewhat matronly way. At 5'4" and 165lbs she was modestly overweight,
  but her weight was well proportioned due to her relatively narrow waist which
  was bordered above by full breasts and bordered below by rounded full buttocks
  and somewhat saddlebag hips. Her full D-cup breasts were somewhat pendulous,
  complimenting her full but rather shapely thighs and hips. Diane disguised
  her extra pounds well and wore a ladies size 14 without a bit of pulling at
  the pleats. When her weight fluctuated downward, she could occasionally fit
  into a snug size 12. Her figure could best be described as mature, motherly,
  matronly, and sexy, all at once. Her short light brown hair and was cut in
  a carefree 'toss-about' style which required no special care. The press described
  Diane as &quot;an attractive soccer mom from next door-type.&quot;  
Diana, who lived with her teenage daughter in a modestly comfortable suburban
  home, had been rapidly coming under pronounced financial distress since she
  and her husband divorced two years earlier. Diane's ex-husband, a previously
  successful New York accountant, had fled to the exotic back alley bars of Southeast
  Asia and had not paid child-support or alimony in over six months. Diane's
  own job in real estate sales had long been in a slump due to the failing American
  economy.  
Under FBI interrogation, Diane Howell admitted to investigators that she
  and her close friend Sarah Stahler had been "conned by Mexicans" into parking
  the cars at the tunnel exit as a prank, and that she had nothing to do with
  the explosion. When investigators informed her that they had found evidence
  that she had recently received a large amount of cash from an unknown source,
  Diane broke down and changed her story. She confessed that she had met the &quot;Mexicans&quot; when
  their private landscape was doing some contract work at one of her real estate
  listings near Oyster Bay. She admitted that she was immediately attracted to
  one of them who she described as quite handsome. She said that she had been
  quite lonely since being divorced, and that she had a brief affair with the
  handsome Mexican, meeting him for trysts at her vacant listed properties. When
  questioned, Diane denied that the man had introduced her to cocaine. She said
  that eventually the landscaper told her a strange story that he had a beef
  with the tunnel authority over a car of his which had broken down in the tunnel.
  He convinced Diane that his car had been accidentally towed to a crush site
  and destroyed, and that the tunnel authority refused to reimburse him. He claimed
  that, being an illegal immigrant, the car was not insured. Diane told investigators
  that the Mexican convinced her and her friend Sara to participate in a prank
  as revenge on the tunnel authority. She stated that she believed no harm would
  come to anyone from the prank. Investigators did not buy her story.  
Under further intense interrogation at FBI headquarters in Washington, Diane
  eventually confessed that the men she believed were Mexicans had given her
  $65,000 to block the tunnel, with another $65,000 promised to her after the
  operation was performed. She said she was in great financial distress and simply
  needed the money. Diane said she truly believed that, at worse, the tunnel
  blocking incident had something to do with a Mexican drug deal, and that no
  one would be physically hurt from the incident. Diane Howell also confessed
  that the landscape contractor had introduced her to cocaine, and that she had
  split most of the tunnel money with her best friend and sometimes aerobics
  partner, 32-year-old Sara Stahler. She claimed that she had recruited Sara
  to help with the tunnel blocking, initially offering her $25,000.  
Diane Howell insisted to investigators that Sarah Stahler had never met the "Mexicans." But
  the FBI had learned otherwise. The FBI had evidence that in fact both she and
  Sara had visited the terrorists' apartment on at least several occasions, probably
  to snort free cocaine and have sex with them. They speculated that both women
  had also gone there to finalize the tunnel incident plans and pickup their
  payoff money. A neighbor of the terrorists' was able to identify photos of
  both women, and was prepared to testify that she had seen Diane and Sarah visit
  the terrorists' apartment on several occasions, one as a recent as two days
  before the attack.  
Under further interrogation Diane also admitted that she had recruited her
  15-year-old daughter Tracy to drive the getaway car. But she insisted that
  Tracy knew nothing about the money and that Tracy was simply helping her mother
  out. Prosecutors did not buy it.  
Beautiful Sara   
Sara Stahler was, at 32, a classic beauty. One news anchorwoman referred
  to Sarah as a "Princess Diana look-alike soccer mom," although in reality Sara
  was somewhat less busty and probably several inches shorter than the princess.
  A socially and physically active stay-at-home mom, Sara had natural looking
  light blond hair, a bit longer in the front and parted on the left. Sara's
  fair skin was smooth and flawless. Her hair, skin tone, and smile all gave
  her a radiant quality which commanded attention whenever she entered or room.
  Sara was 5'6" tall, weighed 118lbs, had slender hips, and had a B-cup bust.
  Her figure was, in a very chic kind of way, somewhat boyish up top, matched
  below with a full, rounded bottom. Sara religiously went to aerobics class
  twice a week, and her body was excellently proportioned and well toned. Sara
  was married to a modestly successful though often intoxicated independent insurance
  agent. She had a six-year-old son.  
FBI investigators discovered that Sara Stahler and her husband both lived
  beyond their means and often fought over the management of household funds.
  They learned that Sara was known as someone who loved to shop, and that she
  had not long ago maxed out three credit cards, which increased the tension
  between her and her husband. Agents learned that Sara had recently made $3,500
  cash payments on at least two of those credit cards, and that she had also
  recently made a $5,000 cash deposit toward the purchase a brand new 2052 Lexus.
  But there was one other interesting piece to the puzzle. A mandatory FBI drug
  test revealed that Sara Stahler had recently used a very expensive grade of
  Colombian cocaine.  
Young Tracy   
Tracy Howell was a pretty "girl next door-type" 15-year-old teenager who
  spoke in a somewhat immature tone of voice. Tracy was, at 5'1", the shortest
  of the three suspects. She weighed 108 lbs, had A to B cup breasts, a somewhat
  shapely waist and bottom, and had long straight reddish strawberry blonde hair
  that fell nearly to her waist in the back. Her hair was cut with eyebrow-length
  straight bangs in the front. Tracy had a light tan, lightly freckled skin,
  perfect teeth, and seemed to always smile. At 15, she was somewhat shy and
  self-conscious, and was still a virgin. There was just one problem investigators
  had. If in fact she was just following her mother's orders by driving the pickup
  car, why then did Tracy's blood also test positive for cocaine, the exact same
  expensive grade of cocaine that the FBI had found in Sara Stahler's blood.
  Traces of that exact same type of cocaine were also found in the apartment
  of the dead terrorists.  
A guilty plea   
Tracy would be 16 years old by the trial date. Prosecutors announced they
  would try Tracy not only as an adult, but as an equal co-conspirator, along
  with her mother and Sarah Stahler. All three females were to be tried at the
  same time in a single trial.  
Further investigation had led prosecutors to believe that, although the terrorists
  initially were introduced to the younger women through Diane, the terrorists'
  had actually first lured Tracy and Sarah into the tunnel bombing plan, and
  it was they who then recruited Diane, not the other way around, as Diane had
  insisted. Prosecutors believed that Diane Howell had made up her story to protect
  her teenage daughter.  
 The trail date was set for July 11 th  , 2052.
  Prosecutors charged Diane Howell, Sara Stahler and Tracy Howell each with 1700
  counts of Capital Murder, and also Capital Terrorism - the highest crime possible
  in mid 21st-century America. The upcoming trial was the receiving worldwide
  attention and the press dubbed it the "soccer mom terrorists" trial. The FBI
  and Justice Department, who had gone a longtime without a living, surviving
  terrorist to prosecute, pulled out all the stops and brought in their best
  prosecutorial team. A team of over 2000 investigators had already gleaned and
  assembled every speck of condemning evidence.  
Diane Howell, Tracy Howell and Sara Stahler were to be tried together at
  the same time, and they had been appointed the same attorney, a popular feminist-activist
  lawyer named Molly Charnel. Because juries in high capital crimes had been
  abolished by the Constitutional amendment of 2038, the trial would be heard
  by three High Court federal judges, two men and one woman.  
On her first meeting with the three defendants, Molly Charnel explained to
  Diane, Sara, and Tracy that the Justice Department was building a solid case
  against them. She explained that the nation had been longing to prosecute terrorist
  collaborators in a high-profile case. Molly explained to the young women that
  they should plead guilty, which she explained would give them they are only
  chance for possible leniency. The women were all clearly aware of the brutal
  sentences handed down through the judicial system since the amending of the
  Constitution.  
After meeting with Molly Charnel, Diane convinced her daughter that they
  both should plead guilty and appeal to the mercy of the court. She noted that
  one of the judges was a woman and mom herself, and she would surely show sympathy
  toward them.  
Sara Stahler met with her husband and her parents one last time before the
  trial date. They agreed with Diane - a guilty plea was the only way for Sara
  to save her life.  
Sentencing the terrorists   
   
The newspapers and television news shows were all abuzz about the upcoming
  sentencing court date for the two "terrorist soccer moms" and the lone &quot;teen
  terrorist.&quot; One news channel devoted an entire hour program the night
  before sentencing to speculation on the three females' sentence. Since the
  Constitutional amendment prohibiting cruel and unusual punishment had been
  repealed, judges were at great liberty to impose bizarre and esoteric punishments
  in both corporal and capital cases. Due to government budget shortfalls, and
  also due to a public enraged over terrorism, corporal punishment had essentially
  replaced prison terms longer than one year. New reality television shows, such
  as "America's Most Hated" frequently featured live whippings of men found guilty
  of rape and drug smuggling. Pay-per-view television occasionally offered live
  executions. The living room had become not only the jury box, but the witness
  room.  
Diane Howell, Sara Stahler, and Tracy Howell had together appeared before
  the three High Judges one month earlier and, while begging for leniency court
  through their attorney, pleaded guilty to Capital Terrorism and a plea-reduced
  charge of 1700 counts of 'manslaughter.' Their sentencing date was set for
  August 19th, 2052 at 9 a.m. sharp. High Court judge Marla Cohen would pass
  down sentence.  
On August 15 th  Judge Cohen telephoned defense
  attorney Molly Charnel and informed her in advance that all the sentences would
  be equal, and that the two women and one teenage girl would all be sentenced
  at one time. Molly Charnel thought that was a bit unusual, but the next request
  from the judge was even stranger. Judge Cohen requested specific pre-sentencing
  information about the three women, including very specific information about
  their menstrual cycles and dates regarding same. She informed attorney Charnel
  that she needed this information immediately. Later that afternoon the medical
  information was passed on to the sentencing judge. Within 20 minutes of receiving
  that information Judge Marla Cohen's office made a public announcement that
  sentencing would be postponed until August 21st.  
A huge, silent courtroom   
The huge cavernous courtroom was packed but eerily silent. The high 35 ft.
  ceiling gave the large chamber a faint echo. The only persons standing in the
  packed courtroom were a dozen alarmed guards, and two television camera operators.  
A restrained rumble came over the crowd as two wide side doors opened at
  once and the three women were brought into the courtroom escorted by nine uniformed
  guards. They each were handcuffed at the wrist with their arms in front of
  them. They were followed in by their defense attorney, Molly Charnel, who stopped
  to take a seat at the defense table. Diane Howell, her daughter Tracy and Sara
  Stahler were all then escorted forward to an open sentencing platform located
  about 10 feet in front of the tall judges' bench. The sentencing platform itself
  was raised about a foot higher than the rest of the courtroom floor. The three
  women were placed on the platform facing the judges' bench, each standing about
  18 inches apart from one another. All three were well-dressed and neatly groomed.
  Their handcuffs were then carefully removed during the sentencing procedure.
  Studio lights and television cameras positioned in the front corners of the
  room allowed the public, and more importantly the hungry news industry, a proper
  view of the guilty.  
The now 42-year-old Diane Howell was neatly dressed in a royal blue business
  suit jacket with matching slacks. She wore a simple white pullover blouse under
  the bright blue suit jacket. Around her left ankle she wore her only lucky
  charm, a thin gold ankle bracelet given to her years earlier by her ex-husband.
  Her only other jewelry consisted of a pair of enamel pierced hearings which
  matched her suit. Her shoes consisted off matching blue low-rise business pumps.
  She stared with an anxious expression at the empty judges' bench.  
16-year-old Tracy Howell was dressed in stylish tan dress slacks with matching
  light brown belt and shoes. She wore a long-sleeved white silk dress blouse
  that billowed slightly at the sleeves. Tracy's long red hair glistened in the
  sunlight coming through the window. Her straight strawberry-colored hair had
  recently been neatly trimmed straight across at the level of her lower shoulder
  blades in the back, and her bangs had also been neatly trimmed across her forehead
  in the front. At only 5'1", Tracy appeared obviously smaller than the other
  two women to the people in the gallery. The teenager also contrasted with the
  other women because of her long hair. Her mother and Sara, standing to either
  side of her, each had their hair cut high up off their shoulders. Diane's cut
  revealed her ear lobes, while Sara's very light blond hair was longer but nonetheless
  stopped several inches above her collar.  
On her way into the courtroom, Sara Stahler caught the eye of her husband
  and her 54-year-old mother sitting in the gallery. She held her chin up high
  and proud, and as she entered the room she passed her loved ones in glancing
  smile. Sara's blond hair blazed in the morning sunlight coming through the
  window as she was led up to the slightly raised sentencing platform. Dressed
  in a simple but very stylish lemon colored one-piece sleeveless summer shift
  dress hemmed generously above the knee she could've easily passed foreign movie
  star or the Princess of Wales. Around her neck she was a gold necklace which
  contained in the hinged locket tiny photos of her husband and son.  
Beyond Shame   
The seats rumbled as the packed gallery rose to its feet on the entrance
  of the three High Court Judges. The Judges took their seats quickly, with 62-year-old
  High Court associate Judge Marla Cohen taking the center chair. The bailiff
  ordered the gallery to remain completely silent and seated during the entire
  sentencing procedure. With a wave of the Judge Cohen's hand, the guards standing
  careful watch over the unhandcuffed prisoners stepped down off the sentencing
  platform. At this point Diane, Sara, and Tracy stood eerily alone on the sentencing
  platform, their eyes fixed forward on the judge.  
After a few seconds of frightening total silence, Judge Cohen began to speak
  in a clear and determined voice.  
&quot;The guilty shall now raise their hands above their heads for sentencing.&quot; As
  had become the custom in recent decades, the three females slowly raised their
  arms overhead in the surrender posture to hear their sentence.  
As the three beautiful young convicted female terrorists stood submissive
  before the bench, Judge Cohen continued "Diane Howell, Sara Stahler, and Tracy
  Howell, each having been found guilty of Capital Treason and 1700 counts of
  manslaughter by this court, I hereby order that you be immediately placed in
  the custody of the Federal Department of Correction and Punishment and transported
  to the Women's Federal Punishment Processing Center at Elk Flat, Nevada."  
Judge Cohen paused slightly and then continued.  
"It is the order of this court that there you shall, without delay, having
  been prepped and positioned in a manner prescribed by the Federal Department
  of Corrections and Punishment, each be administered not less than 40 strokes
  to your buttocks using a narrow leather razor strap of not more than 2 inches
  in width and not more than 18 inches in length."  
Diane, her gaping eyes fixed forward on the female judge, could hear her
  daughter Tracy beginning to cry.  
"An additional 40 strokes shall be administered to the remainder of you body
  using a short single-thonged leather bullwhip not greater than 4 feet in length."  
Sara's eyes weld up with tears as her lower lip quivered.  
&quot;Within 48 hours of your punitive whipping you shall each, having been
  properly prepared and positioned in a manner prescribed by the Department of
  Corrections and Punishment; undergo a punitive procedure known as false childbirth.
  This procedure shall be performed in front of not fewer than 40 witnesses.&quot;  
"Then, after a period of not more than 15 days from this date, and having
  received additional punitive corporal punishment of a type to be determine
  by the Department of Corrections and Punishment, and having been prepared in
  a manner prescribed by the Department of Corrections and Punishment for execution,
  shall without benefit of anesthesia undergo the live harvesting of your internal
  organs for transplantation, including your reproductive organs. May God have
  mercy on your souls."  
Sara could hear her mother sobbing in the gallery behind her. Diane's face
  knotted up in a contortion as she mumbled to the judge "not my daughter too,
  no, no, please don't do it." Teenage Tracy continued to cry aloud.  
Judge Marla Cohen, indifferent to the sobbing and pleas, continued, "the
  administration of this capital sentence shall be performed under the direct
  supervision of Ms. Anne Bowden, Warden of the Federal Women's Punishment Facility
  in Elk Flat, Nevada, who shall have full control and discretion over same."  
With a nod from the judge the guards quickly handcuffed the prisoners and
  escorted the three now condemned females to an awaiting van which was to take
  them to an awaiting Federal government supersonic transport plane for the little
  over one hour flight to eastern Nevada. They would arrive well before noon
  Nevada time.  
To be continued in Chapter Two   
Author's note: This story is completely fiction. Should any name used in
  this work be the same as that of a real person, it is pure coincidence.  
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives - Part 2  by Jill
Crokett (copyright 2004)     
   
The Nevada facility   
On the fight to eastern Nevada, Sara, Diane and Tracy had been separated
  by partitions onboard the aircraft and therefore could not speak to one another
  during the 90 minute supersonic flight from New York. Once at the Nevada facility,
  they would be housed in separate isolation cells.  
Within three hours of their sentencing the three condemned women were being
  loaded off the plane, which had landed at the Nevada facility's private government
  desert airstrip. As she was escorted off the plane into dry desert air and
  hot August Nevada sun, Diane Howell looked up and saw in the distance a complex
  of white windowless industrial looking buildings surrounded by layer after
  layer of electronic surveillance and razor wire. Several large white metal-clad
  buildings were in the foreground, behind which was a large windowless five-story
  building the size of a large multiplex theater complex. Diane wondered what
  that large theatre-like building was for. On the flight to Nevada, Diane's
  mind had been racing with thoughts about what the next hours would bring. She
  knew she would soon find out. She had thought about how very, very wrong her
  actions had been, but her greatest guilt was reserved for the thought that
  she had brought her teenage daughter in on the fast-money tunnel scheme. It
  had turned into a nightmare.  
Induction   
Diane, Sara and Tracy, handcuffed with their hands behind her back and still
  wearing the clothes they had wore into the courtroom a less than three hours
  earlier, were escorted into the Women's Punishment Facility at Elk Flat, Nevada
  under heavy guard. Surrounded by nine guards, seven male and two female, the
  three women were escorted into a receiving room. There Warden Anne Bowden waited
  to receive them. Bowden was 38-years-old, never married, no kids, and loved
  her job as a high rising star in the Federal Punishment System, where she was
  certified to handle the processing and execution of both male and female condemned
  prisoners. At 5'10", Bowden was somewhat attractive in a masculine sort of
  way, had medium length dark brunette hair, and always wore a dark blue size
  12 business suit with a blouse and skirt. Rumors at the facility pegged her
  as a lesbian, but in truth she could best be described as an asexual bureaucratic
  workaholic. Bowden anxiously anticipated the arrival of her famous and now
  newly condemned female prisoners. There would be no pleasantries.  
"We are now going to take you into the next room to my right here to begin
  your processing at this facility. I want to make it clear that, being condemned
  prisoners, we will follow the strictest protocol with you" said Bowden.  
"Rule number one; do not speak unless you are asked a direct question by
  me or a guard."  
Facing forward, Sara eyes darted around the room. She noted that most of
  the corrections officers standing guard over them were large, strong men. Fantasies
  of escape quickly vanished.  
"Rule number two" Bowden continued, "if and when you are released from handcuffs,
  do not move your arms or legs unless you are told to do so."  
"If at any time you speak, unless you are answering a direct question, or
  if at anytime you move your arms, unless told to do so, this is what will happen
  to you."  
Warden Bowden held up a small stun gun and pulled the trigger. The sudden
  electrical zapping sound made Tracy shriek. Bowden told the women that she
  wanted them to see what the stun gun would do to them if she had to use it
  on them. She then turned on a flat video screen hanging on the wall behind
  her.  
The scene on the video is that of a male prisoner, standing stripped naked
  with his hands on top of his head, facing the camera. His cock and balls are
  completely clean-shaven. Warden Bowden is then seen walking up to him and placing
  a stun gun on the man's right buttocks. Within a fraction of the second the
  grown man collapsed in silent but gasping convulsions, followed by hysterical
  crying. Urine shoots from his penis, trickling upward like a fountain as he
  twists on the floor, sobbing hysterically. Anne Bowden turns off the video
  and turns to address her new prisoners.  
&quot;You have been warned &ndash; no talking and no sudden movement. You
  are now going to be taken through these doors to my right. Obey every
  order exactly  as it is given to you.&quot;  
The large double doors to the right open automatically into the adjoining
  larger room. The large, brightly lit room is hospital white and has a large
  floor-to-ceiling curtain draped across one end of it, separating one end of
  the room from view. The bright, well lit room has a white tile floor, white
  paneled ceiling, and white-enamel colored walls.  
Upon entering the room, the guards position the three women in a line about
  five feet apart from one another, all facing the floor-to-ceiling white curtain.
  As Warden Bowden steps in front of the curtain and faces the women, several
  of the male guards stare down at the floor for a moment, almost looking embarrassed
  about what Warden Bowden is about to say.  
"The guards are now going to unlock your handcuffs. When they do, you are
  to place your arms straight above your head and keep them there until told
  otherwise. Do you understand?"  
The three women nod yes.  
"You will then be stripped completely naked. Your personal clothing and all
  personal articles, including jewelry, will be destroyed. Our resident physician,
  Dr Wexler, will then give you each a physical exam, including a complete gynecological
  examination."  
Tracy's face flushed red with embarrassment. Sara's eyes darted nervously
  to the male guards.  
"In accordance with the DOCP guidelines required by your sentence, any and
  all hair between your navel and your knees will be completely shaved."  
Warden Bowden then reached to push a button on the wall, causing the large
  curtain to automatically draw open, slowly revealing three examination tables
  with full-leg stirrups. Sara and Diane immediately realized they are obstetrical
  delivery tables, complete with leg restraint straps.  
Bowden then signals for the guards to remove each prisoner's handcuffs. As
  they do, each prisoner slowly lifts her arms toward the ceiling. The three
  women look like surrendering soldiers as a female guard places a large paper
  bag next to each of the condemned.  
--------------  
Sara's arms are held directly overhead. She stares straight blankly forward
  as a male guard facing her reaches behind her neck and unsnaps the gold necklace
  containing the photos of her husband and son. He hands the locket to a female
  guard who drops it in the brown paper bag. "It will be sent home" Bowden says,
  as the female guard removes Sara's ear rings one at a time. Tears swelled up
  in Sara's eyes, but she holds her tongue. The male guard then instructs Sara
  to lift one foot at a time, while the crouching female guard removes her shoes
  and places them in the paper bag. The female guard then stands up and unhooks
  the top of Sara's dress and unzips it all the way down her back.  
The tall male guard then bends over and, using both hands, grabs the hem
  of Sara's dress and lifts it over her head, pulling it off her upraised on
  arms. The female guard then immediately crouches down and grabs the elastic
  of Sara's cream-colored slip and strips it down off her body. The male guard
  then also crouched down in front of Sara, and with the help of the still crouching
  female guard behind her, removes Sara's pantyhose. Waiting for a moment in
  a crouched position for the female guard to get Sara's feet out of the hose,
  he then pulls down her panties and tells her to step out of them as the female
  guard unhooks Sara's bra.  
32-year-old Sara Stahler now stands completely naked, her arms still pointing
  skyward, her firm b-cup breasts, flattened by her position, but now revealing
  large pink nipples. She is a natural blonde. Her full but firm butt is slightly
  out of proportion with her smaller breasts. She had stunningly flawless cream-white
  skin. She has no tan lines. As Sara stared forward at the OB delivery table,
  her mind drifted back a half a decade, to the birth of her son, when she was
  last clean shaved for a doctor. She breathed a sigh as a silent tear rolled
  down her cheek.  
-------------  
16-year-old Tracy's belt was unhooked and slipped from its loops by a crouching
  male guard. He then quickly unhooked and unzipped her tan dress slacks, pulling
  them to the floor, revealing snug fitting off-white hip-hugger panties. While
  he lifted her ankles one at a time to pull her short hose off her feet, another
  unseen male CO unbuttoned the cuffs of her up reaching sleeves. Tracy was silently
  crying with an occasional quick sigh. She still felt like a girl, with hope
  in her life, however faint. She dreamed of a husband, a family, her own home.
  To the guards she was just part of their job &ndash; processing the condemned.
  He did not look at her as he unbuttoned the front of her blouse &ndash; to
  him she was already an object set aside by the state.  
When Tracy's slightly padded bra was removed, her uplifted arms kept her
  A-to-B-cup breasts from revealing much shape. Her pale breasts were haloed
  by a faint, freckly tan line. When the guard pulled down the teen's panties,
  a bright red pubic bush gave contrast to her faint bikini tan line. As the
  guard held her ankle and ordered her to step out of her last piece of clothing,
  Tracy watched a female guard place a covered tray on a stainless steel cart
  next to one of the exam tables. She watched the guard lift the pale green cloth
  cover from the large tray, revealing two electric trimmers and a number of
  disposable razors.  
---------------  
As Diane's suit jacket was being lifted over her head, Warden Bowden picked
  up a red wall telephone and pressed a single button. "Tell Dr. Wexler we're
  ready in the prep room B&hellip;no&hellip;no, they're all going today&hellip;yes...yea&hellip;that's
  right, three full preps" A guard undid Diane's belt and quickly unbuttoned
  and unzipped her pants, lightly tugging them over her hips before they fell
  to the floor. The other guard pulled her blouse up over her head and then quickly
  unhooked her bra. Lifting the double D under wire caused her breasts to drop
  down out of the bra, revealing large brown nipples. Pulling her somewhat matronly
  full-cut panties down revealed a cesarean scar just slightly above her dark
  brown pubic mound. The male guard then noticed Diane's gold ankle chain and
  removed it.  
When all three prisoners were completely stripped naked, Bowden ordered them
  to place their hands out in front of them. They were each quickly handcuffed
  - with their arms in front of them this time - and told to rest their hands
  on top of their head.  
Prepped for Execution   
Dr. Wexler entered without speaking, followed by two middle-aged government
  nurses in crisp white uniforms. One nurse carried a covered tray. Wexler was
  6'1", lean to medium build, 50ish, with dark salt and pepper hair loosely combed
  back. He had a serious look about him. No pleasantries were exchanged and there
  was no eye contact. Warden Bowden remained in the room but appeared to step
  aside when Wexler entered. She did not speak to him.  
Wexler, wearing a long white lab coat, purposefully walked in front of the
  prisoners, intently studying their pubic areas. He stopped in front of Diane,
  leaned over to touch her cesarean scar, and then turned to speak to one of
  the nurses, who then quickly wrote something down on a clipboard.  
Wexler then looked across the room at Warden Bowden. He then nodded his head,
  and at that moment two guards took by each prisoner by the arms and quickly
  brought her to one of the examining tables. Two more guards joined them at
  each table. Within seconds, Sara, Diane, and Tracy were on their backs, their
  cuffed on arms stretched overhead to an attachment point. Their buttocks were
  positioned so that they were off the end of the table. Both legs were quickly
  strapped into the full-leg stirrups with the knees spread wide, the bottoms
  of the feet almost pointing skyward. Wexler personally directed the positioning
  of the stirrups. A small stool was then positioned at the foot of each table
  and Wexler and the two nurses each took a seat. Wexler himself sat facing Sara.
  He did not speak her.  
Dr. Wexler and the nurses then each quickly picked up an electric trimmer.
  The electrical buzzing of the three pussy-hair trimmers was the only sound
  in the room as Dr. Wexler neatly maneuvered up both sides of Sara's wide-spread
  vulva, and then with one pass completely mowed down the mound of blonde hair
  on her Mons Venus. The two nurses proceeded to do the same with Diane and Tracy's
  pussies. Everyone in the room could hear young teenage Tracy sob aloud as her
  bright red clump of pussy hair fell to the floor at the nurse's feet.  
When Wexler was finished trimming the Sara's blond bush to a stub, he then
  quickly pulled on latex exam gloves and proceeded to shave the 32-year-old
  wife and mother as completely bare as the day she was born. First, lotion was
  liberally applied around her anus, labia, and up to her navel. Sara was clean-shaved
  twice by Wexler, who then carefully wiped her labia, mons and anus with a warm
  damp cloth. He made a mental note of the small episiotomy scar between her
  pussy and her anus, indicating a vaginal delivery. As he wiped-clean Sara's
  anus, Wexler, who was usually very clinically-minded, thought how beautiful
  she was laying there spread before him. As he pulled off his exam gloves he
  wondered if he would get a chance to fuck the beautiful soccer-mom-princess-look-alike
  before she was put to death.  
Throwing away the exam gloves he then stood up and carefully listened to
  Sara's heart with a stethoscope, after which he did a cursory examination of
  her pert, firm B-cup breasts, mentally noting her erect flesh-colored nipples.  
Dr. Wexler then re-gloved and, while holding her feminine lips open with
  one hand, proceeded to insert a cold-but-lubricated speculum into her spread-open
  vagina. Rotating the tong-like instrument ninety-degrees, Wexler then spread
  it wide and clamped it open. He then quickly scraped a pap smear from her pink
  cervix. Removing the speculum, the doctor then quickly changed into another
  clean pair of latex exam gloves and carefully proceeded to examine the hood
  of Sara's clitoris, widely spreading and lifting up on her labia majora to
  expose the tiny organ. Then, making eye contact with Sara, Wexler inserted
  two gloved and lightly lubricated fingers deeply into the full length of Sara's
  vagina. As he slowly withdrew them, he gently pressed upward, dragging one
  finger against her G-spot. As he withdrew the fingers, his other hand gently
  tugged upward on Sara's mons, allowing him to check for any urethral discharge
  as the withdrawing two fingers milked her pee-hole. Wexler then again changed
  to fresh exam gloves and, holding open Sara's butt-cheeks with one hand, performed
  an internal rectal examination with his lubricated left index finger, deeply
  probing her tight asshole as she stared teary-eyed at the ceiling. Then without
  speaking Wexler rose up, pulled off his examination gloves, dropped them in
  the wastebasket, and proceeded towards 42-year-old Diane, whose now clean-shaven
  and spread-wide feminine parts awaited his probing fingers. As he moved away,
  tears ran down Sara's temples as she continued to stare blankly at the ceiling.
  Wexler came away from Sara's exam with one bit of certainty; that the beautiful
  32-year-old had never given up her tight little asshole to her husband.  
------------  
Diane's somewhat heavy thighs were rotated outward and somewhat head-ward;
  the soles of her feet angled slightly toward the ceiling. Without speaking
  a word the prison nurse had clean-shaven the 42-year-old woman, completely
  removing any sign of her dark brown pubic hair from anywhere between her legs,
  including her anus. Dr. Wexler now sat between Diane Howell's open legs and
  carefully examined her now clearly visible cesarean section scar. The prison
  physician, once again pulling on a clean pair of exam gloves, carefully spread
  and lifted Diane's upper labia and, without expression, purposefully studied
  the middle-aged woman's clitoris and its hood covering. He then proceeded with
  the exact same examination he had performed on Sara, with one exception - Diane
  Howell's large full pendulous breasts were examined much more carefully for
  lumps or swelling, and Dr. Wexler carefully examined each of Diane's large
  brown nipples for any signs of discharge. Leaning forward from between her
  legs, he made brief eye contact with Diane as he carefully felt for lumps under
  her armpits. During the entire procedure Diane remained supine, her eyes looking
  downward, following the movements of the physician-stranger who groped her
  most intimate areas, all while her overhead-stretched arms were attached somewhere
  over her head.  
-----------------  
As Dr. Wexler approached 16-year-old Tracy Howell, he noted that her upturned
  feet which were pointing upward from each side of the table, were quite small.
  As he pulled on latex gloves with a snapping sound, one glance at the young
  teens wide open vulva caused him to turn to the nurse and request a smaller
  vaginal speculum than he had used on the two older women. As he sat down between
  Tracy's wide spread legs, he immediately began visually examining the girl's
  now-smooth and spread vulva. Without emotion the doctor told the nurse to note
  in the chart that Tracy was a virgin. Upon hearing him say this aloud, Diane
  immediately began to cry. Ignoring the sobs of her mother, Wexler spread the
  teenager's pussy lips with his gloved fingers he carefully examined the hood
  of her clitoris and inspected the condition of her urethral opening. Tracy
  now-red face moaned and tensed-up as Wexler slid a single well lubricated and
  gloved index finger all the way into the young girl's pussy as several male
  guards looked on. After Wexler had finished with the rest of her vaginal exam
  he pulled off his gloves and leaned forward to palpate Tracy's small, boyish
  breasts with his bare hands, lightly pinching each nipple for signs of discharge.
  The doctor then re-gloved and held out a single finger, upon which a nurse
  squeezed a bead of lubricant from a white tube.  
"No, no please not there" Tracy pleaded as Dr. Wexler began to fully insert
  his index finger completely into her rectum.  
As Wexler threw his final pair of latex gloves in the trash, he glanced across
  the room at Warden Anne Bowden, who silently nodded back at him. Dr. Wexler
  then turned to the two nurses and spoke.  
"Give each of the three condemned females an enema, drain their bladders
  with a temporary urethral catheter, and then wash their buttocks, anus, and
  vulva with antiseptic wipes."  
He then walked out of the room without saying another word, or even glancing
  at Warden Bowden.  
-----------  
When the two staff nurses had completed their preparation of the condemned,
  Warden Bowden simply instructed the guards to &quot;proceeded.&quot; Upon her
  command the women were uncuffed and brought up off the examination tables to
  their feet. Their arms were quickly once again drawn behind their backs, but
  this time a different type of cuff was applied to the wrist. This cuff was
  wider, made of leather, and was somewhat padded on the inside. This wrist restraint
  was then attached to the opposite elbow, so that each woman had her hands restrained
  behind her back, wrist to elbow, elbow to wrist. In this position, the condemned
  could not move her arms down to cover her buttocks, nor could she reach forward
  to shield her boobs or pussy in the front.  
The guards then proceeded to fit the women with another device which appeared
  similar to a two-piece shin-guard used in soccer or hockey. As several guards
  crouched down next to each prisoner, Diane, Sara and Tracy were each fitted
  with a pair of hard black plastic lower-leg harnesses which were padded on
  the inside. This device securely strapped around each of their lower legs between
  the calf and ankle. The device had a heavy chrome metal ring at each ankle
  which was used as an attachment point. As the device was strapped down firmly
  to Diane Howell's lower calves, her lower lip quivered as she sighed in a deep
  breath. Tears flowed down her cheeks, dripping off her chin onto her large,
  hanging breasts.  
Once the ankle restraint harnesses were in place, Warden Bowden made a quick
  visual assessment, noting that the prisoners' restraints were firmly positioned
  at the wrists, elbows, and ankles. Bowden personally pulled on each restraint
  to make sure that it was secure, especially the restraints just above the ankle.
  She then picked up a wall telephone and said &quot;this is Warden Bowden; tell
  the punishment theatre we are ready to proceed immediately.&quot;  
CONTINUED IN PART THREE  
Author's note: This story is completely fiction. Should any name used in
  this work be the same as that of a real person, it is pure coincidence.  
   
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives - Part 3  by Jill
  Crokett (copyright 2004)     
   
A buzzer sounded and the automatic double doors began to open, exposing a
  darkened cavernous gymnasium with a very high ceiling and a smooth, level concrete
  floor. The Punishment Theatre was lit only in the center by overhead stage
  lights. Beyond the lights a shadowy gallery of nearly fifty witnesses sat in
  raised bleachers. The equal mix of neatly dressed men and women stared across
  the vast hall without expression. Once the entry doors had fully opened, the
  guards quickly hustled the three nude prisoners barefoot across the cold concrete
  floor, lining them up in front of the witnesses. As Sara, Tracy, and Diane
  stood completely naked facing the witnesses, their arms still bound tightly
  behind their backs, the slight shadowing effect of the overhead lighting highlighted
  the smooth vertical slits of their femininity, making it clear to the observers
  that the three females had recently been clean-shaven. Each of the three condemned
  females was now breathing heavy with anticipation, and each held a look of
  terror on her face.  
With each quick deep breath that Diane inhaled in the chilly room, her double-D
  breasts heaved up and down, accentuated by her drawn-back arms. Her bare feet
  on the cold floor gave rise to fully erect nipples, highlighted by the shadowing
  effect of the overhead lights. Diane's full, hanging breasts and wider saddle-bag
  hips contrasted her with the trim, athletic figure of Sara, and the girlish
  figure of her own petite, somewhat flat-chested teenage daughter, both of whom
  stood naked next to her.  
Warden Anne Bowden walked into the lighted area and stood just in front of
  the witnesses, facing the condemned females. Reading from a sheet of paper,
  she began to speak:  
&quot;Diane Howell, Tracy Howell, and Sara Stahler; each having been condemned
  by the High Court for multiple capital crimes, and each having been handed
  over to the Department of Punishment for execution of your sentence at this
  facility, and each having been prepared in a manner prescribed by the Department
  of Punishment, you shall each now begin to receive ten days of intense punitive
  punishment, followed by the execution of your final sentence.&quot;  
Diane's bare chest heaves even harder as Warden Anne Bowden lifts her eyes
  from the page and looks directly at her. As she does, a faint electrical whirling
  sound echoes through the punishment chamber as two thin steel cables, about
  four feet apart from one another, descend from the ceiling in front of Diane.  
"Diane Howell, we shall begin with your punishment. Mrs. Howell, you shall
  be suspended by your ankles in a four-foot-wide spreader bar while your arms
  remain firmly tied wrist-to-elbow behind your back. In this position a DOCP
  certified whipmaster will administer 40 strokes across your bare skin with
  a leather belt.&quot;  
Tracy and Sara look on in horror and weep as the busty, somewhat full figured
  42-year-old mother now hangs upside down by her ankles, her legs spread apart.
  With her arms tightly restrained behind her upper back, Diane's breasts push
  outward as her clean shaved pubic mound glistens prominently in the spotlight.
  Diane's straight brown hair now points to the floor as the cable length is
  adjusted downward so that her short-dropped hair now clears the floor by only
  inches. There is a sudden look of terror on her face as her upside-down eyes
  see a bare-chested, masked man approach her.  
The black-hooded whipmaster walks intently toward the naked inverted female
  carrying a short, two-inch-wide leather strap. All eyes in the gallery are
  fixed on the whipmaster as he slowly draws back the brown belt-like instrument
  of punishment.  
"No, please don't, just, just wait a minute, there's been a misund&hellip;"  
Diane's plea for reason is instantly cut off by the nearly invisible forward
  flash of the whipmaster's forearm as a thunderous crack echoes through the
  chamber. With the first leather strap stroke landing diagonally across her
  bare bottom, Diane's full, wide butt-cheeks reflexively tighten as her quivering
  lips stoically hold back a scream, not wishing to appear in total submission
  in front of her 16-year-old daughter.  
With the second stroke of the strap Diane agonizingly twists her full-figured,
  inverted buxom torso, reflexively flexing her thighs and knees, causing her
  butt to protrude and lift upward. Tears of both pain and shame fill to her
  eyes as her now agonizingly contorted face remains defiantly silent.  
With the third loud crack of the strap across her bare butt, Diane Howell
  breaks into a horrifyingly deep, elongated, moaning cry which she is no longer
  able to hold back. As she cries aloud, now sounding like a little girl just
  stung by a dozen wasps, she reflexively bends her knees in a vain attempt to
  shield her bare bottom from the narrow belt-strap, only to be brought down
  once again by the weight of her own body. As stroke after methodical stroke
  raises red welts up across her broad, widespread butt cheeks, Diane vainly
  attempts to twist her torso into unobtainable positions to avoid the strap,
  her childlike "no&hellip;no" pleas interrupted by deep moaning cries which
  echo through the gymnasium-like chamber.  
After about the twentieth hard belt stoke, the 42-year-old mom, convulsing
  in pain, mentally drifts back to some childhood nightmare. Her screams of &quot;No,
  please, please no not the belt, no&quot; are interrupted only by her gasps
  for breath.  
After about the twenty-fifth stroke the whipmaster slows down his methodical
  pace, now allowing many seconds to pass between each strapping, as if to allow
  the witnesses to better hear Diane's deep, distressful sobbing without the
  interrupting snap of the strap.  
At thirty strokes he pauses longer as Diane feels the hands of two guards,
  who now stand to each side of her, firmly brace each knees in its position.
  Although the exhausting weight Diane's own inverted 160-something-pound frame
  has now significantly diminished her futile ability to struggle, the experienced
  whipmaster knows that with the coming strokes she will surely will raise every
  ounce of energy to do so.  
Still standing behind her, the whipmaster lays the next stroke of the strap
  soundly across Diane's baby-smooth pussy with aloud crack as Diane momentarily
  gasps silently for breath before bursting into a continuous rolling cry. As
  the strap crosses Diane's tender spread labia, a small jet of urine squirts
  up fountain-like from her urethra. Now held in position by the two guards,
  Diane's final ten strokes savagely tenderize her most intimate feminine area
  as the witnesses see her beautiful face contort into something found only in
  a nightmare.  
As the final stroke of the strap snaps loudly across Diane's now-swollen
  pussy-lips, Warden Bowden steps into the spotlight. As Diane continues to sob
  childlike, still hanging from her ankles, the female Warden addresses the witnesses
  in a voice to be heard over the crying.  
&quot;Ladies and gentlemen, before we continue I need to make several brief
  announcements. First, DOCP regulations permit us to administer additional punitive
  punishments to noncompliant condemned prisoners. For this reason Mrs. Howell
  will receive a few more minutes of punishment before being taken down and moved
  from the theatre for medical care.&quot;  
Diane, still deeply sobbing, does not hear the Warden's words, but Tracy
  bursts out  
&quot;Please, please leave my mother alone&hellip;please don't whip her anymore,
  mam&hellip;please.&quot;  
With a cold staring glare toward Tracy, Warden Anne Bowden continues &quot;I
  have just received notice from Dr. Wexler that the condemned female Mrs. Sarah
  Stahler did not pass her induction medical examination, and therefore cannot
  receive punitive punishment at this time.&quot; As Sara's mouth opens wide
  in shocking relief, the Warden motions for guards to remove her from the Punishment
  Theatre. As the beautiful blond 32-year-old wife and mother is led barefoot
  and naked from the theatre, Warden Bowden instructs the guards to take her
  immediately to the prison clinic and place her in a the custody of Dr. Wexler.  
&quot;We will now proceed with the initial punitive punishment of condemned
  prisoner Tracy Howell.&quot; As the thin stainless steel cables lower in front
  of Tracy, Warden Anne Bowden continues, recanting her mother's sentence. &quot;Miss
  Howell, you shall now be suspended by your ankles in a spreader bar while your
  arms remain firmly tied wrist-to-elbow behind your back. In this position a
  Department of Corrections and Punishment Certified Whipmaster will administer
  40 strokes across your bare skin with a short two- inch-wide leather strap.&quot;  
As guards quickly lift the teenager's petite frame and suspend it facing
  the witnesses by the pre-attached ankle restraints, two female guards roll
  a small stainless steel cart up next to the still upside down hanging Diane
  Howell. As Tracy's cables are adjusted so that her long straight red hair falls
  just short of touching the floor, a female attendant firmly clamps battery-charger-cable
  type clamps to Diane's nipples. As the weight of the heavy, pinching clamps
  and their attached cables pull Diane's breasts toward the floor, the whipmaster
  takes his first stroke across her petite daughter's bare bottom.  
Tracy's long red hair wildly dances as she flails about, her strong legs
  flexing her butt all the way up to the spreader bar after each of the first
  several strokes, widely spreading open her knees and pussy as she does. The
  teenager screams for her mother as the whipmaster expertly welts the hide of
  her smooth round butt.  
As Tracy lets out a continuously rolling cry from the belt, a female attendant
  presses a button on the stainless steel cart and Diane's face convulses in
  screaming horror as the first of twenty short, sharp, electrical shocks alternatingly
  pass back and forth between her firmly pinched nipples at a rate of one every
  five seconds. As Diane screams with each quick electrical burst, she is oblivious
  to the severe leather belt strapping which her 16-year-old daughter is now
  receiving.  
As Tracy's strapping continues, Diane is finally let down from suspension,
  her limp female form now placed on a gurney and wheeled out of the theater.  
Tracy's tears soak her dangling long red hair as the final strokes of the
  strap are solidly cracked across her pert round bottom, her face contorted
  in terror-filled agony. As two male guards to each side of her firmly secure
  her knees from closing, the whipmaster now begins to extract her punishment
  from her widespread pussy. As her smooth shaven virgin vulva receives its unspeakable
  leather strapping, the 16-year-old can only scream and beg for her mother,
  unaware that she is gone, between her silent, gasping convulsions.  
The Prison Clinic   
   
Sara does not know how long she has slept. As she sits up on the edge of
  the bed and places her bare feet on the thinly carpeted floor she realizes
  that she is still completely naked but no longer in handcuffs. She gently rubs
  her wrists in a faint feeling of freedom. It is immediately obvious to her
  that she is no longer in a prison cell, but in a fairly comfortable hotel-room-like
  setting, except that there are no windows in the room. A nurse in a white uniform
  enters the room carrying a large plastic tray.  
&quot;Good morning Mrs. Stahler. Dr. Wexler wanted me to serve you a large
  breakfast just as soon as you awoke&quot; the nurse said as she placed the
  tray on a small bistro table near the bed. &quot;Once you're finished, he wants
  you to take a shower&quot; the nurse says, pointing to the bathroom. &quot;There
  are fresh towels in there, and also a clean set of underpants and a fresh prison
  uniform that you can put on when you're finished showering. Sorry, inmates
  don't usually get wear bras around here, something about the under wires, but
  at least it's better than stumbling about naked&quot; she says with a smile,
  adding &quot;oh, there's a pair of slippers in there too.&quot;  
&quot;Where am I&quot; Sara meekly inquires to the nurse.  
&quot;This is Dr. Wexler's private in-house quarters where he stays when
  he's on call overnight. He doesn't use it much since he has a huge home on
  a big spread down in the canyon just a few miles from here, so occasionally
  he lets one of the inmates stay here if he feels they need some peace and quiet.
  The Punishment Facility Medical Clinic is the just outside these doors, but
  the beds there are set up as an open ward, and it can get a bit noisy and hectic.
  He thought you'd rest better in here. Once you're showered and dressed, he'll
  be in to speak with you.&quot;  
As the warm shower water sprayed down across Sara Stahler's upturned face,
  she dreamed behind closed eyes an unimaginable fantasy of using her feminine
  powers to cast an unimaginable omnipotent spell.  
To be continued in Part Four  
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives Chapter Four 
by Jill Crokett (copyright 2004) (This work is fiction. All names are completely
  fictitious and any resemblance to a real person is coincidental) 
Review of Main Characters : 
Diane Howell - Attractive in a businesslike way. Short light-brown hair cut
  in a Hamilesque-wedge. A touch heavy-set with pendulous (hanging) D-cup breasts
  adorned with huge thimble-sized, often erect, brown nipples. Full butt with
  somewhat saddle-bagged hips. Now age 42. Divorced, mother (via c-section) of
  Tracy. 
Tracy Howell - single, thin, rather flat-chested (A-cup) virgin. Now age 16. 
Sara Stahler - Now 33, married, mother of one young boy (natural birth). Beautiful
  Princess Di look-alike with short-to-medium length natural blond hair and flawless
  skin. Small but firm B-cup tits with small, erect nipples. Athletic. 
Anne Bowden - Age 38. Warden of the Federal Punishment Processing Center at
  Elk Flat, Nevada. Certified to oversee all federal punitive and execution procedures
  on both male and female inmates. Single, never married. 
Alan Wexler, MD - Age 52. Board-certified obstetrician and gynecologist. Also
  qualified as a general surgeon. Medical Director and second-in-command of the
  Women's Federal Punishment Processing Center at Elk Flat, Nevada. 
Chapter 4 (Sorry this is belated. Enjoy! Love to all my fans,
  Jill) 
Beautiful Princess Di look-alike housewife Sara Stahler stepped dripping from
  the shower and reached for a towel from Dr. Wexler's bright chrome towel rack.
  She first dried her arms and legs with doctor's long, thick bath towel, then
  moved to her firm torso with long strokes across her wet chest and abdomen.
  Sara momentarily bent and spread her knees in order to run the plush terrycloth
  across her smooth, dripping-wet feminine lips. 
As Sara raised her arms overhead to dry her soaked blond locks, she glanced
  into the bathroom mirror and saw Dr. Wexler's reflection staring back at her
  moist naked body from just outside the open bathroom door. Sara was shocked
  to see that he was completely naked and his cock semi rigid. He had been watching
  her shower. 
Thank you Sara said as she smiled at him, clearly referring to his temporary medical
  reprieve' which had spared her the severe belt whipping which Diane and her
  daughter Tracy had received the day before. 
Unfortunately for Sarah, Wexler's reply was as bold as his nudity. He quickly
  stepped toward the 33-year-old mom, grabbed her by the back of her hair firmly
  with his left hand, then slapped her clear across the face with his right hand. 
Listen, you little lip-meat, you mean nothing to me, do you understand? he
  roared as he grabbed Sara's head, forcing her to make eye contact with him.
  Sarah began to cry as she stared in terror back at him, a red welt mark rising
  on her left cheek. Her fantasy bubble had burst. 
Still forcing eye contact, Wexler continued You may have gotten through life
  by manipulating men with your pretty smile, or your pouty, cock sucking lips,
  or screaming a bit when you gave up your pussy, but there is only one reason
  you got off the hook yesterday honey, and that's because when I examined you
  it was clear to me that your prissy little bitch-self had never given up her
  asshole, and I thought it was a shame for such a nice tight little butt-hole
  to go to the meat farm unused. 
Yes, you're going to give up every inch of it, honey. And don't worry, there
  won't be any need for handcuffs or restraints, because you'll hold every position
  just as you're told. That's because if you don't, I'll bullwhip you from head
  to toe and then dip you in a vat of vinegar. Do you understand? 
Sara wept, tears running down her face as she shook her head affirmatively. 
The sadist doctor dragged Sara's beautiful naked female form over to his bed
  and ordered her to lie on her back. She obeyed. Wexler didn't want to take
  her on her knees in the typical ass-fuck fashion. He wanted to look her into
  her eyes while he raped her virgin asshole. He wanted to see her face as she
  screamed. He wanted to see her expressions as the soccer-mom housewife endured
  a virgin anal rape. 
The only lubricant Wexler used to enter Sara's rectum was the clear natural
  pre-come which was dripping from the swollen knob-head of his rigid dick. As
  he proceeded to mount Sara in a face-to-face modified-missionary position,
  he ordered her to place the bottoms of her feet flat against each side of his
  neck. This posture forced Sara's knees to draw up under her armpits and caused
  them to spread apart as Wexler leaned forward to make close eye-to-eye contact
  with her. The athletic soccer-mom was built perfectly for this kind of dexterous,
  tight, high-pitched sex. 
Sara obediently kept her hands straight up over her head as Wexler instructed.
  Once he positioned his swollen, bulbous cock-head against Sara' anal door,
  Wexler used both hands to grab the blonde's head, forcing eye contact throughout
  the entire anal rape. 
Sara alternately moaned, screamed, and cried as Dr. Wexler forcefully took
  in minutes that which she had never willingly given up in 33 years. The position
  in which Wexler had chosen to fuck Sara allowed his hard phallus to fully penetrate
  her rectum with pounding, rapid strokes. His nurses' most assuredly heard Sara's
  screaming all the way down the hall at their Nurses Station. But they were
  accustomed to Wexler's sexual shenanigans and took these sort things, especially
  with condemned females, in stride. 
Wexler convulsed in orgasmic bliss as he held Sara tightly, ejaculating his
  semen deep into her colon. After he came inside her, Wexler laid atop her for
  several minutes, his cock still semi rigid inside Sara's tight forbidden asshole. 
After a half hour of laying next to her, Wexler ordered Sara to get up and
  shower again. This time he joined her, making her wash his body and worship
  his cock, licking his wet, dripping dick and balls as she knelt beneath the
  downpour. 
After resting again in his on-call' bedroom for about another hour, Dr. Wexler
  ordered Sara to kneel on the bed in front of him. He then knelt also, turned
  his back to her and bent over, laying his chest and shoulders on the bed, with
  his ass-cheeks high in the air and his knees slightly spread. Wexler then ordered
  the 33-year-old mom to lick and tongue his asshole. For more than 20 minutes
  Sara was humiliatingly forced to rim-worship Wexler. He loved the deeply intimate
  attention from the beautiful housewife, and the act once again aroused the
  doc, and once again he fucked Sara very hard in the ass, this time lasting
  much longer. As he orgasm in her butt for the second time in as many hours,
  Wexler thought that Sara was so beautiful it would certainly be easy to fall
  in love with her. 
Satisfied that he had stretched out her anal sphincter muscles sufficiently,
  Wexler picked up the phone and called for his nurses to send an orderly with
  a wheelchair and restraint tape. 
I'm going to show you around the facility Wexler said as the huge black
  orderly duct-taped Sarah's arms and waist to the wheelchair, followed by tape
  to the mouth. 
While the naked, condemned blonde was being securely gagged and strapped down
  to the wheelchair, Dr. Wexler explained that he was going to give her a tour
  of some of the most private and secure' venues round the facility, Stuff
  the public never sees. I'm going to show you off. he said as the orderly
  wheeled her out of the room, the now laughing doctor in tow. And I'm going
  to show you what you've got coming, too he added with a bit of sarcasm. 
The orderly pushed Sara's wheelchair down a long, wide, and conspicuously
  empty institutional-looking hallway. The corridor was brightly lit and was
  spotlessly clean. It was wider than a standard hospital hallway and had a somewhat
  higher ceiling. As the wheelchair with the helpless naked condemned housewife
  rolled along, Dr. Wexler walked beside and narrated the tour. 
Soon a line of figures appeared in the distance, coming down the hallway in
  the opposite direction of the trio. As the group approached, Sarah was able
  to see that it was comprised of two dark blue uniformed female guards who were
  escorting a single line of seven female prisoners. As they passed in the hallway
  the doctor and his orderly seem to pay no attention to them. Sara thought this
  was somewhat odd, since all seven of the female prisoners were completely naked.
  They were not handcuffed but marched obediently in-line. They appeared to her
  to range in age from teens to late middle-aged. Two were moderately obese;
  one was quite thin. Several of the females had very short-cropped hairdos;
  none had hair touching the shoulder. Each woman's pussy was completely shaved
  bald; the crack of her femininity clearly visable. 
After they passed Wexler said Those women were just leaving the prep area.
  They're probably all going to be whipped sometime later today. Then they'll
  be sent home. I can tell they're not condemned prisoners because they were
  not handcuffed or restrained in any way. 
Wexler continued his commentary as the orderly continued to wheel the gagged
  mom down the corridor. 
We only have two kinds of prisoners here Sara, those who will be strapped,
  whipped, caned, or in some other way corporally punished and then quickly released
  after medical attention, and those who will be put to death, occasionally following
  a punitive corporal punishment if the capital crime was uniquely heinous. 
I know it sounds like a harsh system Sara, but I believe it's better than
  five or ten years in prison. That is a waste of a person's useful years, and
  a waste of the government's money. This system saves the government money,
  and we know it is a clear deterrent because crime is down 70% since it was
  implemented a decade ago. 
And it is even better for the prisoners, because the convicted can get on
  with their lives after only 48 hours or so here. And for the harshest crimes,
  our constitutionally improved methods of execution provide a strong deterrent.
  As I said, the statistics prove it. 
As the three strolled down the once again empty corridor, Dr. Wexler rambled
  on, clearly revealing an interest in his work. 
Before 2037, there were 9 federal correction facilities for women; now there
  is just one, and this is it. And I am the primary medical officer and sole
  gynecologist and obstetrician for the thousands of women who pass through here
  each year. 
Wexler briefly paused from his lecture to answer his cell phone. Hanging up,
  he immediately continued. 
And the cost savings and crime reduction is even greater at the male unit.
  Before 2037 there were 37 federal correction facilities for men. Now there
  are just three. We got out of the warehouse business and into the punishment
  business. It works. The statistics don't lie. 
I'm here because my wife and three children were killed 16 years ago by an
  intoxicated driver who was sky high on cocaine. He was a four-time impaired-driving
  offender, but the prior system had failed to remove him as a threat to my family,
  or two others. My life was literally thrown away in a single moment. Now, with
  drunk drivers getting the cane, drug and alcohol impaired driving is down 90%.
  A few simple strokes of the stick could have saved my family's life. My wife
  was 33 years old also Sara, and I had a little boy who was six, just like you
  have. 
The only reason I'm here and not at one of the male facilities is because
  of my prior training in obstetrics and gynecology. So now this facility is
  now my litany, Sara, my life. This is what I do. I'll spend out the rest of
  my days here helping to straighten out a bent society that took my family.
  The only other thing I want to do more is die. 
Tears rolled down Sara Stahler's cheeks as she listened to Wexler's words,
  words which brought her visions of the many thousands of grieving households
  which had lost loved ones in the tragic tunnel bombing she had played a part
  in. 
Wexler fell silent as his cell phone rang again. As he listened to the caller,
  he motioned for the orderly to stop the wheelchair. From the other end of the
  hall Sara could see several figures approaching. As they got closer it was
  clear to her that five uniformed guards were escorting a single female prisoner.
  All but one of the guards were large males. The prisoner was a short, pear-shaped,
  older woman who appeared to be in her mid-fifties. She had rather heavy thighs
  and had several small rolls of abdominal fat to complement her wide hips. 
As the group proceeded closer toward Sara's wheelchair she could see that
  the approaching prisoner's wrists were handcuffed behind her back. Her salt-and-pepper
  hair was clipped quite close in a rather boyish fashion. As with the other
  prisoners, her pussy was clean-shaven, but she also had a urethral catheter
  tube which exited between her pussy lips and led to a small clear collection
  bag taped to her calf. Despite being slightly obese, the woman was not more
  than 5'2 tall, and despite her broad hips, her breasts were rather small.
  She did have large, rather dark brown nipples which contrasted with her very
  white, untanned skin. 
As they came even closer, Sara was struck by the contrast of the fit and crisply
  uniformed officers escorting the stripped, shaved, and rather lumpy pale-white
  female form. 
Sara saw no real emotion in the woman's face, only the blank resignation of
  a late-middle-aged female who had been stripped, quite literally, of any shred
  of modesty or dignity. Her only shred of remaining femininity was the very
  crack of her bald, girl-like pussy, which was now paraded openly before strangers. 
Just before the group reached Sarah's wheelchair they turned sharply and entered
  a large room through wide double doors . 
As the doors closed leaving the trio alone in the hallway, Wexler crouched
  to speak to the gagged Sarah directly eye to eye. 
I have a little surprise for you Sara. You're going to get to watch a little
  preview of what is going to happen to you and Diane and Tracy in about 10 days. 
With this the doctor glanced up at the orderly and nodded his head toward
  the large double doors, and the men calmly wheeled tape-bound Sara into the
  Medical Execution Chamber. 
---------------------------------------- 
As Sara entered the large, brightly lit room she immediately heard the pleadings
  of the short, heavyset older woman who stood completely naked, surrounded by
  fully clothed, uniformed personnel. The woman stood next to what looked like
  a doctor's examination table, except that it was shorter and narrower, had
  no stirrups, and rested on what looked like a hydraulic column. 
Uniformed personnel busied themselves around the now crying woman. No, no,
  please, please just kill me, please shoot me, no, no not this she said as
  both male and female execution chamber employees crouched down and strapped
  small black leather harnesses securely to each of her ankles. As the lumpy,
  grandmotherly woman's ankles were prepared, several guards standing behind
  her tightly secured black leather wrist restraints to each of her forearms
  before removing her handcuffs. 
As the four large male guards lifted the short, plump woman up by her arms
  and legs, tears dripped down one final time onto her small breasts. The guards
  laid her back on the small black-vinyl-covered bench. She was placed so that
  her buttocks would hang completely off of one end. Her wrists were then secured
  straight up over her head and attached to a metal bracket which was attached
  to, and protruded from, one end of the execution table. This positioning stretched
  her small white breasts almost flat, with her only feminine sign above the
  waist now being her nipples. 
Black leather straps were then affixed to secure her shoulders down to the
  upper corners of the bench. The older woman's upper body was now completely
  restrained. 
Four guards, two for each leg, now took the woman's heavyset thighs and adducted
  them up to her chest and then opened them wide, securely strapping each knee
  to the sides of the bench. The 52-year-old's pussy was now spread-wide and
  the soles of her feet pointed straight up and faced the ceiling. 
The mature woman groaned with the strain of her positioning as her feet were
  then pulled up to each side of her head and her black-leather ankles restraints
  were clipped to an attachment point near her wrists. The condemned woman's
  of the external reproductive organs were now completely spread and positioned
  fully off the end of the short examination bench. 
A female prison nurse quickly stepped between the condemned prisoner's legs
  and roughly pulled the catheter from the woman's pee-hole as she groaned. While
  the nurse detached the collection bag from the condemned female's leg, another
  execution technician attached blood pressure and pulse monitors to both of
  her up stretched arms. The nurse then noted aloud into a tape recording device
  attached to her lapel that the condemned prisoner had been adequately prepped
  with the complete clean-shaving of her vulva, mons pubis, and peri-anal area,
  and that her bladder had been completely drained. 
As the staff made preparations for the execution of 52-year-old Irma Ladler,
  Dr. Wexler positioned Sara's wheelchair so that she would have a full view
  of the execution. He then crouch behind the wheelchair and quietly whispered
  to Sara that the plump, mature lady who was about to die it a very painful
  and humiliating fashion had in fact poisoned to death two of her three ex-husbands
  for inheritance and insurance money. 
Wexler explained that Mrs. Ladler had a history of marrying elderly, wealthy
  men and then poisoning them. Both husbands had died a slow and painful death
  from the rat poison. As Wexler spoke, Sara could hear him slipping on what
  sounded like examination gloves as an execution nurse assisted him in donning
  a surgical gown. 
Sara could see Mrs. Ladler's bare chest as it heaved rapidly with deep anxious
  breaths as the mature woman pleaded and cried. Irma's head was propped up on
  a head rest which forced her to look down between her legs. 
Doors to the execution chamber opened and in walked Warden Anne Bowden. The
  Warden was immediately informed that the condemned prisoner was fully prepared
  and ready to be put to death in the manner prescribed by the court. 
At that moment a curtain at one side of the room opened and a small gallery
  of witnesses sitting behind a glass window could be seen to collectively gasped
  at first seeing the extreme strapped down positioning of the heavyset Mrs.
  Ladler with her ankles up over her shoulders and her pussy spread wide open.
  The witness gallery was an equal mix of about 20 men and women. Once the curtain
  was open, Warden Bowden spoke. 
Irma Ladler, having been found guilty on two counts of murder for profit,
  a capital offense, you have been sentenced to suffer death by the surgical
  removal of your female reproductive organs, including the total removal of
  your vulva and clitoris, without anesthesia, along with your entire internal
  vagina. It is the order of the court that this sentence shall be carried out
  at this time and place. Following the removal of your feminine tissues it shall
  be the discretion of Dr. Alan Wexler as to your final method of death. May
  God have mercy on your soul. 
With these words Warden Anne Bowden turned and left the execution chamber
  to join the witnesses behind the glass. Dr. Wexler approached Mrs. Ladler with
  a scalpel in his hand and immediately began to cut a wide circular area around
  the condemned woman's shaved pussy lips. The fat lady did sing, and it wasn't
  pretty. As Mrs. Ladler screamed and pleaded, Dr. Wexler cut her pussy lips
  completely away, first using the sharp blade to cut off each of her labia majora.
  As Irma wept and screamed hysterically, he then quickly sliced off the labia
  minora, holding each one out with a hemostat, a type of small surgical pliers. 
Wexler then grabbed and pulled up Irma's clitoris with the tiny surgical pliers,
  forcefully pulling it from her body with one hand. In his other hand he used
  surgical scissors to completely cut off the clit as Mrs. Flagler screamed and
  bucked wildly against her restraints. He then made a deep incision from amongst
  pubis up to her belly button. As assistants quickly open this flap, Dr. Wexler
  went in and internally began to cut off the base of the vagina from the uterus
  at the cervix. As the condemned woman wailed in screamed, Dr. Wexler pulled
  her entire internal vagina out of her pelvis. 
As the execution assistants rapidly cauterized blood vessels on the screaming
  woman's pelvis in order to stop the bleeding from between her legs, Wexler
  moved up and began to cut her nipples off, first grabbing each one firmly with
  the pliers. Each nipple, along with its areola was completely cut away using
  a broad scalpel. 
Wexler stepped back as the hydraulic pillar underneath the execution table
  moved and lifted the condemned into a vertical position, her feet still over
  her head, the hole of her former pussy dripping blood to the floor. As Sara
  Stahler looked on in horror at the prospects of her own death, Dr. Wexler used
  a large scalpel to firmly cut Irma Ladler from between her tits down through
  her belly to her mons pubis. 
As blood ran freely from her now open abdomen, Mrs. Ladler was clearly still
  alive, her chest heaving as she moaned and even continued to cry faintly. Wexler
  checked her blood pressure and pulse on a monitor and saw both were dropping.
  After checking the monitor Wexler just stepped back to let the woman slowly
  die. The fat little lady, now the tit-less and pussy-less, hung in the new
  position from her wrists and ankles, her bloody bottom now pointing toward
  the floor. 
Wexler turned to Sarah who was crying in sobbing behind her gag in the wheelchair.
  Wexler had failed to tell Sara that he thought Mrs. Ladler had gotten off light.
  Per the court order, she had not been whipped were given any other type of
  corporal punishment before she was put to death. 
Wexler turned back toward a technician and singled that it was time to cut
  Irma Ladler down and harvest any remaining organs while she was still slightly
  alive. Though she was old for transplant consideration, Wexler thought there
  might be something salvageable from the woman. 
Wexler and the orderly wheeled Sara from the execution chamber as Mrs. Ladler,
  barely alive, was unhooked from the execution bench and her body was spread
  eagled on the wide journey as transplant technicians proceeded to open her
  up further. 
On the way down the hall Wexler had the orderly detour into another side room
  as he continued to give Sara the cook's tour' of the Women's Federal Punishment
  Center. 
This is our juvenile program. It is a favorite with me and with Warden Bowden
  because it gives juvenile offenders the message early on, and keeps them out
  of the system later in life. I personally call this the billion-dollar room,
  because what goes on here saves the government billions and billions of dollars
  in future expense. Why? Because should one get in here as a young person, they'll
  never want to come back again for the rest of their life. 
What Sarah saw was a line up of a dozen young girls who had just arrived at
  the facility. They ranged in age from what looked like 10 to 14. They were
  lined up against the wall fully clothed, each with her arms stretched out over
  her head. Every one looked frightened, some had tears rolling down their cheeks.
  Wexler could see that Sara was shocked by the youthfulness of some of the convicted
  offenders. 
The law now allows us to get them here as young as age eight. Executions
  are not performed on anyone under 16, but the earlier we can get a potential
  offender in the program, the more likely she will be a good citizen throughout
  her life and we will never see her again. 
And drug use among youth is way down since this program started Wexler added. 
A crew of six female corrections officers, most of them older and rather matronly
  looking, attended to the young offenders. From their conversation it was clear
  that these young girls had just been separated from a larger group of older
  teenagers in another room. 
As Dr. Wexler, the orderly, and Sarah watched, the matrons took one girl at
  a time away from the wall and proceeded to strip her naked. As the stripping
  began, Sarah could hear several of the young girls crying. The girls knew that
  they are to receive a leather belt, and that witnesses, including family members
  and classmates, could observe their strapping. The courts encouraged other
  schoolchildren to witness these corporal punishments as a deterrent. 
The first girl in line was only 10 years old and she was quickly stripped
  completely naked and placed back in line. The process continued as each young
  girl was stripped of everything including her socks, jewelry, and even hair
  bows. 
As they were stripped, two of the girls were found to be menstruating and
  were taken away to be processed later. The remaining 10 girls were now separated
  into two groups, those with pubic hair, and those who were prepubescent. The
  girls with hair were taken off to another room to have their pussies shaved
  bare. 
Four girls remained in the room. They all appeared very young and very frightened.
  All still held their arms overhead as they had been instructed. Several continue
  to cry. None of the four and any sign of breast development with the exception
  of several swollen, budding areolas. None of the four had any pussy hair and
  their puffy girl-like labia were clearly visible. 
Warden Anne Bowden entered the room carrying a short leather strap. She walked
  up to a small leather bench about the size and height of a large foot stool.
  A guard handed her a paper listing information about the four remaining convicted
  juvenile females. After looking at it, Warden Bowden spoke. 
Megan Splazer the Warden read as three female guards led one of the four
  young girls up to the leather bench. Megan, you have been sentenced to 10
  strokes of the leather strap across your bare bottom to be applied by female
  corrections officer. As a deterrent to drug use among youth, the court is also
  ordered us to bring as many of your fifth-grade classmates here to witness
  your punishment. 
With these words the 11-year-old girl's face turned horrifyingly red as a
  large curtain at one end of the room slowly true open. Megan began to sob as
  she looked through the glass and saw her teacher a dozen of her classmates
  looking back at her. She stood facing them completely naked, her young pussy
  crack clearly visible to every boy and girl in the group. 
The three middle-aged matron's quickly grabbed Megan and laid her upper back
  across the short leather bench. Two matrons held the girl's arms and shoulders
  down, while a third grabbed the girl's ankles and pulled them up over her head,
  bending her knees in the diaper changing position so that her bare bottom was
  fully exposed to the strap. 
The young girl cried and sobbed deafeningly loud as Warden Anne applied to
  strokes diagonally across her buttocks. Some of the strokes slightly touch
  the girl's labia. The 10 strokes were administered rapidly and with adequate
  force, and when the girl was done she was picked up and carried toward the
  window for a moment said that her peers could see her tears. She was then quickly
  carried out to be dressed and reunited with her parents. 
The witnesses, who had heard everything over a loudspeaker, were also quickly
  escorted out of the witness room as the curtain was closed and the next group
  of witnesses was brought in. 
The next girl, only 10 years old, sobbed hysterically when her name was called.
  She had witnessed Megan's punishment, and she also knew that her two brothers
  and her parents had been ordered by the judge to witness her punishment. In
  addition, six classmates from her school had been randomly selected and ordered
  to attend. 
The 10-year-old was ordered to face the curtain with her hands overhead as
  the curtain opened. As the curtain through open she was deeply humiliated upon
  seeing her brothers and classmates, and she immediately put her hands down
  to cover her vulva. 
With a nod from Warden Bowden two guards took the 10-year-old girl's arms
  and strapped them tightly behind her back wrist to elbow' so that she could
  not cover herself, front or rear. Sara Stahler noticed that the girls parents
  were crying on the other side of the glass. The girl was placed on the bench
  and held down firmly, her legs overhead and spread just like the previous girl.
  Then Warden Bowden spoke. 
Carla Maldes, you are only 10 years old but you have already committed a
  crime that would be a high felony if you're an adult. The court is very concerned
  about this. The court is ordered me to apply 12 strokes of the leather strap
  to your bare buttocks, and another 4 strokes across your female lips. The court
  has ordered that this punishment be done in the presence of family members
  if possible. 
As the young girls sentence was read by Warden Bowden the girl's mother began
  to weep uncontrollably and had to sit down. Her brothers continued to stare
  at the spectacle, as did the six classmates, which included three boys and
  three girls. 
The young girl shrieked and kicked as the Warden Bowden strapped her across
  the buttocks. 
Hold her still demanded the Warden as she reeled off a dozen fast belt strokes,
  each of which left an instant large red welt on the girl's bare cheeks. 
Once the first 12 strokes were completed Anne Bowden signaled for a fourth
  matron to help hold down the girl as she prepared to strap the youngster's
  labia. Two matrons held the arms and now two held the legs with knees up as
  the female warden strapped the little girl's pussy with the short piece of
  soft brown leather. 
Let's go Dr. Wexler commanded the orderly as the sound of the little girls
  shrieking and grew deafening. I should have brought my earplugs he thought
  aloud as they wheeled Sarah from the Juvenile Corporal Punishment Room. 
---------------------------------- 
The next day. 
I'm tired of you screwing up the program here Doc, just because you want
  to get some strange pussy shouted Warden Anne Bowden into the telephone at
  Wexler. Now get that Stahler bitch back in the program right away or we are
  we are both going to be in some serious shit with the folks in Washington. 
Wexler had enjoyed keeping Sara as his personal fuck-slave in his on-call
  in bedroom at the prison for the past few days, but he knew the party was over.
  Diane Howell and her daughter Tracy were both healing well from their strapping
  and whipping three days earlier, and Wexler knew he had to get on with their
  next phase of punitive punishments, the court ordered false pregnancy. He hated
  those, because they require him to actually do his job of being an obstetrician,
  which he tried to get away from when he took the prison job 10 years earlier.
  After his wife and kids were killed 16 years earlier, Wexler began dreading
  delivering babies, the job he had been primarily trained to do. He dreaded
  it because it reminded him too much of his own personal loss. 
Wexler also knew that he would have to began with the punitive whipping and
  strapping of Sara today. There would be no way to put it off any longer. Oh,
  what the hell he thought, Sara had not responded sexually to him at all since
  yesterday when he had forced to her to witness the gruesome medical execution
  of Mrs. Ladler. 
He picked up the phone and informed scheduling clerk at the Corporal Punishments
  Department that Mrs. Sara Stahler was now cleared medically to begin receiving
  her corporal punishment. 
We can put it on for this afternoon they replied. 
Good, then go ahead and schedule all three of them for the false delivery
  the day after tomorrow Wexler responded. 
The doctor then hung his head on his desk and wished he had had the courage
  to shoot himself when the state police had called him with that fateful phone
  call over 15 years ago. What kind of monster am I? He thought to himself. 
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives Chapter Five  by Jill Crokett  Copyright 2005. This story is fiction. All names are completely fictitious and
  any resemblance to a real person is coincidental) 
Review of Main Characters : 
Diane Howell - Attractive in a businesslike way. Short light-brown hair cut
  in a no-nonsense wedge. A touch overweight with pendulous (hanging) D-cup breasts
  adorned with large thimble-sized brown nipples. Full butt with somewhat saddle-bagged
  hips. Age 42. Divorced, mother (via c-section) of Tracy. 
Tracy Howell - single, thin, rather flat-chested (A-cup) virgin. Now age 16. 
Sara Stahler - Now 33, married, mother of one young boy (natural birth). Beautiful
  Princess Di look-alike with short-to-medium length natural blond hair and flawless
  skin. Small but firm B-cup tits with small, erect nipples. Athletic. 
Anne Bowden - Age 38. Warden of the Federal Punishment Processing Center at
  Elk Flat, Nevada. Certified to oversee all federal punitive and execution procedures
  on both male and female inmates. Single, never married, no kids. Very businesslike. 
Alan Wexler, MD - Age 52. Board-certified obstetrician and gynecologist. Also
  qualified as a general surgeon. Medical Director and second-in-command of the
  Women's Federal Punishment Processing Center at Elk Flat, Nevada. 
Chapter 5
It was exactly 2:45 in the afternoon on her fourth day at the punishment facility
  when 33-year-old housewife and soccer mom Sara Stahler heard the door to Dr.
  Wexler's private quarters at the Women's Federal Punishment Facility being
  unlocked from the outside. The beautiful princess Di look-alike sat on his
  bed naked, wrapped only in a bath towel, having been left there just an hour
  earlier are by Wexler and his orderly, after the pair had taken her on a whirlwind
  tour of the facility, which included her witnessing the gruesome butchery-like
  execution of an overweight late-middle-aged widow and the belt-whippings of
  two schoolgirls. 
As she lifted her head to see who was coming in the door, with her hopes being
  it was Wexler, Sara was instantly both disappointed and terrified at seeing
  four large uniformed guards accompanied by a single petite, middle-aged female
  guard. Sara's heart raced as the guards approached her and ordered her to stand,
  face them, and raise her arms overhead. As Sara obeyed, the female guard pulled
  loose her towel and dropped it to the floor. The female guard then looked at
  each of the male guards for glancing second and, turning to walk out the door
  said you've got exactly 12 minutes with her boys, and not a minute longer.
  I must have her in the Corporal Punishment Theater in absolutely not less than
  40 minutes, and I'll need most of that for prep 
As the female guard closed the door to Dr. Wexler's room behind her, Sarah
  watched in horror as the four guards began to unbuckle their belts and drop
  their trousers. She had mentally anguished over her upcoming bullwhipping and
  belt strapping, but she had never imagined that, along with being forced to
  give up her tight anus to Wexler's multi-rapes, she would also have to give
  up her pussy to a gang of guards. 
Sara was quickly forced to her knees and ordered to momentarily suck each
  guard in turn. She did not dare to disobey. When one of the younger white guards
  abruptly ejaculated in her mouth, Sara was ordered to swallow, a task she had
  become quite use to while servicing the demands her often abusive alcoholic
  husband. As she swallowed the young guard's thick ejaculate, Sara's mind momentarily
  drifted back to a fraternity party her had attended in her freshman year in
  college, just before she had met her husband. After becoming intoxicated she
  had been taken upstairs in the frat house, stripped of all her clothes, and
  was coerced to kneel and suck off three frat boys as they stood in a row. She
  never saw any of them again. 
Within moments the guards had Sara up on the bed straddling atop an older
  white guard as a well-hung black guard prepared to enter her rectum from behind.
  Sara screamed at the double penetration as the African rammed his rigid cock
  all the way up her ass. Both of the guards came simultaneously while the beautiful
  mom cried as she was raped with two dicks at once. 
The fourth and final guard, seeing that time was about to run out, quickly
  shoved Sara onto her back, threw her ankles up over his shoulders, and quickly
  made a full penetration of her now cum-oozing vagina. As this last guard fucked
  her he made close, direct-eye contact and said, as he orgasmed, now we're
  gonna take you down the hall bitch, and your pretty bottom's gonna get whipped
  raw. 
The female guard reentered the room as the last male guard climbed off Sara,
  just as the other three male guards finished dressing. 
Get her shackled boys, we're running late the female Guard commanded. 
Sara was roughly pulled up off the bed, her pussy lips dripping cum. Pulled
  to her feet, her arms were forcefully drawn behind her and quickly handcuffed.
  With her upper extremities pulled behind her back in the chilly, windowless
  air-conditioned Nevada room, Sara's fully erect nipples popped out from her
  firm B-cup breasts like jewels on a crown. 
The guards quickly hustled naked, handcuffed Sara down the hall to a room
  labeled Corporal Prep Room 4. As the hydraulic-powered double doors opened
  Sara immediately recognized the obstetrical-looking table in the center of
  the room, its bright medical spotlight overhead. An all-female team of what
  appeared to be three white-uniformed nurses, technically referred to in the
  corrections world as punishment prep technicians', awaited Sara's arrival
  in the brightly lit, white-tiled room. 
What Sara did not recognize was the rather strange-looking X-shaped table
  next to OB/Gyn procedure table. She would soon learn that the X-table helped
  facilitate the full-body shaving of a prisoner in preparation for his or her
  punishment by strapping. One of the nurses' ordered the guards to position
  Sara first on her back on the obstetrical table as they quickly moved to strap
  her legs into the troughs wide and high. 
One of the nurses administered three deep-cleansing enemas to Sara by inserting
  series of lightly lubricated tubes into her pinching anal ring and gliding
  them far up into her colon. After Sara's colon was thoroughly flushed clean,
  another Preparation Technician reshaved the mom with a full obstetrical prep,
  completely shaving her from her navel to her knees and thus removing her pussy
  mound it of its nubbly four-day growth. 
After enduring the humiliating shaving in front leave four male guards Sara
  was washed with warm soapy warm water from though waist down and dried with
  a soft towel. A nurse then force-drained her bladder with a catheter tube which
  she slipped achingly far up Sara's pee-hole. 
Her vulva and rectum now prepped clinically clean, Sara was unbuckled by the
  guards, lifted up, and carried over to the X-shaped table where she was turned
  over and strapped face-down in a spread-eagle position. In this face down position
  the nurses proceeded to shave every bit of even the finest baby-fuzz hair from
  Sara's lower back, buttocks, posterior thighs and calves. When they were finished
  the lead nurse ordered the guards turn Sara face up on the table. The female
  prep team then continued the total-body shaving procedure on her spread-eagled
  tits, belly, and fore-thighs. Sara's blond tossed-about head hair was left
  untouched. 
Once the condemned female prisoner was shaved from the neck down, the guards
  unstrapped her and lifted her off of the X-cross. The female guard ordered
  the naked 33-year-old to stand in the center of the room crucifixion-style
  with her arms humiliatingly stretched out to each side. She ordered Sara to
  position her feet slightly apart while two of the female technicians firmly
  strapped special harness devices to each ankle. Each ankle harness had a chrome
  attachment point just lateral to the outside ankle. As her lower legs were
  strapped with the implements of torture and execution, another female technician
  began to strap a pair of similar devices to her wrists and forearms. The wrist
  restraints were fastened even tighter than the ankle harnesses. 
We're running late growled the short, forty-something, female guard. The
  technicians remained behind to clean up the prep room as the five guards, led
  by the petite female guard, escorted the nude and completely smooth 33-year-old
  Mrs. Stahler to her fate down the hall in the Corporal Punishment Theater. 
---------------------- 
The six figures stopped at the end of the long white corridor and stood silently
  before the stainless-steel double doors as they slowly opened automatically.
  Mrs. Stahler felt a chill as the guards shuffled her into the large, dark,
  cavernous theater by her upper arms. She was not handcuffed and wore only her
  wrist and ankle harnesses. It was so dark in the theatre that she was aware
  of nothing except for the fact that she was about to be left very much alone.
  After escorting her forward about 40 feet on the smooth-but-cold concrete floor,
  the guards left Sara standing there all alone in the bright white glare of
  a single spotlight, the shadow-like image of her shaved three-inch-high pussy
  crack illuminated by the distant overhead light. 
Sara Stahler stood as the only object illuminated in the silent, gymnasium-like
  Corporal Punishment Theater. She could hear the collective breathing of a group
  of people, but she could see no one. To an observer hidden in the dark shadows
  Sara appeared beautiful, the perfect totally naked feminine form, her creamy
  smooth skin completely shaved, her nipples erect as she stood ballerina-like
  on the cold, gray polished-concrete floor, her arms submissively at her side
  as she stared straight forward into the darkness, her now disheveled, recently
  unkempt blond hair hanging just short of her shoulders. To the hidden gallery
  of observers Sara's face appeared as a complex expression of stark fear, childish
  naivety, and abject submission. Stripped bare of everything; clothes, jewelry,
  make-up, pubic hair and even basic dignity, she presented herself as the bare
  essence of feminine beauty. Standing there naked in the contrasting bright
  glare and crisp dark shadow of the Punishment Theatre spotlight, Mrs. Sara
  Stahler, housewife and mother, was at that moment at the pinnacle of all she
  would ever be as a feminine being. Whatever her femininity was, both physically
  and visually, was about to be converted into pure sound. 
As Sarah's eyes adjusted to the dark she became aware of two metal posts protruding
  from the ceiling next to her. These solid steel I-beam rods were about 4 feet
  apart and projected out of the darkened ceiling above. Both steel beams stopped
  about 5 feet above the floor. On the bottom of each beam was a single large
  chrome-plated steel attachment ring. The square metal posts were not only bracketed
  and reinforce to the ceiling so that they could not shake or vibrate, but they
  were also welded together with a steel crossbeam, giving them the appearance
  of a small upside-down rugby or American football goalpost. 
Sara looked to her side and saw the steel, upside-down goal post with its
  menacing-looking attachment ring's, then glanced down at the harness on her
  left her wrist, with its corresponding chrome attachment clip, and gave out
  an audible sigh which lightly echoed through the near-silence of the gymnasium-like
  chamber. 
Though she could hear breathing sounds and the occasional clearing of a throat,
  Sara was still not aware of the bleachers holding the witness gallery which
  included relatives of victims from the tunnel disaster, along with dozens of
  government officials, who sat staring at her as she stood naked before them
  on the cold concrete floor. But the witnesses could see her quite clearly,
  her erect nipples raising and lowering with each anxious breath as they danced
  about her somewhat flat but firm, athletic breasts. 
In the shadow of the spotlight the witnesses could see her flat stomach with
  its firm abdominal muscles, the beautiful symmetry of her somewhat mature but
  still youthful-looking face, the face of a 33-year-old woman who was still
  young but had lived life fully as a wife and mother. They could see the bare
  crack of her two touching labia, labia which still retained their girlish youthful
  appearance despite having been spread wide to bear a son and make her a mother. 
The collective breathing of the gallery increased as the huge group witnessed
  the guards carry the condemned female prisoner into the room and place her
  under the spotlight. All assembled knew what they were there to witness, but
  the collective consciousness did not hit them until they saw the beautiful
  wife and mother, stripped and shaved completely bare, escorted into the room
  by uniformed guards. 
They all knew that they were there to witness the corporal punishment of the
  heinous crime committed by an early-middle-aged housewife, but the reality
  of what they were about to witness only struck them fully once Sara Stahler
  bare essence stood before them in total submission. Seeing Sara stand alone
  and naked under the spotlight prompted many of the men in the witness gallery
  to cross their legs, and many of the women to clear the throats and straighten
  their blouses slightly so as not to so overtly reveal their erect nipples. 
Just as Warden Anne Bowden stepped out onto the Punishment Theater floor the
  house lights raised slightly, illuminating the gallery of witnesses to Sara's
  view. She gasped at the great sea of witnesses that stared back at her from
  just 40 feet away. For the beautiful, modest, and proper Sara, it was a moment
  of total humiliation even worse than her anal rape. 
A second spotlight illuminated Warden Bowden as she began to address the witnesses
  in the bleachers. She looked stunning in a new bright red business suit with
  white blouse and knee length skirt. Her red pumps matched the suit perfectly
  and a simple but elegant short choker-length pearl necklace added the final
  touch. Standing next to Sara and dressed to the nines, the professional looking
  government representative Anne Bowden presented herself to the gallery as a
  stark feminine contrast to the totally naked condemned prisoner Sara Stahler. 
Ladies and gentlemen, today you're going to witness the initial court ordered
  corporal punishment of one of America's worst convicted terrorists. 
Because of the nature of the crime and the great number of victims, the Department
  of Corrections has allowed for 10 times the normal number of witnesses to be
  present today. Though there are over 400 of you assembled here today, as you
  know, many thousands more applied for the privilege of witnessing the punitive
  corporal punishment and execution of the condemned prisoner before you today,
  and you 400 plus men and women were chosen by that lottery to witness this
  initial phase of the sentence. In keeping with Department guidelines, we were
  still required to see that an equal number of female and male witnesses were
  present, so the lottery process was somewhat skewed in order to follow those
  mandated directives. 
As most of you are aware, as a special consideration to the parents of the
  tunnel disaster's school bus victims, the Department of Corrections conducted
  a separate special lottery to select 100 of the witnesses from among the parents
  of the schoolchildren victims. As director of this facility, I extend to you
  parents a special welcome, and I personally extend my condolences to you. If
  I or my staff can do anything to make your stay here at this facility more
  comfortable, please don't hesitate to let us know. My staff has attempted accommodate
  gallery seating arrangements for spouses and family members. 
I must insist that you remain in your seats until the proceedings are completed.
  As you have already been instructed, do not shout or speak aloud. If you become
  nauseous or ill, simply raise your hand and a corrections officer will escort
  you from the Punishment Theater. 
Karen and William Schnell sat next to one another in the witness gallery and
  looked out on the stark, bare concrete punishment theater floor as they listened
  to Warden Bowden. When the double doors had opened and the guards first escorted
  Sara Stahler in under the spotlight, 36-year-old Karen Schnell, dressed in
  a simple, calf-length light blue causal linen dress, reached next to her and
  grasped her husband's hand and squeezed it tight. She did not let it go. It
  was the first time she had made any unprompted physical contact with her husband
  since her nine-year-old son had been burned alive on his school bus in the
  tunnel disaster a year earlier. Karen and Bill had made love only once since
  their only child was killed, and it had been uncomfortably awkward for both
  of them. The attempt at intimacy was so awkward for Bill that he never tried
  again, and the couple had simply froze up physically. 
Karen's sudden simple act of affection shocked Bill, and he was surprised
  to find that as he stared forward at the stripped condemned female prisoner
  and squeezed back on his wife's hand, he developed a massive, dripping erection
  in the lightly faded contractors blue jeans he had worn to the proceedings. 
Karen held Bill's hand tight all through Warden Bowden's introduction. Once
  Bowden had finished speaking, Karen, excited at seeing her son's brutal killer
  finally brought to justice before her very eyes, turned slightly and leaned
  toward her husband's ear and whispered I want them to whip her bottom raw
  Bill, then I want you to take me back to the hotel, stripped me, shaved me
  just like her, and make me a new baby. Please Bill, I want to see this bitch
  die, then I want you to make me a new baby. 
40-year-old small building contractor William Schnell nearly shot off his
  load right there in his pants as his wife whispered to him and squeezed his
  hand with love as tears rolled down her cheeks. At that moment he honestly
  didn't know if he could make it through the proceedings without coming in his
  pants. What he didn't know was that more than a dozen husbands and wives sitting
  next to each other in the gallery wondered the same thing. 
Warden Bowden turned toward Sara, who still stood without handcuffs, and read
  from a short piece of paper. 
Sara Stahler, having been found guilty of capital crimes and having been
  sentenced by the court to receive punitive punishments before you are put to
  death, and having been prepped for such corporal punishment in the manner prescribed
  by the Department of Corrections, you shall now receive 40 lashes across your
  bare buttocks with a short a bullwhip, followed by an additional 40 strokes
  across your external female genitalia with a leather belt. 
Sara now wept and moaned aloud as she mumbled to the Warden. 
Karen Schnell stared from the gallery transfixed, clearly pleased at seeing
  Sara Stahler, the person she perceived as her son's killer, weep with terror
  at her impending torture. In her vengeful excitement, Karen again squeezed
  her husband's hand and whispered I want them to whip her good, top to bottom.
  Killing her isn't enough, Bill. I went through nine months of pregnancy, 11
  hours of labor, and a decade of child rearing, and this bitch snuffed it out
  in a minute, she just through my baby's life out like it was trash. I can't
  wait to see them whip that bitch's pussy. 
Karen was so focused on the visual spectacle unfolding before her that she
  was unaware that her vagina was completely lubricated and dripping for the
  first time in over a year. She nearly salivated from her labia as Warden Bowden
  concluded her speech. 
As an additional punitive measure allowed by the Department of Corrections
  and Punishment, for your disobedience and for your causing a delay to these
  proceedings, I impose an additional 10 strokes of the lash and belt each, in
  addition to 5 minutes of non-lethal electrocution to your nipples and clitoris. 
Sara wept and dropped her head foreword. 
The warden turned to the gallery and added I know that for most of you here
  today, this will be your only chance to witness part of this execution of sentence,
  because many thousands more have applied for the right to witness this execution
  in its other phases. While you will not be here to witness it, I want to assure
  you that after receiving the first phase of her sentenced today, Mrs. Stahler,
  after three days of recuperation, will receive a second corporal punishment
  known as false childbirth, which involves the extreme physical punishment to
  her genitalia and reproductive organs. She will then be given another three
  days to recuperate, after which she will be put to death. 
I know that many of you have suffered a terrible loss from the acts of these
  terrorists, but I want you to know that we here at the Federal Department of
  Punishment and Correction will do all we can to see that terrorists like the
  one before you today pay an extreme price for their crimes. Thank you for your
  attendance today, and thank you for your cooperation. 
As Warden Bowden walked from the spotlight of the theater floor, two male
  guards approached Sara and raised her wrists, clipping them to the chrome attachment
  rings at the bottoms of each of the two steel posts coming from the ceiling.
  This positioning raised Sara's arms so that they were spread somewhat crucifixion-like,
  outstretched to either side of her body at about the level of her head, but
  not stretched tight, with her elbows remaining slightly bent. 
Both of the condemned mom's feet remained flat on the floor. The bullwhip
  would be applied first Sara's butt, and she would not be suspended for that
  punishment, but would stand. Only her wrists would be immobilized by the unshakable
  strong steel posts which were 4 ft. apart and 5 ft. off the floor. Because
  the posts came down from the ceiling and not up from the floor, all the space
  around Sara's body was free from obstruction, allowing the whipmaster to whip
  her unencumbered from any direction around her. 
There was a collective gasp from the gallery as the whipmaster swaggered out
  onto the floor carrying with a single-tail six-foot-long bullwhip in his hand.
  His face and head was covered with a leather mask opened at the ears, eyes,
  nose and mouth. The mask fastened around his neck with a small belt buckle.
  He wore tight black leather pants which accentuated his male genitalia, and
  he was stripped to the waist. His arms and upper body, including his pecks
  and shoulders were well developed, tanned and oiled. Karen Schnell's spirits
  soared as she watched the whipmaster approach the helplessly restrained Sarah. 
With the first crack of the whip across the trim, blond 33-year-old mom's
  bare bottom, she lifted herself up from the floor by her arms and completely
  covered her butt with the heels of her feet as her hair tossed about. Before
  she could put her feet down the whipmaster laid the second stroke across her
  nipples as she reflexively tried in vain to bring her arms together to protect
  her bare chest. 
As the housewife screamed at the top of her lungs, the whipmaster laid stroke
  after stroke across her thighs and bare bottom as she tried every position
  available to her given the limits of her restraint. Sarah Stahler screamed
  and begged and is the bullwhip found its mark across her red-striped bottom. 
Sarah pumped as if she were writing a bicycle and she desperately repeatedly
  lifted her feet from the floor with the fading strength of her out spread arms.
  The crowd watched the tortured female scream unintelligible sounds as some
  of in the gallery counted the strokes as the whip cracked over and over across
  her bare buttocks, hips and thighs. 
After 30 strokes of the bullwhip the condemned housewife could no longer stand
  up, but hung limp from her wrists as the whipmaster walked forward to lay the
  final strokes on her bare breasts which were flattened by her outstretched
  arms. Sara now looked like a zebra, only with red rather than black stripes. 
Once the 40 th bullwhip stroke had been applied to her formerly creamy-white
  flesh, two male guards approached and each lifted one of Sara's ankles high
  up off the floor, spreading her crotch wide for the witnesses to see her bare
  pussy. Each guard attached an ankle to the corresponding wrist attachment point.
  The 33-year-old housewife now hung by her wrists and ankles from two attachment
  points four feet apart, her crotch completely spread open, her feet wide apart
  over her head. 
Sara continued to gasp for breath and sob uncontrollably from the bullwhip
  torture she had just endured. The whipmaster now held a leather belt, but it
  was not to be the next punishment. A female technician approached Sara with
  what looked like a small battery cable clamp and clipped it firmly to her clitoris.
  The technician then wrapped a grounding cord around Sara's right lower thigh
  and stepped away. 
For a long silent minute the clit-wired Sara hung helpless before the first
  pulse of electric current hit her clitoris. She let out an unbelievably loud,
  long-lasting, blood-curling scream as Sara lifted her crotch high in the air
  while she contracted her arms and legs with the first of many strong pulses.
  Despite her recent catheterization, a small a mound of urine squirted high
  into the air to the amazement of the witnesses. 
The clitoral electrocution went on at least 5 minutes, and with each sharp
  pulse of electric current Sarah wailed and thrashed her body about. The gallery
  witnesses, who could neither hear or see the electrical current, were fascinated
  with the naked and spread female's convulsions. 
After the clit clip was removed the whipmaster approached and quickly laid
  the first of many strokes across Sarah smooth, spread labia. As the housewife
  and mother pleaded and begged, Karen and William Schnell looked on with a satisfaction
  that surprised even themselves. The whipmaster applied the last 20 strokes
  of the belt forcefully as he could directly between Sara's legs in rapid-fire
  succession has the housewife literally stop breathing in pain and agony. 
Once the whipmaster had strapped her shaved pussy with 40 times with the belt,
  Sara's ankles were unhooked and once again her feet were placed back on the
  floor. The electrical torture technician approached again with electrical clips
  and firmly clamped them to each of Sara's nipples. No ground attachment was
  needed this time. Sara wailed with all her remaining humanly effort one final
  time as electrical current shot between her beautiful, firm, erect nipples
  and burned them raw. 
------------------------ 
As the chauffeured bus provided by the Department of Corrections drove Karen
  and Bill Schnell and dozens of other witnesses back to their hotel 90 minutes
  away in Las Vegas, Karen could not remember the scene of Sara Stahler being
  taken down from her cross and wheeled out of the Punishment Theater on a stretcher.
  She could only think of the fact that the nightmare which her life had been
  for over one year was now resolving itself. She was determined to believe that
  despite her personal loss, justice had been applied, and would continue to
  be applied, and that now she could return to a somewhat normal life and once
  again become a normal wife and mother, the two things that she had always wanted
  to be, more than anything else, since she was a little girl. 
Bill and Karen didn't speak on the bus ride back to the hotel, nor did they
  say a word as they entered the hotel room. As Bill closed the door, the hotel
  room instantly darkened. He looked up and saw his wife Karen closing the wide
  room curtains. Then, without a word, he watched as she walked over to the king-size
  bed and began to slowly and methodically strip it bare of its cover, top sheet,
  and pillows, leaving only the bare bottom sheet. She then walked in the bathroom,
  grabbed a bath towel and a warm, damp washcloth, picked up Bill's shaving kit,
  and returned to the bedroom with these items. Karen laid the bath towel over
  the edge of the bed, set the moist washcloth next to it, and set Bill's shaving
  kit on the night stand. 
Karen, still standing, looked her husband directly in the eye and, without
  losing eye contact or saying a word, slowly lifted her arms straight up toward
  the ceiling. She stood in this position, silent, still staring at Bill, for
  over a minute. 
Bill slowly approached his wife, and without saying a word removed the belt
  from the waist of her dress and dropped it to the floor. He then kissed Karen
  passionately on the lips for the first time in years. As her arms remained
  submissively overhead, Bill lifted his wife's dress slowly up over her head
  and off of her still up-stretched arms. Bill Schnell proceeded to strip his
  wife Karen naked for the first time in many months. After kissing her passionately
  he laid her bottom back across the bath towel and proceeded to slowly and carefully
  shave her pussy clean. Once the task was completed and Mrs. Schnell's labia
  and mons pubis was completely bare, neither one of them had yet uttered a single
  word since entering the hotel room. 
--------------------- 
William Schnell's cock exploded for the third time in as many hours deep inside
  his moaning wife's vagina. In the darkened Las Vegas hotel room, Karen Schnell
  screamed and cried both an agony and ecstasy of passion and deep emotional
  release at her husband's strong, long, hard-pounding of her freshly shaved
  pussy. The thunderous, long-delayed evening of hard, sweaty sex had somehow
  healed a tiny part of Karen Schnell's shattered world as her ankles tightly
  gripped each side of her husband's neck. For the Schnell's, a time of nightmarish
  reality was coming to a close. For the first time in over a year they had finally
  seen someone whose day had been worse than their own. 
Having sexually exhausted themselves unlike any time since their honeymoon,
  the Schnell's laid back on the bed as loads of cum oozed from Karen's pussy.
  As they laughed and joked at their son's murderer's predicament, the long-suffering
  couple fell asleep in one another's arms. Ever since the terrorist tunnel disaster
  incident had burned their young son alive, there would never again be a normal
  day for Karen and Bill Schnell, but somehow, seeing the perpetrator of their
  son's demise suffer a humiliating lashing, and now being fully convinced that
  the government would indeed torture their son's killer to death, the Schnell's
  had seemed to manifest the most normal day they had experienced in a long,
  long time. 
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives Chapter Six by Jill Crokett
  Copyright 2005.
    This story is fiction. All names are completely fictitious and any resemblance
    to a real person is coincidental 
Updated Review of Main Characters : 
William and Karen Schnell  casually dressed, tanned, and physically fit 40-year-old
  small-time Long Island home builder and his attractive, tan-lined but moderately
  overweight 36-year-old C-cup housewife. Their young son was a victim of terrorism
  and they are in Nevada to witness the execution of his killers. 
Diane Howell  Condemned 42-year-old ringleader of the tunnel terrorists.
  A short-haired, short-statured, overweight, divorced mom with full, hanging,
  D-cup tits. Scheduled to be put to death in front of over 600 witnesses including
  nearly 200 government officials. 
Tracy Howell  Diane's petite 16-year-old daughter. Convicted as an adult
  co-conspirator in the tunnel terrorism plot and sentenced to death. 
Sara Stahler  Beautiful natural blond 33-year-old housewife, mother, and
  convicted terrorist. Small but firm tits with flawless skin and hair cut just
  off the shoulders. Sentenced to death by a female judge and scheduled to be
  executed in one week . 
Anne Bowden  cold, calculating 38-year-old all-business she-bitch warden
  of the Federal Female Punishment Center at Elk Flat, Nevada. Takes her job
  very seriously. One of her favorite pastimes is traveling to the nearby Men's
  Punishment Center and observing the prepping, castration, and execution of
  teenage and young-adult condemned rapists. 
Alan Wexler , MD  sadistic 52-year-old medical director of the Women's Punishment
  Center at Elk Flat. A certified OB-GYN for over 20 years, he is totally proficient
  at dominating, humiliating, and punishing females. 
Chapter 6 
The telephone ring cut through the early morning silence, startling Karen
  and Bill Schnell from their sex-induced slumber. Karen sat up naked on the
  edge of the large king bed and stared intently at Bill's facial expressions
  as he talked into the receiver in the darkened Las Vegas hotel room. 
Yes, yes we would, she heard her husband say. Yes, we'll definitely be
  available he added with a hardened half-smile. She observed as Bill paused
  to listen, his head tight to the receiver, then added No, no, it's no problem,
  mam, we had all ready planned to stay in Vegas for the next week. He thanked
  the caller several times, then hung up the phone and turned to his wife with
  an expression of both shock and excitement. 
That was Ms. Finch, Warden Bowden's secretary in the prison administration
  office. Two witnesses coming in from New York had to cancel at the last-minute.
  Illness or something. The warden selected us from a contingency list to serve
  as alternate witnesses! 
Karen's sleepy eyes popped wide open and stared as her mouth silently gapped
  open with a look of surprise and elation. 
She said that Warden Bowden knew we were still in Nevada, Bill continued, and
  she just wanted to be sure that we still wanted to stay and serve as alternate
  witnesses. 
Bill's voice nearly shook with excitement. He'd never known his wife, or any
  other woman for that matter, to be so sexually turned on, so sexually excited,
  as Karen had been just ten hours earlier when they'd returned to their hotel
  room after witnessing the live bullwhipping of the beautiful 33-year-old housewife,
  Sara Stahler. The thought of soon repeating the experience had his heart pounding
  and his mind flashing fantasies in rapid fire succession. 
The secretary asked if we'd be available to stay in Nevada and witness all
  the remaining punishments, and even the executions, honey! And, and I said
  yes, O.K.? Bill blurted between heavy breaths. 
Now radiantly exposing a row of perfect white teeth, nude Karen beamed backed
  at her husband in ecstatic approval, her hard nipples pointing towards him
  in the dim light of the bedside clock-radio. 
She even said that, as extended guests and witnesses of the facility, we'll
  most likely be invited to have lunch with the warden, and, he stuttered, And
  sh, sh, she said we'll probably be offer a behind closed doors' type of tour
  of the facility that only VIP's get! Bill added with excitement. 
The fantasy words Sara Stahler, you are now to be put to death echoed through
  a dark corner of Karen's brain as fresh, only-hours-old visions of the screaming
  mom receiving a bare-butt bullwhipping flashed across her mind. 
Karen Schnell's pussy literally dripped as she stared eye-to-eye at her husband
  in the dark and reached down to gently grasp his erection. The news that she
  would now witness with her own eyes the sadistic and methodical execution of
  her son's killers had momentarily overwhelmed her. As she now cupped Bill's
  balls and dripping, rigid cock with both hands, Karen leaned forward on her
  tiptoes passionately kissed her husband on the lips for only the second time
  in as many years. Staring silently into Bill's eyes as she gently stroked his
  cock, naked Karen broke the silence of the darkened room and whispered Do
  you know how they do it, Bill? 
Do what, honey? he whispered 
Execute them, Bill Karen whispered back, How will they execute our baby's
  killers? 
Uh, this guy on the jobsite, uh Bill stammered, breathing heavily as Karen
  slowly stroked his pre-cum-slick shaft as they stood face-to-face, this sub-contractor,
  uh, he said they would strap them down, uh, you know, spread-eagle-like, and,
  you know, naked, and uh, shave them and, uh, cut, cut their pussy lips off
  and cut out their vaginas and uteruses, you know, alive. 
Bill stammered on as Karen continued to stroke his near-exploding cock. She
  knew what Bill knew, but just wanted to hear it from her husband, hear it from
  her hard, naked man. Her cunt salivated as she listened to Bill tell her what
  she already knew from reading an article in a women's magazine. She knew about
  the punishment dealt to killers and terrorists because it was a controversial 
That's right hun, and we're going to be there to see it Karen whispered
  with exclamation as she stroked her man, And I'm going to watch those bitches
  lose what I'll still have, a pussy, a womb, and a life. They took my little
  boy but I'll be damn if they'll destroy my happiness. 
It was no secret that sexual eviscerations often preceded the executions of
  the worst of the male offenders. Karen herself had read a magazine article
  about the execution of a child-rapist and murderer who was stripped, tied spread-eagle,
  had his genitals shaved, and then had his balls and penis completely cut off
  by a surgeon while he was fully conscious, before being gutted alive. But the
  idea of putting female murderers to death in this fashion was a newer concept,
  and it had raised some controversy in certain circles. 
That's right, baby Karen continued as she stroked her husband to completion, I'm
  going to watch those girls scream as they strap them down and cut off their
  pussy lips and little clits! 
With those words Bill's cock ejaculated. Karen continued to smile and hold
  eye contact with Bill as she stroked him as hot semen squirted up on her belly. 
Karen smiled and wrapped her arms around her husband as they both stood naked
  in the dark, his heart pounding against her chest. 
Bill, Karen whispered with a deep passion, when we get back from the women's
  prison tonight, I want you to fuck me really hard. I want you to fuck me harder
  than I've ever been fucked before, Bill. I want you to fuck me till it hurts,
  OK hun? I really need to feel it deep. And I want you to do that to me every
  day until I'm pregnant. 
Bill was silent in his own thoughts, stunned at hearing his formerly un-sexual
  partner talk dirty to him. 
Karen's pussy salivated with excitement as she raised her head slightly and
  looked straight into her husband's eyes. Do you understand, honey? she quizzed. 
I understand, baby was Bill only reply. He stood there in her arms thinking
  how he had never realized the excitement his wife would get from witnessing
  the torture of her son's killers. Little did Bill know at that moment that
  Karen's past ten hours of physical expression were just the tip of her sexual
  iceberg, long hidden dormant beneath the ice. Nor did he know that what he
  and Karen would witness together at the Women's Federal Punishment Facility
  over the next week would unfold a sexuality in their marriage he could never
  have imagined. 
---------------------- 
Diane Howell awakens to the sound of her cell door unlocking and then sliding
  open. She looks up from her pad-less metal cot and sees three guards, one female
  and two males, entering her darkened small, completely bare, steel prison cell. 
Diane is totally naked, as she has been for days since first being stripped
  upon her arrival at the facility. Her whip marks are healing well, but a still
  very clearly visible across her buttocks and mons venus. Her nipples are still
  swollen, with small visible electrical burn marks. 
The guards quickly order Diane into the hallway where she is instructed to
  stand there with her feet apart, and with her arms overhead in the surrender
  posture as several other male guards walk by escorting another naked, condemned
  female prisoner. 
Standing with her arms overhead, Diane looks to see if it's her daughter Tracy
  who she has not seen since the two were whipped before an audience of witnesses
  several days earlier. 
Eyes forward one of the male guards growls as the female guard searches
  Diane's pussy and butt cracks for contraband, specifically anything sharp she
  could use to slit her wrists with. In the few days at the facility Diane has
  learned to promptly obey. She instantly returns her gaze forward. 
The overweight, condemned, 42-year-old convicted female terrorist is marched
  naked down the hall with her hands atop her head. As Diane's bare feet slap
  the vinyl floor her full, hanging, D-cup breasts bounce in stride. As the four
  travel through several hundred meters of hallways, clothed prisoners and guards
  alike look up and glance at Diane, silently acknowledging her condemned status,
  which is clearly recognizable by the fact that she is stripped naked and her
  pussy completely clean shaved. Everyone in the prison, guards inmates and witnesses
  alike, know that the market of a condemned woman is that she is always kept
  naked and her labia are kept completely clean-shaved. As Diane walks, she obediently
  keeps her eyes forward, the palms of her hands resting atop her short-cropped
  hair. 
The guards stop Diane in front of an entranceway labeled Gynecological Procedure
  Room. As the power double doors slowly open, Diane sees that white-coat attired
  Dr. Wexler is waiting for her, latex gloves already on his hands. Next to Wexler
  is an obstetrical delivery table, its full-leg stirrups already high and wide
  in position, awaiting her spread thighs. 
Wexler directs the guards to strap the 42-year-old condemned mom onto the
  table, and he tells them to spread her legs as wide and high into the stirrups
  as possible in the process. Diane is placed on her back with her butt hanging
  off one end of the short table. Her hands are cuffed straight over her head
  at the other end of the table. Her thighs and calves are then strapped tightly
  into the long, half-pipe shaped, molded plastic stirrups. 
Wexler holds up a lightly lubricated, cold steel speculum and begins to slide
  it into Diane's femininity. He then spreads her pussy lips wide and clamps
  the speculum open as Diane feels cold air reach her cervix. Wexler then places
  a half-kilo metal weight on the speculum to give him a clear view of the 42-year-old's
  cervix and uterine neck. He notes to his attending nurse that there has been
  some shadow of short pubic hair growth since Diane were shaved a few days earlier.
  Wexler tells the nurse this is no problem as the condemned woman will be shaved
  again just before her false childbirth delivery, in about 18 hours. 
Diana lifts her head to momentarily look down between her legs. Her eyes widen
  with fright as she sees Wexler pick up a long, ultra-wide-gauge needle and
  guide it into her spread-open vagina, aligning the needle's meatus with the
  tiny opening of her cervix. Wexler slowly pushes the huge needle deep into
  Diana's womb as the middle-aged woman gives out a faint scream and begins to
  cry. Even though her there are very she nerve endings in the cervix itself,
  Diane can feel the pressure of the huge needle making its way deep inside your
  body and the thought of it is terrifying. 
The material which I just injected into uterus will slowly expand over the
  next 18 hours to the size and weight of a newborn infant Wexler tells Diane
  in graphic, monotone-voiced description of her impending procedure. 
It will swell using your own natural body fluids, pushing you lower abdomen
  and pelvis out to the size of a full nine-month pregnancy. 
As Diane stares at Wexler with a look of terror in her eyes he continues in
  a monotone voice. 
I will then induce you into labor by administering to you special hormone-based
  drugs which will produce extremely strong, powerful contractions of your uterus.
  Mrs. Howell, after a rather short but extremely painful labor, you'll give
  birth to something about the size of an American football or rugby ball. 
An Diane's eyes flood with tears, Wexler cruelly adds and this time Diane,
  they'll be no c-section as there was when you delivered your daughter Tracy.
  No ma'am, this time this inanimate object is coming right through your vagina
  in a natural childbirth fashion. And there won't be any drugs for the pain.
  Oh, and of course it will all be done in front of the gallery of witnesses. 
Diane now sobbed aloud, her body shaking slightly against the restraints of
  her outstretched arms. 
Save your tears, Mrs. Howell, you need plenty of them in about 18 hours, Wexler
  cruelly toyed with her, your 42-year-old pussy is about to spread wide enough
  to deliver a football. It should be fun to watch. The last woman I did this
  too was the 49-year-old heavyset wife of the Mafia drug kingpin. She screamed
  so loud, for so long, we all had to use earplugs. As she was delivering the
  football she begged us to kill her. We waited a week till her pussy healed
  up, then we obliged her, just like we're going to do to you Diane. 
Still spread and strapped-down on the gynecological procedure table , Diane's
  head shook uncontrollably as she wept aloud, her large breasts sagging to each
  side of her torso, their nipples erect in the cool room. 
Wexler continued his droll monologue We're going to hook you up to an I.V.
  now Diane, so we can force fluids in you. It helps the device swell. You'll
  start getting very uncomfortable in about 30 minutes. It'll be painful as your
  belly swells and builds up to that of the woman nine months pregnant. Once
  you're at a full nine months and going to walk you around a bit and show you
  off. I know Warden Bowden will want to see you at full term in your false pregnancy.
  Despite your age, you should look pretty natural because of the large full
  breasts. 
As nurses hooked Diane up to the intravenous tubes, Wexler headed for the
  door, pulling his latex gloves off and throwing them on the floor for an orderly
  to pick up. 
As he reached the doorway, Wexler turned and said coolly to Diane I'm going
  to go get your daughter Tracy now 
As he turned and walked into the hallway Diane screamed at him No, no, doctor,
  please, please don't do this to my little girl, she's only 16, please don't
  make her go through this. She's still a virgin, please, PLEASE. 
Diane's screaming was in vain as the electric power doors swung close. 
-------------------------- 
As the official chauffeur driven car sent by the prison rolled through miles
  of Nevada desert, Bill and Karen did not speak. When their limo pulled up to
  the first checkpoint a mile from the prison building complex, Karen caught
  sight of a small group of mostly women protesters holding up placards in the
  hot desert sun. 
These protesters must really be hard-core to stand out in this heat Bill
  commented. 
Stupid bitches, I bet none of them has lost a child to terrorism. Karen
  replied 
The car stopped briefly before rolling through the checkpoint. As it passed
  through Karen read allowed the words on the large, simple sign, Federal Women's
  Corporal Punishment and Capital Sentence Execution Facility, absolutely no
  unauthorized entry beyond this point, shoot-to-kill trespassing policy strictly
  enforced. 
These folks don't fool around here Karen added to the signs wording. 
Bill ignored her. He was too busy reading the protester's placards, which
  he also read aloud in a low voice, stop female executions now; end child torture;
  vaginal torture is a crime against humanity; stop the punishments now. 
About a mile later the chauffeured official prison car pulled up under a large
  awning which shaded it from the baking Nevada sun. 
Hi, I'm Janet Wang, head of witness relations here at the women's facility said
  an attractive, slender, well-dressed middle-aged woman of Asian extraction. If
  you'll come with me please. Warden Bowden is waiting to meet you for lunch
  in her private dining quarters. I hope prime rib in Bordeaux sauce will meet
  with your approval. That's what the warden scheduled for lunch today. I hope
  neither of you is a vegan, the warden is such a red meat lover. Wang smiled
  broadly as she chatted. Bill had trouble keeping eye contact, distracted by
  Ms. Wang's short skirt which matched her sexy-but-businesslike fuchsia colored
  suit jacket. 
That'll be fine Bill and Karen both replied at once as Wang escorted them
  out of the desert heat and into the clean, institutional-looking facility. 
After long walk down a hallway and a short elevator ride, Wang introduced
  Bill and Karen Schnell to Anne Bowden, and the four made light conversation
  over a wonderfully prepared luncheon which was served exactly at 12:05 p.m.
  as the warden had requested. She was obsessive about timing and schedules,
  and even the kitchen staff knew it. 
Thank you for agreeing to be part of the witness team again, and thanks for
  extending your stay in Las Vegas the female warden said as she sipped her
  after lunch coffee. 
Oh, it was no problem at all, we had planned to stay in Vegas an extra week
  anyway, and we're glad to be of service to our country. Karen replied with
  a faint smile as she made brief eye contact with Bill. 
As my guests the warden said I'm going to give you each a special pass
  which will be good for your entire week here. You must be accompanied by one
  of my staff members at all times, but the pass will allow you to witness anything
  which takes place here at the facility. You can watch our fine kitchen staff
  bake cakes, you can go and watch any of the many forms of corporal punishments
  which take place here, you'll even be able to witness a capital sentence as
  it is carried out here if you wish. There are usually one or two a day, but
  not on weekends. You can even go into the medical facility and observe a postmortem
  examination of an executed criminal if you wish. 
Karen and Bill did not respond, they're somewhat shocked brains still processing
  the warden's words. 
My desire is not shock you, but to make you feel welcomed here Bowden added. 
Bill felt another erection growing in his pants as he listened to Anne speak.
  He was already fantasizing about wandering through the facility. 
There is something that takes place here now that most people in America
  still know nothing about yet the warden continued. It has to do with the
  farming out of executions from other countries. It's a fast-growing cash producer
  for the American penal system, and it's actually not only helping pay for our
  prison system, but for the first time since forced labor by criminals, it is
  actually beginning to turn us into a for-profit business enterprise. 
How does it work? Karen inquired with great curiosity. 
Now, with new low-cost supersonic air travel, it is cheaper for other countries
  to outsource both corporal and capital punishment of foreign nationals to our
  facility here in Nevada. This way, foreign governments don't incur the cost
  of building their own facilities in each country around the world. A small
  set of international judges is always on hand to hand down sentences right
  here at the facility. The sentence can be carried out right here, at no cost
  to the outsourcing country. 
No cost? Bill chimed in. 
Yes, that's exactly what I said, no cost, Mr. Schnell the warden answered. That's
  because we can make a profit here by selling pay-per-view cable rights of the
  trials, punishments, and even executions that occur here. 
I thought that was illegal Karen quipped. 
Yes, it is, in the United States that is, but not in all countries. It's
  perfectly legal for the general public to watch the administration of punishments,
  even executions, in say, Saudi Arabia, Brunei, the Netherlands, Myanmar, or
  Cuba. Is actually quite a business in those countries now. Those countries
  even have a booming tourism niche of tourists from other countries, even America,
  who want to watch the proceedings live on TV. 
And by letting us make a profit at the wholesale production level here at
  the facility, those countries don't have to operate punishment and execution
  facilities for their serious criminals. It saves them a ton of money. They
  simply send them here to have their sentence carried out. It's free for them,
  we get to make a profit selling the lucrative raw cable feed, and they pump
  cash into their own economies by bringing in voyeur-tourists to watch the proceedings
  in their countries. It is a win-win all-around. 
So, what you are saying is, Bill quizzed, that people from other countries
  are put to death here? 
That's right Bill answered Bowden at this facility, the worst female criminals
  in the world are whipped and even executed, and you'll get to see it, if you
  would like. 
Why, in just about an hour I expect a flight to arrive from Russia with several
  women on board who have already been found guilty of serious capital crimes
  there. They have been found guilty, but not sentenced yet. 
When they arrive each has the right to be accompanied by up to two family
  members, probably parents if they convicted is young, and possibly her lawyer.
  Each country we work with has its own sentencing judge in residence here. Our
  own on-site Russian Judge is reviewing their cases right now and will sentence
  them when they arrive. The sentence will be carried out before live TV cameras
  almost immediately upon their arrival. If the convict is not put to death here,
  they'll be sent home to be released in a few days, once they recover from their
  corporal punishment at our medical facility. 
One other thing of interest Bowden continued, What happens here is a legitimately
  licensed venue and venture of the foreign country which condones it, so it
  is not under the laws of the United States. In Saudi Arabia, for example, children
  can be put to death as young as age 11. Their minimum age for judicial corporal
  punishment, such as caning or whipping, is only six. 
So you might be quite shocked at what you see occurring here. Just remember,
  it is condoned by the foreign government which we have contracted with, not
  the United States government. We here at the women's punishment facility are
  simply making a profit doing what the foreign country would ultimately do anyway.
  It's an economy of volume. An executioner can be paid to work five days a year
  or 200 days a year, the cost of employment remains the same. 
We do require that young kids sent here for corporal punishment be accompanied
  by at least one parent or legal guardian. In some countries, judges even sentence
  a parent to be punished along with the kid. Of course, we have to send the
  dads over to the male facility for punishment, because we're not licensed to
  punish males over age 12 at this facility. 
If you're interested the warden said as she turned to make eye contact with
  Karen, I can probably get you a pass to go over to the male facility to witness
  an execution there. 
No, no, you've been more than generous warden, I'm quite happy to stay here Karen
  said in acknowledging the warden's thoughtfulness. 
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives Chapter Seven by Jill Crokett Copyright
  2005. This story is fiction. All names are completely fictitious and any resemblance
  to that of a real person is totally coincidental. 
The court room looked like any other, except it was smaller and had no rows
  of benches in the gallery, only standing room. A stern looking, late middle-aged
  male judge wore black robes as he sat in an elevated position behind the dark
  mahogany wood judicial bench. After lunch the warden had brought Karen and
  Bill Schnell to this mini-courtroom, located within the wall's of the Women's
  Punishment Center, to witness the sentencing of a foreign contract prisoner. 
The New York couple sat with the warden in comfortable upholstered chairs
  off to one side of the courtroom as two female Russian television camera operators
  pulled in scenes from different angles of the room. The warden and each of
  the Schnell's wore an earpiece which provided them with an English translation
  of the proceedings. 
The judge called the court into session in Russian and the doors at the other
  end of the courtroom immediately swung open wide. Five uniformed Russian guards
  escorted a frightened looking, dark-haired young Chechen woman into the courtroom.
  She appeared to be no more than 16 or 17 years old. After walking her down
  the short aisle the guards stood her before the judge's bench, unlocked her
  handcuffs, and stepped back several paces, leaving the young woman to face
  the judge alone, her arms nervously at her side. 
Karen and Bill listened eagerly awaited the English translation as the judge
  began to speak in Russian as he read a legal document aloud. The judge's words
  seemed stern and soon tears rolled freely down the young woman's cheeks. It
  was several moments before the brief, summarized English translation of his
  words flowed into Karen's earpiece. 
Karen and Bill listened intently, each with a single finger against their
  earpiece as they heard the translator say Valerina Karnazloff, you have been
  found guilty of assisting to commit capital murder as the getaway car driver
  in a bank robbery which resulted in the death of two bank customers in Moscow.
  Ms. Karnazloff, I now order you to raise your hands above your head for sentencing. 
The Chechen teenager reluctantly complied with the judge's order, slowly lifting
  her hands and arms high above her head as a sign of her submission to the judge's
  will. Karen thought she heard the young woman begin to softly weep aloud. 
As the TV cameras rolled the live audio and video feed via satellite to horny,
  masturbating pay-per-viewers in the far corners of the world, Karen heard the
  English translation through her earpiece. Valerina Karnazloff, it is hereby
  the order of this court that you are now to be stripped naked, your skin shaved
  fully from the neck down, and then, without delay, alternately whipped, strapped,
  and paddled for not less than 30 minutes, after which you will be hanged by
  the neck using a thin steel cable until you are dead. I order that you be turned
  over immediately to American criminal punishment authorities so that your sentence
  can be swiftly carried out. 
The young woman, still with her hands above her head, now wept aloud as tears
  of humiliation and fear rolled freely down her cheeks. The moment the judge
  finished reading the sentence the doors at the back of the small courtroom
  flung open and five American prison guards in off-white jumpsuit-type uniforms
  and matching ball-caps entered the room, quickly replacing the Russians ones
  who immediately turned around goose-stepped out of the room. 
Bill and Karen watched intently as the white uniformed American guards surrounded
  the Chechen girl in a rather tight circle. A somewhat petite, dark-haired female
  guard faced the condemned girl eye-to-eye, then quickly crouched to her knees
  and immediately began to unfasten the condemned's pants and unzip them. The
  judge, warden, and the Schnell's all looked on as guards stripped the slender,
  5-foot-7 foreign girl completely naked. 
The young woman had by this point apparently learned not to disobey judges
  or guards because, despite her tears, she stood with her hands above her head
  as a black male guard unbuttoned her blouse while the petite white female guard
  pulled she her slacks down to her ankles. Within a minute the Chechen girl
  was completely naked, a thick dark bush of hair now clearly visible between
  her legs, cleverly hiding her young pussy. 
As Bill watched the spectacle unfold he was worried that a wet spot would
  form on his pants over where he felt his now bulging cock growing. Karen too
  felt a strange stimulation at seeing another female stripped at the hands of
  strangers. She felt as though she were voyeuristically witnessing a rape from
  a hidden viewpoint. 
Bill knew for sure his hard-on was going to explode the very moment Warden
  Bowden removed her earpiece and leaned over toward he and Karen and whispered They'll
  take her to another room now to get her ready for execution. They're going
  to shave everything from the neck down, give her an enema, and give her a short
  haircut, which is required here for executions. She should be ready in about
  an hour, but in the meantime I'll have my assistant take you down the hall
  to see one of our juvenile offender punishment rooms. I think you'll find in
  interesting. 
Well, I've got to go back to work now, but I'll try to meet with you both
  again in a about two hours, after the execution. Maybe we can have dinner before
  you head back to your hotel this evening. In the meantime, if there is anything
  I can do to make your stay more comfortable, here is my private mobile number the
  warden said as she handed Karen her card. 
Anne Bowden picked up her tiny mobile telephone and called one of her young
  male assistants, instructing him to escort Mr. and Mrs. Schnell to their next
  venue and stay with them for the rest of the afternoon. 
--------------------------- 
Good afternoon, I'm Jason said the carrot-haired administrative intern as
  he extended his hand. The fresh-faced graduate student, who looked younger
  than his 23 years, immediately caught Mrs. Schnell's attention. The portly
  housewife promptly stood up and responded to the young man's handshake with
  a broad smile as she thought to herself damn, he's cute! 
Bill, who had only moments before witnessed the naked young Chechen girl being
  carried crying from the courtroom, awkwardly tried to remain seated while shaking
  the intern's hand, all in a vain attempt to hide the bulging erection in his
  pants. 
After Jason introduced himself he went on to explained to the Schnell's that
  he had graduated with a bachelor's degree in Penile Science the year before,
  and he was very much enjoying this his first year of a two-year internship
  in prison administration. Warden Anne Bowden is a well known authority within
  the federal penile system, and it's quite an honor for me to intern under her Jason
  told Bill and Karen with sincere pride. 
These past eight months he had relished his internship under the supervision
  of the authoritarian female warden. Jason explained to the Schnell's that his
  internship would ultimately lead to him receiving a master's degree in Judicial
  Punishment Administration. He explained that in order to receive the advanced
  degree, all candidates were required to intern one year each at both the male
  and female facilities. Jason added that he especially enjoyed giving tours
  of the facility to VIP guests such as the Schnell's. 
I'm proud of what we do here boasted the youthful redhead. We're making
  society more secure for everyone he beamed. Karen Schnell beamed back, hanging
  on the young man's every word as Jason escorted her and Bill down the hallway. 
Jason stopped halfway down the hall and asked the couple to step inside a
  rather large viewing booth which had a large one-way mirror covering one wall. 
Once all three were inside the booth, Jason closed the door and pressed a
  button. The booth darkened immediately, revealing what looked like an almost
  empty, oversized living room on the other side of the glass. The room was sparely
  furnished with a single sofa and a small, leather-upholstered piece of furniture
  Karen could not identify. 
This room is where children under age thirteen receive spankings Jason told
  them as the Schnell's voyeurly gazed into the adjoining room. Studies show
  that when children receive firm corporal correction, administered with love,
  their chances of being involved in criminal activity as adults is greatly reduced.
  What takes place here in this room helps build a safer future for us all he
  prognosticated. 
But I must admit, it is one of the more controversial venues here at the
  facility. It's also the only place in this female facility where a male can
  legally be punished. That's because the government thought it would be too
  harsh to send boys under age thirteen over to the male facility for spanking.
  They agreed that it would be better to send the young boys here, where they
  could be accompanied by their moms. It could be risky having young boys and
  their moms walking through the male facility. 
The juvenile offender program is all about instilling a strong respect for
  authority in the mind of at-risk young offenders, especially the boys. As I
  said, the administration of fear and humiliation is the proven key to success
  with the youthful criminal. It's proven to be very effective in preventing
  the young offender from growing up to be an adult offender. 
Jason's pedantic correctional theory lecture ended the moment a door in the
  adjoining room opened. Karen watched with keen curiosity as in walked two heavy-set,
  late-middle-aged, grandmotherly-looking women dressed in homely blue-gray calf-length
  housedresses. Both women wore their peppered gray hair pulled back tight in
  a bun. One carried an old brown leather belt in her right hand. The other woman
  held the hand of a frightened 10-year-old boy as she led him into the room. 
Walking in behind the trio were three other females; a uniformed guard, the
  clearly anxious mother of the boy, and a prison secretary carrying a clipboard.
  Neither the boy nor any of the five females with him was aware of the three
  witnesses behind the glass. 
The matronly woman holding the strap instructed the mother to sit on the sofa
  facing the center of the room. The female guard seated herself next to the
  mother. The matronly woman then turned and ordered the boy to stand on a red
  dot on the floor in the middle of the room and face the sofa. Once he had complied
  the old woman then ordered the boy to place his hands atop his head. 
As he reluctantly but obediently lifted his arms, the other older woman slowly
  bent down to kneel behind the ten-year-old as he faced the two women on the
  sofa. The secretary stood behind the sofa taking notes of everything that transpired. 
Without comment the old woman kneeling behind the boy reached around and slid
  her fingers under his waistband, buttoned the boy's pants, unzipped them fully,
  and pulled them down to his ankles. As she did, the other old woman knelt down
  and untied the boy's shoes. She pulled his shoes, socks, and trousers off his
  feet as woman behind him now pulled his shirt off over his upraised arms. 
Once the boy was stripped down to his underwear the older woman in the front
  stood up and stepped away. The boy had let his arms drop to his side at this
  point. The matronly woman still kneeling behind him methodically slid her two
  index fingers under the waistband at each side of his briefs. She then paused
  briefly and ordered the boy to put both of arms all the way up in the air again,
  this time pointing his fingers at the ceiling. The ten-year-old obediently
  stood in the surrender posture as the crouching matron slowly pulled his underwear
  down to his ankles while the other four adult women looked on. 
With his arms still above his head the boy was ordered to step out of the
  underpants and stand with his legs apart. As he complied the other old woman
  knelt back down in front of the youngster and began to examine his genitals
  while the old woman to the rear spread his cheeks and carefully examined his
  anus. 
The old woman keeling in front of the boy reached forward and cupped his balls
  with one hand as she gently lifted his penis with the other. As she carefully
  examined the boys privates she spoke aloud to the secretary note that the
  male offender is circumcised and the genitalia show no signs of swelling, whip
  marks, or other signs of prior corporal punishment. 
Once the boy had been thoroughly humiliated before a room full of adult women,
  the two stern matrons quickly grabbed his arms and bent him over a child-size
  leather-covered whipping horse, strapping his wrists to one side of the contraption
  and his legs and ankles to the other. In this manner the boy was bent over
  the horse with his bare rear high in the air. A waist strap was added to reduce
  wiggle, and high-thigh straps secured the young white bottom with his cheeks
  slightly apart. 
Once the boy was firmly strapped down into position in front of the five women,
  the late middle aged matron wasted no time in raising the belt against his
  bare buttock, applying her full force. The boy screamed, wailed, and cried
  as he fought in vain against the tight restraints. After the 14 th stroke of
  the belt across his bare butt the 10-year-old boy released his bladder. As
  Karen and the other women watched urine stream from his little penis, the matron
  never let up on the strokes. 
Mama please the boy pleaded and screamed to his now tearful mother as the
  older woman's rapid-fire belt strokes now passed the 25 count. Jason looked
  down at his watch and said we must be going or we will miss the preliminaries
  to the Russian woman's execution. 
With that the trio exited the booth. As Karen stepped into the hallway she
  glanced back for one last look at the hysterically crying boy's severely welted
  bottom. 
Despite that the witness gallery was full, the gymnasium-style execution chamber
  was eerily dark and silent. The only lighting was provided by two overhead
  spotlights which illuminated a single area of gray concrete floor several meters
  in front of the stadium-like seats. Jason slowly escorted Bill and Karen into
  the darkened theater and silently motioned for them to take a seat next to
  him in the tightly packed bleachers. 
Once her eyes adjusted to the darkness, Karen noticed that the bleachers were
  filled with several hundred other witnesses waiting in silence. She was unaware
  that many of the other witnesses were middle-aged couples just like her and
  Bill. Most of the other couples, however, had paid thirty-five thousand euros
  for a package tour' which included the privilege of not only seeing live what
  was about to unfold here at the female facility, but also included witnessing
  the live castration and execution of a convicted rapist or child killer at
  the male facility. It was a booming business for the American correctional
  industry. Crime really did pay, and for the first time in a century the balance
  of trade was swinging the other way, thanks to this newfound cash cow. 
Karen could only make out the dark outlines of the backs of the many heads
  in front of her. In the near pitch-darkness she reached down and gently rested
  her left hand on Bill's right thigh, allowing her fingertips to gently rest
  on his still semi-firm erection. 
The gallery of witnesses collectively tensed up as the large double doors
  swing open at the opposite end of the execution chamber. Several throats cleared
  spontaneously, echoing through the death chamber. 
Karen, Bill, and Jason stared intently as seven uniformed male prison guards
  carried the condemned young Chechen girl into the death chamber. At first glance
  Bill thought she was being carried into the chamber on a stretcher. She was
  actually secured spread-eagled to two separate steel spreader bars, one securing
  her arms apart and the other holding her legs equally apart. The guards carried
  the girl into the chamber by holding the spreader bars, using them as handles.
  They positioned the condemned teenager under the spotlight, and as they did
  Bill's heart raced as he got a clear glimpse be cleaned the girl's spread legs,
  now revealing her recently clean shaved labia and mons venus. The terrified
  teen had been fitted with a ball gag with a large hole in it. This permitted
  her to admit garbled screams without spitting on, or biting, the executioners. 
As Karen gazed down on the stripped, spread-eagled young woman in the spotlight,
  her fingertips lightly palpated her husband's swollen penis as she felt it
  turn rigid. The thought that the unfolding scene in front of her excited her
  husband made her own pussy drip. Anticipation, Karen thought is the best
  part of sex. Clearly, the best was yet to come. 
In the preceding hour the condemned teenager from Russia had been strapped
  down spread eagle on a special X-shaped preparation table, after which her
  dark, bushy pussy hair was completely shaved off, she was administered several
  deep cleansing enemas, and her bladder emptied by urethral catheter. This was
  all done in the presence of a dozen prison employees. After her underarms,
  legs, and pubic area had been shaved, the girl was hand washed and towel dried
  by female prep technicians who, as a final touch, cut off her long black hair
  indiscriminately at about 2 cm length, giving her a somewhat boyish appearance. 
Once the cleansing and shaving process was complete, Dr. Wexler's nurse administered
  two injections into the girl's buttocks. One shot was designed to prevent her
  from losing consciousness under torture; the other prevented nausea. 
As the guards positioned the condemned under the illuminating spotlights,
  two steel cables slowly lowered out of the darkness from the ceiling above.
  The guards promptly attached the small eye-loops at the ends of the cables
  to attachment points on the ankle spreader bar. The girl was then hoisted upside
  down, facing the witnesses with her arms still attached to the other spreader
  bar. The guards then attached small weights to the lower spreader bar to keep
  her from swaying too much. An unseen television camera beamed the teenager's
  nude image worldwide on the most popular pay-per-view channel in the world,
  TEC: The Execution Channel. 
Bill and Jason both heard Karen let out a faint gasp the moment a large muscular
  black male, the whipmaster, walked under the lights carrying a leather belt
  in his right hand. The bare-chested prison employee was adorned in black leather
  pants and a black leather face mask. Karen's heart raced with anticipation
  as he stood motionless for several moments in front of the condemned girl. 
Gazing up at the frightening-looking, belt-in-hand African, the condemned
  girl's eyes welled with tears and her head began to shake slightly as the gag
  muffled her sobbing. She hung upside down, her outstretched arms almost touching
  the floor. Her white spread and shaved sweaty body glistening under hot stage
  lights in contrast with the dark whipmaster. Her brightly illuminated feminine
  form directly faced the first row of witnesses who sat just 5 meters away. 
Karen's fingertips felt Bill's manhood grow even firmer as he witnessed a
  display the likes of which he had never seen. He stared intently as the girl's
  wide, terror-filled eyes darted around the room as her nipples raised and lowered
  with each heaving breath. 
Dressed in a blue business suit, a Russian government representative approached
  the illuminated area and addressed the condemned female prisoner in her native
  tongue. An English translation soon echoed through the chamber. 
&quot;Following the completion of the punitive punishment procedures, you
  shall be hanged until you are unconscious, after which your internal organs
  will be immediately harvested for transplantation. May God have mercy on your
  soul. 
So that's the rub Bill thought to himself, Don't waste anything. Indeed,
  a steady supply of young, fresh transplant organs did in fact reap a fortune
  on the international market. Little did Bill know that the private jets of
  the world's elite transplant surgeons waited on the tarmac nearby. Not missing
  a beat to make a dollar, the prison system even charged the small aircraft parking
  fees while they waited in line for their selected purchases. Many of the receptive
  patients were already being prepped for transplant surgery before the convicted donors were
  dead. 
With a nod from the Russian, the whipmaster began to earn his pay as the first
  crisp crack of his belt snapped across the teenager's butt, causing the girl
  to reflexively tighten up, and raising hair on the necks of first-time witnesses
  such as the Schnell's. 
He's just warming up whispered Jason as the third stroke elicited an extremely
  distressful crying sound through the hole in the ball gag. The crying sound
  eventually gave way to a whistling scream as the girl hyperventilated through
  the gag's hole while saliva drooled out of the gag-hole and onto her short
  dark hair . 
The fine hairs on Karen's arms raised like a cat's as she heard belt stroke
  after belt stroke crack through the air, blistering the tight, white bottom
  and turning it bright red. The condemned girl attempted in vain to scream and
  plead through the gag. After about forty stokes across the buttocks the whipmaster
  moved, to the shutter of the many women in the audience, to the girl's smooth
  feminine lips. Through the gag's air hole witnesses heard the unintelligible
  language of horror as the belt snapped against the young pussy. 
As Valerina bucked violently, screaming through her ball gag, as a small amount
  of urine momentarily sprayed up from her urethra. Her young face contorted
  and her eyes rolled up into her head as her tender pussy lips were relentlessly
  strapped hard by the muscular African. Firm, deliberate strokes of the strap
  had blistered the feminine lips raw by the time the whipmaster moved to her
  stretched-flat breasts. 
The youthful tits were repeatedly strapped so hard Karen thought the nipples
  surely were about to be belt-slapped right off the girl's chest. There was
  no let up in her unimaginable howling. 
When then whipmaster walked off into the darkness, Bill, his swollen dick
  dripping with pre-cum, thought the whipmaster was surely taking a short break.
  To his surprise he returned a moment later with a short bullwhip in hand. He
  wasted no time in quickly proceeding to leave no stone unturned as he worked
  the screaming girl from top to bottom with the whip. 
The girl shook and twisted against the spreader bars with all the strength
  she had remaining as the African proceeded to whip her already strap-reddened
  buttocks, leaving striped welts across her full bare bottom. Once he had laid
  twenty whip strokes across her butt, he moved the lash to between the girl's
  legs and whipped her young clitoris and inner lips with repeated full strokes. 
As the whipmaster stepped back into the darkness, guards unhooked the young
  woman from the spreader bars and carried her to beneath a looped steel cable
  which had slowly lowered from the darkened ceiling into the lighted area. 
The guards held the girl upright while her wrists were handcuffed behind her
  and the gag was removed from her mouth. As it was removed she moaned aloud
  in a continuous, rolling sob. One would have thought that death would come
  as a relief, but the girl struggled as they slipped the shiny steel noose over
  her head. The gallery of witnesses remained stone silent. 
Her actual hanging seemed anticlimactic, given the prolonged tortuous punitive
  punishment of the belt and whip. Aside from her face, hands, and feet, not
  one area was left unmarked by the belt or whip. As the cable rose slowly it
  lifted her feet just inches off the concrete floor and stopped. Her handcuffed
  wrists struggled behind her as another small stream of urine trickled from
  her crack and ran down her leg. 
The room remained totally silent. In less than two minutes Dr. Wexler entered
  the death chamber accompanied by three assistants pushing a gurney. Wexler
  stood next to the hanging female and placed a stethoscope next to her left
  nipple and listened. She was unconscious by still had a heartbeat. With a nod
  from Wexler the guards lowered the noose and helped the assistants place her
  face up on the gurney. 
We can go watch the harvesting now if you'd like Jason whispered as the
  girl was wheeled from the stage. 
Harvesting? Bill responded. 
Yes, they're going to remove her vital organs over in the autopsy area. Do
  you think you and Karen are up to it? 
Bill and Karen glanced at one another in moment of silence, then Karen responded
  with an approving nod, adding Yes, we'd like to see it, uh, for just a moment,
  but, but just a glance OK? I don't know if I'm. 
I understand Jason said cutting her off. 
----------------------------- 
The institutional looking sign leading into the large, white-tiled room simply
  said Autopsy / Organ Harvest. Not knowing what to expect, both Bill and Karen's
  hearts raced with anxiety as Jason led them, now donned in green surgical gowns
  complete with booties, gloves, and shower caps, into the large room. At first
  glance it reminded Bill of an operating room theater he had seem on television.
  Karen, who, unlike Bill, had spent some time in a hospital delivery room, was
  first struck by the cool temperature of the room. 
The automatic double doors lead into an anteroom. It wasn't until Karen turned
  and looked to her left that the full impact of the room's activity struck her.
  There, just five meters in front of her, three totally nude, freshly executed
  female cadavers hung by their ankles. 
The three women hung from steel meat hooks in their ankles which were positioned
  so their legs were spread apart. Neck rope burns indicated that the trio had
  been hanged or garroted. Each of the three women were of different ages and
  body types. All three had been totally shaved before their execution, except
  for their head hair, which was cropped short. Their lifeless arms dangled toward
  a large stainless steel drain in the floor below them. 
Bill could feel his face flush with embarrassment at the strange realization
  that his erection was once again growing at the sight of the three nude cadavers.
  The scene was surreal. Across the room in the distance behind the three females
  he could see a fourth nude female body as it was being hoisted up by its ankles
  in the frigid room. It was the Russian girl. 
As the couple stared at the scene before them in disbelief, Dr. Wexler approached
  them. Jason politely introduced Dr. Wexler to the Schnell's and inquired if
  there was any objection to them witnessing an organ harvest. 
Not at all said Wexler. If you feel nauseous, there's a washroom over there. His
  gesture implied more a concern for surgical sterility than empathy for the
  ill. 
And don't hesitate to leave if you get uncomfortable Wexler added. I understand.
  All I ask is that you keep your surgical scrub outfits on as long as you are
  in this room. We want to keep the risk of bacterial contamination of our transplant
  organs to a minimum. 
Of the three nude female cadavers hanging by their ankles in a row together,
  two appeared to be women in their early thirties, both of medium build. One
  of those two was quite short, about five feet tall, with dark hair. The other
  was about 5'9 tall with light flax-colored hair. They both appeared to have
  been rather attractive women. One, the shorter of the two, had a cesarean scar.
  The blond had undergone breast augmentation as she had obvious implants. 
The third female was older and rather matronly looking. She was probably in
  her mid-to-late forties. Her short cropped hair was heavily peppered with gray.
  She was overweight, and her large, triple-D tits now hung inverted near her
  shoulders. None of the three showed any signs of punitive punishment, such
  as whip marks, as the Russian girl did. None had been dead for more than 20
  minutes. 
Wexler turned his back to the trio of visitors and began to go to work. Jason
  whispered to Bill and Karen that the female reproductive organs were usually
  harvested first. Wexler stepped up to the short, dark-haired cadaver. Talking
  descriptively as he worked, Wexler used an electric laser scalpel to quickly
  excise around the young woman's vulva, careful not to detach it from the vagina.
  He then opened the cadaver from the pubic mound down to the navel as assistants
  to either side held the lower abdomen open. With quick surgical skill he detached
  the ovaries and uterus and pulled them out from the abdomen still attached
  to the shaved vulva lips. 
After handing the petite woman's entire reproductive set to an assistant who
  immediately carried from the room, Wexler quickly moved to the taller blond
  and began to repeat the strange harvest, proficiently removing the internal
  vagina and external pussy in one piece. 
Jason whispered to Bill and Karen, inquiring if they were all right. They
  both nodded affirmatively. Jason then quietly explained that the older female
  would not have her uterus removed, only her vagina and its external components. It
  can't be used in a fertility transplant he said quietly, but someone will
  surely want it for a sex change operation. Someone, somewhere, will want her
  large breasts too. I have no idea what for, but they certainly are a marketable
  novelty item when there're that big. 
Bill and Karen stared with amazement as Wexler quickly moved the laser with
  precision to cut all the way around the fat woman's vaginal lips. Within moments
  he placed her vagina into a stainless steel pan held up by a female assistant
  and then turned and bent over to grab the large woman's breasts. He gripped
  one tit firmly by the nipple and pulled it out from the body as the laser cut
  the breast away from the torso. 
By the time Bill and Karen left the organ harvest room, all four of the females
  there, including the Chechen girl, had had their front organ cavity panels
  completely cut off and carefully emptied. Within minutes the waiting jet aircraft
  were taking off to the four corners of the globe with their precious cargo
  of transplant organs. All that was left were four now sexless, eviscerated
  cadavers. 
Execution of the Terrorist Housewives by Jill Crokett 
Chapter Nine, False pregnancy 
-------------------------- 
The 16-year-old let out a loud cry as Dr. Wexler forced the wide-gauged needle
  deep into the firm muscle tissue of her young, virgin uterus. Laying strapped
  into the stirrups, her heels turned bottom-up and pointed toward opposing corners
  of the room, Diane Howell's teenage daughter was still covered with belt marks
  from the severe whipping she had received several days earlier. Tracy continued
  to weep as Wexler methodically explained what was going to happen to her over
  the next 18 hours. 
By this time tomorrow Tracy, you'll be a woman. You'll have fully experienced
  the procedure which separates girls from women, brides from mothers. Once the
  false pregnancy football' inside you has swelled to its full size, the nurses
  are going to strap you down to a delivery room table and, as several hundred
  witnesses watch, you'll give birth to something as wide as both of my fists 
The doctor gestured by holding up his fists clenched together in a ball. Tracy
  continued to cry softly as she stared at Wexler between her spread legs. 
And being a virgin, Tracy, I can tell you that it's going to be an extremely
  uncomfortable experience. I've never performed the false pregnancy procedure
  on a virgin before, but I imagine it'll be quite painful. 
To help with the delivery, I'm going to insist that my nurses make sure you're
  strapped down with your legs spread as high and as wide as possible, and I'll
  probably have to do an episiotomy to get that damn thing out of you. 
An, an epee what? Tracy asked through her tears. 
Wexler never answered the sobbing girl, but simply turned and walked from
  the room through the automatic doors. 
--------------------------- 
Sara Stahler was still suffering the effects of the severe whipping she had
  received less than 48 hours earlier when Dr. Wexler guided the huge syringe
  needle between her spread labia and slowly inserted it through the tiny hole
  of her cervix and deep into her muscular womb. Sara cried softly but would
  not look Wexler in the eye as he performed a procedure. He did not speak to
  Sara, as he had done when performing the procedure on Diane and her daughter
  Tracy. Wexler had no interest and taunting the beautiful, short-haired blonde,
  as he had had his fill of her earlier in the week when he had repeatedly raped
  her tight virgin asshole. For Sara Stahler the procedure was just yet another
  deep stroke of the continuous a rape she felt her life had been since being
  sentenced days earlier. 
Over the next 18 hours Diane, Tracy and Sara experienced unbelievable agony,
  each in her private prison cell, as their uteruses rapidly swelled, expanding
  their pelvises near the bursting point. Diane was slowly pacing in her cell
  in frank labor pain when the guards came to get her. They were shocked at what
  they saw; a mature, totally naked woman in her early 40's with a hugely swollen
  abdomen, her belly button now popping slightly outward. 
The guards handcuffed her and led Diane down the long corridor to her awaiting
  delivery. They would first make a stop at a gynecological prep room where she
  would again be shaved and given a series of enemas. Escorting her down the
  hall drew even more attention then before, as prison employees and other prisoners
  gawked at the uniformed guards escorting the handcuffed, mature, nine-month
  pregnant shaved female to her next fate. 
Diane Howell was the first of the three women led into the procedure theater.
  Unlike before, the lights in the entire theater, including the witness gallery,
  were all up this time, allowing Diane to get a good view of the two hundred
  or so witnesses who are about to witness the delivery of her false pregnancy. 
The witnesses watched in amazement as a group of uniformed guards slowly escorted
  this mature but very pregnant, completely nude woman into the theater. After
  she entered her arms were uncuffed as she stood facing the gallery. Diane could
  see the three unusual looking obstetrical tables queued up in a row directly
  in front of the witnesses. She could tell they weren't traditional OB tables,
  but had unusual leg restraint stirrups at the head end of them. With one glance
  her instantly knew the extreme position into which she was about to be placed.
  She surmised that one of the other two tables would be occupied by her own
  daughter, whom she had not seen since they both had been whipped in the same
  punishment theater several days earlier. 
Before Diane was strapped down spread open wide to the delivery table, the
  guards momentarily kept her standing in front of the witnesses. The entire
  gallery stared at her ready-to-pop pregnant belly and the shaved feminine crack
  just below it. From the gallery Bill Schnell gazed at the helpless condemned
  female. His wife Karen wondered if the sight turned her husband on. In the
  now lighted witness gallery she did not dare touch his crotch as she had done
  the day before. 
The 42-year-old condemned mother hung her head in total humiliation before
  the witnesses as she stood facing them, her pregnant belly full, as guards
  adjusted the multiple restraint straps on the modified OB table. Diane's freshly
  shaved pubic mound glistened as she stood in front of the crowd of men and
  women whom she had never seen before. As they stared back, the female witnesses
  gazed at her cesarean scar from the delivery of her daughter 16 years earlier.
  The men stared at her slick, puffy pussy lips which were are about to deliver
  a foreign object. Up to this point in her life, because she had previously
  delivered by cesarean section, nothing had passed between Diane's labia larger
  than an erect penis. 
Before Diane had arrived in the theater, Wexler had instructed the gallery
  as to the proceedings they were about to witness. He briefly but carefully
  explained that Diane, Tracy and Sara would each expel from their uterus, through
  their vagina, something the size of an American football. After he spoke, each
  of the witnesses had then been offered a pair of earplugs. Most had accepted. 
Wexler had explained that the three women would be brought in one at a time,
  strapped down, and then all three would, at the same time, be rapidly induced
  into labor with the injection of a high dose of uterine-contracting hormone.
  For the comfort of the witnesses, he said he would try to speed up the delivery
  time to not more than 30 to 40 minutes. Wexler had explained that 400 times
  the normal dose of the drug would be used, producing a rapid onset of full
  labor the moment the condemned woman was injected. He had explained that the
  condemned females would each experience extreme pain unlike and they had felt
  before. Anti-nausea drugs and drugs to counteract unconsciousness would be
  used to keep them in the present moment throughout the ordeal, Wexler sadistically
  quipped. 
Four guards grabbed Diane Howell tightly by each extremity and quickly laid
  her on her back with her wide buttock cheeks extending off the end of the short
  table. The guards proceeded to strap her down with her arms out crucifixion-like
  onto rigid IV boards which extended perpendicular from each side of the OB
  table. 
Each arm was strapped firmly to one of the boards projecting out to either
  side of her. A single strapped was tightened across her chest up under her
  large pendulous breasts. Two other straps were positioned to tightly hold down
  each shoulder. With her upper torso firmly restrained, nurses then inserted
  IV needles into each of Diane's arms and hooked thin clear plastic tubes to
  each needle. These tubes would carry the drugs which would rapidly induced
  labor. 
Once Diane's shoulders and arms were securely strapped down crucifixion like,
  the guards holding her legs at the ankles now drew her knees all the way up
  to her chest and spread them open, widely exposing her inner labial folds to
  the audience. They then strapped her knees securely to a set of heavy metal
  brackets which for protruded from the sides of the table and either side of
  her chest. 
This position allowed her knees to be flexed at a ninety degree angle, with
  the soles of her feet facing upwards toward the ceiling. Another black steel
  T-shaped bracket was then swung into position over her head and her ankles
  were securely cuffed to it. Diane was now completely immobile. It had taken
  a good10 minutes to get her totally secured in the special modified delivery
  position. 
The males in the crowd had watched with fascination as several OB nurses directed
  the guards in a mini-lesson of medical/surgical positioning with clinical precision.
  Diane's fully pregnant abdomen now formed a huge swollen mound at the center
  of the table, framed by her up-spread thighs. Her shaved pussy hung off one
  end of the table, spread so wide that some witnesses were afforded a clear
  shot view of her cervix. 
Although Diane could not see them, she did hear the automatic doors open as
  her 16-year-old daughter Tracy was led completely naked into the room. Tracy
  and also just been shaved again, and, like her mother and Sara, had been administered
  an enema. Also like the other two females, she had not been allowed to eat
  or drink in the past 8 hours. 
As Tracy was led into the room she caught a glimpse of her mom strapped down
  onto the strange table and began to cry. Once Diane heard her she also began
  to cry but said nothing. 
The young, now nine-months pregnant teenager, not being as nearly as heavy
  as her mom, was strapped down in a slightly different position. Tracy's knees
  were strapped slightly closer to her torso, with her knees actually touching
  her underarms. Tracy's more flexible legs, thighs, and pelvis allowed her ankles
  to be fastened to a smaller, narrower metal bracket positioned above her head. 
Once Diane and Tracy were securely strapped down to the modified obstetrical
  procedure tables, Sara Stahler was escorted in and stood before the gallery
  of witnesses. As she was escorted in, several male witnesses cleared their
  throats. It was very clear to everyone that this third very pregnant woman
  was strikingly beautiful, despite the fact that her body was still covered
  with whip marks. Sara was no doubt even more beautiful pregnant. Wexler had
  not mentioned that she was the only one of the three condemned females who
  had actually given birth vaginally. 
Sara, being athletic and flexible, was also firmly strapped down in the same
  position as Tracy, with her knees tucked up under her underarms and her feet
  just over her head, her ankles slightly closer together than her knees. The
  knees and ankles were secured to matt-black-colored brackets fashioned from
  box-shaped tubular steel. In this position both Tracy and Sara's labial lips
  seemed to pout upward, whereas Diane's appeared more wide-open. Either way,
  the site of three pregnant condemned females with their shaved pussies spread
  wide before them surely aroused every straight male in the witness gallery. 
Karen Schnell felt just a touch jealous, as she knew her husband would find
  the pregnant Sara, and possibly the other killers of her son, extremely attractive.
  She knew that Bill must surely be excited at the site of three women submissively
  positioned before him in such a vulnerable manner. But it was more insecurity
  than jealousy, for Karen certainly could not be jealous of anyone about to
  go through what Sara and the others were about to endure. 
As the three condemned, belly-swollen women, moaned and wiggled against their
  extremely uncomfortable restraints, Warden Bowden stepped onto the floor of
  the punishment theater and began to speak. Karen Schnell could not hear her;
  her mind drifted elsewhere. 
As Karen stared at the three females prepped and spread open before the gallery
  of witnesses, she thought of herself laying on a delivery table, her legs strapped
  into the high, wide obstetrical stirrups. Her mind had drifted to the delivery
  of her own lost son 10 years earlier. Karen remembered being shaved bare for
  her doctor, she remembered her legs being spread so wide as to expose her pussy
  to nearly every angle of the room. She remember the two handsome young medical
  students who stood and watched the birth, as she had delivered her son in a
  teaching hospital. She remembered the pain. She remembered the powerful drugs
  she had been given to abate the pain; a benefit she hoped Diane, Tracy, and
  Sara would not receive. 
Warden Bowden entered the theatre and publicly read the three condemned women
  a review of their punitive sentence. She then turned and briefly addressed
  the witnesses, thanking them for their service. The moment Bowden finished
  speaking, Dr. Wexler gave a signal to one of his nurses, and the powerful hormone-based
  drug immediately began to pump into the clear plastic IV tubes. 
Within three minutes Diane Howell, her daughter Tracy, and Sara Stahler were
  each moaning deeply and sweating heavily. As heavy labor rapidly commenced
  Dr. Wexler began walking from one spread pelvis to another, inspecting for
  changes in cervix dilation. Within minutes he announced that each female's
  cervix was dilated 4 cm. 
Within 10 minutes all three women were screaming, crying and pleading for
  mercy at the top of their lungs. The rapid contractions were now just seconds
  apart as young Tracy began begging Dr. Wexler to stop the process. Sara, who
  was no better off, dripped with sweat and cried aloud like a little girl as
  she struggled in vain against the ankle straps which painfully held her feet
  up next to her head. 
At 15 minutes an inanimate object began to crown between the edges of Diane's
  now stretched-thin pussy lips. Wexler signaled for his nurse to increase the
  hormone injection level on the other two females. As she did, Sara and Tracy
  each began to scream uncontrollably from the pain in an uncoordinated litany
  of horror as extreme uterine contractions ripped through their pelvises. 
When Dr. Wexler's nurse handed him the two disarticulated, slightly spoon-shaped
  blades of the obstetrical forceps, few male members of the audience had any
  idea what the obstetrician/gynecologist was going to do with them. By contrast,
  many women in the gallery knew all too well that the OB/GYN was about to slide
  the flattened, oversized salad tongs deep into Diane Howell's vagina, working
  the obstetrical instrument deep into her intimate feminine folds. 
Diane let out a deep cry of helplessness as Wexler wiggled and forced, one
  at a time, each of the two curved blades of the forceps deep into her vagina
  and interlocked them together around the football-shaped rubbery object. Placing
  one of his heels firmly against the base of the delivery table, Wexler leaned
  back away from Diane's pussy and pulled hard as she wailed at the top of her
  lungs in agony. Fine hairs stood up on the arms of every witness as the middle
  aged mom begged with unintelligible statements, her face distorting in horror. 
As if fighting against the woman's deafening shrieking, on the third hard
  tug Wexler yanked the huge dense spongy object out from between Diane Howell's
  legs as blood dribbled onto the concrete floor. 
Nurses bandaged Diane's pussy just before the guards unhooked her legs and
  lifted her exhausted, limp body onto an awaiting gurney. As she was wheeled
  from the theater Wexler turned his attentions to the youngest of the three
  females. 
The audience now sat on a edge as Wexler regloved and had his nurse spread
  a small amount of clear lubricant over his fingers and fist. The condemned
  teen screamed for mercy and thrashed against the restraints as Wexler began
  to work for fingers into the virginal vagina. 
Nnnoooo Tracey screamed, Pleeez, no doc-turrrr, her voice trailing off
  to a soft weep as she looked down between her legs and saw Wexler began to
  work his entire fist deep into her vagina. Despite the lubrication and his
  forceful pressure, Dr. Wexler was only able to work his fist halfway into the
  girl's shaved pussy. There's no way of getting around the episiotomy he thought. 
Young Tracey was now in the full throws of heavy labor. Each extremely forceful
  contraction racked her slender body with even more intensity. As Karen Schnell
  watched Tracy's predicament, she sympathetically sweated along with the girl
  as Dr. Wexler readied his surgical instruments to perform an episiotomy . 
Holding a pair of shiny, downward-pointing surgical scissors in his hand,
  Dr. Wexler stepped toward Tracy's shaved virgin pussy. For this episiotomy
  there would be no injection of numbing Xylocaine or other anesthetic measure.
  Wexler would simply insert the scissors into the lower opening of the Tracy's
  vagina and with one firm motion slice completely through the perineal tissue
  between the girl's vagina and anus, all in an attempt to facilitate the football's
  expulsion. 
The shriek was as high pitched as any Bill Schnell had ever heard a human
  being make. Having made the cut just below the lower apex of Tracy's pussy
  lips, Dr. Wexler began to work the forceps blades, one at a time, deep into
  the tight inner walls of her virgin orifice. 
Once both of the slightly spoon-shaped blades were completely inside the crying
  girl's vagina, Bill thought how unusual it looked to see two chrome handles
  sticking out of her clean-shaved pussy with her thighs pulled far back and
  spread apart. 
Wexler then locked the two forceps blades together at their attachment point,
  gripping them around the body of the spongy football. Tracy moaned and cried
  even louder than her mother had as Wexler worked and tugged with the strange
  obstetrical tool in an attempt to bring the huge fake fetus down through the
  girl's vagina. 
No God, please God, please dear God, I'll do anything, anything you ask,
  I'll suck you all, I'll do anything you want, you can all rape me, you can
  fuck my ass, please oh God please no don't do this to me, I'll lick you ass
  doctor, PLEEESE Tracy pleaded and screamed as Wexler, aided by a nurse, yanked
  the football from the tight vagina which had previously held nothing larger
  than a tampon. 
Dr. Wexler quickly sewed up Tracy's episiotomy sans anesthesia before her
  pussy was bandaged and she was unstrapped and wheeled from the room on a gurney.
  The pain of Dr. Wexler's crescent-moon-shaped sewing needle was pale compared
  to what she had just been through. 
As Tracy was being unstrapped, the sadistic Wexler moved on to Sara, who was
  now moaning with the deep contractions of late stage labor. Wexler bent over
  to look up her cunt-hole, then quickly stood up straight and put two fingers
  deep into her vagina to check her level of cervical dilation. 
After withdrawing his fingers from Sara's pussy, Dr. Wexler turned and addressed
  the gallery, briefly explaining to them that since Sara had already given birth
  vaginally once before, he would not use forceps, but would simply increase
  the labor inducing drug and let things occur naturally. 
As sympathetic as this may sound, to do this to Sara would actually in fact
  make her delivery more unbearable than Tracy's and Diana's had been. Wexler
  turned and nodded to a nurse, who immediately increased the flow from the IV
  so that more of the hormone based drug flowed into her veins. 
Almost immediately Sara began to gnash her teeth and scream as ultra-strong,
  violent uterine contractions rippled through her torso as she laid spread out
  and strapped down before the gallery. She seemed to almost speak in tongues
  as she began cursing Wexler and the gallery of witnesses. Sara screamed and
  pleaded to God to save her as, before their eyes, the witnesses watched the
  football-like object appear in full view between her legs. 
Sara's vulva were now stretched tightly thin and spread in a wide, near-perfect
  circle measuring nearly 12 centimeters across. Watching the sweat covered Sara,
  most of the men in the audience wonder just how much size a human pussy was
  actually able to take, seeing as how this one was stretched out as if it were
  being fucked by two fists at the same time. 
When the football dropped onto the floor, the gallery of witnesses may have
  thought that Sara Stahler's ordeal was over for the day, but that notion was
  immediately put to rest has a huge, African, stripped-to-the-waist, black-leather-
  pants-wearing whipmaster walked onto the execution chamber floor. 
Without any prompting from Dr. Wexler, and without any further announcements
  to the witnesses, the nurses stretched a tight, heavy gauge surgical glove
  over the black whipmaster's right fist and forearm and began lubricating it. 
The whipmaster walked up to Sara and quickly plunged his entire fist as deep
  as he could into her now gaping vagina and without delay began to rapidly fist
  fuck the sweat-covered, screaming mom. As the witnesses watched in disbelief
  the African rammed his huge fist deep into the attractive woman for a good
  10 minutes, completely removing it only to forcefully slam it back in on numerous
  occasions. At this point Sara was speechless, her gaping mouth the only sign
  of her in vain attempt and verbal expression. 
-------------------------------- 
Bill and Karen Schnell held hands and spoke softly during the 90 minute limo
  ride back to their hotel in Las Vegas. It had been a long, emotionally exhausting
  week so far, but also a sexually energizing one full of intensely erotic moments. 
They talked quietly in the back of the darkened, chauffeured car, casually
  chatting about what they had witnessed over the past few days; the reactions
  of the condemned, the reactions of the other witnesses, even the efficiency
  of the facility and its staff. 
As they rode on through the moonlit desert, Karen slid over close to her husband
  and began whispering in his ear as she gently rubbed his cock through his trousers. 
What did you think of the fisting today, Bill she would quiz, followed by What
  did you think when you first saw those three executed females hanging by their
  ankles in the organ harvest room yesterday, Bill? They were hanging there all
  spread and shaved for you honey, weren't they? she smiled and questioned as
  she continued to rub her husband's cock. 
Before each whisper Karen would glance up into the rearview mirror to make
  sure that the limo driver had his eyes on the road. 
While she continued to stroke Bill during the long commute, her conversation
  shifted to her own experience with childbirth. Gently rubbing the head of his
  swollen cock with one finger, Karen leaned up to Bill's ear and whispered that
  she wanted to have another baby, she wanted to be strapped down just like the
  women they had seen today. Her sexy talk made Bill's cock even harder. 
As soon as the door of their darkened hotel room closed, Bill, who was about
  to burst from the hour of cock teasing he had just endured, grabbed his wife
  and kissed her passionately as he simultaneously pulled up her skirt and groped
  her crotch through her old fashioned white cotton panties. Karen pushed him
  away and then quickly began to strip in front of him in the dim light. 
Without a word Bill threw Karen onto her back and spread her legs, roughly
  pulling her knees up to the sides of her chest before sucking wildly on her
  clit as if he were a thirsty man eating a cool, ripe watermelon. She soon reached
  an intense, screaming orgasm. 
Fuck me hard Bill Karen begged as Bill pulled her knees up tight and placed
  the bottom of her feet against his chest before slamming his dripping, thick
  dick deep into her pussy. The muscular contractor pounded with his pelvis as
  hard as he possibly could as he listened to his wife scream not unlike the
  women in labor. 
As her head thrashed from side to side in the torment of her husband's hard
  fucking, Karen was happy, more happy than she had been in years. In just a
  few days she'd watch her son's killers die. 







Execution Of the Terrorist Housewives&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Ten
By Jill Crokett

The headboard rattled rhythmically in the darkened Las Vegas hotel room as Bill Schnell pounded his pelvis against Karen&#8217;s spread thighs, her feet over her head, the soles of which were pressed flat against the headboard as her husband&#8217;s passion grinded away.&nbsp; Bill, sweating against the hum of the air conditioner, wondered if he ever could be sexually satiated after witnessing the triple faux childbirths and their accompanying&nbsp; choral trio of screaming females. 

While fucking his wife as hard as he could, Bill found it hard to believe that they had just witnessed a screaming mother-daughter team essentially being fist-fucked while restrained to some sort of strange rape table. Once he had climaxed inside his wife&#8217;s tight, dripping reproduction vesicle, the two lay there in silence with nothing else to do but sleep and screw until the phone rang, telling them it was time for Diane, Tracy, and Sara to be put to death.

-----------------------------

Inside the male employees handicapped toilet stall at the Women&#8217;s Federal Punishment Center Jason stood with his eyes closed and stroked the head his pre-cum-lubed cock ever so lightly.&nbsp; It only took a few seconds before the university intern squirted the fruits of his overactive prostate gland across the white split-front toilet seat, relieving himself of the pressure that had been building as he witnessed the three false childbirths.&nbsp; Jason had never imagined that he could become so excited, so stimulated, by the screaming of beautiful, sexually tortured women.&nbsp; 

While interning earlier at the Men&#8217;s Facility, Jason, on several occasions, had grown excited while witnessing males being punitively whipped and circumcised, or, in more extreme cases, castrated before being hanged naked.&nbsp; The most notable was the time he witnessed the quadruple torture and execution of a child kidnap-and-murder ring.&nbsp; The condemned men had all met in prison and had carefully planned for their macabre, sadistic entertainment when they got out, and Jason felt no guilt in enjoying their predicament.&nbsp; He had enjoyed their killings so much that he even began to question his heterosexuality, but now that he was experiencing similar rituals at the Female Facility, he had no doubt as to his sexual preference.&nbsp; 

Since coming to the female punishment center, Jason, who was now masturbating to the point of climax at least three times a day, felt constantly horny and in need of sexual release.&nbsp; His outwardly mild-mannered boyish poise and demeanor was a front for the inner breast which raved ceaselessly in his loins.&nbsp; He often wondered if his boss, Warden Bowden, had taken notice as to how many trips he was making to the men&#8217;s room each day.&nbsp; 

Jason tried to inwardly rationalized that his level of sexual stimulation was not unusual for a young male interning in such a provocative setting.&nbsp; After all, he was surrounded daily by female prisoners who were often stripped naked and who were frequently being severely physically punished.&nbsp; He balanced his sexual guilt with the further rationalization that here, in the mid-21st-century, prisons, as places of incarceration, no longer existed, and the only deterrent to contemporary crime were these punitive physical punishments. And if the odd college intern was turned on by them, so be it. After all, the system worked.

Are you ready to call it an evening, Jason? Anne Bowden chirped from behind her sprawling executive desk with an expansive picture window of the desert mountains in the twilight behind her, as the young intern placed a small stack of reports in front of her.

No ma&#8217;am, Warden, I, I thought I&#8217;d go pu, put in some extra time, taking notes for, for my master&#8217;s thesis down in the autopsy-organ-harvest room.

What was it your thesis was on, Jason? Anne Bowden inquired with a slight smirk, already knowing the answer.&nbsp; She just loved to hear the cute young college student say it.

The Macroeconomic Effects of Efficient Condemned Inmate Organ Recycling Jason blurted back with awkward enthusiasm.

The fact was, Jason&#8217;s only other choice for an evening activity was to drive an hour through the desert to sit in his bleak, rented-by-the-week furnished studio apartment, which, in reality, was a nearly-condemned Las Vegas Boulevard motel room infrequently cleaned by the owner&#8217;s cousin from Madras.&nbsp; Jason much preferred to remain in the relative air-conditioned comfort of the Federal Women&#8217;s Punishment Center, walk around after hours as if he owned the place, free to masturbate in a handicapped stall of the employee restroom of his choice.&nbsp; 

Because he had been busy escorting the Schnell&#8217;s off following the false delivery punishments, Jason was aware that he would miss two other executions scheduled late that afternoon.&nbsp; He didn&#8217;t know if the two condemned females were scheduled to be harvested, or, because of known disease or age, were simply scheduled for a quick autopsy and cremation.&nbsp; 

----------------------------------

The cool blast of chilled air hit Jason&#8217;s face the moment the nearly silent automatic doors opened into the large, high-ceilinged, white tiled suite of clinical looking rooms know simply as Autopsy and Organ Harvest.&nbsp; Suited up in the mandatory long aqua green scrub coat with the prerequisite booties, gloves, mask, and head covering, Jason strutted anonymously into the area of death with the confidence of someone quite familiar with the place.&nbsp; The fact was, the staff in the Harvest theatre had all heard about the young man&#8217;s master&#8217;s thesis and was not at all uncomfortable with him making his way about as an observer. Truth be told, the biggest lesson Jason was learning from his thesis was just how intense his fascination with death really was. 

The morgue was empty and silent. Jason assured himself that Dr. Wexler probably took a break in the early evening, then came back to do an autopsy later with the night shift staff.&nbsp; After all, he too, like Jason, really had no other life other than the facility.

The workers must be on their dinner break Jason whispered to himself as he walked through the large, well lit room, navigating past the hanging cables and stainless steel autopsy tables.&nbsp; There was no door separating the morgue from the organ harvest and autopsy area, only a narrowing rectangular archway. Jason passed into the next chamber and gazed at the long wall of cadaver coolers with their refrigerated hatch-like doors.&nbsp; They reminded him of the sides of a giant stainless steel ice cream truck.&nbsp; Behind these small doors lay the bodies of executed women who are not going to have their organs harvested, which generally meant executed prisoners who were too old for organ harvest (40 was usually the cut-off point, no pun intended) or were physically unacceptable due to disease.

Organ harvest was always done fresh.&nbsp; Any cadavers behind these refrigerated doors were awaiting autopsy or cremation.&nbsp; 

Jason walked up to the first morgue cooler door and pulled open the latch.&nbsp; He grabbed the end of the large slab-like roll-out tray and slowly pulled it out the its full length of over six feet.&nbsp; A human form lay draped head to ankle with a long white sheet, with only the tagged toes exposed.&nbsp; Jason&#8217;s gaze lingered up and down the sheet-covered corpse as he wondered what lie beneath the morgue drape.&nbsp; 

Was she young or old? What color was her hair?&nbsp; Had she been punitively punished or had she been given a quick, merciful death?&nbsp; Jason loved to guess.

The graduate student slowly drew the sheet down to the corpse&#8217;s waist, and then on to the knees, gazing up and down at a nude, later-middle-aged female cadaver.&nbsp; He bent closer to study the toe tag for a moment, which revealed the name, age, and date of execution. 

The woman was fifty-three.&nbsp; She was the same age as his mother, and had been dead less than twelve hours.&nbsp; Jason straightened up and studied the full length of the cadaver&#8217;s torso again, this time more carefully. She was modestly overweight. Her dark, slightly silver streaked hair had been roughly chopped off indiscriminately at a length of about one inch.&nbsp; Jason knew that a short haircut was required of most condemned prisoners, male or female.

Jason studied the cadaver&#8217;s large breasts, which in the supine position hung to each side of her chest. The naked tits revealed the faint tan lines of a bikini top. It surprised him for her age. Had she been involved in trafficking drugs as a runner to the Caribbean? he wondered.&nbsp; 

Jason also noticed the clear, distinct marks of a leather belt strap across both breasts, transecting at the nipples. The condemned had suffered at least one type of punitive punishment before she was put to death the intern thought to himself.&nbsp; But what was the cause of death? he wondered.&nbsp; He could see no rope burns or garrote markings around the woman&#8217;s neck.&nbsp; Jason guessed that she had been suffocated with plastic wrap circled tightly over the face and head. The method rarely left marks.

Jason&#8217;s gaze roamed downward.&nbsp; He noticed that the woman&#8217;s wrists and ankles were bruised in a band-shaped fashion, indicating that in her final hour she was restrained tightly at her wrists and ankles and had probably fought fiercely against her restraints. She had suffered a slow, anxious demise.&nbsp; 

Jason&#8217;s gaze moved on to the older woman&#8217;s sex.&nbsp; There too, the tan lines of a modest bikini bottom, one appropriate for a matron of her age and size, were found. None to Jason&#8217;s surprise, the executed woman&#8217;s most feminine area had been very recently shaved completely bald, probably in the hours before death.&nbsp; Jason had never seen it otherwise, either with male or female condemned.&nbsp; A pubic shaving was part of the penal code, a final punishing humiliation as well as a preparation for possible genital and reproductive organ harvest.&nbsp; But for this woman Jason knew that organ harvest was never intended. He assumed that her organs were not wanted; they rarely were after age 40.&nbsp; Transplant surgeons wanted to work with younger parts which had longativity. No, he thought, this one will be autopsied within the next few hours and sent to the incinerator.

It was clear to Jason that the condemned woman&#8217;s most intimate area had received the belt right along with her breasts.&nbsp; The smooth-shaven lips of the mature vulva were swollen from a strapping she had apparently undergone in the moments before she was put to death. He stared at the thin, bald pussy slit before him and wondered, had it had a full life?&nbsp; How many thousands of times had those smooth pussy lips been wrapped around a huge, pounding cock? Had a cock ever been forced between them; had she ever been raped? Was she a lesbian; had another woman ever licked them?&nbsp; How many times had a gynecologist spread them wide and clamped them open with a speculum? Had a live baby ever pasted through them; how many times?&nbsp; Did those children morn her loss; or had she been alone in the world?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

What are you doing? she asked affirmatively.

Jason nearly wet his pants as he jumped around to see Dr. Wexler&#8217;s assistant standing across the room behind him.

Clearing a lump in his throat, Jason stammered to say Oh, I&#8217;m sorry, there was no one here, and, and I wanted to do a little research regarding my harvesting thesis.

Before the nurse could speak again Dr. Wexler walked up behind her and quipped Well, you came in at a good time young man.&nbsp; We just executed a 37-year-old, and she&#8217;s being taken down from the gallows at this very moment.&nbsp; A little age on her, but she&#8217;s in great shape and meets all the harvest criteria.

Thank you Dr. Wexler Jason replied nervously, worried that the nurse was staring at his totally sick, perverted, necro-boner. 

As a matter of fact there are three private transplant jets on the tarmac right now waiting for this shipment Wexler continued.&nbsp; You&#8217;re welcome to stick around and watch.&nbsp; It&#8217;ll be just me and the three transplant assistants. The other two should be bringing her in from the death chamber any minute now.

Jason&#8217;s heart pounded as two surgically gowned female assistants wheeled the sheet covered gurney into the harvest room just moments later. He again embarrassingly feared that one of the mask-faced harvesting technicians would detect his semi-erection, which lingered from shear anticipation.

You know Jason, this woman&#8217;s heart is still beating faintly, even though she&#8217;s unconscious from the hanging.&nbsp; Keeping the blood circulating up to the moment of harvest makes for better transplant organs Wexler said. 

In the old days, back in the late Twentieth Century, they would take an accident victim who was being kept alive on a ventilator, pronounce them &#8216;brain dead&#8217;, and then harvest their organs while they were still on the ventilator. That&#8217;s how they got fresh, living transplant tissue Wexler rambled on, clearly enjoying the sound of his own voice.

Now that we have the new criminal code, and there&#8217;s no more warehousing of criminals, we just hang the condemned slightly until they&#8217;re unconscious, then take what we need. It works the same way as it did sixty years ago, back in the 1990&#8217;s. And hey, their going to be killed anyway, why not let the act serve humanity the physician said, clearly trying to justify his actions in order to salve some inner guilt.&nbsp; 

The two surgical technicians positioned the gurney over a wide, shallow, stainless-steel floor sink as the third tech pushed a button which began to slowly lower two steel beams from the ceiling. The two steel post-like beams, which were about five feet apart from one another, lowered directly down on either side of the gurney, stopping when the bottom of each was about five feet off the floor. There was a ringed attachment point at the bottom on each steel beam.

Jason stood facing the gurney end-on as his heart palpitated with the anticipation of what he was about to see.&nbsp; Directly in front of him, one of the female harvest technicians pulled the sheet off of the gurney, revealing the nude body of an attractive early middle-aged woman. She appeared well nourished but physically fit, with a slightly pear-shaped bottom accentuated by firm but prominent hips and thighs. She appeared unconscious, but had the skin tone and color of someone alive. 

The naked woman was lying face up on the gurney with her legs together. Her arms were still strapped tightly together behind her back at the wrists and elbows, the arm restraint position used in all hangings.&nbsp; This position caused her nipples to point upward and her breasts to flatten out, making her boobs appeared smaller than their C-cup, and more youthful than their 37 years. 

The beautiful woman&#8217;s long, dark brown hair had been cropped short just before she was hanged. Other than her now ragged-looking boyish haircut, her youthfully mature body was entirely hairless, Jason observed, revealing to him the thin, dark, straight line of a labial slit.

Two technicians, standing at each side of the gurney, firmly grasped the hanged woman&#8217;s ankles and spread her legs right in front of Jason. As they did, Dr. Wexler and the other assistant began to firmly strap suspension harnesses on each of the woman&#8217;s ankles. For the first time, Jason got a glimpse of the intimate folds of the hanged woman&#8217;s sex, which, shaved smooth, was bare as the day she was born. She had one of the most beautiful pussies he had ever seen.&nbsp; As the tech&#8217;s held the woman&#8217;s legs spread wide, Jason again worried that they would notice his swelling crotch log.&nbsp; 

The ankle harnesses had hooks on them which the assistants clipped to the metal rings on the bottoms of the hydraulic ceiling posts. To do this, they further spread the woman&#8217;s thighs wide in front of Jason. With the push of a button the steel posts slowly retracted to the ceiling, raising the condemned&#8217;s V-positioned legs upward as her buttocks were lifted up off the gurney.&nbsp; 

Jason stepped back to watch as the hanged mom was lifted feet-first toward the ceiling, her ankles held wide apart by the two inverted steel beams which now retracted into the ceiling.&nbsp; As her exposed torso was hoisted up by her spread legs, Jason got a clear look the mound and full lips of the woman&#8217;s shaved sex.&nbsp; With her arms strapped tight behind her, the unconscious woman&#8217;s chest was pushed out, proudly revealing her thick brown nipples and the hangman&#8217;s rope mark around her neck. 

As the woman hung by her spread ankles, now fully lifted off of the gurney, Jason was able to gazed upon the beauty of&nbsp; her mature, full frontal nudity.&nbsp; Her eyelids were halfway opened and she seemed to stare unconsciously forward.&nbsp; Just minutes earlier she was seeing the world through those eyes, now she hung awaiting her dissection. 

She really looks good for thirty-seven, the Jason thought as his dick swelled.

Once executed female prisoner was lifted off the gurney, it was rolled away and she hung free by her spread ankles, her arms still strapped behind her back. The technicians then lowered the beams to strategically position her pussy in front of Dr. Wexler to facilitate the harvest of her reproductive organs. 

Jason, seeing no whip marks on the woman&#8217;s body, asked Wexler if there had been no punitive punishment before death.
&nbsp; 
She was actually sentence be labially whipped before her death sentence was carried out, but yesterday we got a special order for a female sex organ transplant, and her DNA profiles matched the request. So Bowden decided to skip the whippings Dr.Wexler said.

We normally don&#8217;t choose them this old for sex organ transplants, but this one was exceptional.&nbsp; As far as we know she was never married and my examination revealed she had never given birth.&nbsp; She is essentially a 37-year-old virgin who is in top physical shape Wexler added.&nbsp; 

I spoke with her just about an hour ago when we did the execution prep. I told her that after she was hanged, I was going to completely remove her vulva and vagina, along with her uterus and ovaries, and that they would be transplanted into the 64 year old wife of a billionaire who wants to have a baby again. 

The freshly executed woman&#8217;s relaxed gaze and expressionless, near-lifeless eyes did not reveal her terrifying final hour.&nbsp; She now hung inverted, her arms bound behind her, her legs spread five feet apart.&nbsp; From what Wexler said, she had gone to the gallows knowing that her pussy would live on to be pounded by a billionaire.&nbsp; If the transplant recipient got pregnant, the executed woman, in a sense, would live on. Dr. Wexler wanted her to know that. 

Are there any punishments scheduled for this evening? Jason asked Dr. Wexler as he went to work using his laser knife to excise the woman&#8217;s spread open vulva.

Go grab some dinner and come back to the punishment theatre seven in about an hour Wexler said as he tugged on the hanged woman&#8217;s clitoris with a hemostat as his laser cut away some perianal tissue.&nbsp; I&#8217;m scheduled to do two punitive circumcisions on a pair of sisters.&nbsp; You&#8217;re welcome to watch.&nbsp; As Wexler said this, his three female assistants never batted an eye, but continued to work methodically as her cut out the woman&#8217;s pussy.

I&#8217;ll see you then Jason said as he exited the automatic doors of the Harvest Room and began to pull off his surgical scrubs.&nbsp; The thought of two sisters being circumcised before his eyes caused Jason to walk past the employee cafeteria and head straight for the men&#8217;s handicapped toilet stall.










While Dr. Wexler and his three surgical nurses finished completely excising the still connected vulva lips, vagina, uterus, and ovaries from the freshly executed 37-year-old woman who now hung lifelessly by her spread ankles in the Organ Harvest Room, Jason grabbed a quick post-masturbatory snack in the employee cafeteria so he would have the energy to move on to the punishment facility&#8217;s next sadistic venue.&nbsp; As Warden Anne Bowden&#8217;s shy young summer intern finished off a tomato and cucumber sandwich, Wexler and his trio of assistants completed their task of removing the hanged woman&#8217;s pussy and attached sex organs and hustling them to an awaiting business jet in an ice chest.&nbsp; 

Once the woman&#8217;s pussy was completely cut out, Wexler moved on to quickly remove her breasts, then proceeded to use the laser to slice her from between her spread legs all the way down to the base of her neck, completely opening her up her abdominal and chest cavity so that her vital internal organs could also be harvested.&nbsp; As he did this, the unconscious woman&#8217;s faint heartbeat expired.

------------------------------

Surrounded by guards, convicted sisters Janice and Andrea Antroidi stood dressed in prison garb with their arms obediently raised above their heads in fearful submission as they tearfully faced the Judge Lydia Moriarty, awaiting her sentence.&nbsp; The sadistic death sentence given to their father just a few months earlier by this same judge had been unbelievably cruel, and the two siblings anxiously anticipated a similar fate as they stood before the stern looking 60-year-old jurist. 

A month earlier, husky voiced, jet black haired 27-year-old Janice and her cute-but-not-beautiful 29-year-old bottle blond sister Andrea had been convicted of operating the largest methamphetamine lab ever discovered.&nbsp; The clandestine operation, located near the Mexican border on a conveniently unpoliced stretch of an Arizona Indian reservation, took in literally tons of cash, much of it in small bills.&nbsp; Investigators estimated that the operation grossed over three million American dollars a day, 365 days a year.&nbsp; The bust had been world news, and the subsequent trial and conviction of the attractive sister-operators had been followed by all the tabloid news shows. 

The Antroidi sisters had been schooled in the illicit drug manufacture and distribution business by their mobster father, Vito Antroidi, who had initially set up and bankrolled the massive operation before turning it over to his offspring.&nbsp; Even though Vito wasn&#8217;t involved in the lab&#8217;s day-to-day business, he got a cut of the profits, and he continuously advised his two daughters on operation of the business model, and on security matters.&nbsp; 

Just three weeks before Janice and Andrea Antroidi were arrested, father Vito himself was busted for operating the largest hydroponically grown cocoa leaf cultivating and processing operation ever discovered.&nbsp; Under interrogation Antroidi gave up his own daughters&#8217; illicit operation in a desperate attempt to save himself.&nbsp; Even after he was convicted and sentenced to death, Vito voluntarily testified against his daughters in a desperate and selfish attempt to get his own unbelievably cruel death sentence modified to something less tortuous.&nbsp; 

But it was not to be.&nbsp; Vito Antroidi had come up against the toughest judge in the country, and, even after delivering critical testimony against his own two daughters, he was sadistically tortured and brutally put to death as punishment for operating a drug manufacture and distribution ring.&nbsp; His sentence, handed down by the same judge that his daughters now faced, had been carried out just a week, and his daughters were well-informed of the details.
 
New ultra-Draconian anti-drug manufacturing laws passed in 2042 gave judges unlimited punitive discretion when it came to illicit drug manufacturers, and while Superior Court Judge Lydia Moriarty&#8217;s harsh sentences had recently come under fire in the press, those editorial accusations had not yet persuaded the judge to show mercy.

Judge Moriarty had sentenced Vito Antroidi to repeated anal penetration with a large inanimate object, followed by circumcision without anesthesia, followed by a 100 stroke bare buttocks belt strapping&nbsp; topped off by another 50 strokes across the scrotum.&nbsp; And that was just to warm him up. She then sentenced the drug lord to be affixed spread-eagle to an X-shaped cross, his legs spread wide, so that a large machinist&#8217;s vice could be used to slowly crush, one at a time, his already tortured testicles and penis.&nbsp; The she-bitch judge then ordered that Vito be disembowel while still alive.&nbsp; The sentence was carried out in front of a selected group of witnesses who had all lost children are family members to drug addiction or drug overdose.&nbsp; 

---------------------------------------

Judge Moriarty spoke firmly and distinctly as the condemned as sisters&#8217; raised hands and all arms nervously trembled.

Janice Antroidi and Andrea Antroidi, having each been found guilty of a Class One Capital Offense, it is the order of this court that you both be taken immediately to the Federal Women&#8217;s Punishment Facility at Elk Flat, Nevada, where you will each undergo as of yet undetermined punitive punishments for a period of 72 hours, after which time you will be put to death and your vital organs immediately harvested.

Andrea&#8217;s eyes rapidly swelled with tears and Janice began to weep aloud as Judge Lydia Moriarty continued.

I further order the Federal Women&#8217;s Punishment Facility warden, Anne Bowden, to personally select and implement the methods of punishment to be implemented for this sentence.&nbsp; I also order Warden Bowden to select and implement the method of final execution for each of you.&nbsp; 

Let me be very clear, this sentencing order grants Warden Bowden the full authority to select the methods used in carrying out your sentence, as well as full authority to implement your sentence.&nbsp; My only restriction to Warden Bowden is that you both must be dead within eighty hours of leaving this courtroom.&nbsp; May God have mercy on your souls.

The sisters seemed puzzled at first. Just what was their sentence? How would they be put to death?&nbsp; It took a moment for the judge&#8217;s words to sink in, then they both began to weep aloud. While no judge had ever handed down this type of sentence before, the new laws were clear; in capital cases, judges had the authority to pass down whatever sentence they wished. Moriarty was stretching the envelope by passing on specifics of the sentencing directly to the warden at the punishment facility. It was a novel idea, and Moriarty believed it would help relieve of some of the pressure the press had placed on her recent harsh judicial decisions.&nbsp; With the press didn&#8217;t know was that Judge Lydia and Warden Ann had briefly been lesbian lovers 10 years earlier, and the judge was clearly aware of her former partners sadistic side.&nbsp; She trusted that the sentence would be carried out to her satisfaction.

----------------------------------
Within hours of their sentencing the two condemned sisters arrived at the facility in the middle of the Nevada desert. While Janice and Andrea were being escorted off the plane in shackles they both looked up and saw the large complex of white windowless industrial buildings in the distance.&nbsp; They both knew it would be their brief final abode on earth.
Handcuffed with their hands behind their back and still wearing orange jail garb, the sisters were shuffled along in ankle irons as they were lead towards and awaiting entourage of several Jeeps.&nbsp; To the sisters&#8217; surprise, the Jeeps did not drive towards the entrance to the Women's Punishment Facility, but the entourage turned and headed toward a barren section of smooth, flat desert floor where several other jeeps were parked.&nbsp; 
Seven large, shirtless African male guards, each of whom had been personally selected by Warden Bowden, sweated as they pounded eight evenly spaced long iron stakes deep into the hard, lightly reddish desert floor. As the black guards sweated in the sun, several white male guards set up a separate small tent canopy just feet away to allow shade for the warden and her help.&nbsp; Next to the canopy several female guards worked on starting a small charcoal camp fire.&nbsp; To the casual viewer one might believe they were witnessing an afternoon outing if it were not for the bizarre desert location. 
Earlier in the day Warden Bowden was telephoned by Judge Moriarty and informed of her unusual sentence.&nbsp; Bowden&#8217;s creative mind had been working overtime ever since.&nbsp; 
Bowden and several white male and female guards turned to face the newly arriving female prisoners as they were hustled barefoot from the jeep onto the hot, baked red desert floor about a kilometer from the facility.&nbsp; The seven huge sweaty, shirtless African guards continued to pound their pattern of iron stakes.
One of the white male guards standing next to the warden held a canvas bag containing more than a dozen leather restraint straps and cuffs.
Warden Ann Bowden exchanged no pleasantries upon meeting the sisters, and did not even address the women for several long moments. Her long, silent glaring stare was meant to imply that she viewed the condemned sisters as inanimate objects, sort of the way one would look at an old junk car before sending it to the crusher.
Unshackle them and completely strip them she ordered to her guard team in a stern, authoritarian voice. 
Surrounded by guards and with absolutely with no place to run, the sisters obediently raise their hands above their heads as their shackles were remove from their wrists and ankles.&nbsp; Within moments several guards produced sharp scissors and quickly began to cut away the oversized orange smocks and trousers as the two frightened sisters were stripped completely naked as they stood surrounded by guards in the hot open desert.&nbsp; 
Ladies, I am Warden Ann Bowden.&nbsp; I have been authorized to sentence you for your crimes and will do so at this time.&nbsp; 
As Bowden spoke her black guards put down their mallets and stood on the desert floor behind her. 
For the next 72 hours you will be kept very much alive and alert by medical intervention if necessary. You will receive no solid food but will be hydrated intravenously at regular intervals with sugar water as necessary. 
Bowden paused a moment and then walked up to Janice, the bustier of the two, and, reaching up with both hands, slowly began to firmly twist her wide, light brown nipples as she spoke. 
You and your sister are going to be staked down to the desert floor.&nbsp; The lady guards here are going to use hot Brazilian wax to rip out your pussy hair by the roots. You see the muscles on these big black hunks behind me? Just wait till you see their long, thick black dicks.&nbsp; I assure you, they&#8217;re like none you&#8217;re ever seen.&nbsp; Their going to rape you and sis in every hole you&#8217;ve got, and not just once honey, but as many time as they want. 
At least a half-dozen times in each of your tight little holes Bowden continued as she twisted harder.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
And I&#8217;ve got something special to start out with.&nbsp; Just to make sure everything is warmed up down there before we get started, the warden pausing as one of the female guards handed her a wooden fraternity-type paddle, you&#8217;re each going to get 25 hard swats on the bottom before we tie you down.
Both women wept aloud as Bowden ordered them to bend over, touch their toes, and slightly been their knees.&nbsp; The frightened, naked sisters obediently complied, confident that any resistance to him would only worsened their torture.&nbsp; Janice was first.&nbsp; By the fifth hard stroke her bottom was beet red and she was wailing.&nbsp; At the 11th stroke she fell to her knees and pleaded that she could take no more. Andrea, still touching her toes and awaiting her punishment, quivered with fear as tears dripped directly onto the hot dry desert clay.&nbsp; 
Stand up and assume the position Janice, or I will read out your nipples with a pair of pliers.&nbsp; You have 10 seconds to comply.
From the corner of her tear-filled eye, Janice could see a female guard reach into a small canvas tool bag and produce a pair of water pump pliers.&nbsp; At first glance of the implements the 27-year-old, still tearfully crying, her jet black hair now dusted with sand, leapt to her feet and touched her toes once again.&nbsp; Ann Bowden proceeded with the punishment, and just before the 25th stroke the screaming girl pissed herself, puddling urine on the desert floor as her firm, full round buttocks began to bleed slightly under the final stings of the paddle.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The warm up paddling was no easier for Andrea.&nbsp; As the fem-dom warden handed the 29-year-old bottle blond her own series of strong, firm paddle strokes, the guards saw to it that Janice was securely staked down to the desert floor.&nbsp; Janice was staked down facing the late afternoon sun.&nbsp; Her arms were cuffed to iron stakes in a spread eagle fashion.&nbsp; A leather belt was passed over her lower chest and attached to stakes at either side of her.&nbsp; The guards then grabbed her ankles and, bending her knees back as far as they could go, attached her knees to another set of stakes just lateral to her breasts.&nbsp; Finally, Janice&#8217;s ankles were strapped wide open somewhere just above her shoulders. 
Once both sisters were strapped down to the desert floor with her pelvis spread wide before the assembled, a female guard proceeded smear hot wax over each woman&#8217;s mons pubis and vulva. A second guard poured cold ice water over each crotch to set the wax.&nbsp; Without fanfare the female guard then with great force firmly ripped the pubic hair of each woman out by its roots. The screams could be heard from miles. Once Janice and Andrea had caught their breath from screaming, Anne Bowden spoke again.
Dr. Wexler, our staff gynecologist, will be joining us just before sunset.&nbsp; I&#8217;m instructed him to burn each of your clitoris&#8217; off completely by the root.&nbsp; There won&#8217;t be any anesthesia, and, the doctor will be using any of his fancy equipment, just a glowing, hot wire from my little campfire over here.
But because I am such a caring and understanding purveyor of justice, I thought I did you each the chance of having one final orgasm with your now so cutely splayed pussy.
Bowden stepped back under the protective shade of her wall-less desert tent, smirking as the seven muscular black guards walked up and faced the sisters and began to undo their pants.
Andrea gasped as she laid eyes on the set of seven huge black cocks.&nbsp; It was more than she could take. She began to cry a soft, baby like cry with tears rolling down her cheeks as the first of the seven knelt between her up spread legs.
Oh God, oh God is too big is too big I can&#8217;t take it.&nbsp; Please no, God no, NO Andrea screamed as the first of her multiple rapists forced himself deep inside her, childless, little-used vagina.
Goddamn you fucking nigger Janice shouted as she watched the guard pound her sister.&nbsp; Little did she know that her racial fury would only exacerbate the intensity of the rape. 
Andrea screamed continuously during her first rape, drawing Janice&#8217;s attention from the fact that she would soon be next. Bowden&#8217;s directions had been clear.&nbsp; Before Dr. Wexler arrived to burn off their clitoris&#8217;, each of the seven black guards was to rape each of the women both vaginally and rectally.
Andrea fought for sure he should climax any moment, and when the guard pulled out of her vagina for moment, she thought he was done. To her shock he leaned forward again, this time tipping his penis head slightly lower.&nbsp; 
When the guard began to force is huge dripping tool into her anus, Andrea screamed No, no, no not there.&nbsp; Please not there.&nbsp; I, I can&#8217;t, it&#8217;s too big I just can&#8217;t, not there.
As Andrea received the first of seven hard anal rapes, another huge tooled black guard began to pound Janice&#8217;s vagina with all his might.
The multi rapes continued unabated for over two hours, with only momentary breaks for the female guards to swab out the sperm filled rape holes in order to keep them as dry and tight as possible.
The sun was beginning to set when Dr. Wexler, two of his female assistants, and Jason all arrived at the desert encampment by jeep. There been a change of venue from punishment theater seven, and the two are running a little late.&nbsp; 
Jason wouldn&#8217;t help but stare at the two women staked to the desert floor, their faces wet with tears, their eyes filled with terror, and their extremely spread pussies glistening in the waning sunlight. 
Standing there with Wexler and all the male guards, Jason wondered what the few female guards assembled there thought of all this. He knew without a doubt that Anne Bowden was into it, and he knew Dr. Wexler&#8217;s assistants were devoted, but he had reservations about one female guard.&nbsp; The female guard in question, the one tending the fire, had refused to speak or make eye contact with him when he casually greeted her upon his arrival, and he noticed that she did not look at Dr. Wexler when he addressed her, inquiring if the hot circumcision wires were ready. 
Jason noticed that each of the set of several crude cauterizing wires had wooden handles at one end and a single, tiny loop at the other.&nbsp; The loop end glowed as Wexler lift it up to inspect it. Jason assumed that the gynecologist would use the tiny loop end to burn out each clitoris with a slow, scooping motion. He assumed correctly.
Jason was amazed at how tightly the women had been bound to the desert floor.&nbsp; Jason had witnessed quite a number of punitive circumcisions at the male facility, and at least two here at the female prison, but he had seen none performed by cauterization.&nbsp; In fact, he had an idea that this would be more than just circumcision, but that Wexler would burn away each of the sisters&#8217; entire clits.&nbsp; The idea the women being burned between the legs with a glowing hot wire, all while the unapproving, or at least uncomfortable, young female guard was forced to watch, excited him.
I&#8217;m Dr. Wexler, the prison surgeon.&nbsp; Your sentence of female circumcision and full clitorectomy by cauterization will now be carried out.

Before Wexler could say another word, Jason watched as the strapped down sisters&#8217; faces twisted up in tears.&nbsp; Andrea began to cry softly aloud.

Janice will be first Wexler continued over the soft crying.

God no, please, God no, NO! Janice screamed and twisted against her restraints as Wexler approached and knelt before her spread pussy with the strange, glowing wire tool.

Don&#8217;t do this, please don&#8217;t do this to my sister Andrea pleaded as Wexler inserted two gloved fingers from his free hand deep into Janice&#8217;s vagina and lifted up the clitoral area by applying upward pressure just behind the G-spot.

Handing the glowing wire tool back to his assistant Wexler announced It&#8217;s two compact, I&#8217;m going to have to sew the lips open.

Oh my God, my God, no, NO!&nbsp; Janice screamed and then broke down in a long wailing sob as the assistant handed Dr. Wexler a large curved needle with surgical thread attached.&nbsp; 

Despite that he had just masturbated 30 minutes earlier, Jason&#8217;s erection once again grew as he watched the strapped-down woman scream in horror while Wexler passed the needle repeatedly through her pussy lips and handed the threads to assistants standing at either side.&nbsp; The assistants then pulled threads tight, spreading the pussy lips wide apart, clearly revealing Janice&#8217;s clitoral treasure for the gynecologist. 

Still holding the labia wide with sutures, both of Wexler&#8217;s assistants giggled as urine squirted onto their boss&#8217; surgical smock as he first touched Janice&#8217;s clitoral tissue with the small, glowing hot wire or fresh from the fire of coals.&nbsp; Once Janice&#8217;s pussy lips had been stretched far part, the actual procedure only took Dr. Wexler a minute.&nbsp; He firmly press the wire loop deep over Janice&#8217;s clitoris as the young woman shuttered and flailed&nbsp; with burning pain and humiliation. Handing off the cool wire for a fresh, glowing hot one, Dr. Wexler proceeded to burn away that only Janice&#8217;s clitoris but all the immediately surrounding tissues.&nbsp; As his own little punitive measure, for pissing on his smock, Wexler also burned away at the opening of Janice&#8217;s little pee-hole.&nbsp; 

Five minutes after the procedure was done Janice&#8217;s wailing cry could still be heard a half mile away.&nbsp; Now it was her sister&#8217;s turn.&nbsp; 

Jason relished in the sight of Andrea struggling against her restraints as Wexler approached her open thighs.&nbsp; This one is wide open the doctor announced, indicating to his assistants that suturing the vaginal lips would not be necessary on this one.

No goddamn it, no, no you&#8217;re not doing that to me, you mother fucker Andrea screamed as she was about to receive Wexler&#8217;s wire.

As Dr. Wexler leaned forward, Andrea spat at him, striking him in the face.&nbsp; 

Wexler replied calmly by first handing the red-hot wire tool to his assistant, and then he turned and firmly slapped Andrea cross the face.&nbsp; Andrea hung her head and began to cry.

Now listen to me, you are going to get burned down there just like your sister did, and I&#8217;m going to do it, do you understand bitch? Dr. Wexler growled as he stuck two finger&#8217;s deep into Andrea&#8217;s bald pussy. Andrea&#8217;s only reply was to weep aloud.

Andrea screamed at the top of her lungs as the prison gynecologist pressed the small, glowing red metal loop deep into her clitoris, instantly vaporizing it into a plume of smoke. At that moment she, too, emptied her bladder on the doctor.

Once Andrea&#8217;s howling screams had subsided to a steady, convulsing sob, Warden Bowden approached Dr. Wexler, addressing him and the condemned in the same sentence.&nbsp; 

Janice and Andrea, in just a few moments you are both going to have each of your nipples crushed completely with a pair of pliers.&nbsp; Then I&#8217;m going to lay off of you for the rest of the evening, during which time you&#8217;ll be placed under Dr. Wexler&#8217;s care so that he can keep you healthy in order to allow you to sustain further punitive measures tomorrow. 

Then turning to Wexler she added First thing in the morning, I want both of these bitches to undergo a rapidly accelerated false pregnancy and delivery. Do I make myself clear Dr. Wexler?

You&#8217;re the boss, warden the doctor replied with clear sarcasm.

As a guard approached Janice with a pair of pliers in his hands, Wexler turned and added a suggestion to Warden Bowden&#8217;s repertoire. 
You know, Warden Bowden, my years as a gynecologist and obstetrician have taught me that the female nipple is an extremely durable tissue.&nbsp; I might suggest, have any creative measure, that you first untied the condemned females from the stakes, then hog-tie them with their hands and feet together behind her back so that they can&#8217;t walk, and then proceed to see just how far they can be dragged back to the facility by their nipples with pliers, before their nipples rip off.

Jason had a feeling that Warden Bowden would be jealous over the fact that she had not been so creative herself.&nbsp; As he and Wexler drove off in the jeep that night the last sound that he heard was a horrifying pleading of Andrea as, face up on the desert floor, her hands and feet now locked together behind her at her waist, two guards slowly dragged her, each with a pliers in his hand, firmly clamped on her now 6 inch long stretched nipples.

 












 Ladies, I am Warden Ann Bowden

 
  Hoffman
  Normal
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-02-11T23:11:00Z
  2006-02-11T23:11:00Z
  1
  1701
  9698
  Home
  80
  22
  11377
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 12 Execution of the Terrorist Housewives

by Jill
Crokett

After only a single
night of rest from their brutal rape and torture in the desert, Janice and
Andrea Antroidi now awaited a totally new experience, one which neither of them
had ever endured. Childbirth. But today they would not bring Vito
Antroidis descendents into the world.
This day, in just a few hours, each of the sisters would give birth to a
dense, sponge-like, football shaped object.

Ever since a Danish
obstetrician had invented the false pregnancy system a decade earlier, the
worldwide epidemic of cesarean sections had been cut in half. Now women with narrow birth canals or narrow
pelvic bones, for whom the possibility of natural childbirth was formerly nearly
impossible, could now undergo one or two of these false childbirth procedures
before getting pregnant, thus stretching them out and allowing them to then
give birth naturally. 

Undergoing this
procedure assured that ones vagina and surrounding connective tissues, including
the semi articulating bones of the pelvis, were loosened up and prepared for a
real, live birth. Some physicians referred to the rather uncomplicated procedure
simply as birth prep, and millions of women worldwide had safely undergone it
as a non surgical way to prepare them for natural birthing. 

Healthcare systems now
saved hundreds of millions of dollars a year by avoiding needless cesarean
sections, and the health risks associated with the often needless surgery had
been cut dramatically. The only major downside
to this medical development was that women were now being placed through the pain
and humiliation of false birth before they endured the final torture of live
birth. 

With the new false
birthing procedure, since an inanimate object cannot be put at risk, no medical
attention was required to be directed toward the fetus, saving money and
manpower, and virtually all women that had undergone false first had fewer
complication during live birthing. At
birth, much of the medical attention is directed toward the fetus. During the false pregnancy procedure, girls
could simply be strapped down and left screaming for hours. And when it was all done their bodies were better
prepared to deliver vaginally without complication.

Following their desert
experience the sisters had been left undisturbed for the night, but their rest
was short-lived. At 6:45 a.m. guards dragged them from their cells and carried
them down a long white hallway where Dr. Wexler and his team of obstetrical nurses
awaited them. Due to the way Superior Court Judge Lydia Moriarty sentenced
27-year-old Janice and 29-year-old Andrea, the sisters did not know the details
of their sentence and, because of this, every turn of the corner increased
their anxiety. 

When the stainless steel double doors in front
of them opened, the sisters could see in a large, fully equipped obstetrical
theatre with two slightly tilted birthing tables, complete with laterally
winged, full leg stirrup troughs spread wide open.

Andreas eyes rapidly swelled with tears and
Janice began to weep aloud softly as they witnessed the obvious intentions of
the medical suite with its large surgery spotlights hanging over the delivery
tables. Andreas face curled and she made brief eye contact with Dr. Wexler, whose
look of impending doom was evident even from behind his surgical mask.

The silence was
broken when the telephone rang. The nurse told Wexler it was the warden
calling.

Doctor, the
timeline must be moved up on these Antroidi women. We cant hold off executing the
three tunnel terrorist gals much longer, and I dont want these two guinea
sisters getting in the way, do you understand? Bowden bellowed into the phone.
I need the Antroidi sisters taken care
of today doctor, tomorrow my be to late. I desperately need to move up the
schedule on Diane, Tracy, and Sara. We
need to be looking at no more than 48 hours from now for them. Our calculations are that Tracy is about to
start her period, and I dont want to deal with that shit during the execution.
Do you understand doctor? 

Yes Warden,
whatever you say maam Wexler replied patronizingly, fully knowing that he was
nothing but Bowdens lackey lap dog.

Standing completely
naked with their arms handcuffed behind their backs, each sister was shuffled
toward one of the awaiting surgical tables. 

Unshackle them,
strap them down in the full lithotomy position, and shave them again, completely
the team head nurse ordered in an authoritarian voice. 

With no place to hide
their shame, the sisters stood at the foot of their assigned delivery table and
obediently raised their arms above their heads once their handcuffs were removed. Together, they were about to undergo an
experience their female ancestors knew all too well. For the entire mid 20th-century the
process of being stripped naked, spread-wide and clean shaved for an OB/Gyn was
a process that half of the adult population was familiar with.

Andrea was
first.&nbsp; Her wrists were buckled down in leather restraints with her arms
overhead.&nbsp; A wide leather restraint belt was passed over her chest just
below her breasts and attached to the table at either side of her.&nbsp; The
guards then grabbed her ankles and bent her knees, attaching them into the
stirrups with straps firmly placed at the ankles, knees and thighs.

Once Janice was also firmly strapped down in the
same position as Andrea, the nurses inserted IV needles into each sisters arms
and hooked thin clear plastic tubes to each needle. These tubes would carry the
drugs which would rapidly induced labor. Dr. Wexler then carefully adjusted the
stirrup positions and table angles on each of the tables, spreading the thighs and
tilting the buttocks end slightly higher until each of the sisters labial lips
seemed to pout upward in a wide-open spread. He wasted no time grabbing a huge
syringe affixed with a wide gauge needle, proceeding to load it with the
rapidly expansive false pregnancy material which he would soon inject into each
womans uterus. 

Andrea begged Oh my God, my
God, please doctor, NO, no not THIS!&nbsp;as Wexler aligned the giant needle
with the entrance of her vagina. She then broke down in a long, wailing sob as
the doctor firmly pressed the fat needle home, directing its sharp tip
through the tiny opening of her cervix. As Dr. Wexler unloaded the syringe deep
into her as yet unfruitful uterus, Andrea began to cry aloud. Laying strapped
into the stirrups, her heels turned nearly bottom-up, she pleaded for her
sister Janice to help her. But Janice herself was only minutes away from the shared
predicament. 

This is the rapid method Wexler announced to
the sisters. Ive never tried it before. Within 90 minutes you both should
have pelvis swollen up like watermelons, and those watermelons will then be
ready to be slowly passed through your birth canals. Please dont blame me for this one, ladies, I
didnt come up with this system the doctor added as he winked at his
middle-aged head nurse.

In less than three hours you'll both have
experienced something that only half the population can fully appreciate.
Unfortunately for you, being that you are both condemned drug manufacturers,
your painful labor will only produce an inanimate, football shaped object.

The head
nurse rolled her eyes as Wexler continued with his lecture.

Raising up from his short
rolling examination stool, Dr. Wexler announced You are now going to undergo a
rapidly accelerated false pregnancy and delivery. Do you have any questions?

Neither sister spoke, but both
turned sideways and made eye contact with one another. They seemed to ask themselves what had led
their lives to this point.

Wexler turned to his head nurse
and ordered Im leaving for breakfast. Call me if there are any complications.

Over the next hours Janice and Andrea experienced
unbelievable pain as their uteruses rapidly swelled, expanding their pelvises
near the bursting point. As the doctor enjoyed his second cup of coffee in the executive
level employee lounge, the two condemned women moaned and twisted against their
restraints as their bellies ballooned unbelievably fast. In the time it took
for Dr. Wexler to enjoy a leisurely breakfast, the sisters lower abdomens were
the size of a ripe Mexican melon. Their
belly buttons now popped upward, indicating they were done. 

Ninety minutes later Dr. Wexler returned to the
sight of two full term pregnant females, fully prepped and spread open before him
on adjoining delivery tables, their legs strapped into the high, wide
obstetrical stirrups. He immediately walked up to each spread pelvis and
instinctively bent his head down to look into the now shortened birth canal. Without speaking, Dr. Wexler then gave an
animated signal to the head nurse, ordering her to begin pumping the powerful
hormone-based uterine contraction drug into the clear plastic IV tubes which led
to each sisters arm.

Within minutes Andrea and Janice were moaning and
sweating heavily. As the labor rapidly commenced Dr. Wexler began walking from
one spread pelvis to the other another, and, as he had done thousands of times
before, thrust two gloved fingers inside each vagina, feeling for changes in
cervix dilation. 

It wasnt long before both sisters were pleading
for mercy at the top of their lungs. The rapid uterine contractions were just
seconds apart as the girls dripped with sweat and cried as they struggled
against the restraint straps which held them firmly in place on the table. 

Janice, the more stoic of the two, finally broke
down and let out a deep cry of helplessness.
Wexler wiggled his wrist and forced his entire hand deep into her vagina,
palpating the position of the football-shaped rubbery object she was giving
birth to. As he did Janice begged with unintelligible utterances, her face
distorting in horror. As if struggling to end Janices deafening shriek, Wexler
yanked hard on the nose of the football in an attempt to pull the huge dense
spongy object from between her legs as bright red blood dripped onto the white
tile floor. 

In the throws of heavy labor, each forceful labor
contraction racked Janices body. As the nursing team looked on, Wexler order
one of them to push down on Janices abdomen while he had another nurse unwrap
a sterile tray of surgical instruments just in case an episiotomy was needed. He
pulled hard, hoping he wouldnt need them.

The shriek was as high pitched as any human could
make as Wexler yanked the football from between Janices crotch. 

Dr. Wexler, not wanting to waste any more time on
the project, nodded to a nurse, who immediately increased the IV flow to
Andrea, sending more of the hormone based drug into her veins. Almost
immediately she began to gnash her teeth and scream as ultra-strong, violent
uterine contractions rippled through her torso.


Andrea pleaded with God to take her as Wexler
began to repeat the process, slipping his full hand deep into her now stretched
vulva. Sweat covered her nude body, causing it to glisten as she struggled.
Wexler plunged his entire forearm in as deep as he could as the sweat-covered
woman screamed. As he worked deeper Andrea became speechless, her mouth gaping
in a vain attempt at verbal expression. 

Needless to say, the Antroidi sisters day had
not begun well. And it was going to get worse. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Chapter 13   Execution of the Terrorist Housewives






 
  Hoffman
  Normal
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-05-09T18:02:00Z
  2006-05-09T18:02:00Z
  1
  2847
  16230
  Home
  135
  38
  19039
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   {E9A2F25C-92D9-4676-B90F-3A36D285AE7E}
   62094920
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Chapter 13 Execution of the Terrorist
Housewives

by Jill
Crokett



Execution of the Terrorist Housewives Chapter Thirteen by Jillian Victoria Crokett Copyright
2006. This story is fiction. All names used are completely fictitious,
including the authors name, and any resemblance to a
real person is coincidental and no association is implied or intended. This
story may not be copied or posted elsewhere. Reading
by persons under 18 years of age is prohibited. Cruelty depicted is a transcription of the
authors mental thought process, and it in no way condones illegal or immoral behavior. 

&nbsp;



Setting update: It is the
mid-21st century and prisons are now obsolete in North America. All punishment is either
corporal, capital, or both. The
as yet un-won War On Terrorism continues and is
harshly prosecuted at every turn through strict new reforms within both the
American and Canadian judicial systems. 

Updated Review of Main Characters:

Diane is a 42-year-old divorced
mom and the presumed ringleader of the three female tunnel terrorists. She has
short, light-brown haired, is 5, 4 tall, and is modestly overweight. Dianes
most striking feature is her hanging, full double D-cup breasts which are
complimented by her wide-at-the-hips bottom and narrowing waist. Diane has been
sentenced to death for her role in the heinous act of terrorism. 

Sara is
a beautiful 33-year-old housewife and the mother of a young son. Her natural
strawberry-blond hair, cut just up off her shoulders, compliments her flawless
cream-colored skin. Saras trim, athletic body stands 5, 7 and is appointed
with small, firm breasts and a tight boyish bottom. Both of these features
reveal the sharp tan lines of a two-piece swimsuit. Sara was sentenced along
with her best friend Diane. 

Tracy
is Diane's petite 16-year-old daughter. She has long, straight,
blond-highlighted hair and a thin, boyish figure. She was convicted along with her mom and Sara
as an adult co-conspirator in a terrorist act and is to be put to death along
with them. 

Bill and Karen are a couple from Long
  Island, New York who have been selected by
lottery to witness executions in Nevada.
Their young son was a victim of terrorism and they hope to witness the
execution of his presumed killers. Bill is a tanned, blue-jean-wearing, physically
fit home builder in his early forties.
His wife Karen is an attractive but overweight housewife. She has latent bisexual tendencies and is naturally
submissive to her husband. 

Warden Anne
Bowden is the steel-eyed, late-thirty-something, all-business warden of the
Federal Female
 Punishment Center
at Elk Flat, Nevada. Warden
Bowden, a well known authority on female penal administration, takes her job
seriously, is a workaholic, and has no hobbies outside of the Female
 Punishment Center. She has never married. Ms. Bowden always wears a dark-colored
conservative business jacket with matching knee length skirt, and her dark
brunette hair is often worn in a bun. 

Dr. Wexler, , is the medical director of the Federal
 Female Punishment
 Center at Elk Flat. The 52-year-old OB/Gyn
is a sadistic loner whose wife and children were killed years earlier by a
drunk driver. Along with Warden Anne Bowden he oversees the administration of
punishment to all Federal female prisoners.

Jason is
the fresh-faced, carrot-haired 23-year-old graduate student performing an
administrative internship at the Federal
 Female Punishment
 Center. He performs minor
administrative duties for the wardens staff and is free to observe any
procedure that occurs at the facility. 



Janice and Andrea Antroidi are
late-twenty-something sisters convicted and condemned for their operation of a
large-scale illicit drug manufacturing business. They are the daughters of a
recently executed high-level mobster. 

&nbsp;



 

The timeline to execute the Antroidi sisters had to be moved up in order to avoid
delaying the execution of the Diane, Sara, and Tracy, the three condemned
tunnel terrorists. Within hours of their
false delivery, the Antroidi sisters were hustled
nude down a barren, stark white hallway towards the punishment theatre where a
low-platform gallows had been temporarily set up. Over the gallows platform hung a single steel
cable looped in the form of a simple noose. The gallows platform was only a
foot higher than the rest of the room, and it lacked the traditional drop door
in its floor. The hanging would occur
when the noose was slowly winched upward.

Jason stood and
watched with a handful of other mostly male witnesses as the
stripped-to-the-waist sisters were led handcuffed into the room. Each wore only
a diaper, and each female had had her hair cropped boyishly short. 27-year-old Janices face curled and she
began to cry silently as soon as she saw the noose. Reality suddenly set in
that this was the end for her and her sister. Warden Bowden stepped forward and
announced that she had chosen hanging as the method of execution, and that both
sisters, one at a time, would hang by the neck until dead. She announced that
Andrea would hang first. Janices heart
sank as she realized she would witness her own sisters death before taking her
turn at the gallows. She bowed her head as her tears dripped onto the concrete
floor.

Guards surrounded
the two condemned females and attached a wide leather belt around each waist, snugging it firmly just above the diaper. The girls handcuffs were then moved behind their backs and
hooked to the back of the belt. With their arms behind them, Jason noticed how
the tight belts trimmed the girls waists, accentuating their figures. The handcuff belts also allowed the nearly
all-male gallery of witnesses to get a clear view of the girls bare chests
rising and falling with anxious, rapid breaths.
Both sisters nipples were swollen and red from their torture in the desert
the evening before. Each had multiple
purple whip and strap marks across her thighs.
Jason thought the two sisters looked peculiar in diapers, a necessity of
their false pregnancies which had been terminated just a few hours earlier.

With a nod from
Warden Bowden two guards grabbed Andrea and hustled her onto the stage. The
steel looped cable was quickly slipped over her head and tightened. No one
asked for last words and no preacher prayed. There was no offer of a blindfold
or a last cigarette. A guard crouched and strapped a thick leather belt around
Andreas thighs, squeezing them together as a second guard tightly strapped
another belt around her calves. 

Make her watch
Warden Bowden commanded as she shot a glance toward the guard holding
Janice. The guard instantly grabbed
Janices hair and jerked her head up, forcing her to watch her sisters
impending death. A mechanical hum was heard and the cable tightened just
slightly, taking all slack from the slim steel cable. With another slight whine
of the winch Andrea was lifted onto her tiptoes. Her eyes bulged with terror.
She tried to plead with her voice but in was too late. Three seconds later
another mechanical sound was heard and the young woman, now on her tiptoes, was
lifted just about one inch off the floor by her neck. Her wrists struggled
behind her back for freedom. Andreas face pleaded for mercy as her toes sought
in vain for terra firma, just an inch below. Her arms, clipped behind her
waist, continued to thrash wildly for freedom.


As Andreas toes
ever so slightly cleared the floor a female guard reached out and gently held
one of her shoulders to keep her body from spinning as she hung. Another female
guard immediately bent down and began unbuckling the thigh and calf restraint
straps, allowing the belts to drop to the gallows floor with a plop. As her
legs were set free, Andreas knees flexed upward and she began to peddle for
the floor. The guard holding her shoulder then reached down and unpinned
Andrea's diaper. It fell to the floor
revealing smooth shaved labia which were blue with the strap marks of a
belt. As it fell, urine trickled onto
the stage from between her legs. 

After an eternal
minute Andreas struggling slowed. After several more minutes passed her leg
movements stopped and Andreas now limp body began to ever so slowly spin on
the axis of the tightened vertical cable, her head acutely cocked to one
side. The rooms silence was shattered
when Janice suddenly sobbed aloud in a deep, agonizing despair as she gazed at
her sisters last moments. 

A gurney was
wheeled in and lifted onto the low stage by two large black male guards. Dr.
Wexler walked in with them, stethoscope in hand. He pressed the cold
stethoscope to Andreas bare chest and listened, then turned to Anne Bowden and
said I need go ahead and harvest this one while theres still a faint
heartbeat. Should I go ahead and start, or wait for this one he said,
motioning with his index finger toward Janice. 

Before Bowden could
answer Dr. Wexler, Janice desperately exclaimed &quot;Please ma'am, please have
mercy on me. I don't want to die ma'am, please, I beg you please.&quot; 

&quot;Go ahead and
take Andrea and harvest her, doctor, I want to take my time with this one&quot;
Bowden said referring to Janice. 

Turning back toward
Janice, Warden Bowden sharply replied &quot;No mercy for you bitch, as a matter
of fact, I have a little bonus for you.&quot; On those words a guard stepped
forward and produced two thick hardwood boards which had four long
wing-nut-tipped bolts running through them.

&quot;Were going
to crush your breasts before we hang you, Janice&quot; the Warden said
matter-of-factly. 

Janice tried to
struggle as guards held her up while the warden herself slipped the large
wooden clamp device over both of Janice's breasts. Then freeing one hand Anne Bowden reached
through the device and grabbed Janice's nipples one at a time, squeezing them
tightly and pulling them through the device. Several unpaired hands then worked
together turning the multiple wing knobs to firmly tighten the clamps down.
Janice groaned as the boards slowly tightened down together, flattening her
tits and causing her swollen nipples to perk out the end of the wooden vice. 

&quot;Please no,
please stop, it hurts so, so bad, please&quot; Janice pleaded as the guards and
tightened the clamps as far as they could before taking up a mechanics wrench
and tightening them even further, this time to the crushing point. 

Her tits crushed in
agony, Janice was forced to watch while her sister Andreas nude, lifeless body
was lifted, unmoored from the noose, and laid out on a gurney. At that moment Jason realized that he would
enjoy watching the double harvest of the sisters organs.

Janice groaned and
pleaded as she endured the crushing force on her breasts. She was carried to the stage and stood at the
same spot where her sister had just been hanged. The same straps were applied around her legs
and the entire procedure was repeated, only this time heavy wooden clamps
weighed down, crushing the condemned young womans breasts. Janice,
usually the more stoic of the two sisters, finally broke down and let out a
deep cry of helplessness as the steel noose cable was slipped over her
head. 

Janice tried to manage a final plea
as a whining sound of the motor lifted her no more than a
centimeter off the floor. She shook
rather violently and her eyes rolled up into her head as she was lifted. A female guard unbuckled her legs while a
male guard unhooked her wrists from the handcuffs, allowing her to struggle
freely for a few moments before she lost consciousness. It was more of a strangling than a
hanging. Her now free to hands grappled
for a throat but it was useless. While she was still in her final moments of
consciousness one of the female guards stripped Janice of her diaper. Jason stared as she peed on the floor.



20 minutes later Jason stood in the Autopsy/Organ Harvest Room and
stared again, this time at the hanging lifeless bodies of Andrea and Janice.
Stripped of everything, the two executed sisters hung upside down by their
ankles, awaiting Dr. Wexlers harvesting scalpel. Jason listened to the sweet hum of an
electric motor as the sisters feet were spread wide apart, positioning their
femininity for harvest. He gazed in
fascination as Dr. Wexler removed the sisters vulva lips and attached vaginas
with surgical precision. Like the bull
in the slaughterhouse the sisters were then split from the crotch to the neck
and their vital organs carefully harvested.

&nbsp;



16-year-old Tracy
Howell sat naked in her cell as a large team of guards assembled outside her
cell door. The heavy door rumbled open and Warden Anne Bowden entered,
accompanied by two tall, broad shouldered black male guards. She had come to
explain something to Tracy. 


&quot;Tracy, the time has come for the final steps of your sentence to be
carried out. I have come here today to
tell you that in a few hours you'll be taken to the main punishment and execution theater, where you and Mrs. Stahler
will be put to death.

Tears welled in Tracys eyes but
she said nothing. 

Your mothers sentence will be carried out 24
hours after yours and Saras. It is my
official duty to inform you now that the prescribed time window for a stay of
execution has passed.

The warden's words were a formality. Tracy and
the other women had known all along that there was no chance of a stay of
execution. The nation was in no mood to
grant mercy for terrorists and mass killers of innocent commuters.

&quot;As warden of this facility I have
discretion over execution protocol, and I have made the decision that you will
be executed second, just after Sara Stahler. It is my
decision that your mother will be forced to watch your execution. You will be required to watch Sara's.&quot;

 Tracy just stared
ahead trancelike. She knew that nothing
the warden would say would change anything.
The 16-year-old knew all too well that she would soon endure further
torture and then be put to death. Tracy sat on her
cell bunk and listened. Her nudity and
become a secondary issue to life-and-death, and she did not attempt cover her
young tits or pussy with her hands as she had just days earlier.


Because of the exact nature of your execution, the warden continued,
which I cannot yet reveal, we will not be whipping you or Mrs. Stahler just before your execution.&quot; 

It was usual and customary for all condemned
prisoners, both female as well as male, to receive a thorough punitive whipping
with a bullwhip before being put to death.
For some as yet unrevealed reason the warden had elected to forgo this
cruel indignity on Sara and Tracy. But why? Tracy thought.

&quot;I'll explain the details of your
execution later, but I want you to know that I have selected an alternative
pre-execution punitive punishment for you Tracy, and that punishment is going
to be carried out right now. I have
ordered seven of my biggest black guards rape you, in
any orifice they wish, as many times as they can for the next two hours. I would let them do it longer Tracy, but we
don't have much time.&quot; 

The warden did not elaborate further but
quickly turned and left the cell without looking back or uttering another word.
As soon as she exited, five more large African guards entered the tiny
steel-walled cell. 

Tracy did not speak but only groaned slightly
as two muscular, coal-black men lifted her by her underarms arms and placed her
on the cell floor as five others unbuckled and dropped their uniform
trousers. The team of guards surrounded
her and pinned the slender, petite teenager down with her back against the cold
concrete floor and her arms pinned out straight to each side as if crucified. As guards to either side held the
16-year-olds arms flat against the floor, a third black guard crouched just
above her head and with the palm of his hands pushed her shoulders down flat
against the concrete. 

Two more guards firmly gripped each of Tracys slim legs
and flexed her knees and hips, pressing her kneecaps awkwardly against the
concrete floor just up under her underarms.
These same two guards then freed one hand each to tightly grasp each
ankle, drawing in tightly back above Tracys head. As
they did the young blondes butt cheeks lifted up off the floor, spreading her
shaved girl-crack for the first of seven African rapists. 

One at a time the guards took a cruel turn at
deeply raping the vagina and tight young ass of the now crying teenager. As they worked their violating terror on her,
Tracy screamed aloud with each and every deep, full thrust, shouting her
moans as the massive cocks alternately pounded her femininity and rectum. As each successive guard climaxed, they
shifted their restraining positions so that six held and one fucked, giving
each an equitable turn with the girl. However humiliatingly terrifying and painful for Tracy, the experience was certainly most gratifying
for the guards.
They would owe the warden big-time for this one. Each thickly-hung black man experienced in
that tiny cell a level of pleasure and enjoyment none had had in months. 



As sweaty,
shinny, ebony skin huddled over the tender young white girl, a half-dozen
several white female guards and staff secretaries gathered at the open cell
door to catch a glimpse of thrusting coal-black butt cheeks and listened to
screams that could only be emitted from a young girl who was being raped by a
rigid, huge thick penis. One at a
time the guards ejaculated deep inside Tracys
tight 16-year-old ass, moaning aloud as they orgasmed.
With each deep, pounding thrust Tracy
cried out in helplessness. As she did, Warden Anne Bowden was making a final, pre-execution visit
to the beautiful condemned prisoner Sara Stahler.

&nbsp;



Note to fans of Jill Croketts &quot;Execution of the
Terrorist Housewives&quot;:

Dear Reader,

This installment of the 13th chapter should move &quot;Execution
of the Terrorist Housewives&quot; into the top 20 overall stories category on
the BDSM Library site. 

Being listed as one of the top 20 stories from among the
thousands of excellent stories posted on this site gives me great satisfaction,
and I thank you, the reader, for your loyal readership and support. 

I would like my readers to known that I have no formal training
as a writer, but am simply an unschooled amateur who dares to walk in the dark with
her pen. I am a divorced, bisexually
curious, late-forty-something, Southern California
working woman who, having successfully raised my two now adult children, genuinely
enjoys bringing unknown others satisfaction by exploring the dark corners of my
imagination. 

I enjoy hearing that others enjoy my work and I sincerely
appreciate being made aware of that enjoyment through your many e-mails. I must admit that I write with a desire to please
a male audience, but that said, I am curious to know if any other middle-aged
females share an interest in my storyline.
If so, Id like to hear from you.
I welcome your comments at jcrokett@yahoo.com
.

Be looking out for Chapter
14, which should post next week. I
believe it is my most exciting chapter yet.

&nbsp;














Chapter 12   Execution of the Terrorist Housewives




 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  6
  2006-05-28T15:17:00Z
  2006-05-28T15:17:00Z
  1
  3398
  19374
  Home
  161
  45
  22727
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   {14AC40BB-21B8-4DDB-8F5A-6A71F55CC388}
   63086136
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Chapter 14 Execution of the Terrorist
Housewives

by Jill
Crokett



Execution of
the Terrorist Housewives Chapter Fourteen by Jill Crokett
Copyright 2006. This story is fiction. All names are completely
fictitious and any resemblance to a real person is coincidental and no
association is intended. This story may not be copied or posted elsewhere. Reading
by persons under 18 years of age is prohibited. 

&nbsp;



 &quot;Sara&quot;
the warden ordered as the cell door rolled back, &quot;step out into the
hallway and assume the posture.&quot; Sara knew she was approaching by the
characteristic click-click of Anne Bowdens stylish suede pumps which could
be heard from far down the barren, stark white, fluorescent lit hallway. Throughout
the facility the sound of her shoes was a tonal euphemism for approaching
authority. 

The female warden had arrived outside Sara Stahlers cell just
minutes after leaving young Tracy
in the hands of seven loin aching, lust hungry black guards who were, at that
very moment Anne thought, already raping the little bitch in every orifice.

The beautiful, completely naked 33-year-old mom and housewife
obediently stepped out of her cell under the watchful gaze of several white
male guards who accompanied the warden. She faced the warden and immediately raised
her arms overhead in the assigned posture of submission when ordered to do so.
Anne Bowden stepped back and said nothing for an uncomfortable moment, allowing
her men to take in an eyeful of the attractive, surrendering female. 

&quot;Sara, it is my duty to inform you that today has been set
as your execution date. In less than four hours you and Tracy Howell are to be
put to death. 

With those words Sara obediently tried to keep her arms as her face
crumpled at the cruel pronouncement. Tears immediately welled in her eyes at
the thought of never seeing her son again.

Diane Howell wont be put to death till tomorrow. Her protocol is different than yours and
Tracys the warden added without emotion.

&quot;H-H-H-ow?,
how will, will it be done ma'am?&quot; Sara asked in a meek, slightly quivering,
almost tearful voice. Rumors were running rampant, not only in the prison but
across the country, regarding the warden's chosen method of death for the three
infamous female terrorists, and Sara knew it, having heard guards whispering.

&quot;I cannot disclose your method of execution at this time, Mrs.
Stahler, but a full disclosure will be made to you, in advance, before you are
brought into the death chamber.

Sara knew hauntingly well that the wardens answer was an
evasive one. 

All I can tell you at this time is that we are here to take you
down the hall and prepare you for your execution, which will take place in
roughly four hours&quot; Warden Bowden stated in a monotone, business-like
manner. 

But I can tell you that you will definitely not be bull-whipped before being put to
death, as is often done in serious cases before a death sentence is carried
out.

Sara, clearly relieved, was given no explanation for this sudden
display of leniency. 

I have some other good news for you, too, Mrs. Stahler Bowden said
using a pleasant tone of voice she rarely invoked, To my surprise, authorities
have partially granted your request for a final visit with your family. 

Partial? Sara replied with a tone of slight confusion. 

They have allowed you a brief final visit with your parents. I
don't mind telling you that they overruled my recommendation against it.
Death-house visits always place extra stress on my staff&quot; she added,
glancing at her guards.

Sara, her arms still raised submissively overhead, said
&quot;You, you mean ma'am, I, I cant I see my son? I cant see my little boy one last time,
like, like I requested?&quot;

Warden Bowden only answered Sara with a slightly sympathetic smile,
then added with gently raised eyebrows Im sure you would agree that the
death-house is no place for a young child, but, but you do wish to see your
parents, dont you Sara? 

Oh, yes, yes maam I do Sara Stahler
replied with disappointment in her tone of voice. 

More than any other condemned man or woman she had ever dealt
with, Sara Stahler had caught Annes attention, but not
out of sympathy or compassion, but simply out of admiration for Saras classic British-princess-like
beauty. Every time she looked at her, Anne Bowden ached for the moment when she
would hear the lovely Mrs. Stahler scream unintelligible babble, pleading for
her life. Anne was inclined to favor witnessing the executions of a spread-eagled, muscular young rapists, savoring the
sight of them crying like babies as they were bullwhipped and slowly castrated
before a gallery of feminists. Now this creamy-skinned 33-year-old mom had her
thinking otherwise. 

The visit with your parents was conditionally granted, Mrs.
Stahler, contingent on your full cooperation with the preparations that will
begin in just a few minutes. Any
problems with your prep and I have the authority to cancel the visit. 

No maam, Ill, Ill cooperate fully Sara interjected. 

Your parents are already here waiting to see you. I believe they flew into Las
  Vegas last night, then drove up
to the compound earlier this morning. But I must warn you Sara, if you agree to
see them, it will be one at a time only, and even then you will be securely shackled
and handcuffed for security reasons. Do
you understand?&quot; 

Sara, clearly disappointed in knowing that her loved ones final
memory of her would be of a chained prisoner, nodded affirmatively. 

&quot;Ill send them in one at a time, and youll get only ten minutes
with each. Just remember, if youre the least bit uncooperative, the visitation
is off. Understand? 

&quot;Yes ma'am, I'll, I'll cooperate fully, I promise&quot;
Sara replied.

As if jumping at the promise, Warden Bowden quipped &quot;Sara,
these guards are now going to take you to a preparation room down the hall where
you'll be given a crew cut, then shaved, your entire body, from the neck down,
one last time. You will also be given an
enema and a final shower. If you cooperate, and the guards don't have to
restrain you, youll get too see your folks in about an hour.&quot; 



For a brief moment Sara actually
felt happy for the first time in months. She smiled a thanks at the female warden
as guards led her away down the hall. Within minutes she stood obediently in
the middle of the execution preparation room, naked, her arms raised in
surrender as female execution technicians swarmed around her. As part of her cooperation agreement with
Anne Bowden, she was not handcuffed or restrained, but stood stoically submissive
as she was attended to by the white-uniformed women. 

The technicians proceeded to shave
Saras entire person from the neck down. Two technicians worked Saras legs and
underarms, while another pair removed even the fine hairs of her arms, shaving
them smooth all the way up to the wrist.
Sara wondered if possibly she was to be electrocuted, as she had heard
that hair was removed before electrocutions so that it would not burn. Even the ultra-fine hairs on her chest, tits,
back, and buttocks were carefully shaved smooth without a trace. 

After 20 minutes of standing with
her arms held high, Sara was relieved to be moved to a short examination table where
she was ordered to lie down on her back and spread her legs high and wide with
her bottom slightly off the end of the table. She did so obediently, holding her
legs in position, as there were no stirrups. In this position Sara was given an
enema and her pussy was carefully shaved yet again, even though it was still
bare from the last shaving just days earlier. 

Once she was completely smooth
from the neck down, Sara was ordered to sit on a small wooden stool that had
been placed in the center of the room. She
cringed as she heard the crisp buzz of electric clippers being switched on
behind her. &quot;Certainly I'm going to the electric chair&quot; she thought
as a technician slowly began to plow the vibrating clippers, back to front, the
length of her scalp. 

There was no mirror for her to
see, but Sara could feel clumps of thick blonde hair falling on her shoulders with
each pass of the clippers. She tearfully glanced down as a clump of beautiful, shiny
blonde hair plopped onto her lap, artfully covering her bald pussy in faux
modesty. The technician did not stop until the beautiful blond had the haircut
of a Marine recruit; not shaved, but eerily short for an attractive young woman. Her eyebrows were left untouched. 

With her blond hair boyishly
short, Sara was led into another room where she was showered and scrubbed by several
female technicians wearing long rubber aprons. Her nipples instantly turned
bullet hard as the first blast of cold water hit her. Sara stood still under the
cold downpour, her hands obediently folded atop her stubbly new hairstyle as strange
hands groped and scrubbed every crack and fold. One of the women ordered her to
spread her legs and she obeyed, assuming a stance that opened the crack of her
butt cheeks. Sara felt a surgically
gloved hand reach up between her legs from behind and scrub her bare pussy lips
with a soapy washcloth. The hand did not stop at making a cursory pass over the
external organ, but rather worked and probed for nearly a minute. Sara wondered if it were the last time
another human would touch her there. Once finished with her genitalia, the tech
re-soaped the cloth and continued scrubbing the crack of her ass as another
rubber-apron clad woman impersonally soaped and scrubbed Saras firm B-cup
tits. 

Once every inch of Sara's skin
was scrubbed clean, one of the technicians picked up a garden hose and rinsed her
off thoroughly from head to toe with cool water. Despite the blast of the water
Sara did not move, stoically holding her stance in the hope of seeing her parents
again. Throughout the long, humiliating shower Saras only thought was that, if
she obeyed, very soon she would see them, refusing to consider that it would be
their last meeting.

Once the technicians had towel
dried Sara, several male guards handcuffed her hands behind her back and
attached walking shackles to her ankles.
She was quickly shuffled down the hall and escorted into a small empty, windowless
room. The only objects in the room were
two steel posts which where firmly bolted in place, about four feet apart from
one another, at the center of the room.
The posts ran floor-to-ceiling.
Steel attachment rings were securely in place near the top and bottom of
each post. The guards, without speaking,
quickly positioned Sara spread eagled in an X fashion an attached her to the
posts. They then quickly exited the room without saying a word. As the last exiting
guard moved to close the steel gray door behind him, he said Your visitors
will be in a moment.

&quot;No, nnnooooo!&quot;
Sara screamed at the top of her lungs, &quot;No, no they can see me like this,
please, please pleeease don't dont do this not my
mom and dad, please&quot; Sara hung her head and broke down in a deep sob like
never before. Stripped naked, body-shaved, and spread-eagle before her parents;
it would be the ultimate humiliation.
She wanted to see them, but not like this. It was more than she could stand. Sara also
realized that, because she was not free to move her arms or legs, there would
be no final hug, not even the handshake. 

&quot;Please&quot; she screamed,
echoing into the silent, empty room, please give me a
towel or drape or something, please, before they come in!&quot; Her pleading
was answered only by silence. Sara hung her head and cried as she imagined her parents
final memory of their condemned daughter spread naked before them. She sighed a deep breath at the thought of her own father seeing
her this way as he shared a final, awkward goodbye with his adult daughter. Sara's deepest wish had been to see her little
boy and her parents one last time, but now even her partially granted wish was
to be dipped in total humiliation. 

The two late-middle-aged
visitors stood and waited in a short hallway next to a bank of windowless
interior doors. Sara's father was a gaunt, shaken man of 60 who had certainly
aged a decade in the last 18 months. He wore an off-the-rack blue pinstriped
suit which appeared out of place in the heat of the Nevada
desert. He walked with the slight shuffle of a broken man. At 57, Sara's mother was still quite attractive.
Her graying hair was flawlessly colored to a near perfect strawberry blond, matching
its original color. She was about the same height and build
as her daughter, and was in remarkably good physical shape for her age. She wore
an elegantly simple, yellow short-sleeved knee-length Summer
shift with matching heeled sandals. She would not have been out of place at an
outdoor Summer cocktail party.

Warden Anne Bowden, accompanied
by Jason and three male guards, approached the couple as they waited in the
empty hallway. Without any pleasantries she informed them that they would have
to be physically searched before being allowed into the death-house for a final
visit with their daughter. Hearing the
words death-house and your daughter and roll matter-of-factly off of the
wardens tongue in the same sentence caused the sad-looking couple to glance
down at the floor, dejected. They did not speak, but simply nodded their
willingness to cooperate.

Two of the guards led Saras
father into one doorway while the warden, Jason, and the third guard escorted
Sara's mother into another. Behind the
door was a booth, no bigger than a walk-in closet. As the four adults momentarily stood still in
the uncomfortably small space, Jason watched as Anne Bowden and the woman silently
held eye contact. His heart raced as he stood so close to the late middle-aged
woman he could almost feel her breath. Without a word the warden walked around
Saras mother and reached up to grasp the collar of her dress with her
fingertips. Jason stared and watched the womans face turn anxious as she felt the
wardens fingers touch the back of her collar.

&quot;I'm sorry ma'am Anne
Bowden whispered, its standard procedure for all
visitors of the condemned. Were going
to do a full search. If you refuse, the
visit with your daughter will be canceled.&quot;

Jason's heart pounded as he
watched the older womans face crumple. Tears welled in her eyes but she remained
stoically silent. At that moment and
Jason could see a resemblance of Sara in her face. He watched as the warden, standing
behind her, used both hands to carefully unhook the tiny clasp on the woman's collar.
Then using one hand to hold the collar,
she squeezed the tiny zipper clasp and slowly drew it down to the woman's
buttocks. The zipping sound seemed to shatter the uncomfortable silence of the
tiny booth. At the sound of the zipper,
Jason felt his cock swell with blood. It was soon so hard he was afraid Warden Bowden
would notice. He hoped it wouldnt drip against his underwear, causing a
visible wet spot. Jason felt his face blush with embarrassment in front of the
two mature women. Through all the
tortures and punishments he had witnessed during his internship that year, he
had never felt as sexually excited as he did at that moment. He had a hard-on
that wouldnt quit.

With the dress unzipped to the
womans butt cheeks, Warden Bowden spread it so that it would fall off her
shoulders. It hung up on her hips as it fell to the floor, exposing a
modestly-cut, b-cup white bra. Anne bent down and gently tugged the dress over her
hips. With the second tug it plopped to the
floor, exposing the grandmothers full-cut white panties and high, flesh
colored hose. 

Jason Warden Bowden requested in an almost
whispering, uncharacteristically feminine voice, Would you frisk her please. She phrased it as an order, not a request. Upon
hearing those words, Jason felt as if his cock would explode in the dead
silence in the small strip-search booth. The young college intern nervously reached
forward and lightly cupped his hand over the crotch of the womans panties and,
very gently, slowly ran his finger tips over the crotch of her underpants.
Jason could feel her curly pubes and puffy pussy lips through the thin cloth. He
took a long, slow, deep breath as he stared in the womans eyes. His tactile
sense helped him visualize her feminine lips and the soft, fine curls of her pubic
mound. At that moment Jason heard the crisp snap of a bra strap is Warden
Bowden, still standing close behind the woman, unhooked her bra. Tears welled
in the 57-year-old eyes when the warden slipped the bra straps off her
shoulders, baring small but remarkably firm tits with hard, erect nipples and swollen,
bumpy areolas. 

Jason slowly moved his hands upward
and felt the woman's breasts. He continued to stare in her eyes as he gently
squeezed the tits of this woman who was about the same age, or slightly older,
than his own mother. His fingertips lightly twisted the erect of her nipples
through the bra. Sara's mother reached to cover her breasts. At the moment she did the warden ordered her
to raise her hands above her head. She
reluctantly complied. As
she did, and Bowden looked around her shoulder and Jason and ordered &quot;The
panties, Jason.&quot;

The young intern thought his
cock would explode at hearing the words.
He wondered how far the search of this Non-inmate, this visitor, would
go. He knew that Warden Bowden was the
supreme authority inside the walls of the facility, and her word was law.

Jasons young hands then slid
down and moved around the back of the woman's panties, sliding up over the
cheeks. He slid his fingertips under the elastic waistband and then, crouching
low, almost kneeling, slowly pull the woman's panties off her butt cheeks, then
spread the waistband to clear her hips before taking them to her ankles. Warden Bowden immediately ordered the woman
to step out of them. She complied one
leg at a time, though now her tears were a soft, audible cry. As Jason pulled
them away, he glanced up to see a thinning, grayish-red pubic bush. It was
neatly trimmed except for the lips themselves, which were shaved clean from the
top of the crack downward. Jason was so
close he could kiss it. 

Jason stood up and stepped back,
as much as he could in the small booth anyway, as Warden Bowden pulled a pair of
medical examining gloves on with a sharp snap which caused the woman to jump
slightly at the sound. Her arms were still overhead as Jason gazed and wondered
what was next. She was exactly twice his age, he thought, yet he wanted so
badly to frisk her again, to feel her buttocks once more as he stared into her frightened
eyes.

Without any emotion in her voice
Warden Bowden ordered the woman to stand with her legs apart, slightly bent her
knees, and bend over and touch the floor.
At the command the woman began to sob aloud. 

&quot;It is this really
necessary, Warden, especially in front of these young men?&quot; she pleaded in
a timid, tearful voice. 

I need them here for my own
security, maam, now spread and touch your toes or Ill have you ejected
Bowden replied as the woman reluctantly assumed a position not unlike the Center
in an American football formation. Jason's loins ached to fuck the woman doggy
style right then and there. &quot;I need
to do an internal examine on you ma'am, this is an extremely high security
situation&quot; Bowden added without a motion. Sara Stahler's mother only
cried, but did not resist or protest, when the warden spread her pussy lips and
began to examine the inside of her vagina with lightly lubricated gloves. Performed in front of two males, one who had
just groped her tits and pussy, it was the ultimate humiliation. When she was
finished the woman was ordered to dress, but not before her clothing itself was
searched. The warden's final instructions to her were that her and her husband
would see their daughter one at a time, for 10 minutes each, and she would go
in first. She would not see her husband again until they both had finished with
their visitation.

&nbsp;



Sara heard small buzzer sound the moment before her mother stepped
into the small, empty visitation room. Saras
mother broke down and sobbed aloud at the totally humiliating and wrenchingly
emotional display of her naked daughter spread eagled and suspended from chains. Sara felt ashamed too, but more so she felt set
up for this by Warden Bowden. She now
knew the visitation was only a final cruel hoax to extract one more
dehumanizing emotion from her psyche. 



Her mother, still crying, told
Sara that she had been stripped search.
Sara said nothing, but her silence spoke 1000 words of despair. Her
mother saw the belt marks on Sara's bare thigh but said nothing. Seeing her daughter naked and humiliated was
one thing, but knowing she had been repeatedly strapped with a belt was more
than she could bare. She froze, unable to speak.
Minutes passed in silence as Saras mother only wish she had never come. She
knew it would be bad, but she never could have imagined this nightmare. 

------------------------------------------------

Sara heard the buzzer and steel
door latch turn. She hoped it was a guard bringing her a towel to cover herself
as she had requested. She was shocked when father, alone, entered the visitation
room. &quot;No, no daddy, oh God Daddy Im so sorry&quot; Sara cried. Her father was equally shocked to find his
daughter chained spread-eagle and completely naked, her body shaved and her
beautiful, beautiful blonde hair clipped like a Marine. Sara could only hang her head and sob. As much as her father loved Sara and
sympathized with her, his eyes were magnetically drawn to her bald, spread
pussy. Sara, totally humiliated, could
not look him in the eye. The shock and
seeing his beautiful 33-year-old daughter completely naked and totally shaved bare of pubic hair stirred the deepest sexually emotions,
emotions he had not felt in years.
Sara's father could not help but stare his daughters tiny clit hood perching
through from between her bald crack. 

After a long silence he said
&quot;Sara, we only have a few more minutes, can I kiss you goodbye?&quot;

Sara shook her head yes through
her tears. Her father took his hands and gently place
them around his daughter's neck and kissed her full on the lips. As he held her head Sara only shook with sobs
at this, surely her last, final kiss in life.
Then, somehow uncontrollably, her sixty-year-old father reached down and
gently touched, with two fingers, the spread inner lips of her labia
minora. Sara's eyes bulged but she said
nothing, her heart beating heavy with shock.
Her father then kissed her again on the mouth and began to gentle rub
her clit. Her head pulling from the kiss
she pleaded &quot;No Daddy, Daddy please don't do
this, please.&quot; She could smell
alcohol on his breath.
















Chapter 15  Execution of the Terrorist Housewives






 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-09-04T14:08:00Z
  2006-09-04T14:08:00Z
  1
  2676
  15258
  Home
  127
  35
  17899
  10.2625
 

 
  Print
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   {34989E74-F1CF-46F9-A3F1-862348BFCC35}
   33790064
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Chapter 15 Execution of the Terrorist
Housewives

by
Jill Crokett

Sara's father held the thin upper edges
of her inner labia apart with two fingers while his middle finger of the same
hand gently rubbed circular motions around her clit. She strained to turn away
as he, smelling of alcohol, kissed her straight on the mouth, then moved down
to kiss her soft neck before settling on his daughters spread-flat left breast,
sucking its erect nipple deep into his mouth as if he were a hungry babe. 

Realizing she was beyond feeling shame,
Sara released herself both physically and emotionally into his hands, hoping she
might experience one last moment of pleasure in life. As her father's finger lightly circled her slippery,
rigid clit, and his lips alternately sucked both of her tits, the housewife and
mother submitted to her own father's advances.
Sara moaned as she came, enunciating the words oh daddy as she shuttered
in orgasm. A wet ejaculate drenched his fingers as she came.

Sara's fathers loins screamed to
fuck her. With his free hand he reached
down and unbuckled his trousers, then pulled out he old, rigid cock and
positioned himself to enter her. He had known that he just had to fuck his 33-year-old
daughter the moment he entered to small visitation room and saw her naked and defenselessly
strung up spread-eagled. As the
sixty-year-old slid his rigid cock into his daughters dripping vagina, Sara
did not gasp, but offered a faux resistance, whispering &quot;Please daddy,
please don't do this, please, please Daddy, not that, please, please Daddy
dont.&quot; 

With each dont Sara breathed on him, his excitement grew,
swelling his rigid vertical pole to the bursting point. As she pleaded in shame
and humiliation he grasped his daughters bare butt cheeks with both hands and
slammed his steely venous member deep inside her. Sara moaned aloud as she was taken. Fucking his helplessly spread daughter in the
upright position, he was unaware that his wife of 36 years had just been
stripped naked and fingered by both Jason and Warden Bowden in another room
down the hall. He would never know that
fact because Sara's mother would be too ashamed to tell him. And of course he
would never tell his wife that, as a final act, he had raped their only
daughter.

Sara Stahler's mother, still shocked by the trauma of her
final visit with the girl she had given birth to 33 years earlier, was weeping
uncontrollably as she left the facility. Her husband pretended to comfort her, his
arm around her as they walked to the prison shuttle bus which would transport
them back to the Las Vegas Airport. 

&quot;Why did they have to do that to her?&quot; she asked
Saras father repeatedly. &quot;Why? 

Why did they have to tie her up like that, why did they
have to strip her before we could see her?

Why was she shaved bare? What was that for? Those bastards!
Those bastards, why did they do that to our girl?&quot;



Saras father kept silent, faking
concern, all to well knowing that he was the biggest bastard. He remained silent, hanging his head he pleasured
his mind with the image his daughters bald girl-lips spread before him, her
hard tits against his chest as she moaned.






The gallery bleachers were packed with over four hundred
witnesses, most chosen by a special lottery of applicants. A rumbling mumble of background chatter
filled the small indoor stadium as the gallery, mostly married couples, waited
patiently as they nervously whispered among themselves. Back in their cells, the three condemned
female prisoners were being ordered to dress in Speedo-type swimsuits. 

Sara Stahler was ordered to put on a skintight one-piece dark
blue swimsuit. In another cell, Tracy
Howell and Diane Howell were given the courtesy of a final goodbye visit, which
even allow them a brief, tear-filled hug.
The naked mother and daughter held each other tight and exchanged
expressions of love before being told to stand at attention with their hands
overhead. Each had been given a final
enema, was showered, and had the shadow of growth on her pussy shaved bare one
final time. The mother and daughter were then ordered to put on matching dark
blue one-piece bathing suits, the style which female lifeguards traditionally wore.
16-year-old Tracys hair was prepped for execution with a short boyish cut, but
her head was not buzzed military style as Saras had been. Her mother Diane would be allowed to go to
her execution with her stylish high-off-the-shoulder Princess-Diana-style
hairdo. 

The murmuring of
the gallery fell instantly silent as the doors at the opposing end of the auditorium
suddenly swung open with a distant clang.
At that very moment the overhead lights dimmed, throwing the bleachers
into darkness, leaving only an area at the center of the gymnasium floor
brightly lit with floodlights. The audience
was stone silent with anticipation. This
was the very moment these privileged citizenry had long awaited. 

The roughly equal
mix of men and women in the witness gallery stared intently as three barefoot females,
dressed only in matching blue swimsuits, were led abreast through wide double
doors into the gymnasium, escorted in by a special unit of all-female guards. The
swimsuit-clad prisoners stood out dramatically next to the crisply pressed black
and white uniforms of the guards. The condemned were not handcuffed, but had
been allowed to walk in with their arms comfortably at their sides for one last
time. 

The audience
could see that all three were breathing deeply, their chests raising and lowering
beneath the skintight blue swimsuits.
The swimsuits were thin and unlined, and in the chill of the air
conditioned auditorium the outline of the women's erect nipples were
visible. As they were led into the
floodlight area, the form-fitting swimwear also revealed the mounds of their
vulvas, and even the short, girl-like slits of their shaved pussies through the
cloth. Nothing was said for several
minutes as the witnesses gawked in anticipatory silence. 

Karen and Bill
Schnell sat in the witness gallery and silently stared along with the other
couples. This was the moment Karen had
waited for, the moment that she would manifest the demise of her son's
killers. Karen was excited to the point
of being nervous, and her mind buzzed with anticipation.

How will they die? Slowly?
Will it be brutal? Will it be
slow? she wondered.

Will these women
be stripped naked for their execution?

Will they beg
for mercy? Will they cry? Will they scream?

How will I
react? How will Bill? Will it excite him? Will he want to fuck me as soon as we get
back to our room? 

Images flooded
Karens mind. She wondered how much the
process would excite Bill who, having not made love to her since their son's
tragic murder, had been fucking her hard twice a day since they had witnessed
their first execution a week earlier.
Karen's pussy was already wet just from seeing the three women marched
in wearing only swimsuits, and she hoped the sight would also stir her
husband's loins. 

Bill Schnell had
his own thoughts too. He wondered if the proceedings would send Karens libido
over the top, permanently propelling her into the wild submissive she seemed to
be evolving into since arriving in Nevada. Since watching their first execution
at the facility earlier in the week, his wife Karen had sexually opened up, kneeling
and asking permission to lick Bills asshole, begging for the privilege to deep-throat
him and swallow his load, pleading for him to fuck her hard in every hole. It had been more exciting for him than their
honeymoon. 

Another tense, uncomfortably
silent minute pasted during which time the audience gazed with fixed stares at
the three scantily dressed condemned females. The condemned breathed heavily,
their eyes squinting in the spotlights as they scanned the darkened witness
gallery. Tracey could clearly make out a properly dressed middle-aged couple in
the front row. The woman wore a knee-length dress suit and sat with her legs
tightly crossed. Diane stared in silence at a younger couple and wondered if
they had ever had children. Sara peered over and spotted a couple that reminded
her of her parents. In turn the couples stared back at three female forms in
dark blue bathing suits, each with a different body type; Tracey the petite
flat chested teenager, Sara the pert, toned young mother, and Diane the
attractive yet mature mom with full, hanging breasts and wide, pear-like hips
and bottom. 

Warden Anne
Bowden broke the uncomfortable silence when she stepped into the spotlight and politely
introduced herself to the witness gallery. 

&quot;Ladies
and gentlemen, the three females standing before us here today have each been
sentenced in a court of law to be punished physically before being put to death
here today for their cooperation in the most unspeakable crime of this century,
a crime which took the lives of many hundreds and hundreds of innocent men, women
and children, a crime which took the lives of husbands and wives, sons and
daughters, and crushed the spirit of many more who survive. 

As Warden
Bowden spoke the hundreds of witnesses, many of whom had paid witness gallery
lottery winners a quarter-of-a-million dollars apiece for the privilege of acquiring
their witness entry permit on the secondary market, leaned forward and intently
listen to her every word. Some of the men in the gallery had grow erect
immediately upon seeing the three barefoot condemned females led into the
gymnasium. A number of their wives vaginas were already dripping with
lubrication as their attention now hung on the wardens every word. As Bowden spoke, around the world, several
million upper middle class types had paid the unheard of sum of fifteen
thousand dollars each for the privilege of watching a special closed circuit broadcast
of the proceedings, which had been marketed as Execution of the Terrorist
Housewives, even though Tracey was an unmarried teen, and her mom was divorced. But it sold in the ultra-premium pay-per-view
market, and the governments take from their royalty fee alone was helping fund
the entire Federal prison program. 

Bowden
continued These three condemned women have already undergone several corporal punishments
in the past 10 days. Two have been strapped
with the belt, and the third received the bullwhip. With full judicial approval, the two younger
females have been raped. Each of the
three has undergone a rapid false pregnancy with fully simulated vaginal
delivery. You, Ladies and Gentlemen, will now witness their final punishment
and death.&quot;

With those
words Tracy glanced in terror at her mother, and both began to cry
aloud softly.

&quot;The court
has ordered that, following their physical punishments, these three women are
to be put to death, and their vital organs are to be harvested for
transplantation. The court has left it
up to me, as the warden of this Federal facility, to determine the exact methods
of punishment and death, as well as the order in which they will be put to
death. 

Turning to the
three women, but speaking clearly into a small microphone so that the audience
could still hear her, the Warden coolly and abruptly announced &quot;Sara Stahler, you will be put to death first,
in about thirty minutes. Before being executed you will be whipped with a belt,
and your nipples will be crushed. 

After everything
the three had already been through, it sounded rather anticlimactic, but that
changed when the warden added Sara, your method of death is live surgical removal
of your vulva, its associated external tissues, and its attached internal
organs. 

As the meaning
of the words sunk in, Saras face immediately curled up in an agonizingly
desperate plead for mercy, but she remained silent. Every witness stared alternately
at her face and then at the crotch of the 33-year-old moms dark blue skintight
swimsuit. 

Turning to the
youngest of the three, the warden said &quot;Tracy Howell, you'll be executed
second, but first youll receive the belt again. As your method of death, your
entire body, including your labia, breasts and buttocks, will be skinned alive. Before the shocking reality of what she had
just said had time to sink in, she quickly added And your mother will be
forced to witness your execution.

&quot;No, noooo&quot; screamed Diane Howell, her full figured breasts
juggling within the confines of the snug one-piece swimsuit. As she screamed she attempted to reach
forward daughter, but two guards firmly grabbed her arms and pulled her back.
As they did, Diane fell to her knees as if begging, slowly shaking her head
while sobbingly mouthing the words no, no over and over again.

Once Diane was
pulled to her feet, the warden added &quot;Diane Howell, you will be executed
last so that you might first witness the full measure of the governments
resolve. Before you are put to death, Mrs. Howell, you will suffer a bare
bottom paddling with a smooth hardwood paddle one hundred times, and each of
your breasts will individually receive the leather strap one hundred times, followed
by a labial strapping of your vulva one hundred times.

Without
mentioning Dianes method of death, the warden added Mrs. Howell, I am
prepared to offer your daughter Tracey leniency, but only if you are willing to
cooperate with you own punishment.

Diane looked up
at Warden Bowden, puzzled.

Diane, if you are
willing to cooperate fully during your punitive punishments, I am willing to
execute your daughter humanely, by lethal injection, rather that have her
skinned alive, and she would be spared any harsh punitive punishment before her
death.

Diane Howell
was dumbfounded as she absorbed the wardens offer.

Well Mrs.
Howell, would you be willing to cooperate? the warden prompted.

Oh, oh yes
maam, yes, please, please yes, warden, Ill cooperate. Please, please dont
hurt her, please let me cooperate Diane, though somewhat confused, stammered with
tears running down her cheeks.

Alright then,
Mrs. Howell, so you will agree to cooperate fully, to obey every command during
your punishment, and we will not need to restrain you?

No, no maam
warden, not at all.

You will obey
every command?

Yes maam

Well see the
warden mumbled to herself sarcastically, continuing aloud Alright then Ladies
and Gentlemen, we will first proceed fully with Mrs. Stahler,
then once she has been dispatched, we will move on to Mrs. Howells punitive
punishments before her daughter Tracey is dealt with. 

The warden
added Then we will switch back to dispatch Mrs. Howell as our final act
today. Her voice sounded eerily matter-of-fact, as if it were all part of a
days work. Still, she gave no hint of
what Dianes actual method of execution would be. Would she get what had been
scheduled for her daughter? Karen Schnell and several of the other witnesses
wonder to themselves.

The nervous
silence was broken only by the sound of a strange looking black leather medical
examination bench being carried onto the concrete floor and positioned at a
designated spot under the lights by four huge, muscular men in dressed only in
black leather pants. Loud metallic
snapping sounds were heard as the bench was locked down into a hydraulic pillar
which had slowly risen from the floor. The men quickly worked to positioned the
execution table just behind a shallow floor drain. 

Sara recognized
to bench as the same type used to execute the 53-year-old woman who had
poisoned her two husbands. Tears ran down her cheeks as she recalled the
womans pleadings.

Hairs stood on
end throughout the gallery when the warden announce Mrs. Sara Stahler, step forward, face the gallery, and remove your bathing
suit.

Sara obeyed.
There was nothing else to do. As she slipped the swimsuit off her shoulders and
bent to pull it down to her knees, her mind flashed back to her childhood, when
her father made her pull her panties down for a spanking, when her mother had
made her pull them down for the doctor, and when she had first stood and
stripped in front of her husband. A flash of his face raced through her mind. Had
he loved me? she wondered. Had anyone
loved me? Dr. Wexler had said her cared
for her, surely, he wouldnt make her suffer she thought.

The four executioners
in leather pants stood around Sara, forming a wide circle so as not to obstruct
the gallerys view. One of the men held
two pairs of pliers in his hand.

Hands behind
your head, Sara Warden Bowden ordered.

Weeping in
resignation, Sara reached behind her head for the last time in her life as millions
of privileged viewers watched around the world.

The piercing scream
made Tracey wet herself as Sara fell to her knees under the crushing sting of
the pliers which griped her nipples. The executioner crushed both of her
nipples at the same time, twisting them as they were squished flat by the cruel
hand tool. Sara reflexively tried to cover her tits, only to have her hands quickly
grabbed and held behind her by one of the muscular shirtless men. The executioner pulled her nipples as far out
from her chest as he could, lifting them skyward as he twisted.

After the brief
but brutal tit crushing, Sara was suspended by her ankles with overhead cables
and the executioners belt flashed across her butt relentlessly as she twisted
and screamed. There was no counting as
her bare bottom was reduced to one solid red and purple welt. When Tracey tried
to cover her ears and look away, the warden walked up and slapped her squarely
across the face, forcing her to watch the torture. Saras hands attempted to
cover her bottom, but were pulled away.
As she hung upside down her butt was strapped to a swollen blister as
she cried and pleaded for mercy. There would be none. Her bottom a blister, a
fresh executioner took the strap and began to weld it across her small breasts.
Through it all, Saras bald pussy was left untouched.














Chapter 15  Execution of the Terrorist Housewives

 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-09-09T15:06:00Z
  2006-09-09T15:06:00Z
  1
  2678
  15270
  Home
  127
  35
  17913
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   {E784E375-20F0-4440-90C6-23C27CB81A51}
   33790064
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Chapter 16
Execution of the
Terrorist Housewives

by Jill
Crokett

&nbsp;

Saras
pleadings fell intermittently silent due to her short, heaving gasps for breath
as she hung upside down from her ankles, held slightly open by a narrow spreader
bar. After her severe butt and tit strappings
of about a hundred strokes each, the mom was momentarily left suspended from
her ankles so that the gallery might observe her shaking and sobbing from the relentless
public whipping she had just received. Karen and Bill Schnell stared as tears
streamed down Mrs. Stahlers inverted face, dripping
off her forehead. 

The
naked 33-year-old was taken down from her ankle suspension by a half-dozen uniformed
personnel and carried over to the device which looked like a doctor's examination
table, except that it was a bit shorter and narrower, had no stirrups, and had
been attached earlier to what looked like a hydraulic column rising from the
concrete floor. 

At
the execution table the guards handed the still hysterically sobbing
woman over to the four muscular,
shaved headed executioners in leather pants. 

No,
no, please, please just, just kill me, please dont do this she ranted in
desperation. Saras pleadings echoed
through the chamber as the silent executioners laid her back down against the
edge of the black leather table so that her whipped butt was off the edge, then
they began to check the tightness of the leather harnesses which had been
previously securely to each of her ankles. The harnesses went from her mid calf
down to and around her ankles. The men also
added and tightly secured leather wrist restraints to each of her forearms. 

The
straps securely in place, the men let Sara sit up unrestrained for a moment on
the edge of the table and face the gallery one last time. All eyes stared at the crew-cut-headed mom,
anticipating her fate. Their was no sympathy as Sara Stahler
tearily mouthed the words &quot;please no, please no&quot;
repeatedly in a hopeless plea for mercy.


As
if to mock Sara's call for leniency, Warden Anne Bowden stepped back into the
spotlight and matter-of-factly announced &quot;Mrs. Sara Stahler
will now have her vagina removed without anesthesia.&quot; She then casually walked back into the
darkness.

The
four executioners lifted Sara by her arms and legs and laid her on her back on the
short black table. She was positioned so
that her buttocks hung completely off of the end. Her wrists were secured
straight up over her head to a metal bracket which protruded from the head end
of the execution bench. This positioning stretched her severely strap-marked tits
almost flat. Leather straps were affixed
to secure her shoulders firmly down to each upper corner of the bench. A belt from under the table was passed over
her chest, just below her crushed nipples, and tightened down snugly. Once the young mother's upper body was
completely restrained, an executioner attached a headrest to the bench and
adjusted it, lifting Sara's head up from the table and forcing her to look down
toward her legs. 

A
television camera on a moving overhead boom pulled focus on Sara's face. The image of the crying moms face was
displayed for the witnesses on a huge, flat screen monitor which
had been lowered from the darkness of the ceiling overhead. Karen Schnell glanced up and stared into the
eyes of who she believed was her sons killer, a killer she gleefully knew was about
to be executed. 

Two
huge executioners each grabbed one of Sara's legs and adducted them up to her
chest. They then spread her thighs wide
open as the audience stared at the smooth feminine crack splayed before them. Once the men had stretched Sara's knees up and
open as far as they could go, they began securely strapping each knee to the
sides of the bench, near her underarms, using large leather cuffs. The bottoms of Sara's feet pointed up at the
ceiling, but they would not stay there for long. 

Sara,
a trim, healthy, athletic woman groaned with the strain of her positioning as
her executioners pulled her ankles up to each side of her head. The suspension harnesses which remained strapped
to her ankles were clipped to the same metal attachment bracket where her
wrists had been attached. The condemned housewifes external reproductive
organs were now completely on display, spread open and positioned fully off the
end of the short bench. 

An
attractive prison nurse appeared in the floodlights holding something in her
hand as she stepped up to the condemned's spread legs. The nurse roughly pushed a catheter into Sara's
pee-hole. She groaned. While the nurse drained the last milliliters
of Saras urine into a collection bag, another nurse attached blood pressure, pulse,
and heart rhythm monitors to Sara's chest and arms. Her bladder drained, the nurse yanked the
catheter out as the gallery watched Saras face flinch on the overhead monitor.


The
huge overhead video image suddenly split into two, now showing Sara's face to
one side of the screen and her shaved pussy to the other. The audience was now aware
of the second television camera, which had been positioned to catch an angle between
Sara's legs, offering witnesses a full view of the execution procedure. The worker bees finished, the beautiful blond mom
was now ready to die a humiliating death before millions of wealthy home
viewers.

Dr.
Wexler stepped into the spotlights and began explaining in rather esoteric
terms how Mrs. Stahler would suffer and die at his
hand. He held up a small cordless device, which he explained was a laser
scalpel. He explained that the procedure
would be nearly bloodless because of the scalpels instant cauterizing
effects. As Wexler continued to speak
with his back to her, Sara could hear him slipping on what sounded like
examination gloves, while an execution nurse wheeled in a cart of instruments
and positioned them next to her splayed pelvis.
Without a word being said, the nurse assisted Wexler in donning a
surgical gown. The two seemed to take their time as the witnesses watched Saras
tit-tortured chest heave rapidly up and down with deep anxious breaths. 

Sara
began to plead and cry oh god no, no please, please as
Wexler turned and stepped up to her crotch.
His nurse raised the hydraulic table slightly so that Saras pussy was
readily accessible to the tall doctors hands. With her head was propped up on the
head rest, Sara was forced to look down between her legs and watch as Wexler
held up the scalpel and cruelly made eye contact with her. 

Warden
Anne Bowden once again stepped into the lights but said nothing. Dr. Wexler's nurse turned to her and said, in
a slightly tense, embarrassed tone, The condemned prisoner Sara Stahler is fully prepared to be put to death Warden Bowden. Though she spoke in a normal voice, within
the eerie silence of the execution chamber, most of the witnesses had heard
her. Sara trembled as she wept. 

Before addressing the gallery
of witnesses, Warden Bowden took one last look at Sara, gazing at the extreme
strapped-down positioning of the condemned, her ankles up over her shoulders, her
pussy tightly spread wide open. Bowden glanced
at the four executioners and nodded approvingly as if to say &quot;good job&quot;,
then piercing the silence, she spoke. 

Mrs.
Sara Stahler, having been found guilty on multiple capital
offenses including murder for profit and capital terrorism, you have been
sentenced to suffer death by the surgical removal of your female reproductive
organs, both internal and external, including the total removal of your vulva, clitoris,
and entire internal vagina, without anesthesia, and with every attempt
medically possible to keep you conscious and alive during the procedure. It is the order of the court that, following
the evisceration of your pussy, your abdominal and chest cavity as will be
opened and your vital internal organs removed for sale and transplantation.

The
gallery was a bit surprised at the Warden's unprofessional sounding use of the
word pussy&quot; in her pronouncement, but the staff knew it was not a slip of
the tongue, but rather an intended final jab at the condemned. They knew she
often spoke in slang at executions, and those who had seen her oversee
executions at the Mens facility knew she was a legend there for the way she
would say your cock will be cut off or your balls will be sliced open before
you are castrated as she pronounced sentence before death. Employees mimicked her all the time over this.


&quot;By
the authority of the court, I order that this sentence shall be carried out at
this time and place by Dr. Alan Wexler. 

With
these words Warden Anne Bowden turned and left the floor to join the witnesses.
Dr. Wexler held up a pair of surgical pliers and grasped the tip of Sara's
clitoris and pulled it is far from her body as he could. She wailed and
screamed he began to slowly pass a long hypodermic needle up through her
clitoris. The gallery watched a close-up
of the slow act of cruelty on the large wide overhead monitor. Once the hypodermic needle had been stuck up
through her clit, Wexler took another wider,
longer needle and slowly pushed it lengthwise deep into Sara's pee-hole and
pushed it through to her G-spot as she flung her head sideways and screamed.

Wexler
grasped Sara's clitoris again with the tiny pair of pliers and pulled as hard
as he could, crushing it around the needle.
Holding the clit out tight, he picked up a pair of chrome surgical
scissors and began to snip away Sara's clitoris, snipping it off in slow, tiny
pieces as Sara screamed. Once the
external vestiges of her clitoris were gone, he took a glowing hot cauterizing
instrument and burned the stub of her clit.
As the tool sizzled against her most intimate tissue, Sara bucked and
wailed, flailing against her restraints.

Wexler pulled out the G-spot needle and began
to slowly, using medical pliers and tiny scissors, snip away at the small inner
lips of Sara's pussy. He worked with meticulous precision, as if he were
performing a circumcision. He then used
the red-hot tool to burn the area around those tissues as well.

Taking
the laser scalpel in hand, Dr. Wexler adjusted it so that the glowing blue blade
of light was short, and would only cut about one centimeter deep. Then, horrifically, Wexler began cutting around
Sara's anus, slowly making a circular incision around it. The screaming from Sara was deafening as the
tool burned away her tender asshole. Attendants
in the gallery handed out earplugs, but there were few takers. Once he was done burning her asshole, Wexler paused
a moment to attempt eye contact with the flailing Mrs. Stahler
and, with a cruel smile said &quot;your pussy is next.&quot;

While
Sara mindlessly bucked and flailed in a vain attempt to break free of her leather
restraints, Alan Wexler used his laser knife to cut off her smooth pussy lips, very
slowly, one at a time. For the witnesses watching the monitor, it wasn't
pretty. A few felt ill and raised their
hands for permission to be escorted out, but as Sara screamed and cried hysterically,
Bill and Karen hung in there. 

Sara
frantically bucked against the leather restraints to the point of breaking her
limbs as Dr. Wexler slowly, cruelly, removed her pussy lips. The essence of her feminine identity was
literally being slowly snipped off as she was forced to watch. 

Both
Tracy and Diane collapsed to their knees in disbelief as they watched Saras unbelievable
torture. The attractive mom bucked so wildly
against her restraints it looked as though the straps would break. Few had experienced
a sound coming from a human that was higher pitched or more ear piercing. 

With
Sara still fully conscious Wexler made a deep incision from the top of her
pussy up to her belly button. As assistants standing to each side quickly open
this flap of belly skin, Dr. Wexler went in and internally began to cut off the
base of her vagina from the uterus at the cervix. That task completed, he returned to begin
making a series of deep incisions around her pussy. As Sara wailed and
screamed, Dr. Wexler then pulled her entire internal vagina out of her pelvis
as if yanking a cork from wine bottle. Several in the audience wet themselves.
Three fainted. The screaming was painful to the ears. The only real part that Sara could move was
her head, and she slung it in every direction as she screamed. 

The
execution nurses quickly cauterized stray blood vessels on the screaming
woman's open pelvis in order to stop bleeding. Wexler, after checking Sara's
vital signs on a monitor, stepped on a button on the floor near the base of the
table. Instantly the hydraulic pillar
underneath the execution table moved and lifted the condemned into a vertical
position, her feet still over her head, the hole of
her former pussy dripping blood to the floor. Sara, still conscious and in
agony, stared face-to-face with the gallery once again as she now hung
strangely almost crucifixion-like before them.

The
gallery watched as Wexler began to cut off Sara's small, spread-flat tits,
first grabbing each one firmly below the crushed nipple with a pair of surgical
pliers. Each breast was then slowly and completely cut off using the laser scalpel.
There was little blood. Her pussy and tits cut away, Sara had now lost her
scream, and Wexler could see she was losing consciousness. 

The
only sound in the gallery was the sobbing of Diane and her daughter Tracy, whom
guards had forced to watch the procedure.

As
blood trickled from her gaping crotch, Mrs. Stahler, barely
alive, heaved her chest as she gurgled a faint moan. Wexler checked her blood pressure and pulse
on the monitor and saw both were dropping fast. He turned to an execution
technician and signaled that it was time to unstrap Sara and wheel her into the
harvest room so that her vital organs could be removed while she was still
alive. She was at a prime age for transplant harvest consideration, and Wexler knew
her organs were valuable. Dr. Wexler, without saying a final parting word, walked off into the
darkness to change his gloves and smock.

The staff hurried to move the pussy-less
33-year-old into the refrigerated harvest room where she would be hung from her
ankles and soon gutted for transplantation, that is as
soon as Wexler could finish with his other duties in the execution theater. Warden Bowden had ruled that organ harvest
was a procedure that was beyond the realm of witnesses, even though some, like
Jason, found the procedure of gutting a living human quite interesting. Still, the process was usually forbidden to
the eyes of outsiders because it might possibly bring attention to the
governments lucrative organ sales program which brought in billions of dollars
each year. The government feared that
some might question
whether executions were taking place simply to make valuable
tissue available for harvest. 

While
Sara Stahler was unstrapped
and taken down, some in the gallery had thought she had gotten off light. Had it ended too quickly? Should she have suffered longer? Couldnt she have been whipped more before she
was put to death? Others regretted
paying so much for the privilege of seeing the attractive mom die. Still others, Bill and Karen included, sat
impatiently, barely able to wait to see the next female taste the strap. 

Technicians
lifted Sara's unconscious body and placed it on a gurney. She was not given the
final dignity of being covered with a white sheet. Sara was barely alive but unconscious when an
orderly wheeled her from the execution chamber.
The ankle harnesses had been left firmly buckled around her lower calves
so that once in the cool, chilly harvest room, cables could be quickly hooked
on to her ankles. 

A
machine sound whirled as Saras unconscious body was lifted feet first into the
air, her arms dangling down, nearly touching the cool concrete floor beneath
her. The unconscious housewife had felt
her last whip. Soon she would be
eviscerated like a piece of recently slaughtered livestock. 

Back
in the execution theater, the attention turned to Diane Howell. The warden stepped forward to reminded the witnesses that Diane had agreed to cooperate
fully with her punitive punishments in exchange for leniency with regard to her
daughter Tracy's method of execution. The warden clearly spelled out to Diane and
the witnesses the terms of the agreement, and what the word
&quot;cooperate&quot; implied. Warden
Bowden explained that cooperate meant that Diane Howell would hold any
position she was instructed. 

&quot;No
restraints will be used to hold you in position, Mrs. Howell. If the guards are required to restrain you
during your punitive punishments, or if any lack of cooperation is detected by
me or my staff, my offer of leniency to your daughter will be withdrawn. Do you understand Mrs. Howell?&quot; 

Diane's generous feminine form straining to expand beneath
the stretchy elastic of the one-piece swimsuit.
Her huge captive tits jiggled slightly as she tearfully nodded yes
ma'am, warden.

&quot;Very
good, Mrs. Howell, you will now face the witness gallery, remove your swimsuit,
raise your hands straight above your head, and apologize to the witnesses for
your crimes.&quot;

Facing
the witnesses with her head down in shame, Diane tearfully slipped off the
shoulder straps of her maternal-looking one-piece swimsuit, slowly pulling it
down to her waist as her huge mellow-like tits plopped out from the stretchy
fabric, releasing them downward. Her huge brown, slightly downward pointing
nipples contrasted with the pale white skin of her pendulous breasts. Unseen to
her, three large, black-as-coal muscular African men
stepped into the lights behind Diane.
All three were completely naked, and each appeared to be adorned with
the colorful skin painting of an African warrior. Their embellished black skin glistened in the
lights. Each had the hugest semi-erect
cock Karen Schnell had ever seen. 














Chapter 16  Execution of the Terrorist Housewives



 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-11-18T00:15:00Z
  2006-11-18T00:15:00Z
  1
  2008
  11448
  Home
  95
  26
  13430
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   {9A70919E-95F3-4BE6-BBAA-D8A8A7EFAFF6}
   8568792
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








 

Chapter 17 Execution of the
Terrorist Housewives

from the pen of award winning S&amp;M imaginist

Jill Crokett



authors note: All names
used in this story are fictitious,
even the authors nom de plume. Any names used of real persons is purely coincidental.
Readers my contact Ms. Crokett at jcrokett@yahoo.com
with their comments.

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

All eyes in the witness gallery stared at the huge tits of
the now topless Diane Howell. Her elbows
pointed out to each side as the forty-something woman reluctantly but
obediently slid her one-piece bathing suit down past her waist to her wide hips. As hundreds of men and women in the gallery
watched she then bent forward with her hands at her waist and tugged the dark
blue elastic fabric over her hips and buttocks, pulling the swimsuit to her
knees. Her pendulous breasts jiggled for
the crowd as she bent forward, slightly bending her knees to pull the tight
swimsuit down off her butt. From there Diane let it drop to her ankles. 

&nbsp;

Tears glistened down Dianes cheeks and dripped onto her
melons as she straightened up and slowly but obediently raised her arms above
her head in the required surrender position. Diane had no idea what Warden Anne
Bowden had in store for her, but she was committed to being as obedient and
cooperative as possible in exchange for the leniency she hoped would be
extended to her daughter. The thought of
Tracy, her only child, being skinned
alive before her eyes was more than she could bare.

&nbsp;

Anne Bowden let an uncomfortable silence fill the execution
auditorium before she spoke again, letting the men in the gallery linger their
gaze on the melon tits and smooth girl-crack of Diane Howell as the condemned
mom stood naked facing them. When she
finally spoke, the female warden did not mince words.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mrs. Howell, you have been condemned in a court of law
to receive severe corporal punishment, followed by death by live evisceration. To begin your corporal punishment, it is my
decision that you are first going to be spanked on the bare buttocks with a
paddle, then strapped across your buttocks, thighs, and labia with a short
leather belt. During this punishment you
will be ordered to assume a specific bodily position for your corporal
strapping. Mrs. Howell, if you fail to
hold this position as instructed, I will order these African tribesmen here to immediately
skin your daughter Tracy alive, do you understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

Diane glanced at the three muscular, masculine forms, then turned
back towards Bowden and nodded in compliance.
As she nodded her response she began to sob quietly, fearing she would
not be able to comply with the wardens demands. Not wishing to cry aloud in front of her
daughter, Diane attempted to suppress her sobbing, and as she did, her huge
matronly breasts jiggled lightly as tears dripped down and splattered upon them. To the privileged members of the witness
gallery, it was a sight of pure submission.

&nbsp;

&quot;After you receive the paddle and belt Mrs. Howell, you
will be raped by these warrior tribesmen. You'll be instructed as to the positions you
will assume during your rape, and if you don't comply proficiently, my offer of
leniency for your daughter Tracy will be immediately rescinded. Do you
understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

Once again Diane responded with only a nod as she continued
to face the gallery naked, her swimsuit still around her ankles.

&nbsp;

Bill Schnell couldn't help but feel a swelling in his crotch
as he stared out from the gallery at Diane Howell in the spotlight, her arms
raised, the tears coming down her cheeks, the bright lights shadowing the
girl-like deep, dark crack of the mature moms bald pussy.

&nbsp;

Drawing attention to a small red circle painted on the
concrete floor of the gymnasium, Warden Bowden pointed and instructed Diane to
stand inside. The circle was less than a
meter in diameter. Keeping her arms up,
Diane looked down and stepped out of the swimsuit, gently kicking it off her
ankles. She obediently walked completely
nude over to the circle and took her place in it, all the while keeping her arms
raised. 

&nbsp;

The warden carefully and specifically instructed Diane to
place her feet about a half meter apart, and then ordered her to bend over and
grab her ankles, telling the woman to slightly bend her knees as she bent over
and assumed the paddle position.
Forty-something Diane Howell looked rather awkward assuming this
position which reminded Bill of the center position on an American football team. The only difference was this center was an
attractive middle-aged mom who was completely naked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mrs. Howell&quot; Warden Bowden announced, &quot;if
you step out of this circle more than once, or if you let go of your ankles
more than once, my offer is rescinded in Tracy is skinned alive. There will be
only one warning. Do you understand,
Mrs. Howell?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes ma'am, Ill obey warden, please, please don't do
that her&quot; Diane sobbed from her strange position as tears dripped down on
the red spot. Save your tears bitch,
youll need them the warden mumbled back to Diane under her breath. 

&nbsp;

As Diane gripped her ankles tightly, an execution assistant
handed Warden Bowden a thick, smooth wooden paddle, longer and slightly wider
than a ping-pong paddle. 

&nbsp;

For the first ten stokes, with each stoke you will count
aloud and thank me, do you understand Mrs. Howell?

&nbsp;

Yes, maam was Dianes meek reply.

&nbsp;

The first smack of the paddle was loud, and Diane recounted
with One, thank you maam.

&nbsp;

By the sixth Diane was crying aloud constantly, but did not
step out or release her ankle grip. By
ten her butt was beet red and she exclaimed Ten!, aaahhhh, thaaannnk yooou
maaaaam.

&nbsp;

After the tenth pop with the hardwood paddle Bowden
announced the next ten strokes of the hardwood paddle would be rapid, with no
counting.

&nbsp;

Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop, Pop sounded off as the female warden
let loose on Dianes wide, bare bottom. The mom screeched aloud and her breasts
danced as she bent forward and gripped her ankles, her bottom protruding behind
her. At the 20th stroke Diane
pissed herself as a small yellow stream splattered on the floor. She then bend
her knees and further squatted to the floor, but despite the burning of her
butt cheeks, Diane hands continue to gripped her ankles. No she exclaimed,
No, no more, I, I cant, AAAAAAAhhhhhh. From her head forward position, Diane
tears continued to splatter directly onto the concrete floor.

&nbsp;

A female assistant stepped into the lights and handed Warden
Bowden a narrow, short leather strap, exchanging it for the wooden paddle. To those few in the gallery who were familiar
with prison punishment, it was immediately identifiable as the Canadian Strap, a
19th-century implement a punishment that had become infamous in that country's
prison system. Less than a half meter
long, the Canadian strap looked like a narrower, shorter version of a barbers
strop, consisting of only 13 or 14 inches of leather, the remaining five or so
inches being its wooden handle. The 2 inch wide strap had a series of five or
six small holes punched in it. 

&nbsp;

Though they had been amused by the female warden's administration
of the paddle, several of the wives in the gallery were surprised to see Anne Bowden
assume administration of Mrs. Howell's belt strapping herself. Little did they know that before she was
promoted to Warden of the women's facility, Anne Bowden had whipped and
strapped many a prisoner to tears as Assistant Warden of the male prison nearby. She had been infamously legendary at the
men's facility where she had developed &quot;the wet line&quot;, a procedure
where she ball-strapped men with a belt as they exited the communal showers
naked and dripping wet. 

&nbsp;

Upon being appointed Warden of the women's facility, Anne
Bowden had raised the ante of creative cruelty by often having female convicted
murderers receive a strapping of their shaved vulva before being put to death. The first execution she supervised after
being appointed Warden there was that of two sisters, older women in their
fifties, who had been convicted of poisoning their husbands in a scheme to
obtain insurance money. Bowden had both
the women stripped in front of the large gathering of employees. She then had them both strapped-down to
execution tables with their ankles up behind their necks with their knees
strapped open wide to each side of them.
Then, in front of all her employees Bowden personally shaved each of the
sisters bare one at a time, then proceeded to strap each woman's pussy with a
belt 100 times. After she was finished she turned to the gallery and said
&quot;that's the way it's going to be done around here from now on,&quot; then
turned and, as she walked out of the gallery, said &quot; now hang them.&quot;

&nbsp;

Anne Bowden laid the first crack of the cruel Canadian Strap
squarely across Diane Howell's wide butt cheeks. Diane elicited a screech but held her
ankles. Bowden came back with rapid fire
strappings of the belt across Diane's butt, to the point where she again released
her bladder. Diane screamed every
imaginable exclamation but did not let go as the warden worked her red,
blistering butt cheeks. Diane continued
to bend forward, gripping her ankles with every ounce of energy. After about 25
strokes Warden Bowden moved slightly to adjust the angle of the strap. In a sheer act of cruelty she began working Diane's feminine crack with
the strap, drawing a narrow leather belt up between her legs, squarely landing
the narrow leather against the 44-year-olds labia.

&nbsp;

&quot;No ma'am, please no, pleeeeasse teary-eyed Diane
pleaded. No, no, I can take it anymore,
not there, not my pussy, please&quot; Diane screeched and sobbed in vain as the
hundreds in the gallery stared in disbelief.

&nbsp;

After about 40 strokes Bowden handed the Canadian Strap to
an assistant, exchanging it for a short, four foot long bullwhip.

&nbsp;

&quot;No ma'am, please, I can not take that, not there, not
my pussy warden, please, please have mercy on me.&quot;

&nbsp;

Without hesitation Warden Bowden reached back with her arm
and quickly snapped the lash of the bullwhip forward, slicing it up between Diane
Howell's blistered red butt cheeks to cruelly whip her feminine crack. With that first loud snapping stroke of the whip,
Diane fell to the floor, crumbling her form to stay within the red painted
circle, but releasing her hands to grasp her lashed pussy as she fell. Anne Bowden stopped the whipping and let her
lay crumbled on the floor for a moment, sobbed for gasps of breath as the
witnesses stared in awe. In the
background Tracy sobbed through
tears &quot;please no ma'am, please let my mother be, I will do anything you
say, just please, please dont whip her anymore, not there, not there.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;This is your first warning Mrs. Howell Anne Bowden
announced in a formal voice, adding cruelly, you will only receive one more
before we skin Tracy Howell alive.&quot;

&nbsp;

Diane very slowly and reluctantly climbed back on her feet
and re-assumed the position, her buttock slowly rising above the level of her
head as she reluctantly reached down and again gripped her spread ankles. The warden stepped back, the whip still in
hand, and with a nod signaled for one of the now fully erect African warriors to
step forward. As he entered the spotlight the women of the audience were first
given a full view of his massive erect dick.
Without hesitation the naked, war-painted warrior aligned his cock with
the sex of the bend over condemned woman and grasped her waist. As a naked, sobbing and distraught Tracy Howell
watched, the muscular black rapist entered her mother deeply and completely
with a single thrust of his pelvis. 

&nbsp;

In the gallery, Karen Schnell's pussy dripped as she watched
the mature mom get raped in this standing doggie position. She thought of how it would feel if her own
husband Bills cock penetrated her as she bent her knees slightly and I reached
down and gripped her ankles. Her own pussy ached for a big hard cock, and for a
brief moment she was actually jealous of Diane Howell. 

&nbsp;

Diane moaned aloud as the Africans long, huge black cock rapidly
slammed over and over again against her cervix.
The gallery could clearly hear the moist slapping sound of the warriors
pelvis against Diane was blistered buttocks. Beyond humiliation, Diane Howell
did not resist as each of the four Africans took their turned with her
pussy. She obediently kept her knees
apart and bent, and with her hair nearly touching the ground she stooped
forward to firmly grip her ankles as the men grabbed her waist and slammed
themselves deep inside her vagina. 

&nbsp;

Karen Schnell reached up with closed fingers to cover her
opened mouth as a slight gasp went up from the gallery the very moment the
fourth warrior took his position behind Diane.
The fourth and last rapist had the hugest erect cock Karen, and surely
many of the other witnesses, had ever seen.
Diane Howell moaned aloud as the last, and most endowed, African warrior
entered her from behind. At this point
three other loads of cum had already lubricated Diane's now very sore pussy,
but nonetheless it still was a very tight fit.

&nbsp;

&quot;No, it's too big, no, no, it's too big, your cock is
too big, I can take it, I can take it&quot; Diane squealed, eliciting a
restrained rumbling chuckle from the audience of witnesses. Little did she know that from this point
forward, this final rape would be the best thing that would happen her for the
rest of her life. 














  



 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-11-21T00:47:00Z
  2006-11-21T00:47:00Z
  1
  1075
  6134
  Home
  51
  14
  7195
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








 

Chapter 18 Execution
of the Terrorist Housewives

from the pen of award winning S&amp;M
imaginist

Jill Crokett



authors note: All names used in this story are
fictitious, even the authors nom de plume. Any names
used of real persons is purely coincidental. Readers
my contact Ms. Crokett at jcrokett@yahoo.com
with their comments.

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

The humiliating rapes over, Warden Bowden commanded Mrs.
Howell, you will now stand in the middle of the red circle with your arms raised
high in the air.

&nbsp;

Diane straightened up and raised her hands high facing the
gallery as the female warden cruelly snapped the short bullwhip against the
smooth concrete behind her, causing the mature mom to shutter at the shrill
whistle of the whip. Bowden ordered
Diane to turn so that her backside was visible to the audience. As she slowly turned, Bill Schnell could see
that Dianes buttocks were already covered with blistering red stripes from the
paddle and belt. Cum from her multiple
rapes dripped from Dianes vagina. As
the witnesses stared at her wide, hippy, strap-marked buttocks, the camera
pulled focus on Dianes expression, revealing a close up of Dianes
tear-streaked face on the overhead monitor, magnifying it one hundred times for
the gallery.

&nbsp;

Mrs. Howell, I will now proceed to bullwhip your buttocks
and tits 40 times each. If at any time
during this phase of your corporal punishment you bring your hands below the
level of your shoulders, or you use your elbows to shield your tits from the
whip, I will declare that you have defaulted a second time, and we will proceed
with your daughter Tracys execution.

&nbsp;

Maam, please, I dont think I can take that much, please,
please be reasonable with me Diane humbly pleaded. There was no reply from Bowden.

&nbsp;

Warden Bowden turned her head and gave a nod to an
assistant, at which point two X-shaped black steel crosses were rolled into the
center of the execution theater on wide gurneys. Technicians immediately lifted the relatively
light weight aluminum crosses upright and proceeded bolted them to the floor
after sliding their bases into wide, pre-drilled holes in the concrete
floor. The crosses were positioned quite
low to the floor, with the feet end nearly touching the concrete. 

&nbsp;

Snap! Diane moaned loudly as she twisted and flexed her
knees, crouching to the floor as the short bullwhip found it's first mark
across her already blistered buttocks.
One, two, three, four , five times it found its mark as Diane cried
aloud like a baby, screeching with each lash, followed by aaaahhhhhh and more
tears. Over and over again the short
whip found its mark, now drawing trickles of blood. With each crack of the whip Diane screamed
out but stoically still kept fingers interlocked above her head as instructed. Rather than reflexively cover her bottom,
Diane used her voice to react to the whip, screeching and pleading in vain with
each lash as she squatted by bending her knees.
As the whip landed over and over again on her bare butt she soon lost
her voice, her face only gaining an expression of horror on the overhead
monitor as her mouth opened wide as it gasped for air. 

&nbsp;

The 40 butt lashings complete, a distinct challenge was now
placed before the 44-year-old mother when Warden Bowden ordered her to keep her
elbows wide apart for her tit whipping.
Warden Bowden ordered Mrs. Howell to stand sideways to the audience,
giving the men in the gallery a silhouette view of her firm yet hanging
breasts. Somewhat full-figured Diane was the owner of a voluptuous set of
double D size cups, and the first crack across her fat tits caused her to
scream fiercely. Bowden quickly whipped
her breasts repeatedly, going back and forth with the tip of the short whip,
strategically lashing across Dianes nipples with precise cruelty. As the whip found her tits, Diane valiantly
fought the impulse to cover her breasts as the whip marks crisscrossed each
nipple, striping her tits with red lines.

&nbsp;

37,38, 39, 40; the tit-whipping finished, Diane shuttered
and balled at the top of her lungs as she bent her knees in pain, but through
it all, in an act of unbelievable love and stoic sacrifice for her daughter,
she obediently kept her clasped hands atop her head. To the sadistic thrill of the men in the
gallery, as the 44-year-old divorcee sobbed, her whip-marked tits jiggled to
the manifestations of her unimaginable distress. 

&nbsp;

After a few minutes of inactivity passed, Warden Bowden gave
Diane Howell her cruelest order yet. She
ordered Diane to lay on the floor, on her back, within
the red circle. She was then ordered to
reach down and grasp her ankles and draw them up, spreading her knees wide
apart as she pulled up her ankles. As her knees spread open to the sides of her
chest, Dianes pussy blossomed, fully exposing her already-strap-marked female
sex. 

&nbsp;

Once Diane had obediently assumed this missionary-like
position, the gallery was stunned to hear the warden announce &quot;Mrs.
Howell, I'm now going to lash your pussy 30 times with the bullwhip. If at any time during this whipping of your
sex you move from the circle, or even close your legs, even just once, I will
order that your daughter Tracy be skinned alive immediately.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No ma'am, I don't think I can take it, please I can
take it, not that&quot; pleaded Diane from her position on the cold concrete
floor, her legs obediently spread and lifted high as instructed. Her pleas fell
on deaf ears. 

&nbsp;

With the first crack of the whips tip across Diane's pussy,
a quick squirt of urine shot up several feet.
Diane screeched and reflexively closed her legs for a moment, then
obediently reopened them. The warden
appeared not to notice the momentary infraction. The second stroke of the bullwhip can full
and hard down between Dianes pussy crack, and she reflexively closed her legs
again. This time she held them closed,
screaming &quot;Dear god no, no, no, no, I cant, I cant, I can't,
aaaaahhhhh.

&nbsp;

Without a word from the warden, two of the African warriors
stepped forward and grabbed Tracy's
arms, dragging her into the spotlight.
The clean shaved, naked teen girl stared at the gallery in both horror
and shame. First glancing toward her
daughter, Diane Howell quickly composed herself, then scrambled to her feet and
faced the warden, dropping to her knees and clasping her hands as if to pray,
pleading through tears &quot;No ma'am, no, please warden, please give me
another chance, please, just one more, please, I promise.&quot;



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Will petite teen Tracy
be skinned alive by the proud African warriors? Will mature mom Diane be given
a second chance to endure the cruel bullwhipping of her shaved pussy crack on
behalf of leniency for her daughter Tracy?
Is a last minute Presidential pardon in order? Will witnesses Bill and
Karen Schnell make it through the witness process without coming in their
pants? Are the other well-heeled paying witnesses getting their moneys
worth? Tune in NEXT WEEK fans for a
special Thanksgiving edition  Chapter 19  of Jill Crocketts Execution of the
Terrorist Housewives. There just might be a surprising turn of events. Send Jill
your comments to jcrokett@yahoo.com 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Chapter 19  Execution of the Terrorist Housewives



 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  8
  2007-01-03T22:06:00Z
  2007-01-03T22:06:00Z
  1
  1952
  11128
  Home
  92
  26
  13054
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   {9F4AC239-BCB9-41C5-9DD5-988F8F003040}
   36676240
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Chapter 19 Execution
of the Terrorist Housewives

from the pen of award winning S&amp;M imaginist

Jill Crokett



authors note: All names used in this story are
fictitious, even the authors nom de plume. Any names
used of real persons is purely coincidental. Readers may contact Ms. Crokett at jcrokett@yahoo.com
with their comments.



Chapter 19

&nbsp;

As soon as Diane dropped to her knees to plead to the warden
to spare her daughters life, guards grabbed her by the shoulders, restraining
her as they pulled the pleading naked mom back to her feet. With a nod from Warden Anne Bowden, a number
of execution technicians carried two metal execution crosses out onto the
lighted gymnasium floor and began erecting them vertically by sliding them
upright into pre-drilled holes in the concrete floor. The crosses were not normal T-shaped crosses,
but were custom built with a short, straight back piece at the middle. The upper half of the cross was an
exaggerated V shape which held the arms out wide and up slightly, and was
attached to the top of the short back section which rested on the condemneds
spine. At the bottom of the short back piece two leg sections came off wide to
each side, forcing the victims legs to spread wide into the splits. The arms and legs sections of the execution
crosses pulled nearly straight out to the sides and angled only slightly. Multiple restraint belts dangled from various
points on the crosses.

&nbsp;

As guards positioned Diane up against one of the crosses, the
warden spoke. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Mrs. Howell, you have failed the test required to
grant leniency for your daughter Tracy.
You will now be restrained and forced to witness her execution.&quot;

&nbsp;

With those words guards lifted Diane slightly to align her
back with the low mounted cross, then quickly spread her arms out, strapping
them wide apart to the upper cross-piece. Dianes feet were still resting on
the floor as they strapped her wrists, elbows and shoulders nearly straight out
and slightly upward from her body, firmly bracing her upper extremities against
the narrow black steel of the official government execution cross. A restraint belt was then strapped around
Diane's waist, securing her middle to the crosss center piece. 

&nbsp;

From the top and bottom of the waist section, or steel
center piece, the arms and legs of the cross spread out laterally in a squashed
X-shape, with the legs of the cross pulling Dianes thighs wide apart in
opposing directions as the guards strapped them to it. The cross was mounted so low to the floor
that only when her legs were spread open did her feet finally clear the floor
by a half meter. 

&nbsp;

To accurately describe the crosses, it should be noted that
the arm and leg sections were welded to a short, narrow, straight-up-and-down
vertical section of steel which pressed against Dianes spine from her waist up
to her mid-shoulder blades. Once Dianes
legs were strapped spread open at the lower half of the cross, it was
positioned so that it faced Tracy's
cross but was also slightly angled toward the gallery as well.

&nbsp;

Turning to the frightened teenager who was still in the arms
of the Africans, Anne Bowden announced &quot;Tracy,
by order of the court you will now be put to death in front of your
mother. You'll be strapped down to a
modified cross with your legs fully open and outstretched. In this position the skin of your vulva, your
feminine lips, and
all the skin of your buttocks, will be skinned off without anesthetics. You will be first administered an injection
of medication which will keep you alive and fully conscious during this
procedure. At about the same time this
procedure occurs, you will also have the skin of your nipples and breasts
stripped off. Following the
administration of these punishments, and while you are still fully conscious,
you will be eviscerated alive in front of your mother.

&nbsp;

&quot;No&quot; Diane screamed at the top of her lungs, No,
no, please be reasonable, shes only a girl, shes just a teenager, just tell
me what else you want from me, please Ill do anything. Securely strapped wide open to her black
steel cross, Diane Howells only visible movement was with her head as she
pleaded violently, though her huge tits did jiggle as she screamed and flailed
her head. Bill Schnell couldnt help but
notice that, in contrast, Tracy's
petit teen tits went completely flat as her arms were spread open to be
strapped to her cross. 

&nbsp;

After her arms and waist were strapped securely to her
cross, Tracys legs were lifted up
from the floor and splayed wide apart in order to position them. Both Bill Schnell and Jason stared at the teenagers
pussy as it transitioned from a single dark vertical slit to a blossomed orchid
as her thighs were opened and strapped to the lower half of the cross. Tracy's
legs were spread so wide Bill could make out not only her clitoris, but he
could see the thin inner lips separated from the fat ones too. Tracys
legs were strapped open tight in a virtual split which completely exposed and
positioned her smooth teen pussy for skinning.

&nbsp;

Karen Schnell crossed her legs tightly at the site of the
young girls vulnerability. Karen had to pee quite urgently but did not want to
get up and miss anything at this critical point in the execution process. She
had waited for months to see her sons killers die, and she wasn't about to
miss it because of a full bladder. Karen
gripped her legs tightly together and hoped she could make it. Bill Schnell was excited at seeing a real
live naked mother and daughter strapped ultra-spread-eagled in front of
him. His dick swelled.

&nbsp;

The mother-daughter display was so erotic that student
intern Jason, who was observing from the back in the gallery, couldn't control
himself any longer. His standing-hard-on
dripped into his underwear to the point were he had to quietly excused himself
and run, or should I say stagger, to the nearest men's room just down the
hall. Once inside the stall Jason,
almost shaking with excitement, nervously unzipped himself and, instantly upon
stroking his cock, squirted a three-foot-long come-shot against the white
ceramic wall.

&nbsp;

Jason leaned against the stall wall and relieved himself of
copious ejaculate, gently stroking the slick head of his male gland at it
pumped out in quick squirts. organnearly .
As he momentarily leaned against the tile porcelain tile exhausted from his
intense orgasm, Jason thought he heard the sound of helicopters. Not a helicopter, but several. Maybe. He wondered if
someone were playing a war movie video in the nearby employee lounge. Then No he thought, this isn't a recording,
there are real helicopters outside. 

&nbsp;

For a moment he thought he would check out the noise, but
then, he didn't want to miss seeing a 16-year-old girl have her bald pussy
skinned alive. And he didn't know yet
what they were going to do with Diane Howell, but the thought of seeing the big
tit mature mom naked on a cross excited him much more than seeing some
helicopters. As he made his way down the
hall from the toilet Jason glimpsed out of one of the few windows in the
building to see about a dozen military looking helicopters landing at the
facilitys private government airstrip.
Jason thought it was strange because he had only seen the airstrip used
by jets in the past.

&nbsp;

As Jason quietly reentered the witness gallery, the Warden
was speaking. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Tracy, before your are put to death today by live
skinning, as a further punitive measure you'll now receive 50 strokes with the
cane across your bottom, then a further 50 strokes of the leather strap to your
pussy.&quot;

&nbsp;

It was more than Diane Howell could endure. As she hung on her cross facing her daughter,
her huge tits jiggled to her sobs. With
her legs spread unbelievably wide, bits of rape cum dribbled from her shaved
pussy. 

&nbsp;

As Jason took one of the few vacant seats in the back,
Warden Bowden herself was handed a slim, long hardwood cane. As he sat down Jason's attention was suddenly
drawn toward the shrill whistling noise of Ann Bowden's practice strokes. While the young college intern took his seat
he kept his eyes focused on Bowden, who was now aligning her stance with Tracy,
using the cane much like a golfer uses the driver to align her stroke, standing
to one side and holding the cane out at an arm's-length across Tracys
buttocks. 

&nbsp;

There was no counting as the cane came down fast and hard on
Tracy's bare butt. Jason began to grow hard again as he heard
the 16-year-old screech and howl at the top of her lungs as the cane made sharp
red marks across both cheeks of her bottom.
Ann Bowden cruelly lined up the cane so the strokes would touch both
cheeks of Tracy's buttocks and also
mark across her smooth shaved labia in the same stroke. Young Tracy flailed uncontrollably at the
rapid fire caning. Diane only looked on and sobbed, her tears showering her
mammoth tits.

&nbsp;

20 strokes, 30 strokes, 40 strokes passed as the cane marked
the young girl entirely across her bottom up and down from her waist to her
knees. At about 35 strokes Tracy
could not scream but was only gasping for breath. Warden Bowden dropped the cane to the floor
at the 50th stroke and turned to accept a Canadian strap from a female
assistant. She repositioned herself as
she lifted to the strap to take the first hard stroke across the teenagers bare
girl sex. 

&nbsp;

Inside the witness gallery no one had heard the helicopters
outside. Any noise had been subdued by
the screaming of a mother and daughter inside.
It didnt take long before Tracys
near-Virgin pussy was raw from the flashing velocity of the short leather
strap. Bowden rapid strap strokes
quickly reached a count of 30, and at that point she rested her arm and gave
the audience a chance to savor the stereo of sobs from the mother and
daughter. Bowden had no idea that at
that very moment the main corps of her perimeter security guards was being
lined up outside the main gate and separated into groups of male and
female. The guards, whose focus was on
keeping people inside the prison, had been overcome just minutes earlier by
heavily alarmed paramilitary operatives with automatic weapons. The officer of the watch at the prison main
gate lay dead, and the guards were being stripped of their weapons and
handcuffed.

&nbsp;

In the gallery Bill Schnells dripping cock could not
contain itself anymore. He whispered his
wife that he was going to the restroom. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll go with you too&quot; Karen whispered back to
him, her on the labia slick with juices and her bladder bursting as well. As the two quietly exited the back in the
darkened gallery bleachers teenage Tracy
was screaming cries of death as her wide opened clit received its 50th stroke
of the strap.

&nbsp;

As Bill Schnell pushed the men's room door open his wife
looked both ways down the hall to see that no one was watching, then quietly
slipped into the men's room behind him.
Without saying a word Karen reached around Bills pants felt how rock
hard he was through his pants. No words
were exchanged as the husband and wife entered the handicapped toilet stall and
closed the door as she unbuckled and unzipped him and dropped his pants. Karen knelt and sucked Bill into her
mouth. It only took him a moment for his
dripping slick cock to squirt load after load down Karen's swallowing
throat. She hungrily milked every
drop. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I want you Bill, I want you
to fuck me hard as soon as we get back to the hotel, please.&quot; Without answering Bill unsnapped Karen's
black dress slacks and unzipped them, quickly sliding his hand underneath her
panties. Finding her soaking wet Bill
proceeded to strip is wife completely naked in the men's room stall, removing
her slacks, panties, top, bra, everything.
He then massaged her clit until she shivered with had a standing
orgasm. As she was coming Bill whispered
&quot;Honey, when we get back to the hotel, Im going to shave your pussy again
and then going to spank you hard before I fuck you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes, yes I need that Bill&quot; Karen breathed her reply.

&nbsp;

In the execution chamber, at the count of 50 Anne Bowden
stopped briefly with the belt, only to turn back and apply a dozen more cruel
strokes to Tracy's pussy. Both mother and daughter sobbed and gasped
for breath as they hung on the modified crosses with their arms and legs spread
straight out to their sides. 

&nbsp;

As soon as the last stroke was rendered, female execution
technicians began buckling extra restraints on Tracy,
adding one each to the extreme upper thigh, and firmly retightening the waist
strap.

 

Stepping away from the teenager girl and facing the gallery,
Warden Anne Bowden announced &quot;Condemned prisoner Tracy Howell will now be
put to death by live skinning of her female sex, followed by slow evisceration.
Her vital organs have already been auctioned and will momentarily be flown to
the purchasing transplant center.&quot;

&nbsp;

Diane Howell tried to scream as she stared at her daughter,
but her weeping expression of horror was strangely silent. Tracy
gasped enough breath to moan Mamma.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














  




 
  Hoffman
   jim
  2
  7
  2007-02-01T01:24:00Z
  2007-02-01T01:24:00Z
  1
  2388
  13617
  Home
  113
  31
  15974
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








 

Chapter 20 Execution
of the Terrorist Housewives 

Jillian Victoria Crokett  all rights reserved

by
Jill Crokett 



authors note: All names used in this story are
fictitious, even the authors nom de plume. Any names
used of real persons is purely coincidental. Readers may contact Ms.
Crokett at jcrokett@yahoo.com with
their comments. All comments and suggestions are welcomed and appreciated, but
Ms. Crokett regrets she is personally unable to respond to all e-mail.

Chapter 20



&nbsp;

As she ordered the African warriors to begin 16-year-old
Tracey Howell's execution, Warden Anne Bowden had no idea that at that moment a
250-man assault-team had already disembarked from several dozen helicopters at
various points both inside and outside the Federal Women's Correction Facility
at Elk Flat, Nevada. At that point the only ones aware of the
Special Forces operation were three guards in the Main Gate entrance station, a
number of guards in the towers, and several guards watching the video monitor
screens in the security office. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Is this some sort of military training
operation?&quot; Canadian born Guard of the Watch Capt. Allison Peddie asked a
fellow guard as she stared at a half-dozen or so camouflaged
soldiers who were jogging straight toward the Main Gate station house.
Hair stood on the back of Captain Peddie's neck as she realized that each
approaching soldier carried a small flat-black-colored Uzi-type automatic
weapon. Why are they
so heavily armed? she muttered to herself.
Peddie was wholly unaware that at that same moment, right behind her
station, another squad of helmeted, camouflaged soldiers was closing on her
post from behind, having been quickly rappelled into a nearby interior prison
courtyard from a hovering helicopter. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I said I need to talk to Warden Bowden right now,
goddamn it!&quot; Peddie screamed into the guard house telephone as the
soldiers demanded through the guard houses bullet-proof window that she open
the prisons Main Gate, quickly adding &quot;I don't care if she's in the
middle of it execution, we have a situation here and I don't know what in hell
is going on!&quot;

&nbsp;

Unable to reach Bowden immediately, Peddie quickly punched
another phone line and asked to speak with Bowdens administrative assistant,
32-year-old redhead Sheila Qualis.
&quot;What's going on here, Sheila?&quot; the 37-year-old Peddie asked
frantically, &quot;Is some sort of
training exercise scheduled for today that I havent been informed of?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Let me see here, Captain,&quot; Qualis replied in an
irritatingly calm voice as she fumbled through some papers on Anne Bowdens
desk. Anxiously awaiting a reply, the
crisply uniformed female Guard of the Watch stared through her bulletproof
window in disbelief as a soldier began to use adhesive to attach a plastic
explosive charge to the bolted steel door of her guard station. Not getting a quick reply from administrative
assistant Qualis, Guard of the Watch Peddie clicked back to the other phone
line and screamed &quot;I need Warden Bowden on the phone NOW GODDAMN IT!&quot;


&nbsp;

Still not aware that a squad of intruders had already
entered the prison yard behind her station, Capt. Peddie, still on the
telephone, ordered the other two guards in the station with her to exit and
surrender the post before the soldiers set off the charge. She had acted just
in time. Still on the telephone waiting to speak with Anne Bowden, Allison
Peddie watched in as the soldiers at gunpoint ordered her two male colleagues

to lay faced down in the sun baked Nevada
dirt and place their hands behind their heads.


&nbsp;

&quot;Could someone PLEASE tell me what's going on
here?&quot; Capt. Peddie frantically screamed into the receiver as soon as she
heard Anne Bowdens voice. As she
listened to the warden angrily inquire as to why she had been interrupted in
the middle of a double execution, Peddie stared through the gate station window
and watched her two uniformed guards get thoroughly frisked by war-paint-faced
paramilitary troopers. While she attempted to appraise
her boss of the situation, two soldiers entered the guard station. Staring at
the barrel of an automatic weapon, Allison Peddie froze, dropped the telephone,
and raised her arms in surrender. 

&nbsp;

-- -- --
--- --

&nbsp;

Tracy screeched
at the top of her lungs as one of the Africans approached her splayed girl sex
holding a long straight-razor. Stepping directly between the crucified teens
wide spread thighs, he raised the razor as he prepared to strip skin from the
young girls strap-swollen vulva. A
female execution technician, thinking the urgent phone call for the Warden
might be a reprieve for the condemned, shouted to stop the proceedings.
&quot;No, stop, wait! the technician cried out to counter the simultaneous
screaming of crucified Diane Howell, who was still pleading &quot;NO, NO,
PLEASE NO&quot; as she wept for her daughters life. 

&nbsp;

&quot;STOP&quot; Warden Bowden shouted at the African as the
technician handed her a telephone.
Embarrassed at the interruption of an execution in front of hundreds of
high-paying witnesses, the sharply dressed female warden took the call with
displayed frustration. The law required
her to take such calls and stop all proceedings in the event of a possible
reprieve, but it was extremely rare for such a call to come in the final
minutes. Before she could say a word she recognized the screaming voice of one
of her senior female guards. Immediately Anne Bowden knew was that something
was going terribly wrong within the facility, and she needed to find out what
it was. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ladies and gentlemen Bowden announced, I regret to
inform you that the executions of Mrs. Howell and Miss Howell must be postponed
for one hour. Please take this time to enjoy the refreshments weve provided
the witness reception area, and we will notify you
when we are ready to resume. I apologize for this unforeseen delay. Bowden turned and quickly exited the
spotlight, taking several employees in tow.

&nbsp;

-- -- --
--- --

&nbsp;

Capt. Allison Peddie had never had a chance to explain to
Warden Bowden what was happening. With
the barrel of a machinegun to her head, Allison Peddie announced over the
intercom that all guards in the facility, including guards in the watchtowers
and all those inside the facility, were to report to the Parade Grounds, the
large courtyard used as an outdoor assembly area. Peddie repeated the message over the
facilitys mobile radio channel.

&nbsp;

-- -- --
--- --

&nbsp;

Accompanied three employees who included a guard, an
execution technician, and one of Dr. Wexler's nurses, Anne Bowden huffily made
her way to the main guard station to appraise herself
of the situation. Attempts to
communicate with the station by both phone and radio had failed. As her heels
hurriedly clicked down the institutional hallway, the warden wondered aloud
&quot;What in Gods good fuck is going on here? 

&nbsp;

-- -- --
--- --

&nbsp;

Within the facility there were varying levels of confusion
as to what was actually happening outside with the guards. In the Wardens office, as well as in the
guards personnel office and video monitoring station, there was panic. In most other areas of the prison business
continued to as usual, with the staff in those departments generally unaware
that a serious level of security had been breeched. In the Juvenile Offender Program Department on the third-floor, no one
had any clue that there had been a gross security disruption at the
facility. There it was a typical
Thursday, and a school student from another part of the country, convicted of a
serious misdemeanor by the courts, was about to be spanked in front of his
teacher and several of his classmates who had been selected as witnesses. One of the students parents was also in
attendance as required by the juvenile court. The boy had been selected for the
special program at the women's prison because of his repeat offenses.

&nbsp;

Still totally unaware of the unrest which was going on in
other parts of the facility, the three matronly, 50-ish women who were in
charge of administering the Juvenile Offender's Program calmly walked the
schoolboy into what looked like a sparsely furnished home family room. In the middle of the room was a large square
upholstered foot stool. One of the women
sat on the stool while the other late middle-aged woman in a housedress stood
beside it. The boy was positioned in front of them and told to face a long floor-to-ceiling
curtain at the other end of the room. As soon as the boy nervously complied,
his arms at his side, the third older woman walked to
the end of the room and slowly drew the tall curtains open, revealing a the
other half of the room. There behind the
curtain stood a small gallery of witnesses facing the boy. They included his mother, his teacher Mrs.
Marlowe, and seven of his classmates - three boys and four girls  selected at
random and ordered to be in attendance.
All of the young students were neatly dressed.

&nbsp;

As soon as the curtain was completely drawn open, the matron,
seated behind the schoolboy, quietly ordered him to raise his arms above his
head. Once he complied, she left him
there to stand in silence for a full minute as the witnesses stared at him,
contemplating his fate. Then, in a calm,
maternal voice, the woman instructed the boy to apologize to his teacher. The boy nervously mumbled an apology to each
woman, mentioning the attractive, thirty-something Mrs. Marlowe by name. The
graying woman then instructed him to apologize to his mother. As he spoke words of regret to his 34-year-old
mother, the matron calmly reached around his waist and unhurriedly unbuttoned
his trousers. 

&nbsp;

As she unzipped his trousers, in a calm but clear voice the
matron announced &quot;Michael, because of your actions, Judge Katherine Blaine
Mitchell has ordered you to be brought here today, undressed completely, and
given a sound paddling over my lap in front of these witnesses.

&nbsp;

Michael remained facing the witnesses with his arms up high
as his pants were slipped down off his hips, revealing white briefs. As if to taunt him, the matron, as she
exposed his underwear to the witnesses, whispered Im going to bare you
completely young man adding and if you don't cooperate, or do as youre told,
after the paddle you'll get a taste of my leather strap - right where a young
man doesn't want it.&quot; As she spoke the matron pulled Michaels
pants all the way down to his ankles. As his pants came down several of the
young female classmate-witnesses snickered.

&nbsp;

Hearing the matron whisper her harsh words, Michael began to
silently cry, not out of fear, but out of shame as his classmates watched tears
of humiliation streak his cheeks. The
matron slowly pulled his pants, shoes, and socks off each foot as one unit,
stripping the boy down to his white brief underwear as another graying matron
pulled his shirt straight up over his head.


&nbsp;

Michael now stood facing his witnesses only in white briefs,
his arms raised overhead. The matron left him to stand there for another full
minute as she walked across the room to fetch her paddle. As she returned,
Michael caught a glimpse of the smooth, slim wooden paddle. His lower lip
quivered to his tears, but he remained silent. 

&nbsp;

His teacher and the four female classmates breathed heavy,
and some cleared their throats, as the matron reseated herself behind Michael.
Slipping her fingers under the elastic waistband of his underwear, the matron
pulled the boys final scrap of modesty down to his ankles and ordered him to
step out of them. When the shorts came
down, the three schoolboy witnesses, being the only other males in the large
room, blushed with him, palpably feeling Michaels shame. 

&nbsp;

Now standing completely stripped, Mrs. Marlowe and the four girl
witnesses got a clear glimpse of Michaels circumcised penis and smooth sack
before the matron turned him and placed him squarely across her lap, tugging
his shoulders to bring his creamy buttocks cheeks to an apex. Totally humiliated, tears ran down Michaels
cheeks even before the first swat of the wooden paddle landed. 

&nbsp;

Michael was crying aloud by the time his twin-scooped white
cheeks were about to receive the seventh stinging swat of the paddle from the
buxom, heavyset matron, when the gallery suddenly looked up in surprise and
confusion as four armed and helmeted soldiers, their faces panted with
camouflage, burst into the room, ordering FREEZE AND PUT YOUR HANDS UP! 

&nbsp;

An officer amongst the intruders briskly ordered the five
adult women in the room to line up against a wall. The eight classmates,
still-naked Michael included, were ordered to do the same at the other end of
the room, facing the women. 

&nbsp;

The combat-attired officer turned and asked the women Who
is in charge here?

&nbsp;

The attractive teacher and the graying fifty-ish matron both
began to speak at once. Mrs. Marlowe,
clearly shaken by the intrusion and concerned for their safety, began to
explain that she was in charge of the students. Interrupting her, the woman who
had been spanking Michael spoke up in a haughty voice, and said I am in charge
here and Ill have you know I was in the middle of administering a boys
correction. I demand to know what is going 

&nbsp;

Cutting her off in mid-sentence, the officer slapped the
woman across the face so hard she fell to her knees crying. As she clasped her
face with both hands, the officer grabbed her by her salt-and-pepper hair and
dragged her by her knees into the center of the room, then pulled straight up
on her hair, forcing the woman to stand. 

&nbsp;

Returning to the line up, the officer grabbed the
attractive, business-suited Mrs. Marlowe similarly by the hair and walked the
teacher forward and stood her next to the weeping matron, ordering both women
to raise their arms. 

&nbsp;

-- -- --
--- --

&nbsp;

Just before she exited the building onto the Parade Grounds,
a squad of soldiers waiting in a side room, sprang upon Warden Bowden and her
party, weapons drawn, as they made their way down the hallway. Wexlers nurse shrieked at the sight of the
leveled machineguns. Slowly raising her
arms, Anne Bowden softly pleaded Dont shoot, please dont shoot! Through the
corner of her eye she could see out the exit door at the end of the hallway
onto the Parade Grounds, where she got a glimpse of her guards lined up and
being strip-searched at gunpoint. Something has gone terribly wrong she
thought as a soldier patted her down for concealed weapons.

&nbsp;

-- -- --
--- --

&nbsp;

Unaware of any disruption, Dr. Wexler and two female assistants
were down in the Autopsy / Organ Harvest Room about to begin autopsies on several
cadavers. Four unconscious women hung by
their ankles in front of him, each positioned with her legs open as her hair
and arms dangled lifelessly toward the floor.
Wexler wanted to get this backlog out of the way to make room for Diane
and Tracey Howell, soon to be his star cadavers, and he expected them both shortly. 

&nbsp;

Each of the four women in front of him had had her pussy shaved
bare before her execution. A technician had
aligned each of the lifeless bodies with a corresponding large steel drain in
the white tile floor below them. All
four showed signs of having had her buttocks, and in two cares her breasts also,
strapped or whipped severely. Two of
the women looked to be in their late twenties, both with dark hair and medium
build with small breasts. A third woman, a redhead, was heavyset with big boobs
which now dangled toward the floor. She looked to be in her mid to late
thirties. Her white butt was repeatedly
marked with the long lines of a bullwhip. Unaware that soldiers were frisking
his boss at that very moment, Wexler decided to gut the redhead first. 

&nbsp;

Its a shame he thought as he sliced the heavyset redhead
from her chest to her pubis with a single long stoke of the laser knife, She
had such a nice pussy. It would be Dr Wexlers last pleasant thought for a
long time. 

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Crokett


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





