BDSM Library - King Ropemaker and the Revenge of the Fairies




King Ropemaker and the Revenge of the Fairies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: King Ropemaker confronts the greatest crisis of his reign.King Ropemaker and the Revenge of the Fairies   (Ropemaker
  Story II)  
By C  
I. The Crisis  
 Under his wise and benevolent rule, Ropemaker's kingdom had grown rich and
  happy. His favorite pastime was, and remained, fairy hunting. On many a day,
  the people of the kingdom would see him and his men riding back to the castle
  with a line of caught fairies stumbling behind them, their wrists and wings
  bound, their lovely faces red and wet from crying. Each one knew that soon
  she would be kicking at the end of a rope, either in public for the entertainment
  of the people, or in a private audience with the king and queen.  
 Over the years, King Ropemaker amassed an abundance of fairy lore and became
  ever more adept at bagging the elusive beauties. One crisis, however, nearly
  defeated him. It happened like this.  
 Ropemaker and his queen had a daughter, whom they loved very much. One day,
  when she was eighteen, the girl cut her hand on a thorn bush and fell into
  a strange, wasting sickness. She took to her bed and would not leave it. At
  about the same time, the crops began to fail, and the water in the kingdom
  turned brackish and bitter. Other people grew sick, and some died.  
 It wasn't long before the king realized that fairy enchantment was to blame.
  How then to counter it? He read anxiously through every book and scroll for
  a sign or incantation that would heal his daughter and his kingdom. Often he
  stood over her bed, accompanied by Elaine, the chief Lady-in-Waiting, and ran
  through every charm and spell he'd found that day. Nothing worked. The girl
  grew sicker and sicker, and so did the kingdom.  
 After months of this, only one faint shadow of hope remained. The king had
  heard of a wise woman who dwelt on a mountaintop many miles away. She was reputed
  to have been the world's greatest fairy hunter in her younger days, and to
  know more about the subject than anyone else. Did she even exist? The king
  meant to find out.  
II. The Quest  
 In secret, he summoned his three bravest knights and commanded them to find
  the old wise woman. In secret they set out, and it took them many days of perilous
  adventure before they came to the top of her mountain. When they got there,
  they discovered that the old woman did indeed exist. She welcomed them into
  her home and explained the full gravity of their situation.  
 &quot;Your king is a great threat to the fairies,&quot; she said, &quot;almost
  as great a threat as I was before I retired. So much do they fear and hate
  him that they have pooled much of their power and bestowed it on a band of
  chosen emissaries. These emissaries are now among you, disguised as human females.
  The disguise isn't perfect, and you'll have no trouble knowing them for what
  they are once you're pointed in the right direction. What you need is something
  that can sniff them out and then destroy their greatly augmented power. I have
  what you need.&quot;  
 With these words, she brought them a big wooden box. From inside it came
  muffled sounds of snuffling and whimpering, something like the whimpers of
  a dog. The woman told them a few things about the denizens of the box and then
  cautioned them: &quot;Don't let them out before you get back to the castle.
  If you do, they'll catch fairies, but not the ones you want.&quot; They thanked
  her and offered her gold, which she refused.  
 Then they set out on the long, dangerous journey back. They were three nights
  from home, seated around their campfire, when several fairies appeared. They
  had, as usual, the likeness of beautiful, lightly clad women with insect wings.
  They smiled, but their faces were cold. They began to beckon, and one of the
  knights got up and left the campfire to join them. His friends fought fiercely
  to hold him back, but he brushed them aside as if they had no strength at all.
  The next morning, they found him dead, the blood drained from his body.  
 The following evening, the fairies came back. Another knight left the campfire,
  despite every effort by his friend to restrain him. In the morning, the remaining
  knight found this man in the same condition as the first: lifeless and bloodless. &quot;Oh,
  what will I do?&quot; said the sole survivor. &quot;What will I do?&quot;  
 Just one night from home, as the survivor huddled near the fire for warmth,
  the fairies returned. Before they could work their spell on him, he desperately
  opened the box--just a crack, so that nothing could escape. From inside came
  the strangest howling he had ever heard. The fairies heard it too, and their
  cold smiles changed to looks of astonishment and terror. They shuddered and
  covered their trembling breasts and groins with their hands. A few shrieked,
  as if pierced by sharp teeth. Then they all disappeared. Sobbing, the surviving
  knight threw himself on the box lid and just barely got the latch back in place.  
III. The Capture  
 When he at last arrived at the castle, the knight found that things were
  even worse than before. The princess was further gone in her illness. Many
  had fled to escape what they thought was a contagion. The queen was in seclusion
  and would see no one. When he was brought to the throne room, the knight saw
  that the king slumped while sitting, as if wearied by a great weight.  
 &quot;Your Majesty,&quot; the knight said, &quot;I found the wise woman.&quot;  
 &quot;What . . . ?&quot; said the king.  
 &quot;The wise woman. She gave me this.&quot;  
 &quot;I see,&quot; he said. &quot;Well, what is it?&quot;  
 &quot;First, Your Majesty, may I ask: have any women left the castle since
  last night?&quot;  
 &quot;Why, yes, Elaine, the Lady-in-Waiting, and four of her maidservants.
  Early this morning . . . they left suddenly in a wagon. She said they were
  afraid of disease . . . and  
. . . .&quot;  
 &quot;And you let them go, Sire?&quot; asked the knight.  
 &quot;Yes I did; I was . . . I was . . . good Lord, I was bewitched!&quot;  
 &quot;I'm afraid so, Your Majesty. The fairies learned of our new weapon
  last night. I'm sure they warned their agents here at the castle.&quot;  
 &quot;Agents? How could I have been so blind?&quot;  
 &quot;They had more power than any other fairies we've encountered. But
  there's no time to discuss that now, Sire.&quot; As he said this, he unfastened
  the lid on the box and waited. One by one, five odd little creatures climbed
  out onto the floor and began to sniff here and there. They looked like wolf
  cubs, but were thinner, with sharper-pointed noses.  
 &quot;What in God's name . . . ?&quot; said the king.  
 &quot;Please, Your Majesty, wait a moment,&quot; said the knight.  
 As they looked on, the five little wolflets began to grow. Within minutes,
  they were as big as fair-sized dogs, very lean and with wickedly sharp teeth.
  They kept moving back and forth, sniffing the floor and the air. Then suddenly,
  as if by agreement, they all looked in the same direction and took off running.  
 &quot;We need to follow them, Sire!&quot; said the knight. &quot;They'll
  take us to those fairy spies, if it's not too late.&quot;  
 The two men dashed out of the throne room and ran from the castle to the
  main gate. There, soldiers on duty informed them that the dog-like, wolf-like
  critters had gone loping up the north road just moments before. The king called
  for horses and additional men, and then they all set out at a gallop.  
 They rode for several miles, until they came to a place where the road forked
  left and right. Which way to go now? Had the strange creatures left a trail?
  No matter. From the left, they heard a thin, high, despairing scream--surely
  the cry of a woman. This was followed by another, and yet another. They took
  off galloping in that direction, entered a forest, and came round a sharp turn.
  Here the road passed through a large meadow in the midst of the forest. What
  they now saw filled them with amazement and fear.  
 As the men learned later, the five impostors had gotten as far as the meadow.
  Then their wagon stuck in a huge mud puddle, and their team of horses could
  not pull it free. They were still in human--partly human--form and would remain
  that way for several weeks; thus they could not fly away. They had no magic
  for stuck wagons, and no physical strength to speak of. So they had waited
  by the road, hoping for another wagon or carriage to come along. Surely they'd
  get a ride, dressed as they were in aristocratic finery: lovely bell skirts
  that flared out well above their knees, snow-white crinoline petticoats, and
  high-heeled pumps. (Why hadn't they taken more practical outfits? Women in
  the castle didn't have practical outfits.) They knew the danger their sisters
  had warned them of last night only by rumor. They had no idea how swiftly it
  would descend on them.  
 When the men arrived, they saw, first, the stranded wagon. The horses that
  had drawn it had evidently broken their harness and fled. About thirty feet
  beyond the wagon was a pair of big oak trees. Backed up against each tree was
  a maidservant, her blouse and skirt in disarray. The girls were shielding their
  breasts and groins with their hands while they kicked out frantically at the
  two wolflets that were lunging at them, now from the left, now from the right.
  Every now and then, one of the dog-like critters would nip, coaxing a shrill
  scream from his victim each time.  
 &quot;They're playing with them,&quot; said the king.  
 Beyond the oak trees to their left they saw Lady Elaine (she was closest)
  and the two other maidservants. They were on their backs in a kind of trophy
  line. A wolflet stood at attention near the feet of each girl.  
 The knight turned to the king and said: &quot;Your Majesty, these animals
  have a venom in their saliva. After a while, the prey succumbs to it, falls,
  and then she's lined up alongside her friends, like this.&quot;  
 &quot;Remarkable,&quot; said the king.  
 The three girls were kicking, weakly, but the wolflets, doglets--whatever
  they were--hardly seemed to notice, even when a high-heeled foot connected.
  The girls' big bell skirts and crinolines had been shoved back past their waists.
  As the men watched in fascination, Elaine's captor seized her panties in his
  jaws and slowly worried them down to her knees. She tried to stop this, but
  the beast just brushed her hands away and kept on tugging. They could see now
  that Elaine had a pubic triangle of flame-red hair, very different from the
  auburn locks on her head. This was her true color. The true colors of the girls
  next to her were soon revealed as well: violet and leaf green. The wolflets
  now started nipping and nuzzling at the softness they'd uncovered.  
 Each girl was sobbing broken-heartedly. The king approached, and Elaine
  turned to him with a look of such anguish on her face that he felt pity in
  spite of himself.  
 &quot;Please, Lord,&quot; she said. &quot;Do whatever you like with us;
  just make them go away.&quot;  
 &quot;I'll do whatever I like with you whether they go or not,&quot; said
  the king. But he turned to the knight and asked: &quot;Is there a way to call
  off the beasts?&quot; &quot;Yes, Majesty,&quot; the younger man said, and then
  repeated words the old woman had taught him. The five critters did not look
  pleased, but they immediately retired to a point about fifty feet away. The
  two maidservants who had not been brought down now fell weeping to their knees.  
 The king commanded his men: &quot;Secure them, clean them up, and question
  them. If they're able to walk again within three hours, bring them before me.&quot; The
  soldiers sprang to work and carried the five injured fairies off.  
 When three hours had passed, the fairies, all of whom could walk haltingly
  now, were brought back, their clothing tidied up to some extent, their wrists
  bound firmly behind them. In the meantime, their wagon had been pulled, with
  great effort, from the mud and wheeled under a strong limb of one of the oak
  trees. This limb now sported five nooses. The fairies were made to stand in
  a line in front of the king. They held their heads down in shame and fear,
  for they were utterly vanquished, utterly undone.  
 &quot;Show them all for what they are,&quot; said the king. Men came from
  behind and tore away their skirts, crinolines, and panties, so that they all
  stood exposed as fairies. &quot;Red, violet, green, blue, and white,&quot; said
  the king. &quot;Very pretty, like everything else about you. But your beauty
  won't save you. Have you any last words, Elaine?&quot;  
 Her voice and body shaking, Elaine spoke: &quot;I . . . I've been captured
  twice in one day, Lord: first by those . . . beasts, a second time by you.
  I've led my sisters into disaster. Our hopes our dead, our . . . &quot; (here
  she gave a bitter sob, then composed herself as best she could) &quot;our panties
  are down. Please . . . do it quickly.&quot;  
 &quot;Very well,&quot; said the king and gave the customary command.  
 The soldiers led the women, trembling and weeping quietly, over to the wagon.
  They were then made to stand on one edge of it (not easy in high heels!) while
  the nooses were drawn tight around their necks. After a few minutes, at a sign
  from the king, the wagon was pulled away. You would have thought the dog-like
  critters had taken most of the kick out of them, but they found their stride
  once again. Still, they  were  tired, and it was over
  very soon. When they were done, King Ropemaker came over to Elaine and slipped
  his fingers into the wetness of her pussy. Then he tasted them. &quot;Delicious,&quot; he
  said. He then turned to the knight. &quot;Will my daughter be all right now?&quot;  
 &quot;The old woman thought so, Your Majesty.&quot;  
 &quot;Where did those creatures go?&quot;  
 &quot;Back to their mistress, Sire.&quot;  
 &quot;Good. It's too easy when they're around. Takes the fun out of everything.
  By the way, what in God's name are they?&quot;  
 &quot;She called them Co-yo-te, Your Majesty. They're from a magic land
  to the southwest, where the fairies are a lot tougher than ours.&quot;  
 &quot;Well, let's find a way to thank the old dear,&quot; said the king.
  He gave Elaine a swat on the rear, and left her swinging there.  
The End  
(For El Coyote, who I think would be an eager fairy hunter.)  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





