BDSM Library - Janes Revenge




Janes Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Apartner catches her man with an over active sex drive having several affairs and gets her revengeJane's Revenge  
David &amp; Emma Beck 2005, Sydney, Australia  
Jane sat in the office waiting for her appointment to begin. A few moments
  later the door opened and in walked a mid 30's woman dressed in a formal black
  suit.  
"Hello Im Diane May, sorry to have kept you waiting. Now where would you
  like to begin"  
"Well I had him followed about 2 weeks ago" said Jane "Id suspected him for
  a while but had no idea to what extent his affairs went to"  
"Firstly at about 11:00 in the morning he visited a gentlemen's clubs for
  1 hour. Then he met a woman for lunch at a hotel where he had a room. Mid afternoon
  he was seen with a know dominatrix, the list goes on"  
"I see so you want us to deal with his obviously high miss-directed sex drive" said
  Dianne.  
"Yes said Jane " I also want the fucker severely punished"  
Dianne smiled " We can make him suffer in ways that only a woman can cause"  
"Good" said Jane " I will think of a way to have him in your hands tomorrow"  
Next day Jane and David sat in Dianne's office. Again Dianne walked in with
  another woman. "This is Clare she will be talking through your financials this
  morning but first coffee" As Clare started discussing the state of their joint
  accounts Diane went out and returned with 3 coffees. Offering them to David
  and Clare. About 20 mins later David was struggling to stay awake. "God I'm
  sleepy" he sighed and started to fall back into his chair. "Good said Dianne
  and thank you Clare you may leave us now" Clare is a very capable woman. She
  will be supervising David's treatment. We can handle it from here feel free
  to drop in anytime and see how we are going. I think you'll enjoy what you
  see."  
Next day Jane was walking along a corridor with Dianne. " We cater for many
  things here. We have a basic brothel with about 30 girls, and then our sex
  re-education facility with a female staff of about 10. We currently have 7
  male patients undergoing various treatments nearly all at the requests of angree
  partners." They walked into a room with a large one way mirror. Jane gasps
  at what was happening in the room on the other side of it.  
David was secured to an examination table spread-eagled. The table between
  his legs had been removed allowing complete access to his cock. His head was
  supported again on a cut away section of table with two-foot supports about
  3 feet below his head. Two women entered the room and waved at the one-way
  mirror. David's cock was erect beyond belief and soaked in pre cum. He was
  straining to lift his head and trying to loosen his hands.  
The first woman produced a hypodermic and proceeded to apply a swab to the
  tip pf David's cock. "Allow me to explain what is happening that injection
  is going to sensitize David's cock beyond belief. It will make him so aroused
  extra blood will flow into his cock causing it to swell. He will also become
  extremely sexually aroused. Bearing in mind he already has an out of control
  sex drive &ndash; his need to cum will become extreme to the point of desperation,
  now sit back and enjoy."  
The first woman slowly removed her cloths and started to circle a finger
  around David's nipples. She then run a finger over his now bursting cock soaking
  it in pre cum. She then slowly rubbed this onto David's lips. David was now
  wide eyed and frantic. The second woman pulled a chair between David's legs
  and ran a fingernail over his cock while gently tickling his balls. The fist
  woman then climbed onto the foot supports either side of David's head and sat
  down on his face with her open pussy spread over him. When in position she
  gestured to the other woman how passed her a small vibrator. "Ive given a general
  staff request that every girl here cums on David's face at least once a day
  and please realize all my girls are have extremely high sex drives and unbelievable
  sexual appetites. In fact there are few occasions when I've visited when he
  hasn't had one of my girls cumming on his face."  
The girl squatting over him pulled back her pussy and casually applied the
  tip of the vibrator to her clit while smiling at the other woman who was now
  slowly running her hand over David's cock. She then pulled his balls down open
  her mouth and sank down pulling him deep into her mouth swirling her tongue
  over the tip of his cock. She then started to aggressively suck him rapid hard
  strokes deep into her throat and then out over the tip of his cock. Jane could
  see David struggle against the bindings. As he started to involuntarily buck
  his hips forcing his cock further into her mouth she suddenly stopped pulling
  her mouth away leaving his throbbing cock pouring pre cum jerking in the air
  with David frantically trying to thrust it back into her mouth. The girl on
  his face was now starting to gasp and work the vibrator over her pussy a bit
  faster. The other girl then re commenced sucking David's cock this time very
  very slowly. Dianne smiled. "These girls are the best, she knows exactly the
  moment that David is about to cum and exactly when to stop to prevent his climax.
  See how she waits just long enough before staring again. She has the ability
  to keep him agonizingly close to orgasm indefinitely. Each time she denies
  his release he will become more desperate. If he didn't have Jacky cumming
  on his mouth you wouldn't believe how he is pleading for one extra stroke to
  finish him off. Please they will be about an hour working him would you like
  coffees. Id like you to see him them."  
An hour later they returned just as the girl was climbing off David's soaked
  face giving him a long deep kiss. The girl in-between his legs was now deep
  on his cock not moving her mouth at all. "Good morning David, having fun"  
 "Why are you doing this to me he pleaded please my cock help me I cant bear
  it"  
"Oh yes orgasms are so important aren't they when was the last time you really
  focused you attention on giving Jane one" David started to plead but Dianne
  shushed him. "Oh do stop moaning". She stepped out of her black lacy undoes
  and forced them into David's mouth. "Well Jane its plain to see from how flustered
  you are and that you are finding this all highly erotic. I would like to make
  it more fun for you please undress" Jane was about to protest but was having
  way to much fun looking at poor David's throbbing cock. She had never seen
  it quite so swollen. Diane pick up the phone and said " can you send Dee in
  please" Now Jane this will feel weird but you will get used to it please lie
  down here. Jane lay down on an examination chair that was then raised so her
  open pussy was exposed right over David face. He was forced to look right into
  her open wet sex.  
"Oh my David look how wet she is and I must say you have a beautiful pussy.
  Imagine that sliding up and down your cock, milking every last drop out of
  you. Would you like that David' their was a desperate mumble though the undies
  stuffed into David's mouth. Following a knock a young dark haired girl walked
  in. Thank you Dee you've been briefed on David here. This is his partner who
  I don't believe he has been really pleasured in months. When was the last time
  you came Jane. " Jane had to think. "God its weeks ago and then it was only
  because I masturbated." Dee said "Good you should really enjoy this then"  
"Let me introduce Dee, she is our pussy eating expert and a tantric sex master,
  if you follow her instructions you will feel you orgasm in your eye lashes.
  Now Ill leave you to it relax and enjoy."  
"OK' said Dee "David I hope you have good view of Janes pussy. Please look
  and learn. Jane I am going to make you cum several times so I want you to totally
  relax and focus on your clit. It is important you breath very deeply and I
  want noise. I want all you energy going into these orgasms. Don't worry we
  are fully sound proofed. As important is the fact that you know I am not going
  to stop so you don't need to chase your climax, just allow it to cum to you
  in its own time &ndash; we have all day if you need it." With that Dee started
  to slowly circle James clit with her hot tongue. Occasionally running it down
  around her ass hole then probing into her before going back to her clit. Every
  time she felt Jane tensing she would pause and instruct her to relax totally.
  In a matter of moments Jane could feel the cycle of her orgasm starting to
  take over gasping into her deep breaths. Dee stroked her back into a relaxed
  state that was becoming impossible to maintain as her climax was building.
  Finally she was beyond it and her body took over. Screaming as her orgasm began
  signaled Dee to savagely start sucking and licking her devouring every nerve
  as her subject yelled into the most intense orgasm she had ever felt. The onslaught
  when on and on each breath taking her higher and higher, Just as Jane thought
  this was as intense as it could possibly get Dee would skillfully switch to
  another area of her pussy and take her beyond her wildest dreams. Finally she
  had to beg Dee to stop. Dee gently kissed her open legs and smiled at her.
  David's face was soaked in Janes cum.  
Dee gently helped Jane out of her chair and left her shaking. 'Wow' said
  Jane 'I had no idea my body could do that thank you so much."  
"Your welcome" said Dee. "There is a shower just out side. I suggest you
  go and have a long one and then a coffee."  
Dee was now busy re arranging the room for David's next session.  
It was a good two hours before Jane finally made it back to the observation
  room. She felt complete and very relaxed. Dee was still with David in a 69
  she was urgently sucking his cock with a finger pressed under his balls feeling
  for the moment just when he was about to cum. As he flinched she pulled back
  licking the very tip of his cock, before going back down on him. Jane assumed
  this had been going on for the whole 2 hours she had been away. However what
  was of more interest to Jane was what was happening at the other end. There
  were three naked guys, two queuing and one with his cock thrusting in and out
  of Dees pussy. Jane could see cum pouring out of Dee over David's face. With
  a grunt the guy came deep inside Dee causing it to flow over her clit as he
  pulled out. The next guy stepped forward and inserted his cock and started
  to fuck her again. David was struggling to move his face but was gripped between
  Dee's muscular thighs. At that moment Dianne walked in and picked up a chart
  next to Dee." Ah said Dianne so he was number 25 " Jane gasped behind the mirror. " how
  long before you need a break she said".  
"Oh I'm planning to take about another 15 or so. I was due a good fucking" Dianne
  left he room and went to see Jane."Amzing isn't she. I've never met a woman
  who can simply cum and cum like Dee is able to" She rocked back on David's
  cock with her open mouth as a fourth guy slide his cock into her overflowing
  pussy.  
We should see how he's coping in about an hour or so.  
When they returned Dee was looking a little bored. She was sat down with
  David's cock deep inside her pussy reading a technical paper. When she finished
  a page she raised herself up to the tip of his cock before sitting quickly
  back down.  
Diane removed the gag from David causing him to gasp. He was a mess just
  gasping please let me cum. My cock is in so much pain. I cant go on Ahhhhhhh"  
Thank you Dee you may leave us now. With that Dee climbed off his cock and
  left the room.  
"Would you like to cum David?" said Dianne. " Oh god yes he gasped" "mmmmm
  well I suppose we could let Jane wank you off" anything he moaned.  
You get exactly 50 strokes though if you cant cum by then then she will stop.
  David looked horrified as Jane giggled grabbing his wet slippy cock  
1 she gave him a slow gentle stroke barely touching him  
By the 10 th  stroke she was enjoying the power
  as he screamed for a little faster and harder  
At 45 he was starting to throb. Only 5 more left David said Jane as she counted
  down 4,3,2,1 Oh dear I think a couple more would have done it too. Never mind
  she giggled what fun. She was sure she heard David sobbing as she left the
  room.  
Diane followed her. "He is now going to have a break for a couple of hours.
  He has a big night ahead of him see you in the morning."  
The next morning Jane was again In Diane's office. " We wont get any sense
  out of him this morning he's spent the last 12 hours connected to one of our
  more inventive peaces of equipment. Jane followed Diane into the now familiar
  room. David was writhing and gasping in agony. "We had to restrain him more
  last nigh at about 3 am." David was connected to a panel via several tubes
  and wires. One wire came out of his ass. Around his cock was a rubber tube
  slowly inflating and deflating. Over the tip of his cock was a stainless steel
  cover. As they were entering the room a woman was just in the final stages
  of a very noisy orgasm while sitting on David's face. She climbed off and walked
  out of the room. David was gasping and groaning as if in the early stages of
  a massive orgasm  
 "Let me explain what is happening."  
The device on the tip of his cock is full of very soft brushes and a thick
  lubricant. It gives the most delicious sensations. We have one designed for
  the clit if you'd like to try it.. The band stimulates the shaft of his cock
  milking him constantly. I told the combination of the two is just divine for
  any man. Now you will also notice the wires coming out of his ass. This is
  a sensor attached to his prostrate glad. It can detect with increabable accuracy
  the moment of orgasm. This controls the cock device. With this level of control
  its possible to keep David exactly on the edge of cumming indefinitely. Watch"  
David was gasping and moaning as if cumming. There was a high pitch buzz
  coming from the device on the tip of his cock. Just as David was about to breath
  a deep breath in the noise stopped and David groaned almost inhumanly. Within
  seconds the buzz started again causing David to begin his orgasm cycle again.
  After about 20 seconds it stopped again, then restarted.  
The door open and in walked a woman who started undressing and then climbed
  onto David's face. Smiling she asked if Diane could hand her her vibrator. "Of
  course dear" and she was handed a small but very powerful looking clit stimulator.
  Within second she was lost in her pleasure smiling at Jane.  
To keep him feeling nice and sexy we are also keeping him supplied with our
  own special stimulants.  
Diane smiled at Jane. You look a little distracted my dear. Would you like
  another little session with Dee? I think we could show David just how sexual
  you can be. "Well" said Jane "all of this is making me feel a little horny." "Excellent
  said Jane. "Please go take a shower and come to my office while I organize
  it for you."  
Jane enjoyed her shower allowing the hot water to run over her body. Running
  a hand between her legs she found she was surprisingly wet. She paid special
  attention to washing herself in anticipation of what was to come. She dried
  and wrapped herself in a large bath towel and waked down the corridor to Diane's
  office.  
"Hi" said "Diane you look divine." Here drink this" she handed Jane a small
  glass of green liquid." Don't be afraid it's a mixture of pheromones, MDMA
  and stimulants it will make you feel very sexy" Jane smiled and drank the glass
  in one hit. " Shall we go said Diane. They entered the room and Jane was amazed.
  David had been swung into an upright position in front of a huge soft covered
  platform on which Dee lay dressed in very revealing stockings and suspenders.
  Arranged around her was a huge selection of toys ranging from whips to an enormous
  strap on dildo. But what caught janes attention were the five well hung guys
  standing with their hands behind their backs against the wall. Dee smiled and
  got to her feet. Hello again Jane how are you feeling. Jane had to admit see
  was horny beyond belief. Dee slipped her dressing gown to the floor and remarked
  to David. " Such a shame what a lovely body she has" with that she slipped
  a finger into Janes wet pussy and then dragged it over davids lips.  
Dee gently pushed Jane down onto the platform and crouched over her kissing
  her erect nipples. She slowly moved down swinging a leg over Janes face into
  a 69.  
"Umm roll over "she gestures as Jane thrust her head down onto Dees huge
  swollen clit.  
Jane gasped as she felt Dee's experienced mouth locate and clamp on to her
  clit greedily devouring her "oh my god" was all she could manage as a feeling
  like nothing she had ever felt overwhelmed her. Just as she though she was
  going to die from the pleasure of it she felt the first huge cock nudge against
  her aching cunt. Unbelievably slowly forcing its way into her stretching her
  almost unbearably wide.  
All she was able to do was fall onto Dee's clit as the cock started to thrust
  in and out of her. At the same time Dee increased the speed of her tongue on
  her clit. "We have five cocks to get through so you had better pace yourself
  laughed Dee. "Oh yes please" gasped Jane feeling her first of what she hoped
  would be many climaxes building her pussy. As Jane greedily chewed on Dees
  ever swelling clit she felt a cock brush her lips and push its way into Dees
  soaking pussy. Jane urgently grabbed it wanking it into her  
Squeezing his balls as he started to thrust  
With each stroke she urgently licked Dees clit. She was determined to make
  Dee cum very intensely. She didn't have to wait long the effects of janes tongue
  and the huge cock forcing its way in and out of her was just to much and with
  in a short time Dee was cumming unashamedly screaming and forcing janes face
  into her. As Jane also started slipping into the most intense orgasm of her
  life, the cock pulled out and exploded jets of hot cum onto Dees soaking cunt.
  Jane unashamedly licked and swallowed. The cock in her pussy was starting to
  throb and Jane felt a huge amount of cum squirt into her contracting orgasming
  pussy as the cock withdrew she reached back holding herself open above Dee's
  mouth and forced a hot stream of cum into Dees open mouth.  
Mean while David was gasping at what he was seeing he had know idea his partner
  could be so sexual. "I understand David has a passion for BDSM. Have you ever
  whipped a woman Jane" This was something Jane had never even considered but
  their was an erotic facetted to it. " I love to whipped, and I mean really
  whipped not just spanked, I like to be made to feel such agony that I loose
  control. You can whip my ass and all over my cunt till I faint. Would this
  excite you Jane. Jane considered this strange request and nodded. "Very well" said
  Dee and she indicated to the men still standing in the room. A large soft covered
  waist high bench was brought into the room. One man positioned Dee bent over
  it while a second spread her legs infeasible wide and tied them to the legs
  of the bench. Her hands were then tied to the other legs. Dee was now fully
  secured with her pussy wide open in front of David and her ass held up into
  the air. Jane could not resist the urge to run a finger over her exposed clit.
  She was surprised at the tension she felt in it. On this queue a man came and
  attached two clamps to each pussy lip and secured them holding her wide open.
  Oh well thought Jane if it has to be hard and she picked up a long wale bone
  whip. Quite stiff and long. It made a loud whistle as she tested it in the
  air. She brought it down with a loud Smack across Dees cheeks. Disappointedly
  their was not a sound from Dee. She had a least expected a gasp. Undetermined
  she brought it down harder leaving thin red marks across both cheeks. Finally
  she stood back and put her whole body weight into the swing, making a crack
  that shot around the room. At last this did raise a slight gasp from Dee. She
  then started to really work Dee' ass as hard as she could. Criss cross red
  welt now covering both checks. Dee was also now sighing and starting to sweat
  as each blow fell. Jane stopped and toughed her red-hot ass. She was still
  disappointed she had raised no screams. Dee was panting but still very much
  in control. Jane moved positions so she could bring the whip down into Dees
  as crack and let the sharp end of the whip wrap over her pussy with the tip
  just reaching the tip of her exposed clit.  
Dee sensed the change in position and adjusted herself against the bindings
  making herself ready.  
"We will start with 20 strokes" Jane said. "Each one will get harder" after
  the first 20 we will start again and again until you either cum or faint. Do
  you understand"  
"Yes" said Dee now a little shakily.  
The first stroke worked as planed and was not particularly hard but as the
  tip of her clit came into contact Dee let out a loud Ahhhhh. Good thought Jane
  plenty to go yet. By the 5 th  stroke Dee was starting
  to whimper and was soaked in sweat from the exertion. At 10 the strokes were
  now very hard and the first of what could be described as a scream came from
  Dee. The last 10 did the trick and the noise now coming from Dee was very loud
  and almost inhuman. At last they reached 20 and Jane stopped out of breath
  to inspect her handy work. Dees pussy was very red and her clit looked particularly
  saw.  
You didn't cum Dee, which means we will start all over again after I get
  a glass of water. She walked over and guided one of the men by his hard cock
  sliding it into Dees tortured pussy. And you keep her on the boil for me " said
  Jane as she left the room".  
Jane returned to gasps from Dee as the massive cock further tortured her
  freshly whipped cunt. "Ah looks like I'm just in time as the man took one hard
  thrust and came deep inside her. As he withdrew cum spilled from her open sex
  flowing over her clit.  
Jane picked up a long heavy single tail whip from the wall. "Umm at school
  I was the best we towel flicker in my class. I wonder I still have it and she
  cracked the whip against David's thigh making him yell and leaving a bright
  red welt. For a moment she was concerned this could actually me too much for
  Dee's clit. Oh well one way to find out she stood back and took aim. The whistle
  and the crack were very impressive. What pleased jane more was the response
  fron Dee. Her screams was barely human and went on and on reducing itself to
  a desperate whimper.  
"1" said Jane the next stroke had a little more force but was equally accurate.
  By the 5 th  stroke Dee's screams were now continuous
  each blow simple raised the pitch a little as she strained and bucked in her
  bindings. At 19 Dee was a mess of sweat and low moaning "Please don't stop
  she gasped I'm cumming so intensely. With this Jane gave up the count and started
  whipping her clit as fast and as hard as she could as Dee collapsed into a
  massive orgasm. Jane was pleased as she watched her cunt contracting and moisture
  poured out of her. Finally she gasped "please stop. Jane put down the whip
  and went to stroke Dee's soaked her. Dee was panting "thank you" she said.
  Jane smiled "Dee you know how unbelievable sensitive your clit is just after
  you have cum !!!" Dee now looked really worried as Jane picked up a long cane
  . "Oh no" strained Dee against her bindings " I so sensitive please no more. "Just
  the final 20" Jane laughed and landed a full force cane stroke of Dee's still
  throbbing clit. Nothing could describe the sounds coming from Dee as stroke
  after stock fell down exactly on her exposed clit. By 20 Dee collapsed and
  Jane put down the cane gesturing to the men to release her and lay her onto
  the platform.  
Dee lay on the platform curled up sobbing as Diane walked it " oh my' she
  said "haven't we been having fun. I takes a great deal to break Dee well done" she
  sat down and cradled Dee's head sobbing uncontrollably in her lap. She lifted
  her exhausted face and looked Jane in the eyes. " Thank you" she managed to
  gasp as she was helped to her feet and hobbled out of the room assisted by
  the men her legs still open and obviously intensely painful.  
"Well David, I should take this as a warning if I were you, that could have
  been the tip of your cock"  
It was a smiling Jane and a not so happy David that stepped into the Taxi
  heading for home about an hour later. On Jane's key ring was a small key. The
  key unlocked the stainless steel cage that covered his now soft cock. Locked
  behind his balls, short of removing his balls the cage would be impossible
  to remove. Becoming erect or making himself cum would have been out of the
  question. Jane had strict instructions from Diane never to unlock the cage
  without David being restrained and replace the cage after she had finished
  using his cock. Her final words were " You have a changed man enjoy"  
End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  David & Emma Beck


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





