BDSM Library - Mariah




Mariah
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife sells husband to dominant lesbian couple who transform his body and life.David didn't understand the ramifications of what his wife meant when, as
  he drifted off to sleep, she told him goodbye. He and Lesley had been talking
  divorce and that night, over too many glasses of wine, they'd agreed to finally
  go ahead and end their marriage. David had been against it: He still loved
  Lesley, but she was determined to move on.  
When David woke up he was not in his bed. He was severely bound in a Lucite
  box on the floor of the back of a moving truck. Various needles were in his
  arms and led to various drip feeds. A ball gag was stuck in his mouth and a
  drip feed from that gave him drizzles of water occasionally. Lesley stood over
  him along with two young women who were very tall and quite muscular.  
Lesley announced to the waking David, &quot;This is Karey...&quot; and a
  beautiful blonde nodded at him with a look of superiority over him. &quot;...And
  this is Rebecca.&quot; and a beautiful red head smirked at him. Lesley said, &quot;But
  you can call them mommy. I've sold you to them and they are going to make you
  into their little girl!&quot; With that, the three women exited the truck and
  pulled down the back door, shrouding David in darkness.  
David passed out in the truck as it travelled a long distance. When he awoke,
  Karey and Rebecca revealed to him what they had had done. David's thumbs had
  been amputated and his fingers were sewn together. Drugs had robbed him of
  his adult strength and his was as weak as a baby and had great difficulty walking.
  His testicles had been removed and he longer could achieve a male orgasm. His
  bowel and bladder control was destroyed and he would forevermore constantly
  wet and dirty the diapers he was now required to wear. He body had been completely
  denuded of hair, with the exception of the hair on top of his head. David would
  also discover over the next several days that his intelligence had by reduced
  by hypnosis to that of a three year old child.  
Months passed...  
A normal day at the household: David, now named Mariah by his new mommies,
  Karey and Rebecca, was awakened by one of the mommies. She would pull him out
  of his crib and carry him easily (They being quite muscular and he now under
  one hundred pounds) to his changing table. This morning, Karey had woke up
  her baby girl and removed his frilly pink Barbie nightgown and then his panties
  and his dirty diaper. She held his legs aloft by his thin ankles and cleaned
  up the mess. Then she oiled and powered his ass and genital area, tickling
  the area where his testicles used to hang with her three inch long silver fingernails.
  She put a fresh diaper on.  
Many days, David was given a perm and this was to be one of them, his mommy
  announced. Karey picked out a very frilly, very pretty pink taffeta dress,
  pink frilly panties and socks and a pink pair of Mary Janes for David to wear
  that day.  
No need for a hair bow today, Karey announced, because &quot;Miss Thing has
  a hair appointment this morning.&quot;  
Karey told David to get dressed while she went downstairs for a cigarette.
  David knew what this meant: Be dressed and downstairs for inspection by the
  time she finished her cigarette. Even though his mommy (actually both) smoked
  impossibly long cigarettes, he often had trouble dressing and being downstairs
  in time. Failure to do so would result in a spanking and David feared their
  harsh spankings that hurt so bad, so he hustled as fast as he could. David's
  walk downstairs was always an adventure due to his lack of strength. But he
  made it and stood at attention before a sitting Karey as she ground out her
  Max Menthol 120.  
As the final stream of smoke trailed out of her mouth she looked up toward
  David and said, &quot;That was cutting it awfully close, Miss Priss!&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry, mame.&quot; David sniffed with his eyes down, as he was
  strictly ordered to do during inspections.  
&quot;Well...&quot; Karey implored, &quot;Are you going to start getting
  your ass in gear like you're told to do, or should Rebecca and I just start
  spanking your lazy ass every morning?&quot;  
The word &quot;spanking&quot; caused David to start crying and he bellowed
  amid tears, &quot;I'll be faster, mame. I won't dawdle. I'm sorry, mommy.&quot;  
&quot;That's better, Mariah.&quot; Karey said, an unlit cigarette bouncing
  up and down in her mouth as she said it. She lit the cigarette and stood, kissed
  David on the cheek. &quot;Let's go start your perm,&quot; she said, already
  heading to the kitchen, &quot;Be a big girl and bring mommy's cigarettes and
  lighter, Mariah.&quot;  
David picked up the long green, white and gold pack of the long, slim cigarettes
  Karey smoked and thought to himself, &quot;She's only 19, which is too damn
  young to smoke anyway and she's young enough to be my daughter. I love to smoke
  and I'm forbidden.&quot;  
Karey and Rebecca would often, though, allow Mariah to take a drag off of
  their cigarettes. Still David's angry thoughts smouldered. But they suddenly
  disappeared when he noticed the tattoos on the inside of each wrist. Both were
  the same: &quot;Mariah&quot; written in elegant script in black ink and shadowed
  in pink ink. Just as suddenly, David's anger subsided. He was no longer David,
  he was Mariah and he had to obey these beautiful 19 year old girls. He dutifully
  walked to the kitchen, where Karey stood with her arms crossed and tapping
  one of her boots. She wore her normal skintight, mirror-shiny PVC black pants
  with the platform boots with the stiletto heels that pushed her height to 6'3&quot; dwarfing
  David's 5'2&quot; frame.  
David held out the cigarettes and lighter in one of his deformed hands and
  said, &quot;Here, mommy...&quot;  
&quot;I thought we'd agree you'd stop dawdling?&quot; she said angrily.  
&quot;I'm sorry, mame.&quot; he said and before it was out of his mouth,
  Karey slapped him across the face.  
As the pain of the slap seared, David started crying again and Karey yanked
  him by the arm to the salon sink area of the kitchen and threw him effortlessly
  into the chair in front of it. As she angrily washed his long hair, she stood
  over him with the cigarette dangling from her mouth, with a three inch ash
  on the end. Karey finished washing the hair, wrapped it up in a towel and ground
  out the cigarette. She dried the hair a bit and then started working the foul-
  smelling perm solution in. Once it was absorbed, she combed the hair and started
  on the curlers. Each curler was metallic gold and Karey wound hair around each
  one and pulled it tight before attaching it to his head by a long, heavy silver
  clip. Karey's anger had resulted in her pulling the curlers on impossibly tight
  and David's head hurt badly and as always, the perm solution was burning his
  scalp.  
Tears formed around the rim of David's eyes from the pain and as Karey surveyed
  her work, cascading his head in curlers, she smoked a cigarette and yelled
  at him, &quot;Mariah, grow up, you damn crybaby!&quot;  
David sat and tried to hold backs the tears as Karey got his breakfast. She
  filled a food processor with a can of spinach, several handfuls of prunes,
  oatmeal and liberal doses of castor oil. This created an unappetizing dark
  brown mush that she spoon-fed to David as she finished her cigarette and after
  she had tied a big Hello Kitty bib around his neck. Then she filled his juice
  cup up with the only beverage David was allowed to drink: It contained apple
  juice, prune juice, castor oil and piss from Karey and Rebecca. David and his
  mommy sat at the table while she smoked and he drank his juice, awkwardly holding
  the juicy cup with both of his deformed hands. Anticipation was hanging in
  the air, as David knew some form of punishment was coming for his slowness
  this morning. Karey pondered and finally meted out her punishment. David shivered
  in anticipation of a spanking.  
&quot;I think you'll be cleaning the ashtrays today, Mariah.&quot;  
David breathed a mammoth sigh of relief, bringing a slight smile to Karey's
  face.  
&quot;Mommy's being pretty nice today, isn't she, young lady?&quot; she said.  
&quot;Yes, mommy! Thank you, mame! I'll try to be better!&quot; David chirped
  in the same ass-kissing voice he used to use on his boss at work when he was
  a regular adult male.  
&quot;What did you do to be such a lucky little girl, Mariah?&quot; Karey
  asked David as she flicked a long ash from her cigarette on to David's tongue,
  which he swallowed.  
&quot;I don't know, mommy.&quot; he beckoned in response. &quot;I'm a lucky
  little girl.&quot;  
Karey made David a big, juicy sippy cup to drink while he cleaned the ashtrays.
  While it included the regular ingredients, she added medication, that while
  not making it possible for him to not get queasy cleaning the ashtrays, would
  at least not allow him to actually vomit. David was told to start with the
  ashtray in kitchen and he dutifully hovered over it and used his tongue to
  pick up the many cigarettes in it and chew them up and swallow them. Then he
  licked up all of the ashes and licked until the ashtray was sparkling. He did
  the same with the ashtrays in the dining room, den, living room and each of
  the ashtrays on either side of his mommies' bed. In all, he had eaten over
  100 cigarettes and their ashes. During his task, David had dirtied his diaper
  and he recoiled at the displeasure of it. He'd never reconciled himself with
  the fact that he had no bowel or bladder control. Pissing his diaper was one
  thing, soiling it was another. Every single time provided him with discomfort
  and, when he was changed by one of his mommies, considerable humiliation.  
When David was done cleaning the ashtrays he felt very unsteady and quite
  bloated. He toddled downstairs to the kitchen where Karey had been joined by
  her wife, Rebecca. Both were smoking. Karey lounged in a seat while Rebecca
  stood in an outfit similar to Karey's.  
She exclaimed, &quot;There's our girl!&quot; and effortlessly swooped David
  up in her arms. She took a massive drag on her More Menthol 120 and said, &quot;Mom
  says you've been acting up this morning, Miss Priss!&quot; David blushed and
  then flinched when Rebecca put up one of her massive arms like she was going
  to slap David. &quot;I won't hit you this time, princess,&quot; she said, &quot;But
  you need to be better behaved.&quot;  
David meekly said, &quot;I'm sorry. Mame, I'll be better.&quot;  
Rebecca noticed David's diaper drooping down past the end of his dress and
  said, &quot;Somebody's got some dirty droopy drawers!&quot;  
A towel was laid on the table and David again endured the humiliating process
  of having his diaper changed, this time by Rebecca. It never got less degrading
  and as always, Rebecca finished the process by tickling David's tiny, now-
  useless dick.  
&quot;Nothing on in there, eh, baby?&quot; she teased.  
&quot;No mame,&quot; he moaned weakly.  
Around noon came a daily ritual: The two mommies and their overgrown little
  girl went to the house's weight room. As Karey and Rebecca worked out on various
  machines and  
weights, toning their muscular physiques, David was required to set in a
  little girl's chair, his head a huge mound of curlers, and hold his dolly,
  Tamika, and verbally give his &quot;Daily Affirmation.&quot; This entailed
  David saying out loud how he came to be a grown man forced to live forever
  as Karey and Rebecca's daughter...  
As his mommies worked out, David said, as he had everyday for six months, &quot;My
  name is Mariah Sissy Cunningham-Tynes. I am a 41 year old man who lives as
  the daughter of the most exalted Goddesses Karey and Rebecca Cunningham-Tynes.
  I was a lawyer who was sold by my ex-wife to my mommies. Even though I was
  a grown man, I was forced to become a little girl. Now my most passionate desire
  is to please my mommies and show them that I am a good little girl. I praise
  my mommies for the new life and love they have given me. I am so lucky. I must
  be a good little girl for my wonderful mommies.&quot;  
David repeated this mantra over and over again while his mommies worked out.
  Then, as David continued uttering his mantra, Karey and Rebecca would do their &quot;pose
  down&quot; where they flexed their gleaming, muscular bodies for each other
  in the mirrors that covered every wall of the workout room.  
As always happened every single day, Karey and Rebecca would soon get so
  turned on by each other's bodies and David's worshipful words. They would collapse
  in each other's arms are start making out. The women always worked out in the
  nude and soon they were licking and caressing each other's tanned and toned
  bodies. David watched as the two beautiful young women began licking each other's
  vaginal regions with their tongues. As they came close to their climaxes, one
  would ask David if seeing his mommies having sex turned him on. David was incredibly
  turned on by seeing the women in action but his lack of testicles had removed
  any chance of sexual excitement in his body forever.  
Before David could answer, one of the women would say, &quot;Of course he
  isn't! With the tiny little dick of his, I wonder how he can get excited over
  anything!&quot;  
As David would cry over the complete loss of his sexual desire, his mommies
  would climax monstrously and lay in each other's arms, lighting cigarettes.
  As Karey lit a Max Menthol 120 and Rebecca a More Menthol 120, one or the other
  would gaze at simpering David, perched in his dress and diaper and clutching
  Tamika, and say, &quot;Mommie's working up a big lunch for her little girl...&quot; This
  was the prelude to the end of the workout.  
David had a rubber ring forced over his mouth by one of his mommies and then
  was laid down on the workout room floor. His head was forced inside a specially-designed
  portable toilet. Once his head was inside the toilet, the rubber ring affixed
  David's open mouth around a hole in the bottom of the toilet. Once David was
  secured, one or the other mother would set on the toilet and relieve herself.
  This day, Karey sat first and she smoked another Max Menthol 120 as she pissed
  into the toilet. The piss drained down into David's mouth and he swallowed
  it down. As Karey pissed, she flicked an incredibly long ash from her cigarette
  into the toilet between her legs and David was forced to accept this in his
  mouth.  
David knew what was coming next and braced himself; he'd never gotten used
  to it. Karey farted and the shit- flavoured smell engulfed his mouth. Then
  it came, Karey had her most satisfying shit of the day as she streamed a torrent
  of her faecal matter downward from her toned ass. The shit, of course, went
  directly into David's mouth and he accepted it as he had no choice. He ate
  and swallowed Karey shit. His body shivered from the taste and utter humiliation
  of taking his mommy's waste into his body. Rebecca followed suit and pissed
  and shit into David's mouth. He went through the same revulsion accepting it
  into his mouth and body.  
As she often did, Rebecca took a final puff on her More Menthol 120 and with
  the preamble, &quot;Here comes dessert, baby,&quot; dropped the cigarette down
  the drain that was David's mouth. He swallowed it.  
David was then unbound from the toilet and his mouth wiped clean by a baby
  wipe. This was the time that Karey and Rebecca sat in their respective tanning
  beds. David was led to a cage suspended from the ceiling. He would be made
  to set in this while his mommies tanned with crayons and paper and make a pretty
  picture. His mothers' opinion of the picture would determine whether he got
  a spanking, so David would work furiously to make sure his picture pleased
  his mommies. This day, David worked on a masterpiece. His mommies loved it
  when he made pictures that showed his pathetic position to his &quot;Boyfriend.&quot; Mariah's
  boyfriend is a 12&quot; long black dildo (more on that in a sec). David had
  an idea that would totally please his mommies. He coloured a picture of himself
  in a wedding dress. Meanwhile, his &quot;Boyfriend,&quot; the big, black dildo
  was dressed in a tuxedo. They were married and little David was the bride of
  the big, black dildo. David was so excited, knowing it would please his mommies.
  Karey and Rebecca exalted over the picture.  
&quot;What a good little girl you are, Mariah!&quot; they exclaimed, adding. &quot;This
  one's going on the refrigerator! What a good little girl!&quot;  
David's pride was short-lived however as he noticed that Karey was strapping
  on the 12&quot; gleaming black dildo on. David's &quot;Boyfriend&quot; was
  going to visit his asshole. David shivered as Rebecca strapped him to the &quot;Fucking
  Boards.&quot; David was strapped in securely, allowing no movement and then
  Karey lit a Max Menthol 120. As Karey was lighting it, she banged the tip of
  the dildo on David's asshole, warning him of what was to come... And then, &quot;OOOOOOWWWWW!&quot;  
David couldn't help but moan from the pain of Karey ramming all 12 inches
  into his anus. As she moaned in pleasure and enjoyed her cigarette, David moaned
  in pain and this, as always, made Karey and Rebecca giggle with delight. Karey
  fucked David with abandon and soon she came in ecstasy. Rebecca kissed Karey
  hard and then she took the dildo and strapped it on herself. She too, fucked
  David wildly has she enjoyed a More Menthol 120.  
As David laid strapped to the fucking board crying over the pain in his ass,
  both of his mommies made what to him was an incredible gesture of kindness:
  Each offered her burning cigarette to David's lips. David greedily sucked the
  flavour of the Max Menthol 120 and More Menthol 120 offered by the women. Each
  woman wore shiny Black Opal lipstick in various shades of silver and David
  tasted their lipstick from the tips of the cigarettes. For him, it was an oasis
  from the degrading position he had been forced into.  
After this, David was made to walk back and forth in front of his two mommies,
  while they watched, smoked and made out. David's anus hurt so bad, he was forced
  to limping and along with his weakened state, it was an effort not to crawl.  
After that, Rebecca left to run errands and Karey told David that his mommies
  had arranged a playdate for their little girl. Karey explained that Alicia
  was the former husband of Mrs. Anderson, a fortysomething friend of David's
  mommies. He had been sissified by his former wife and now lived as a little
  girl like David. Karey gave David some guidelines to follow during Mrs. Anderson
  and Alicia's visit and then the doorbell rang.  
Alicia had on a very pretty, very frilly, very shiny peach dress that ended
  at his waist, exposing matching panties and sleek, hairless legs that led down
  to pretty peach Mary Jane shoes and matching frilly socks. He appeared to have
  been a man just a few years older than David. Mrs. Anderson, meanwhile, was
  tall, like David's mommies, and older. She wore a leather shirt that hugged
  her waist and a matching top. She smoked a Benson &amp; Hedges Gold 100 in
  a long holder and appeared very regal. As instructed earlier by Karey, David
  planted a kiss on Alicia that ended with them swapping tongues as each looked
  at their mommies for approval. Each received the nod of approval they yearned
  for and then David hit his knees and began kissing Mrs. Anderson's boots at
  the tips of her toes.  
&quot;My, what a good, respectful little girl!&quot; Mrs. Anderson said.  
David and Alicia sat on the floor, playing with their dolls when Karey ordered
  David over to where she sat talking to Mrs. Anderson.  
&quot;Yes, mommy?&quot; David said, standing at attention before them.  
&quot;Do you know the alphabet?&quot; she asked him.  
David scrunched his face up in confusion saying, &quot;Who's that?&quot;  
&quot;Say your ABC's for Mrs. Anderson or I will give you a spanking right
  here.&quot; she ordered.  
David started crying and moaned, &quot;But I don't know them!! Please don't
  spank me!!&quot;  
&quot;Don't you dare raise your voice to me!&quot; Karey roared, &quot;Now
  you WILL get a spanking. How many is 30?&quot;  
&quot;Um...&quot; David's eyes looked toward the ceiling and he tried to
  figure out how many 30 was. Tried but failed: &quot;Um, is it a lot?&quot;  
&quot;It certainly is, missy, and that's how many spanks you are going to
  get.&quot;  
David roared in agony and his crying accelerated. She explained that she
  would take one spanking off for each letter of the ABC's David got. She told
  him to begin and David immediately said, &quot;A.&quot; He always got that
  one, which Karey noted and said she wouldn't take off a spank for that one.
  David wailed.  
She told him to continue and he struggled to remember them. &quot;Was it
  C-B?&quot; he thought and decided to guess that.  
&quot;No, Mariah!&quot; Karey said, exasperated, &quot;It looks like  
you're gonna get most of the spanking, but... it starts A- B-C, if you can
  just get the next letter, I'll take two spankings off.&quot;  
David brightened, thinking that maybe two meant that maybe a lot of spankings
  will be taken off, then just as suddenly realized that he had no idea what
  the next letter was.  
&quot;I'll give you a hint,&quot; Karey teased, &quot;Before mommy and I
  bought you and made you our little girl, back when you were a grown man, it
  was the letter your old name started with.&quot;  
David struggled to think of the letter, he knew his name was David (Even
  though he was forbidden to say the name by his mommies), but he couldn't fathom
  what the letter was.  
Tears poured out of his eyes and he wailed at Karey, &quot;Mommy I don't
  know, please don't spank me, I'll be extra good! Just don't spank me!&quot;  
&quot;Spank you I will, young lady!&quot; Karey said lighting a cigarette,
  as she exhaled a plume of smoke, she added, &quot;You have until I finish this
  cigarette to change my mind...&quot;  
David immediately hit his knees and crawled over to Karey. He looked up pathetically
  at her with his tear-filled eyes and made a praying steeple with his hands.
  He begged and begged her and she returned his grovelling with a smirk as she
  smoked.  
David continued his pathetic display and moaned, &quot;Please. mommy...&quot; over
  and over again and he leaned down and started kissing the tip of Karey's boots.  
As David's pathetic begging continued, Karey stared at him with an aire of
  superiority and enjoyed her cigarette. Mrs. Anderson enjoyed one of her Benson &amp; Hedges
  and watched with an amused look on her face. Finally, Karey looked at David
  with disgust and told him to shut up. David obeyed, but he couldn't stop crying,
  so he muffled it as best he could. Karey hadn't flicked the ash on her 120mm
  cigarette since her first few puffs and an incredibly long ash hung from it.
  She flicked it onto David's tongue and then took a long, final drag and ground
  it out in the ashtray. As a steady stream of smoke poured from her mouth, she
  easily yanked David up and across her knee. She ripped down his panties, rubber
  panties and diaper and held him down with one hand and placed a thick, hard
  leather glove on the other. The glove was weighted to cause horrible pain whenever
  David was spanked with it and he shivered with fear in anticipation of it hitting
  his ass.  
Suddenly, Karey delivered the first blow and David screamed so high from
  the pain, he actually did sound like a little girl. He immediately started
  crying and screaming and continued to do so as Karey rained blows down onto
  his bottom. By the time so reached the 30th and final spank, David was almost
  in another state. He was wildly kicking his legs up and down and screaming
  and moaning and crying uncontrollably. Karey pulled his diaper and panties
  back on and had him stand up. David was beside himself, crying and every few
  seconds screaming from the pain that throbbed in his ass. For 15 minutes, David
  continued this display while Karey and Mrs. Anderson watched him with big smiles
  on their faces, occasionally laughing, while they watched him, talked and smoked.
  David spent this time in an otherworldly state; the pain hurt so bad!  
Mrs. Anderson and Alicia left shortly thereafter and David was still crying
  from his spanking. When Rebecca returned home a few minutes later, he was STILL
  crying and Rebecca said he would be going to bed early as punishment. David's
  normal bedtime was 6:00 p.m. It was only 4:00 p.m., but he was dressed in a
  frilly nightgown and placed in his crib for the night.  
He continued crying in his crib, the pain hurt that bad. Plus, the curlers
  had been left in and their tightness hurt his scalp. Then suddenly, he wet
  and dirtied his diaper again. The discomfort and humiliation of it engulfed
  him and he wailed himself to sleep. The coming week was to be a big one, though
  David didn't know it yet.  
Karey and Rebecca had been married a year and to celebrate their love, had
  their noses pierced again, this time in the middle. Inserted into these new
  holes were long, thin silver tusks that splayed across the width of their beautiful,
  young faces. Though his mommies are so lovely, the tusks, to David, make them
  appear even more sinister to him and he secretly feared them more than ever
  before.  
In the following week, David grew more inward. The women scared him so bad.
  After the week ended, his mommies ordered him to stand in front of them one
  day as they sat in the living room smoking. They told him they had noticed
  the change in him and said they knew it was because he was jealous of their
  new piercings. From the time David came to know the young women, which is when
  they bought him and transformed him into their little girl, they had wore diamond
  studs in their noses. They frequently would kid David and say that he wanted
  to get his nose pierced to &quot;be a big girl&quot; like his mommies. Of course
  he didn't and he was even freaked out when his ears were pierced to accommodate
  earrings his mommies insisted he wear.  
Thus said, David's mommies announced that they had decided he would be getting
  some special piercings so he wouldn't be such a &quot;Miss Priss.&quot;  
First, David's nose was pierced. But instead of a stud, a hoop was placed
  in his nose and a chain was looped onto the hoop and attached to a hoop in
  his ear. When he was shown the results he was mortified, as usual, but thanked
  his mommies profusely for it.  
Then David's mommies announced that David was such a special little girl
  that he was getting special piercings and special jewellery. He was told the
  piercings would be painful and when he started to cry, Karey and Rebecca gave
  each other that &quot;Isn't she adorable?&quot; look and told David he would
  be put under while the piercings were performed. David was amazed by this and
  actually jumped into his mommies arms and hugged them tightly. Usually, if
  pain was involved, they made sure David was a fully wake participant. David
  actually felt warm and fuzzy and was delighted when each of his mommies gave
  him drags from their cigarettes.  
David was drugged heavily and as he drifted off to dream while the piercings
  took place. He actually felt comfort as Karey and Rebecca each kissed him on
  the lips and wished him nightie-night.  
When David awoke, he was seated in his highchair in his mommies' gym and
  they were setting in front of him, smoking cigarettes. David was naked and
  shivered a bit. He was only unclothed when he was bathed by one of his mommies.
  David's mommies ordered him to direct his eyes to them. Then they told him
  to lift his arms and look at his wrists. What he saw amazed him, sickened him
  and chilled him a million more times than the atrocities the women had already
  committed against him.  
To put it bluntly, his wrists had been pierced. A cylinder revealed a nearly
  inch-wide hole in each wrist, just above his &quot;Mariah&quot; tattoos. The
  ends of the cylinder had had thick washers welded onto them so they wouldn't
  fall out. David nearly fainted, but not before his mommies got up and each
  lifted one of his legs. They revealed to him that the same piercings had been
  made in his ankles. This time, David did faint.  
David was brought to immediately and just as immediately started to cry uncontrollably.
  This was even more of a violation than having his testicles removed!  
David's mommies ordered him to stop crying in their sternest manner and he
  obeyed, knowing the wraith otherwise. Karey explained that he was going to
  get two bracelets to wear that he would love, one for his wrists and one for
  his ankles. Just as suddenly a strange looking woman with tattoos and piercings
  walked into view and started covering David with a silver cloth. Rebecca explained
  to David that this was because their friend was going to weld the bracelets
  onto David so they would be there permanently. Two lengths of shiny chain were
  produced and David almost fainted again.  
Karey and Rebecca produced a pair of welding goggles, which were painted
  pink, and had &quot;Barbie&quot; in its trademarked scripted logo printed across
  the bottom of one lens. They were placed over David's eyes. David cried as
  the friend produced a huge, thick hoop and fixed it into the hole of one of
  his wrist piercings. Then the welding torch was lit and within seconds, David
  had a big hoop permanently pierced into his wrist. This was followed by secured
  hoops in the other wrist and his two ankles.  
David was beyond a mess as the chain was welded onto the hoops. Soon he had
  chains strone between his wrists and ankles. Then he watched in horror as each
  link in the chain was welded closed into an infinite circle. In David's mind
  he was chained forever and he passed out.  
David's frilly baby girl dresses would from now on be made with zippers in
  then back so they could be placed on him without his chains being removed.  
###  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verna Benson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





