BDSM Library - Jennie




Jennie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jennie is a nurse who gets abducted from the parking lot of where she works and ends up being humiliated and degraded by a wealthy man who wants her for his playtoy and that of his friends.
Jennie   
By : Pen_Telme

M+/f+/nc/humil/blkml

WARNING:
This story is strictly a work of fiction. Any similarities between real place
and names is coincidental

However, if tales of non-consensual sex, rape, humiliation other violent and
extreme acts offends you then please do not read this story.

This story may not be reposted or used without the permission of the original
author This is my first story, I hope you enjoy, if I get good feedback I will post
more chapters, it gets more intense and hotter as you go on, it is a long story

Special thanks to all who have offered either help or those who post stories
here. 

Comments and suggestions email: Pen_Telme@hotmail.com

                                                          
This story is an older one that I started years back and  I just recently 
located, it is also incomplete, if i get enough feedback on it, I will 
continue the story as I have many plans for Jennie.

                                  JENNIE


     He waited for her to get off work, he had huddled in the
backseat of her sporty new car that she had mistaken left
unlocked and waited.
     As soon as he heard her near, he readied himself, he wanted
to make sure he was not seen from the back seat where he hid, as
soon as she got into the car he would make his move.
     He saw the door open, a saw her throw her pur and other
items onto the bucketseat next to hers, close the door and just
as she began to fumble with the keys to start the car he made his
move.
     "Don't turn around and look at me just do as I say" he
ordered,"I want you to hand me your pepper gas, your beeper, your
cell phone and you wedding ring and DON"T bring any attention to
yourself" he remarked. So she proccedded to give him what he had
asked for and just sat there "I want you to move over to the
passenger side of the car, keep looking forward and place your
arms behind you behind the seat" he instructed her. As soon as
she had slid over in the car and placed her arms as ordered, he
hancuffed her wrists together behind the car seat, and placed
sunglasses over her eyes  of course with the lenses blacked
outand ear plugs in her ears to keep her from hearing anything
that might help her know where she was.
     "As long as you co-operate with me you'l be just fine" he
said. as they drove off.
     They drove for what seemed like hours but had realy only
been about 10 maybe 15 minutes. Once they got to the destination
he had, he helped her out of the car and into the house. "Just
sit there and leave the glasses on for right now" he ordered as
she started to get nervous, but sat there as quietly as she could
and waited for his next order. He knew she had no idea where they
were and felt comfortable in taking her glasses off.
     "You do as your told and you'll be just fine" he said.
     "I love your uniform, all that bright red and that pure
white lab coat, I love it but your BRA and PANTIES must go, take
them off but leave everything else on, do you understand" he said
"YYEs," she replied in a very shaky voice "I I I understand" she
replied and proceded to do as ordered, she got up from where she
was sitiing and slowly took the lab coat off, let it fall to the
floor and then hesitated a second before she placed her crossed
arms on her hips and began to pull off her top and let it also
fall to her feet, again she hesitated but procedded to unhook her
bra shrug it off her shoulder it also dropped to the floor and
she bent over and put her top back on again,
     He then instructed her to turn slowly and smiled as he
watched her breasts bounce up and down under her top.
     She was then further instructed to remove her panties and
make sure that she put her pants back on. Once this was done, he
told her that the only thing she was to wear from here on  was
what he had placed for her in "HER" room, nothing more and
nothing less.
     Before retiring for the night, he resecured her with
handcuffs to the bed post to make sure she went no where and
reminded her "We are way out in the country so any screaming you 
do will just fade into the woodwork, NOBODY but NOBODY will hear
you so save your voice.
     The next morning after waking up and uncuffing her he
instructed her to get dressed and reminded her what he had said
last night about her clothes, and headed off to the kitchen.
     When she finally arrived, he inspected her clothes and
replied "You just need makeup on" so she left to do as instructed
and returned dressed to kill.
     Remembering what he had said, she wore only what he had left
 for her and nothing else, she had put on a blue bodysuit,
obviously not her size and a pair of kaki pants. He approached
her and handed her a vibrator "Turn it on, and slide up inside
yourself" he ordered, after she did as instructed he replied "You
 better NOT cum, and I'll know if you did, the front of your
slacks  better stay dry or else.
     He approached her, placed his hand on her belly and felt the
 vibrator humming away. He stared at her and she stared at him
afraid to say anything, but she was getting turned on, her eyes
were starting to glaze over, but she knew there was nothing she
could do.
     The day went on and she was pretty much allowed to do as she
 wished as long as she was within eyeshot of him, suddenly she
was  ordered to change her clothes and was reminded about the
vibrator and not cumming. When she returned, she was wearing a
pair of light blue slacks, as tight in the crotch as they could
be, but she had chosen to keep the same top on, he again check
for the vibrator and reminded her again "No cumming till I tell
you to"
     Now she was getting concerned, she was turned on but she
also knew if she came she'd get the front of her pants wet, she
had to bear with it.
     As the day started to wind dow, he told her he had some
friends coming over and to repair herself.
     So she again, returned to her room and had to decide what to
wear, she knew what her task was and was going to try and make
the best out of the situation.
     When she finally returned, she was dressed to kill, she had
choosen a pair of light blue vinyl hot pants with a red body suit
which fit real well, her breats and nipple clearly visable, and a
pair of black boots. She had also put on make up and had her hair
pulled back. When she resented herself to him she asked "Is this
o.k." to which he replied "All you need to do is just change
tops, I want you in something that buttons down the front,"
so she returned to her room and select a sheer beige top and as
she rentered the room, her breats freely bounced up and down
under the top, "Yes" he said with a smile "That's much better"
and proceeded to hand her some nipple clips, "You can either put
these on yourself or I WILL put them on for you" he ordered and
help out his hand. She knew better and accepted them very
reluctently from him, unbuttoned her blouse and with a wince of
pain on her face attached them to her nipple. "As long as you co-
operate you will be fine, ANY trouble and I mean ANY between now
and when my friends get here, and later leave, I will add weights
to those clips and if you think they hurt now just imagine what
weights would feel like on them"
     Also, when they get here, you will do ANYTHING they want,
NO QUESTIONS, NO HESITATIONS, NOTHING, if they want you to change
clothes you will,WHATEVER they want you will co-operate, is that
understood" he said with a firm voice,"Yes, I understand" was her
reply.
     About a half hour latter his friends started to arrive, and
following his instructions, she waited nervously by the front
door and greeted everyone coming in with a very shaky smile, as
each person came in they carried a bag, or box with them, her
curiosity was being tested and soon she would find out.
     After everyone had arrived, he gathered everyone together in
the livingroom and began to speak, "I want to thank everyone for
coming and for bringing a package" at this point he turned to
Jennie and said "Inside each package are specific instructions
for you, when directed, you will pick one out of your choice and
return to your room and follow the instructions  in itto the
letter, do you understand" he asked "Yes I do" was her reply in a
shaky voice.
     "In the meantime, everyone can mingle and talk to one
another" Needless to say, Jennie seemed to be the main attraction
 all eyes were centered on her, for obvious reasons.
     About 20 minutes went by when he spoke up "OK everyone, its
time to get together over here, Jennie is going to select her
first pachage", so she slowly went around finding a box to take,
she tried taking as much time as possible not wanting to do it at
all. Finally, she picked out a blue box and as instructed walked
out of the room into hers to see what was in the box s well as
what the note read.
     When she got to her room, she opened the box and found some
clothes and a note."Wear ONLY what is in here with the make up
and meet me in ten minutes in the excersize room"
     She took out the clothes and was shocked and dismayed, it
was a pair of black latex short shorts with a matching top, she
did as instructed with the make up on and headed to the excersize
room. "I hope this won't take to long" she said to herself, she
was starting to sweat not to mention how tight the outfit was on
her.
     When she got there, he greeted her, "I want you to sit down
over by that machine and place your legs under the padded bar" so
she bravely did as instructed now realizing just how warm and
humid the room was and started to sweat again.
     He approach her and started to speak, "When I tell you, you
will lift this bar with your legs and keep them up untill I tell
you to lower them, do you understand?" "Yes" was the reply, as
she sat there nervously waiting for his order, finaly he spoke
again "Ok, lift your legs and hold them till I tell you to lower
them" So she procceded to lift and hold her legs up, about 10
seconds latter he ordered her to put her legs back down, this
went on for a few minutes, as he looked at her, he was pleased to
see the sweat running down her face, and matting her hair to her
head.
     This continued for a while when he suddenly changed his
timimg"Ok,lift your legs and hold them" as she sat there hold
them up, sweat was running down her face but she kept them up and
was ordered to keep smiling so with a fake smile she bared with
this the best she could.
     After a couple of minutes, with obvious pain in her face,
she  was instructed to let her legs down, she was drenched in
sweat, her hair was matted to the side of her face when suddenly
he aproached her and started to pull on the nipple
clips,"Everytime I  pull on these you will lift your legs and
keep them up until I let go, so she waited patiently when suddely
he pulled the chain,  with the little energy she had left in her,
she raised her legs, she was cramping badly but knew she couldn't
say anthing, she had river of sweat running of her body"COME ON
BITCH I WANT SOME EFFORT,STRAIN YOURSELF" HE GIGGLED, HER FACE
WAS STRAINED AT THIS POINT,BUT KEPT HER LEGS UP, "IF I DON'T SEE
A REAL EFFORT FROM YOU AND A NATURAL SMILE SHOWING ME YOU ARE
REALY ENJOYING THIS, I WILL KEEP YOUR NIPPLES PULLED OUT LIKE
THIS" "COME JENNIE TELL ME WHAT IS ON YOUR MIND TELL ME HOW YOU
FEEL AND WHAT YOU WANT TO DO I WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU" HE SHOUTED
"TELL ME HOW WONDERFULL YOU FEEL JENNIE, COME ON" HE GIGGLED "I
FEEL WONDERFULL, I LOVE THIS,PLEASE KEEP PULLING ON MY NIPPLES,
FORCE ME TO KEEP MY LEGS UP, PLEASE" SHE REPLIED IN OBVIOUS PAIN 
AND DISCOMFORT YET WITH A BIG SMILE ON HER FAce, this continued
he kept her nippled pulled and enjoyed the pain in her face,.
He then tied the ends of the stings so her nipples would be pulled by
themselves,
 and went to a table near the chair where he selected a virbrator,
as she sat there straining, he switched the vibrator on and
told her "I am going to run this vibrator all over you, your tits,
 your legs your pussy your clit, and especialy on your clit,
but you are not permitted to cum til i say so do you understand me"
 "Yes sir" was her only reply "Yes sir what" he asked,
 "Yes sir, I may not cum till you say i can" he looked at her with a smile on
his face




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pen_Telme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





