BDSM Library - Jeremy's Women




Jeremy's Women
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jeremy and his dominant wife Heather are visited by Simone, his longtime dominatrix, and Sheila, who is learning to dominate her husband! Jeremy is amazed when Sheila falls in love with him, or is it just an illusion?Jeremy's Women  
And it's pretty amazing&quot; Jeremy was saying to Sheila and Simone as they
  relaxed in the Cooper's sunny living room, &quot;Heather, who I'd always been
  kind of in awe of&mdash;she has a wicked sense of humor!&quot; Heather smiled.
  She was a little heavy, butt-wise, but had nice boobs and gorgeous amber hair
  and twinkling eyes. Sheila noticed sort of a tough look about Heather-though&hellip;Jeremy
  seemed so sensitive, very unlike Roger,Sheila's Congressman husband, who was
  being trained to be her slave at another location. &quot;But what was amazing
  was, Heather had seen a video, one of those &quot;Pandora's Box&quot; vids,
  and she told me that if she was involved in a situation like that, she'd like
  to be the dominator. That's how she put it!&quot;  
   
  Heather sort of winked at Simone and Sheila &quot;Yeah, like I'd let
  some dork tie me up, right? Who's really competent to be in charge but us?&quot; The
  three women laughed. Sheila was having a good time. Jeremy and Sheila were
  middle income people, the sort that Heather had grown up around before marrying
  into the big Malvern money. Sheila had been a secretary before meeting Jeremy,
  who was a research scientist, and since their marriage, she'd quit her job
  to be a f ull-time housewife. &quot;But I don't do much housework&quot; Heather
  nudged Jeremy, who laughed ruefully. &quot;Yes, I take care of that department.
  I love Heather. I just want her to enjoy life!&quot; Jeremy said enthusiastically. &quot;No
  one's really appreciated her&hellip;&quot;  
   
  &quot;This is going to be such a good experience for you!&quot; Simone
  had told Sheila on the ir way to spend a few days with Jeremy and Heather in
  their home in Indianapolis. &quot;The Coopers are the most well adjusted couple
  dealing in female domination that I know. I wish more were like them.&quot; Sheila
  had been so stunned by what she'd seen happening to Roger, but Simone had assured
  her that Roger's training would only continue at that level for as long as
  Roger's attitude was shitty. &quot;As soon as he becomes more docile, dear&hellip;you
  can take over and probably only whip him four or five times a week!&quot;  
   
  Now they were enjoying the hospitality of what Sheila considered a rather
  peculiar couple&hellip;but they were very nice, Jeremy and Sheila!  
   
  &quot;The great thing about female domination&quot; mused Heather &quot;is,
  it made Jeremy, who was already a sweet, sensitive guy, even MORE sensitive.
  He invited me to live in the house he owned, where he rented rooms to various
  old college buddies&hellip;and I got annoyed because he had to have his Monday
  night football parties, and do &quot;guy&quot; stuff on Saturdays&hellip; but
  he'd confessed that he was excited by public humiliation, so one day, when
  he told me he was going out with his pals to play some golf &mdash;and it wasn't
  like he hadn't been around for me&hellip;he'd been incredibly sweet and devoted,
  but he wanted a little time off, and I told him no, absolutely not.&quot;  
   
  Heather frowned at Jeremy, who looked abashed. &quot;I wanted him around,
  and he looked all disappointed and his friends started kidding Jeremy about
  being pussy-whipped, and then I got annoyed because he didn't defend me&hellip;I
  mean, here I was giving him bare-bottom spankings in our room, and various
  penis punishments and all kinds of stuff, but he wanted it on the hush-hush.  
   
  &quot;So, I ordered Jeremy to take his pants down and his lip quivered,
  so I took his clothes off as he stood there!&quot; Heather laughed at the memory
  as Jeremy's face grew a little red. &quot;And I took the carpet beater and
  I whipped his ass&hellip;and I made him stand in the corner nude for the rest
  of the day while his pals went golfing. And when his housemates got in, Jeremy
  served them dinner wearing only an apron.&quot; Heather snorted. &quot;And
  that put an end to Guy nights and Guy weekends. If Jeremy wants to get exercise,
  I've got lots of work he can do, you know.&quot;  
   
   
  Jeremy put his forehead in his hand as everyone laughed good naturedly,
  but he looked up and was smiling, as well. &quot;Heather's wonderful, and she
  wanted it to be known that she was Number One. And that was a great way for
  her to show it, though I was really embarrassed, and it really ended the pally
  relationship I had with the other guys.  
After that, Heather routinely spanked and humiliated me in front of them,
  making me wear frilly dresses or sailor suits, you know, the Donald Duck kind,
  and punishing me at the slightest pre-text, and finally my old friends got
  really uncomfortable and moved out,but by that time we didn't need their rent...and
  now I'm just Heather's slut-boy, and it's great.  
It was hard for me when Heather decided that she wanted to have an affair
  with Brad, my best friend. I was really jealous and temperamental about it,but
  Heather took care of that.&quot; Jeremy looked a little sadly at Heather, who
  gave her Cheshire cat smile.  
   
  &quot;Yeah, I thought about it, and decided that the problem was, Jeremy
  thought he was missing something, so I made him kneel by the bed wearing a
  pink tutu while Brad and I fucked&hellip;and after the first time, with Brad
  taunting him and the other guys talking about it in the living room, Jeremy
  was content to go about his housework while I had my own private life.&quot;  
   
  &quot;But, do you have any rewards?&quot; Sheila asked Jeremy. &quot;I
  mean, do you guys make love and stuff?&quot; Heather laughed. &quot;On Jeremy's
  birthday and at Christmas we screw, and I think that's really mor e than enough&hellip;he
  gets to jerk off now and then, but he gets a chance at it once a month&hellip;Jeremy
  had complained to me that he missed gambling, and so I've given him a great
  opportunity at it!&quot;  
   
   
  &quot;Actually, next week&nbsp;is the tossing of the dice&quot; Jeremy
  said with a haphazard smile. &quot;Each month, after thirty days of daily teasings
  and good behavior on my part&mdash;and Heather insists on that part.&quot; They
  both laughed, and Simone and Sheila laughed with them. &quot;I get a chance
  at jerking off.&quot; &quot;You mean you get to jerk off once a month?&quot; Sheila
  asked. &quot;That's tough, Roger was a basket case after only a week of me
  teasing him and him worshipping me, as he put it.&quot; &quot;No, no..&quot;Heather
  smiled. &quot;Jeremy gets a CHANCE to jerk off after a month.  
   
  That means after a month of being devoted to me, he is given an opportunity,
  if he's lucky to have an orgasm, and he bets me for it. Most of the money that
  Jeremy makes is put into a house account, which I control, and he's given an
  allowance of two hundred dollars a month. Once a month, we throw the dice&hellip;if
  Jeremy gets seven or eleven, he's allowed to jerk off, and he keeps his two
  hundred dollar allowance, but if the dice is anything but seven or eleven,
  I get one hundred fifty of the allowance for fun girl stuff.&quot;  
   
  The three women laughed. &quot;And Jeremy has to wait another month
  for his chance to throw the dice.&quot; &quot;But wait a minute&quot; Sheila
  asked, concerned for this sweet man who had just served her a nice dinner. &quot;You
  mean he&mdash;he just gets more teasing and stays&mdash;how often does he win?&quot; &quot;Not
  that often&quot; Jeremy said with a rueful grin. &quot;It's been five months
  since I won&hellip;and that was great.&quot; His eyes rolled back in a pleasant
  memory. &quot;I jerked off, and licked it up of course, and put the two hundred
  bucks towards a new fishing rod&hellip;but it hasn't happened since then. But
  I'm hoping it will today.&quot; Heather smiled. &quot;Yes, hope's a wonderful
  thing, isn't it?&quot; They all laughed.  
   
   Sheila found Heather and Jeremy to be lots of fun. The four went to
  a museum together that afternoon, and Jeremy showed them the famous Indianapolis
  Speedway. That evening, they had dinner out, and then Simone asked Sheila to
  step into Jeremy's library. Simone was sitting in front of Jeremy's gateway
  computer and it looked as if she had a film coming up on it.  
"What's up? Heatherand I are &nbsp;watching 'The Sopranos' on HBO downstairs,
  and Jeremy's going to join us after he makes the coffee' Sheila said to Simone. "The
  Coopers are lots of fun, this&nbsp; has been a nice visit, Simone." Simone
  laughed. "Well, the educational part of it isn't really over, yet, Sheila.
  I thought you'd like to meet my husband&mdash;on webcam!" Sheila was surprised.
  Simone hadn't told her too much about Stuart Kendall except that he was a major
  businessman.  
"Sure, I guess." Sheila said wonderingly. Simone clicked a few keys&nbsp; and
  moved the mouse and a film came up&nbsp; on the computer screen of &nbsp;a
  handsome guy with slight graying at the temples, kneeling on a hardwood floor.
  He was stark naked, and Sheila was getting used to the idea of all these naked
  men about---in addition to Roger, she'd also now seen Jeremy naked!  
Earlier that afternoon, before they'd gone to lunch, Heather had gotten a
  phone call from an Angelo and had made plans with him for the next evening.
  Jeremy had seemed somewhat sulky, and had said in front of Sheila and Simone "it's
  like the whole garage calls here, constantly." Heather had laughed. "Jeremy's
  rudely referring to the fact that two of my lovers work at Dimitri's garage.
  Jesus, you are a whiner, Jeremy&hellip;I just want a little satisfaction, hon."  
Jeremy had fussed at her a bit. "Well, you know, Heather, it would be great
  if we could make love more than once or twice a year, dear&hellip;I mean, there's
  only so much I can do satisfying you with my tongue. Excuse me, Simone." Jeremy
  seemed to have forgotten that they'd been entertaining guests. "Oh, please,
  go on" Simone replied, smoothly. "This is ever so fascinating." Heather shook
  her head, irritated. "If your puny little dick was more satisfying, I might
  want it more than twice a year. I mean, Jeremy, I don't let you screw me on
  MY birthday, as a treat to ME, it's on your birthday. It's a gift, Jeremy,
  so don't whine any more, you're boring us."  
Jeremy had stamped his foot. "Yeah, right. I know, my kinky sex desire is
  just a way for you to sleep around, right?" Heather stood up and stared levelly
  at her husband. "I'm sick of your tantrums, Jeremy, Strip and bring me the
  big bad strap!"  
Jeremy had demurred at first, "Please, honey, don't get upset&hellip;I'm
  sorry I complained about Angelo" but Heather had tapped her foot, frowning,
  and he'd gone and gotten what she called the "big, bad strap" and he'd stripped
  naked, angry tears already streaming down his pudgy cheeks, and he'd bent over
  the couch. Jesus had she laid it into him! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! "How dare you "WHACK! "Criticize
  my" WHACK! WHACK! "Private life, when your dick isn't big &nbsp;enough to give
  a good fucking to a female opossum?"  
&nbsp;Heather had slammed the Big Bad Strap (actually just a traditional
  razor strop like Sheila'd seen her grandfather sharpen his blade on) over and
  over until Jeremy's butt cheeks were covered in red and purple welts.  
Then Heather had ordered Jeremy to turn around, and Heather had noticed that
  Jeremy had a cock device just like Roger had been locked into by Simone. Heather
  had unlocked Jeremy and&nbsp; taken his penis in her long dark nails and stroked
  him until his penis was stiff and hard. It wasn't all that small,but to hear
  Heather talk about it, Jeremy's penis was the size of a piece of chalk!  
"Go on, toy with it." Heather had ordered Jeremy to pull and poke his penis
  for the women as the tears coursed down his red face. "Isn't that revolting,
  girls? And he wants this to be his primary entertainer of me." As soon as Jeremy's
  dick had gotten very hard, Heather had whacked it with the Big Bad Strap and
  re-locked it in the cock-lock device. Heather had then winked at the girls
  and sent Jeremy to stand in the corner for about an hour and a half.  
&nbsp;But Sheila had noticed that after Jeremy had dressed and they'd gone
  out to lunch and the museum, he returned to being the same charming, humorous
  guy she'd met earlier! "That's right, sweet" Simone had told Sheila wisely "No
  one wants a mumbling "Yes Mistress" syncophant about them all the time. My
  Stuart is quite erudite for a construction contractor."  
But now Sheila was looking at &nbsp;Simone's Stuart on the webcam, and he
  was kneeling naked in front of the webcam, and she gasped as she saw what was
  hanging off of Stuart's penis. "What the hell's that?" Sheila whispered. "That
  is a glans punishment cage." Simone said comfortably. "I had it built after
  reading about it on the Google groups." Sheila was astonished. Unlike the cock
  cage, the glans-punishment cage, a wire sheath covering the entire shaft was
  lined with inward blunt points completely poking in Stu's penis. As Stu's penis
  seemed to inflate the cage was compressed, and the stiff wires pushed the needle
  points into the skin of the hardening penis.  
"You see, I am attempting to instruct my husband to keep his penis limp on
  command." Simone smiled as she said this. "It's quite difficult, as this is
  the one level of obedience I have not been able to elicit from darling Stuart." The
  two watched as a beautiful Eurasian girl stepped into the camera, motioning
  Stuart to arise. The girl took off her T-shirt, revealing full breasts, and
  motioned Stuart to suck the nipples. "That's Nadia, a girl from his office." Simone
  smiled. "Look how afraid he is of touching her..it's because he knows how his
  penis will react." Stuart seemed to be moving back, but then Nadia grabbed
  him by the ear and brought his head down to her breasts, and he began sucking
  reluctantly.  
As he sucked, his penis grew full, and the needles began to penetrate, all
  over the glans-punishment cage. Simone punched something on the screen, and
  the webcam focused on the penis, which was reddening and purpling under the
  intense pressure of the needles. As the penis inflated further, Sheila could
  see the veins almost popping under the pressure of the needles. Nadia turned
  and winked at the webcam  
All of a sudden, Stuart fell over on the floor, letting go of Nadia's nipples
  and although the webcam was silent, it was quite obvious that he was howling
  in grotesque pain, Simone laughed loudly, and Sheila stared at her in wonder! "This
  is great, darling." Simone called out loudly. "Stu is learning that his penis
  should not be disobedient&hellip;if I command him to stay limp under the most
  erotic and arousing conditions, that will be the way it will be, I, Simone,
  have commanded it!"  
&nbsp;After the Stuart webcam show was over, Sheila and Simone joined Jeremy
  and Heather to watch the rest of "The Sopranos" and then they'd gone up to
  Jeremy's library and watched the webcam a bit, returning downstairs for a bit
  of brandy, discussing what Simone and Sheila had seen of Stuart's torture.  
&nbsp;"The object with my husband is" observed Simone wryly, "To teach him
  to stay limp under any stimulation, and then become erect under any stimulation." Heather
  sipped her brandy and considered. "That's hard, too. I've ordered Jeremy to
  stay hard enough to hold a dishtowel on his pee-pee,but he has never been able
  to do it for more than five minutes."  
&nbsp; "Well I am thirty-nine years old, honey." Jeremy said. "I don't have
  the drive of your twenty-five year old boyfriends."  
Heather looked irritated. "But Jeremy, can you stay limp on command, is the
  question?" Simone said. "It's training you need, for an unauthorized erection
  can be quite an impertinent one, you know."  
"To tame Stu's dick I've tormented it by rubbing it with sandpaper, pushing
  it into a box of live crickets or fire ants&mdash;you wouldn't believe how
  much biting these angry insects can do!" Sheila and Heather gasped and Jeremy
  looked a bit green.  
"That must be total torment." Sheila said in astonishment. "Well, once the
  ants excited Stuart so much he came and drowned them all." "Eeew!" shouted
  Heather. "But that's too bad, Jeremy&hellip;you've never had your penis disciplined
  for erections?" Sheila said, not believing this was coming out of her usually
  shy mouth. "It's a shame Heather hasn't worked on this one with you."  
Simone looked at Sheila in surprise and pleasure. This young woman was really
  coming along! "What about it, Heather? Sheila's right, you should be working
  on this with our Jeremy." Jeremy arose hurriedly and began taking up the coffee
  cups and the bowls that had previously held pie and ice cream. "Got a big day
  tomorrow, Heather." Sheila could tell that Jeremy didn't want to be stripped
  once again in front of the other women. "That's fine, honey." Heather said
  warmly. "Why don't you put the bowls and cups in the kitchen sink and then
  come back out here with my riding crop and the Big Bad Strap?"  
"I'm so proud of you, Sheila, for coming up with the suggestion" Simone commented
  as she curled up next to Sheila on the couch. The two were overhearing Jeremy
  and Heather's argument&nbsp; "But I've got things to do tonight, and we don't
  know them&mdash;Ow"came Jeremy's voice as Heather slapped him, and weeping,
  he carried the dishes into the kitchen and went in search of the punishment
  implements.  
"I am surprised that I did, you know?" Sheila said, amazed. "But it just
  came out. Say, Simone, if Jeremy likes being a slave so much, why is he bitching
  about all this?" Simone chortled as she sipped more brandy, leaving a deep
  purple lipstick imprint on the glass. "Well, dear&hellip;men want to be slave-boys,but
  then they get so afraid of the pain. But have faith, if Jeremy really didn't
  want this lifestyle, he wouldn't have paid me to train Heather seven or eight
  years ago. He actually went into his retirement pension to pay me for it, as
  he is not quite as well-fixed as your Roger."  
Sheila was amazed that at this. "You mean, he paid you a thousand an hour,
  just like Roger did?" "Well, I only charged Jeremy three hundred, but it was
  a grueling six week process, and at the end, the bill was seventy grand."     
Finally Jeremy came down with the strap and some other punishment tools. "I
  also want you to go out and cut a willow switch from a tree, Jeremy. Undress
  first." Simone said. "I do remember there's a tree out there that had some
  nice firm switches." Jeremy turned to go, and Heather said in a flat, cruel
  voice, "Didn't Miss Simone instruct you to undress first?" Jeremy looked miserably
  at Heather. "But Miss-Miss Heather,it's outside, and the fence is just a wire
  one. People can see in."  
"Oh, it's night-time, you silly fellow"said Sheila, and Simone and Heather
  looked at her, quite pleased. "Get your clothes off and get out there!" Sheila
  snapped her fingers. "Or I'll whip your ass with the Big Bad Strap myself,
  Jeremy." Was this Sheila speaking? The little mouse?  
Jeremy, seeing no support from the other women, miserably stripped off his
  clothes. "There you go, Jerry." Heather said. "You'd better shape up, or Mistress
  Sheila will rip you a new asshole, sonny!" Jeremy&nbsp; hung his head, and&nbsp; mumbled
  something. "What was that?" Sheila asked. "I said you're not my mistress." Sheila
  looked quickly at Heather who pointed to the Big Bad Strap. Simone gave Sheila&nbsp; a "Go
  on, give it to him" wave of the hand.  
Sheila stood up, her breasts poking proudly through her snug turtleneck. "Jeremy,
  before you go out to get your switch, you're going to take some punishment
  from me." She could hear her voice shaking, but Sheila continued anyway. "Get
  over and bend across that couch!" Jeremy looked up at her rebelliously, but
  noted her breasts pressed out hard in the gray turtleneck and his cock stiffened.  
&nbsp;Sheila stepped forward &nbsp;and slapped the nice guy who had bought
  her lunch and dinner, who had taken the day to charm her and show her his home
  city. He was nothing but a slave now. "Did you hear me?" Sheila shouted.  
"Get across that couch NOW!" Jeremy went and bent across the couch, and Sheila
  picked up the Big Bad Strap and stepped over and breathed heavily, staring
  at Jeremy's chubby bottom which was poking up at her.  
Sheila stared at Simone, and Simone smiled. &quot;Well, now you have your
  slave-boy bent over, it's time to discipline.&quot;&nbsp; Sheila looked fearful. &quot;I
  don't want to injure him.&quot;&nbsp; Heather laughed. &quot;You're not going
  to injure him. This boy takes five or six harsh whippings a week. Tell her,
  Jeremy.&quot;  
Sheila looked down at Jeremy, who was oddly, smiling up at her. &quot;It's
  all right, Miss Sheila. My safeword is &quot;mercy&quot; and painful as my
  punsihments get, I've never used it, even when I was being horsewhipped by
  Heather's friend Miguel the male Master! Your whipping may hurt me, but unless
  I say Mercy, please don't stop until you're ready.&quot;  
Sheila whipped Jeremy...and whipped him! Jeremy said &quot;please stop&quot; he
  said &quot;oh God&quot; and he burst into heavy tears,but &quot;Mercy didn't
  leave&nbsp; his mouth! Finally Sheila threw down the Big Bad Strap, and then
  sent Jeremy out to cut the switch, as was originally ordered.  
 When Jeremy returned with a switch, Heather took it and bent Jeremy over
  her knee "We'll have to test this one" WHACK WHACK WHACK These licks landing
  on top of the bruises left by the Big Bad Strap from Sheila and then also from
  earlier in the day, sent Jeremy over the edge into full scale weeping, until
  Heather slapped his face and told him to shut up. "Get out there and cut five
  or six more switches. Sobbing Jeremy rushed back out into the backyard, his
  welted bottom jiggling as he went.  
&nbsp;&quot;Having fun, Sheila?&quot; Simone asked lazily, and Sheila admitted
  that she was having fun! &quot;It's just amazing how wet I get watching this
  asshole dance around!&quot; &quot;Wait til you get Roger in your clutches,
  dear.&quot; Simone said dreamily. &quot;Your little congressman will learn
  who's boss then!&quot;  
When&nbsp;Jeremy returned with the switches, he stood in front of Heather,
  who locked Jeremy's wrists into a pair of handcuffs. Sheila was amazed how
  the usually sensitive but quite confident, wisecracking scientist could be
  so submissive to three women he could have easily defeated in hand-to hand
  combat. Simone took some kite string and tied it just behind the head of Jeremy's
  penis, so that it pulled in a loop against the ridge of the glans. She then
  was able to pull Jeremy's penis up with the string while Heather locked a&nbsp;twenty
  pound ball weight to Jeremy's scrotum. Sheila gasped, staring at the size of
  the thing. It was literally a twenty pound weight from a barbell!  
&nbsp;Sheila noticed that she was getting more and more aroused watching
  the obvious misery on Jeremy's face as the weight pulled his testicles down,
  but he dared say nothing.  
Now Jeremy's balls were stretched to knee length while Simone was able to
  pull his penis up and Jeremy grimaced in obvious pain. WHACK!&nbsp; Heather
  landed one of Jeremy's switches against his shaft as it was pulled up by Simone's
  kite string.  
&quot;Oh ma'am please!&quot; begged Jeremy, and his penis looked quite pained. &quot;Well,
  we didn't ask you to get an erection, honey.&quot; Heather spoke quite reasonably
  as she raised the switch and landed it again&nbsp; a couple of times against
  Jeremy's straining cock.  
"Just a minute,dear" Simone unhooked the ball weight and Jeremy sighed with
  relief. Only temporary, dear boy." Simone assured Jeremy, and then she tied
  a string around one testicle, pulling back the skin so it protruded and then
  she tied the second testicle so it protruded separately. Sheila noticed that
  the handling of Jeremy's genitals by Simone's soft, attractively manicured
  hands made him more and more erect. Simone then re-hooked the twenty pound
  weight so it hung from Jeremy's saggins testicles even more grotesquely. "Hey,
  I have an idea." Sheila&nbsp; said. "Get up on that chair, Jeremy. Jeremy reluctantly
  climbed up on the chair, Heather assisting with the heavy weight as he climbed
  up.  
"Now jump off!" Sheila said. "No, no it'll be awful." Jeremy whined "Don't
  be afraid, darling."Simone said. "Jump&nbsp; and let's see what the weight
  does&hellip;Mistress Sheila is an imaginative girl." Heather snapped her fingers. "Go
  ahead and jump, you wimp." Jeremy stood on the armchair, his weight swinging
  back and forth between his legs, nearly pulling him down into the armchair. "I
  can't please&hellip;"  
Suddenly Sheila sneaked up behind Jeremy and slapped him hard on the bottom
  and all of a sudden he hopped off the chair and landed on his feet, but as
  the weight sailed off the chair it came down to the ground, knocking Jeremy
  onto the floor and he screamed loudly as his genitals bounced against the weight
  which had landed hard on the floor.  
"I just had another idea!" Sheila was full of ideas tonight. She motioned
  to a chest of drawers standing behind Jeremy. "Get up, pig-boy!" Sheila whacked
  Jeremy until he rose, dragging the weight with him. Sheila then ordered Jeremy
  to&nbsp; lift up the 20 pound weight and to drop it into the bottom drawer
  of the chest of drawers. Sheila then reached over and closed the drawer as
  best she could with the chain poking out of it.  
Now Jeremy was bent over, the chain pulling behind him and stuck in the closed
  drawers just beneath his balls. His balls were in pain as they were pulled
  down to the closed drawer, and he was quite puzzled. Sheila then came around
  and pulled her turtleneck off, standing directly in front of Jeremy, waving
  her breasts around in a burgundy demibra. Sheila pulled the cups down just
  enough so Jeremy could see her taut pink nipples. She was quite aware that
  Jeremy had been staring at her breasts for the past three days.  
Heather watched this with some irritation. Heather only had 32 B breasts
  as opposed to Sheila's 38 C's, and was a bit jealous. She'd noticed her hubby's
  attention to Sheila's boobs for some time. "C'mon honey." Sheila whispered
  as she poked her nipples in front of Jeremy's face. "I know you've been wanting
  to kiss these sweet nipples since I came to your house. If you can touch them,
  you can kiss them."  
Jeremy began moving towards Sheila's breasts with &nbsp;his tongue hanging
  out, and just as he was at the level to lick them, Sheila moved back just a
  little bit. Jeremy tried to move further,but felt the chain dragging at his
  balls. Damn, that's right, the 20 pound weight! Jeremy thought. His scrotal
  sack was feeling quite tugged and stretched, but he was desperate to touch
  these beautiful strawberry tipped nipples. Jeremy had not had another woman
  since his marriage to Heather, though she'd had more than her share of lovers.
  This would be such an opportunity, if only he could kiss Sheila's beautiful
  breasts!  
Heather, who was getting even angrier and more than a bit jealous of Jeremy's
  interest in Sheila's breasts, came up behind him. "Go on, Jeremy, if you like
  big boobs like that, go get them!" she said angrily and began whacking his
  butt with the switch, while at the same time closing the drawer even further
  with her leg.  
&nbsp; Jeremy was now in hell, he was trying miserably to pull away from
  the whacking of the switch, and yes, he wanted the carrot of Sheila's beautiful
  nipples. At the same time that this was going on, Simone was stroking Jeremy's
  cock and grabbed yet another switch and began whacking his erect cock down. &quot;There
  you are, darling, how's it feel?&quot; WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK.  
Sheila began screaming at Jeremy, now actively trying to run from&nbsp;Heather's
  switch, his balls being pulled miserably into the drawer, his penis was getting
  thwacked again and again from Simone's switch. &quot;Don't you want my tits?&quot; Sheila
  screamed, and she reached over and began twisting Jeremy's nipples. Truly,
  this was hell! Finally, she let Jeremy suck her nipples just for&nbsp;&nbsp; a
  moment.  
But then Sheila backed up yet again. &quot;Can you believe it, Heather? Your
  husband is assaulting my breasts!&quot; &quot;That bastard!&quot; Heather screamed
  and began whacking Jeremy anew...finally, the poor man fell down to his knees,
  suffering as his balls were still pulled upwards to the drawer, and he curled
  into the fetal position as the crops and whips rained on him.  
After Jeremy's final collapse, the women had wisely decided to end the evening's
  activities, or so Sheila had thought.  
But in the middle of the night, Jeremy had come in silently and woken Sheila
  up. &quot;Miss Heather has sent me to pleasure you, if that's what you'd like.&quot; he'd
  said hesitantly. Sheila had shaken her head at first,but then she'd thought
  about it, and Jeremy, though not as handsome as Roger, was certainly attractive...so
  she'd given in. &quot;Okay...what now?&quot;  
Jeremy had stripped Sheila naked and given her a two hour massage, and then
  he'd gone down between her legs and performed with his tongue for more than
  an hour, bringing her to five or six orgasms.  
Jeremy had then asked Sheila if she wanted to be screwed. &quot;But what
  about your belt?&quot; Sheila asked, puzzled. &quot;Well&quot; Jeremy said
  sheepishly, &quot;Although I am only allowed to cum in Miss Heather twice a
  year on Christmas and my birthday, and I haven't had the luck of the dice to
  get an orgasm in several months...I do give her sex now and then, as long as
  I don't cum...I have been trained, Miss Sheila!  
Jeremy had then screwed Sheila and she'd cum twice more, and she'd noticed
  that he'd had to pull out once and squeeze the head of his penis to keep from
  cumming. &quot;And now I have to go&nbsp; service Miss Simone and then go back
  to Miss Heather and get my cock device locked on again.&quot; Jeremy smiled
  ruefully. &quot;And first I'll have to take one hell of a shower!&quot;  
The next day was great, &nbsp;Heather and Jeremy took the ladies to West
  Baden Springs in the morning, and then after lunch they bowled at the Action
  Duckpin Bowl, before having a relaxing dinner and watching a video. Sheila
  was amazed at how little reference was made to the previous night's activities.
  At one point she'd said to Jeremy when they were alone, "Look, I hope you aren't
  upset with me, I didn't go too far last night, did I?"  
&nbsp;Jeremy had looked in her eyes and smiled and taken her hand. "Sheila,
  I have four mortgages on my house I don't need because I spent so much money
  visiting dominatrixes for nearly&nbsp;a decade. I then went into my retirement
  to pay Simone to train Heather&hellip;now I live my dream for free, or at least
  I don't have to go into debt&hellip;Heather has all my money. You are a beautiful
  woman, and you brought me pain AND joy last night!" Jeremy had smiled and taken
  Sheila's hand once again and squeezed it, and given her a hug.  
&quot;I really envy your husband. He's going to have a ball if he's a true
  masochist!&quot;  
Sheila had been so pleased by this&hellip;she wondered if the punishments
  were at an end for Jeremy for this trip. After dinner, however, Simone brought
  up the Erection Taming exercises. "There's just so much more to do my dears."  
This time Jeremy was unencumbered by the 20 pound ball weight, to his relief,
  although the kite string was once again tied on after his cock lock device
  was removed and his hands cuffed.  
This time he tried hard to hold still as the three women examined his pulsating
  erection with curious f ingers. "I am warning you, Jer," said Heather. "If
  you cum without permission, and I hear you breathing&mdash;if you cum on one
  of us, you are going to have to sleep in the dog kennel tonight, and it is
  December."  
"You have a dog?" asked Sheila. She'd recalled seeing the wire cage outside
  in the backyard. "No, no, of course not." Heather laughed. "In the summer,
  I often make Jeremy sleep outside in the kennel, quite naked. He spends most
  of the evening swatting mosquitoes and howling&hellip;it's actually pretty
  funny." Simone chuckled. "I must remember that for Stuart."  
As Simone's fingers stroked Jeremy's tumescent erection, she mused. "It's
  a shame I don't have any Ben Gay or Wintergreen Oil&hellip;this can make a
  slave boy's penis rather wild." "We have Witch Hazel" responded Heather. Jeremy
  took a quick intake of breath, closing his eyes. Sheila could tell that this
  was an exercise that he'd undergone before.  
&nbsp;The poor thing, Sheila thought. She had now seen Jeremy naked several
  times, and he had never seen her or Simone unclad at all, except for the night
  before, when he'd done all the performing on her clit in the dark.  
. How embarrassing that must be, to not get to see us naked when he's always
  nude, she thought, and frustrating, because she knew Jeremy kept staring at
  her breasts, and she'd seen him gaping at Simone's rack and several times at
  Simone's sumptuous rear end in tight designer jeans.  
&nbsp;   
Jeremy was trying quite obviously not to shift too much, but Sheila could
  tell this was difficult with all the lovely manicured fingers dancing across
  his suffering cock. "Have you ever tried snapping rubber bands on a slave,
  Simone?"Heather asked as she savagely raked Jeremy's scrotum with her nails. "It's
  great with Mr. Wimpie here, I wrap them all over his cock, the thick ones and
  keep snapping and re-snapping them. Once I cut a pocket out&nbsp; of his pants
  and had all these bands around his balls and could just reach in his pocket
  and snap away, what a laugh." Simone's face filled with mirth watching the
  pain in Jeremy's face.  
"Well, Jeremy certainly has been through the wringer with experimentation.
  I remember when I was just a new girl at Tease Island and he was an old repeat
  client, and Miss Dawn used his gentials as a teaching device for young dommes,
  she used electrodes&hellip;need I say more?" Heather laughed at Jason's face
  as he dealt with the memory.  
Sheila was a bit more somber. Electricity? "It must've been something" she
  said. "Now the next thing we'll do is tease our Jeremy a bit" Simone squirted
  lotion in her hand and rubbed it briskly all over Jeremy's hard cock, and Jeremy
  began panting. "I do this for two reasons, girls&hellip;first so he will become
  more excited, and secondly because the lotion makes his skin ever so much more
  sensitive."  
Simone then pulled a clothespin out of her bag. "If you want to see something
  interesting&hellip;" Heather interrupted casually "Oh, we've done clothespins,
  haven't we Jer?" She laughed. "I've put em all on him, knocked them off again,
  made him cry..it's boring." Simone looked a bit irritable. "But if you let
  me finish my sentence, Heather&hellip;you've put them where? Nipples, penis
  tip? Scrotum? All probable,but have you tried the frenum?"  
"Where's that?"Heather asked, interested now. Simone lifted Jeremy's well
  lubricated cock up and showed them the sensitive spot just under the head. "This
  is called the frenum&hellip;it's the part that drives a man wild." Sheila laughed. "Oh
  yeah, that's the part that drives guys wild&hellip;I lick it when I give blowjobs." Jeremy's
  cock got even harder as he imagined this, and Heather slapped his erection
  in a jealous huff.  
"Yes, it's a very sensitive area." Simone said. "Now watch how it reacts
  when a clothespin is put on it." Simone put a clothespin on the skin just above
  Jeremy's cockhead and he winced,but that was about it. "See? That's not so
  bad for an old hand like Jeremy." Simone removed the clothespin and then put
  it on the underside, the frenum, and Jeremy went wild, screaming and jumping
  up and down, as his hands tugged uselessly at the handcuffs "PLEASE MA'M TAKE
  IT OFF! PLEASE! OH MERCY!" At the sound of the safeword, Simone quickly removed
  the clothespin and Jeremy burst into tears. "Well now&hellip;Stuart's a big
  boy, he can keep it on for nearly ten minutes&hellip;but he's tougher."  
Heather looked extremely annoyed. "Jeremy is going to be as tough as Stuart,
  we're going to practice AREN'T WE DEAR?" Jeremy looked at the floor, tears
  streaming down his face. Sheila could tell he wasn't looking forward to frenum
  training. "Yes Miss Heather." he whispered.  
&quot;It's a shame I don't have the old devices, eh Jeremy?&quot; Simone
  asked Jeremy as she chuckled. &quot;I used to rub sandpaper over my slave-boys
  genitals, and shove Q-tips dipped in Drano in their urethras, and another fun
  thing is to sew the urethra closed and then feed the slave a lot of beer so
  he can't go to the bathroom, or perhaps burn birthday candles under his balls." Simone
  laughed as she remembered. "Or I'd poke holes in a zucchini and dip it in Ben-Gay
  or hot sauce and shove it up a slave-boy's ass!"  
&quot;..and for a period I had a marvelous black glove that had steel spikes
  poking out of the fingers and palm, there must have been fifty of them..what
  a stimulating hand-job that was for a slave.&quot; Jeremy breathed. &quot;I
  remember that glove, Miss Simone.&quot; Simone laughed. &quot;Yes, I think
  I slapped you across the balls with it once.&quot;  
Jeremy was in heaven and in hell at the same time with all the stimulation
  he was getting. The three women were all over his frustrated dick, playing
  with it, testing it. Simone would stroke it to full hardness, and then Sheila
  would wave her boobs in front of Jeremy and Simone said "Go limp now!" and
  of course Jeremy couldn't "What's wrong, Jeremy?" Sheila had asked playfully,
  as she tickled his foreskin with a long pink nail. "Can't you be obedient?" Then
  Simone had swatted Jeremy's penis with one of the switches he'd cut in the
  yard the night before.  
She'd kept it wet in the bathtub for 24 hours so it would hurt more as it
  thwacked Jeremy's erection,but Simone surely got it to go down, and then of
  course Simone, Sheila and Heather masturbated Jeremy's cock right back up again,
  and began teasing him&hellip;and then whacked it right back down! Jeremy was
  as said, in heaven and hell.&nbsp; He was terribly attracted to all three women!  
Heather of course&nbsp; was Jeremy's wife, and he was quite hot for her,
  even after seven years together, and Simone, the raven haired bitch, had been
  an obsession of Jeremy's for t he fifteen or so years that she'd been his sometime
  domme.&nbsp; And Sheila was incredibly pretty!  
Here she was playing with his dick, passing it back and forth with Simone,
  while Heather stood to the side with a kind of jealous sulk on her face. But
  was this Jeremy's fault?  
The night before, Heather had sent Jeremy to service Sheila and Simone in
  their rooms. "And I warn you, if you cum in her, you'll pay hell with me, kiddo." Heather
  had waved her cut off garden hose, which she often took great joy in whipping
  Jeremy with. "This is work, not pleasure, you little pervert." She'd said this
  after slapping Jeremy and pushing him out into the hallway. Obviously Heather
  had mixed feelings about Jeremy servicing Sheila and Simone, but she was also
  quite proud that her husband was such an accomplished cuntlapper.  
It had been such torture for Jeremy, working with Sheila&hellip;Simone was
  quite a bit older, and though quite hot, he knew the terrain,but Sheila was
  a cute little thing of only twenty-f our, and Jeremy, who hadn't cum in four
  or five months&nbsp; now, had had to massage and lick every inch of Sheila's
  beautiful body, her delicately shaved armpits, kissing her beautiful breasts
  with the exotic pink nipples.  
"Is it worth what I put you through when I locked your balls in the drawer" Sheila
  had teased as Jeremy greedily gobbled at her nipples. "I kept hoping you'd
  reach the nipples, I really did." She'd laughed. Jeremy had discovered that
  Sheila had a closely shaved twat and a butterfly tattoo right on her inner
  thigh!  
Jeremy had licked Sheila's clit for such a long time, bringing her to many
  orgasms, and then he'd taken a deep breath and shoved his poor, frustrated
  cock into her tight slit and fucked her again and again&hellip;and my God,
  it had been difficult to keep from cumming. Sheila had shrieked and moaned,
  and Jeremy knew that Heather was steaming with jealously in her room. He knew
  Heather&nbsp; couldn't punish him for sending him in there to bring Sheila
  pleasure,but that she would find some other pretext to punish him, and it would
  be hellish.  
And certainly the next day&mdash;that day, Heather had given Jeremy a thrashing
  on his bare buttocks with the iron fire-shovel because he'd forgotten to dry
  the dishes after lunch. And it was because she was so angry that he'd brought
  Sheila all that pleasure,but he also knew that it would have been even worse
  if he'd let himself cum in Sheila&hellip;there would have been a horrible cock
  whipping from the vengeful Heather for that!  
Heather was very bitter that Jeremy was very hot for young women, and now
  and then she would &nbsp;have Jeremy kneel naked in the middle of a circle
  of young women who would take turns stroking his penis slowly, first one hot
  young girl, then the next&hellip;once she'd gotten Jeremy's secretary, and
  his aerobics instructor, and two of her girlfriends and the girls had humiliated
  poor Jeremy as they'd sat in tight sweaters and miniskirts in a circle around
  the poor naked guy taking turns stroking his dick, as he tried hard not to
  cum,but then he'd broken down and cum in his secretary's hand, and Heather
  had ended up spending the evening putting out cigars on Jeremy's penis while
  he screamed and cried&hellip;and how angry she would be if she knew how much
  he liked Sheila!  
"You are so much better in bed than my husband" Sheila had told Jeremy in
  bed the night before, kissing him tenderly, forgetting that he had been the
  slave that she was torturing earlier that evening "And better than many boyfriends
  I've had. You last such a long time inside me, Men always seem to cum before
  I get to when they fuck me, you know?" Jeremy had laughed. "Well that's the
  benefit of making it with a slave, Miss Sheila. I only cum when I'm allowed
  to by my wife, and I've suffered dire punishments by her when I've cum without
  permission."  
&nbsp;Jeremy thought of how many numbers of Heather's friends he'd serviced
  at orgies they'd hosted&mdash;all the couples and wife swapping, and Jeremy
  fucking as many women as all the other guys,but at the end, all the men and
  women had cum continuously, especially Heather, who was a wanton slut, but
  Jeremy's cock was still frustrated and full from having to fuck so many women
  and getting no release whatsoever until Sheila would allow it, which wouldn't
  be for many months after whatever orgy it had been&hellip;oh his hard dick
  and sore balls!  
&nbsp;Now Simone was raking Jeremy's cock with clawed spaghetti tongs that
  Jeremy could tell she'd sharpened somewhere, and he felt the foreskin tearing
  as she attempted to grab his glans with the tongs. Jeremy danced back and forth,
  and Sheila was laughing hysterically. "Jesus, look at him bounce around, what
  a riot this is." This rather hurt Jeremy's feelings as they had been tenderly
  kissing the night before.  
But that was the curse of being a submissive. In his heart, Jeremy knew he
  was not the man for a serious relationship,but he also had that lingering desire
  that a night with a girl like Sheila could do for any man. Also, Jeremy was
  a bit of a nerd, as frankly, was Heather, though she was fairly cute&hellip;but
  Sheila was a stunning woman, and Jeremy's evening of fooling around with her
  had made him a little bit crazy in love with her, what could he do?  
&nbsp;Even though now he was naked and being tortured and she was making
  fun of him. It reminded Jeremy of walking a pretty little girl home from school
  in fifth grade, buying her an ice cream and having a nice talk with her, and
  then having her make fun of him and having the football players kick him around
  the next day. Jeremy had seen fear in that little girls eyes, and he felt like
  she had been afraid to be close pals with THE GEEK.  
But still, Sheila had been telling Jeremy the night before what a good looking
  guy he was for a slave boy, and even though intellectually Jeremy knew that
  she was going through all this crap with her husband, and was in rebound mode,
  he couldn't help but lap up all those damn compliments, sad and pathetic geek
  that he was. But now Sheila acted like nothing like that had happened.  
&nbsp;"I have an idea"Sheila said suddenly. "Remember that hairbrush you
  were hitting Jeremy with earlier this afternoon when he temporarily lost the
  car keys Heather? Do you have it around?" Heather ran to get the hair brush.
  Jeremy tried to catch Sheila's eye for a sympathetic look, but she was having
  none of it, apparently. When Heather returned with the brush, Jeremy wondered
  whether Sheila was going to give him a spanking. As he was still attempting
  to dodge the sharpened spaghetti tongs, he was a bit distracted.  
"Open your legs, loser." Sheila said in a brisk voice, and close to tears,
  Jeremy opened his legs and Sheila got in the back of him and began raking the
  brush side of the hairbrush against &nbsp;Jeremy's inner thighs and testicles,
  causing him extreme pain, as Simone continued her operations with the sharpened
  spaghetti tongs. There was a scrape by the brush and Jeremy began crying softly
  as he continued to dance around  
Suddenly Sheila stopped Simone and put down the hairbrush and began stroking
  Jeremy's penis lovingly and tenderly. "Honey don't cry." Jeremy's cheeks were
  covered in tears, and Sheila stood up and took Jeremy's head, and nestled it
  to her breast as Simone laughed and called her a soft heart. "Well, he's being
  so good." Sheila said in a sweet voice as Jeremy breathed in the perfume surrounding
  her soft breasts, encased as they were in a skintight halter top. Sheila continued
  to stroke Jeremy's cock as she whispered "You're such a good man, you're doing
  your best." But then Heather's plodding, nasty voice came.  
"You know he's getting way too hard." Heather said meditatively. "I have
  a solution for that." Heather grabbed Jeremy's shoulder and forcibly dragged
  him away from Sheila&nbsp; and took him up the stairs, Jeremy stumbling, his
  arms struggling against the handcuffs.  
Simone sat back and had some brandy, but Sheila followed curiously. Heather
  turned the shower on in the master bathroom and Jeremy shuddered. "Normally
  I just give Jeremy a 20 second cold blast from the shower after I've been teasing
  him for a couple hours and I gotta get him limp so I can shove him back in
  the cock-lock thing." Heather said in her grating voice. Oh, thought Jeremy,
  why isn't she melodic like wonderful, young Sheila? "But now I think he's so
  hard that I may have to put him in the shower for longer. He's hot for you,
  jailbait" Heather motioned disgustedly at Sheila who grinned in spite of herself.  
"Get in there, Jeremy, a cold shower will calm you down a little." Sheila
  roughly tried to push Jeremy into the shower, and Jeremy knew that a cold shower
  this time of the year was especially not a good idea. Jeremy pulled back, pleading. "No,
  no Miss Heather, I'll go limp, I'm calming down right now." Heather grabbed
  Jeremy by one ear and Sheila by the other, and they pulled him into the shower,
  Heather's Doc Martens boot kicking him in the rear as he stumbled into the
  tub and the freezing blast hit his body hard.  
Immediately, Jeremy tried to climb out of the shower again,but his hands
  were locked behind his back and so he had no balance and ended up falling into
  the bottom of the tub, suffering as the icy water covered him. The women kept
  Jeremy in there for more than three minutes before the phone rang and Heather
  went to answer it. "You can let him out if you want to now."&nbsp; Then Heather
  closed the door as she went out.  
Sheila reached into the shower and turned off the water, looking down at
  the drenched Jeremy who was huddled in the fetal position, lying on his manacled
  hands. "You poor thing" Sheila said sweetly,&nbsp; as she pulled Jeremy out
  of the tub, hugging him closely to her. Toweling Jeremy off,&nbsp; Sheila kissed
  his shivering lips and cheeks tenderly. "You sweet, sweet man. How can we treat
  you this way?" Jeremy was silent as Sheila rubbed the towel all over his freezing
  body, paying special attention to his genitals,which felt as if they wanted
  to crawl inside his body, until her fingers found the tip of his cock and gave
  it something to live for again.  
Soon Sheila remarked that her shirt was getting rather wet from closeness
  to the wet slave. "Guess I better take it off, right?" she smiled, and unbuttoned
  and removed her halter top, tossing it on the floor, and now she was just wearing
  a tiny little blue bra.  
"Heather may not like you doing that, Miss Sheila" Jeremy said anxiously. "No,
  I'm in charge now, and Heather won't mind..just love me like a real man should,
  it'll make you feel better, and I'll explain to Heather" Sheila said, nibbling
  Jeremy's right ear.  
Sheila leaned in and gave Jeremy a big kiss, still stroking his penis, which
  was finally getting back some of its spirit. "Darling I can't believe what
  we've put you through." She crooned, as her long pink nails tickled Jeremy's
  foreskin, and her forefinger did an experimental twirl up Jeremy's crack. Sheila's
  tongue moved about in Jeremy's mouth, as her fingers played along his rapidly
  elonogating cock..and for a moment he was in bliss.  
"Are-are you sure, Miss Sheila?" Jeremy thought he should ask again. "I don't
  know if I'm supposed to be this close to you&hellip;" Sheila tongue kissed
  him again and bumped and ground her crotch against his excited penis. "You're
  all mine, baby. If only I had the key to the handcuffs, it would all be fabulous..but
  push against me now!"  
But then he began getting excited and began moving further towards Sheila,
  who humped him back with her jeans, and all of a sudden he was leaning over
  her, straining his wrists against the cuffs as he rubbed his cock against the
  hard zipper of her black jeans.  
"What the hell's going on here?" Heather asked, enraged as she burst into
  the bathroom. "I don't know, Heather&mdash;" Sheila looked flustered. "I was
  trying to be nice to him and now he's leaning all over me, it's real scary,
  he told me to take my shirt off, and now I think he's&hellip;it's weird." Sheila
  pretended to look rather terrified as she stared at Jeremy, who was amazed
  by her betrayal. "He-he actually had the nerve to kiss me and stuff his tongue
  in my mouth!" Sheila said to Heather with an astonished look on her face. "But-but
  you wanted&hellip;" Jeremy knew though, that it was no use.  
"Well you disgusting pervert!" Heather grabbed Jeremy once again by the ear
  and brought him down the stairs two at a time, passing Simone, who was still
  relaxing with her brandy.  
Heather stopped at the living room level, and gave Jeremy a brutal whipping
  with the Big Bad Strap and then pulled him down the next level of stairs to
  the cellar, which was a cold, dank place, and quite unheated.  
&nbsp;Heather opened the door to the basement and shoved Jeremy down the
  stairs, where he spent quite a cold night, huddled against his handcuffs, wondering
  at the cruelty of women!  
Jeremy cowered and shivered on the cellar steps, his erection now at full
  length, as he thought of Sheila's tongue probing his mouth. What an evening
  he had been through! And though Jeremy tried to focus on Sheila's betrayal,
  that she'd basically set him up for Heather's punishment, all he could remember
  was Sheila's cleavage bulging out of the little blue bra,&nbsp; and the way
  she'd brushed up to his chest, and his penis got harder and harder, in a sense
  a welcome distraction from the fact that he was sitting in an unheated basement
  in mid winter.  
Jeremy turned around so he lay against the stairs and began rubbing his penis&nbsp; on
  one of the steps, and this further distracted him from the cellar's chilliness.&nbsp; Jeremy
  imagined he was fucking Sheila's little strawberry blond snatch; and he panted
  heavily. He knew he shouldn't attempt to to uch his penis without permission;
  but he was so erect and horny! Jeremy's dick, slick with precum rubbed against
  the stair as he imagined Sheila's lips kissing his own.  
Jeremy had lots of practice rubbing his penis against various surfaces&mdash;many
  times when Heather, disappointed that Jeremy had gotten his seven or eleven
  with the dice would insist that Jeremy get himself off by rubbing his cock
  against the floor with his hands cuffed, or stroking it against a chair leg,
  like a dog would. Jeremy had gotten lots of splinters in his time trying to
  get a good orgasm this way!  
Jeremy rubbed faster and faster, but tried not to go too fast&hellip;Heather
  would know if he'd cum, and she would put him through hell! His balls were
  incredibly full; not only had there been the intense sessions with Sheila,
  but Jeremy was teased incredibly nearly all the time!&nbsp; Heather was just
  an evil and accomplished tease, and she had been teasing Jeremy nonstop since
  the last time the dice had fallen in his favor and he'd been allowed to spurt.
  (that time had been rubbing his cock against an open window ledge, thus having
  forced friction with his hands cuffed and having the agony of worrying that
  a passerby might call the police at the sight of a man sticking his dick out
  the window)  
But since then, Heather had teased Jeremy constantly. She was no Sheila,
  but Heather's slightly chubby curves looked damned good in lingerie, and she
  often paraded in front of Jeremy in little frilly bodysuits and bikini underwear,
  rubbing her thong-ed buttocks against his imprisoned cock as he was doing the
  dishes most nights.  
At work, Heather would call Jeremy several times a week, and he would hastily
  wolf his lunch so he could spend the hour in the bathroom stall listening to
  her whisper in&nbsp; his ear through his cell phone. "Don't you wish I'd suck
  your dick, you miserable slave-scum, like I do the nice Jenkins boy who mows
  our lawn?" Heather would whisper wickedly. "My full lips running all&nbsp; over
  the head of your cock, biting the foreskin and slurping it around, or you sucking
  on my tits while I blow you from beneath?"  
&nbsp;The fact that Heather had not given Jeremy a blowjob since their honeymoon
  made Jeremy even hotter as he'd listen to the cellphone and pull and stroke
  his balls, which were not covered by the chastity device. As Heather went on
  in her sexy voice, Jeremy would stroke his balls while his penis pushed and
  squirmed in vain against the curel confines of the chastity tube.  
Recently, after Jeremy's secretary had been a part of the circle jerk, Heather
  had taken her in full confidence, and now every lunch hour, Jeremy's secretary
  would give poor Jeremy the key to his chastity belt, and he would be allowed
  to unlock himself and masturbate, pulling his dick rapidly with that nasty
  pink bathroom soap, which always left horrible rashes, while listening to his
  wife.  
&nbsp;"But remember hon, if you cum, it's all over for ya&hellip;." Heather
  was quite tough&hellip;did Jeremy enjoy it more in the bathroom listening to
  her evil voice going on when he could freely jerk off? Well, yes, but it was
  also such TORTURE since he couldn't cum. Even listening to Heather's warnings
  of what she would do to Jeremy if he did cum, seemed to turn him on. "I'll
  take your&nbsp; pants down in the supermarket and whip your ass with a car
  radio ariel, and then stomp my heels in your balls until you whine and cry
  like the pathetic baby you are, and then I'll take you home and lock your balls
  in a vice while I switch your cockhead with stinging nettles&hellip;" It was
  hell trying not to cum while listening to the punishments for cumming there
  in the work bathroom stall.  
And of course his co-workers often joked about how they'd hear Jeremy pant
  as he sat, lunch hour after lunch hour, in the stall with his trousers down
  at his knees, and how his bulge would be pronounced when he went back to work,
  and his secretary re-locked the belt, patting the balls to make sure they were
  still full "like a good boy"  
Then, at night, Jeremy would come home, and after he'd done his chores and
  cooked Heather dinner and cleaned the kitchen, she'd order Jeremy to strip
  naked once again, taking off the chastity device, and making fun of the various
  rashes that the awful pink bathroom soap had left on his genitals. They'd sit
  down to watch TV together, Jeremy naked and cuffed beside Heather, or sometimes
  kneeling at her feet while her toes toyed with his cock. Then from the six
  o'clock news to the end of Letterman, Heather would casually stroke and toy
  with Jeremy's erection with either fingers or toes, through every commercial.
  Jeremy would barely be able to focus on the show itself, as he'd be waiting
  for the commercial to arrive.  
Sometimes Heather would quiz Jeremy on whatever they'd been watching, such
  as the plot of "Law and Order" and if he couldn't answer well because he'd
  been staring in her cleavage as she toyed with his dick,&nbsp; Heather would
  attach clothespins or binder clips to Jeremy's nipples, cock and balls and
  knock them off with her riding crop, and give him between 25 and 100 whacks
  with the Big Bad Strap, depending on how egregiously he'd guessed when figuring
  out the plot of whatever show it was.  
So Jeremy was quite full semen wise&hellip;and he was obsessed, nay in love
  with Sheila!  
Jeremy continued to rub his hard-on against the stairs, closing his eyes,
  thinking of Sheila, this beautiful woman who had entered his life. He knew
  she must like him just a little bit! He could see the compassion in her eyes,
  he thought. But really, could a woman love a man she felt sorry for? Jeremy
  pushed and rubbed his cock harder&nbsp;against the stairs and considered.  
Suddenly there was a crack of light, the cellar door had opened! Was it Heather,
  taking pity on Jeremy? That wasn't Heather's style&hellip;when Heather was
  pissed Jeremy was banished somewhere.  
The night she'd found his copy of "Leg Tease" magazine, Heather had locked
  him in her grandmother's steamer trunk for a weekend;&nbsp; once or twice she'd
  confined him to their storage space that was rented from a warehouse, and Jeremy
  had had to huddle naked next to Heather's late mother's tied Oriental Rugs;
  many many nights Jeremy had been confined to the hall closet, and of course
  last summer had been spent confined on his hands and knees locked in that FUCKING
  dog kennel, trying to slap mosquitos who were having a feast on Jeremy's naked
  body!  
"Jeremy? It's Sheila." Jeremy looked up, and the woman of his dreams, who
  he'd been obsessed with for three days stepped down the stairs. He seemingly
  forgot her betrayal in the shower room, the way she'd beaten him repeatedly,
  and just gazed up at her in complete fascination. "Are you okay, hon?" Sheila
  asked in her little voice.  
&nbsp;Jeremy could see even in the dark that she was clad in a tiny crinoline
  lingerie body suit. "I've come to rescue you from the cellar, babe." Sheila
  said as she sat down next to Jeremy. She gave Jeremy a full kiss on the lips
  and he breathed in tightly.  
Oh yes, she loved him, she must. But to take him out of the cellar. "Did
  Miss Heather give you the okay on that?" God he didn't want Heather to get
  mad. She would take it out on Jeremy even if Sheila had the decency to defend
  her action, which from previous experience, Jeremy didn't think so. Sheila
  smiled, and kissed Jeremy again, and his cock grew tumescent. Her long nails
  closed on it as she ran her tongue around in his ear.  
"What I think we should do is sneak to my room for the night, and then I'll
  put you back in the morning down here on the stairs." She kissed Jeremy deeply
  again and said "I'm real sorry I've been so mean to you,but I don't want to
  piss Simone or Heather off by letting them know that I've developed these weird
  feelings for you, Jeremy."  
Jeremy's head was spinning. Weird feelings? Could this be true? Sheila led
  Jeremy up the stairs and through the house silently, her hand on his manacled
  elbow.  
"I wish I could find the key to these handcuffs so I could release you." Sheila
  breathed, and her cleavage bounced in the tight lingerie bodysuit. In the light,
  Jeremy could tell that it was lime colored. "I want your hands on my breasts..but
  I guess that can't happen." Jeremy shook his head sadly. "But I can give you
  a little stimulation, as long as you don't cum, right? 'Cause she can tell,
  right?"  
Jeremy nodded ruefully. "She can examine my balls and know exactly how much
  backlog is supposed to be there." Sheila cocked her head at Jeremy. "But would
  you still like a little bit of um, fun? Though it might be a little frustrating
  until you and I can think of a better solution, maybe in the future?" Jeremy
  was dazzled by the idea of a future solution with Sheila, who was one of the
  most beautiful women he'd ever seen. He nodded vigorously, and Sheila giggled,
  and poured a bit of lube onto his rock hard penis as he lay back on his manacled
  hands.  
Sheila took her time, moving her hand to slowly grasp Jeremy's cock very
  slowly, and he held his breath impatiently as he waited for her to begin stroking. "I
  really like you, Jeremy..and I think Simone and Heather are way, way too into
  this femdom thing."  
Sheila began circling her fingers around Jeremy's cock , the French nails
  glistening with lubricant. "I mean, I like these games too,but you are such
  a nice guy, and you could do with a bit of pampering, don't you think?" Sheila
  moved the lubricant all over Jeremy's&nbsp; stiff organ, finally making her
  fist go up and down. Jeremy bit his tongue, hoping she'd go a bit faster, but
  terrified he might cum.  
With her other hand, Sheila began tormenting Jeremy's over-full testicles,
  pulling at them and tickling the underside of his scrotum, and Jeremy's hips
  rose to meet her wandering fingers. "Heather just is too tough." Jeremy said
  sadly. "I mean, this is fun, we both enjoy it, but sometimes she really goes
  way too far."  
&nbsp;   
Jeremy's heart palpitated as Sheila gently turned him over on the bed and
  began running her smooth hands across his ass crack, tickling it a bit with
  her long nails and massaging the cheeks, still quite sore from the last whipping. "Oh
  you poor baby" she crooned. "These welts are so nasty. Heather really lays
  it on, doesn't she?" Jeremy coughed. "Well, she does have a mean streak&mdash;it
  turns me on and all,but she does go a bit overboard." Sheila shook her head
  sadly, and leaned up on Jeremy's chest, licking his nipples. "See, you don't
  deserve all that bad treatment, baby, you really don't&hellip;I love your tits,
  Jeremy, you aren't the only one obsessed with nipples, my son." She whispered
  as her tongue licked little rivulets around his chest and down his stomach.  
Sheila's right hand, which was still caressing Jeremy's sore buns, reached
  through the legs to massage his very swollen balls while her left hand tickled
  the tip of his penis as she lay her head on his hip. Her fingernails raked
  the underside of his cock, and he bucked and gasped yet begged for more. "See,
  Heather just doesn't c-care for me that much, or maybe she doesn't understand
  me..you seem so understanding." Sheila looked very seriously at Jeremy. "I
  think I do." Could this be true? Could this lovely young woman be falling in
  love with him? She's married to a U.S. Congressman, Jeremy thought swiftly.
  Don't be a fool. But you make nearly eighty K and maybe she finds politicians
  boring.  
Jeremy's eyes closed..he was in heaven as Sheila, noting that his penis slit
  was oozing precum gently took one finger and rubbed the preejaculate into the
  skin of the glans, and Jeremy thought he might lose his mind with desire. "Oh,
  that can't be true, Jeremy.&nbsp; Sheila must love a hot guy like you." Sheila
  chuckled deep in her throat and moved back up Jeremy's chubby body, kissing
  his chest and then his neck. "You are just a great guy, and my priorities have
  changed so much. I am so glad I've gotten to know you."  
Jeremy leaned into the phone in his office&nbsp;a couple of &nbsp;days later,
  hoping and praying that Heather didn't answer it. What would he say? The night
  before had been so incredible, he thought.  
Sheila had teased Jeremy to distraction, and then she'd ridden his cock to
  five or six orgasms, though of course Jeremy had had to hold off himself, and
  then she'd returned him to the basement at four a.m&hellip;leaving him lying
  against the stairs for about three more hours til Heather got up and came down
  and unlocked him.  
For the next three nights, Sheila had requested Jeremy's services from Heather,
  but it had been much more intimate than mistress/slave, though Heather didn't
  know that. Jeremy had serviced Sheila, but Sheila had also given Jeremy several
  infuriating blowjobs..because once again, Jeremy couldn't cum!!!  
&nbsp;They'd had great talks about all sorts of things--their childhoods,their
  lives, and Jeremy really enjoyed Sheila...he was physically absolutely captivated
  by her, and felt they had a lot in common as well. &quot;I really think you're
  much more than just a slave, Jeremy&quot; Sheila had told him the night before. &quot;I
  have these incredible feelings for you!&quot;  
&nbsp;Now when Heather called him during the day for his bathroom cell phone
  tease session, her grating voice just irritated Jeremy, and he wanted no part
  of Heather...he just dreamed of Sheila!  
Finally someone answered the phone. It was Sheila! &quot;Hey Jeremy! , do
  you want to talk to Heather?&quot;Sheila asked Jeremy. &quot;No, no...Sheila,
  Simone and Heather are supposed to be taking you to a Scourge Society Seminar
  this weekend, but I was thinking, if you told them you had a relative in town
  somewhere, you and I could go to a little cabin that Sheila and I have in the
  woods...we could really work on getting to know each other better there, I
  was thinking.&quot;  
&nbsp;Jeremy's heart was pounding as he said this to Sheila, but they'd been
  so personal and loving, and she'd even told him she thought she loved him that
  morning at breakfast!  
But he was terrified that Heather might be listening on the other line. She
  could be very angry if she was jealous, Jeremy knew that.  
Once, they'd gone to swing with another couple, and Jeremy had just given
  the woman an appreciative look, and Heather had forced Jeremy to spend the
  evening kneeling alone in the corner while she and the other woman had partied
  with the one lucky husband! Jeremy had felt so horrible staring in the corner,
  not even allowed to see the other wife undressed...and of course Heather had
  made Jeremy undress before he knelt in the corner!  
&quot;So what do you think, Sheila? Do you want to give our love a test?&quot; Jeremy
  asked eagerly. &quot;It'll just give us time to enjoy each other without the
  whole mistress/slave femdom thing...of course I need some of that in my life,
  but not this weekend...&quot; Sheila seemed to hesitate. &quot;I think I'd
  like to, Jeremy, I know I would,but I feel so bad about taking you away from
  Heather.&quot;  
Jeremy snorted contemptuously. &quot;That bitch has cheated on me with so
  many different men, both my brothers, all my fraternity buddies, once she had
  two frat pals doing her while I was bound in a chair in front&nbsp; of the
  bed. They kept throwing condoms at me. Fuck that bitch.&quot;  
&quot;Okay...I think you're right.&quot; Sheila said hesitantly. &quot;I'll
  tell the girls that I am staying in town, and I actually do have an aunt in
  Muncie I could be seeing.&quot; They made it a date. They would go to the cabin
  Friday night and have a nice three day weekend. Jeremy was overjoyed!  
The next couple of days were spent with Jeremy and Sheila exchanging secret
  grins and winks, and the pains and tortures Heather and Simone put him through
  didn't seem that important at all...even when Sheila gave Jeremy a vicious
  bare bottom whipping with a two by four in the back yard, he took it with a
  grin, knowing that she secretly loved him!  
&quot;Maybe we could get married&quot; he told her hesitantly the night before
  they were supposed to drive up. Jeremy had done his hour of servicing Simone
  and then Sheila, and then he'd gone back to Heather's bed until she fell asleep..and
  then sneaked back to his beloved Sheila's bed again to talk and caress her. &quot;Maybe...&quot;Sheila
  said demurely. &quot;You're so different from my husband the congressman. He's
  just such a pushy dork, and you're a man of science.&quot; Jeremy laughed. &quot;And
  you are so much sexier and more interesting than Heather, who is a bitch and
  a moronic bimbo focused on People magazine and reality shows...you're amazing,
  Sheila&quot;  
They laughed like little children, and planned what could be their life together.
  Naming&nbsp; the mythical children they could have, Jeremy held his beautiful
  Sheila in his arms, and she kept telling him how fabulous he really was! It
  was like a dream come true, he thought. &quot;You seem like you're in an awfully
  good mood&quot; Heather had kept saying to Jeremy suspiciously, and he had
  to just withhold his smile, and try to look submissive,but he could tell that
  this nightmare with her was soon to be over!  
&nbsp;On Friday night, Jeremy and Sheila said goodbye to Simone and Heather. "Now
  you two behave" Simone said mischeviously, and the two laughed self consciously,
  and got in the car about an hour later to drive up to the cabin in the woods.
  When they arrived, talking and giggling, Jeremy and Sheila took their bags
  into the cabin and opened the door, and the first image that met Jeremy's puzzled
  eyes was a muscular, tattooed biker type, sitting in&nbsp; Jeremy's cabin armchair!  
"Excuse me, this is a private house" said Jeremy to the leather guy angrily. "Did
  you break in here?" "Shut your miserable trap, you pantrywaist slave pig." The
  biker guy seemed to snarl this at Jeremy, and then said "Hey there Sheila darlin'." Sheila
  grinned as she came in behind Jeremy. "Hey there, Master Monty&hellip;I reeled
  in the fish just like you said I would." Jeremy started. Master Monty! He'd
  heard of this legendary master from some of their friends in the leather community.
  Why wasn't Sheila surprised to see this guy? What was this about " reeling
  in the fish" ? This was really weird. Master Monty looked up at Sheila as she
  bent over to give him a kiss. "Simone and Heather are in the back room with
  some of the fellows." Sheila kissed Monty again "Great I'll tell them we're
  here."  
Jeremy was alarmed. "D-don't tell Heather we're here! But wait, I thought
  she was at a Scourge Society Seminar!" Monty laughed loudly. "Oh, we thought
  we'd bring the seminar here&hellip;it will be so much more interesting don't
  you think, scumbag?" Sheila gave Jeremy this pathetically contemptuous look,
  and went into the back room. Suddenly Heather came out of the room. "Darling,
  it's not what you think" said Jeremy, panicked. Ignoring him, Heather crossed
  over to the stereo tape player and inserted a cassette, and Jeremy's voice
  came booming out at the maximum decibel. "Sheila, you are so much sexier and
  more interesting than Heather, who is a bitch and a moronic bimbo focused on
  People magazine and reality shows...you're amazing, Sheila&quot; Then there
  was a cut in the tape and then came "I never really loved Heather, you know?
  I just married her because it seemed right,but she's a lifeless cow next to
  you, Sheila, you're wonderful!"  
Simone came out of the back room flanked by a couple more biker types&nbsp; like
  Master Monty. "Well now, you're going to have your weekend of love, Jeremy,
  though it might not be the sort of weekend you anticipated with your intended." Sheila,
  who followed Simone out, bent over laughing. "Can you believe that pathetic
  geek thought that I would fall in love with HIM? My God, Simone, he was so
  pitiful&hellip;that fat little dork. Heather, you should leave Jeremy immediately&hellip;you
  could find more passion with Gary Coleman from "Diff'rent Strokes." Jeremy
  stood still, as if his feet had gone to lead. "Why are you just standing there?" asked
  Master Monty. "Strip, boy! You are going to service your masters and mistresses
  this weekend, son&hellip;and I hope you can learn to suck cock good!" And everyone
  laughed at poor Jeremy!  
Want more? justincbenedict@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





