BDSM Library - Divine Entertainment




Divine Entertainment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sally and her Master re-create an old Greek legend about bdsm, love, devotion... and growing old together.
One evening, Master and Sally were online, and Sally noticed that Master was in
that kind of a strange slightly dejected mood when there is not enough
concentration for role playing, but that something more than a chat, however
sexy, was desired. So with his permission she told him the following story. Of
course, as they went through it, Master was kind enough to embellish little
details which to Sally added immesurably to the plot and what is written here is
the final version, not at all the point from which she started.

We are in ancient times where the main mode of transport was walking, and
travellers would expect to find hospitality in small towns and villages along
the way. The country was in a warm climate, and quite well off so that two men
could certainly walk for days without fear of bandits and robbers and there was
always a plentiful supply of pleasant slave girls (and boys too!) who were
usually better off than free men and women in some other countries one could
name. Twilight is beginning to fall as our two travellers round the crest of a
hill and see below them a long broad valley with olive trees and many houses
clustered round the broad track of dusty road which runs diagonally across and
up the other side.

But, alas, as they descend into the valley, first one dog, then another, and
suddenly a whole horde of ugly snapping mongrels came rushing out barking at
their ankles. The two men made a quick example with their staves as to what
would happen to any other brute that came too near, so the dogs kept a
respectful distance. The inhabitants however turned out to be as surly as their
animals.

Hospitality could be had - at a price. You want a whore for the night as well? A
rather glum looking woman, with big fat sweaty breasts and a light moustache was
summoned, her price astronomical. Food and wine is extra. Everywhere was the
same. The two travellers looked at each other in dismay.

"Ripoff-ville" said one.
"You bet. Did you see how ugly the women were?"
"Dogs were the better option."
"Come on, let's outta here. We can sleep under a rock up on the hill..."
"...and look for something to eat tomorrow. Let's go."

To derisive cries of "faggots", "bum lovers", and "perverts" they mounted the
steep and dusty hill on the other side  of the valley which was already in
shadow as the sun had fallen even more, but as they gained the ridge they saw
two people enjoying each others' company in the last hours of the day.

These were Philemon and his slave Bacis. Philemon was not a rich man, but in his
youth when he was commander of a platoon of the best spear-throwers in the
country he had purchsed Bacis at a slave mart. She had since been with him all
her life. Many years ago, they had dropped all pretence and lived simply as a
man and a woman together, although the good habits Philemon had instilled in
Bacis in their early years stood them in good stead in their decline.

As soon as these two saw the travellers, Bacis rose from her position at
Philemon's feet, and helped her Master up. She stood a pace behind him and to
the side as he adressed the two men, smiling pleasantly at them so they would
not feel alarmed.

"Dear strangers" said Philemon (when you get older you do tend to become a bit
more formal) "howdy. Sorry 'bout the crowd down there. Bad ass all round. We
could hear the dogs barking and kind of hoped you'd get out safely."
"No problemo" said the elder of the two men. "We were just looking to find some
place to stay the night."
"Sure" replied Philemon. "We don't have much, but you're welcome to what we
have. I guess you folks must be tired and in need of a little something before
you hit the sack?"
"Can a swim duck!" replied the younger one, looking at Bacis' breasts (this is
an old language, and I'm trying to translate it as idiomatically as I can so you
get the flavour of what was being said as well as the gist of it).

So they sat around the simple table in Philemon's house. "Hey, Bacis" he snapped
his fingers at her. "Bring some water and wash the feet of these guys, will
you?" He smiled at the men "She's good but sometimes she forgets."
"We highly appreciate the gesture" the elder one said, smiling as he saw Bacis
kneeling at his feet, washing them in the cool water with her gentle hands.
"Road gets kind of dusty at this time of year. Oh my!" - the last as he felt
Bacis give him a soft kiss on his instep as she was drying him and a cheeky
little half grin - "You sure have her well trained, friend!"

When the feet of the guests had been washed, Philemon poured the last of the
wine they had saved up in their copper pitcher, and opened up the bread bin,
found one last piece of bread, broke it in half and set it on the table by the
glasses of wine and a bowl in which there remained a few olives.
"Eat up folks" he said, cheerfully. "I'm afraid we don't go in for very fancy
stuff round here."
Bacis put her hand on his shoulder, slightly regretting that they hadn't eaten
earlier, for in truth, this was all the food and drink they had in the house.
None the less, the habits of obedience and her admiration for her Master and his
ways were stronger than her hunger.

"Are you guys not joining us?" asked the younger traveller, eyeing the very
small amount of olives in the bowl.
"We've eaten... before" said Philemon. "And besides which, you need to keep your
srength up for the travelling you're doing."
"Nonsense!" cried the older man. "Look, at least join us in some of your
excellent wine!" And to the astonishment of the hosts, he poured another two
glasses full and set them for Bacis and Philemon. Bacis noticed that the copper
pitcher looked a lot fuller than it had this morning, and quietly on a strange
suspicion left the table and opened the bread bin and yes, saw half a dozen
loaves, all fresh and crusty.
"Perhaps it'd be nice to be sociable, Master?" she murmured, bringing the loaves
to the table. "Poor Master's eyesight is not as good as it was" she explained to
the guests, and took an olive from the bowl and popped it into his mouth with a
little girlish giggle.

Philemon, who hardly noticed stuff like that simply assumed that his hard
working slave had managed to pull another little miracle and gave her a fond pat
on the bottom.

"We don't have much in the way of entertainment here" he said as they were
finishing the meal, "but if you gentlemen would care, my slave here can relieve
you of some of the sexual frustration you may have built up during the day.  She
gives good head, if I may say so myself, and she's well used to anal sex." The
guests looked at Bacis who had the good grace to blush a little (more for effect
as you will understand - Philemon had trained her to look slightly reluctant
when he whored her out. As he said - nobody likes a slave who is too keen!)

So Bacis uncovered the robes of the older traveller, and saw the most
magnificent erect penis she had seen for many a year (excepting of course her
Master Philemon's, but slaves see things slightly differently in these matters.)
She put her mouth round the gleaming cockhead and with her lips and tongue
applied her considerable skill to satisfy her guest. Meanwhile, the younger,
with a daredevil grin, whipped out his long erect member and, raising the hem of
Bacis' skirt, plunged it deep into her ass. Philemon watched with pride as his
slave serviced the two men expertly. As their sexual excitement grew, they were
harder and harder with her, forcing her head down so she nearly choked, banging
her bottom so her breasts which dangled beneath her shook with the force of the
pounding. The strange thing was, maybe it was the low light or his fading
eyesight, but his slave had not looked as beautiful tonight as she had done for
many a year. Her breasts were firmer, her bottom was plumper, and her waist
seemed to have regained the sweetness it had when he had first seen her as a
young girl of eighteen.

And as for Bacis, she felt the cum of the older man was like honey and it slid
delghtfully down her throat; her bottom felt magnificent, the fucking of the
young man was so tender, no matter how deep he slid inside her bowels.

When they were spent, Bacis carefully wiped them clean and thanked them each for
allowing her to serve them.

"You sure trained this one well" the elder guest said "I notice you have some
nice canes and whips hanging on the wall there. You don't mean to say you still
have to discipline this lovely lady?"
"Oh!" Philemon grinned. "You know what it's like - I still get a kick out of her
submission, and she still gets a kick out of being reminded who's her Master.
It's not as if she ever needs correction, much." Philemon and Bacis exchanged a
little knowing glance and smiling to herself, Bacis got busy with clearing up
the table.
"Would you care to have her company tonight?" he went on. "The large bed will
take the three of you, and she'll keep you nice and snug in the night... and you
know where the canes are!"
"And you sir?"
"Oh, it's a pleasant evening, I'll sleep on the rocking chair out on the porch."

And so it was. The men stripped Bacis, admiring the curves of her body, and took
her into the large bed with them, not forgetting to pick a cane each from the
wall before they finally shut the bedroom door. Their penises seemed to have
regained their vigor, and Bacis was very busy for hours. Philemon heard the
bumps and slaps, and the occasional little squeals and shrieks from his slave as
he dozed, grinning on the rocking chair on the porch, remembering the times when
he could keep that sort of thing up unaided for the whole night. Bacis and her
lovely body... the way she would show her submission and devotion to him... he
dozed off but in the early morning, was woken by the unfamiliar sound of water.

Standing up, he looked to the valley, and to his intense astonishment, saw the
entire valley of the awful neighbours had become a lake.

The two travellers stepped out to greet him, the younger holding a very
satisfied-looking and completely naked Bacis by the upper arm.
"Sure one hell of a slave you got there, friend. Worth top dollar in one of them
fancy whorehouses in the city."
"Mmmm... my colleague is right, and I may say, I've had some good ones, but your
Bacis here is among the very best!"
Philemon frowned a little "That's kind of you to say" (and she did look a lot
younger even in the morning light!) "but would you gentlemen know anything about
what happened over here?" (pointing to the lake.)
"Awww... well, we thought they was soo noisy, they'd be less hassle as fishes."
"Yeah, carps and trouts and stuff."
"Nice to eat, too, my friend. Roasted on hot coals, with a little fresh bread
and some wine..."

At this point Philemon suddenly put two and two together and realised what he'd
been party to. He glanced at Bacis who
actually did blush spontaneously a little, and gave a small nod as she saw
understanding dawn on her Master's face.

"You... must be... deities? Would you care to tell us who you are, so we may
remember your names?"
"Well, friend Philemon. It just so is, I'm Zeus, you know, the guy who holds the
place together. And this here is my side-kick whom you mortals know as Hermes,
messenger of the Gods. Now, you folks have been really kind to us, and in
addition to the pitcher which will always be full of wine, and the bread bin
which will always have fresh bread, not to mention the peace and quiet we've
managed to bring to this neighbourhood... we wondered if you'd have a special
request that you would like to make of us."

Philemon pushed Bacis forward, because he knew she was usually the one who
managed this kind of situation better, besides he was rather overawed by the
whole thing, and she'd had a night of fucking with these two major divinities
and so most probably knew them a lot better than he.

"Well, my Lords" she said, looking at her Master "I think what we would like
most of all is that when we finally die, we die together. Because a slave
without her Master is a sad thing, and a Master without his slave would be hard
to console." Philemon felt good as his slave said that, because as one grows
older, this is one of the things you begin to worry about.

"Your wishes, humble as they be, will happen, dear slave Bacis and dear Master
Philemon. And Philemon?"
"Er... yes my Lord Zeus?"
"Do use that fine equipment you have more often on this beautiful lady here.
Shame to keep a fiddle and not play on it. Well, time for us to go. Thanks for
your hospitality" (at this point Hermes gently pinched the tip of Bacis' nipple
which made them all smile) "and enjoy!"

With that, the two visitors just vanished into thin air.

Bacis and Philemon lived many years after that. Perhaps it was the sun and the
hard work in the olive groves or the long hours they spent sailing in their
little boat on the lake, but Philemon in his old age was a really stunning
figure of a man. And Bacis, his faithful slave kept her figure so that women
half her age who came to visit from time to time would ask her what was her
secret, and she would shyly show them the range of canes and whips which her
Master still used regularly on her. Because as she thought, the reason she was
beautiful was because she was still desired, and that, my friends, makes any
woman very beautiful indeed.

The ending of this story is kind of sweet. One day, some visitors came to pay a
social call on Bacis and Philemon and found nobody at home, but two tall willow
trees had sprung up seemingly overnight between the house and the lake. The wind
ruffled the leaves of the two trees and it sounded as if they were speaking to
each other in the sighing of their branches.

These two trees lasted a long time too. Folk found that there was an interesting
property of a switch or cane that one made from the branches. You see, if a
Master and slave used an implement fashioned from either tree for any length of
time, they would find that the essence of their devotion to each other was
strengthened; that the Master loved and cared for his slave all the more, and
that the slave loved and served her Master to her very best. You can still
sometimes meet Masters and slaves like that today, but I'm sure I don't know
where on earth they get their implements from. That must be Master's little
secret.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michelle Byssom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





