BDSM Library - The Taming of Tara




The Taming of Tara
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tara Gordon, up and coming women's polo player attracts the attention of a young nobleman, who resolves to take her for his own. But this is 21st century England, this sort of thing can't happen...can it? Only in the cellars beneath Deepdene Grange can the answer be found...Chapter One  
Darkness. Darkness and pain. That had been her world for...how long? She
  had lost all sense of time, almost all sense of self. Sensations. The blindfold
  covering her eyes, cutting out all light. Arms crushed together behind her
  back, tight hemp ropes at elbows and wrists, secure enough to keep her arms
  utterly immobilised, but not enough to affect her circulation. He was considerate
  about some things.... A supple leather collar buckled around her neck, with
  a short chain bolted to a ring-bolt in the floor, forcing her to kneel with
  head lowered; her ankles crossed and tied; the maddening discomfort from the
  bristly doormat, biting into her tortured knees; her mouth, crammed with an
  immense penis gag, which almost scraped the back of her throat. He had left
  her here to think about her behaviour, about her lack of obedience.  
His voice made her start; it was deep, rich, but pleasant and soft, which
  somehow made him appear all the more intimidating. There was power behind that
  deceptive tone, and a massive calm and sense of self-knowledge. How long had
  he been standing there, she wondered, watching her with those deep brown eyes. "I
  hope that you now understand the importance of obedience and self-discipline,
  slave?"  
She grunted affirmatively into the gag, so exhausted, so drained, so hurting,
  that she would have agreed to anything at that moment. She shuddered as she
  felt the touch of his hand on her cheek, stroking gently down her face. "I'm
  not convinced."  
She let out a small sob of frustration. he couldn't leave her like this for
  any longer. HE *couldn't*!  
"You still deny who and what you really are. You continue to fight against
  me, against yourself. Until you let your real self free, you will be unhappy
  and in chaos...and you will not have learned anything."  
"I don't need to learn anything. I know who and what I am!" she screamed
  in the privacy of her mind.  
She heard a sigh. "As I thought. We'll continue this chat in a little while." What,
  could he read minds as well???  
She whimpered as his footsteps receded across the flagstone floor, then they
  paused. "Oh by the way...happy birthday."  
She wept then, realising just how long she had been here, and how distant
  was that fateful day, when all this had begun...  
***  
Tara sat in the changing room, inhaling the unique and stimulating perfume
  of leather and polish, barely able to repress her excitement at this, the chance
  of a lifetime! She had long desired to play competitive polo in England, and
  thanks to her scholarship to study marketing at Reading University, she had
  found herself in rural Berkshire, one of the archetypal English shires, home
  of the Hunt, and County Society. To be honest, it had its fair share of sink
  estates, crime and drugs too, but these social malaises were a million miles
  away today. She was at Thurlingham Park, the home of the polo team of the same
  name, and she was in today's starting line-up. The excited babble from the
  other girls as they donned their breeches and shirts washed over her as she
  reflected on her good fortune.  
She could hardly believe it. When she'd become aware through university bulletin
  boards that the team was recruiting new players, and also that there was a
  chance of being sponsored through an IWPA scholarship, she had applied with
  the expectation of an arduous series of try-outs. She hadn't been disappointed
  - the team set high standards and the young Canadian was not an experienced
  player, although, at 5' 7", with a lithe, disciplined body, and firm though
  not excessive muscular tone, she was a natural athlete: volleyball, skating,
  softball, all came as second nature to her, and she was an accomplished equestrienne.
  She was also strong-willed and determined and these traits in particular stood
  her in good stead as she passed try-out sessions, one after the other. Supposedly
  better candidates fell by the wayside as, though they may have been superior
  players, none could match her deep understanding of her mount, an understanding
  that almost appeared to be a symbiosis. It seemed that she merely had to will
  the pony and it would do her bidding. Mark Bridges, the team coach, soon recognised
  her potential - the poise and surety with which she coaxed her mount through
  the intricate manoeuvres, the supple strength of her right arm as she wound
  up her mallet for a shot. He could plainly see he had a burgeoning talent on
  his hands and was quick to sign her up.  
That had been four months ago - Tara had experienced a number of intensive
  training sessions to develop her polo skills to match her horsemanship: swing
  techniques for the four main strokes, the mechanics of hitting, short stick
  practice, polo riding, stick and bail, and the opportunity to experience the
  tactics of team play in mini-games. The strictures of this training had suited
  her down to the ground. It felt good to have her goals and her limits set for
  her after so long having to make her own decisions and motivate herself to
  succeed. There was almost a sense of release&hellip;it felt natural somehow
  to live within such constraints, let someone else do all the worrying apart
  from the most important aspect, which was to perform to the best of her ability.
  She thrived upon it.  
She acquitted herself admirably in a number of reserve matches and was soon
  called into the first team as a regular substitute. Her late entry into a vital
  Zodiac Trophy match had been a revelation, with a wondrous goal that had won
  the match and kept a demoralised team struggling with injuries in the competition.
  As her cheering laughing teammates clustered around her in the saloon bar of
  the local pub afterwards she finally felt the warm sense of acceptance and
  camaraderie she'd been seeking, perhaps all her life.  
And now she was on the verge of her first match in the starting line-up,
  playing in the number 4 position, primarily responsible for defence. She knew
  she was better than that, and would have liked the pivotal number 3 role, but
  that went to the more experienced Dawn Taylor. Still, it was attainable if
  she maintained this level of commitment. And she would...  
She methodically checked her gloves, pulled on her helmet over her short
  reddish-auburn hair, idly thinking it was about time that she got it cut again,
  and tugged on her supple leather boots. She was resplendent in her crimson
  number 4 shirt and regulation white breeches. As she was buckling on her knee-guards,
  Mark appeared at the door. "OK girls, let's get out there and slay them!"  
The team voiced their unanimous approval of this sentiment and trooped out
  to face the enemy.  
***  
Dominic Bartholomew, 4th Duke of Malmsbury, was bored. From his seat at the
  edge of the field he brooded over the proceedings like a raven perched above
  the postern gate at a funeral. He was over 6 feet in height, thin, with dark
  brown, almost black, hair and a thin face, dressed casually in black corduroy
  trousers and an open-necked green shirt. Attendance at these matches was one
  of those tedious obligations &ndash; noblesse oblige &ndash; that were these
  days about the only remaining function of an almost redundant British aristocracy.
  This whole event was as bizarre to him as the chants of the crowds, FA Cup,
  and tribalism of football would be to the huntin', shootin' and fishin' set
  of Berkshire. Although he was the only son of Donald Bartholomew, His Grace
  the Third Duke, he had been raised in Islington, now home of the New Labour
  glitterati, following the acrimonious break-up of his mother's marriage to
  His Grace. It had taken the premature death of his estranged father, in a hunting
  accident, typically enough, and the subsequent resolve of his mother to return
  to the "ancestral seat" over which she was determined to rule like some kind
  of modern-day matriarch, that had brought them both "home".  
For someone who had been raised in the cosmopolitan environment of London,
  where Soho met Docklands met Westminster met Hackney, this transition to the
  stuffy, cloistered and ludicrous snobbery of the remnants of the so-called "upper
  class" of the County was an incredible culture shock. Privately, he knew they
  looked down their noses at him, due to his strong North London accent, his
  mannerisms, and his perfectly understandable difficulty with conforming to
  their feigned standards of etiquette. The major irritant was that fact that
  he was the rightful heir to the title seemed to mean nothing to them. His upbringing
  had labelled him as "not one of us" and that was a handicap he would never
  be able to overcome. It was not even as if he was uneducated. He had gone to
  the Brompton Oratory, where even the Prime Minister's children attended &ndash; he
  had been to Kings College, Cambridge, and graduated with a second in Psychology.
  His IQ was possibly far higher than the entire "set" of inbred mutants that
  now looked down upon him, but it meant for nothing here. He was out of place
  and apparently out of time.  
His one consolation was that the Internet even reached out to this benighted
  place and he could continue to indulge his particular tastes in art, photography
  and literature in his old virtual haunts. It was a spark of normality in this
  new alien environment, and he clutched gratefully at it.  
It had been his mother's idea to introduce him to as many of the local events
  as possible, in order to coat him with a veneer of respectability, something
  which served only to re-establish herself in her former position, though meaningless
  in the reality of 21st century Britain.  
Dominic bore them all stoically, making the obligatory small talk and concentrating
  on using the cutlery laid from outside to inside during the interminable five-course
  meals. He opened fetes and fun-runs, attended the village church every Sunday
  in order to dutifully mouth pieties and mime to dreary hymns. He bore it because
  at night he could retreat to his bedroom, and his computer, and re-enter the
  world that was...his.  
***  
Tara checked the girth-strap was secure. This was an English-type saddle
  with an overgirth in addition to the regular girth to keep it from slipping.
  Her chestnut gelding, whose name was Days of Thunder nickered gently and shot
  an enquiring look back at her. She smiled happily and patted him. She was never
  happier than when she was with him, either riding or grooming, it was all the
  same. He had a beautifully sweet nature and personality, more so than most
  men she had known in her life. She bent down to check his leg bandages were
  also secure, then put her foot in the stirrup and mounted.  
***  
Dominic shifted position in his uncomfortable folding chair and was instantly
  nudged by the Dowager Duchess. He swung a glance in her direction, only to
  see her facing the front, a fixed smile on her face. Dominic had not yet mastered
  the art of feigning polite interest on these occasions, and the look of sullen
  boredom on his own face was obvious. It was then that the two teams trotted
  out onto the field, Thurlingham Park leading, their red shirts a startling
  splash of colour against the green of the trees bordering the field, with their
  rivals, Norton Parva, in royal blue behind.  
Dominic perked up. He hadn't really been paying attention when his mother
  had tried to sell the idea of this event to him, and hadn't realised it was
  a women's match. Things were looking up... he fixed a look of polite interest
  on his face, and settled back to watch...  
Chapter Two  
Light &ndash; blazing light, drilling into her brain. She could feel that
  she was lying on a flat surface and her wrists were in some kind of leather
  cuffs, which were joined together and stretched, painfully taut above her head.
  Her ankles were pulled to the two bottom corners of the table, also encircled
  by soft, but inescapable leather. She was naked, but she had been mostly naked
  since the day she'd become his...since the day he'd taken her. Anytime she
  had been given clothes it had been with the express understanding that they
  were his to give, and could be taken away at his whim. And his every whim was
  her most important rule at any given moment. At any rate, they were not the
  type of clothes she would be seen dead in if she'd had the choice. Ridiculously
  high-heeled strappy sandals, that immediately threw her off balance, although
  the fact that her arms were invariably restrained behind her did not help,
  and slutty lacy underwear that showed everything. This was the extent of her "clothing" which
  he had so magnanimously provided!  
A bull-nose clamp tortured each of her nipples, linked by a chain. Perspiration
  glistened on the smooth porcelain of her skin, as the fierce light beat down.
  Her mouth, now uncomfortably accommodating a large red ballgag, was dry as
  the streets of hell. Yet she shivered. She shivered at the slightest sensation
  from the evil little device buzzing away relentlessly between her legs, as
  it insidiously and unrelentingly aroused her to the point of orgasm, an orgasm
  she dare not allow herself the luxury of. This was another of his lessons.
  Self-discipline, control, the realisation that she owned nothing, not even
  her body. It was not her orgasm to have, it was his gift as and when he chose
  to bestow it. Should she falter and succumb to her own needs, then there would
  be further lessons. He never called it punishment, never thought of it as sadism;
  these were "lessons", or "tasks". Again he'd been "generous", with the distractions
  of light and heat, the pain in her limbs and nipples, constantly forcing her
  attention away from the spiteful little device whirring away inside her.  
His voice again. She had stopped being surprised, as he was usually there
  somewhere, or kept her so distracted by discomfort or arousal that she didn't
  notice him sneaking up on her. Yet she felt he was always there, always watching;
  those calm eyes reading her like a huge colourful picture book, all her emotions,
  thoughts and needs writ large on every page.  
"You've done well, slave. This is the longest you've lasted."  
Her skin shrank beneath his light touch on her stomach. His hand was snatched
  away as if he'd been burned. Secretly in the vaults of her mind, in those areas
  that would forever be free, forever be HER, she exulted. It still hurt him
  when she did this, when she recoiled at his touch.  
His voice, when it came again, was tight, rigidly controlled. She knew she'd
  hit home. "You've still failed to learn some things. You still think of this
  body as yours. That's very...disappointing." His tone was mildly reproachful,
  as if she'd left a light on, or forgotten the milk while shopping, but she
  grew tense. This was like physics, where each act of defiance merited an equal
  and opposite reaction of a further "lesson".  
She gasped into the ever-present gag as she felt the buzzing between her
  legs increase in speed and intensity. Oh my God, oh shit....!  
***  
The sun blazed down on that hot summer afternoon, and the birds sang a joyful
  chorus to the delights of wheeling in that azure sky.  
Closer to ground level, there was an eager buzz of anticipation from the
  medium sized crowd sheltering securely behind the fences ringing the polo field.
  It was a good field, and had been tended well. There had already been three
  minor games played on it that day, and it was barely marked. The ground staff
  at Thurlingham Park prided themselves on their maintenance of this 200 by 300-yard
  rectangle of earth and turf, and their pride was the players' reward.  
Tara took a deep breath of the sharp, clean country air, hoping it might
  somewhat dispel her nerves and slow her heart rate. It singularly failed on
  both accounts. From her superior vantage point she was looking down at the
  spectators, so why did she feel like she was in the centre of the Coliseum,
  with the cruel faces looking down at her, waiting for her to become the main
  course? Pffftttt, just stage-fright, get a grip, girl! As if in the hope that
  the deed would reinforce the thought, she took a firm grip of the reins, and
  joined the rest of her team in lining up in the middle of the field. The opposing
  team did likewise, and there was the usual few minutes of appraising each other
  that happens at these times. Tara sized up Norton's number 1, a tall olive-skinned
  girl, called Hannah Chakravarty. Hannah returned the look coolly, but there
  was a challenge in those deep brown eyes, and one thing Tara loved was a challenge.
  She felt her heart quicken as the umpire rode towards them, ready to throw
  the wooden ball between the two lines and begin the first chukker, or period.  
***  
The Dowager Duchess stole a surreptitious glance at her son, and was pleasantly
  surprised. He was leaning forward in his seat, intently studying the teams
  as they lined up. She did not try to fool herself for one moment into thinking
  that this was anything to do with a newly awakened interest in polo. She knew
  well that he preferred somewhat more common sports. No, she knew where his
  attention was directed, and wondered idly if any of those girls were of sufficient
  breeding to make them marriageable. She would have to make some discreet enquiries
  after the game.  
***  
Battle commenced - the umpire threw in the ball which was instantly flicked
  out of the line up by Norton's number three, Rachel Saunders. She immediately
  followed it up to circle round the pack and with a half shot from the boards
  at the 25-yard line sent the ball whizzing towards the Thurlingham goal. Adrenaline
  surged through Tara with the power of Niagara Falls the minute the ball had
  appeared. All feelings of nervousness were suddenly cast aside as she deftly
  steered Thunder round towards the goal, and was in position to make an almost
  perfect interception. Almost negligently, or so it seemed to those watching,
  she thrust out her mallet. The ball connected with a sharp "THUNK" and the
  force sent a tremor up her arm, but she clutched the handle all the tighter
  as the ball was elegantly deflected away from the goal.  
***  
The game continued. As a practised student of the art of the female form,
  Dominic was glued to the spectacle of eight of them jiggling up and down on
  horseback for his entertainment, however other considerations were beginning
  to impinge upon his mind; that number 4 player for instance. Obviously his
  view was restricted by the distance and she was rather anonymous beneath that
  polo helmet, but Dominic was a born observer, a man who saw beneath the facades
  that most people liked to project. He observed and catalogued examples of body
  language, and its true meaning. He stored mannerisms, expressions and speech
  patterns in that capacious data bank of a mind, and used it to analyse and
  explore those people who interested him. If he could penetrate those shields
  put up by nearly all human beings in their everyday life, he could also read
  certain character traits, even from a distance. His practised powers of observation
  noted that the number 4 radiated dynamism and a certain sense of pent-up aggression.
  He watched spellbound as she rode off Norton's number 2 and it had been as
  though she had barely stopped to consider the consequences of her actions,
  as if she was acting on pure adrenaline, or maybe animal instinct? A certain
  wildness...What would it take to tame such a woman?  
***  
The first two periods were virtually without incident, and more importantly,
  utterly devoid of goals. Tara was obliged to change ponies for the second period,
  as was the rest of the team and found herself riding a fine bay mare called
  Blaze of Glory. Although she was initially uncomfortable with the change, she
  was accomplished enough to take it in her stride. After all, every polo player
  must adapt to different mounts. In many ways, the choice of mount was immaterial;
  what counted was the proficiency of the rider. An exceptional rider could be
  introduced to a pony of any temperament and coax and mould them to their will.
  Tara had ridden Blaze many times before and her empathy with the pony was only
  slightly less than with Thunder.  
***  
"Empathy". The word popped into Dominic's head as he watched the pretty Canadian's
  obvious symbiosis with her mount. Now that was an interesting thought&hellip;he
  had a calling, more than an interest, more than a hobby. He had carried out
  exhaustive research, both theoretical and practical, into the rituals and protocols
  that were necessary in a true D/s relationship, but such was his depth of perception
  that he had moved beyond the superficial and shallow practices of merely "breaking" a
  sub. For sure, these had their place, but in his mind were complementary to
  the main technique of "deconstructing" the slave's personality and examining
  just what exactly it was that made one human being happily or unhappily submit
  to another in the 21st century. Empathy &ndash; the power of identifying one's
  self mentally with (and so fully comprehending) a person or object of contemplation.
  He had always rather liked that definition, especially the inclusion of the
  term "object", as that could equally apply to an owned slave. As he looked
  on, Tara wheeled Blaze around to block a scorching ten-yard shot from Norton's
  number 3. The easy, fluid motions of her arm as she deployed the mallet spoke
  of her top physical condition. Dominic smiled. That too was extremely important
  in a good slave&hellip;Dominic daydreamed on imagining what it would be like
  to have a girl like this under his "tutelage". Or, this girl&hellip;?  
***  
The sun had reached its zenith and waves of heat washed over the perspiring
  crowd, the players and their mounts alike.  
A rebound from the side boards, upon which Norton's number 2 ably capitalised,
  put Norton into a shock lead at the beginning of the third period, Tara, who
  had left her unmarked as she closed down the number 1, was left dazed. She
  blinked as she wheeled Thunder around just in time to see the ball zip between
  the posts of the goal *she* was supposed to be defending! Shit! Norton's player
  had moved so fast, she had barely had the chance to react. She had let them
  all down, the whole team. How could she have been so stupid??? She perceived
  the disappointed looks on the faces of her team-mates as a personal rebuke.
  She had let them down, and she had failed.  
She seethed silently in the next line-up, waiting for the ball to be thrown
  in, her anger boiling up inside her as she regarded the smug faces of the Norton
  team opposite. Bitches! They would not be gloating for long!  
Dominic had studied the woman's reaction to the goal as best he could from
  fifteen yards away, yet with intense interest. Now, this was something&hellip;small
  but noticeable changes in body language &ndash; the way she hunched over her
  reins - eyes downcast in an attitude of&hellip;what? Sorrow? No&hellip;abjection?
  Not quite&hellip;then it struck him&hellip;apology. She had failed to perform
  well and was unconsciously apologising to her team, Whilst it was undoubtedly
  true that anyone in that position might behave in the same manner, Dominic
  was confident that his appraisal was correct. He wondered if there would be
  any chance to meet her after the match&hellip;  
Chapter Three  
"Conjugation," he had announced quietly, tapping the blackboard with the
  junior rattan cane, which gleamed in the dim light. "First person?"  
"This slave," she replied dully, too exhausted to fight anymore at the moment.
  Barely ten seconds passed before the cane swished through the air and scorched
  across her alabaster backside. She screeched in pain.  
"Wrong, the first person as far as you are concerned is "Master", is me.
  You've still got so much to learn."  
"No shit," she thought mutinously, her butt stinging like crazy.  
"Second person."  
"This slave?"  
*SWISH-CRACK* her bottom-cheeks quivered with the impact of the second blow,
  and she choked back a scream as the pain coursed through her backside.  
"Second person?"  
She ground out the words like an oath. "Th-there is only one person. One
  Master. You&hellip;Master." The final word somehow forced its way past her
  clenched teeth, but the tone was flat and utterly without sincerity.  
"Much better, slave." Inwardly, he sighed - it was as if he was fighting
  a losing battle, with all his theory and previous practice worthless. Of course
  those he'd trained in the past had been willing, had wanted nothing else but
  to be his, but therein lay the problem. Once a slave was fully compliant and
  he'd always discarded them, knowing that the training was the only worthwhile
  challenge. He'd had his pick of beautiful submissive women, but none with the "spark" he
  sought. Until now&hellip;but her rage, her obstinacy, was undiminished, even
  with the passage of time. She was the challenge he had been seeking, but was
  proving to be more difficult than all the others put together. In the dead
  of night, he'd lain awake wondering if it was time he reviewed his methods,
  but deep down he knew they were right. He was not sadistic, he didn't unnecessarily
  humiliate or bully. Patience was always the best way, and he knew that he had
  to take this slowly and carefully.  
At that precise moment they were having to repeat her first ever lesson all
  over again.  
***  
She had failed to thank him when he had removed her gag the previous evening
  and he had, almost regretfully it seemed, announced that yet again, he would
  be forced to refresh her memory on basic grammar. As a further aid to recall,
  she had spent the night in a tight hog-tie, soft cotton ropes keeping her arms
  twisted painfully behind her and her ankles joined to her wrists. Her gag had
  replaced by a circular, rubber-coated ring of metal, which wedged her mouth
  wide open, leaving her drooling impotently. Her bed had been the cold flagged
  floor of her cell, which had grown harder and more uncomfortable throughout
  that long sleepless night. "Perhaps this will assist in encouraging you to
  think in future." he had said gravely and he had left her in discomfort and
  humiliation.  
***  
And so to today: another repeated lesson in the dark, cold "schoolroom".
  By the feel of the stale damp air and the dim utility lighting, this was as
  much as part of the cellar as was her own cell. Her inability to tell for sure
  was due to the fact that she was always blindfolded when moved between rooms,
  a practice designed to increase her uncertainty and disorientation. She was
  guided up or down flights of stairs several times a day, sometimes into warmer,
  better-lit areas, other times, into dark dinghy holes like this. She loathed
  the "schoolroom" most of all.  
Of course, her entire existence since she had been captured had been one
  long "lesson", but here took place what he liked to think of as the intensive
  sessions, where her mind was tested as well as her body. Day after day he battered
  away at her reserves of self-determination, individuality and ego. She fought
  back as much as she could, but was beginning to fear that she was losing herself.
  Not that he was particularly brutal or abusive. On the contrary, he spoke in
  that damned deep, but quiet, voice as ever, never losing his cool, rarely changing
  his expression. If anything the only emotion he ever displayed was sorrow.
  A "sadness" that she was so slow to learn, so quick to lapse into bad habits.
  And, what was worse, he then repeated whichever lesson it was that she had
  so obviously not learned, again and again and again if necessary.  
Both were stubborn in their own way. She, determined not to break, calculatingly
  letting slip the odd error or act of defiance, just in order to prove she was
  still Tara, still her own person. He, with that maddening calm, just going
  over and over the lessons, with the result that she had never gotten past Lesson
  7 "Proper Attitudes of Submission", before he took her all the way back to
  Lesson 1 "Punctuation and Grammar".  
She shivered beneath her thin clothes in the depressing damp room, bare save
  for the school desk and chair, the old-fashioned easel-mounted blackboard,
  and the impressive collection of rattan canes, neatly arranged in their rack
  along one wall.  
She was kneeling, as usual, on the chair, which had been turned around so
  that its back abutted the front of the old-fashioned sloping school desk with
  its twin inkwells. The seat, also of rattan, interestingly enough, dug painfully
  into her knees, and she shifted as best she could to redistribute the pressure,
  however her movements were severely limited by the leather cuffs buckled around
  each ankle. These were connected by a D ring to a short length of close-linked
  steel chain, which terminated in a steel cuff. Each cuff was looped around
  the front chair leg and ratcheted tight. Her upper body was pulled down over
  the desk and secured in a prone position by a wide leather strap that ran around
  her waist, and was also buckled around the desk legs. As a final touch, and
  a permanent reminder from Lesson 7, her ever-present leather collar was attached
  to another chain, and this was padlocked to a ring-bolt set in the dead centre
  of the back section of the desk, exactly halfway between the twin inkwells.
  This kept her head forcibly lowered, facing the flagstone floor, upon which
  was stencilled in stark white lettering, the single word "OBEY".  
Her "uniform" was a travesty of an outfit, but slightly more than she usually
  got to wear. A plain white school blouse, although with the buttons removed,
  and knotted just below her firm breasts, allowing them to hang freely, with
  one succulent brown nipple peeping out from the gap in the blouse; a grey pleated
  skirt, but the protection and modesty afforded by this garment was somewhat
  counteracted by the fact that it was always worn pinned up at the back, exposing
  her smooth round bottom, both to his visual attention and that of the canes,
  as necessary. Naturally, she had not been allowed the luxury of panties. Her
  hair was tied into two bunches with pink ribbons for an adorably cute look
  that she absolutely detested. The finishing touch was the lacy white ankle
  socks and the black patent leather Mary Jane school shoes, although these had
  five inch-heels, and she HATED heels! It was the closest she ever came to being
  fully dressed again, but upon reflection she felt she would rather be naked
  than humiliated like this.  
The sharp edges of the desk bit into her waist, and her neck ached from the
  position into which it had been forced. Her knees were sore from kneeling on
  the hard chair day after day, and then, of course, there were the sensations
  from the vibrator thrust deep into her throbbing pussy. He seemed to enjoy
  doing this to her, even though that deep patient voice had spoken only of self-discipline
  and concentration. Should she dare to orgasm, he had explained, then he would
  recognise that she had failed to concentrate on her lesson and she would be
  disciplined accordingly.  
The discipline&hellip;those canes lined up like weapons in an arsenal! She
  had felt each one, from most junior to senior, depending on the severity of
  her error, or the depth of her inattention. Not that he ever used them to excess.
  He never did anything to excess. No, the canes were used only when he deemed
  absolutely necessary and only in accordance with the tariff of punishments
  he had drummed into her during lesson 2. He had thought it best not to reveal
  yet that the tariff was subject to amendment at any time and without notice,
  but he had played fair. So far&hellip;  
He moved on to the next part of the lesson. "What is the correct form of
  address to your Master?"  
"Duh..'Master'?" she muttered. The tingling warmth in her butt was only slightly
  diminished and she was unable to hold back the sarcasm.  
This time she did not fight the scream as agony flooded her rear end. She
  bucked against her restraints, driving the fiendish little vibrator deeper
  inside her and, despite the pain, the humiliation, and the rage, could not
  longer hold herself back. The orgasm flowered within her, flowing through her
  very core, her cries of pain mingled with passion, straining against metal
  and leather until she was spent. Even as she panted with the exertion, she
  glared at the floor, thankful that she had to keep her eyes lowered, so that
  he could not have the satisfaction of seeing the tears of shame gathering in
  them nor the hatred reflected there for what he was turning her into.  
Chapter Four  
The third period saw an intense burst of activity. Norton, whilst naturally
  seeking to put the match beyond Thurlingham's reach with at least another goal,
  were forced onto the defensive by a home team frantically needing to even the
  scores. The front three players hurled themselves forward at different stages
  and Tara began to relax into the flow of the game, determined now not to allow
  her earlier error to throw her game, as that would only lead to further losses.  
***  
Dominic had little knowledge or appreciation of the sport, although he admitted
  that it was slightly less coma inducing than cricket, but he could still appreciate
  the Norton team's tactics. Norton knew that Norton were the better team, on
  paper at least, therefore they had looked for an early lead, then closed ranks
  in a defensive posture to maintain it, shutting Thurlingham out whilst looking
  for any opportunity to put themselves even further ahead. Their attack would
  be seeking to exploit what they now perceived as the weakest link on the defence
  - Tara. Dominic smiled slightly. The fascination the game now held for him
  was very much linked to the reaction of a specific personality type under pressure.
  Tara had let the opposition score and that failure had rattled her. The Dominant
  type of personality would now be expected to buckle down, be patient, calm
  and alert, guarding the goal with increased care and caution.  
The submissive personality was a different matter though. One type may become
  increasingly nervous, dwell upon the error and in doing so set themselves up
  to repeat it. The other may see the fact that their team-mates were now on
  the counter-attack and that theirs was essentially now a waiting game as a
  temptation to try and atone for their mistake. They would over-compensate and
  may in fact fail by doing so, either by committing a foul or even, wound tight
  by guilt and impatience try to go for goal themselves, leaving their own goal
  unguarded, and vulnerable should their attack go wrong. Of course, things weren't
  always so black and white: there were many other permutations of behaviour.
  He decided to put on a little mental bet with himself as to which course of
  action she would take &ndash; there, choice made. Now, who said polo was dull?  
***  
Tara would certainly have agreed with that assessment; although still unnerved
  by the early goal, she was not about to go to pieces as yet, thanks very much!
  Norton's number 1, Hannah Chakravarty, was making her somewhat nervous though.
  The Asian girl was riding backwards and forwards at the halfway line, waiting
  for her team to get a break. At present there was an untidy scrap going on
  in front of the Norton goal, the ball almost lost in the melee of flying mallets
  and trampling hooves. The game was starting to become ill-tempered, and if
  the umpire had been able to make out some of the shots for which those mallets
  had been used there would undoubtedly have been a penalty handed out by now.
  As it was he looked about ready to wade in and call a time-out. But, ultimately,
  the scrap was merely sound and fury, signifying nothing, with little chance
  of either team gaining an advantage.  
In her position in front of her own goal, Tara chafed visibly. She was dying
  to pile in and assist her team-mates, but had just enough self-discipline to
  stay where she was for the moment.  
And this was a fortunate decision as seconds later the ball was flicked out
  of the scrum by an anonymous hoof and rolled sedately along the smoothly shaven
  turf, largely unnoticed by the majority of both teams, except for one person &ndash; Tara.  
Tara was in an agony of indecision &ndash; try for the ball or stay in defence?
  She knew what the right decision was, but then saw that Chakravarty had not
  yet noticed the ball, and could no longer contain herself. With her heart suddenly
  pumping fit to burst and every part of her body afire with adrenaline she spurred
  her third mount, Storm Chaser, into action. She hadn't ridden him often before,
  so the level of trust shared with Glory and Thunder wasn't yet there, but he
  was steady and calm, and quick to respond. The dark gelding, perhaps picking
  up his rider's urgency, eagerly sped into a gallop.  
Hannah Chakravarty heard the beat of hooves behind her, and was alerted to
  the sudden danger. Her head swung from side to side as she sought to locate
  the ball, knowing that that was the only thing that would induce a number 4
  to leave the goal area at a time like this. Then she noticed the small plastic
  ball, rolling gently to a halt not five yards away and also noted her team-mates
  and three-quarters of Thurlingham breaking away from their rather enjoyable
  rumble, and starting to focus on the whereabouts of the ball.  
***  
Dominic watched Tara's mad dash for the ball and smiled. "I win," he murmured.  
***  
Norton's number 4, Julia Gardner, peeled back towards her own goal, while
  Rachel Saunders, the number 3, and Sarah Steele, the number 2, made a dual
  dash for the ball, as did Hannah Chakravarty with Tara now hot on her heels.
  Thurlingham's first three were left trailing and confused, as the play started
  back towards their own end. Tara was moving into position, deftly steering
  her steed in for an interception, when it suddenly became clear to her that
  this was three against one, and not only that, she was the only one in anything
  like a defensive position. She had blundered, leaving the goal unprotected.  
Shit!  
Ignoring the ball she swerved round and galloped back to her position.  
***  
"Damn," Dominic muttered to himself and leant back in his chair once more.
  Oh well, the game wasn't over yet. Plenty of time left to prove his evaluation.  
***  
As she pulled up in front of the goal, Tara was relieved to see her team
  hurrying back to assist her, even as Norton had seized the ball and were making
  another attack. She moved forward a few steps, but not enough to leave the
  goal wide open.  
***  
The tattoo of hoof beats rose up and was stifled in the humid Berkshire air
  as six players chased that 3 &frac12; inch plastic ball as if their lives depended
  on it, carefully tended divots of turf hurled up in their wake. Chakravarty
  knocked the ball on to Steele narrowly avoiding an interception by Thurlingham's
  number two, Catherine Johnson. Steele bore down on the Thurlingham goal, where
  Tara stood ready and alert, watching like a hawk for any feint or attempt to
  pass, or a dummy run from another of the team.  
Then it happened. A fierce drumming of hooves and Saunders galloped up from
  the left, obviously as part of some pre-arranged tactic, deftly evading Thurlingham's
  number 3, Dawn Taylor, who was caught out whilst marking Steele.  
The flicker of movement registered in the corner of Tara's right eye, and
  at the same time she noticed the Norton number 2 almost imperceptibly changing
  position. It looked like she was turning for a neck shot, evidently to pass
  to the poaching Saunders. Tara read all of this in the space of a second and
  knew exactly what she had to do.  
She pulled Storm Chaser around and backed off to the goal, as Steele sent
  the ball rocketing to her team-mate. Saunders' eyes widened as she saw that
  Tara had anticipated their stratagem, but was now committed. There was little
  hope in her heart as she automatically made her shot. Wheeling her horse round,
  she suddenly noticed that two of her team-mates were now in the Thurlingham
  half with her. They were ready to offer back-up if need be, but in their eagerness
  to score again, they had left their own number 4 at the mercy of Thurlingham's
  1 and 2 who, the instant they saw Tara moving in to defend the goal, had gambled
  and made two separate charging runs up the left and right sides of the field.  
The ball skimmed over the grass as if borne on a cushion of air, however
  its trajectory was slowly taking it up in an arc, and Tara knew that she was
  going to have to knock it out of mid-air. That baseball practice last summer
  was about to come in very handy...She carefully judged her angle and let rip
  with a thundering deflection. The ball cracked satisfyingly off the mallet,
  curved elegantly past the rival team and slid neatly past Taylor, who casually
  knocked it on to Johnson who was speeding goal-wards.  
Tara drew in a deep draught of air. This habit of forgetting to breathe on
  tense occasions was pretty inconvenient sometimes!  
The Norton players suddenly realised that the fairly routine blocked shot
  had been converted to a precision pass that had their own goal looking terribly
  vulnerable  
The ball and Johnson's mallet came together as if magnetically attracted
  and after a further two short knocks, she fired it straight between the legs
  of the Norton number 4's pony and into the net like a cannonball.  
***  
There was a polite cheer and smattering of applause from the Thurlingham
  supporters, almost immediately followed by the clang of the bell, signifying
  the end of the third period, with the score at 1-1.  
Exultation swelled up in Tara until she thought she would burst. She stood
  up in her stirrups and whooped with delight, her mallet swinging joyously in
  an arc. Her earlier error had been erased by this, her assistance, in what
  had turned into a glorious equaliser. She now felt a whole lot better, and
  knew they could pull this back their way! Things were looking up!  
***  
So, she didn't buckle under pressure and eventually learned from her mistakes.
  Dominic grinned inwardly. Perfect material. If only&hellip;  
Chapter Five  
It wasn't easy being a Master&hellip;Dominic was relaxing in his room, surfing
  some of the more "interesting" websites in his favourites list. A cup of tea
  sat congealing and untouched on the tray by his side in contrast to the nearly
  empty can of Red Bull next to it. Old habits died hard, despite the efforts
  of the staff ("never call them 'servants' dear, not these days!"). There were
  frequent sighs of exasperation in the kitchen when the tray was returned untouched,
  but still they persisted. Duke and all he might be, but it was the staff who
  knew best, always had been, always would be&hellip;  
Dominic's mind was not fixed upon the endless parade of submission and bondage
  glaring brightly from his monitor, though - he had his slave, a feisty brat
  of a slave, but a slave nevertheless. Over the past months he had taught her,
  given her discipline as required, and restrained her in every imaginable position,
  plus a few new ones he'd developed for the occasion, but still, despite a veneer
  of submission, she seemed as unbroken as ever.  
Not that he actually wanted to "break" her. There were many so-called Doms
  that would do so, leaving cowering, beaten violated pieces of flesh behind,
  barely human, who trembled at a look and flinched at a touch. That was barbarity,
  not submission. He wanted to persuade this fiery obstinate young woman to submit
  of her own free will.  
His lessons had been strict, but not harsh. She had maintained her excellent
  physical shape by utilising the specially modified gym equipment he had provided.
  The exercise bike with the dildo for a saddle had been his favourite. It was
  the way she was forced to stand while she pedalled, firming up her muscles
  even as they screamed for rest. Even as she did so, she knew that that much
  sought-after rest, settling back on the thick rubber prong, would merely increase
  her chances of orgasm without permission, thereby leading to yet another "lesson".
  She had stayed limber due to the many inventive positions in which she had
  been restrained. She was fed, washed and looked after, but of course he knew
  that wouldn't be enough.  
He had her body entirely at his mercy but had not abused that position, had
  not violated her himself. But her mind&hellip;her mind was her own. She resisted
  all his attempts to probe it, to pick apart the complex threads of personality
  and experience that moulded her individuality. Rectifying this, intensifying
  her training in these areas, was a task that he'd been putting off. He didn't
  want a brainwashed vegetable or psychological trauma case on his hands, and
  he seemed to have little enough time for her as it was, what with his own mother's
  social pretensions on his behalf taking up more and more of his free hours.
  But, somehow&hellip;somehow, he had to find a chink in that impenetrable wall
  she erected in her mind, a way to pry apart the close fitting mental blocks.  
There was one spark of hope though - it seemed to him that she had recently
  begun to tire of all these daily acts of rebellion. Not that he believed for
  one minute that it was to do with any great desire to suddenly submit to him.
  No, it was more that she had hardened herself and decided the easiest thing
  to do was to get through each day as quickly and painlessly as possible. The
  only thing that bothered him was - why? All she had to look forward to was
  a night restrained in her bed and then another day of exactly the same routine.
  Rebellion may have been unacceptable, however what she was now showing was&hellip;tolerance.
  She was tolerating all his attentions, in a manner that suggested that she
  had something else to look forward to, but he knew that to be impossible. He
  frowned - what was it? What was she thinking when she answered his questions
  and obeyed his commands on automatic pilot. What was she keeping from him?
  He meant to find out, and today had taken steps to do so.  
***  
Tara lay on her bed, staring at the whitewashed wall of her cell. The room
  had once been a cold store at the far end of the cellars and in many ways she
  felt that she had been put into cold storage herself. So many months had she
  been here that she had almost lost track of time until her birthday a few weeks
  back. So it was now early May, almost eight months since her capture, since
  that fateful match where he had first fixed his attention on her.  
Each day since then had been its own kind of hell - stripped, chained, gagged
  and humiliated 24/7. Her thoughts frequently turned to her family, to her parents.
  What must they be thinking, be feeling now, knowing their daughter had vanished
  off the face of the earth? And the University? Her sudden departure must have
  caused some concern, although he had informed her that he had taken care of
  that little detail. She hated him all the more for the smug, casual way in
  which he'd let this little snippet of information slip, as if he controlled
  her whole life, even her life before her capture. She had no way of knowing
  whether or not he was telling the truth, but there was no way she could check,
  so stringent were her boundaries.  
Her days were now controlled and governed by that deep quiet voice, the frightening
  array of restraints and the punishments that emerged from deep within that
  labyrinthine mind. This man, this infuriating calm, persistent bastard, who
  never tired of his lessons, his discipline.  
Even now in the confines of a supposedly secure room, she was unable to move
  more than a few inches in any direction. She had been restrained on her back,
  her wrists encircled with soft sheepskin-lined institutional cuffs, which were
  chained to the tubular steel headboard of the bed. Her ankles were similarly
  confined. She was covered by a blanket, but was otherwise completely naked.
  Thankfully he had installed some heating or she would have been able to add
  hypothermia to her worries. In deference to the fact that this was a rest period
  her gag was a simple three inch wide strip of duct tape sealing her lips closed,
  more of a reminder that her voice was also his to give. He hadn't wanted a
  choked slave on his hands so her mouth was empty, but the tape clung tackily
  to her skin and pressed her soft lips tightly together.  
The final touches to her night attire were a butt plug that was firmly nestled
  between her bottom cheeks and a hard plastic dildo strapped deeply inside her
  pussy. These too were a reminder - that all her orifices belonged to him. They
  were uncomfortable but not desperately so, however they were his instruments,
  the symbols of her captivity, of her loss of freedom and loss of choice. The
  less than strict bondage was bothering her even more tonight and, exhausted
  though she was after a hard afternoon on the exercise dick, or rather bike,
  she couldn't sleep.  
Her mind was whirling. She was increasingly afraid that she would be worn
  down, willing to do whatever he wanted if he would just let up, but she knew
  this wouldn't be enough for him. She had to submit herself freely and truthfully,
  not just for the sake of an easy life. She wondered if she could do that, to
  sacrifice the cornerstone of her turbulent life, her very being, to become
  his slave?  
But there was more to her anxiety than that thought: although he had stimulated
  and mildly tortured both her anus and pussy over the past months he had not
  had raped her even though she was at his mercy. For that courtesy, she accorded
  him a grudging respect, but that made the thing that had recently been so unsettling
  even harder to accept - that she was so incredibly aroused. Despite her best
  efforts, part of his training was beginning to seep through hairline cracks
  in her mental block. Unwilling though she was to admit it, her constant state
  of restraint stimulated her like nothing else ever had before. It had occurred
  to her to wonder what kind of slut she was becoming and she hated herself for
  succumbing to her baser instincts this way, but was finding it harder and harder
  to resist. Her body was calling her mind a liar and she was desperately uncomfortable
  with this concept.  
Strapped down and caned or spanked, screaming into a ball-gag as her ass
  blazed crimson; she had found herself becoming wet on several occasions, and
  a strangely detached, almost euphoric feeling in the aftermath. Tugging futilely
  at ropes and cuffs, straining against shackles, flexing her arms inside the
  warm embrace of a single-glove, or the feel of leather strapped tightly around
  wrists and ankles, the solid weight of a gag in her mouth, her ass and pussy
  filled, they made her senses jangle and her body explode into life. Except,
  it wasn't for her benefit, it was for his, and that was the one thing she abhorred.  
And so, her determination had grown. He was not going to reap the reward
  of seeing her slowly but surely yielding to her desires. She had been denied
  her life, her freedom and her self-respect, so she was going to deny him his
  satisfaction. It was tough but she would endure, like she always did, and she
  would win!  
So now, like many nights recently, when he left her alone, when she had some,
  albeit minimal, measure of control, she was testing her limits again. These
  stolen moments of self-absorption were now the primary focus of her day, where
  she dealt with her primal feelings on her own terms, and in doing so, gave
  herself that much more strength to endure the following day.  
She tugged fitfully at her bonds, her wrists twisting in their fur-lined
  restraints, moaning quietly into the tape gag and deriving a tingling thrill
  from the soft "mmpphh" sounds. Almost automatically, she began to gyrate her
  hips, wiggling and grinding and forcing the inanimate lump of plastic deeper
  inside her, to slide gently against the slick walls of her vagina and brush
  tantalisingly against her engorged clitoris. Her hardened nipples rubbed against
  the coarse blanket, sending a jolt of pleasure through to her brain and causing
  gooseflesh to erupt at the slither of wool against her silky skin. There would
  be trouble for this, this wilful enjoyment of her own body, if he found out,
  but the - thankfully dark - sheet was usually dry by morning, and this was
  one act he possibly never even suspected her to be capable of.  
Waves of pleasure surged through her body, and she revelled in them, moaning
  louder and with more urgency. She shifted and settled the butt plug in even
  deeper, and felt the dildo snuggling into her pussy, both intruders inflaming
  her senses. She pulled back again and forward, building up a steady and insistent
  rhythm, lubricating the dildo with her own streaming fluids, the huge phallus
  teasing and tormenting her with its penetration until she was a-buzz with desire.
  Her breathing had grown heavier and more ragged and air was forced from her
  nostrils in lieu of her tightly sealed lips.  
The chafing of her ankles against their cuffs, the fur lining tickling and
  titillating her prickling skin even as their snug grip prevented her from bringing
  up her knees only served to inflame her further. Her heart pounded against
  her chest as if desperate to escape, and her mind was emptied of all but the
  hot red flames of need, the conglomeration of all the glorious wonderful sensations
  rampaging throughout her body. Her chest heaved; her breasts swelling against
  the blanket as she tried to manoeuvre the dildo in as deeply as she could,
  to cause the maximum friction. She was lost in herself now. This was her moment,
  not his, her orgasm, not his. HER body NOT his. She was going to enjoy every
  last drop, every iota of feeling.  
Perspiration bedewed her forehead and her wiggling body as she groaned and
  moaned and stimulated herself into a frenzy. The climax, when it came, was
  like none she'd ever experienced before. It virtually tore her body apart with
  a steady and increasing series of shockwaves. White hot lines of pure pleasure
  radiated out from her pussy and seeped through every nerve in her body. The
  rush of endorphins to her brain had her weeping with happiness and fulfilment,
  as she bucked and squirmed, pulling at the restraints and screaming into the
  tape gag, which gave way under the pressure and peeled away from her face as
  her lips were forced apart. Her cries rent the still, warm air of the tiny
  room, as every muscle grew taut and her mind screamed with ecstasy.  
The little red light in the corner of the room blinked steadily as the iris
  of the lens beneath contracted and focussed on the writhing figure on the bed,
  watching with unfeeling detachment as Tara flopped back onto the mattress,
  totally spent.  
Chapter Six 
The teams trotted off the field for another change of mount and a much needed
  drink. Dominic, too, rose from his seat and murmured a be back in a sec, to
  the Dowager Duchess who looked mildly scandalised at this apparent show of
  disinterest, even though many others in the crowd were doing exactly the same.
  She found it necessary to sit through anything and everything for as long as
  it took, very much like she imagined the Queen had to do. It was just as well
  that she had a bladder of cast iron really. 
Dominic walked unhurriedly away from the edge of the field and up to the club's
  pavilion. It was a standard clapboard building, smothered in glossy green paint
  that, although fairly recent, contrived to give it a dilapidated air, something
  much beloved by the English. He ascended the three wooden steps to the porch,
  and passed through the half-glassed door to the small cream-painted panelled
  entrance lobby, which smelled slightly of must and old polish. To one side
  was an oak-framed glass display case, agleam with silverware from the club's
  past exploits on the field. Next to this was a green panelled door bearing
  a shining brass sign marked Office. To the right the door to the kitchens,
  and straight ahead the entrance to the teams' changing rooms. Dominic looked
  thoughtfully at this door for about thirty seconds then walked purposefully
  towards it. 
Excuse me, sir? A thin, birdlike elderly gentleman, with a beaky nose and
  stringy white hair dangling limply from the back of his head, but smartly attired
  in blazer, striped club tie and sharply pressed grey slacks, had just emerged
  from the office. His watery blue eyes were slightly narrowed behind his rimless
  spectacles but his voice was just hovering on the fine line between polite
  and haughty. 
Dominic turned and looked at him. That sir was a bit too disdainful in his
  opinion 
May I help you at all? Still the same air of forced politeness, but with
  an unpleasant edge, like Dominic was obviously up to something. 
Dominic smiled inwardly. Dirty old bastard, he thought, knowing the old
  fool had leaped to completely the wrong conclusion, that Dominic was heading
  for the changing rooms, and by doing so was just projecting his own lecherous
  ideas onto the visitor. No thanks, he replied mildly. I'm just looking at
  the bulletin boards. he nodded towards the cork-board screwed to the wall
  next to he changing room door. Unless you want to read it for me? Then he
  grinned wolfishly, not being able to resist. Ohhhh, you thought I was heading
  for the changing room? 
The old man's face coloured, and Dominic knew he'd hit home. You're from
  London . It was a statement, with disapproval obvious in the reedy old voice.
  Disapproval which translated, not just from London , but a particularly seedy
  London housing estate. 
Dominic sighed, he had heard this tone a lot in this stuffy social climate,
  and was beginning to get a bit sick of it. He knew from painful experience
  that his acquired accent was easy to dissect and pigeonhole by those from the
  Home Counties. Any trace of roughness in the voice was instantly equated to
  some Cockney low-life. Though there were differences between East and North
  London accents, most people couldn't tell them apart. I'm the 4th Duke of
  Malmsbury, he replied, ice in his voice, and was gratified to watch the old
  bloke shrink by several inches, obviously reducing his height to match his
  social station. 
I do beg your pardon, Your Grace, he muttered, and retreated back into his
  office again. 
Feeling somewhat cheered by the encounter, Dominic approached the notice board
  and skimmed over future fixtures, fund-raising pleas and a neatly-written white
  card offering Persian kittens for sale until he found what he was looking for,
  the team roster for today's match. There, number 4 - Tara Gordon. Now, he had
  her name, maybe he could just find out a little more about her, and thenwell,
  one step at a time 
*** 
Tara mopped her flushed face and swigged down most of a litre bottle of water
  in one go. It was freakin' HOT out there! Not as bad as summers at home, but
  a slow baking heat, with more humidity than she was used to. There wasn't much
  time in the intervals but time enough to attempt to cool down. The other girls
  were discussing tactics with Mark, their manager. He was trying to bring a
  touch of reality to their understandable excitement. 
So, fine, you pulled one back, but let's not get over-excited, my little
  treasures. 
Catherine Johnson told him to fuck off like the well-educated young lady she
  was and landed a punch on his arm. He grinned. He just loved winding them up
  like that. Seriously though, they don't have the same kind of skill as you
  lot do, and so they are going to try and sneak something, like they did before. he
  glanced over at Tara . Don't let it bother you, love, you learned from it,
  that's the main thing.  
Tara smiled gratefully at him. The girls had been a little patronising about
  her error, and she had wondered if she was going to get chewed out or not.
  Mark tended to get a little excitable about these things 
His answering smile faded as he went on. But, that little push forward you
  started to make later on could have cocked up the whole thing. Whenever the
  rest of the team is in the other half, I need your arse riveted to that goal,
  understand? 
She nodded, her mood evaporating. She could see from the looks on the other
  girls' faces that they were still to be convinced of her usefulness to the
  team. That rankled, and she knew she had a lot of work to do to regain their
  confidence, more apparently than a good save and assist such as she had pulled
  off in the last period. She sometimes wondered if it was the fact that she
  was a) foreign and b) not one of the set, that distanced the others from
  her. There was little time to worry about it though, as it was time to head
  out for the fourth period. She strapped her helmet back on and, stretching
  her legs a bit to ease out the cramp from sitting in one position too long,
  she followed the others out. 
As they crunched down the gravel path back to the stable area, they passed
  the front of the pavilion. There was a man standing there, who looked like
  he had just exited the building himself. Tara glanced casually at him as she
  passed, however, just as she was about to let her attention slide away from
  him, she realised that his gaze had locked on to hers, as if he knew she would
  look at him and had been waiting to make eye contact. She gave him a polite
  smile, but he did not return it. His face was impassive, but the eyes seemed
  to be attempting to scan her soul With difficulty, she tore her own gaze away
  from him and went on her way, shrugging inwardly. Maybe she had an admirer,
  and a pretty good-looking one tooand then her mind returned to the more important
  matter of the next period. 
*** 
He smiled. She was even more beautiful close up, and her smile was the most
  dazzling thing to light up his life for a very long time. It appeared that
  she'd been rather struck herself, at least for a moment, however if he was
  in any way right about her, she would be careful not to show too much interest,
  to feign indifference. Some people used that as a shield for their true feelings
  - he wondered if she was one of them. 
*** 
Once again the ball was thrown between the two ranks of women on horseback,
  and the fourth period commenced. Tara was delighted to be reunited with Days
  of Thunder, and the pony seemed to pick up that emotion, for he was even more
  good-natured and responsive than ever. And how he needed to be! 
Norton broke away immediately and Hannah Chakravarty seized upon the ball,
  making a quick shot to goal. To the huge relief of Thurlingham, it went wide,
  leaving Tara to bring the ball back in play, and knock it back out of the danger
  zone with a neat nearside forehand shot. For an intense five minute period
  the ball was pushed from one side of the ground to the other, finally going
  out of play within 30 yards of Norton's goal. 
As the umpire threw in the ball once again, it was flicked out of the line-up
  by Saunders of the Norton team, who followed it up to circle round the pack.
  Then, with a half shot from the boards at the 25-yard line she claimed another
  goal before ten seconds had registered on the clock. Tara had not been in any
  way to blame for this, and like her team-mates had been left standing by the
  speed and ruthlessness of the play. Yet, from somewhere deep within, the sense
  that she was somehow not worthy of being part of this team and MUST prove herself
  beyond all doubt had started to smoulder. 
*** 
He caught it instantly. He had retaken his seat just as the next period had
  started and witnessed the lighting-fast goal. Even he could see that the goal
  had been a tribute to the skill and reflexes of the Norton team-member and
  not due to any error on Tara's part. But yetthere it was - a deep, almost
  palpable resolve. The desire to serve, the NEED to be accepted, to be part
  of the team. Oh yes, she was showing potential all right, and not just as a
  good polo player. Something had changed  that shared glance, although it may
  have meant nothing to her, had kick-started his senses. More than ever, he
  felt he knew her. There was no sound logical basis for this at all, but he
  *knew* he had somehow linked to her. The match no longer mattered to him at
  all; he was no longer the Fourth Duke, he was the One who watched, who waited,
  assessed and noted the behaviour of his potential slave. This wasn't a game
  any more, it was a test, and if she passed, then, one way or another, she would
  behis. 
Chapter Seven 
The water drippeddrip drip dripit dripped incessantly, and it was slowly
  driving her mad. There were times when she found herself concentrating on that
  endless dripping noise, even counting the drips, if only in order to take her
  mind off her other troubles. And these were numerous: she had utterly lost
  track of time for instance  she may have been there hours or days, she didn't
  know; she was in continual pitch-blackness, with never a chink of light to
  relieve it, not even when he visited. She had no idea how he knew where to
  go and what to do when he got there. She was beginning to think that he was
  Omnipotent and Omniscient, which of course was the idea. 
*drip drip drip* 
Sweat poured off her pain-wracked body, and pooled inside the garment she
  was wearing, increasing her discomfort to levels of slow, exquisite torture.
  She had been strapped and zipped into a tight latex sheath, with only her head
  sticking out. The sheath included a single leg-piece, into which both her legs
  had been crammed, her anklebones grating together, and her knees and thighs
  further welded together by the stickiness of her sweat-drenched skin. The rubber
  was so form-fitting that the crotch of the garment had almost been sucked up
  into her pussy, but this was in no way erotic. It clung to her shaven mound,
  giving her the unrelenting sensation that she was being cupped and groped by
  a warm clammy hand. Her arms had been fed into the garment's internal sleeves
  and were pressed tightly to her sides. It clung suffocatingly to her stomach
  and her breasts, so that she was beginning to lose track of where Tara ended
  and her latex skin began. Lastly it was buckled up around her throat like a
  collar, a hateful reminder of her enforced servitude. Although the room was
  cool, inside that rubber skin she was literally stewing in her own juices,
  and she hardly move in its clinging grip. 
*drip drip drip* 
Her muscles were cramping - she tried to stretch, to tense them up and relax
  again, but this gave little relief. She was a sportswoman, and her muscles
  were not used to this kind of inactivity. He had kept her limber enough, with
  the positions into which she was frequently restrained, and his nightmare of
  a gym kept her fit, but this complete immobility was beginning to tell on her
  body. Her back ached from lying on the hard stone floor, the hot sticky dampness
  from her sweat and other fluids soaked back into her skin which chafed excruciatingly
  as it rubbed against the latex sheath. Her jaw alternated between a fierce
  ache and total loss of feeling from the oversize ballgag that had been forced
  into her mouth, and her throat was constricted. For some reason that she could
  not fathom she had not expired of thirst and her mouth although tasting foully
  of rubber, was not all that dry. 
*drip drip drip* 
A scuffling sound, staccato, a whisper of movement, but it awoke her from
  dream-haunted slumber. Sleeping had not been by choice, but her body had long
  since wrested control from her frightened mind, and had dragged her down into
  her only possible refuge. Even there, there had been no peace: her dreams were
  fragmented and twisted, and she was trapped, she was buried alive under tons
  of damp earth, peaty and clammy to the touch. She tried to call out and the
  earth trickled into her mouth, filling it to the back of her throat, and still
  it pressed down, harder and harder, forcing her to swallow to avoid choking
  to death. The earth filled her throat, her stomach. It filled her veins and
  her lungs. They had buried her living body and left her there forever, trapped
  but conscious, weighed down by the terrible heaviness, but alive, to spend
  her days and nights as a living corpse until the madness overwhelmed her mind,
  and she screamed silently into the darkness for eternity 
*drip drip drip* 
Her eyes snapped open, but the dream did not fadedark, clammy, pressing,
  clinging. What was real, what was dream? A scuffling soundwas it in the dirt
  of her grave, were there worms, insects, waiting to feast on her body? These
  thoughts flashed through her terrified mind in an instant, but the feel of
  the hard stone floor beneath her aching muscles, the rubbery taste in her mouth
  brought her back to some semblance of reality. Scufflingrats? Spiders? Her
  ears strained to hear, but the noises were gone. She wept silently, tears coursing
  down her face, leaking down around the collar of her prison. How long could
  she last? She didn't want insanity, but knew that her mind could not stand
  much more of this torture. She could no longer feel her legs or her arms. She
  felt disembodied, yet anchored to one spot. A frightened tired mind with no
  home or form. She was so alone, cut off, with only her own terrified thoughts
  and dreams. Hell wasn't burning lakes, or other people  this was Hell. 
*drip drip drip * 
Then he was there again, with no noise, no warning of his presence. There
  was only his warm sweet breath against her cheek as he whispered in her ear: No
  control, no self-discipline...I grant you the privilege of some movement, so
  that you can sleep more comfortably, and you betray my trust. You used this
  body*my* property, to give yourself pleasure, a pleasure for which you did
  not have my permission. 
Her body was rigid with fear inside her shiny rubber prison. His deep voice
  was cold and contemptuous, and there was an undertone of...danger...in it.
  She tensed in her broiling cocoon as his strong fingers gripped her chin, pulling
  her face around to the side. The whispering started again, into her other ear. I
  have tried...I have tried to teach you, I've tried to instil discipline, I've
  tried to make you understand that your new life can have its rewards as well
  as the pain or punishment. But those rewards are earned, they are notstolen,
  as you have *stolen* your orgasms. You are a thief, my slave, and thievery
  should always be punished. His grip abruptly loosened and his presence was
  gone once more. 
*drip drip drip* 
She was going crazy here - sleep was now a rare and elusive event  not only
  due to the dripping water, but there had been other sounds in the darkness
  too, a kind of *slithering* noise like something dry rasping across stone.
  Her logical mind, what there was left of it, refused to accept the fact, but
  her subconscious screamed snake! at her. Rats and spiders she could bear,
  as she was pretty sure they would leave her alone, but she loathed snakes and
  was utterly terrified of them - but what would a snake be doing in a cellar
  somewhere in England? Didn't they only have adders over here in any case? However,
  try as her rapidly diminishing logic might, the fears steadily grew. She was
  lying on the floor quite unable to protect herself and, with her terror magnified
  by the darkness, she imagined they were all around her, coming closer, ready
  to slide over her tightly-wrapped body or her face. Dry scales, abrading her
  skin, coiling around her neck, squeezing and squeezing...and it was then, as
  those horrors gripped her mind and turned it upside down and inside out, that
  she screwed her eyes shut and screamed into the dark, into that enormous rubber
  ball lodged behind her teeth. Her voice gurgled around it, a lost, pathetic
  sound that soon disappeared into echoes, which only reinforced the notion of
  a dank medieval dungeon, where she would rot forever... 
*drip drip drip* 
And then he was there, his cool hands running through her matted and sweat-soaked
  hair. Her eyelids snapped open again, her eyes vainly darting from side to
  side in the deep velvety blackness, trying to locate him. She gurgled out a
  scream once more as his fingers coiled around her hair and pulled it savagely,
  but the scream turned into a choke, as fluid caught in her throat and trickled
  down her windpipe. She began to panic, thrashing impotently around in her all-enclosing
  bondage, desperately afraid that she would choke to death. The memory of her
  dreams flitted through her mind, choking, lungs filling 
Then there was a sensation, a loosening of the gag-strap, and the colossal
  sphere of rubber being gently but steadily tugged, engendering a new fear,
  that her teeth would break under the pressure. However, the smooth ball finally
  slipped over her teeth and popped out of her mouth like a cork, followed by
  an explosive series of coughs. She felt herself rolled on her front, her breasts
  squashed into the hard stone floor as her back was pounded until she gained
  control of her breathing again. She lay there helplessly, close to hyperventilating,
  unable to shake off the feeling of being crushed, tightly constricted as her
  body was in that rubber skin. The blood rushed in her ears and her heart pounded
  against her rib-cage. She tried to cry out again, to beg for release, but her
  quick shallow breaths and tight chest would not allow her the necessary air
  to do so. She felt her arms tingling, her head starting to spin, or was it
  the room spinning? It was so black, she was so disorientedshe couldn't breathe...her
  lungs wouldn't inflate anymore. 
Mercifully, she passed out. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joanna O'Dwyer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





