BDSM Library - Babysiters Beating




Babysiters Beating
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A stand alone sequel of sorts to 'Patricia's Punishment'. Patricia and Chris find the babysitter stealing, so punish her with hand, belt and cane, and a 9" dildo.BABY-SITTERS BEATING   
We had trouble finding a baby-sitter that night. Our usual girl was on holiday
  but this event was too important to miss. &quot;The Annual Law Society Ball&quot; was
  a perfect opportunity for my wife Patricia to network. Having had nine months
  maternity leave she was busy building up her practice once more.  
Carrie therefore came as a major relief. We didn't know her, but she was
  recommended by some friends. Seventeen years old, she studied at the local
  college and lived with her businessman father.  
She arrived on time, and whilst Patricia gave her her instructions, I gazed
  happily at her. She wasn't exactly beautiful, but had a pretty face with a
  hint of puppy fat. She had shoulder length curly brown hair, pulled behind
  her ears, and stood about 5'7". She had a magnificent body. Large breasts pushed
  against her tight T-shirt, bordered by the straps of a small rucksack on her
  back. She wore a short skirt, beige tights and white block heeled trainers;
  her legs were pleasingly slim.  
The ball was great fun and Pat was pleased with the business side of things.
  We returned home happy, and as I paid Carrie, Pat went straight upstairs. This
  gave me a chance to ogle Carries legs as she sat to put her shoes on. I was
  just about to give her a lift home when Patricia shouted down for us to stop.
  She charged downstairs and said angrily &quot;Have you seen the ten pounds
  that was on the hall table?&quot; Carrie shook her head.  
&quot;Well you won't mind if I look in your purse then.&quot; Pat said and
  promptly snatched it from a shocked Carries hand. Opening it up she pulled
  out two ten pound notes out and held them up to a fluorescent lamp we have
  in our hall. On one note could clearly be seen the word STOLEN.  
I'm generally a trusting person, so I was shocked. Carrie squealed &quot;That
  must be the one that Dr Williams gave me." I took both notes and inspected
  them.  
&quot;No.&quot; I said. &quot;I recognise this one from the party. It has
  some writing on it. Carrie I'm disappointed. Even If I don't call the police
  I'll have to inform your father.&quot;  
&quot;No please don't tell daddy.&quot; Real panic now. Interesting.  
&quot;Why's that?&quot; I asked.  
Carrie paused. &quot;Because I've done this before and Daddy said if I messed
  up again he'd send me away to boarding school for my last year.&quot;  
&quot;Well then we'll deal with this ourselves.&quot; This was Patricia.
  Without further ado she grabbed Carries arm and dragged her into the living
  room.  
&quot;What are you doing?&quot; Carrie squealed.  
&quot;Be quiet.&quot; Patricia ordered. This was a side to her I had not
  seen before. She pulled Carrie to the sofa, sat down and pulled her over her
  knees. My God she was going to spank her! Pat pulled her short skirt up and
  began splatting Carries ample buttocks.  
&quot;Stop this, you can't do this to me.&quot; Carrie shrieked. &quot;Ow!
  oooh!&quot; She wriggled and squirmed and kicked her legs, bringing her arms
  behind to protect herself.  
Pat pushed her arms away and said &quot;Of course we can always call the
  police.&quot;  
&quot;No. Nooooo!&quot; Her bottom was pinkening beneath the tights and her
  cheeks juddered marvellously with each spank. Patricia was not easing up. Her
  spanks were hard and brisk and poor Came didn't know what to do with herself.
  She writhed and squealed, pleading for mercy.  
&quot;You are a very naughty young girl and you deserve to be punished.&quot; Patricia
  told her. Suddenly she put her hand down the tights , grasped Carries pants,
  and with a vicious tug, ripped them up and off. Carrie shrieked with surprise
  and shame. Her bottom was now bare.  
I had taken a seat opposite and was enjoying myself thoroughly. At the same
  time I was astonished by Patricia's behaviour. Never once in the five years
  of our marriage had she ever shown such a dominant side. She herself had been
  in the same position as Carrie on two occasions (and many more times in fun
  with me). Never had she done this before.  
Pat continued to spank Carrie for a good five minutes, extending her slaps
  to Carries thighs and bringing further squeals from her. She was continually
  pleading for Patricia to stop, and her struggling meant that her T-shirt rode
  up her body, exposing her large right bra covered breast to me.  
Eventually Pat finished, declaring &quot;My hand's getting too sore for this.
  Stand up young lady.&quot; Carrie obeyed, red faced, and immediately pulled
  her skirt down.  
&quot;We'll have that off now.&quot; Patricia told her and yanked it down
  despite Carries efforts to stop her. She stood facing Patricia, shivering and
  covering her pubes with her hands.  
&quot;You can't do this to me.&quot; she whined &quot;Let me go.&quot;  
&quot;Don't think I've finished with you yet young lady. Get those hands
  on the back of your head with your elbows back.&quot; Pat shouted. Carrie obeyed
  slowly and mournfully. She looked as though she was about to cry as her vagina
  came into view for the first time. It was neatly shaven and I wondered if her
  lips were bare. We would soon see.  
The pose thrust Carries breasts forward, pushing against the shiny material
  of her T-shirt. Patricia grabbed them and gave them a good squeeze as Carrie
  yelped.  
&quot;Let's get you exposed.&quot; Pat said and yanked her T-shirt up over
  her arms. Without pausing she then tugged her bra the same way. Carries breasts
  fell free and Pat ordered her to resume her previous pose. Wow, what breasts!
  They were very large and low, but poked upwards nicely.  
&quot;You are a big girl aren't you?&quot; Pat said and slapped first the
  left and then the right breast. &quot;Waggle them about.&quot; she told Carrie
  and Carrie obeyed with a sob, tears trickling down her cheeks at the humiliation.  
Pat let her do that for a minute or so and then said &quot;We'll have you
  upstairs now.&quot; Carrie, wearing only her pale tights and trainers struggled
  up the staircase, her big bum waggling in front of us. It. also gave us a good
  view of her pussy and yes, her lips were shaved.  
Carrie was trembling and whimpering by the time she reached the landing.
  Pat pushed her into our bedroom as she wailed &quot;What are you going to do
  to me?&quot;  
&quot;Take your shoes off and get onto the bed, front down. Chris, give me
  your belt.&quot;  
&quot;No!&quot; Carrie screamed. Pat pushed her onto the bed and grabbed
  one other trainers, tugging it off.  
&quot;Do as I tell you, you little slut.&quot; With that the other shoe came
  off and Pat twisted Carrie onto her front. &quot;Now spread your legs and put
  your feet together.&quot; Carrie obeyed, whimpering.  
&quot;No please! You can't do this to me. Stop!&quot;  
Her pose pushed her ample bottom up and exposed her spread pussy. Pat grabbed
  my belt and sent it sizzling down onto Carries arse. She jerked and squealed &quot;Noooo!&quot; Pat
  raised her arm again. SPLAT! Carries cheeks juddered as my belt bit into her
  arse and a muffled moan came from the pillow Carrie had buried her head into.  
There was no method to the whipping she took then. Pat brought the belt down
  hard and fast, not pausing between strokes. Carrie gurgled and moaned and wailed
  and writhed in agony. Her bottom blazed red and hot. Some of the shots nipped
  in between her spread cheeks and onto her exposed pussy. These produced the
  loudest wails and most vigorous writhing. Carrie was unable to resist, helpless
  against the sting of the belt. Her thighs also tasted real punishment and they
  too glowed red.  
Eventually Pat ran out of steam and passed the belt to me breathing heavily,
  her face flushed with exertion and excitement. As Carrie lay on the bed sobbing,
  Pat said &quot;Pass me the cane.&quot; Carrie sobbed louder but made no effort
  to move. I was shocked. Pat has an almost pathological fear of the cane. The
  first time she was caned was in front of a pub full of people, eighteen hard
  strokes. Yet the whole punishment had awakened our interest in mild C.P. However
  the second time was part of a more vicious physical and sexual assault that
  she had been blackmailed into agreeing to. After that she had banned me from
  ever caning her again and spanking had become very mild and infrequent. Now
  here she was about to subject a young girl to the cane.  
Our bed has a raised border at the bottom and Patricia placed a couple of
  pillows on it. She made Carrie stand up, and stripped her out of her tights.
  Carrie, sobbing and now fully nude was made to lie on her back, her bottom
  on the raised pillows. She was then told to grasp the backs of her knees and
  spread her legs wide. Her bum hole and fanny were now fully exposed, awaiting
  the cane.  
Patricia now removed her own dress saying &quot;It's getting hot in here.&quot; She
  stood in her dark blue bra, undies, stockings and suspenders and blue high
  heels, swishing the cane, a rapt look on her face. Without warning she slashed
  the cane into Carries buttocks and her victim screamed and kicked her legs
  out.  
&quot;Get back into position.&quot; Pat warned. As Carrie regained her pose,
  Pat struck again. Another red line appeared across her cheeks and she sobbed
  loudly. Tears trickled down her cheeks as she awaited her third stroke. I wonder
  what she thought as she gazed up over her gaping pussy to see Patricia standing
  over her in her underwear, wielding a cane.  
The third stroke was a nasty one, straight into the junction between thighs
  and buttocks. Carrie let out a blood-curdling scream and twisted over onto
  her front. As she tried to get up Patricia shouted &quot;Stay where you are!&quot; and
  gave another hard stroke onto the meat of the sobbing girls buttock. Carrie
  collapsed in a heap.  
Patricia grabbed her hair and pulled her up. She dragged her to the bottom
  of the bed and pushed her over the back so Carrie lay face down with her backside
  raised by the pillows.  
&quot;Hold her down.&quot; she instructed. As I obeyed Pat spread her lags
  and swished the cane down. It landed with a splat high on Carries buttocks.  
&quot;Aaaaargh!&quot; Carrie yelled, kicking, and struggling against me.
  Her bottom blazed an angry red with five distinct lines. I was impressed with
  Pat's technique. She wasted no time in giving a sixth stroke, slicing over
  the others, and then a seventh, angled the opposite way. A blazing cross was
  left.  
&quot;Right young lady this is going to be your last stroke, and believe
  me it's going to be a hard one.&quot; Patricia intoned. And it was. She caned
  her with all her strength, and Carrie fairly leapt off the bed despite me holding
  her. She was weeping freely now  and I allowed her to
  rub her backside.  
I got a shock when I looked up. Pat had removed her bra and panties and had
  strapped on a dildo (don't ask!) She greased it with some moisturiser and then
  slipped all nine inches into Carries gaping cunt. Carrie screamed.  
&quot;No you can't do this!&quot; she yelled.  
&quot;Oh yes she can.&quot; I told her. Worse was to come. After a while
  Pat removed the dildo, only to spread Carries cheeks and thrust it slowly into
  her anus. It was obviously painful, and also humiliating. With every thrust
  she yelled and begged Pat to stop. She only did so when she'd brought herself
  to a juddering climax.  
With that the punishment was over. Came got stiffly to her feet and quickly
  pulled on her skirt and T-shirt, grabbed what was left other underwear and,
  still sobbing, left the house.  
&quot;You're going to regret this!&quot; she shouted.  
I turned to Pat and laughed. &quot;Wow look at you.&quot; I said.  
&quot;God that was sexy.&quot; she almost purred. I'll leave what happened
  next to your imagination.  
Later we were sitting in the kitchen sharing a cocoa. Pat was still wearing
  her stockings and suspenders under her dressing gown. The door-bell sounded
  and I went to open it. A middle-aged man was at the door and her barged past
  me.  
&quot;Dr and Mrs Williams? I'm David Johnson - Carries father. I think you
  and I need to talk."  
He sat down next to Patricia and said &quot;I believe you've just carried
  out a serious sexual assault on my daughter.&quot;  
&quot;She was punished for stealing money from us. It was preferable to telling
  you or the police.&quot; Pat answered calmly.  
&quot;That's as may be.&quot; Mr Johnson replied. &quot;However Carrie did
  not give her consent for you to physically chastise her. In addition she most
  certainly did not give her permission for you to enter her both vaginally and
  anally with a dildo. That is rape and carries a long prison sentence - much
  longer than that for stealing ten pounds.&quot; He paused. Oh God we were in
  trouble. &quot;Unless you want Carrie to report this matter to the police,
  there is only one way forward.&quot;  
&quot;What's that'?&quot; Pat asked quietly.  
&quot;Stand up woman!&quot; he demanded. As Pat stood he ripped her dressing
  gown off, exposing her nude, stockinged body. Pat squealed and tried to cover
  herself, but Mr Johnson bent her over our table and began to thrash her naked
  backside. In-between Patricia's yelps and struggling he said  
&quot;You and your husband will come to my house tomorrow night. Do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes!&quot; A high pitched squeal.  
"I have guests and I intend them to witness me putting you through the same
  ordeal that you put Carrie through. Carrie will also be present. I intend to
  thrash you thoroughly, humiliate you and fuck you like you fucked my daughter.&quot; With
  this he stopped spanking and thrust his fingers into Pats vagina. She yelped
  and sobbed.  
&quot;Do you agree?&quot; he asked. There was a pause, then Pat whispered &quot;Yes
  sir.&quot;  
TO BE CONTINUED&hellip;   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





