BDSM Library - Ruth-Anne's Miscalculation




Ruth-Anne's Miscalculation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ruth-Anne Klauss discovers that self-bondage is a real turn on.  She is smart and thorough and never makes a mistake, well almost never. She studied her middle-aged face in the mirror and sighed. At 43, she was,
  in the terms of an earlier age, a spinster. She was certainly not deformed,
  but her face was a little long and she was thin and small busted, it had it's
  advantages, she looked like she was in her 30's and if worked hard at it, at
  a distance she could look like she was 13, however, closer inspection would
  reveal the fraud Her hair was muddy red, that could be improved with coloring,
  but soon it faded to its muddiness again. Her bra size was 28A and her measurements
  were 28-23-29. She had heard her acquaintances note that she was a sweet person.  
As for sex, Ruth-Anne Klauss was a virgin, she had always assumed that she
  would reward her husband on their wedding night with the opportunity to deflower
  her and so kept any kind of petting to a minimum. Sometimes, she wondered if
  maybe if she had only been willing to go a little farther than chaste play
  with the boys she dated that perhaps she would be as domestic as her friends
  were now with talk of teenagers and the like. The truth is that she had drifted
  away from her high school chums and had long since stopped attending alumni
  functions for either high school or college.  
Ruth-Anne (she abhorred nicknames and could not abide Ruthie) had started
  working at a department store while she attended college and stayed with them
  right through her MBA at age 24, she continued with the same store and weathered
  several mergers and buyouts until she rose to the level of Senior Vice President
  of Purchasing at age 34. In a mere 10 years, she was in the second tier of
  management. Her resume may suggest that she was a powerful woman and at work
  she was and her position and demeanor tended to intimidate eligible men. The
  bottom line was that she poured herself into her job and prospered, but hated
  coming home. Ruth-Anne like most women her age had grown up in a society where
  everything she saw for the joy of womanhood was aimed at becoming a wife and
  a mother, but the 80's and 90's changed that and the confusion of identity
  added to her disadvantage. Ruth-Anne was not a beauty, she was an enigma, on
  the one hand, she was the powerful business woman, outwardly, but that was
  at war with her internal core belief that she should be in the middle of a
  suburban class dream.  
The result was spinsterhood, the loneliness really did not start to impact
  her until at age 36. The company was in the middle of another merger. However,
  this time her position was axed. She got an extremely lucrative buyout of her
  contract as a member of senior management, so financially she was set. The
  problem was, there was really no place for her to go for another job. She had
  become fairly one dimensional and had not taken the typical path that broadened
  her experience, she was happy to stay in purchasing and even mistakenly believed
  that she had become indispensable. So, while she was more than comfortable
  financially, she was without her position and the long hours she worked. That
  meant that she was alone and without much of a purpose. She took three cruises
  and a holiday in Paris and that took up one year. Secretly, she hoped to find
  someone on these outings, but other than come ons from some undesirable men
  and some missteps with several desirable candidates, she was back where she
  started. On a business level she was adroit, on a personal level she was clumsy.  
With no professional prospects on the horizon and little more stomach for
  the singles scene, Ruth-Anne retreated to her home. For the next two years,
  she had made 6 forays into new jobs, that just did not work out and she was
  far too overqualified and expensive for most purchasing positions out there.
  So, gradually, she accepted her forced retirement. She kept fit, but did put
  on some fat, interestingly enough, the extra weight went to her breasts and
  hips she moved to a 29B bra and her new measurements were 29-23-30. Ruth-Anne
  did not note this as that was not something on which she kept tabs.  
About three years ago, Ruth-Anne had discovered something on the internet
  that she would never had guessed would hold her interest, BDSM, It was a mild
  journey to begin with, she had joined a chatroom with a name Service with a
  Smile, it was a female only room. Ruth-Anne was surprised at the topics, servitude,
  submitting to training and discipline. Learning to provide sex with the minimum
  of pleasure. It was a straight female submissive group. Ruth-Anne joined in
  gradually, taking the role as devil's advocate. She was polite and articulate
  and became popular in the room precipitating several lively discussions. She
  formed friendships in the room and spent fully two hours every evening chatting
  in the room with the "ladies" (she suspected that a few were actually men.)
  After about seven months of chatting in the room, one of the girls inadvertently
  wrote: "Check me out on my website: www.wenchonherknees.net.  Use
  Overlord1218 as your username and obeyme as your password." Subby10001 quickly
  wrote: "Oops, that was supposed to go in another room sorry, lol, but you guys
  are welcome to look too. Just use Overlord1219 and obeyme, if that doesn't
  work just keep adding 1 to the user name until it lets you in." Intrigued,
  Ruth-Anne went to the website to log in, she was not first there though, she
  finally clicked in with Overlord1231. Subby10001 had password protected the
  site because she had several nude shots, otherwise, the site was fairly innocuous,
  as Ruth-Anne would discover soon. Mostly, she was in lingerie and posing. It
  was really kind of cute.  
Subby10001's site was a sponsored site and had several banners and a link
  to a "self-bondage" site. This intrigued Ruth-Anne as the site discussed many
  ideas and methods on how someone could restrain themselves and eventually be
  released.. For the next two weeks, she studied that site and several others
  dealing with self-bondage. One site presented her with some drawn illustrations
  on how to put herself into a simple hogtie. Ruth-Anne quickly went and got
  the required materials. She cut the rope she purchased into the lengths it
  indicated. She took her "release knife" to the end of the main hallway to the
  bedrooms. Then, just to add her own little touch, she wrapped the blade in
  masking tape. She reasoned this accomplished two things, first it made the
  bondage a little more difficult and longer, but it still assured release and
  the tape would protect her hands as she searched for the knife to cut herself
  free. She took the prepared knife and a pile of old jeans and placed it in
  the pocket of one of the 6 pair of worn out jeans she had purchased from a
  thrift store. Next, she mixed them up so she was unsure as to which of the
  jeans held the knife. She proceeded then to tie the legs of the pants to each
  other and through the waist and out of the leg of the pants, until she had
  created a massive Gordian type of knot. Ruth-Anne tossed it at the end of the
  40 foot hallway, it was the longest in the house.  
Ruth-Anne drew a breath and shuddered, she was excited. To calm herself,
  she drew a bath and soaked. After she dried off, she went to her wardrobe and
  selected a smart grey business suit with a skirt, of course. Even though the
  illustration was of a girl clad only in high heels, she had a different vision
  of her bondage. Her Fantasy was more of an abduction. So, she tied herself
  fully clothed in the business suit replete with black pantyhose and heels.
  She did, however, allow herself to select a provocative turquoise bra and panty
  set she had purchased from a lingerie boutique. She put on the bra, panties,
  pantyhose and black 3 &frac12; &quot; heels. She then went to her vanity and
  carefully did her make up. She checked herself in the mirror and nodded at
  herself. She pulled on her skirt and carefully fastened it in the back and
  then zipped it up. She selected a somewhat sheer white blouse, the bra was
  clearly discernable under it, buttoned up the front and tied it with a bow
  at the collar, then she put on the gray jacket matching the skirt. She smiled
  and thought that she made a pleasing victim.  
She went though the house and carefully closed all the blinds and locked
  the doors and then made a second round to double check herself. When she had
  assured herself as to her privacy and security, she went to the living room.
  The spot she chose was about another 25 feet from her release, so she would
  have to travel 65 feet to start to find the knife that would release her. When
  she finally did find it, she would have to remove the tape from the blade to
  cut herself free. She was pleased with the plan, it was certainly not going
  to be a quick scene, but she was confident that she was going to be able to
  escape.  
She sat on the floor and began to tie her ankles, taking care to follow the
  directions that she had downloaded. She chose 4 coils and snugly put the 4
  coils around her ankles. Then she tied a slip knot noose in one of the ends
  of the excess rope, which she then wrapped it twice between her legs, cinching
  the bonds tight. There was about another 5 inches left over, she left the noose
  hanging down and then she used the other loose end to cinch the ankles a little
  tighter. She applied a simple gag, a scarf the she tied tightly in a cleave
  style, when she tried to speak she was surprised at how effectively it made
  her unintelligible. She had measured carefully the amount of rope for her wrist
  coils, she slid the coils through the noose on the rope tied to her ankles.  
She rolled carefully to on her side and worked her wrists into the coils
  with the noose between her wrists, the instructions indicated to twist the
  coils once to make a figure eight. However, Ruth-Anne wanted to make sure,
  so she twisted it once more. That move, she would regret later. She drew her
  wrists slowly out and felt the coils cinched down on them. She rolled on to
  her stomach and pulled against the slipknot. As they cinched up she noticed
  that the rope was very tight and was cutting off circulation. She realized
  that the second twist was the culprit. She decided she had better get going
  a little faster or there may be a problem using her hands to free herself.  
Traveling on her stomach was a real education. Ruth-Anne wiggled and squirmed,
  slowly moving towards the hall. Her movement was slow and she was getting very
  tired, she had to stop twice before she even reached the hall. The trip was
  hell on her pantyhose too, it was run and starting to tatter. In addition,
  most of the buttons of the blouse were ripped off and her brightly colored
  bra peeked out into the open from the blouse, that was now being pushed back
  on her shoulders. By the time she reached the hallway, she was tired and stopped
  to rest. In the full length mirror in the hallway, she could see that she looked
  the part of a kidnaped damsel in distress. Now, she regretted not figuring
  a way to take pictures. Suddenly, her painful wrists reminded her that she
  was supposed to be hurrying her movement, so as to make good her escape and
  she was only roughly 1/3 of the way there, she better get started.  
She moaned and cried out from the pain. She now sported a decent rug burn
  just below her tits, she was soaked in sweat and her eyes stung from the sweat
  dripping from her scalp into her eyes. Even though she was not truly in physical
  danger, she felt like she had been beaten.  
After 2 hours, she finally arrived at the rats nest that held the knife she
  needed. She had to move herself to put herself in position to start working
  at the jeans. In doing so, she managed to slide her skirt up into a bunch and
  her matching bra and panty were now exhibited openly. The tips of her fingers
  had slowly started turning bluish and felt cold, lending to the difficulty
  of untying the jeans from each other, it seemed torturously slow to her.  
Ruth-Anne was very grateful that she found the knife in the pocket of the
  fourth pair of jeans. The next trick was to either tear off or unwrap the tape
  from the blade of the knife. Tearing it off was not likely to happen, as she
  discovered, she had next to no leverage. That only left to her was the option
  of unwrapping it. Her hands already felt painful and she was quickly losing
  feeling in her fingers. Finally, she had the blade clear of the tape and she
  cut the rope holding her ankles to her wrists, the release of pressure helped.
  Next, she slipped blade inside her wrist coils and managed to nick herself
  in the process. Ruth-Anne had to be patient, it took a sawing motion to cut
  through the rope.  
Hands freed, she quickly removed the other rope cuff and winced at the new
  pain as blood invaded her digits again. She cut away the rest of the rope and
  sat back against the wall. She was drenched in sweat from head to foot. She
  felt stiff from the exertion and guessed that she would pay a price in the
  next couple of days. But all in all, it had been a success.  
"Next time..." she thought to herself, in spite of the problems she experienced,
  she was already imagining her next session. From that point, she was always
  engaged in self-bondage type thoughts, it was like a secret lover would come
  to her and sweep her off her feet. She would feel herself lubricate as she
  acted her fantasies out.  
Early on, she wanted to try several ideas of self-bondage and self humiliation.
  There were few repeats of the miscalculations from her first attempt at bondage.
  She was very astute and taught herself about knots and then about releases.
  Ruth-Anne's creativity started to present new ways to bind herself for specific
  amounts of time. She looked at each event as a new opportunity to test certain
  of her boundaries.  
To start, Ruth-Anne worked only with ropes She tied herself in different
  kinds of hogties first. Then she discovered standing ties. With that innovation,
  she found new items and materials, such as spreader bars, handcuffs and the
  like. Her performance was magnificent, but all of it happened in front of a
  mirror, alone, in her attic. Ruth-Anne thought it seemed quixotic, most dungeons
  were in the basement, hers was in the attic  
Ruth-Anne began trying new scenarios. To this point, she was always was fully
  dressed, but gradually, her fantasies turned more exotic. In one session, she
  managed to created a timed weight drop that pulled her panties down her legs.
  For good measure, her skirt was pulled up to expose her cunt.  
Ruth-Anne discovered the interesting combination of candles and twine or
  cord as a release. She found that a candle when lit, would burn for a consistent
  length of time. She used the candle to burn the twine that held the release
  item, a knife or a key. By altering things slightly with several pulleys, she
  could use a 10 lb weight attached to several ropes as the means to manipulate
  things while she was bound. Those ropes, with the weights could be in turn
  were fed through one or two pulleys and attached to the crotch of her panties
  and two attached to the hem of a skirt.  
She readied her standing bondage so she could quickly bind herself to make
  the plan work. She had left the skirt by the bondage items and she would slip
  into it after she had set the candles. Then, she set the weight so that it
  hung about 8 feet in the air, It was supported by twine that was tied to a
  rafter. The weight was set to drop 4 feet before it took the slack in her clothing
  ropes. She lit the shorter candle next to the twine holding the 10 lb. weight.
  When she was sure it was lit she placed another longer candle next to her pocket
  knife release. She hurried over to the binding area, first she tied the rope
  for the crotch of her panties and then slipped into the already prepared skirt.
  She fixed herself into her bondage and tugged at it to cinch up. Now, she had
  to wait.  
Ruth-Anne purposely allowed a longer amount of time before either of the
  candles would engage the twine. She wanted plenty of time to catch her breath
  and allow herself to drift into a semblance of quiet. One of the benefits of
  the twine release is there is no mechanical sounds. The twine burns silently.
  The first you realize the trigger is sprung is when the release is swinging
  near your hand. She would also see it in the mirror.  
She hoped that the weight would expose her by pulling down her panties far
  enough to show her pussy, then, raising the skirt enough to show her crotch
  clearly. She admired her image in the mirror, she had purposely made herself
  up like a schoolgirl. There was no gag this time. All she could hear was the
  distant noises from outside her house. The only warning she got was a sudden
  whirring and then her panties snapped down and her skirt snapped up in unison.
  It was quick and seemed almost violent. One second she was dressed, the next
  she was standing there with her womanhood very effectively exhibited. The panties
  had been yanked down to her ankles and the skirt almost covered her face. It
  was a total success. It was at this point, she cursed herself for not having
  the foresight of having a camera record the triumph, she wanted to appreciate
  it as an observer as well.  
However, there was an additional bonus. Ruth-Anne felt moist and warm in
  her pussy. She had given herself 30 minutes before the second twine burned
  through and she released herself. It was then that she actually became aware
  of the wetness on the inside of her thighs. She recognized it as her vaginal
  fluids, the session had almost gotten her off.  
Ruth-Anne was determined to go the last session one better and immediately
  started to think what would be more dramatic. Though this time, she promised
  herself that she would capture it on film. She studied the problem and had
  an idea, she would design a trigger that would literally rip all her clothes
  off!  
It took her almost 3 weeks to plan the session. First, she made some rare
  internet purchases and had them shipped to her home. Then, she had to make
  several trips to different hardware stores to get the pulleys and hardware
  to actually get the action she was trying to achieve.  
Next, she went to a thrift store some distance away and purchased, a long
  skirt, a frilly blouse, and a pullover knitted vest. Ruth-Anne weakened the
  seams on the clothing and sewed some discreet attach points on the clothing.
  Next she went to a WalMart and purchased an inexpensive bra and panty set,
  as well as cheap white slip. As Ruth-Anne was out that time, she stopped by
  a lingerie boutique and bought a garter belt and stockings. While she was there,
  she saw a pair of high heels and on a whim bought them. They were 5&quot; high
  heels and the highest she had worn in her life was 3 &frac12; inch heels. She
  realized that she would have to practice in them or possibly injure herself
  in a fall. As with the other clothing she modified, she weakened the seams
  on the bra and the panties and sewed some attach points to them too. Now she
  was forced to impatiently wait.  
Ten days later her order from the internet arrived, in the box were several
  leather cuffs with D rings. She had ordered duplicate sets for her wrists and
  her ankles. Until now, Ruth-Anne had exclusively been using ropes for her bondage.
  She now was going to try leather restraints to speed up the time she could
  start the "clock' so to speak and be restrained. The longer she was fettered,
  the happier she was going to be. In addition, she had two home video cameras
  set up on tripods, this time she was going to be the victim and watch too.  
She next practiced the new escape method: keys to padlocks. Ruth-Anne wanted
  to make sure first she could unlock the hasp in almost any position and also
  not being able to directly see the lock, as well. She wanted to make sure that
  she would not be able to release herself prior to the release key becoming
  available. However, she had a problem, if she used the quick connect attachments,
  the bondage was loose. She would only need to manipulate her hands slightly
  to free herself. To counter this, she determined that by fastening the wrist
  cuffs with the D ring to the back with padlocks, then the quick release connection
  would not be close enough to release, but this only worked when she was stretched
  in her standing spread eagle bondage. Otherwise, the wrist cuffs could be easily
  defeated. It was how to get that extra two inches to take the slack out of
  her wrist restraints and leave only the padlocks as the way to escape that
  posed the problem. Ruth-Anne solved this by using a very simple combination
  of a spring pin used in tents and a metal tube sleeve. Her arm ropes met at
  a central point above her head. By tying the knot at the proper point she cinched
  her bondage by pulling on a string attached to the tube that acted as the sleeve
  Once she pulled it enough, the spring loaded pins sprang and the pins held
  the sleeve in place, forcing Ruth-Anne to wait for her release key to fall.
  She practiced and tested things for another week.  
Ruth-Anne felt she was close to ready and started to "tie up" some loose
  ends. Her maid was due the day after the day she planned to do this, so the
  longest she would be stuck was 18 hours, she left a note asking her maid to
  check the attic. She was certain it would not be needed, but it was her back
  up.  
She studied the six 10 lb weights and their corresponding rope, each rope
  would be attached to one of the items of clothes she had prepared for this.
  She prepared the candle for the weights in a unique way, she left some varied
  space between each of the twine triggers so that it would be difficult to guess
  when the next trigger would burn.. She engineered it so it ripped the clothes
  off from the outside in and the candle for her release key should trigger in
  45 minutes to an hour after she had been stripped of her underwear.  
She went downstairs and pissed and got a drink. She bathed and dressed in
  the lingerie only and then retrieved the one extravagance in her order from
  the internet. It was an O ring gag. She had tried it on before and was surprised
  that it did not stretch her jaws as much as she had thought it would.  
She checked her watch, it was 20 minutes before 3:00 and time to start, so,
  Ruth-Anne fastened the gag into place, removed her watch and fastened her wrist
  and ankle cuffs on where she needed them, then went to the attic.  
She wore only the panties, the bra, her garter belt, stockings and high heels
  when she climbed the steps up into the attic, as well, of course, as the cuffs
  on her wrists and ankles.  
For the first time, she took down the mirror, in its place were the two mounted
  camcorders, one in front and one at her back, both well clear of the mechanisms.
  Next, she climbed a stepladder and lit the first candle, then she climbed down
  and pushed the step ladder over to where the second candle was perched and
  lit it. Now the race was on to complete her binding.  
Quickly, Ruth-Anne climbed down the stepladder and stowed it and moved as
  quickly as her 5&quot; heels allowed her. She then attached the correct ropes
  to her panties and bra, they hung slack waiting to do their deed. She pulled
  on the slip and attached the rope for that item, then Ruth-Anne pulled on her
  skirt and fastened it place, she then attached its rope to the skirt. Now,
  she was able to fasten her ankles into place, she chose to put herself into
  a classic spreadeagle pose with all her limbs at approximately 45 degree angles
  and the position of the quick connects held her wrists and legs at that angle.  
Ruth-Anne smiled at the work done so far, but did not pause, she wanted the
  maximum time bound. So, she placed on the blouse and buttoned it. It made a
  nice Victorian type of outfit, she had searched for a waistcoat to complete
  the look, but there was nothing at the thrift store that did it, the closest
  was the reddish-brown knitted pullover vest. Ruth-Anne attached the rope for
  her blouse and pulled the vest on and when she was satisfied that everything
  was in place, she attached the last rope to the vest.  
Now Ruth-Anne set to work on her wrists, The padlocks, when locked in place
  to the quick connects slid into a position that allowed her to put her fingers
  on the keyhole, even when she was stretched. However, as it stood now, she
  could also reach the quick connect. Ruth-Anne made a quick inspection and did
  not see anything out of order to this point, so she placed a twine in her hand
  and she grasped it. It was the twine trigger that would start the camcorders.
  Next, she held a second twine trigger in her hand and wrapped around her ring
  finger. Then, she reached up to begin the intricate task of fastening her wrist
  to the last point of bondage and locking it in place.  
Once the padlock snapped into place, she checked what she could and felt
  sure it was going as planned. She carefully undid the twine from her ring finger
  and started to tug at it, as she did, the tube started to slide down taking
  the slack out of her wrist bondage until the quick connects were out of reach
  and she felt some tension in her position, at that point she heard a snap and
  she tested to see if the tube would move up, it didn't.  
Finally, Ruth-Anne had crossed the point of no return, she would be in the
  spreadeagle position until the release keys dropped. Now, she tugged at the
  remaining twine and heard a click and the soft sounds of the camcorders running.
  At this point all she could do was wait, she hoped that the image she provided
  was enticing. Ruth-Anne was hot by anyone's measure, stretched out this way,
  she was the picture of a damsel in distress. In this case, though, there would
  be no hero who would come along to rescue her modesty. It was at this point,
  that she started to dribble from her mouth, that only added to the helpless
  look.  
That was her plight now, and even though it was self-inflicted, it was efficient,
  she tried to find a flaw in her bondage, but it seemed very tight and secure.
  She did not struggle very long before she decided she was stuck.  
Ruth-Anne had settled into a certain acceptance when the first trigger went,
  and the vest was pulled from her body. As it snapped away, it pulled her bosom
  momentarily with it and made her breasts bounce, adding a nice touch Just moments
  later, the skirt was ripped off, she was surprised as the skirt was ripped
  off and up, the stitching on the lower half of the skirt didn't separate until
  it reached her armpits. Fortunately, the blouse protected her skin from abrasion,
  but she felt it and it was more painful than she was used to feeling.  
Next, the blouse went, this she had arranged a little different, it actually
  happened in two steps. She had arranged the rope down her front, inside the
  blouse. So, first, the buttons exploded off the top and then it was snapped
  off, leaving her with only her bra covering above her waistline. This action
  actually left a sore rash. Ruth-Anne was surprised that, while uncomfortable,
  the pain seemed quite tolerable.  
The slip was taken next with little incident. It did snap at her butt, in
  a tantalizing preview of what was to come, but not hard enough to register
  any pain at all. Now, she was a sight, quite fetching and very alluring, but
  of course, the bondage had not yet run its course.  
The bra and her panties happened as close to simultaneous as possible. He
  felt her bra pull up dragging the globes up with the cups and the starched
  lace of the upper cup scraped painfully across her nipples. As soon as that
  discomfort had registered, the panties triggered, the side bands stretched
  before giving way and the smooth material snapped back and away and sent a
  single whipping stroke to her vagina. The pain was quick and intense.  
Ruth-Anne's chest rose and fell in a staccato pattern as the final trigger
  of her clothes went, it took a good 15 minutes for her heart rate to slow and
  her breathing to return to normal. She was light headed and pool of her sex
  juices lay puddled underneath her. And yet as powerful as the rush was, she
  did not orgasm, however, the nascent woman didn't realize that, having never
  experienced one, Ruth-Anne thought she had felt a climax..  
Now, Ruth-Anne was hooked, the adrenaline rush and the feeling in her groin
  made this the most satisfying afterglow and she hung for the next half hour
  totally spent. The key fell on schedule and she with some effort freed herself
  and climbed down out of the attic. She gingerly walked to the table by the
  kitchen door, tore up and tossed the note to the maid in the trash.  
Ruth-Anne had enjoyed all her bondage adventures, even the first one she
  partially botched, but, this time, even an hour after the fact she was on a
  high. She drifted in a exciting haze well into the night. She finally had to
  force herself to go make sure all the candles were out and the attic was closed
  up. She collapsed in bed and slept deeply. As she drifted off to sleep, she
  felt enveloped in a warm sensual cloud. She drifted into the haze of sexual
  dreams, groaning in pleasure at the hands of an unseen tormentor. Ruth-Anne
  was going to have to do more, she was hooked.  
 Further Down the Path (Part 2)  
When Ruth-Anne woke later the next day, her maid had come and gone, when
  she did get up the bedclothes were in dire need of changing. She gathered up
  the sheets and cases and took them to the washer and put them in, the sheets
  were still damp from her dreams of the night before. While she sat waiting
  for the laundry, she considered why this session was different than other sessions
  she has put herself through. It was far more intense than any other except,
  possibly, her first hogtie.  
In the original hogtie, Ruth-Anne was more or less dressed for the whole
  thing. So, she could eliminate nudity as the key, though it seemed obvious
  to her that it was something she was growing to enjoy in her scenes. She tried
  to parse out what the two bondage session shared. They were very diverse, not
  only in their efficiency, but in their complexity. Yet, they evoked the same
  intense sensations. It took a while, but it finally occurred to her that the
  one of the two links in the two sessions: was the unknown. There was a lot
  of the unknown in her first go at it and in the last one she had no way to
  know if or what would work and both times there were surprises. Risk was the
  other key. In The first and the last there were things that could go wrong
  and she could have been discovered or worse. Something was going to have to
  change because to this point, she did all of her adventuring well protected
  and unseen in her home. The next logical step was to set up some risks in her
  adventures.  
Ruth-Anne had been interested in the stories of public adventures. However,
  most, if not all the stories had to do with men that cross-dressed. These self-bondage
  afficionados put themselves at risk of discovery in a public setting such as
  a mall or a women's public restroom. This kind of adventure excited her, but,
  the problem she saw was that, while men cross-dressing was something that could
  cause humiliation and embarrassment, women dressing in men's clothing was somewhat
  normal. It was then that she began toying with an interesting thought. The
  purpose was to place the victim in circumstances that would either embarrass
  her or hold the potential of embarrassing her and forcing her to stay in that
  situation until she could secure her release. The idea had her in the range
  from disapproving looks and comments, to being hit on by strange men. She hesitated.
  this would be the first time that she would display any aberrant behavior in
  public. But, that was precisely the kind of risk that she wanted, so she was
  determined to do it.  
Ruth-Anne went clothes shopping and stopped at a shoe store to pick up the
  last piece of her outfit. The premise was fairly simple, she was going to dress
  in a schoolgirl outfit, her diminutive size and body would allow her to be
  mistaken at a distance, but close up, her age would be apparent. In some ways,
  this was an important part of her fantasy. A schoolgirl was an exploitable
  person with very little in the way to defend themselves. Hentai and Manga was
  filled with these images and it was one that stuck in Ruth-Anne's mind.  
When she would be discovered, this situation would make her the brunt of
  rude comments and disdain from women. It also would mean come ons from men
  assuming she was looking for something else.  
She got home early and decided that there was no time like the present. Ruth-Anne
  took a shower, worked her make up far younger than her real age and dressed
  in the outfit she bought. A white blouse with a tie that matched her plaid
  skirt that reached the top of her knees white over the calf cotton socks and
  saddle shoes. She went to her garage, got into her car and drove 60 miles to
  a mall well away from her home. She went into the building and walked slowly
  through the mall. The reaction was pretty close to her prediction . There were
  three guys following along and several women gave her looks that expressed
  their disgust, when she ventured close enough for her real age to be determined.
  She left the mall and returned home and sat disappointed,  
Ruth-Anne felt little excitement and she had to admit that this time it had
  been a rare failure. As she dissected the session, she realized that she had
  felt no risk, no threat. That was the key, there needed to be a real compulsion
  to remain in public for a length of time that would subject her to the humiliation
  against her will. The last session was easy to beat, she just left.  
The solution was to trap herself in public without recourse for a minimum
  length of time. The solution seemed obvious, but the method was in question,
  just as she left the mall before, it was too easy to just go to her car and
  bail out. After a gin and tonic, she curled up on her sofa and worked it through.
  Somehow, she needed to force herself into situations that kept her in the eyes
  of the public for an amount of time that was out of her control. In addition,
  she wanted the reaction to be more intense. Eventually, the scenario came to
  her, it would require some time to get it right, but she was sure it would
  meet her needs.  
The next morning, Ruth-Anne took the skirt and blouse to Goodwill and dropped
  them off. Next, she drove her car to each of the ten malls in the area. She
  casually walked through each of them, studying each one, noting how they were
  laid out. By the time she got home that night, she was tired and her feet were
  sore, but she was confident that what she wanted to do, could be done.  
The next day was spent on the web learning the ins and outs of the transit
  system in the area. By the time she made her dinner that night, she was very
  conversant with what stops she would need for each step of her plan. The next
  day she was driving again, this time she was going to bus terminals, airports
  and downtown locker gardens (Places for people that spend time downtown can
  change and keep the change of clothes.) Inside the range of the transit system:
  there were 2 airports, 3 bus terminals, 3 train stations and 6 locker gardens.
  After looking them over she determined that the major airport, 2 of the bus
  terminals, all of the train stations and all the locker gardens used the identical
  style and color of rental lockers. That meant that there would be twelve locker
  stops and 6 of them would be changing stops.  
The plan evolved as Ruth-Anne went through the scenario and now she was sorry
  at the haste of getting rid of the skirt to goodwill. Still, that was water
  under the bridge, she purchased the clothes and shoes she needed and sat them
  in her living room. She had bought the type of hardware she needed and installed
  it. Now, she had to learn schedules and routines in all her venues. While she
  was throwing caution to the wind, she at least wanted to know which direction
  it was blowing. It had taken her seven weeks to feel confident in her assessment
  of the situation. She had done the testing she needed to do.  
Ruth-Anne prepared twelve manilla envelopes. She laid out six pairs of panties
  and six cut up another 6 pairs of panties. She filled each envelope with a
  key and panties or rags, then sealed them. She placed the envelopes in a large
  box and began to alternately shake and toss the envelopes around mixing them
  up thoroughly. Ruth-Anne took one envelope and placed it in one of six identical
  gym bags and zipped them up and locked them with two small baggage padlocks.
  Sewn into the clothing she would wear as she left her house were the keys to
  open any one of the gym bags, the key in the panties would open one of them
  and in one of the three other keys would open the second, the other two would
  not open these any padlocks, so she had to tear her clothes apart to find the
  keys, time constraints meant that she would not have time to try one key at
  a time. She would have to strip and tear the keys out and try them quickly.
  This insured that she had to change into the clothes in the gym bag.  
 There was the another bit of humiliation, the six outfits were roughly the
  same kind of catholic schoolgirl outfit that she wore before, except the six
  skirts were different lengths: One of them was a modest knee length, two had
  hems that hit at mid-thigh, two more were a couple of inches shorter and one
  that was perhaps ten inches in length, it covered virtually nothing.  
Also in the gym bags were keys, one of which would allow her to get back
  into the house, though not directly and end the bondage session. She allowed
  herself the luxury of taking as many precautions as possible, but the randomness
  of what she was about to do, meant that she would be forced to spend the time
  in outfits that will draw unwanted attention to herself. Ruth-Anne felt light
  headed and her cunt began to moisten, this was already a rush and she hadn't
  started yet.  
Ruth-Anne went to the "locker gardens" first and paid her fee, she was handed
  a card and two tokens, the card allowed her to enter and shower and keep her
  clothes there for forty-eight hours, the token would allow her to store her
  change of clothes in a locker. She had brought one of the gym bags in and walked
  to locker 212 put her clothes in and closed it used one of the tokens and took
  the key and dropped into her handbag. She repeated the action 5 more times
  taking locker 212 each time. Her research proved right, not only was 212 a
  rarely used locker both in the mini spas and locker gardens, but in the train
  stations, bus stations and airport as well.  
After the trips to the locker gardens, she made trips to the airport, the
  train stations and to 2 of the bus terminals, at these places she simply left
  a manilla envelope containing two keys. At each stop she rented locker 212.
  Each of the keys looked identical to each other, a gray plastic head with a
  reddish-purple 212 on it. As she headed to the furthest mall from her house,
  she tossed them over and over again in her handbag. This particular mall had
  twelve floors, so she taped one of the locker keys under a bench next to a
  very popular fountain and second she secreted under the lip of a potted plant
  on the top floor such that she would have to bend over to retrieve it, depending
  on the length of her skirt, it could be very revealing to the patrons on the
  escalator. Ruth-Anne repeated this at the nine other malls taping the keys
  in hidden, but public places. There were 12 keys spread throughout the area
  malls. But to add more confusion to this, she had no idea which locker key
  was at which mall, not only would she have to recover it, but guess at which
  locker it fit, too.  
The final detail meant to make this session more difficult was that her only
  method of transportation would be public mass transit. Her car would be locked
  in her garage. This would not only make her travel more complicated, but it
  put Ruth-Anne in close proximity to other people, adding to her humiliation.
  She returned home and locked her car up. She went in and had something light
  to eat and was soon in bed, her alarm set for 4:00 am.  
Ruth-Anne rose and had a serious breakfast, then showered and dressed, her
  panties were girls briefs with a cartoon pattern, very juvenile, a white cotton
  bra, the over the calf socks that matched the plaid skirt, saddle shoes, a
  pleated plaid skirt, whose hem reached the middle of her thigh and finished
  with a white button up blouse. At a distance she looked like a girl on her
  way to parochial school. Close up, her deception was obvious.  
Around the exterior of the house, locked in different places were six key-boxes,
  all filled with paper clips, except 1 which also had the key to her front door.
  As with the other parts of the self-bondage, she randomly picked a key-box
  to hold the key and mixed it in with the rest of them, before locking the key-boxes
  in the different places around the house. So, Ruth-Anne knew one of the key-boxes
  had the house key, but she didn't know which one. Once, she stepped out the
  door and locked it, she was forced to visit each of the lockers to recover
  the keys to all the key-boxes to find the key to the front door, and for insurance,
  there was a padlock on the front door, whose key was also one that was in a
  locker, but, not necessarily the same locker.  
Ruth-Anne stood at the back door and paused. The front door was already locked
  by a padlock and she had a padlock for the backdoor as well, the key for which
  sat on the living room coffee table. If... no, when she walked out the door,
  closed, locked and padlocked it, she was trapped. True, it was by her own devising,
  but she would be forced to go through the steps to gain her release. It made
  no difference at that point whether any women reviled or ridiculed her. It
  wouldn't matter if any guys made passes at her or not. Ruth-Anne was not going
  to get back in her house until she complied with the terms of her bondage.  
As she stepped out the door. She shivered, it was November and it was cold.
  Almost instantly, she was a picture of gooseflesh. It was as if the weather
  was testing her resolve. Ruth-Anne quickly locked the door and snapped the
  padlock in place. Once more, she had passed the point of no return and goaded
  by the chill, hurried to the train station stop and boarded the train to the
  Tall Oaks Mall stop. As she stepped onto the train, she caught the attention
  of several people, two men and a nun, in a moment of whimsy she sat next to
  the older looking of the men. She was wearing a red tartan skirt that reached
  her knees. Her blouse was such that her bra peeked out, that elicited a frown
  from the nun and a smile from the man she sat with. The man evidently enjoyed
  the sight, but made no other move. Her seat mate left at the stop just prior
  to the Mall. It was early enough that no one took his place. She exited the
  train and wrapped her arms about her, not that it helped much and went into
  The Tall Oaks Mall.  
The Mall was a single level and she had placed the key under a bench near
  the center of the mall. There were a gaggle women joggers who translated their
  disgust with shakes of the head and then looking straight ahead as though Ruth-Anne
  could be simply ignored. There were next to no men in the Mall at this hour
  and they were more interested in their power walks than her. She easily secured
  the key. Then it struck her, there were a couple of strategies as how to proceed
  from here. She could go to each mall and gather all the keys and then work
  through them all. The scenario of collecting all the keys first was certain,
  but would take a lot of time. If she chose to trust to her luck, the key she
  just picked up might fit the closest locker, or at least a closer one and cut
  down the time she was exposed. If she wasn't lucky, the amount of time it added
  was not terrible.  
Ruth-Anne chose the latter and started walking to the closest locker, which
  coincidently was located in the mall itself, it was in The Pines End Locker
  Garden &amp; Spa. Her card allowed her access and she walked to Locker 212
  and put the key in the lock and started to turn it and it stopped, the key
  was for a locker someplace else. So, she needed to try other lockers and she
  decided to go to the northern most locker It meant a chilly walk to the tram
  and an 18 minute ride to North Terminal Train Station. The public conveyances
  were beginning to become busy and the looks she was getting from the women
  were discomforting, but some of the looks of the men were downright humiliating.
  This time, she preferred the disapproval of the women to the leers of the men
  and sat next to a female rider. She pulled the top of her blouse closed and
  sat very chaste for the entire trip.  
She walked into the North Terminal Train Station and to Locker 212, she put
  the key in the slot and started to turn and it clicked open, she opened the
  locker took the envelope and took the two keys and put them safely in her handbag, "Well..." she
  thought to herself, "One down, eleven to go and at least this time luck was
  on my side.." She went to find the next tram and set her sights on The Hastings
  Mall, The train terminal was not very close to any of the malls and the ride
  to Hastings would take nine minutes. Once again, she was subject to scornful
  looks and ogling, worse yet, there were no seats and she had to stand next
  to an olive skinned man, who managed to brush up against her throughout the
  entire trip.  
She gratefully exited the train and walked to the mall quickly. It was not
  because it was overly cold, it had warmed up. She was feeling creepy about
  her situation. She had not been the center of the male's attention as potential
  prey before. The crowd she had run around with, were at least discreet and
  not prone to try very much without permission.  
The fact that the man standing next to her, managed to brush his hand against
  her body numerous times working towards the hem of her skirt, made Ruth-Anne
  feel helpless and it was only the fact that she made her exit to the mall that
  kept him from trying more. Ruth-Anne was really anxious to get out of this
  and she had a ways to go before she could get home. The key was secreted under
  a sofa located in the fourth level, it forced her to ride the escalator with
  the potential of some one trying to catch a peek Her skirt covered plenty and
  this trip was uneventful. She was surprised that no one paid a great deal of
  attention to her. A couple of teenage boys followed her around, but kept their
  distance.  
There was a Locker Garden located in this mall as well, The Princess Locker
  Garden &amp; Spa. She let herself in and out of sight from the adolescents.
  She walked to Locker 212 and tried it. No success. Much as it distressed her,
  the logical idea was to go South and work back and hope for a lucky draw again.
  It meant a forty-five minute train ride to The South Terminal Train Station.  
Ruth-Anne climbed onto the train and it was crowded again, actually, it was
  packed.. She found herself standing again and pushed against a large woman
  in front of her, two men on either side of her and someone behind her, that
  was confirmed as the train started moving, she felt a hand on her ass and they
  squeezed it, something just short of a pinch. This time, as wedged as she was,
  there was no way to ward off the unwelcome attention. Next, the unseen hand
  began to tease the back of her neck, this produced a gulp, as the light touch
  sent shivers down her spine. She tried to quash it, but it was like an electric
  current. It forced her to take a shallow breath. The touch vanished , then
  appeared again as she felt the hem of her skirt lift and her upper thigh felt
  the cooler air. Then, the unseen assailant, placed their hand on the back of
  her thigh and ran up to her panties. By now Ruth-Anne wanted to scream, but
  she couldn't, whoever was behind her was in total control and her only salvation
  was that her stop came up and she moved away from the train and the crowd,
  over to a wall. Her breath was shallow and the moistness between her legs betrayed
  her desire. It was incredible, she felt... all but raped, but her body egged
  her on. She took a few moments to gather herself.  
She walked to the Lockers in The South Terminal and walked to 212. Ruth-Anne
  slid the key in and twisted, nothing, she was not at the right place. She paced,
  this meant another trip on the train and she felt very exploitable on the train.
  As much as she didn't want to take the train, it was the only way to get anyplace
  fast enough. She couldn't drive and she had no money for a cab. She reasoned
  though that the trips up the line would not last much more than four minutes.
  She felt that this would be doable. There would not be time for anyone to work
  her into a position of a hand under her skirt. She walked to the station and
  decided that working up the line was the best plan.  
This train was not as full and she was back to glowering women and leering
  men. Each time she tried her key and it failed to open a locker. It happened
  six more times. Eventually, Ruth-Anne reached The Uptown Locker Garden &amp; Spa.
  As she approached Locker 212, she worried at the amount of time this had taken.
  Almost absent-minded she put the key in the slot and turned, the locker opened.
  She was alone in the dressing room. Quickly, she unzipped and stepped out of
  the skirt and rent it into pieces pulling out a small key, next she tore her
  blouse off and into pieces, the same with her bra and the children's panties
  she wore. She located the key in each item. She stood nude except for her white
  cotton over the knee socks and saddle shoes and soon they were off as well
  and everything was in the trash can. Ruth-Anne pulled out the gym bag and tried
  the first small key and it didn't work, but the next two did and from the bag
  she pulled out a blouse very similar to the one she just destroyed, a black
  lace bra, a green plaid skirt with matching over the calf socks and saddle
  shoes with bells woven into the laces. There were two envelopes in the gym
  bag, one contained two keys just like the one recovered at the train station
  and the second contained a pair of white cotton panties. Sewn in the material
  was a key for another gym bag.  
Ruth-Anne quickly donned the clothes and noticed that unlike the skirt she
  had just worn previously, this skirt was considerably shorter, six inches shorter
  to be precise. She showed quite a bit of leg and if she turned too quickly,
  her panties were readily displayed.. Two down ten to go.  
Feeling the band of time tightening she left and went directly to The Grande
  Mall. The key was under a plant box and she gave a real show getting that key.
  Ruth-Anne was in a quandary, Odds were in favor that the locker was further
  south, but it was coming up on noon and she had only collected four of the
  twenty-four keys. If she took the gamble that it was south and rode the train
  all the way there, she was exposed to rush hour crowds and possible manhandling.
  If she checked each locker place on the line and it turns out that she was
  wrong it would take more time again.  
Our self inflicted victim decided that she would bite the bullet and make
  the long trip to South Terminal Train Station for the second time and hoped
  that she would be close to the locker that the key would open. It was busy
  on the train again and this time she would have stood anyway, it being easier
  to have her skirt cover her underwear. It was a thirty-five minute ride and
  to Ruth-Anne's relief it was crowded, but she did not have anyone pawing her
  this time, but the strain of trying to guess who might have designs on her,
  was taking a toll. She debarked the train and walked quickly to Locker 212,
  slipped the key in and heard the pleasant click telling her that she had the
  right locker. She furtively looked around and removed the envelope and pulled
  the two keys out, eighteen more to go.  
Her next stop was Taylor's Lake Mall. Ruth-Anne had hidden the key on the
  ninth floor. The quickest way there was in the glass cage elevator and time
  was her enemy, so, short skirt or not, she got onto the car and rode up to
  the ninth floor. She was grateful that at least her underwear was covering
  her up. She hurried to the bench that she had taped the key under and reached
  under to get it. It wasn't there! Some panic began to grip her, she had been
  careful to hide the keys so that they were not evident to casual observers.
  She was clearly agitated.  
Then she heard a voice behind her say, "I wondered when someone would come
  looking." The voice was male, but not deep. It was nasal and had a feminine
  edge to it. She stood and faced the man. He stood about 5' 10&quot; and had
  a name badge that said "Terry" on it. Ruth-Anne's face was crimson red and
  she said, "What do you want?"  
"From you, honey, nothing, I hoped that I would catch a guy doing this and
  then I would have my way with him, but Sweetie, you are really not my type.
  You just don't have the plumbing I need." The man grinned, that made Ruth-Anne
  only more self-conscious. He reached into his pocket and handed her the locker
  key and turned away without saying anything else.  
Ruth-Anne stared at the key in her hand. The man had simply gave her the
  key and walked away disinterested. She was initially confused, but slowly she
  pieced the answer together. This place had been the scene of another or perhaps
  many other similar events, but all the others were male cross-dressers and "Terry" evidently
  would blackmail them into servicing him, but that meant... That meant that
  he needed the transvestites to bugger him. Ruth-Anne wasn't able to help him
  out there, so she got a free pass.  
She shivered at the possibilities, but then focused on her predicament, she
  mentally ran through the nine lockers left, Ruth-Anne decided that her best
  odds were to just hop from locker to locker going north up the line. That was
  what she did, first she rode to the St Charles Landing Mall and the lockers
  there. No luck. Next to Avalon Dale, again the key did not turn. Then to Tall
  Oaks Mall again and a second try in Pines End Garden Locker and Spa. She walked
  briskly to Locker 212 and it opened. She pulled the gym bag from the locker
  and proceeded to tear the clothes apart to get to the keys. As she tore the
  panties off, she noted a fair amount of fragrant moisture, the incident with "Terry" had
  left her with some unrealized results, that she had just now discovered. Again,
  she stood nude in the dressing area opening the gym bag, this time she dressed
  and discovered instead of knee socks there was thigh-high stockings and four
  inch high heels. The skirt was a plaid green again but a bit longer, the blouse
  was missing the top two buttons, the bra was a red and showed very clearly.
  She took the envelope with the panties and tore it open. She saw the shredded
  material and paused. The key that was supposed to be sewn into the panties
  was loose with the other two keys. She was going to walk with a bare crotch.  
Ruth-Anne dressed quickly, put the key for the padlock and the door from
  the locker in with the rest and carefully slipped the gym bag key into her
  handbag. She looked at the time and decided to continue north to the next mall,
  The Midtown Mall. There were two keys at that mall, one on the first floor
  and one on the fourth. She chose the first floor, she didn't want to give a
  show if she could avoid it. She went to the plant that she had put the key
  and reached tentatively for the key. It was right were she had left it. Ruth-Anne
  breathed out in relief, she took stock.  
The closest locker was at Transit Central Bus Haven, within walking distance,
  the looks she had been suffering were intensified by the addition of stockings
  and heels. She had to endure and ignore some fairly obscene propositions, one
  pervert in the mall grinned and said, "Hey girlie, want to suck on my lollipop?" Ruth-Anne
  didn't say anything and hurried away. As she walked quickly towards the Bus
  Haven, she noticed a group of four tough looking teenage boys following, but,
  they backed off fast as they ran into a mounted cop. The police officer looked
  at her outfit and said, "Just move on out of my area will you?" Ruth-Anne complied
  and walked into the bus terminal and straight to locker 212. She put the key
  in the slot and tried to turn, it didn't. It was going to be one of the other
  seven lockers. The problem was that three of them were north and three were
  south and there was another fifty minutes east, much as she hated the thought
  of a long ride out to the east it would only be longer if it were if she were
  to go north or south from here. Ruth-Anne resigned herself to the long journey
  to the East City Bus Haven.  
Ruth-Anne boarded the bus and found a seat in the back and slid into the
  corner covering herself the best she could. As the bus traveled it filled up
  quickly and a woman in a business suit sat next to her. Ruth-Anne relaxed,
  then a large woman forced herself into the seat and pressed everyone together.
  In a few moments, Ruth-Anne felt a definite squeeze of her breast, she was
  stuck looking out the window and could not tell where the attack was originating,
  She only knew that the kneading was driving her crazy and it was taking all
  her will power to keep from moaning. Whoever it was, they knew how to light
  a fire in a woman. Ruth-Anne waited for a hand to start working at the hem
  of her dress. It didn't though, Ruth-Anne felt the heat rise in her body. Her
  vision started to be hazy as she drifted into a sort of a sensually induced
  trance. She almost missed the announcement that the bus was arriving at the
  East City Bus Haven. Abruptly, the massage stopped and when the bus came to
  a stop and people started to file out and the press was relieved, Ruth-Anne
  stood and turned, only to be greeted by a wink from the woman that sat next
  her on the ride out. Ruth-Anne was bowled over by the realization that she
  was felt up by a fellow female.  
The line moved quickly and she did not have time to dwell on what just happened.
  She was into the terminal and straight to Locker 212. She placed the key in
  the slot and turned to the pleasant click of the locker opening. She retrieved
  the envelope and took the keys and looked for the next bus to the center of
  the city. The closest locker key was at the Midtown Mall, but it was located
  on the fourth floor, she looked at her wrist, but, there was no watch there,
  so she had to find a clock. When she did it told her that she was tight on
  the amount of time remaining before the first mall closed. She found the first
  bus bound back there and braced herself for the fifty minute ride. She needn't
  have worried, it was a sparsely ridden bus and the ride was uneventful.  
Ruth-Anne walked to the mall once more, her heels clicked against the pavement,
  so she drew more attention to herself and felt the stares. She did her best
  to ignore them and went directly in and to an escalator and rode it to the
  fourth floor, the key was hidden under the grating of a tree planted in ground
  cavity. She was forced to bend over and knew she was exposed to the public,
  although, just for seconds. She rushed away and to the escalator, As she rode
  it down, she ran through the locations of the remaining seven locked lockers.
  The closest was Transit Central, again. She walked there again, drawing attention,
  but, at least there were no hooligans and the mounted cop was elsewhere. For
  the second time today, she walked to the locker and tried the key. The locker
  remained stubbornly locked. The next decision was north or south, if she chose
  the wrong direction there was a good chance that she may be homeless for a
  night. She decided north so she took the bus north then realized that she had
  to transfer to a train to ride to the airport. The walk from the bus stop to
  the train station was disconcerting, some women made derogatory comments, plainly
  loud enough for her to hear and there were numerous come-ons from men, she
  just kept moving not answering anyone.  
She boarded the train to the airport and was relieved to see very few passengers.
  She found a solitary seat and rode the six minutes to Stanyard Airport . She
  got off and started walking. The lockers were located at the other end of the
  airport from the train station. She remembered that she had thought that it
  was one of the better pickles she dreamed up for herself. It was and it was
  almost painful, the click of her high heels on the tiled floor seemed to draw
  attention to her with every step. It tool almost ten minutes to arrive at the
  lockers. She found Locker 212 and put her key into the slot and turned. It
  opened. Ruth-Anne quickly extracted the envelope and tore it open while she
  walked. She fished the keys from inside it and dropped the empty envelope in
  a trash receptacle and made the ten minute trek to the train station.  
The next close mall was the train trip back and a change to the bus to Prestons
  Ford Mall. The six minute trip back was uncomfortable , but nothing bad happened.
  The key was in the central lobby of the mall taped under a bench. The key was
  easy to retrieve and she was on her way. She now had half the keys, but dared
  not take the chance that she had the right ones to gain entry into her house.
  There were two north of her and four south.  
She had to hope it was close so she caught the bus to Union Station. It was
  just before 4:00 pm and the bus was more crowded, but people seemed not to
  notice or at least act like they were not paying attention to her. The eight
  minute trip went quickly and she walked quickly to the lockers. No luck, the
  locker was not this one. The bus to Hastings Mall took only four minutes and
  she stood as a man and his wife or girl friend eyed her over. However, the
  unexpected thing was, the woman was smiling and the man was glowering. She
  didn't have time right now to digest what that meant, the Mall stop was here
  and she needed to get to the locker as quickly as possible. She entered the
  dressing area and walked to the locker and tried the key. It was not this locker
  either. She sighed, that meant the locker was south and there was going to
  be a longer ride and the train would be the fastest way to get there, and the
  train had been where she had found the most trouble. Still, time was more of
  an enemy than ever and she walked to the bus that would drop her off at the
  train station. She caught the train, it was mobbed and Ruth-Anne braced herself
  for the twenty minute train ride to Avalons Dale Mall. The Locker Garden was
  not in the Mall and was in fact next to the train station. She felt bodies
  press against her and she could not be sure whether someone was trying to take
  advantage of the situation or not, there were brushes that may have been a
  hint of aggression, but, she was unsure if it were people actually trying to
  cop a feel or just her new paranoia. The twenty minutes crawled by. Finally,
  she was at her stop and she raced to The Placid Garden Spa and into the dressing
  area. The key went into the lock and did not turn. Ruth-Anne groaned audibly,
  she had been at this for ten hours and she was only halfway done.  
She took a breath and turned to go to the bus that would take her to St.
  Charles Landing Mall. The ride was crowded again but, she found herself in
  the middle of a bunch of teen-age girls and the ride was actually comfortable.
  She dashed off the bus and into the mall then into the Locker Garden called
  The Peaceful Shadows Spa and Locker Garden. She was somewhat breathless as
  she walked into the dressing area there were about a dozen other women in there
  and the looks she got were almost lethal. She said nothing and walked to Locker
  212 and tried the key and it turned. The locker opened, as much as she wanted
  to rush, she couldn't. She had to wait until the last pair of left the dressing
  area. As soon as that happened, she was tearing her clothes off and into pieces.
  She got the keys and deposited the clothes, high heels and all into the trash.
  The first two keys unlocked the gym bag and she pulled out her outfit. It was
  a green plaid skirt, the same length as she had on now. She smiled, she was
  back to saddle shoes and matching calf socks.. She tore open the envelope and
  took out a red satin bra and panties set and the two keys. Ruth-Anne had not
  dressed so quickly since she was in high school gym class..  
She walked out into the mall and realized that this mall still had a key.
  It would save her time. The locker key was located on the ninth floor. This
  time she boldly rode the elevator up, there was no time for timidity. The key
  was where she left it in a stall in the ladies room, taped to a pipe overhead.
  Again, she was fortunate to not draw too much attention to herself, though
  there were a few other women in the room.  
Now there were only five possible places and only one was south of her, she
  had to take the chance and the trip was only about four minutes away so she
  headed to Taylors Lake again and the Southern Locker Garden. Ruth-Anne was
  well into rush hour and she was forced to stand. Once again there was bumping
  and the pressing of flesh, she felt helpless to do anything about her situation,
  she just had to endure it. As the train drew up to the station, she felt a
  sharp slap on her ass, someone had decided to let her know they were paying
  attention. She looked around quickly, but there was no way to tell, unless
  they wanted to reveal themselves and evidently they did not want to claim credit.
  This only added to the helplessness she felt.  
She walked to the Locker Garden and entered. She stopped in front of Locker
  212 and fit the key in. She twisted the key and it did not budge. Ruth-Anne
  was frantic and almost at tears. It seemed that the all the luck was against
  her now. She returned to the crowded train for the almost ten minute ride to
  Placid Gardens Spa. Other than the normal pressing there was no indication
  anyone was fondling her, but at this point she was just wanting to get through
  this and home tonight. She rushed off the train and walked to the Mall and
  to the Spa. She walked to Locker 212 for the second time today and for the
  second time the locker remained locked. There was no time to waste, she walked
  to the train station again and left for Transit Central. This time she batted
  a hand away from her tit. She tried to turn to see the culprit, but she could
  not see anything.  
She got off and caught the bus to the Bus Haven. She walked to the locker
  again quickly and turned the key in the lock. Locker 212 opened. Ruth-Anne
  tore open the envelope and secured the keys. She tossed the envelope at a trash
  can, but missed. She did not stop, she was on her way as fast as she could
  go.  
Again her choices were evenly divided, two north and two south. She determined
  to go north as the earliest closing locker was north. She was going to go directly
  to The Hastings Mall as it was the furthest Mall north. The rush hour meant
  being crushed into a mass of people and she felt she might as well have a target
  painted on her. She took the bus to the train station. She boarded the train
  for the twenty-four minute ride to The Hastings Mall. Once again, she was pressed
  to the point she could not move. To protect herself, she had placed her hands
  behind her back to fend off any hands wishing to wander under her dress, but
  in doing so. she trapped them back there. Some observant soul took note and
  just six minutes into the trip, someone was working on her breasts. She tried
  to muscle her arms free, but they were very pinned where they were. Ruth-Anne
  was going crazy, it took every ounce of self-control to keep from moaning right
  out loud. Instead, she just swallowed and moaned quietly, hopefully, quiet
  enough not to be noticed. After another twelve minutes of this sensuous hell,
  it abruptly stopped. She almost cried out loud "No, not now, don't stop now!" However,
  all that those around her heard was a mewling moan. It took the last six minutes
  of the trip to pull herself together. As she exited, the train someone commented, "How
  can they do it right there on the train? Jeez, she must have no inhibitions." To
  which the second voice spoke "Or no control, maybe she is being forced to do
  it." The first voice responded, "She looked like she was enjoying it way too
  much, no, there was nobody with a gun to that head, she wanted it." Suddenly,
  Ruth-Anne realized that the two women were talking about her. She shivered,
  realizing how successfully she was presented as a slut or worse. She did not
  stop to ponder it, time made her not focused on what others thought about her,
  but on retrieving the last keys and getting back home.  
Ruth-Anne took the elevator to the sixth floor, any modesty she had took
  a back seat to the urgency of her task. The key was taped on the underside
  of a empty mall cart, she was flashing her red satin panties, bu that did not
  concern her any longer, it was the end of the scene she wanted more than anything
  else. With the key in hand, she took the escalator, because the elevator was
  suddenly stopping at every floor, kids probably. Ruth-Anne had no time to wait,
  she needed to find the locker that went to this key.  
She went to the Princess Spa and Locker Garden. She let herself in and hoped
  against hope, but the key did not fit this Locker 212. There was no other option
  than just going south along the line. Union Station was next south and the
  key did not work there either. She went to the train station and just accepted
  that if she was manhandled, that was just the way it would have to be. Twenty-four
  minutes was the ride to the next locker. Ruth-Anne walked onto the train and
  found pleasantly that while crowded, it was not the crush of humanity she had
  experienced earlier. She at least had her arms free to defend herself. The
  ride on the train was not overly eventful and there was not anyone paying close
  attention to her, so, when she arrived at her station, she quickly ran to the
  next bus and rode to Avalons Dale Mall and to the Placid Garden Spa. She walked
  into the Spa and to Locker 212 and pushed the key in and turned. The locker
  swung open, fortunately, she was alone and she pulled out the gym bag. She
  tore her clothes apart and got the keys. She was a sight standing there in
  nothing but calf socks and saddle shoes. She realized that she had to change
  footwear too and quickly disposed of them as well. The skirt was a red plaid
  and shorter, the usual blouse and a white bra, it was matching calf socks and
  saddle shoes again. She tore open the envelope and groaned when the shredded
  material came out. To keep from exposing her bare cunt she would have to be
  careful. She took the keys and the extra bag key and dressed.  
Ruth-Anne had not gotten the key from The Avalons Dale Mall, yet. She walked
  directly to where the key was and got it from under a drinking fountain. She
  may have given a show but that was the least of her concerns right now there
  were three lockers and the best he could hope for was to go to Hastings again
  and catch the Princess Spa before they closed. It meant a trip north again
  but there was an express that if she hurried would get her there in ten minutes,
  instead of thirty.  
She caught the next shuttle to the train station and ran to catch the express.
  She boarded as the doors began to close. She reasoned that she had a one in
  three chance of being right and they were good odds. There were empty seats
  but Ruth-Anne elected to stand, not the least of the reasons was she was not
  sure she could keep herself covered if she did sit. The train moved quickly
  and Ruth-Anne tuned out the looks she was getting. As the train pulled into
  the station she needed, she found a shuttle to The Hastings Mall waiting and
  caught it. She headed directly to the Princess Spa and Locker Gardens. Once
  inside, she walked through the empty dressing room and to Locker 212. She hesitated
  and then pushed the key home and turned, the locker swung open. Immediately,
  she was tearing at her clothing, she got the keys and disposed of the ripped
  clothes and opened the gym bag, there was a long red plaid skirt another white
  bra and a blouse with the two top buttons missing, saddle shoes and matching
  plaid knee socks. She tore into the envelope and pulled out white cotton panties.
  Ruth-Anne began to dress when the manager came in, "Oh good you are almost
  dressed I need to lock up as soon as you are done. Just let me know when you
  are finished." Ruth-Anne nodded, and continued to dress. When she had heard
  the door start to open she had pushed all the tore up clothing into the gym
  bag. She finished dressing and took the gym bag this time and walked out to
  the Mall. She stopped and knocked on the door marked "MANAGER". The woman answered
  and thanked her.  
Ruth-Anne relaxed somewhat. She would get to next mall soon and that meant
  that she could make her schedule. The next mall south was Cavanaugh and the
  last was Muller Mall and Muller stayed open to 10:00 pm. The two lockers were
  in Union Station which ran 24/7 and The Southern Locker Garden that stayed
  open until 10:00 pm. She disposed of the gym bag in a dumpster and calmly walked
  to catch the next bus to Cavanaugh Mall. She sat close to the front and it
  seemed work. She had no trouble in the short trip. Ruth-Anne entered the mall
  and walked to where the key was. She stopped, the key was hidden on the small
  stage, but right now there was a woman playing Christmas music for the early
  Christmas shoppers. She stood there for twenty minutes, wondering what to do
  next. Her outfit was the least attention getting she had worn since she left
  her house, so she remained, in about forty minutes, the woman took her tip
  jar and put up a sign saying, "Break back in 10 minutes" Ruth-Anne waited until
  she was out of sight and quickly went behind the stage and recovered the key.  
She walked back out into the chilled air, the sun was down and the coolness
  of the season made her want to move faster. Close to the mall was Union Station
  and the bus to the train station only came every thirty minutes. She stood
  shivering for twenty-one minutes. She showed her pass and sat quickly, enjoying
  the warmth. When the bus arrived, she fairly ran into the station and to the
  locker. There was a fifty-fifty chance that it was the right locker, but, it
  wasn't. At least now she knew the rest of the agenda, she had to travel to
  Mullers Fort Mall to The Southern Locker Garden and Spa, to change for the
  last time and collect the key there and travel back to Union Station to collect
  the final key. The Train would get her there quickest, so, she boarded the
  local.  
The car was all but empty and the two couples were too interested in each
  other to notice Ruth-Anne. She rode without incident to the stop and was in
  luck that the shuttle to the Mall. The Southern Locker Garden was in the basement
  and she rode the escalator down. She strode into the Dressing area and there
  was no one there. She walked to Locker 212 and opened the locker. She pulled
  out the gym bag and methodically took apart the clothes until she had the keys
  of the bag. She ridded herself of the shoes and socks and opened the gym bag,
  the contents were: A very short green plaid skirt, a sheer see through blouse,
  a skimpy lavender bra, six inch white high heels and lacy white thigh high
  stockings. She tore open the envelope and winced. The panties were shredded,
  the gym bag key was useless, as there were no more gym bags. Worse yet, she
  had no covering for her pussy and the skirt covered very little and the footwear
  guaranteed she looked very much like a slut. She dressed and realized that
  the top of the stockings showed beneath the skirt. The heels guaranteed that
  she would have to move carefully. At this point, if Ruth-Anne would have had
  any alternative she would have used it, but she didn't.  
Ruth-Anne walked out of the Spa and into the mall. She was the instant point
  of focus and she went to the escalator mainly to get away from the attention
  of several men in the dining area there. The problem was that of course she
  was going to be showing a lot of skin going this route, Much as that made her
  squirm, it was the quickest way to get relief from the guys, they stood at
  the bottom of the escalator and watched. She cursed the fact that the key was
  on the top floor. Floor12. Whoever had the opportunity had a chance to see
  everything she had to offer from the waist down. Women would move their children
  out of her way and the looks that all the women gave her were humiliating.
  Words such as "whore" and "slut" were slung at her. By now, there was a substantial
  following of men. Most just wanted to take advantage of the show, others, no
  doubt hoped for more. Ruth-Anne just hurried. The key was hidden in the branch
  of an artificial tree on the top floor and she had to reach for it, much to
  the delight of her male audience. Once she had it she walked as fast as her
  tall heels allowed her to the elevator, She was followed in by several men.
  She moved to the back of the car, realizing too late, that she was now displayed
  to anyone below. In addition, there was a constant battle to keep hands around
  her away from her crotch. The trip down seemed to never end.  
At the first floor she exited and headed directly to the train shuttle bus.
  There were quite a few passengers on the shuttle as well as a couple of men
  from the mall that followed her here. She sat on the front, so, they wouldn't
  try anything in the bus. She rode with her knees tightly pressed together.
  When the bus pulled into the train station, she quickly exited the bus and
  was relieved to note that the men stayed on board, they weren't going to trail
  her further. The brief outfit did little for her in the chill of outside, her
  bare cunt just magnified the cold. Ruth-Anne walked as fast as the high heels
  allowed her into Union Station. As in the mall, it was impossible to look inconspicuous,
  the heels clacked and she was barely covered. Once again, Ruth-Anne was a target
  for suggestions and proposals of the most lewd sort. Any ferocious looks by
  women were lost in the milling group of males gathering around her. She wanted
  to get to the locker, but there was no way to get there with the entourage
  she had gained. She found a handy restroom and ducked into it, She found a
  stall and locked it. She had a modicum of privacy and she relaxed, she wanted
  to discourage the group of men waiting, so she waited a full ninety minutes.
  She looked at the image in the mirror and realized how smutty she really looked.  
Ruth-Anne peeked out of the ladies room and saw that the men did not wait
  her out. In fact, the station was not very busy at all. She didn't wait, she
  walked to the lockers and went to 212 and put the key in and opened the locker.
  She immediately took the envelope and tore it open and removed the last two
  keys. Her next task was going to be getting home and that meant she was going
  to ride a train to her starting point and walk home. She was not very happy
  about how she was dressed, but the only way to change out of them, was to get
  to her home. Furtively, she started to the platform for a train that would
  taker her home. She was tugging at the hem of the short skirt trying to cover
  herself, with little success. She earned the attention of several men on the
  platform. No one approached her, but their looks were plain enough.  
The train approached and with a surprise for Ruth-Anne. The train was packed.
  There had been a basketball game in town and it had let out sometime before
  and the celebrants were on their way to their respective homes. By the smell,
  there had been a fair amount of celebration by imbibing. She waded into the
  mass of people and found a place to stand, she held the strap with one hand
  and pulled down her skirt with the other. Her feeling of powerlessness weighed
  down on her. Ruth-Anne could only depend on luck to get home without being
  accosted.  
About four minutes into the seventy minute ride, it began. Somewhere behind
  her a hand snaked around to her left tit and began to play with it. Ruth-Anne
  was trapped, if she released the strap to swat the hand away, she very well
  could fall and pretty much show herself off to the whole train car. If she
  let go of the hem of her skirt she would show a lot as well. The fondling was
  beginning to tell on her. She almost spoke out loud when the hand pinched the
  breast. Slowly the hand worked down. Ruth-Anne worried that he... she assumed
  it was a man... was going for the glory. She was almost relieved when it sought
  to get inside her blouse. The hand brushed lightly against the skin of her
  side and rib cage traveling up to the breast. The fingers worked themselves
  under the elastic of the bra and onto the now sensitive surface of her breast.
  It was as though some sort of animal was undulating there and it was driving
  her to a real distraction. Her breath became ragged and she was again holding
  out against a betraying groan. The hand worked the bra up and over freeing
  the tit to the hand's attention. Whoever the owner of the hand was, they were
  determined to take full advantage.  
The fingers kneaded the flesh and squeezed the breast working Ruth-Anne to
  a frenzy, but still she did not move for fear of revealing the naked vagina.
  She gave the person tacit permission to continue. And continue they did. The
  hand worked itself into position. Suddenly, ruth-Anne felt he nipple closed
  between two fingers and then painfully pinched knob between them. She actually
  jumped and almost let loose of the strap. She recovered enough composure to
  remain standing as she was.  
Ruth-Anne's body was in the midst of something she had never imagined, she
  was sweating and her pussy was drenched. She found it hard to breath and her
  eyes were closed. This went had gone on for forty minutes, then suddenly the
  hand patted Ruth-Anne's breast like a pet or something and pulled out. She
  felt the slowing and several men from behind her exited. The violation of her
  breast was over. Still, the after effects were still holding Ruth-Anne's attention.
  Her eyes seemed distant to anyone who might of looked. It took the whole of
  the last thirty minutes, to come to her senses enough to recognize that she
  was at her stop.  
Three couples and herself got off the train and Ruth-Anne began the frigid
  walk to her house. She was not done yet, she still had to sort out the keys
  that would open the key boxes that would allow her in. The exceptionally high
  heels would not allow her to hurry and the brief attire assured her that this
  could soon become painful. She arrived at her house and went around to the
  side and started to try the keys, there was no art to it she just tried them,
  her inventiveness had left her. She going through many keys because there were
  six more keys than key boxes. The temperature dropped, so she was shivering
  when the first key box opened and paper clips fell out. She went to the next
  station and repeated the scene with eleven keys and like the first, only paper
  clips fell out. On to the third station with the same results, as she suspected
  the longer she stood in the cold the worse it became. Her skin hurt and to
  top it off, she had to pee in the worst way and after the fourth key box released
  no key, she gave up, walked to a somewhat hidden spot and squatted. There was
  no need to lift her skirt, she was bared the instant she was down. The process
  was uncomfortable and she felt her skin stinging as the wind started to pick
  up. When she finished she shook herself as clean as she could and looked for
  key box number five. It took a moment of fumbling as her numbing fingers opened
  the key box, Still all that was produced was paper clips. Despondent and hurting
  from the cold she made her was to the sixth key box. It was even harder to
  get the key into the keyhole . She twisted it open and she spied the larger
  object fall. It was the house key. Ruth-Anne had to go through all the key-boxes
  to get it.  
Now, the final bit of humiliation was left. Ruth-Anne made her way to the
  lighted front door , she still had to find the correct padlock key from the
  twelve she had. She was visibly shivering and her teeth were chattering. The
  cold wind felt as though it was driving needles into her skin. One, two, three
  keys, none turned. She continued on until the ninth key popped the padlock
  open. As quickly as she could, she put the house key up to unlock the door
  , but she dropped the key. She had to get on her hands and knees to look for
  it, now her bare ass and crotch were assaulted by the arctic-like wind. Finally,
  she found it and rose up not getting up from her knees and guided the key into
  the slot and gratefully felt the lock click open and Ruth-Anne just crawled
  into the house.  
Ruth-Anne kicked the high heels off and stood. She went immediately to the
  thermostat and set the temperature to ninety degrees. She huddled next to a
  heater vent and sighed and began to cry when the warm air began to blow on
  her blue tinged body. She cried because the warmth bit as harshly as the cold
  had to begin with, and then from the whole experience.  
Slowly, as she warmed, she began to move around. She went to the bathroom
  and drew a warm bath. As she disrobed, she observed a pungent smell, it was
  her own musk, from the misadventure on the way home. She bathed it away. Then,
  she went to the kitchen and pulled out anything she could eat without too much
  preparation. She had not eaten the entire time she was out, she had no money.
  Slowly, as she was fed and warm again. She considered the days events.  
Most reasonable people would review the different situations and draw the
  conclusion that the whole scheme was a horrible idea and leave the whole scene
  behind. In Ruth-Anne's mind though, it was an unqualified success. She had
  let the close calls and the physical abuse she endured drop from her mind.
  The humiliation seemed not worthy of review. Ruth-Anne was ecstatic, but she
  wanted more danger and a real penalty, if something went wrong. Tomorrow, she
  would look for the answers to her new challenge. Ruth-Anne was going ever closer
  to the abyss.  
 The Wheel Turns Again (Part 3)  
Ruth-Anne was addicted. Her daylong escapade in the city, did not quench
  her thirst for the thrill of risky behavior, quite the contrary, it stoked
  it. She pondered what the next step should be. What she desired was a situation
  with a much stronger penalty. The risk needed to be escalated exponentially.
  She had placed herself in a mental peril and to a lesser extent a physical
  peril, but, there was always a certain realization that she was protected from
  the worst consequences. Her venues had been secure. It had been in her home
  or in very public places like busses, trains, malls, etc . . .  
Ruth-Anne was nervous about where this idea led, if the penalty was played
  out, her body would certainly be abused and her life maybe forfeit as well.
  It was enough for her to pause in her activity and cool down. For a time, she
  even stayed away from the internet sites and began looking for new forms of
  amusement. The hiatus lasted for several months, but a feeling that she was
  missing out on something gnawed at her. She wanted to prove that she could
  control the situation even when she was restrained. Eventually, she returned
  to her old cyber-haunts to begin her plan.  
First, she returned to Service with a Smile and started listening as the
  girls describe the favorite methods of abuse of their afflictors. She disregarded
  flogging and whipping. She concentrated on forced sexual actions. She started
  to look other places and slowly drew herself a picture of the precise combination
  of restraint that would minimize her ability to defend herself and maximize
  a man's pleasure in using her body and that without regard to her comfort  
As Ruth-Anne began to visualize this bondage, her level of excitement rose.
  There were certain requirements. She would not have use of her arms and legs.
  The bondage must splay her open to give absolute access to her vagina, anus
  and mouth. She would have to be firmly blindfolded unable to see her attackers,
  so that they could use her body without compunction. She would need to be available
  to multiple assailants. She would be suspended to complete her defenselessness.  
The location would have to be in a place private enough that the men would
  feel safe from discovery by people but still be open enough to many passers
  by. There also had to be enough traffic to make the assault not isolated. It
  must be a place that she could stop access into, unless the penalty was triggered.
  Such a predicament not only was humiliating, but dangerous as well. This time,
  it did not slow her, but pushed her further.  
As she had done before, she threw herself into researching for the technology
  to allow her to attempt this. It was a daunting task, the restraints that would
  hold her in place existed, but were designed to be placed on the victim by
  a second person. The situation called fo her to restrain herself without aid.
  Ruth-Anne quickly devised a way to put her self into the rig, but stalled when
  faced with the problem of releasing herself.  
This continued for a few months. Ruth-Anne was becoming edgy, she wanted
  to move to the next level, but she wanted to be able to keep this a self-bondage
  scenario. She finally started to share her idea in some of the chat rooms she
  frequented. She was tentative and very close to the vest in the manner she
  approached chatters, eventually, she found an answer in a person who listened
  to her situation and said simply, "I believe it could be done." The chatter
  went by the handle of Techno-Slaver. The title gave Ruth-Anne pause, but, she
  was very curious as well. The statement held the promise of moving her to where
  she wanted to be. She thanked him and asked for a week to mull over the idea
  of moving forward and she would get back to him in this chat room. He readily
  agreed to this. She fretted over this turn of events, on the one hand, this
  meant that there was hope that she could fulfil her quest for the next level.
  On the other hand, this meant involving another player, that was a huge leap
  for her. For seven days, she debated with herself, finally she decided that
  she would find out what he wanted from this, first and then decide if it was
  worth the price.  
Ruth-Anne logged into the chat room at the end of the week and did not see
  Techno-Slaver signed in. She decided to wait around for a while and participated
  in the lively discussion of whether anyone should participate in a scene without
  the benefit of a safe word. Ruth-Anne took the side that yes it would be appropriate
  as long as there were a set time and predetermined level of torture. She rationalized
  that as long as the limits were set before hand, that the condition of the
  act must be consensual had been met. As stated before, it was a lively discussion
  that lasted for well over two hours. After that discussion turned in a different,
  direction she settled into the background to wait for Techno-Slaver to log
  in.  
It was more than four hours Ruth-Anne had been in the chat, when the handle
  finally, signed on. Quickly, she wrote "Welcome Techno-Slaver, private room?" He
  agreed and they entered a room locked for everyone but the two of them.  
The man started, "So, Unfulfilled, what have you decided?" Ruth-Anne did
  not beat around the bush, she was not naive enough to believe that he didn't
  want something for his information, she had been business too long not to know
  there would always be a price. If he required her real information or a meet,
  she would decline, otherwise . . . Well, she would decide then.  
She answered, simply, "What is your price?" There was a long pause, long
  enough that she asked if he was still there.  
He answered quickly, "Price, what do you mean?"  
Ruth-Anne replied, "You never get something for nothing, I just want to know
  what it will cost me to get the information, that's all."  
Techno-Slaver paused again, not as long this time, and wrote, "That's fair
  I guess. I want pictures of the session."  
Now it was Ruth-Anne's turn to pause, she had been prepared to turn down
  a request for information or a meet and frankly, that is what she expected.
  The request for pictures was unexpected. She turned the thought over in her
  mind, she would be blindfolded so her anonymity would remain intact. She was
  going to video the session anyway, so she would have the means to pay up. She
  mulled it over and came to the same conclusion many different ways, this was
  an acceptable price. So, she wrote, "Ok, that sounds reasonable. What is your
  idea?"  
What came next stunned Ruth-Anne, Techno-Slaver wrote, "Actually, I was going
  to make the rig for you." Ruth-Anne was silent in the room for several minutes.
  She was totally unprepared for this. His proposal was far past interesting
  now. It was extremely enticing.  
She wrote, "How would this happen?"  
Techno-Slaver wrote, "We will have to set it up so that I send it from a
  blind address to a blind address, that way we won't lose the security of not
  knowing who and where. I will manufacture the rig and send it to you anonymously.
  You will test it and verify that it works, I suggest that you test on a dummy
  of some sort. I will need to know your measurements, height, weight etc. So,
  I can engineer it correctly. This is of course, only, if you want to go on
  with this." He was good, and he seemed to be genuine in his offer and if he
  was just playing around, she would not be revealed to anyone. Ruth-Anne could
  see very few down sides and a multitude of reasons to try.  
Ruth-Anne wrote, "Ok, let's try this. What do we do now? ."  
Techno-Slaver wrote, " I need your physical information. If you have it now,
  fine. If not, you will need to get that data to me. Also, you will need a blind
  email, I have one it is . . . " There was an exchange of information. He said
  that it would be at least three weeks before he could get back with her. It
  would take that much time to build the dummy, then he would keep her updated
  about once a week. He suggested that she find, first, a place to test the equipment
  securely, until she was assured that it was safe to go forward. Ruth-Anne was
  taken, the man was being very accommodating and seemed to answer any questions,
  even if she asked the same questions several times, if she felt good to go
  forward. She assured him that she was satisfied with the arrangement.  
Ruth-Anne had solved one major roadblock and now tackled the next, where
  to test this rig and where to actually put the plan in action. She had a lot
  on her plate for the next few weeks, herself and she did not want to be unprepared.
  She made several visits to other chat rooms to get help on how to set up her
  penalty. Her evenings were filled with fun chat for the next three weeks. Her
  days, on the other hand, were filled with researching and vetting venues that
  she needed. After about two weeks she had found and secured the sites she would
  need and began writing the premise of her next challenge and how to bring it
  off. In her research she discovered that she would have to abandon her beloved
  O ring gag, in favor of a dental apparatus that would hold her mouth open sufficiently
  for any size cock to enter her orally. The blindfold could be a black scarf
  that could be secured in place with adhesive. And the instructions she gave
  for the rig would make her open in her cunt and asshole. She settled down to
  ordering the dental gag and some enticing clothing. All of that was for her
  benefit, she, of course, would never need to worry about anyone entering any
  of her orifices, because that would only happen if she had to face the penalty
  and she was very certain that it wouldn't happen. So, she merrily continued
  with her plans waiting for Techno-Slaver to indicate he was ready to start
  the next phase.  
There was a regular Rave Party that moved from area to area in the city where
  she lived. It was always held in empty warehouses in the industrial sections
  of town. They were self policing, so the Police seldom increased their presence
  in the areas. She had followed the schedule on the internet and saw that there
  were seldom changes in the schedule. These events were ideal for her purposes,
  as there was a fair amount of inebriated and/or stoned men wandering the vicinity.
  She figured that she could find a smaller warehouse next to or close to the
  Rave site and that meant that she had her penalty set. She had rented a test
  area and built the mechanisms and tested them, as well as making sure they
  could be transported by a petite woman. Ruth-Anne waited impatiently for Techno-Slaver
  to contact her and announce that the unit was ready.  
Someone that saw what Ruth-Anne had designed and built would have said that
  she should have been an engineer. The whole set up was a wonder and she was
  able to transport, set up and disassemble the thing by herself. The counterweight
  was especially well done because it used water to make the penalty happen.
  She had tested it several times with her attached to the mechanism via a pulley.
  It smoothly and slowly pulled her up off her feet and then after the second
  trigger it lowered her again. Afer a few practice runs she was confident in
  its reliability.  
At three weeks, Techno-Slaver wrote to say that he wanted to test it for
  one more week and asked Ruth-Anne to be patient. Ruth-Anne was tempted to write
  something about keeping deadlines, but thought better of it, after all, he
  was trying to be thorough on her behalf. So she acknowledged the email and
  paced in her home.  
Finally, he wrote, "I am satisfied it will work as described. I have the
  blind address, has it changed?" She quickly replied no and the matter was settled
  he would send it the next day and she would meet him in a chatroom and they
  would go over the operation. Three days later, the packages arrived; she unloaded
  them and checked everything out. The she found him in one of his usual haunts
  and took him to a private room. He explained the mechanism, "I assume you have
  tried it on for size etc.?" She answered yes. "Ok, " he continued, "The release
  is accomplished by a 3-stage trigger mechanism, each locking point has three
  duplicate locks, any one of them will be enough to hold you secure without
  you being able to escape. The reason for the redundancy is that the secondary
  release portion has worked 100% of the time due to the way I designed it the
  initial sequence has had some misfires. Any major malfunction will trip the
  release mechanism that has two ways to fire it, electronically and mechanically,
  you need only to set up a release that allows the panic release cord after
  a short period of time. Also, there is a chance that one of the locks may fire
  early, another reason for redundancy. Anyway, I included enough cartridges
  of CO2 and the triggers to last you several years, but I did include a list
  of places that you could get more." He continued on and when they were satisfied
  she understood her harness, he changed directions, "You know, I have had second
  thoughts about this . . . scene, ever since I sent the rig off, there are too
  many other things that can go wrong, even if the harness works perfectly."  
"Oh!" She wrote, "Not so convinced of your design and manufacture?"  
"No,: He replied, "Just concerned, I think you are one of the brightest women
  I have been able to have a conversation that makes sense and I just wouldn't
  anything bad to happen that's all."  
She chided him and assured him that she had the entire scene totally under
  control and with that they parted.  
Ruth-Anne would remember this chatroom conversation sooner than she realized.
  The following weeks were spent in testing the harness and retesting the harness
  until she felt that she had mastered all the ins and outs. Techno-Slaver had
  been very considerate, the harness was a perfect fit and while it was uncomfortable
  to be in its embrace it was possible to be in it for many hours. The locking
  mechanism worked as advertised and actually better than Techno-Slaver had described.
  After two weeks of intensive testing, she felt she was ready to go. The scene
  would happen on the same night as the Rave Dance happened. It was to be held
  in a warehouse deep in the Industrial District. She had gotten a smaller warehouse
  next to the building the Rave was in. The scene went like this: She would lock
  herself in bondage, she would hold the penalty cord. The bondage would last
  until 4am, about the time the last partygoers left the area, she had studied
  the routines very carefully. As long as she held onto the penalty cord, she
  would lay bound on the cold cement floor. If she let go of it, then the real
  things would start to happen. First, a weight would pull a plug in a container
  of water that would spill into another container that was attached to a rope
  to the harness and her hair. She called this the penalty container . This did
  two things, it unlocked the door to her warehouse with numerous amorous people
  wandering the alley that the door opened into. It also pulled her off the ground
  and available for rape. Her mouth would be held open by a dental device. The
  harness would hold her in place and Techno-Slaver had included an optional
  lock she could use for her hair. Naturally, she chose to use it. She had done
  a practice run in her secure environment. The angle her head was held, pulled
  into place by her hair binding, made a straight shot from her mouth to her
  throat. In this position, she was a sex doll for all intents and purposes.  
This of course didn't bother Ruth-Anne because she was certain that the penalty
  would never happen . . . She arrived that evening and proceeded to ready herself
  for the night, it was early in March and the floor was cold, it would make
  for an uncomfortable night. She put on the dental gag and forced opened her
  mouth to a show a gap of 2 inches. The harness was designed to fall into place
  once she positioned herself in it. She took the penalty cord and wrapped it
  around her hand. And then allowed her favored trigger, the candle and cord,
  do the rest. The first trigger armed the penalty cord and she felt the weight
  pull on the cord, if she let go now, the weight would fall and the plug holding
  the water in the container above her harness container and the sequence would
  begin.  
She tugged on the cord that fired her locks into place, there was a quick
  noise and she felt held. Actually, the harness covered very little of her,
  it also ensured that her legs were spread open. The lock points were each of
  her ankles attached to the corresponding thigh, her elbows and her wrists.
  She could squirm and wiggle but she was held for the duration until the mechanism
  for the release fired. It was 10:00 p.m. so it was going to be an uncomfortable
  six hours. She unwound the penalty cord so that she had to hold it. She knew
  that she could hold it for 10 hours, so she was not overly concerned. The hours
  crept by finally, she heard the locks release and she climbed out of the harness
  and tied off the penalty cord, so she could disarm the mechanism. The first
  ordeal was a success.  
Ruth-Anne continued to do the same thing every month in conjunction with
  the Rave Dance. She made some refinements. If the penalty was triggered, it
  turned all the lights in th building off and put a spot directly on her. She
  liked that touch. She added some signs with suggestions on the abuse of her
  body and placed them strategically close by and then she put in cameras all
  over. On the July Rave she added a blindfold. Through the summer months the
  discomfort was less as the floor was not terribly cold. It wasn't until September's
  Rave that if felt chilled again. By September she had endured six before and
  that one as well making seven. It almost seemed disappointing until she could
  her the beat of dancing music and raucous revelers so close to her, She would
  jump when someone would pound on the door because of the lights being on, and
  her heart raced. But that was what made the whole thing worth it to her.  
October's Rave was always the largest of the year and it was always held
  on the 31st, Halloween. To keep in the spirit of the occasion, she got a peasant
  girl costume with a hat and the long pantaloon underwear, with a slit for convenience,
  to wear. The skirt was longer than usual but that actually would insulate her
  thighs better than her regular skirt. The harness worked well, there were the
  occasional failures but nothing that wasn't. She had altered her usual pattern
  last month and seemed to work, she only used a single lock on her hair. It
  saved some time because the hair was the thing that took the most time. The
  temperature was cooler than usual and so it looked like a particularly uncomfortable
  night. Ruth-Anne changed into her costume, made sure of everything Then put
  in the gag, but this time to make sure she was in some pain she forced the
  oral gap to 2 &frac12; inches. It actually stretched her jaw. She put on the
  blindfold and then attached the lock for her hair, next she climbed into the
  harness, she was well practiced now. She wrapped her penalty cord around her
  hand and pulled the trigger and it worked again. She was bound into position,
  the floor seemed colder than usual but that was part of the ordeal she would
  just have to endure it. She settled in for her eighth ordeal of the twelve
  she had planned.  
Perhaps there really is a goddess called Nemesis, maybe there is something
  to hubris, maybe she had just played the wrong side of the odds for too long.
  Whatever the reason this night Halloween night was to be the undoing of her
  plans. Appropriately, it was a bat that changed the course of things. The poor
  beast was just waking for its nocturnal hunt and had taken to wing when its
  wing encountered the penalty cord and instantly with a scream it was falling,
  barely catching itself before hitting the ground. Ruth-Anne's plight was not
  as fortunate, the encounter ripped the cord from her hand and the weight dropped.
  The shock of the incident kept her from realizing her real plight until she
  heard the water pouring into the penalty container. She knew now her fate and
  she knew the mechanisms would work. She had triggered the penalty by losing
  the cord and the rules were not going to be broken tonight.  
Slowly the slack was taken up and she was lifted off the ground swaying in
  the air. The rope attached to her hair forced her chin up. She was raised three
  and a half feet into the air, around her were step stools, boxes and other
  things that made certain that a man's cock could reach all the available places.
  She heard the lighting switch and knew she was now the star of this place.
  As she felt the upward progress stop. She heard a sickening click. The spring
  loaded hinges swung the door open.  
Ruth-Anne heard the music clearer and swallowed the door stood wide open,
  it was about 11:30 p.m. and immediately it caught the attention of a reveler.
  He peeked in the door, as fortune would have it he was alone at the party and
  so he walked into the warehouse and saw Ruth-Anne ready for duty.  
"Sweet Mother Mary, what have we here?" It did not take him a lot of time
  to take his pleasure, he pulled a box up and stood on the thing and pulled
  her dress up and puzzled over the odd lingerie. Then, he saw the slit and opened
  Ruth-Anne up for his use, He knew what he wanted right away and he started
  to force a finger into her anus, Ruth-Anne screamed or as best she could the
  noise that came out was unintelligible. He worked to weaken the sphincter and
  worked the second finger in, confident that he had worried the virgin asshole
  enough, he took his hard cock and began to force his way into her. Slowly and
  painfully he pushed in until he was into the hilt. Ruth-Anne was sobbing and
  squirming to no avail. She was officially not a virgin anymore, at least not
  anally. He humped her ass until he shot his load, then he pulled out and wiped
  his cock on her dress.  
The next partakers were a pair of guys, more traditional in their lust. One
  pulled up a step stool and stood to launch into her mouth pushing in trying
  to make his cock grow to fill her mouth. The other one stood on the box and
  found her cunt and pushed in, not mindful of Ruth-Anne's virginity, he was
  already hard from the festivities. There had been Viagra available at the party,
  so when he rammed it home, Ruth-Anne's hymen was destroyed instantly and painfully,
  any thought of pleasure for her was ripped from her quickly, there was not
  much of a chance for her to achieve orgasm, most of these guys were primed
  and ready to shoot the moment they were in her. Rape was maybe not the most
  apt description or maybe it was. It was difficult to know whether they were
  simply taking advantage of something she wanted or not, but she was not in
  a position to do anything about it. There was no shortage of takers for her
  suggestions set up around her. Each rapist would dutifully inform his friends
  like a worker bee. There were moments between that allowed her to sob to herself.
  She hurt and her emotional state was in a nose dive. Then, seemingly to add
  injury to insult, her hair lock failed and dropped her face down and knocked
  her unconscious for a while. When she was aware enough to realize what was
  happening, she felt someone's hard dick in the vagina working away. The skirt
  of her dress fell down and hid her face and now, she was just a handy hole
  to them. They paraded in one after another and made their deposit. In all there
  were forty-two guys. That had invaded her ass, her mouth and her cunt. She
  counted them on the tape. Thirty-one of them raped her vaginally. Forty-two
  had used here and not one of them attempted to help her. She hated every one
  of them. But she did not blame them, this was her responsibility alone.  
At 4:00 a.m. the candle burned through the cord and the water flowed out
  of the penalty container and she was gently lowered to the floor and like clockwork,
  Techno-Slaver's harness released her right on time. She crawled out of the
  thing and sat on the ground in her soiled costume and grieved for her virginity
  and cursed her stupidity. She wanted to blame Techno-Slaver, but she remembered
  that he had misgivings. He had actually tried to talk her out of doing it.
  Unlike, those bastards that had used her, even, though it was at her invitation,
  not one of them even tried to see if she were willing. Finally, in the days
  that followed, she came to terms with whom ultimately was responsible for the
  whole thing, it was her arrogance. She was so certain that she could control
  the situation 100% of the time.  
Needless, to say, that was her last, adventure in self-bondage. However,
  that was not be the end of it. She did not return to the chat rooms, but she
  finally, did track down Techno-Slaver. She discovered that his name was Gerard
  Platt of Platt Engineering. I took some talking, but, he agreed to meet her
  in a park near his office. Ruth-Anne sat waiting for him on the bench, the
  package sat next her, she watched for his face, it was on the company's website.
  When she saw that face, she smiled and stood to greet him. They had actually
  talked for a couple of months now. Ruth-Anne had told him almost everything
  about that night. He bemoaned the fact that he should never have agreed to
  build it. She pushed that aside and told him, that he could not be held responsible
  for her actually using it.  
"Is that it? Gerard asked.  
"Yes, it is. I brought it back to you because I was afraid that it might
  fall into the wrong hands and I am sure you can deal with it better than I." She
  spoke plainly.  
Platt nodded, "I will take care of it. Is there anything else I can do perhaps?
  We can get some therapy to help you through this?" Ruth-Anne took his hand
  and spoke, "No I don't need therapy, Gerard, but if you want to do something,
  you can."  
"Name it." Clearly, he still felt responsible.  
"You are a dear man, Gerard. What you can do for me is in six months: Own
  me."  
"Ruth-Anne what are you talking about?" He was confused if the look on his
  face was any indication.  
"It is really simple, silly, I have screwed up my life with myself as its
  owner, but I believe I have something to give. So, I need someone who can control
  me and that means I must become their property. The only one in this whole
  sordid mess that did right by me was you. Ergo, you are the one to which I
  need to offer myself." Ruth-Anne spoke as though it was the most natural thing
  to be talking about.  
Gerard countered, "I really didn't see me as the marrying kind . . . "  
"No, I will be your property. You still can have a sex life with whom you
  will, but if you wan sex from me, I would be your property and you would have
  use of my body, it would be up to you, I will become your property just like
  in ancient Rome or Greece. To keep or sell use as you will, whip, torture or
  even kill me. That is the arrangement, marriage is not going to be required.
  Nor do you owe me any kindness for that matter. You will do with me what you
  want do to me." She smiled, even as she described her probable servitude.  
"Ok, but then why six months why not right now?" He questioned her.  
Ruth-Anne actually grinned this time and opened her coat to show her protruding
  belly, "Another Halloween gift, twins. A boy and a girl, according to the DNA
  they have taken, they are both white. I will arrange to have them adopted and
  then I will come to you for disposition. It seems fitting that I do this instead
  of aborting them, it was my stupidity, not their fault, brought his about,
  so we have to put this off for six months. Then, I am the property of Techno-Slaver."  
"No!" Gerard said with force. "You do it now or you do not do it ever, you
  become my property now!"  
Ruth-Anne was taken aback. She actually shrank away from him. He smiled and
  replied, "Listen, you need me now, I can see that. You will have the twins
  and we will raise them. You will become my wife and that is settled. Everything
  else will be the same you will become my property to do with as I see fit and
  if I want something on the side you won't have a say in it. That understood?"  
Ruth-Anne was overwhelmed by the domination and simply nodded her acceptance.  
"No, that's not good enough, say it out loud right now."  
Ruth-Anne could no more not obey than fly, "From this minute onto the moment
  I die, I am Gerard Platt's property. He can do with me what he will and I have
  no say in what he can do."  
Gerard smiled, picked up the package and gathered her to him not in the least
  of a menacing manner and started to walk her back to his office.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pangent617


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





