BDSM Library - Deep Space




Deep Space
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sci-fi jaunt that has women abducted and enslaved. Chapter 1   
"Professor Jocelyn Peabody slipped the flask back into the incubator.
      The experiment appeared to be proceeding well. The effects of cosmic radiation
      seemed much as predicted but she would need to check the culture in another
      four hours to be sure. She noted the time on her clipboard and waited as
      the panel door from the laboratory hissed open. She pushed a loose blonde
      hair back into place and stepped out into the corridor.   
As she headed along the gangway, towards her cabin, she was suddenly
      aware of another presence, something watching her, something near.   
She turned, caught a glimpse of a single green tentacle and then,
      catching her heel in the steel grating of the gangway, fell backwards on
      the steel platform, knocking the breath from her body, and letting her
      clipboard spin from her grasp.   
Before she could scream the beast was upon her. One tentacle pinioned
      her wrists above her head, another snaked across her face, the rim of a
      sucker encircling her lips in an obscene alien kiss. As she gasped to breathe,
      a fleshy proboscis erupted from the centre of the sucker, pressing between
      her teeth and filling her mouth, preventing the slightest cry.   
She could see nothing beyond the bulk of the warty green flesh
      of the tentacle that pressed across her mouth but felt another tentacle
      encircle her waist, pinioning her to the walkway and others locking her
      ankles, first left then right, against the stanchions of the walkway hand
      rails.   
As she struggled and tried in vain to scream, choking against the
      creature's fleshy gag, a single yellow eye rose over her like a malevolent,
      watery, sun. Beneath it a sharp, parrot like beak, snicked menacingly,
      sulphurous-smelling drool, dripping from it as a grey, scaly, tongue darted
      back and forth.   
Peabody watched in terror as the eye sank back behind the tentacle
      once more, then heard the sharp click of the beak as she felt it snatch
      at the buttons of her lab coat and then her blouse. As the beak snatched
      and tore at her clothes, cold drips of the sulphurous saliva fell across
      her breasts. She felt as much as heard the beast give a grunt, seemingly
      of satisfaction. Then, her wrists still locked immobile, her waist still
      clamped to the floor, the tentacles about her ankles loosened and their
      tips began probing upwards, along her stocking clad calves and on, beneath
      the hem of her skirt.   
As she tried to struggle she felt the tentacle across her mouth
      stiffen locking her head rigidly. Two smaller tendrils snaked up towards
      her forehead, latching on to her temple with smaller suckers. As the suckers
      attached the beast could see every emotion, every sensation that the Professor
      was experiencing as it explored her body. And Professor Peabody could see
into the mind of the beast, its every lust and desire clear.    
Still trying to scream, her terror given voice by her vision of
the beast's intentions, Professor Peabody fainted&hellip;."   
Navigation Officer - 3 rd  Class, Garan Duufrig
  was stirred from his reading by the insistent flash of an amber lamp on the
  panel in front of him. He let go the copy of Astounding Stories, letting it
  hang in zero gravity just where he left it. "Huurr," he thought as he turned
  to the panel. "Always at a good bit&hellip;" Duufrig loved these space romances,
  though why the heroine was always a pasty earth girl with only four limbs,
  he never could work out. Still they knew how to give a guy a good time and
  that was the main thing.  


Chapter 2   
"Hey, that was close!" Kelli Failtie exclaimed as the skimmer skated around
  the edge of a giant bluestone butte and dropped down towards the plain below.  
"You stick to your 'scope and let me worry about missing the mountains," grinned
  her companion. "I slid us in past that freighter easy enough, didn't I?" Shana
  Wilson was an expert skimmer pilot but sometimes Kelli felt she pushed her
  luck -their luck &ndash; just a bit too far for comfort. It was bad enough
  that they were definitely off limits here &ndash; the planet was supposed to
  be a conservation area &ndash; they didn't need to pick up a dent in the skimmer
  as well. "Any sign of it?"  
Shana eased the skimmer back onto a flat trajectory. The head-up display
  gave her a readout of speed, altitude, g-force and fuel remaining. All looked
  good. Kelli's job was to watch for the targets. She picked up an echo on her
  scope and called the range. "It's back on the board," she said, "about 5 clicks
  at ten o'clock. Below us and moving up."  
The blip on Kelli's scope was a farang &ndash; one of the last of the giant
  flying lizard creatures in this part of the galaxy. It was a protected species,
  of course. You couldn't kill one but that didn't stop folk stalking them for
  the sport of a high speed chase. Pursuing a farang in full flight could be
  guaranteed to give you the ride of your life around the peaks and valleys of
  this barren planet. Some of the space agencies were getting hacked off with
  the problems that folk could get into on these deep space safaris but that
  didn't stop them &ndash; for thrill seekers like Kelli and Shana a farang chase
  presented the ultimate challenge to pilot and navigator alike.  
"Four clicks, eleven o'clock, moving right. You should have it visual, now," Kelli
  called.  
"No &ndash; no - no," Shana answered, "Ah, got it! Whee!" The skimmer pulled
  around as the farang darted right. Kelli kelt the blood drain to her feet as
  the G kicked in followed by the kick in the back from the boosters as Shana
  engaged more power to follow the farang down into the canyon ahead. "One point
  four clicks, one point two, one, point eight." Shana called the range from
  the HUD as they closed on the farang.  
"Camera gun running," confirmed Kelli, "this'll be one for the album."  
"Point four, point three, point &ndash; SHIT!"  
"What the?" Kelli looked up from her scope to see a cliff wall skimming close
  by the cockpit canopy as Shana pulled the craft hard up and over to the left.
  They cleared the wall of the canyon as the farang drove off to the right.  
"Its OK," called Shana, "the stupid beast ducked on the fly-by, must have
  been scared by skimmers before. I missed it though and .." &ndash; BANG &ndash; "Oh,
  no!"  
"Loosing power on all units," called Kelli, "I thought you said you missed
  it! Altitude's unwinding and so is the speed, but I guess you've spotted that."  
"Sure I missed it. It's just that it didn't miss me. The tail clipped us
  as we pulled up. I can keep the skimmer flat but the ground looks pretty lumpy." She
  paused. "Oh, double shit!!"  
There was another thunderous bang as the skimmer clipped the ground, the
  left stabilizer dug in and span them around, burning off what remaining forward
  momentum they had. With a juddering and a hissing whine from the skimmer's
  dieing engine, the craft slid to a halt.  
"Are you OK?"  
"Ugh. I think so. All the bits that should move seem to."  
"Come on then Kelli, suit up and let's get out!" urged Shana. Kelli needed
  no second telling, she was already into to her evac suit and cranking on her
  helmet, tucking her long auburn hair into it. Once Shana pulled her own suit
  and helmet on, Kelli pulled the jettison lever on the cockpit wall and the
  canopy cracked open and slid back. The two girls managed to get clear of the
  wreck as the skimmer's hull cracked in half as the left hand engine pod slid
  down the slope to explode at the foot of another bluestone butte.  
The two girls looked back at what was left of their skimmer. "I guess we
  had better hope that there is someone awake on that freighter after all," said
  Kelli dragging a survival pack from the wreckage. "Let's start up the mayday
  beacon and hope they hear it."  
Chapter 3    
"Steve Perron picked his way through the debris of the wrecked
      laboratory. He held his ray gun at the ready. It was clear that someone
      had stopped at nothing in their search for the cultures. The incubator
      had been smashed. The flasks had gone. Someone had got what they came for.
      Someone, or something. The door on the far side was wrenched from its frame.
      What ever had done this had used considerable force. Steve kept his finger
      on the trigger of the ray gun as he edged through the gap where the door
      had been.    
   
As he cleared the door way he saw Jocelyn's shoe, the heel still
      jammed in the walkway. He knew now that there was more than a wrecked laboratory
      to worry about. He found the professor moments later still sprawled on
      the walkway. Perron knew at once he was dealing with a sline beast attack.
      He should have guessed from the stench of sulphur in the lab but the slumped
      form of the scientist confirmed it.    
   
Jocelyn lay on her back, eyes wide open, mouth wide open, her body
      rigid with terror. Perron crouched beside her. He could tell that she was
      still breathing but Perron knew there would be no chance of reviving her
      yet &ndash; that would take many days, if they could succeed at all. Her
      mouth was ringed with the characteristic scaly callus left behind by a
      sline beast's sucker kiss - she would have almost choked on the fleshy
      gag. Two small burns on Jocelyn's forehead showed where the sline beast's
      probes had attached themselves.    
   
The beast's motive in its attack was clear - Peabody's lab coat
      was torn open and her blouse ripped; her skirt was torn from hem to hip,
      laying bare her legs. Almost every inch of her flesh was covered with v-shaped
      peck marks from the beast's beak, each drawing a small bead of blood at
      the tip of the v; behind each peck, a purple mark from the tongue. There
      was nothing that Steve could do for her, she needed medical attention.
      All he could do was to summon a crash team, warning them to be on the look
      out for the beast.   
   
Perron could see where the beast had gone - a trail of silver encrustation
      tracked along an adjoining gangway. He followed it towards the science
      bay's air lock. There he found the second victim.    
   
He didn't recognise her but the name tag on the tattered remains
      of her Space Corps tunic told him it was Technical Officer Karen Shaw &ndash; she
      must have been working at the air lock when the beast attacked.   
A red wheal up one side of her head showed that the creature had
      struck out from a distance with a tentacle, knocking her unconscious with
      a single whip like blow. From what Perron knew of sline beasts this would
      have been calculated just to render its victim helpless. He could imagine
      the creature winding its tentacles around the young officer's body. Sucker
      calluses spiralling up her legs and around her body showed how it had done
      this. Then it would have attached its tendrils to her forehead &ndash; Shaw
      bore the same burn marks as Peabody had - and waited until she recovered
      consciousness, delighting in its victim's terror as she awoke.   
   
Perron could only imagine what it must have been like for the young
      girl, waking to feel her body locked in the rigid embrace of the sline
      beast's tentacles, seeing the horrific yellow eye and the creature's beak,
      and then, worst of all, seeing inside the creature's alien mind, every
      carnal lust revealed   
   
Shaw's lips were surrounded by the same callus that showed she
      had been gagged just as Peabody was. The choking effect of the gagging
      flesh would have been made worse by the way in which the creature would
      have responded to every whimper and groan. Each muffled cry would have
      served only to heighten its arousal as Shaw would have realised from her
      horrific insight into the sline beast's mind. It was no surprise that her
      mouth gaped and eyes stared wide in terror just as those of the scientist
      had.    
   
The beast had evidently taken its time, confident that it had surprised
      both its victims and aroused no attention. It appeared to have been fascinated
      by Shaw's body. Her tunic had been shredded by the creature's beak. Perron
      could see how the sleeves of her tunic had burst at the seams as tentacles
      had pushed their way up them. Her underwear had been stripped away as well.
      If he had thought about it, Perron might have appreciated the sline beast's
      enthusiasm for its victim but he was more concerned to help her and to
      track down the attacker.    
   
Shaw's torso was covered with tiny sucker calluses, obviously the
      creature had probed every corner of her body with the very tips of its
      tentacles. Her breasts and belly were blemished by beak and tongue marks,
      as were her neck and thighs.   
   
But in time the beast had finished. Discarding the girl beside
      the airlock door, it had left the base - the trail of silver slime showed
      its path into the airlock and from there it would have gone out into the
      airless expanse of the dead planet beyond.    
   
Steve Perron put in another call for a medical team to attend to
      Shaw but now the problems really started. How had the dammed thing got
      into the science bay in the first place?....."   
Garan Duufrig was distracted again. The amber lamp had turned red and was
  flashing more urgently than before. He flipped the magazine away impatiently,
  leaving it floating in zero-g behind him. He pressed the reset button a few
  times and then tried ignoring it for a while. The lamp carried on flashing.
  He'd have to do something about it and that meant he wouldn't be spending much
  time thinking about the delights of a tentacular embrace with Technical Officer
  Shaw.  
He hit the intercom button on the panel. A view screen showing the warty
  face of the helmsman flickered into life. "Navigation Station," Duufrig announced, "I've
  got a mayday from the planet surface."  
Chapter 4   
Kelli and Shana were crouched beside the remains of the skimmer, looking
  disconsolately across the planet's bleak, blue-grey, rock strewn landscape.
  Kelli had the locator-sender in her hand. It couldn't handle sub-space speech
  transmissions but at least it gave them some hope of rescue. Kelli was conserving
  power by only scanning for a response every half hour so, when she did pick
  up the incoming craft, it was almost in visual range.  
"Come on Shana," she cheered. "Looks like there was someone awake up there
  after all. Better make ourselves presentable, they should be over that ridge
  any second."  
Shana got to her feet just as the craft crested the ridge that their skimmer
  had hit. Compared with the sleek silver skimmer, the incoming craft had nothing
  of elegance about it. It was a shabby, grey coloured, box surrounded by pipes,
  cable runs and antennae. Three padded feet extended on hydraulic legs as the
  craft hissed to a standstill overhead. It began to settle down to the surface.
  It was perhaps five times the size of the skimmer and twenty times uglier.
  However, as Shana and Kelli both realized it had one thing going for it. It
  had working engines and showed every sign of being their passport off the planet.  
A door slid open and a ramp extended out of the craft's belly. Two tracked
  robots equipped with articulated arms emerged and trundled down on to the planet's
  surface. A stalk carrying what appeared to be a camera extended out from the
  top of one of the robots and appeared to survey the scene. The two girls waited
  while, with flashing lights the two robots appeared to communicate with their
  mother ship. Then, ignoring the girls, the machines headed across to the skimmer
  and began cutting it up and carting the pieces back into the belly of the craft.
  The girls watched, puzzled, as the last piece of the engine pod was hauled
  from the gulley into which it had fallen. One of the tracked robots withdrew
  up the ramp. The other circled in front of Kelli and Shana. It gestured towards
  the crafts hold with a wave of one of its arms.  
"Not much of a conversationalist," Shana joked.  
"I think we can live with it, I thought they were going to take the wreckage
  and leave us behind," Kelli replied as the two stepped up the ramp into the
  belly of the craft. Pieces of the skimmer were strapped to the walls of the
  hold but at the far end were two seats. Kelli and Shana claimed them as the
  second robot followed them into the hold. Each slipped into their seat harness.
  They fastened and tightened their lap and shoulder straps in preparation for
  take off. Arm and ankle restraints clicked out from the couches to protect
  them from sudden changes in g-force. The ramp slid up and with clunking from
  the craft's landing pads and a slow hiss from the engines as they overcame
  the planet's relatively weak gravitational field, the craft took off.  
After the skimmer, progress in the shuttle was slow but soon the girls were
  aware of hissing and deceleration as the craft slowed. Kelli's locator sender
  showed that the craft they were on was approaching a much larger one. "Here
  comes our ride home," she chirped, showing Shana the display on the device. "Must
  be that freighter we passed on the way in." The two blips on the display merged
  as the craft docked and the hold doors on the shuttle once again hissed open.  
It was then that Kelli tried to release her harness. "Dammed harness release
  is jammed," she called across to Shana. "Give me a hand out, can you?"  
"Sorry, girl. Mine's stuck too," Shana replied. "Stupid thing should quick
  release."  
The two girls continued to struggle with the seat restraints, not hearing
  the entry doors to the shuttle's bay hiss open. Moments later they looked up
  to see two lobster-like creatures standing beside them.  
Kelli's comment summed it up. "Oh shit, Gnarriots."  
"Welcome aboard, ladies," the taller of the two intoned. "Perhaps you'd like
  to join us in the main ship. These shuttles are so cramped, don't you think?"  
"Do we get a choice?" Shana was still struggling with her seat restraints.  
"No, not really," the Gnarriot came back. "You could of course stay here
  and see how soon you loose enough weight to slip out of those cuffs but I wouldn't
  recommend it. I think it will be better if you come with us, now." The creature
  gestured with the weapon it held in one of its claws.  
"OK, we'll come quietly," said Kelli.  
"Excellent. Now, if you will just raise your hands in the approved manner," the
  taller Gnarriot flicked one of its feelers down to each of the seats in turn
  and pressed a button to the rear. The arm and leg restraints clipped open and
  the harness buckle opened. Each girl got to her feet and raised her hands above
  her head. The two Gnarriots marched them towards the exit doors.  
Kelli and Shana had a drill agreed for a situation like this. Go along with
  things until you get the first chance. Then yell "Go!" and make a break for
  it. They got half way along the corridor from the shuttle bay when Shana spotted
  a half open door. Maybe another corridor that could lead back to the bay and
  then off in the shuttle. She got as far as forming "Go!" in her mind when a
  Gnarriot feeler snaked out and gripped her around the throat. Her hands went
  up to grasp at the leathery tendril as she fell choking to her knees. Kelli
  went to help her and earned the same treatment from the other Gnarriot.  
"Stupid move ladies," the taller one snarled. "Don't try to think you can
  do anything like that again. You Sol planet girls are all really good telepathic
  emitters, even if you can't hear it yourselves. Now hands up again, please,
  and let's go."  
The girls were pulled back to their feet by the feelers around their throats
  and the two lobster creatures pushed them forward along the corridor and down
  to the cells that were to become their new home.  
Inside the cell the Gnarriots confronted their captives. "Take off the evac
  suits please. We'll need to put them through decontamination."  
Faced with a wave of encouragement from the Gnarriot's weapons the two girls
  complied. "And the rest of your clothes too, please. We don't wish to take
  chances."  
"Sure and you don't mind getting to clock our bodies, either," thought Kelli
  as she stripped of the tee shirt, shorts, bra and pants she'd been wearing.  
The taller Gnarriott turned towards her. "Please remember, we can hear what
  you're thinking," he said. "I can't say I object to seeing your body but I
  prefer my own kind, if you don't mind. Not that I am species-ist or anything.
  So just get naked. If you're worrying about anyone 'clocking' your body, you'd
  better talk to your friend."  
"Hey, you shit," spat Shana who had already stripped off her shirt and cut
  offs.  
"You'll get over it," the other Gnariott retorted, gathering up their clothes. "Like
  I say, if you don't want us to know, don't even think it. Don't go away." He
  slammed the door as the two of them left. The girls heard the bolts on the
  outside clang into place.  
The two girls sat down on the cold steel bench that ran along the back wall
  of the cell. The lights went out, plunging the cell into total blackness. "Oh,
  Kelli, I'm so sorry," said Shana to her friend.  
"Hey, what's to worry about? I think I've got a great bod. Why shouldn't
  you like it? You never said, though."  
"I didn't mean about that. I meant about the crash. It was all my fault."  
"Yeah, sure. And you pushed me into the skimmer at gun point too. Look, don't
  worry about it, it isn't going to help. We've got to look out for each other.
  Hey, come here." She reached for her friend in the darkness and the two grasped
  at each other for comfort. As they held each other, comfort turned to something
  else. Soon the two were kissing with an urgency and passion. "Hey," said Shana,
  pulling back for a moment, "what do you mean - I never said. Am I wrong or
  are you as keen about this as I am."  
"Let's just say we're both scared right now and we need each other."  
Garan Duufrig leant forward at the console peering intently. For once he
  was pleased with his assignment though he hadn't thought much of it when they
  had called him down from the navigation deck. He turned up the gain on the
  infra-red surveillance camera. Maybe guard duty wasn't too bad after all he
  thought. It's not often you get the chance to watch a couple of human females
  going at it together. Sure beats the hell out of Astounding Stories, he grinned.  
Chapter 5   
"Nursing Officer Jane Hibron sat reading in the medi-centre, one
      ear open for the slightest change in regular bleeps coming from the monitors
      attached to her two patients. Joceyln Peabody and Karen Shaw lay in their
      cots under heavy sedation. A drug induced sleep had been prescribed as
      the only likely way to allow their minds to recover from the terrifying
      shock of the sline beast's attacks. In spite of the heavy dosage, every
      so often one of the girls would stir and shudder as deep in their minds
      they relived the horror. They had been quiet for almost an hour now. Perhaps
      this was a good sign, Jane thought.   

She put down her book, smoothed down her white uniform tunic and
      crossed the room to note down the readings from their monitors on the girl's
      records. As she reached the professor's bedside she felt a peculiar sensation,
      an awareness of another presence in the medi-centre, a slight pungent,
      sulphurous smell. A moment later Jane's feet were pulled from under her
      by something grasping her ankles from behind.    

Jane fell back against the cot, hitting her head against the frame.
      Stunned, she could offer no resistance as she realised she was in the grip
      of the beast that had attacked her patients. A tentacle was wrapped about
      her ankles and another about her chest fixing her arms in place. The beast
      drew her up until she was directly facing the single eye and the beast's
      beak. Still dazed by the speed of the attack she began to try to struggle
      against the beast's grip. The single eye stared at her, seemingly puzzled
      by her efforts. Another tentacle reached out to grip her head.   

Suddenly the beast gave a short grunt, a blob of material shot
      from a vent just above the beast's beak, striking Jane in the face, covering
      her mouth. She tried to shake it free but felt it setting to a rubbery
      firmness. She tried to open her mouth but the rubbery material held it
      shut. The beast continued to watch as she struggled. Seeming to be satisfied
      that she could not free herself from the glutinous gag, the creature released
      the tentacle around her head and shot another blob of material onto her
      chest. Jane looked down as the creature reached for the blob with the tip
      of a tentacle and drew out a filament from it, pulling it out as a long
      fibre. The sline beast wound the fibre around and around her chest, locking
      her arms to her sides. Another blob was deposited on her thigh and a filament
      drawn out around her legs and ankles. Slowly she felt the fibres stiffen
      and tighten fixing her in an ever more secure grip. The beast placed her
      on the floor of the room and watched her struggles for a moment or two
      more, then happy that she could not free herself, it turned its attentions
      to the two patients.   

The beast slid over to the two cots where the barely conscious
      women lay. It knocked aside the drip stands and tore off the monitor sensors,
      starting bleeping alarms that at once alarmed the beast. It pulled away
      the sheets that covered each of the women and then set to cocooning them
      just as it had Jane. With Jocelyn and Karen bound helplessly in the rubbery
      filaments it lifted itself up into the ceiling space through a broken panel.
      Reaching down with its tentacles it picked up each of its captives in turn
      and drew them up after it. All that remained of the three was a white mule
      that had fallen from Jane's foot as she had been dragged into the ceiling
      space.   
    
Attracted by the sound of the alarms, Steve Perron came running
      into the medi-bay, ray gun at the ready. "Great heavens," he exclaimed
      as he surveyed the scene, picking over the debris and finding Jane's discarded,
      white mule. "The thing has obviously got back in and claimed its previous
      victims as well as the nurse. We have to find them and find it before it
      strikes again."   

Madeleine Perron sat down at the dressing table in her cabin. She
      had about half an hour, she thought, before she and Steve would need to
      head off for their dinner. Being entertained by the Base Commander didn't
      happen very often and it was an excuse to get dressed up and have a really
      good evening. Steve ought to be back by now but he usually rolled up with
      hardly any time to spare. Somehow, though, he could throw on his dress
      uniform in a couple of minutes but still look great. For Madeleine though
      it took a little longer.   

As she went to pickup the jar of hair gel to make the last few
      touches she noticed a dribble of goo on the table top. She didn't remember
      spilling anything.   

It smelled foul too &ndash; it certainly wasn't any of her stuff.
      Then another drip. It seemed to be coming from the ceiling. Better call
      maintenance, she thought, looks like there's a leaking pipe up there.   

Madeleine was pretty happy with how she looked. The dress was stunning.
      Golden, tight and off the shoulders, its 20  th   century,
      retro, look would certainly turn some heads. Her neck piece was eye catching
      too &ndash; a necklet of solid gold. Steve would be proud of her.   

She heard a noise behind her, but carried on peering into the mirror.
      Her eye make up was taking a lot of fixing.    

"Hi, honey," she called. "I won't be long. Your uniform's on the
      bed."    

She felt a soft touch on her shoulder.   

"Oh, not now lover," she said smiling. "There'll be plenty of time
      to play later."   

The touch moved down across her back and started to draw down the
      zipper of her dress. "Come on, Steve, cut it out!" She span around on her
      stool, saw a warty green tentacle stretching down from a hole in the ceiling
      and, almost at once, let out a piercing scream and struck out at the tentacle
      with her hair curling tongs.   

Startled by the sudden noise and the blow, the sline beast reacted.
      The tentacle swung around and caught Madeleine across the forehead, leaving
      a bright red wheal and stunning her into silence. She slid from the stool,
      half conscious. Grunting in annoyance, the beast wrapped a tentacle around
      her waist and pulled her unconscious form up into the ceiling space.   

Following the trail of the beast up above the medi-centre, Steve
      Perron had worked his way into the gap between the ceiling and the roof
      of the cave that the base had been built into. He'd had no idea that this
      other world existed above their heads, a world of pipes and ducting, insulation,
      discarded packing cases and construction debris. Walkways were in place
      to allow access to the service ducts and wiring and the trail of the beast
      was heading along one toward the accommodation block and the far wall of
      the base.   

Steve eased himself as quietly as he could along the walkway until
      he could finally see the back wall of the cave. There alongside a bright
      yellow outcrop of sulphurous rock he could see the sline beast and its
      victims.   
Peabody and Shaw were still cocooned in the sline creature's rubbery
      ropes. He had them hanging suspended from the roof of the cave, held up
      by a harness like arrangement of the excretion that left them swaying helplessly.
      Both still appeared to be unconscious as far as Perron could see but whether
      that was the continuing effect of the medication or something else, he
      could not tell.    

Nurse Hibron was very much conscious however. She had been fastened
      standing against one of the pillars that stretched down from the roof of
      the cave and into the base below but was still struggling against the bonds
      that held her. The fronds were evidently composed of some sulphurous material.
      Where they criss-crossed her body chemicals were leeching out from the
      material staining her white nurse's tunic a violent yellow. She had been
      unable to dislodge the gag of material that plastered the lower part of
      her face and could only whimper as she fought against her bonds. At least,
      thought Perron, the creature has done no more than capturing her.    

Beyond her, the beast seemed distracted by something else. As it
      reared up Steve realised it had found another victim. Then, as the helpless
      woman rolled over trying to escape the clutches of the beast, he realised
      the sline creature's latest captive was his own wife.   

Perron's ray gun spat a stream of violet particles at the beast,
      striking it on the back of its head. Its tentacles unwound from its captive,
      it staggered back and turned to face its attacker. Perron's wife, freed
      from the grip of the sline beast crawled away from the creature and huddled
      behind a packing case, pulling the tattered remnants of her dress together
      as best she could to cover herself. 'Steve,' she called. 'Kill it! Kill
      the monster!'    

The ray gun throbbed in Steve's hand as the energy cell recharged.
      A second stream of particles shot from the barrel. The beast reared up
      and then collapsed, its tentacles slid to the floor, twitched and were
      still. Madeleine leapt to her husband's side. 'Oh Steve, thank heavens,'
      she cried. He grasped her as they both stared at the corpse of the sline
      beast. 'Let's get the folk back to the medi-centre,' he smiled. 'Then you're
      going to need to freshen up. I think we've got a dinner to go to.'   

Madeleine threw her arms about his neck and kissed him."   
"What's the point of a romantic story with an unhappy ending," thought Duufrig,
  tossing the magazine aside in disgust. The cover had shown the sline beast
  stripping away Madeleine's evening gown with the nurse trussed helplessly in
  the background. You'd have thought he'd have ended up with one or other of
  them. All these magazines ffinished like that though. He couldn't understand
  it. Why wasn't fiction more like real life?  
Chapter 6   
In the steel cell that had become their new home, Kelli and Shana sat, naked,
  staring at the featureless walls. They had been able to sleep on a raised bench
  on the far side of the cell for a while but then the ceiling lights had come
  on again making any further sleep impossible. Every so often a small video
  scanner set into the ceiling swung around making it obvious to the girls that
  they were being observed.  
Beside the scanner, up in the ceiling, behind a grill, a loudspeaker crackled
  into life. "You two, on your feet, face the wall, hands behind your heads," a
  metallic voice commanded. Kelli looked at Shana, shrugged her shoulders and
  got to her feet. Her friend followed suit. Behind them, they heard the clang
  of the cell door bolts being pulled back.  
"Good girls. Do as you are told, just like that, and things will be much
  easier. Here's some food for you, ladies." The voice was that of the taller
  of the two Gnarriotts that had pulled them from the shuttle.  
"You finished with our clothes yet?" Shana called over her shoulder.  
"Ah, regrettably, they proved too contaminated. I am afraid we had to destroy
  them. We will try to provide something later but as you know we have no need
  of clothing so it may take some time."  
"That's OK we weren't planning on going out anytime soon.."  
"Very wise. That would be a good long term plan, too."  
Kelli and Shana heard the cell door slam and the bolts shoot back. They turned
  around to see a pair of plastic dishes placed on the floor by the door. Shana
  peered down at the food. "Think it's OK?" she asked her friend.  
"Can't see why it wouldn't be," Kelli replied. They've got us shut up in
  here They can do pretty much what they like, I guess. There's no mileage in
  giving us anything bad, is there?"  
"I guess not. Who cares anyway? I'm starving." Shana hadn't eaten for over
  twelve hours, she reckoned, and the bowl of fruits and bread were just too
  tempting. She fell to one of them with enthusiasm, burying her face in a bright
  orange squash, rather like the melons they cultivated on her own home planet.
  Kelli joined her and soon the bowls were emptied. "Well the beds aren't too
  good in this hotel but the food's all right," she quipped. She turned to her
  friend and then burst into tears, "Oh, Shana, it's no good, I can't go on being
  cheerful about this. What ever will happen to us?"  
"It's OK, Kelli," Shana replied, "I'm scared too. We'll look out for each
  other." The two of them sat back on their bench, hugging each other.  
It was about four hours later when the speaker crackled again, "On your feet,
  face the wall, hands behind your heads."  
"I guess the waiter's coming to clear the plates after all," said Shana,
  getting up off the floor. "I don't suppose there's any chance of a beer," she
  called out as the two of them took up the prescribed position.  
Again they heard the bolts click back but this time the two girls also heard
  mechanical clicks and whirs as two robots slid into the cell. Kelli and Shana
  suddenly felt steel bands snaking around their foreheads, upper arms, waists
  and ankles. "Hey, what now," cried Kelli as the bands tightened and she felt
  herself being pulled back against a cold steel plate. She tried to turn her
  head to see what was happening but it was locked in place against the plate.
  She could not move her arms or legs and her body was held immobile by the band
  across her waist. . The plate began to tilt backwards until she was lying horizontally,
  staring at the featureless ceiling of the cell. She could just see from the
  corner of her eye that Shana had suffered the same fate.  
She heard others enter the room with the characteristic sound of a Gnarriott's
  exo-skeleton creaking as one part articulated on another. A tall Gnariott appeared
  at her side, towering over her. "Ladies," he said, "allow me to introduce myself
  I am Protector Gnarff of Forgwin5a and this is my vessel. Welcome on board.
  I'm sorry I was not able to greet you sooner but I am sure you understand -
  pressures of command, that sort of thing. Nevertheless I am pleased that I
  listened to the recommendations of my crew. It was certainly worth the trip
  down here." One of Gnarff's feelers snaked out and brushed across Shana's naked
  breast and then along Kelli's thighs. "Yes, very much worth the trip. You will
  both do very well." Both girls shuddered at the Gnarriott's attentions. "I
  am sorry, though. I am afraid we cannot spend time together just now. I just
  wanted to introduce you to my associate here," Gnarff waved a claw gesturing
  behind Kelli's head, "she will look after your for the time being. We will
  get together again later. Oh, and ladies, you have obviously forgotten that
  you are still emitting telepathically. I can understand your distress at your
  present situation but you should really learn to be more charitable towards
  your rescuers."  
Shana had been thinking what a deviant, repellent creature Gnarff was. In
  the face of his smug remarks she let go with a stream of invective. "Rescuers!
  You bastard! What sort of rescuer would keep us locked up and naked?" she spat. "Let
  us go, you shit and get back in the fish tank where you belong!"  
"You don't need to say it, dear. You'd already thought it. I'm sorry I had
  to hear it as well but no matter, it's not a problem that will continue." Gnarff
  gave a wave of a claw and turned to speak to the other. "Excellent," he said, "they
  will certainly do. Please carry on." Kelli and Shana listened as Gnarff creaked
  from the room.  
Moments later Gnarff was replaced in the girls' line of sight by a woman
  wearing a white, medic's scrubs. Kelli was vaguely aware of how pale the woman
  looked with her white blond hair piled up on the back of her head under a cap.
  She bent down and reached under the steel plate that Shana was locked to. As
  Kelli watched, she stood up again clutching a hypodermic needle and with her
  face covered by a surgical mask.  
Kelli's last sensations as the needle went in to her arm were the sight of
  the woman's pink, albino, eyes peering at her over the mask and the scream
  of defiance from Shana who was to follow her into unconsciousness.  
Chapter 7   
The Federation Cruiser "Thallaxapod" hung broodingly alongside the Gnarriott
  freighter, its sleek lines contrasting with the grin bulk of Gnarff's craft.
  A reinforced docking tube snaked across the short gap between the two ships.  
Garan Duufrig watched from his console as the Federation Envoy and his entourage
  came on board the freighter through the main airlock. Too much stamping, saluting,
  fawning and gesturing he thought as the Guard of Honour drew their various
  numbers of limbs to attention. Two hours they'd spent cleaning out the airlock
  to get rid of the smell from the last visitors. Two hours cleaning and all
  of twenty seconds for the Federation Treaty &amp; Trade Ambassador and his
  party to pass through. Still, now they were off to the top deck and since the
  ship wouldn't be going anywhere for a bit, Garan reckoned he could spend some
  more time with romantic tales of Peabody, Shaw and their like.  
In his Stateroom, His Excellency, Farrin Gnarff, Lord High Protector of the
  Planet Forgwin5a, lounged back on his couch and summoned the delegation towards
  him. They stopped short of the dais on which the Protector was relaxing with
  two of his "attendants".  
"Your Excellency," said the first of the delegation, Ambassador Taylor, with
  an air of deference, "it is good of you to see us."  
"We are always pleased to see representatives of the Federation." Gnarff
  gave as much of a smile as his leathern skin would allow. Like all of the lobster-like
  Gnarriot species his body was covered in a stiff, mahogany-coloured exo-skeleton.
  Facial expression was not their strong point. It was, the Ambassador thought,
  what made the Gnarriot so difficult to negotiate with. And of course it was
  hopeless playing poker against them.  
Ambassador Taylor kept his thoughts to himself though and settled for an
  anodyne expression of interest in Gnarff's well-being. "I must say that I am
  surprised to see your Excellency travelling on such a vessel. Would not the
  Imperial Yacht be more appropriate?"  
"Well my yacht is, of course both comfortable and fast, but my visit to this
  corner of the galaxy demands a rather larger craft. But do not concern yourself
  for my comfort. I have been able to equip it with many of the consolations
  that I find so agreeable as a compensation for the work and pressure." He gestured
  to the two girls sitting on the floor before him. "I'm sure you have your own
  compensations, Ambassador?"  
"Oh yes, your Excellency," Taylor responded, "though not perhaps such exotic
  ones as you can command. I am surprised to see them here though. I thought
  that Forgwin5a, your planet, was moving towards ratifying the Federation's
  treaty on the suppression of slavery. Is that not the case?  
"Well you must understand that we have signed the intergalactic agreements
  but there are, I think, some differences in definitions between our position
  and that of our partners in the Federation."  
"And what definition do these "attendants" of yours fall into?"  
"A splendid example, my dear Ambassador. These two young ladies would not
  be here but for our enlightened views on salvage. Isn't that so, girls?" Gnarff
  reached out with one spiny tendril brushing it beneath the chin of the red
  headed girl kneeling at his right side. She turned to face the delegation and
  nodded slowly. "They were part of the salvage of a crashed skimmer on an off-limits
  planet. If we hadn't recovered their craft and themselves we would have been
  party to a further deterioration in the planet's eco system. That would have
  been in direct contravention of our responsibilities under earlier Federation
  treaties, I am sure you realise.  
The Ambassador looked across at the girl. He might argue with the logic of
  Gnarff;s case but he couldn't fault his choice of an attendant. Her red hair
  had been elaborately dressed in a series of lacquered curls that mimicked the
  head dresses of Gnarriot females. Her dress had been carefully constructed
  to make the most of her figure, Her waist was held in by the boning of a reddish-brown
  leather bodice but her breasts were held up, presented almost on a shelf. The
  skirt was short, barely covering her buttocks and fell open at the front, exposing
  her sex.  
Gnarff expounded, "After all they can recover the cost of their salvage &ndash; we
  encourage them to earn their keep. They retain their identities &ndash; see
  we have even mark them to ensure there is no confusion." He gestured with the
  same tendril towards a tattoo reading 'Sol5gGirlKelli006' above the girl's
  right breast. "This one is achieving many credits by pleasuring me."  
"And in practice how many achieve their freedom?"  
"Ah, well, that is hardly our fault, is it? Their earnings have to be offset
  by the costs of their keep and accommodation on any craft such as this is inevitably
  expensive."  
"No doubt that is why you keep them in chains; to protect your investment?" Kelli
  wore both wrist and ankle chains and a long slim chain from a nose ring that
  ran to a link on Gnarff's belt.  
"Indeed, indeed, and of course a ship such as this is a dangerous place.
  These two have already discovered the risks in space travel. They have to be
  protected from their own folly, don't you agree?"  
"I quite see your point of view, Excellency," Taylor went on, "but it is
  the suppression of slavery treaty that I need to discuss with you. There are
  those that feel Forgwin5a has acted in violation of the spirit of this treaty,
  that some of your traders still pursue the slave trade, that your government
  does little to prevent their practices. Some say that you prey on the weak
  and the failing in our galaxy."  
Gnarff lifted his head. If he was irritated by the ambassador's words he
  did nothing to reveal it. "Those are strong accusations, Ambassador. We are
  a simple tribe, we are anxious to support and promote conservation across the
  Galaxy. We seek only to protect some of those tribes and peoples on the fringes
  of the Federation that are threatened with extinction. We study and research
  those we take into our care so we can understand better how to help preserve
  their cultures."  
"And does that include the women of Sol3a?"  
"Come commander, you must know that they are one of the most threatened of
  all. We would hardly be facing up to our responsibilities if we did not do
  something to help preserve them. I am sure that the Federation's Intelligence
  Service has told you that we have some of our conservation project on board
  this very ship. We have nothing to hide in this matter, you know."  
Taylor could see that Gnarff had been annoyed by the developments in the
  conversation. "Excellency, I only seek to avoid misunderstanding in the dealings
  between Forgwin and the Federation."  
"Of course, Ambassador. You must excuse my reactions, so often it seems that
  our motives are misunderstood. Now gentlemen, if you are staying perhaps you
  can tour our facilities? Or perhaps you would like some recreation. This piece
  of salvage, for example," Gnarff gestured to the other girl at his side, "I
  am sure you would like to earn some more credits wouldn't you, my dear?"  
The girl gave the same slow nod as her companion. Her head was completely
  shaved and she wore no clothing at all, just the same wrist cuffs, anklets
  and nose ring as her companion. The Ambassador saw from her tattoo that she
  was a planet sister of the other girl. Presumably they had been captured together.
  But the tattoo reading 'Sol5gGirlShana002' was not the only mark she bore.
  The Ambassador could see her thighs were criss-crossed with welts each set
  at short intervals with a ball shaped mark. The welts matched the form of Gnarff's
  tendrils. Evidently he was not above ensuring that they earned their credits
  in ways that met his needs.  
"Can they not speak for themselves?" Ambassador Taylor asked.  
"Ah, unfortunately, no. See." He used one of his tendrils to lift the girl's
  chin. A bright red scar crossed the top of her throat. "I fear that these girls
  were too talkative for me. It's their only drawback. They are also powerful
  telepath emitters too. The combination is intolerable and I am happy with just
  the telepath emissions. As a result we remove their tongues and their larynx.
  It does make it difficult for them to communicate one with another but we cope.
  I can interpret if your telepathic skills are not sufficient. Their sense of
  isolation, however, does give them an extreme willingness to please whoever
  they serve. I can make a curtained cubicle available if you would prefer some
  privacy."  
Taylor choked back his thoughts on the barbarity of what had been done to
  the girls. "Ah, thank you your, Excellency, I don't think that would be the
  best use of my time, delightful though it might be. I do rather wish to discuss
  the issues arising from the problems with Sol3a."  
"Of course, of course. Business before pleasure, I understand." Gnarff said. "I
  do think, though you should see something of the conservation project, however.
  I think that will help to illustrate the difficulties that we are trying to
  address. With your permission, Ambassador." Gnarff gave a sharp click with
  one of his claws.  
A curtain drew back and a woman entered. Taylor was impressed. She was as
  tall as himself, almost two units high, and stunningly beautiful. Her long,
  white-blonde, hair hung loosely behind her almost to her waist. She wore a
  simple floor length gown in imperial purple with a matching cape that draped
  from her shoulders to the floor behind her.  
"Ambassador, this is Doctor Mead. She is my chief anthropologist and responsible
  for our Sol3 conservation project. She manages the Sol3a collection which is
  at the heart of our study programme. She can explain to you what we are doing
  here. Perhaps we can reconvene our discussions in an hour or so? I know my
  two little friends here are particularly keen to see what they can do to amuse
  me. Aren't you girls?" Gnarff wound his tendrils around each girl's scarred
  throat, pulling them to their feet.  
Chapter 8   
On the video screens of Sol3a the image of Gabrielle Mayern, leader of the
  Planetary Council, was watched with anticipation and concern. The audience
  all knew that tens of thousands of years of exploitation and abuse had killed
  the planet and that nothing could be done to save it as a habitable place for
  the human species.  
Although mankind had spread throughout the Sol system and far beyond, its
  legendary home was a derelict husk of a world that could no longer sustain
  a population. Those of Sol3a had failed to reduce the demands on their planet
  and had sought a new home elsewhere in the Sol system. The other worlds in
  the Sol system were facing their own problems and could not or would not help.
  All that was left to the women of Sol3a was a simple choice, migrate or die.
  Mayern carried their last hopes to find a new home.  
The view screen on the wall of the cabin blinked into life. A camera beside
  it was trained on Mayern as she sat staring at it. "Women of Sol3a," the screen
  announced, "this is a world telecast information flash from Council Leader
  Mayern."  
The red lamp on the camera began to flash and Mayern began speaking. "I am
  speaking to you from the shuttle Aries as it returns towards our home, a home
  that is, as we all know, dying. From here in space, poised between our dying
  world and the worlds that our fore-mothers colonised, it is clear that we must
  make choices, hard choices. But it is also clear that there are those who value
  our contribution to the galaxy and those who would help us as we face the extinction
  of our home.  
"As you know I have tried to negotiate for a new home within our solar system.
  It saddens me to tell you that in that endeavour I and the rest of the Council
  have failed. It seemed that those whose worlds we had helped to colonise should
  be the first to help us, but not so. Who can say today if things should have
  been different? Not all the worlds of Sol have seen things the same way as
  we have and now all those worlds have turned their backs and declined to help.
  They would leave us at the mercy of our decaying planet.  
"Fortunately there are those who are prepared to face up to their treaty
  obligations. The Forgwin system had pledged to stand by Sol3a and now will
  help to deliver us. I am returning from discussions with their Council. They
  have agreed to help us to relocate to one of the moons of Forgwin5. This will
  be our new home. Ships from the Forgwin system will be landing on Sol3a shortly.
  As you know the Science Councillors forecast that we have only a matter of
  days before the crust of our home begins to collapse. The rescue ships will
  allow us to evacuate before the final collapse of our planet. The peoples of
  Forgwin may be other species but they have shown more humanity than the rest
  of human kind.  
"Join me in praising the generosity of the Forgwin system. Join me in our
  new home."  
Mayern sat back. The red light on the camera went out. The voice of the view
  screen announcer continued. "That was Council Leader Gabrielle Mayern broadcasting
  from the shuttle Aries, en-route from Sol3b. Regional centres for evacuation
  have already been designated and embarkation will begin within the next 12
  hours. You are reminded to follow the community evacuation plan communicated
  to you by your regional authorities. We understand that there is only a 48
  hours evacuation window. Please follow all instructions given to you by your
  regional authorities and the evacuation crews. Thank you."  
Gabrielle reached out and turned the screen off. It was done. She had saved
  the peoples of Sol3a. It proved that there was some honour in the galaxy.  
"Would you like a drink, Council Leader?" The only crew on the Aries were
  the two flight attendants, the flight, return and docking were all automated. "We
  will be docking with the Orbiter in about three hours."  
"Oh, yes, thank you. Just some water," she replied. The flight attendant
  padded off across the Aries' empty passenger cabin to the galley. Her velcro
  slippers held her to the floor in spite of the weightless conditions. She opened
  the door to the galley carefully. Her colleague was standing just inside, sipping
  coffee through a straw from a sealed container. "Some water for Council Leader
  Mayern," she said.  
Chapter 9   
On the top deck of the Gnarriott ship, Mead led the way out of Gnarff's audience
  chamber. Taylor followed with his retinue in tow. Garan Duufrig, along with
  the rest of the Guard of Honour stiffened to attention as the group passed
  by.  
"Can I ask how much you know of the history of the Sol3a people, Ambassador," Mead
  asked. "I would like to be able to put what I have to show you in the correct
  context, you understand."  
"Yes, of course. Well, there are the legends that Sol3a was the home planet
  for the human species, but I guess that doesn't have too much to do with today's
  situation and I suppose that it's more an issue for archaeologists than ourselves.
  Then in historical time there has been the problem with their men. Now it seems
  that Sol3a is just about all out of natural resources, their own scientists
  consider that a collapse is imminent. There are only 50,000 of them remaining
  and they need to migrate but it is hard to see where they can go. The other
  Sol planets just view them as economic migrants and there's not much flex in
  that system at all.  
"A reasonable summary. The collapse of the Sol3a ecosystem is imminent though.
  They have used vulcano-thermal energy for a long time and it has become apparent
  that the planet's mantle is collapsing. Soon the crust will collapse into the
  voids it has left. Water rushing in from the oceans and the seismic events
  will devastate the planet. But that is just part of it, albeit a tragic end
  to their home. Their difficulties began before the start of the collapse in
  the male birth rate about three thousand years ago. Of course they managed
  to provide species continuity by using frozen gametes and then through genetic
  management - cloning. Now they are an all-female species, one of the few examples.
  That's one of the things that led me to study them. That and the fact that
  I can trace my lineage through to Sol3a stock."  
"Many of us can or imagine we can. I think that's one of the things that
  gives such credence to the legends." Taylor was enjoying the discussion but
  he was also deeply attracted by Mead. Albinos were unusual &ndash; anything
  out of the genetic mainstream was surprising amongst humanoids these days &ndash; but
  it wasn't just that. She combined a striking appearance with a confident manner
  and an obvious knowledge of her subject. He had to keep reminding himself that
  this woman was also managing an installation that would be outlawed by most
  of the signatories to the Federation's treaties and that considerable diplomatic
  effort would be needed if the Federation were ever to bring the planets of
  the Forgwin system and the other haunts of the Gnarriots into line. "Now," Mead
  went on as they turned a corner, "this is the collection that is at the heart
  of our project."  
The corridor opened onto a gangway. It stretched for almost 100 units along
  the length of the freighter's hull taking up almost an entire deck. On either
  side, large view panels allowed sight of a series of rooms, each different,
  each containing one or more human females.  
"One of the fascinating things about the Sol3a women is the wide range of
  genetic variation within the species. We still use the old terminology for
  them - asiatics, latinos, blacks, caucasians, and so on. The different varieties
  seem to have been linked to geographic, climatic conditions in the early stages
  of the species presence on Sol3a &ndash; then they seemed to stop evolving.
  It's very odd. If you try to genotype the Gnarriotts, for example, they have
  little variation even though their home planet had even wider climactic ranges
  than Sol3a. Anyway, we try to provide them with a similar environment to that
  which they have left &ndash; they can't see you, we provide them with standard
  Sol3a gravity, clothes and food they would be familiar with. We pipe media
  channels from their origin in to them. They don't get to see any artifacts
  or have any contact with non-Sol3a entities. As far as they are concerned they
  are still there."  
"And how do they arrive?" Taylor was staring down at a young woman who knelt
  in the middle of her room, motionless, staring blankly at the ceiling.  
"Oh, I think you need to discuss that with the Lord High Protector. I'm not
  really qualified to comment."  
The young woman in the first room got up and began pacing up and down. After
  a while she stopped and turned, staring upward at the ceiling before she returned
  to pacing up and down. Taylor noticed that the floor covering in the room had
  been worn almost through where she repeated the same path time after time.  
They walked along the gangway. Taylor counted over thirty women, some of
  them motionless, some of them watching vid-screens, two of them pacing, just
  like the first.  
"We have been studying them for over five years now." Mead explained. "It's
  been one of the most detailed anthropological assessments of a single species.
  We have an enormous bank of data. I think we know better how to look after
  them than they do themselves. Certainly we could have managed Sol3a so that
  it would still sustain their presence and we have a far better idea of their
  abilities than they do."  
Taylor peered down into another room a sign beside the view panel read "Northern
  hemisphere, urban dwellers, #102 Origins: Asiatic #103 Origins: Af-Amer #104
  Origins Caucasian" Three woman sprawled on the couches of what appeared to
  be a comfortable apartment watching a video screen. One of them flicked in
  an irritated way through the channels. "And this is the whole collection?"  
"Oh, no. This would hardly provide a statistical basis. We have a number
  of similar units. The Lord High Protector has been most generous in funding
  the facility and ensuring we have all we need to provide the sort of thorough
  study that is needed if we are going to solve their environmental crisis."  
"You don't feel that there is a moral question to answer here. Some could
  consider that the Gnarriotts are simply trafficking flesh in direct contravention
  of their Federation commitments."  
"Oh no. Surely you see this is all being done to help provide the basis for
  the long-term preservation of the species?"  
"It might be easier to accept your assurances if Forgwin did not have the
  reputation it has, and perhaps if the Protector did not have his own 'collection',
  I am sure you would agree."  
"I can assure you that the Protector has done everything he can to ensure
  the success of the project. The two girls you saw are from Sol5g; we couldn't
  possibly include them in the project, they come from a completely different
  social and ecological environment. The Protector understands that I can only
  work with those that are Sol3a borne, I know that his tastes must seem barbarous
  but it is difficult to judge the values of different species."  
"That may be, Doctor, but it is hard not to feel that those two girls would
  be seen as slaves in any of the treaties that have so far been put forward
  to Forgwin. I really do feel that there is&hellip;." Ambassador Taylor turned
  at a sound behind him.  
The two doors that closed off the gantry from the rest of the ship slid back
  to reveal Farrin Gnarff with his two chained attendants. "I'm sorry to interrupt
  you, Ambassador. I do hope that Doctor Mead has been able to help."  
"Thank you, Lord Protector. Doctor Mead has indeed been a great help. We
  are very grateful for your openness in this matter."  
"And I trust you will give us a clean bill of health as far as the accusations
  that have been made against us."  
"You can be assured that my report will be entirely truthful, your Lordship,
  but I can see how it might not satisfy those who disagree with your policies.
  For them it is not how these things are being done, but the fact that they
  are being done at all. Some, I am sure, would find it difficult to reconcile
  your 'conservation' activities with their views of how peoples should be allowed
  self-determination. They might feel that Forgwin should not be planning any
  precipitous act."  
"They would do well not to interfere in the acts of a sovereign state."  
"I hope that we are all above trying to solve our differences by acts of
  direct intervention, Lord Protector, Now if you will excuse us. I think that
  we have seen enough for the time being." Taylor turned towards the anthropologist. "Dr
  Mead, thank you so much for your assistance. It has been a complete pleasure." He
  reached forward, took her hand and kissed it.  
"Why, Ambassador," she smiled, flattered by his gesture, "I have been happy
  to help."  
Gnarff peered at Taylor and Mead. "Thank you Ambassador," he said. "I am
  always pleased to welcome the Federation's representatives. But if you will
  excuse me&hellip;"  
Without waiting for Taylor to reply Gnarff span around and stalked off along
  the corridor. He jerked the chains of his two attendants, dragging them behind
  him as they tried to keep up. Mead looked after them with concern, Gnarff wasn't
  pleased and it was never good to be close to him at such times.  
"Well, Doctor," Taylor began, "perhaps you would be good enough to show us
  back to the airlock?"  
"Yes, of course," Mead responded, gesturing along the gangway for Taylor
  and his party. "Please, it's just along here."  
Chapter 10   
At the galley of the shuttle Aries, one of the two flight attendants was
  leaning around the door. "I said Council Leader Mayern would like some water."  
"No, its time to do it," her colleague responded. "I got the signal."  
"O.K." the other replied. "Are the other two passengers comfortable?"  
"Depends on your definition of comfortable." She pulled back a panel door
  to reveal two bound and gagged women. Each wore only their bra, panties and
  tights. Their mouths were evidently packed, cheeks bulging beneath strips of
  heavy adhesive tape. More tape wrapped their arms, legs, wrists and ankles.
  The space in which the two women were confined was small but as each struggled,
  weightless, they collided with one another and the walls of the closet.  
"Well ladies, do you think we are doing justice to your uniforms?" The two
  captives gave grunted responses that suggested they were less than happy.  
"What is it they say &ndash; 'In space, no one can hear you scream.' Guess
  that's true if you've got your mouth full, eh?" More muffled squeals accompanied
  the shutting of the panel door.  
The first of the two flight attendants slid a small metal case from a pouch
  slung on her belt. A tap on the end of the case sent four metallic components
  sliding slowly from the case. She caught each of them in turn, assembling them
  carefully, each part mating snugly against the other. She took the device in
  her right hand and made her way back into the cabin.  
As she approached Mayern, the Council Leader looked up from the documents
  that she was working on. "Do you have the water?" she asked.  
"No, Council Leader, I have something more important. Something from Forgwin,
  something to mark today."  
Mayern looked up, puzzled. "I don't understand," she said as the flight attendant
  leant forward pressing the device against her chest.  
"This is their thanks. To you, Council Leader. For delivering the women of
  Sol3a to them." Mayern looked startled for a moment until the attendant pressed
  the trigger on the device. The compressor capsule fired and the hypodermic
  needle shot the measured dose into Mayern's body. The drug induced paralysis
  took immediate hold, holding her body locked, unmoving.  
The pen that Council Leader Mayern had been using drifted from her grasp,
  floating free in the cabin. Her assailant picked it from the air and slid it
  carefully into the top pocket of Mayern's tunic. Mayern looked on in terror,
  conscious but paralysed and unable to move.  
As the Aries shuttle approached the Orbiter, coasting towards an automatic
  docking, the two half naked captives were pulled from their makeshift prison.
  As each tried to struggle free of the tapes that held them they drifted across
  the cabin of the Aries. Their captors smiled as their two victims tried to
  avoid colliding with the walls of the cabin. Their helpless wriggles only served
  to increase the tumbling and twisting of their weightless, free-fall, flight.  
Aries slid towards the Orbiter's cavernous docking bay. A shudder ran through
  the shuttle as its retro jets fired in turn, first aligning it with the station
  and then matching its rotation with that of the docking bay before it coasted
  in to dock. An automated, pre-recorded announcement sang out from the shuttle's
  sound system, "Welcome to Sol3a Orbiter. Please remain in your couches until
  docking is concluded and the 'unfasten harness &ndash; airlock open' sign is
  illuminated. For those arriving from Sol3b you will find a 15%G zone for your
  comfort on levels 3 through 5. For those arriving from Sol3a a 1G zone can
  be found in the Orbiter Rim on the outer level. If you are departing within
  the next 24 hours please contact the Orbiter Help service for directions to
  your onward docking station. Thank you."  
The two flight attendants stepped out of the shuttle into the docking hall
  of the Orbiter. There exactly as planned were their colleagues. "Christa! Nataya!
  Hi!" one of them called in greeting. "Natty uniforms!"  
Christa, the taller of the two, smiled wanly. "Well they're hardly high fashion
  but I think their original owners would be glad to have them back. They are
  in the cabin with Mayern if you want to get them out, Terrill."  
"Oh, I guess they will be OK for a bit, knowing you two," Terrill replied. "Do
  you want to see what we've been up to?" She pointed across the docking hall
  to the elevator that led to the rim of the Orbiter.  
Christa and Nataya followed Terrill up to the observation lounge. In the
  lounge two more women stood guard over about fifty others. Their captives sat
  in five rows on the floor of the lounge, their wrists strapped behind their
  backs with cable ties, their heads enclosed in identical, black hoods. Some
  wore the uniform of Orbiter crew, others civilian dress. Half a dozen were
  naked. Mostly they were still and silent. A couple of the captives turned towards
  the sound of Nataya's voice as she spoke.  
"Is this the lot?" Nataya asked.  
"Uh huh," Terrill replied. "Twenty two crew, fourteen civilian passengers
  in transit, six members of the council security corps and the Council Leader's
  welcoming party, total forty eight. Let's see &ndash; you've got three, that's
  fifty one total."  
Chapter 11   
She was one of the last to leave London. The city had long been in decay
  but was now deserted as the last occupants fled. Ground transportation had
  brought her to the South East England area evacuation site on the edge of Woking.
  As she left the vehicle, the crew abandoned it and followed her.  
In the middle of Horsell Common, the dark cylinder of the evacuation ship
  stood silent. Deeta Janes joined the queue trudging across the common. She
  pulled behind her the small case that contained all the possessions he was
  taking with her. 25 kilos, they had said; one case, 25 kilos, nothing more.  
How do you choose what you will take? What from your old life; what to help
  in the new one? In the end she'd taken almost nothing from her past; just two
  holo-images - one of her birth mother; the other her house mother, the two
  who had kept her safe when she was young. That was something to be thankful
  for. Since they'd gone, she'd needed to look out for herself &ndash; she hoped
  she would do as good a job as they had done.  
The queue edged forward, getting closer all the time to the ship that waited
  to swallow them all.  
Deeta could see as she got closer that they were already loading. Women were
  walking up the ramp and into the belly of the ship. The queue rounded a large
  container still about 100 yards from the ship.  
Two of the Sol3a security forces were standing guard by the large doors that
  gave entry to the container's interior. There had been no trouble. They carried
  their weapons but they were slung across their backs. Deeta was walking on,
  still staring at the enormous ship.  
"Hey," one of the security guards called out, "Hey you!"  
Deeta turned. "Sorry? Me?" she asked.  
"That's right. Personal belongings go in here." She pointed through the door
  of the container. Over the top of it were a series of character in the Gnarriot
  script and, alongside, the word "FERNIX" and a big arrow pointing to the door.
  Inside Deeta could see the rows of cases stacked neatly. She added her case
  to the others and walked on towards the ship.  
At the foot of the ramp, she took one last look back across Horsell Common.
  In her life time the green commons and woods around London had become blackened
  by the pollution. Now the trees where she had played as a child were lifeless
  stumps and twisted forms; now the fields were nothing more than rutted mud.
  She was sad to be leaving but sad for what it had been, not what it now was.
  There were a few others following her but apart from the security guards the
  common was now almost deserted. She turned her back on it and climbed into
  the ship.  
Deeta followed the signs towards the passenger cabin. The area was packed
  and people jostled each other, searching for seats. She thought she'd wait
  while others settled. Toward the side of the cabin a coffee machine presented
  a welcome diversion. She took a cup and filled it and leant back against the
  wall of the cabin, watching the melee before her.  
A loudspeaker crackled above her head. "Embarkation is complete. Thank you
  for your co-operation. Please take your seats, this rescue craft will be launching
  shortly."  
Deeta drained the coffee from the Styrofoam cup. Looking around for somewhere
  to drop it she saw a bin to one side. The bin was filled to overflowing with
  discarded cups but she thought she could squeeze another in. Over the bin a
  sign read, "Fernix". Deeta peered at it. "I guess it means garbage," Deeta
  thought. "Funny, I'm sure I've seen it somewhere before."  
Chapter 12   
Kelli and Shana were back in their cell. The Protector had been angered by
  what he saw as the interference of Taylor and the rest of the Federation delegation
  and his two attendants had suffered as a result.  
Both girls had endured the whip-like Gnarriott feelers and the Protector's
  claws before he had tired of them and bellowed for a guard to take them away
  and chain them up.  
At least their guard had been lenient. The two girls each wore a neck collar
  linked by a chain to a ring in the wall but the chains were long enough for
  them to move around and now the two were huddled together on the platform where
  they slept.  
Kelli cradled Shana's naked body against her own. Her head was against her
  breast. Kelli ran her fingers tenderly over Shana's shaved scalp and hugged
  her close. Shana sobbed quietly. Neither of them tried to speak any more, the
  noises that came from their violated mouths and throats were more than either
  of them could bear to hear.  
Kelli looked down at Shana's tortured breasts. In his irritation with Taylor,
  Gnarff had demonstrated what he would like to do with the Federation by wrapping
  one of his feelers tightly around Shana's breasts and then pinching at her
  nipples with his claws. Shana had struggled but that had just made Gnarff tighten
  his feeler and grip harder with his claws until she had passed out from the
  pain. Now her breasts were bruised and carried a red wheal around the base
  of each, barely less livid than the scar that each of them bore across their
  throats,  
"Don't be scared," Kelli thought to herself, "don't be scared. We'll look
  after each other."  
Shana looked up at her friend, taking comfort in her closeness. She was in
  pain but the agonies that Gnarff had caused her were nothing compared to the
  pain she felt inside. She blamed herself for the crash that had brought them
  here. She felt bad about the way she had taunted Gnarff when he came to their
  cell for the first time. Perhaps she had goaded him into what then happened?
  Her collar was chafing against her scarred throat, her breasts felt as though
  they were on fire but that was nothing to the guilt she felt about their situation.
  What made it worse was that she was sure that Kelli didn't hold it against
  her. She felt sure Kelli would feel that they would look after each other.  
As Shana pressed against her, Kelli could feel her misery. It wasn't just
  the pain of Gnarff's tortures, Kelli just knew that Shana felt guilty about
  the crash, about being here, about all of it. "It's all right," she thought
  to herself, "it's all right, Shana, this isn't your fault. Don't blame yourself." Somehow
  Shana seemed to be soothed by her thoughts. The two of them sank against each
  other and drifted off into a fitful sleep.  
It was perhaps two hours before the two stirred as the door to their cell
  opened. Kelli looked up to see Mead enter. She was elegant as when they had
  seen her earlier, escorting Ambassador Taylor, clad in a tight fitting purple
  body-suit, her white hair piled high on her head. Shana looked towards her
  as well.  
"I came to see if you were all right," Mead said.  
"I don't trust her," Kelli thought to herself.  
"Me neither," thought Shana. Suddenly she realised that she had heard Kelli
  thoughts in her own brain. She gave a startled, throttled, grunt of understanding.  
Mead misunderstood her reaction. "It's OK," she said soothingly, "I want
  to help."  
Shana gave her thoughts form, "Kelli, can you hear this?"  
Kelli looked towards her in astonishment. "Yes," she thought, "yes I can!
  Oh, Shana, can you 'hear' me too?"  
"Yes, yes. Oh, that's wonderful!" For the first time in a long time, the
  two girls smiled.  
"Good, good," comforted Mead, interpreting their smiles as a response to
  her.  
From the corridor came the clatter of an approaching Gnarriott. From the
  bellowing, Kelli and Shana knew Gnarff was outside. They emptied their minds
  of the least thought, one way that they had developed to reduce the risk of
  Gnarff's wrath.  
"Ah, Mead," he grunted as he stepped into the cell. "I see you had the same
  worries as me. Well done. I knew that useless clod of a guard was going to
  leave them comfortable."  
Gnarff pulled each of the girls in turn to her feet, chained her collar to
  a wall ring with only two or three links slack, and then did the same for wrists
  and ankles, fixing them almost immobile against the metal wall of the cell. "You'll
  stay like that until you learn to play," he snarled. "Don't forget I'm going
  to have a few more toys to choose from now! If you want to go on enjoying the
  pleasure of my company you'll both have to become better behaved. And believe
  me, you just don't want to know what it's like if I get tired of you."  
He turned from the silent, barely struggling, girls towards Mead. "Now perhaps
  I can ask you a few questions, my dear, about how the Sol3a women can be best
  prepared for their new lives. Then I think we can greet our visitors." He snaked
  a feeler about Mead's waist. Shana watched as its tip snaked down behind her
  and between her buttocks as he ushered her from the cell, pulling the door
  shut behind them with a clank.  
The two listened as the sounds of Mead and Gnarff's conversation died away.  
"Are you all right, Shana?" Kelli thought out.  
"Mmm, yes, I guess. It's not too bad. It depends how long we have to stay
  like this."  
"Oh, Shana, I'm so scared."  
"Me too, but at least we now have each other."  
Chapter 13    
Crista, Nataya and Terril watched from the Orbiter's observation chamber
  as the twelve cylindrical Gnarriott ships edged towards them in a long line.
  From the third of them a shuttle emerged, heading towards the Orbiter's docking
  bay.  
"Here comes our lift," Christa called. "We'd better get our contribution
  ready."  
The three of them herded their captives back to the docking bay. As they
  left the elevator they saw the two other guards, laughing. Spinning between
  them, weightless, the ball in a game of human tennis, was one of the two flight
  attendants from Aries, still half naked, bound and gagged, and wrapped with
  more tape into a ball. "Oh, for goodness sake you two," smiled Terril. "Stop
  that and get the rest of this lot sorted. A shuttle's on its way in."  
"OK, boss," the taller of the two replied, breaking off her game and leaving
  the helpless human ball to bounce into the wall of the docking bay. The other
  stewardess and the paralysed form of Councillor Mayern lay to one side. The
  fifty four helpless women waited.  
For Crista and Nataya it was their first encounter with the Gnarriot when
  the shuttle docked and two troopers emerged. Most of the other species that
  they dealt with were at least vaguely humanoid in form so the lobster like
  Gnarriott presented a frightening aspect. At first Crista had thought they
  were wearing armour but she soon realized that this was their normal appearance.
  Their captives, still hooded, were of course, none the wiser.  
"Excellent," the leading trooper croaked, "bring them through. Shuttle is
  ready. You've earned your fee."  
Those words were sufficient. Crista, Nataya, Terril and the other Sol5g mercenaries,
  grinned at each other. The payment was going to allow them to enjoy a life
  of considerable luxury. It was hardly a great sum for delivering an entire
  planet but the rancour between Sol3a and those of the outer worlds meant that
  for all those that had been involved it was well worth it.  
The captive women were dragged across the Orbiter's docking bay and into
  the Gnariott shuttle. The two troopers took a look around the docking bay.
  One unclipped a package from his harness and left it on the floor of the bay.
  With a grunt of acknowledgement from the other, the two of them turned their
  backs on the Orbiter and followed the women onto the shuttle. As the airlock
  door closed, the outer lock of the Orbiter opened and the shuttle started on
  the trajectory that returned it to the third cylinder just as it caught up
  with the Gnarriott freighter.  
"Just my luck," thought Garan Duufrig as he sat at the navigation console. "Most
  of the time the worst we have to worry about is avoiding planets or the odd
  asteroid. Now I've got 12 tubes trying to collide with me." The docking of
  the cylinders that had been used to collect the Sol3a women was underway. Having
  transited from Earth orbit the 12 were aligned in a ring around the Gnarriott
  freighter, edging closer to it, each aiming for the cradle that would lock
  them to the freighter for the journey on to the Forgwin system. Each settled
  into place in turn. As the last set of lights lit up on the console indicating
  that the last cylinder had connected with the mother ship and locked on, Garan
  Duufrig breathed a sigh of relief and handed over to his relief who would handle
  the burn to set them on their way.  
Chapter 14   
In the cabin passenger cabin of the South East England cylinder, Deeta Janes
  was dozing in her seat as the cabin's speaker system burst into life. "Rendezvous
  is complete," a voice said, "Thank you for your patience. We will shortly be
  commencing the burn to take us out of the ecliptic. The transfer will take
  approximately 16 months. Please take your seats and prepare for hibernation.
  Your hibernation mask will fall from the panel above your head. Please fasten
  the mask over your nose and mouth and breathe deeply on my mark."  
Deeta looked up as the mask fell from the panel. She reached up and pulled
  it towards her in readiness for the instruction. She looked to left and right.
  All her companions had done likewise.  
"Hibernation will commence shortly. You may find it helpful to count backwards
  from 10 on the following mark. Three, two one, Mark!"  
Deeta looked up towards the cabin ceiling. A green vapour was passing down
  each of the tubes that fed the masks. "Ten," she thought. "Nine. Eight. &hellip; ".
  In her mind, she carried on counting. To anyone watching, she appeared to be
  in an unconscious state.  
As the women of earth passed into hibernation, the shuttle from the Orbiter
  docked and the Sol5g mercenaries, the Gnarriott troopers and their captives
  disembarked. The women were dragged to a passenger cabin, secured and forcibly
  hibernated along side the other passengers. Crista, Nataya, Terrill and the
  others took Mayern, on a trolley, paralysed but still conscious up to the great
  domed chamber of Gnarff's suite. Mayern gazed up from her trolley, looking
  out through the great glazed dome, looking out into the black depths of the
  universe.  
Almost her first sight was the bright, soundless flower of the explosion
  in the docking bay of the Orbiter as the package that the Troopers had left
  detonated. She watched as the whole station appeared to shudder in space, shiver
  to a standstill and then begin to twist out of orbit; its antennae and external
  structures splintering away as it began to spiral to its death.  
Gnarff and Mead came into the suite. "I fear that the fate of the Orbiter
  is only a pre-cursor of that of Sol3a, Council Leader. You and your people
  are well away from it."  
Mayern, unable to move, could only stare at Farrin Gnarff.  
"You had few options, Councillor, and so little time. Look!" Gnarff gestured
  towards Sol3a shining brightly through the dome above them. The west coast
  of NorAmer was just emerging from the shadow of night. Even from space the
  explosive volcanic plumes were clearly visible, spewing into the atmosphere,
  triggered by the slippage in the Great Fault Line and carried like a shroud
  across the dying planet. Beyond, away to the east of the continent, the shape
  of the coastline had changed beyond recognition as the seas had already flooded
  in response to the flexing of the ocean floor.  
"But now we must think of the future. Doctor Mead here has been helping me
  to ensure that your people will have suitable facilities at your destination.
  She has also been helping me with the problems that we discussed of making
  the colony self sufficient. You may find our ways of doing things a little
  direct at first but I am sure you will come to recognise their effectiveness.
  Doctor Mead, if you please&hellip;"  
Mayern was only partly listening, distracted by panorama of devastation unfolding
  through the dome above her. Mead stepped forward.  
"Your Excellency, Councillor," she began, formally.  
Gnarff' swivelled his head towards her. "Get on with it," he grunted.  
Mead coughed and began again. "We have a living space allocated to your people
  on one of the outer-world satellites of the Forgwin system. Once you are established
  there, the first priority will be to stabilise the population numbers. Councillor
  you will be aware that birth rates have fallen over the past five years to
  a dangerously low level. We estimate that around one third of your population
  will need to enter an insemination, incubation and breeding programme to reverse
  this trend. This will need to be a managed programme since previous attempts
  at encouragement have failed so we expect the allocation of individuals to
  this programme soon after arrival. In addition something like 10000 of you
  will need to be deployed in hydroponic farming to enable the facility to be
  self sufficient in food and other essentials and around 6000 will be needed
  for management of the colony, provision of local security services, that sort
  of thing."  
Gabrielle Mayern could not respond; she could only stare up, wondering whether
  the horrors unfolding above her or those that were implied within the colony
  were the worse.  
"That leaves around 14,000 of your population, Councillor," Gnarff interjected. "These
  will be available to help Sol3a to pay off its debts to the Forgwin system
  as a result of this evacuation. Normally we would propose a share cropping
  system for your farming but I am advised that the colony will only just be
  self sustaining from an agricultural perspective and we have no wish to put
  your people under a greater pressure than is absolutely necessary.  
"Fortunately Sol3a has an important asset in its people and one which is
  particularly valuable in the Forgwin system." Gnarff moved to Mayern's side
  and reached across with one of his pincers. Deftly he clipped the buttons from
  her blouse and let it fall open. Mayern was unable to move. "The Gnarriott
  are a passionate race and find your fleshy bodies arousing. Even during our
  own discussions, Councillor, I found myself often distracted by the rise and
  fall of your breasts beneath your blouse, the curve of your neck, the discrete
  hint of cleavage, the way that lock of hair falls down across your brow when
  you defend your point of view. I must admit that I sometimes found it hard
  to remember that I was trying to ensure the best future for all of your people.
  I am sure we will help you find ways to turn these assets into a marketable
  commodity, one that will bring prosperity to your new home."  
Mead watched with embarrassment as Gnarff toyed with Mayern's clothing. As
  an anthropologist she was used to observing sexual behaviour and she was hardly
  any stranger to Gnarff's tastes but she found this chilling. What was more,
  she knew the economic arguments for the Gnarriott proposition were sound but
  it was clear from her conversations with Taylor that the Federation would find
  it hard to accept. She could see that the mercenaries looked uncomfortable
  as well.  
Chapter 15   
Deeta was still counting. In her mind she had not even paused but already
  two weeks had passed.  
"Seven, eight, nine." And now, although she had not been aware of being unconscious
  she realised that she was now awake. She blinked and looked up at the creature
  standing over her. She had seen pictures of Gnarriotts before, of course, on
  the vid-screens mainly, but they hadn't prepared her for the reality. She fought
  back her distaste for the lobster like creature; they were her rescuers after
  all. The guard peered down at her.  
"Come with me, please," he said, politely, taking her hand gently in one
  of his pincers and drawing her uncertainly to her feet.  
Deeta looked around at the rest of the cabin where the others were still
  apparently asleep. "Uhh, what about them," she gestured with her free hand.  
"No, just you. Come, now." The Gnarriott ushered her out of the cabin and
  into an office where another Gnarriott was sitting at a desk. He looked up
  as she entered and held an exchange of the high pitched sounds that Gnarriotts
  used to communicate between themselves. The other Gnarriott got this feet.  
"Excellent," he remarked, waving a claw in a welcoming gesture. "Shicnan
  Warrax &ndash; Engineer. Now I must just check who you are."  
"Oh, yes, of course," Deeta responded, "my name is &hellip;."  
"That's not necessary," Warrax reached forward and pulled Deeta's shirt from
  her shoulder.  
"Hey, what's the game," Deeta pulled back.  
"Your identity, I need to check it," Warrax was pointing to her arm. Deeta
  looked down at a bar coded number tattooed on her arm. "You have all been coded
  while hibernating, it's the only way we can keep track. Now just let me see." He
  gripped her arm tightly in his claw and span her around.  
"Oww," she yelped, "that hurts."  
"Excellent, that checks." Deeta was still trying to wriggle free of Warrax's
  claw. "Please do not struggle. I need to do this properly. 0015783, previously
  Deeta Janes, South England Evacuation Group, you have been assigned to myself
  under the Officer Allocation Programme. As such you will be provided with accommodation
  in return for your work on the programme. This is as an alternative to the
  hibernation sequence."  
"I'll go back to my couch if it's all the same to you," she scowled.  
"No, that will not be convenient. I am afraid that I cannot change the allocations." Warrax
  turned to the guard that had brought her. "She's correct," he said. "Can you
  just hold her?"  
Deeta yelped with pain as the guard grasped each arm tightly in its claws. "Let
  me go," she cried kicking out at her captor. It had no effect other than to
  encourage him to grip her more tightly.  
"You'll be staying here and providing such services as I require." Warrax
  ignored her protests. "Mostly that will be administrative support for my department
  and domestic duties in these quarters. Don't worry, you won't find it too arduous,
  there will be two of you." Warrax, clicked his claws and a second woman came
  into the cabin. "This is 0014395," he announced. "You might find it easier
  to call her Marni."  
Like Deeta, she wore the simple grey shirt and short skirt that seemed to
  have become almost a uniform for the Sola3a women but her skirt had been ripped
  up one seam from hem to waistband and her shirt had been tied off below her
  breasts to show off her belly. The sleeves of her short had been torn out and
  Marni's bar coded number was clearly visible on her upper arm. To Deeta's dismay
  the girl wore shackles about her ankles, wrist cuffs joined by a short chain
  and a ball gag strapped into her mouth with a head harness. What was worse,
  she carried a tray containing the self same items.  
"Good," said Warrax to the gagged woman, pointing at Deeta. "Put those on
  your new companion."  
Marni gave a nod of assent without hesitating. Deeta struggled in the grip
  of the Gnarriott but could not prevent Marni fitting first the manacles and
  cuffs and then the gag to her.  
Deeta grunted protests uselessly as the gag was tightened. As Marni finished
  she knelt down beside Warrax. "Good girl," he approved, patting her head. "Now
  show our friend why she should behave herself."  
Marni turned her back on Deeta, bent forward and lifted her skirt. Her buttocks
  had been laid raw by a violent beating. Deeta drew a sharp breath through her
  nose in shock. Warrax turned to the guard. "Let her go. I think she'll be compliant
  enough."  
Deeta felt the grip on her arm loosen. "You two," Warrax ordered the women. "Get
  down to the mess deck. I want drinks and glasses for six back here in ten minutes." Deeta
  looked puzzled. Marni grabbed her arm as the guard let her go. "She'll show
  you the way &ndash; be quick and get used to doing things that way." He cuffed
  her across the back of her head as she turned to leave. The blow from the Gnarriott's
  claw left her head spinning as she stumbled out into the corridor after Marni.  
Chapter 16   
Gnarff, two of his officers and Mead were dining together in Lord Protector's
  Stateroom. Mayern sat with them, still paralysed but fully conscious. Gnarff
  was in the full dress uniform of a Gnarriott Admiral, Mead in the same gown
  she had worn to greet Ambassador Taylor. At Gnarff's direction, Mayern had
  been put into a dress with an absurdly short skirt and a plunging neckline
  and then seated directly opposite him. Her hair had been elaborately dressed
  and her face wore a mask like make up.  
"Is it necessary, your lordship," Mead asked, "for Council Leader Mayern
  to stay as she is? Surely she would be better able to prepare for her people's
  future if she were released from her current state."  
"Oh, no. She is all right for the time being." Gnarff seemed unconcerned. "She
  is quite able to think through the issues. Her ability to plan is unimpaired.
  Besides I need her to gain some more insights into the ways of the Gnarriotts
  before she will truly be able to take on her new tasks."  
Mead turned in response to a knock on the door of the stateroom. As Gnarff
  ordered, "Come!" two troopers pushed Kelli and Shana, naked, their arms strapped
  behind them, into the room.  
"Ah splendid, exactly to time." Gnarff pushed his plate away from him and
  tossed his napkin into the debris of shrimp tails. "Good evening, girls. Still
  not thinking to me, then?"  
Kelli and Shana hung their heads submissively, trying desperately not to
  annoy Gnarff, anxious not to transmit the least thought to him.  
"No matter, it's not me you'll answer to tonight. We have had some amusing
  times in my chamber but you have yet to experience more than my games. I thought
  you should give Councillor Mayern a demonstration of what the Sol3a women will
  need to provide. If she is to be the madam of this brothel, she'll need to
  do more than look the part." Gnarff snorted with amusement. Mayern could not
  move but the Gnarriott knew she was hearing and understanding everything. "Two
  of my officers have volunteered to introduce you to the delights of "riding
  the barbed hook" as I believe the other ranks refer to it." The two girls exchanged
  a look of puzzlement but held back any telepathy. "Commander Gnerrix, Commander
  Kullux," Gnarff gestured to the two officers, "perhaps you would like to take
  your pick?"  
"Huhh, I'll take the shaved one," grunted Gnerrix, pointing to Shana. He
  got up from the dining table and moved to sit on a couch at one side of the
  room.  
"OK by me," said the other officer, getting up to follow his colleague, "bring
  me the dark one.  
The two officers parted their uniform kilts as the two girls were dragged
  struggling towards them. First Kelli and then Shana were pushed down to sit
  with their naked backs against the Gnariotts' torsos. As her guard released
  her Kelli felt the officer's feeler snake around her neck as Gnarff's so often
  had. To her right she saw that Shana was experiencing the same thing. Another
  feeler began to stroke up the outside of her thigh. She whimpered, struggling
  against the Gnariott as he pulled her closer to him, crushing her arms between
  her back and his own leathery body. The Gnarriott started to grunt rhythmically.  
Kelli watched in horror as she saw the Gnariott's horny sexual organ uncurl
  from beneath Kullux's kilt, curving upwards towards her cunt. The thick, leathery,
  gnarled stalk probed at her sex and then pressed relentlessly home. Buried
  inside her, it continued to swell until Kelli felt as though she had been skewered
  on a leathery pole. Gnerrix became as aroused as Kullux. Kelli watched, wide-eyed
  with pain, as she saw Shana experiencing the same horror as herself.  
Farrin Gnarrf looked on in amusement. "Now councillor," he said to the paralysed
  Mayern, "I am sure that what we have seen is quite common across species as
  Mead here can confirm." Gnarff didn't wait for the embarrassed Mead to agree
  with him, but went on. "However, there is one small difficulty that your women
  will need to take care of. As Gnariotts come close to climaxing the sexual
  probe opens inside the female with a series of barbed hooks that clasp the
  Gnarriot to its mate. Of course that is not a problem for us with our leathery
  skins but for humans the results can be unpleasant or worse if they are not
  prepared."  
Kullux and Gnerrix were grunting almost as one. Kelli felt the probe begin
  to expand again inside her and then gasped with pain as she felt a stabbing
  inside her cunt. She tried to wriggle free but Kullux pressed her down against
  him. Each movement only made the pain worse. Her mouth opened wide in a soundless
  scream of pain.  
"The hooks will have penetrated the walls of the vagina, if the women attempts
  to break free she will tear her insides. Luckily our two friends here are secured
  so as to ensure their safety. They have to stay still until their partners
  are sated and the probe subsides." Gnarff had moved beside Mayern. Mead watched
  in disgusted disbelief as he began to probe beneath the paralysed woman's skirt
  with one of his feelers. "Take note Councillor, you will need to advise your
  ladies accordingly."  
Kelli tried to remain still as Kullux began to thrust against her with new
  vigour. Now he was clasping urgently at her breasts with his pincers and his
  feelers were crushing around her throat. This was nothing though to the stabbing
  sensation deep inside her as Kullux climaxed with a final snort of triumph,
  a high pitched whistling exhalation and a spurt of seemingly ice cold jism,
  inside her.  
Gnerrix followed suit almost immediately. Kelli could see that Shana was
  transfixed with pain just as she was. Slowly, the Gnariott's probe deep inside
  her began to subside, slipping from her tortured cunt. As it did so Kullux
  gave another grunt and pushed her from his lap, sending her sprawling on the
  floor before him. Moments later Gnerrix finished and pushed Shana to the floor
  beside her friend. The two were distraught but both knew they dare not think
  out to each other lest Gnarff discover their secret ability.  
Chapter 17   
In the junior officer's mess, Garan Duufrig was gambling and, for once, winning.
  The game had attracted a crowd of officers, each urging on one or other of
  the players. Duufrig's opponent Chief Drive Engineer, Shicnan Warrax, sat opposite
  him with a glum face. Behind him stood Deeta Janes and Marni Carris, the two
  Sol3a women that had been allocated to Warrax when the crew had been assigned
  their bounty. As they watched their fears grew, sensing that a bad evening
  at the table for Warrax would mean a bad night for them.  
Garan Duufrig, slapped down the three bone strips &ndash; "Anax, Belfor Criag!" he
  bellowed triumphantly. "My win, I think." The crowd at his back whooped their
  agreement.  
His opponent got to his feet and tossed his pieces onto the table. "Curse
  you, Duufrig. You've got the luck of seven, tonight."  
Duufrig grinned as he pulled the pile of his winnings towards him. "Just
  not your night, Warrax; sometimes you just can't win."  
"That's a month's pay you've taken off me."  
"Do want to win it back?"  
"No, I'm all out of stake money."  
"That's OK, you can put up the girls." Duufrig pointed to the two chained
  Sol3a women that stood behind Warrax. "Those two against the cash you've lost
  tonight."  
"Ah, come on, Duufrig, they're my allocation." Warrax had been enjoying the
  benefits that having Deeta and Marni brought.  
"Sure, I guess that means you can do what you like with them. But if you
  want to spend the next month on nothing but standard rations&hellip;. " He
  went to get up from the table.  
"Oh, shit. OK Duufrig, you're on."  
A voice called out from behind Garran. "Stake on the table &ndash; you've
  got to put your stake on the table." There was a roar of laughter as two of
  Warrax's companions grabbed the girls and pulled them towards the table. The
  girls struggled and whimpered as they were pulled across the table, belly up,
  one in front of each player. Their clothes were already tattered as a result
  of their mistreatment over the past week but now each had her shirt pulled
  open. "There you go lads, that'll give you something to play on," somebody
  called. Rough claws and feelers held the squealing girls down, stretched across
  the table, and the game began.  
The bone strips piled up in front of each player. Warrax gave a smile and
  laid three down on the belly of Deeta who was spread out in front of him. "Anax,
  Belfor, Criag. Mine, I think."  
Duufrig looked on impassively. "I'll take one more piece &ndash; you never
  know," he said, reaching for the pile. He picked up another bone strip, looked
  at it and then at Warrax. "Oh," he said, "I guess Four Darak beats that, doesn't
  it?" tossing the pieces down on Marni.  
Warrax gave a groan of defeat.  
"Thanks very much," said Duufrig, grabbing the neck chains of the two girls
  and jerking them up from the table. "These two will go nicely with the one
  I have already. Let me know anytime you fancy another game." Grinning, he led
  the two women, sobbing with humiliation, from the mess and towards his cabin.
  He was followed by the raucous comments of his colleagues.  
Chapter 18   
Kelli and Shana lay sprawled on the floor of their cell, still whimpering
  from the horror of their rape at the hands of Kullux and Gnerrix. With their
  wrists chained behind their backs they could give little help to each other.
  They had no food; the only concession to their comfort was a small tin dish
  of water on the floor of their cell from which they could lap like animals.  
They drifted in and out of a shallow sleep but stirred awake when they heard
  the bolts of their cell door being opened. "Oh no," thought Kelli, "no more."  
"It's OK," Shana came back. "We can take it."  
The two of them twisted around as the door to the cell opened, revealing
  Mead. She came in, followed by a small, tracked, medi-bot. The white robot
  carried on its back a bowl of steaming water. Mead approached the two girls. "You'll
  be all right," Mead said reassuringly. "There'll be no serious damage. You
  kept still while they were in you. You'll be sore but you'll heal."  
She crouched down. "Don't be scared," she said. "I've come to help you." She
  pointed to the bowl. "I'll bathe your wounds." She took a sterilised cloth
  from a pouch on the medi-bot and approached Kelli. Soothingly she passed the
  swab across the caked blood and jism that streaked the inside of Kelli's thighs.
  Kelli winced as the antiseptic stung at the cuts and abrasions that Kullux
  had inflicted on her.  
Mead could see that her attentions were helping Kelli. She tossed the swab
  into a disposal bag on the medi-bot, pulled out another swab and set to work
  on Shana. "Oh," he's cut you badly," she said pointing to a four inch slash
  on Shana's leg. Gnerrix's organ had slapped back against her as she'd been
  pushed clear and the barbed glans had done its work. She reached into the medi-bot's
  casing and pulled out an aerosol can, spraying a layer of artificial skin across
  the cut. "There, that should help it heal," she smiled. "And this should help
  too."  
Mead took a key from a pocket and unlocked Kelli's wrist cuffs. "I can't
  leave you free, though," she said fastening the cuffs again at Kelli's front.
  Kelli gave a smile of gratitude. Mead did the same for Shana.  
As Mead finished what she was doing the door behind her was kicked open.
  Nataya, the mercenary strode in. "Sorry to interrupt, Mead," Nataya said. "Gnarff
  wants his toys back."  
"They're in no condition for more of his treatment right now," Mead responded.  
"They'll be all right, now you've patched them up. Why don't you go look
  after your human zoo? Or maybe you'd like to ask Gnarff if he really meant
  it when he said they were to join him?"  
Mead knew better than to question Gnarff's orders. "OK but take it easy with
  them. They've had a rough time." She left the cell as Nataya clicked her fingers.
  In stepped the shackled and ball gagged figures of the two flight attendants
  from the shuttle each carrying a large box. "I don't think you've met my two
  friends," she said. "Allocated quite fairly, you understand?"  
She looked down at the two silent girls. "What's the matter? Cat got your
  tongues?"  
Kelli gave a throaty chortle and shook her head. She pointed to the scar
  on her neck and then to her open mouth. Nataya bent down and saw what had been
  done to Kelli and Shana. As she did so she saw the "Sol5g" tattoo on Kelli's
  breast. "Uhh, I thought that it was only Sol3a women that were&hellip; "  
Kelli shook her head and pointed to her mouth again.  
"Oh. Yeah. Sorry. Look, Gnarff wants you in his suite but I need to have
  you dressed. Shana looked quizzical, Gnarff's usual desire was to have them
  stripped. This was something new.  
Nataya clicked her fingers and one of the flight attendants came forward,
  knelt beside her and held out the box. As Nataya opened it Kelli and Shana
  saw an array of red-brown leather straps and plates.  
Nataya turned to Shana and started by fastening a harness about the girl's
  shaved head. Then she buckled other leather pieces to the harness. As Nataya
  worked, Kelli realised what she was doing, Shana's head was being cased in
  a head-dress that mimicked the lobster head of a Gnarriot. "You too, honey," said
  Nataya, turning to Kelli and repeating the process. The other flight attendant
  brought in her box. With the head dresses in place Nataya began fastening more
  straps to the girl's arms. Leather mittens that held the fingers together with
  splints that made it impossible to bend the wrists were buckled to these. More
  leather plates followed until each girl's hands looked like lobster claws.
  Long wiry tendrils were screwed into sockets on the head pieces. Finally each
  girl was fitted with a tight leather skirt that hobbled their legs. A small
  fan of leather plates spread out behind each from a point mid-way down their
  calves. Their bellies and breasts remained naked. Nataya and her attendants
  seemed almost as horrified by the result as Kelli and Shana were. The two girls
  had been transformed into half human &ndash; half Gnarriott caricatures.  
"Come with us," Nataya instructed. "Gnarff is waiting. You are to stand in
  attendance behind his throne while he conducts a crew meeting." She clipped
  a leash to the front of each girls head piece and led them out of their cell
  with her attendant following.  
Chapter 19   
Duufrig and Warrax stood at the door to Duufrig's cabin. "How's your head,
  Chief," Garan asked with a smirk in his voice. Although the junior of the two
  officers, he and Warrax had worked together for years and Garan had never been
  one to take rank too seriously.  
"Yeah, not so bad considering I got really blasted after we finished &ndash; when
  was it ? &ndash; two nights back ? You should see my pit &ndash; looks like
  the main drive sprayed a planet's worth of vomit over it."  
"Hey, you should get a girl in to clean it up. I could recommend one. Or
  two!"  
"Oh, ha ha. How are you enjoying your spoils?"  
"OK. Come in and see. I don't aim to hang onto them all for long."  
Duufrig opened the door to his cabin. His three women were waiting as instructed,
  standing beside his bunk, heads bowed. He looked around. His dress uniform,
  cleaned and pressed hung beside his wardrobe. The cabin was spotlessly clean.
  His bunk had been made and turned down. A tall glass filled with chilled beer
  stood on the cabin's table. He gave a grunt of approval. "Excellent," he thought. "Not
  bad," he said.  
The girls were dressed in similar outfits. Each wore an off-the-shoulder
  top cut off to leave their bellies naked but with long, loose sleeves that
  gathered at long cuffs. Each wore a short flared skirt that hung from her hips
  and barely covered her crotch. Only the colours were different; acid lemon,
  lime and peach.  
"Oh very cute," Shicnan Warrax approved.  
"I thought so," relied Garan. "I find the colours help me to keep track of
  them. All these Sol3a women look alike to me &ndash; now I don't have to keep
  looking at their codes. Do you want a beer?" Warrax grunted agreement. "Peach!" Garan
  ordered. "Another glass for my friend."  
Marni bobbed a curtsey and scuttled off to the galley.  
Warrax sprawled on the couch that Garan had on one side of his cabin. Garan
  pulled a chair from beside the table and sat astride it. "Lime," Garan called
  with a click of a claw, pointing to Shicnan's side. "Lemon," he clicked again,
  pointing to the floor beside himself. The two girls crossed the cabin as directed
  and knelt, heads bowed, hands clasped behind their backs.  
"You are really in your element, aren't you." Warrax laughed. "This is like
  one of your 'Astounding Stories' brought to life."  
"Yepp, you're right. And I have to tell you reality is a whole lot better
  than fiction." Garan brushed a feeler across one of Deeta's barely covered
  breasts. She gave a quiet whimper but made no move.  
"Oh, very cute," Warrax grinned as Deeta's nipples stiffened beneath the
  thin cloth of her top. "She's very well behaved. In fact, they all are."  
"They're 4.2 light units away from anything they might call home. It's crumbling
  to dust the further they get from it and they know if they upset me they can
  take their next career move through an air-lock. Yepp, they're well behaved."  
Marni reappeared with a beer for Warrax. She placed it on the table beside
  him and knelt submissively. Warrax, picked up the glass and toasted his friend. "Great
  service," he said, "I'll drink in this bar again."  
"Well don't get too keen on the idea. These ladies won't be a permanent fixture.
  I reckon that a trio like this will fetch a good price. It should be enough
  for me to purchase a rank of Navigation Officer &ndash; Second Class. That
  will see me well set up for what ever Gnarff has planned after we drop this
  lot off back in Forgwin. I'll take my profits now while there's a shortage
  of conscious women on board &ndash; when we get back home there'll be a glut.
  Got watch the old supply and demand!"  
Chapter 20   
All of the crew had been summonsed to the main deck. Inevitably rumours abounded
  as the Gnarriotts crowded into the hall. The officers had been under strict
  instructions to ensure that their "allocations" had been secured in their quarters.
  The only ones excused the briefing were the small group responsible for monitoring
  the Sol3a women, still deep in hibernation in the cabins of their transit tubes.  
Speakers in either corner of the room crackled and gave out the piping whistle
  of the signal for a fleet admiral.  
Farrin Gnarrff appeared in full dress uniform. Behind him, shuffling in their
  heavy leather costumes, came Kelli and Shana. He eased himself into the throne
  like chair that stood on a platform. With a peremptory clack of a claw he gestured
  for Kelli to stand at his left, Shana at his right.  
Gnarff's adjutant called the crew to attention and a hush spread across the
  hall.  
Gnarff scanned the room. He looked at each of the girls in turn. They stiffened
  to attention, trying to hold their heads erect in the heavy, leather, Gnarriot
  masks.  
"Comrades," Gnarff began, "stand easy." There was an shuffling as the crew
  relaxed. "I wish to begin by thanking all of you for your contribution to this
  project. As you know this has been a noble enterprise for the Gnarriott. Rescuing
  what many consider to be the core of the human species has been a important
  mission. You will hear from their leader shortly but you should know that I
  and the entire Gnarriott peoples recognise the skill and efforts of you all."  
Gnarff turned towards the Sol5 mercenaries that stood at the back of the
  room. "We must also acknowledge the assistance of our allies from Sol5 and
  of course the efforts of Dr Mead. Now I would ask you to greet Council Leader
  Mayern of the Sol3a peoples." He gestured to a door at the side of the platform.  
It was not clear what had happened to Mayern since the rape of Shana and
  Kelli but few that had known Council Leader Mayern on Sol3a would have recognised
  her now. She had been freed from her paralysis but she was still evidently
  very much under the control of Gnarff.  
There was a barely controlled, communal grunt of lust from the assembled
  crew as she walked onto the platform. Gnarff had insisted that she dress in
  her new role as the madam of the brothel planet. Her hair was bleached, back
  combed and teased, She wore a transparent black top over a boned and tightly
  laced basque. Her skirt was knee length and straight but with each step she
  revealed a flash of thigh through the slit that ran from hem to hip. Stilt
  heeled, platform sole, shoes made her stand almost six inches taller. A slim,
  gold chain glinted on her ankle.  
She spoke, seemingly oblivious of her appearance. "I am here today," she
  began, "to thank you for your intervention and your rescue mission. The women
  of Sol3a owe a great debt to the Gnarriott people." She looked back over her
  shoulder towards Gnarff. He gestured with his claw, urging her on. "When we
  are settled in our new home, you can be sure that we will repay that debt.
  We understand the importance that the Gnarriot place upon the sensual pleasures
  and we intend to do all we can to cater for your needs and desires." Mayern
  looked coyly at the audience, giving a flirtatious smile and flashing her extended
  eye lashes.  
A joint "Hurrh" emerged from the assembled crew. Gnarff was evidently amused
  by Mayern's performance. His feelers were reaching out to Kelli and Shana,
  exploring their torsos, left naked by their lobster costumes.  
Gnarff held up a claw and the crew fell silent. Mayern turned towards him.
  Gnarff spoke. "You see, my friends. Your valour will be rewarded. Some of you
  already enjoy an allocation. Others will have the opportunity to sample Councillor
  Mayern's services soon. However, I have some further news. You will understand
  that we and the Federation have not always seen things in the same way. My
  last discussions with their ambassador were less than cordial. With the rescue
  mission complete we have the opportunity to discuss things again. I shall be
  meeting Ambassador Taylor shortly."  
Shana's eyes lit up behind her mask. Being careful to keep her thoughts to
  herself she glanced across at Kelli. Kelli nodded back. It was clear that the
  two of them had the same idea. If Taylor was returning, perhaps there was some
  chance of escape. 
Chapter 21   
Christa was sprawled on the bunk in her cabin, flicking in an idle way through
  the channels on the vid-screen. An empty bottle of the clear spirit that was
  the recreational beverage of choice for the Sol5g mercenaries lay on the floor.  
Nataya appeared at the door clutching a half empty bottle of her own. "I'm
  so bored," she hollered, drunkenly. "So, so bored."  
Christa looked up bleary eyed, "So, what's new? Boredom is the defining feature
  of life on this hulk. The most fun we had on this trip was playing slut tennis
  in zero-G on the Orbiter."  
"You wanna go do some more?"  
"Where? There's no zee-gee on this ship is there?"  
"Oh, yes, quite a few places. And I can think of something more fun than
  slut tennis." Nataya looked lasciviously at her friend and slipped the zip
  of her tunic down a couple of inches. "In fact, you bring your little toy and
  the toy bag," she pointed to Christa's "allocation" who was curled up on a
  blanket in a corner of the cabin, shackled to the wall and looking worried
  by the turn of events. "I'll bring mine and another bottle and I'll show you
  a great game."  
A short time later, Christa and Nataya were staggering along the lower deck
  corridor dragging their two slaves behind them.  
"Where? Where are we going to?" Christa slurred as they bumped up against
  an entry port. "Thish ishh enging &hellip; enginging &hellip; engisherriing.
  Oh, shit, I'm too drunk."  
"Engineering? Yepp. It's the main drive bay they keep this at zee-gee for
  ease of maintenance and &hellip;" Nataya slipped a card into the security lock "&hellip; I've
  found a key." The door hissed quietly and slid open letting the girls onto
  a platform that looked out over the vast space of the main drive bay. Warning
  signs confirmed that beyond the platform a zero gravity area existed. "Now
  this is the biggest playground your ever likely to see," smirked Nataya. "You
  and I are going to have some zee-gee loving with a little help from our toys.
  So let's get them stripped off."  
Fifteen minutes later, the two flight attendant had been bound, naked, in
  a kneeling position, back to back, each with their ankles taped to the other's
  knees. The wrists and elbows were tied tightly behind their backs and from
  these ties ropes ran back between their partner's legs, across their crotch
  and up to clamps that cut into their nipples. Each wriggle by one pulled the
  rope across the crotch of the other and jerked at her clamps. The struggle
  of response caused the same sensation for the first girl. The two were hanging
  in free fall, high up in the drive bay, desperately trying not to move.  
Christa and Nataya stripped off and launched themselves off of the floor
  of the engine bay towards their captive toys. Christa sat on the shoulders
  of one girl, straddling her face with her crotch and hooking her feet under
  the girl's arms. "Now you," she called to Nataya as her partner joined her
  and took up the same position. Christa reached out to stroke Nataya's breasts. "Isn't
  this more fun than squatting in the cabin?"  
"Uh, huh," Nataya responded, leaning forwards to Christa and kissing her
  passionately. The foursome began to spin slowly. Nataya grabbed her slave by
  the hair and pulled the girl's face against her cunt. "Better get sucking,
  honey, or else you're going to have to learn to breathe through your ears."  
Christa giggled and did the same to her slave. As their slaves complied,
  Christa and Nataya kissed, embraced and stroked. Their rising arousal caused
  the slaves to jerk at their crotch-tit ropes. As the foursome span slowly in
  zero-gravity, Nataya grabbed a spirit bottle from the floor of the bay, took
  a long pull of alcohol and passed it to her lover, laughing as she did so.  
Garan Duufrig looked up from his monitor. It wasn't often that there was
  something worth scanning on the surveillance cams. "This is just too good to
  be true," he thought as the four girls span weightlessly across the void of
  the drive bay. Nataya bucked hard against the face of her slave as the orgasm
  shook her. Moments later, Christa followed suit. The two leaned together kissed
  deeply and then, in perfect synchronism, back-flipped off their mounts. Sent
  spiraling across the bay by the reaction the two trussed slaves, squealed as
  their tormented cunts and nipples drove them to the same state. Christa and
  Nataya sprawled near the floor of the bay finishing off their spirit as the
  others wriggled, jerked and moaned, swinging across the vault of the drive
  bay. "This little vid is going to be worth soooo much!" He tapped the recording
  drive and the laser card slid out. He picked it up, switched off the monitor
  and headed back to his cabin.  
Chapter 22   
Kelli and Shana had been returned to their cell. Their guards had stripped
  them of their lobster costumes and now they lay sprawled on the floor, naked
  and secured by their chains.  
Shana rolled over on the sleeping platform and smiled at her friend. "I got
  us into this and now I think I can see a way out." She thought to her friend. "You
  heard Gnarff saying that the Ambassador is returning. That's our chance. We
  need to get out of these chains. Mead has the key. If we can force her to free
  us, we can reach Taylor and claim asylum from the Federation."  
Kelli fingered the steel collar and chain that held her prisoner. "We're
  thinking the same way. Mead will be back with that medi-bot at some point.
  There's tape in there we could use to tie her up. There are drugs there too,
  put her out for hours I would think. Maybe we could get help from Terril, Christa
  and Nataya. They didn't look too happy with what's gone on with us. I don't
  think they would take over the ship or anything like that but they might help
  us to get to Taylor."  
"Well sure," Shana came back. "We're all from Sol5 after all, got to stick
  together haven't we?"  
"Sure, enough, lover," thought Kelli, and reached out for her. The two of
  them fell together in a close embrace as sleep overtook them.  
Some time later, in his stateroom, Farrin Gnarff was peering at a scroll
  that had been passed to him by Shicnan Warrax.  
"I know you were interested to see any early results from the emission detector,
  Your Excellency. It still has difficulty in keeping a clear channel open but
  we are at least getting some results."  
"So, Chief Engineer, you are now able to pick up telepathic emissions?"  
"Yes, Excellency. Not reliably, not consistently, but to some extent. We
  cannot discriminate yet between multiple emitters, for example, and there are
  often gaps in the recordings."  
"And the prototype is positioned in the cell that my two slaves are held
  in?"  
"As you instructed, Excellency. Immediately above their sleep platform, sir.
  It was where we felt there would be the best chance of intercepting either
  telepathic conversation or dream emissions."  
"Hmmph, good." Gnarff grunted his approval.  
Gnarff looked at the transcript that Shicnan Warrax had handed to him. Many
  of the words were garbled, much had been distorted and the conversation had
  been broken up by hissing and crackling in the system. Gnarff could see enough
  to concern him though. "Mead has the key&hellip;.. there are drugs there too &hellip;..
  help from Terril, Christa and Nataya &hellip;. take over the ship &hellip;.
  all from Sol5." 
Chapter 23   
Two of Duufrig's slaves, Lemon and Peach, were standing on a platform at
  the front of the mess hall. They had little choice in the matter, each secured
  as they were to a pillar; wrists chained behind them and ankles bound.  
Behind them, on a large screen, a series of images cycled; one every few
  seconds. Lemon serving at table; Peach cleaning the cabin; Peach kneeling at
  Duufrig's side awaiting her orders; Lemon sprawled suggestively on Duufrig's
  bed.  
Both girls had been carefully inspected by prospective buyers. Lemon's wrap-around
  top had been opened, leaving her breasts bared; Peach's skirt had been pulled
  up showing her shaved belly. Neither had protested, the bright red balls strapped
  into their mouths saw to that.  
Garan Duufrig stepped on to the platform between the two girls. He tapped
  the microphone; a crackle indicated that it was working and the hubbub from
  the assembled crowd of Gnarriott crew subsided. "The first lot, Peach," he
  gestured towards Marni to his right, "is #0014395. This is a 100% genetically
  validated, Sol3a, female from the Northern Hemisphere temperate regions. I
  think you can see the physical attributes that make this lot an attractive
  proposition &ndash; well defined secondary sexual characteristics," The audience
  gave a collective snort of approval as Marni wriggled in protest and her top
  fell completely open. "However, she also has the full set of domestic skills
  as well &ndash; so you can expect to get back to a well cleaned cabin before
  you get to explore her other delights."  
He turned to Marni and then to the audience. "I have a previous bid of 4000
  credits. Who will start me at 5000?"  
A response came almost immediately and bids soon ran up to 10,000. Marni
  meanwhile was struggling against her pillar but was achieving little other
  than to further excite the audience. Duufrig just smiled, he could see she
  was just helping the price.  
From the back of the mess hall, Professor Margaret Mead looked on with distaste.
  The braying of the crew as the bids climbed higher and the whoops of approval
  as Marni struggled disgusted her. There was only one way that she could see
  to ease the lot of the Sol3 women and that was through the Federation and Ambassador
  Taylor.  
As the bidding for Marni closed at 12350 credits, the mess hall PA system
  gave the warning chime that preceded a general stations announcement. "Stand
  by for docking with Federation Cruiser Thallaxapod in 60 minutes," the announcer
  called, "Air lock party in dress uniforms to pipe Ambassador Taylor aboard."  
Duufrig waved to a group of four as they shuffled out from the back of the
  hall. "Sorry you guys will miss this," he called to them as they headed off
  to change in readiness for Taylor's arrival. "But never mind," he turned back
  to the remainder of the audience. "We still have time to put the second of
  our lots on sale." Lemon squealed into her gag and the audience gave a cheer. "I
  think we have to start at 10,000 for this one."  
Margaret Mead watched from the observation bay as the Federation cruiser
  Thallaxapod drew alongside. The ship's docking tube eased out to connect with
  the Gnarriot freighter's main airlock. She checked herself in a mirror. She
  had chosen the same dress that she had worn when she and Taylor had first met.
  It had made an impact on him then and she needed to attract his attention now.
  She turned away from the viewing port and made her way towards the main airlock.  
The guard of honour was already in place. Mead arrived just as Taylor and
  his party stepped through onto the freighter. Side stepping the guard, Mead
  walked directly up to Ambassador Taylor.  
"Welcome again Ambassador," she said warmly.  
"Why, thank you. Professor Mead, isn't it?" He smiled in response.  
"Yes, it is good of you to remember."  
"Well normally remembering those we have met is one of the tasks that the
  diplomat must put great effort into. In your case, however, Professor, I must
  confess I manage it with no difficulty."  
"Goodness, Ambassador. I take that as a compliment."  
"Well thank you, it was how it was intended."  
Mead returned his smile. "Ambassador, I know that you will have a tight schedule
  but I would welcome the opportunity to tell you a little more of our work here.
  Perhaps you could join me for a drink later?"  
"I'd like to be able to find the time, but.."  
"Oh, come now Ambassador a few minutes surely? I am sure that your schedule
  must allow you some time for relaxation." She leant in closely to Taylor and
  whispered into his ear. "And I do think there are some things that the Federation
  should understand about the Sol3a programme. Things that I could not discuss
  before if you understand what I say."  
"I see. Well, in that case, I am sure I can make time after my discussions
  with the Lord Protector. Until later, then."  
"Excellent, Ambassador. Well I must not keep you from your real business." Taylor's
  party reached the corridor that led to Gnarff's state room. Mead left under
  watchful eye of the honour guard as Taylor was ushered on towards Gnarff's
  presence.  
At the control desk in his stateroom, Farrin Gnarff, reached forward with
  a claw and snapped at the switch for the video screen. The image of Mead leaning
  forward conspiratorially to Taylor faded from the screen. Gnarff sighed with
  disappointment. Then a short buzz announced the arrival of the ambassador.  
Chapter 24   
Ambassador Taylor and Farrin Gnarff had been talking for over two hours.
  Finally Taylor got to his feet. "Well, Your Excellency," he said, "I am pleased
  that we have agreement. My Council will be most satisfied, Lord Protector,
  that Forgwin is to become such a valued ally of the Federation."  
"Of, course Ambassador," Gnarff accepted the ambassador's compliments with
  grace, "surely you had no doubt than we would stand by our commitments to the
  Federation?"  
"No, indeed, but now we have a practical way forward. It is also most satisfactory
  that are you able to be so helpful in identifying and addressing the problems
  of the inter-galactic criminality that so concern us all. Your assistance in
  attacking the malevolent forces in the galaxy is invaluable."  
"Yes. Your troopers will wish to take action, immediately I assume."  
"Indeed." Taylor gestured to the communicator on his belt. "With your permission,
  Lord Protector."  
"Naturally."  
Taylor pressed a button on the communicator and moments later two Federation
  troopers arrived at the door of the meeting room. Taylor handed the first of
  them a paper. The two saluted and withdrew.  
Inside their cell, Kelli and Shana had spent the last twenty four hours in
  chains. With nothing but water to drink and no contact with the outside world
  of the Gnariott ship they felt abandoned. They were, at least, able to exchange
  thoughts with one another. They had tried to recover from the trauma of their
  public rape and the bizarre humiliation of their Gnarriott costumes but there
  had been no further medical attention once Mead had left them. They thought
  about their escape plans. They now knew how to take Mead hostage. They were
  sure she would come to them in their cell before the Tallaxapod left.  
Demanding safe passage on the Thallaxapod was their best opportunity for
  escape and they were determined to try when Mead appeared. Brutalised sexually,
  naked, stiff and sore from their chains, they could only wait in hope.  
Then, miraculously, hope seemed to be rewarded. The cell door sprang open
  to reveal the figure of a Federation trooper. He picked up his communicator
  and called into it, "I've found them, sir. Yes, No, they're shackled. Right,
  Sir. I'll bring them up." He strode over to where they sat and unlocked the
  ring that held their chains to the wall. "Come along with me ladies," he smiled. "You
  won't see any more of this cell."  
The two girls gave grunts of relief as he helped them to their feet and led
  them from the cell. They knew that they were following the corridors back towards
  Gnarff's suite but now they were less fearful, taking comfort from the Federation
  trooper's presence even though their wrists and ankles were still shackled.  
Chapter 25   
Back in his suite, Farrin Gnarff was still entertaining Ambassador Taylor.
  The two were talking amiably, each drinking from exquisitely cut crystal goblets.  
"Well, Ambassador," Gnarff began, "we must discuss exactly what the Federation
  wishes us to do. I can see that the Federation is concerned by the fact that
  our system stands between the territories of the Federation and the threats
  from the Aliansis Empire. I see that Aliansis is acting against the interests
  of the Federation but they have long courted Forgwin and we have always looked
  favourably on their approaches. There has been a long history to our special
  relationship with Aliansis as you know. However, Ambassador, I must say that
  your latest proposals have helped us to see where our best interests now lie."  
One of Taylor's troopers appeared with Kelli and Shana in tow. The two girls
  were puzzled to see Gnarff and Taylor, side by side on the state-room's couch,
  deep in conversation.  
Their confusion was increased moments later when two more of Taylor's troopers
  appeared holding between them a helpless and struggling Dr Mead. I'm sorry
  Sir," one of the troopers said, apologetically. "We had to use a silencer." Mead
  had been pulled from her bed, still wearing her short, grey, sleep tunic. She
  was handcuffed and ball gagged, her long white hair caught up in the gag's
  strapped and padlocked harness. A reddening lump on her temple told of the
  fight she had put up as the troopers had seized her.  
Gnarff looked impassively at the captive anthropologist
    and ignoring her muffled protests, turned towards Taylor. "Ambassador, I
    am disturbed to have to tell you that your suspicions of improper actions
    in relation to the liberation of the Sol3a women were correct. It has been
    painful for me to discover that some of those closest to me appear to have
    conspired in an act of treachery that would have undermined the emerging
    co-operation between the Forgwin system and the Federation. However, we know
    what our commitments to the Federation require."   
Ambassador  Taylor got up from the couch.
  He turned to the struggling albino. "Doctor Allison Mead, you have been arrested
  by the authority of the Federation under suspicion of involvement with inter-planetary
  slave trafficking. You are accused of subverting the welfare and ecological
  support programmes that the Forgwin system had put in place for Sol3a in order
  to acquire slaves which you intended to traffic to the Aliansis Empire."  
Mead shook her head and tried to protest through her gag.  
Taylor continued. "Because of the security concerns in this sector you will
  be transhipped on the Federation vessel Thallaxapod and held awaiting trial
  in a detention facility. You will be under the legal jurisdiction of the Federation
  military courts. Interrogation will determine the extent of further charges
  to be brought. The courts may choose to allocate council to your case if it
  appears that there is sufficient evidence of a defence requiring support."  
Mead struggled impotently against the troopers. Taylor turned towards Kelli
  and Shana who were now held securely by the two troopers that had brought them
  to the state room. "Kelli Failte and Shana Wilson, you have been identified
  as part of Mead's conspiracy. You will also be held pending your testimony
  as witnesses or to answer charges under related offences."  
The two girls shook their heads in denial and tried to grunt denials but
  Taylor ignored them. Further commotion from the corridor outside the state
  room heralded the arrival of three further troopers. Crista, Nataya and Terril
  were dragged into the chamber. Each wore the same type of locked harness gag
  that held Mead silent, each was shackled hand and foot.  
All three had been in bed. Nataya was naked. Gnarff noticed, intrigued, that
  she had a tattoo of Sol5 across her belly carefully positioned so that her
  protruding navel made the planet's famous great red spot.  
Taylor gestured towards the line of women. "I
    assume that these are the remaining perpetrators?"   
"Indeed. I am pleased that you were able to
    secure them so swiftly." Gnarff leant forward in a conspiratorial manner
    towards Taylor. "This appears to have been an extensive plot by some of those
    from Sol5G. Two of the them," he waved a claw towards Kelli and Shana, "were
    put aboard my ship as part of an elaborate charade. It appears that they
    succeeded in subverting Dr Mead here. Then, together with these others that
    had assisted in our rescue mission for Sol3a, they aimed to prevent the establishing
    of the new colony. Instead, they intended to trade the entire population."   
Taylor repeated the charges that the three
    mercenaries were to answer and turned to Gnarrf. "A remarkable business.
    Lord Protector. An audacious enterprise by any assessment. How did this come
    to light? You must be pleased that your intelligence activities are so diligent."   
"Well, Ambassador, you will understand that
    in circumstances like these the methods we have to use are, shall I say,
    less orthodox than would perhaps be the case in a conventional criminal case.
    Be assured, however, that there is sufficient information available to warrant
    the detention of this group. I would hardly be keen to have Mead arrested &ndash; after
    all she has been the architect of the Sol3a relocation programme. Of course,
    I see now that her interest in the programme was not for the humanitarian
    reasons that I had thought. But Ambassador, as I know you understand, Forgwin
    has already made it clear that we wish to collaborate with the Federation
    in suppressing any form of slave trading&hellip;&hellip;."   
"Lord Protector, the Federation is most grateful for you help in assisting
  us. I can see that we have shared goals nt just in relation to Aliansis. The
  apprehension of the criminal Mead and her associates demonstrates Forgwin's
  commitment to ridding this sector of any question of slave trading."  
Taylor went on. "Now, to more practical matters. In exchange for the rights
  to establish a military base as part of our front against Aliansis we will
  be making available funding to help establish the new Sol3a colony. We are
  sure that your plans for the colony will enable it to be self-funding in time
  and will create a valuable R&amp;R facility for Federation forces as well as
  giving us a strategic base in this sector. I think that the arrangements suit
  all of us."  
"Err, excuse me sir." One of the troopers that had arrested Crista, Nataya
  and Terrill, spoke up.  
Taylor looked towards the trooper. "What is it sergeant?"  
"Sorry to interrupt sir, but it's what you said about R&amp;R&hellip; When
  we arrested these three they had four Sol3a women in their cabins. There were
  two that they had brought with them and two that claim they had been sold to
  these women in some way."  
"I see," said Taylor. "Well that's just more evidence of their involvement
  in trafficking. What's your point, sergeant?"  
"Sir, they should be repatriated with the rest of the Sol3a women, of course,
  but me and the lads were wondering if they might be allowed to show their gratitude
  for being rescued in some way. A little R&amp;R for the lads, if you see what
  I mean, sir. I'm sure the girls would be keen, they seemed very grateful when
  we took these three away."  
"Ambassador, let me help here," Gnarff interjected.  
"Of course, Protector, these women are under your care in any case."  
"Yes, yes. Well the troopers here have done an excellent job. I, for one
  think efficiency should be rewarded. As a desired virtue in those around me
  it comes second only to loyalty," he shot a sneering look towards Mead. "I
  will talk to Councillor Mayern, she has responsibility for establishing these
  services. She should start by helping out your loyal and effective squad here.
  Leave it to me."  
"There sergeant, you have your answer," Taylor smiled.  
"Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, your lord protectorship, the lads will&hellip;"  
"Yes, yes,, I am sure." Gnarff cut him off. "Now get these criminals to their
  security pens. You'll hear from Mayern later."  
"Yes sir, right away, sir." The sergeant gestured to his squad and the six
  women captives were hustled out of the state room.  
Chapter 26   
Farrin Gnarff poured himself a large glass of the foaming alcoholic brew
  that Forgwin was famous for. He reached out with one claw and flipped a switch
  on the control panel beside his chair. The video screen sprang into life showing
  a comfortably furnished room, one of those that had been previously used to
  house Mead's anthropological study collection.  
In the room, Councillor Mayern was sprawled languidly on a couch. Gnarff
  was pleased to see that her conditioning was working so well. Her dress was
  black, low cut and sleeveless; the bodice tightly boned; the skirt, skin tight
  to her calves where it splayed like the bell of a trumpet. She wore velvet
  gloves that reached over her elbows. Beside her stood the sergeant that had
  led the arresting troopers, resplendent in full dress uniform; at the far end
  of the couch stood Deeta Janes, her wrists and ankles shackled.  
Gnarff twisted the gain control for the sound level in the room and Mayern's
  voice could be clearly heard. "Well, young lady, I hope you are impressed by
  the trouble your rescuer has gone to. Does he not look splendid?"  
"Yes, Councillor. Sorry, yes, Madame," Deeta stuttered.  
"Well, I am sure you will want to show just how grateful you are to be freed
  from the grips of the Sol5 mercenaries. I will leave you together. Sergeant,
  I am sure you will have a pleasurable time."  
The sergeant gave an embarrassed cough. "Thank you Madame Gabrielle. I am
  sure I shall."  
Gabrielle Mayern got to her feet and left the room. The sergeant watched
  as she walked away, each step hampered by the tightness of her skirt and the
  height of the heels that she wore. He turned back to face Deeta and sat on
  the couch. "What's your name, girl?" he asked.  
"Deeta, sir, if that pleases you. Or anything you choose."  
The sergeant grinned. She had evidently been well schooled. "No, Deeta will
  be fine." He beckoned to her to approach him. "I like your costume," he said. "Where
  does it come from?"  
"Well sir, on Sol3a in the past there were women that were known for the
  pleasure that they brought to their men. Madame Gabrielle thought it would
  be appropriate if we were to dress as they did. Women of the harem, she called
  them, I think."  
"And were these women always veiled as you are?" The sergeant reached out
  to Deeta and traced his finger across the diaphanous cloth that covered the
  lower half of her face.  
"I think so, Sir. Their faces were veiled but their bodies were on display
  as you see mine. I think it was intended to excite their lovers."  
The sergeant looked across at Deeta. The white and gold trimmed costume pushed
  her breasts together emphasizing her cleavage. Her belly was bare and her legs
  could be glimpsed through the sheer cloth of the skirt that hung from the thick
  gold belt that circled her hips. "You can be sure it works for me, honey," he
  smirked.  
Deeta hung her head in embarrassment. The sergeant sensed that she was blushing
  beneath her veil. "Hey, don't get all coy," he laughed. "That's the effect
  you wanted isn't it?"  
"Well I don't know, this is all very new to me. I am very grateful of course
  and Councillor, I mean, Madame Mayern has asked me to be nice to you but I
  don't know, I've mean I've never, not with, well, not with a man you understand."  
"How come? You're a good looking girl; I'd have thought you'd be fighting
  them off."  
.  
"No, on Sol3a it was not possible. There were no men there, no male humanoids
  at all. In fact the idea of men was a mystery to us. We know that there used
  to be men on Sol3a thousands of years ago but they were never spoken of. Some
  of the girls at my school claimed to know how men and women used to reproduce
  but we never really believed them."  
"You'll find we can be enjoyable bed partners, Deeta. I'll be happy to give
  you a little education." The sergeant grasped the chain that linked Deeta's
  wrist shackles and pulled her towards him. She fell to her knees at his side.  
"Oh, no, please no," she protested.  
"Come now my little harem slave, I thought you were here to please me? Don't
  worry. Get busy with your fingers here&hellip;" He pointed to the criss-cross
  lacing that closed his uniform breeches. "I'm sure you girls got to pleasure
  one another with your fingers, tongues, lips and your teeth. I suggest you
  set to in similar way with what you find in there." He pushed her towards his
  crotch.  
Deeta tried to pull away but the Sergeant pulled her back. "My pleasure,
  your job," he snarled. "Don't make me force you." He raised his hand as if
  to strike her.  
The girl was sobbing now as she fumbled with his breeches. As they opened,
  the Sergeant's erect penis sprang from within. Deeta fell back in shock. "What
  is that?" she gasped.  
The Sergeant smirked. "What makes us different from women. Get used to it,
  You'll be seeing plenty more. Though not many as good as that, I fancy."  
Deeta stared, fascinated, at the Sergeant's cock and its glistening tip. "Don't
  just look," the Sergeant ordered, losing patience. He reached forward and tore
  the veil from Deeta's face. "Get that out of the way and take it in your mouth." He
  grasped the hair at the back of her head and pushed her face down towards his
  cock. Deeta cried out in pain as he twisted her hair but she did as he asked
  and took his cock into her mouth. She gagged against its salty taste and the
  bulk of it but the Sergeant kept her head pressed in place, thrusting his crotch
  against her face. She did as best she could to suck and lick at the Sergeant's
  cock but he was soon lost in animal passion, grinding away until Deeta felt
  his cock suddenly shake in spasm, filling her mouth with his cum.  
The Sergeant sank back on the couch. Deeta tied to pull away, coughing, with
  cum trickling from the corner of her mouth. The Sergeant leant forward clamping
  his hand over her mouth. "Oh no you don't," he grunted, "you need to get used
  to the taste." He picked up the torn veil and stretched it across her mouth. "It's
  about time you learned that it's what us men want that you'll be serving up.
  He knotted the cloth at the back of her head, gagging her. "That mouth of yours
  was OK. Let's see what else you've got."  
He wrenched at the top of her costume and it tore away, revealing her breasts. "Very
  nice," he grinned. "It's a shame to keep them covered up." Deeta tried to grab
  the ripped cloth back to her. The Sergeant slapped her face and grabbed the
  chain between her wrist shackles. Deeta gave a muffled cry as the Sergeant
  dragged her onto the couch. "We also like to see what's down here," he laughed
  as he pulled her skirt away from her. He thrust his hand between her thighs
  and forced his fingers into her cunt. She cried as he twisted his hand and
  squealed as he pinched at her tits with his other hand. She struggled under
  his weight as he rolled over on top of her.  
"There you are girl. All that struggling is getting me going again." Deeta
  felt the Sergeant's cock swelling again between her legs. "Now this is what
  it's really about."  
Deeta gasped into her gag as the Sergeant thrust home.  
In the viewing gallery, Gnarff sat back and watched. Alongside him stood
  Mayern, also watching but apparently without emotion. Gnarff snorted with approval
  as the Sergeant spent himself into Deeta's cunt. It was nice to see, he thought,
  that Federation troops were as capable of enjoying themselves as well as his
  own. Perhaps this alliance could be made to work.  
Chapter 27   
Ambassador Taylor was in deep conversation with Lord Protector Gnarff in
  the security bay of the Federation Criuiser Thallaxapod.  
"Lord Protector, I thought that before your ship departed you would be keen
  to see how we are dealing with the accused. I completely agree with you that
  it is no-one's interests to bring this group to trial just yet. To do so would
  perhaps disrupt the foundation of the new colony. Even with a secure hearing
  it is possible that word would leak out and alert the others that you will
  be seeking to arrest. I came to the conclusion that the best course was for
  me to sign a stasis order for each of them. We can review it once the colony
  is fully operational and once you have completed any further investigations
  that seem necessary."  
"Excellent Ambassador," Gnarff beamed with approval. "Are you confident that
  stasis technology will provide a reliable way of containing them?"  
"Oh, yes. That is why I asked you here. I thought that you would be keen
  to see how we had implemented the stasis orders." Taylor beckoned Gnarff forward
  as Federation troopers swung open two heavy doors.  
Inside the next room the lighting was dim lit but along each wall it was
  possible to make out the rows of stasis tanks. The clear, cylinders, two metres
  tall and half a metre wide, were each just large enough to hold one humanoid.
  Above each blinked a pair of lights, one amber, one green.  
Gnarff peered into the room with interest. "I can see that the Federation
  has some advanced technology here. How does it differ from the hibernation
  systems we are using for the Sol3a women? We have found the hibernation system
  provides an effective mechanism and we can administer it on a wide scale as
  you have seen. This is obviously much more difficult to scale up."  
Taylor warmed to his subject, keen to be able to inform Gnarff of the Federations
  innovations in the field. "Yes that's true. The main differences as I understand
  it are that your hibernation approach renders the subject unconscious and unaware
  of passing time whereas here the subject is completely conscious and aware
  of time but is unable to act."  
"Intriguing, an appropriate approach when used as a means of punitive detention."  
"That was one of the reasons behind the development. It means we can detain
  an offender for a year but they experience a detention of 5 times that length.
  It saves our resources and you can be assured it has acted as a considerable
  deterrent. However, these detainees have not been found guilty of any crime
  yet. There are other reasons for using stasis in this case. Here we can revive
  the subjects and re-apply the stasis field without significant neurological
  or physical effect &ndash; that is essential if we wish to interrogate the
  subject on a regular basis as we will no doubt need to."  
"Ah, I see," Gnarff approved. "That is certainly not possible using our hibernation
  methods.  
"And of course we can apply a stasis field for much longer than current hibernation
  techniques. What would you expect as a safe maximum for your hibernation approach?"  
Gnarff looked thoughtful. "Perhaps 12 months, maybe 15 months, no more."  
"Well these tubes are rated at up to 5 years. It is a far more practical
  solution for this type of problem - I would not be surprised if the investigations
  took some time."  
Gnarff peered closely at the tubes. Those that were occupied were illuminated
  by a pale light that fluoresced slightly on the gelatinous medium inside them.
  In each the occupant, naked and motionless, hung suspended by the gel.  
In the nearest tube Mead floated, her feet perhaps six inches above the bottom
  of the tube, her arms hanging limply at her side, her white hair slicked back
  against her head and held in a pony tail that streamed away behind her.  
"Can you see how they are maintained, Protector?" Taylor asked, before leaping
  on to explain. "The mask delivers the low levels of oxygen needed and removes
  carbon dioxide, obviously. The catheters to the arms provide nutrition and
  the stasis drugs. They also manage excretion functions. The gel provides a
  low sensitivity temperature controlled environment and the electrical leads
  allow us to monitor vital functions much as in any hibernaculum. They also
  let us initiate the wake/sleep cycles."  
Gnarff turned back towards Taylor. "And thinking of the need for interrogation;
  how often can you cycle a subject?"  
"These tubes are rated for 40 cycles per individual session. After that there
  needs to be a minimum of six months between sessions but then the cycles can
  be repeated. We have some developments that can provide around double the number
  of cycles but there is an increased risk of memory impairment with each additional
  cycle. That would be a definite drawback for subjects such as these. I imagine
  we will wish to interview them repeatedly and will be looking for high levels
  of recall about their alleged conspiracy."  
"Hmm?" Gnarff seemed distracted. "Oh, yes of course. I am sure you will be
  most thorough. We expect to gain corroborative evidence from other sources,
  though."  
Kelli and Shana were in the two tanks next to Mead. As Gnarff looked at them
  Kelli gave a shudder and Shana twitched in response. After a moment the two
  women were still once again. Gnarff looked surprised. "What causes that?"  
"We're not sure. It's not been observed in the others. They are aware of
  some of what is happening around them, of course. It may be some neurological
  response. It's also been suggested that there is some psychic interaction.
  The gel serves to reduce sound and visual inputs to the subject but there is
  a possibility that it may amplify mind reading propensities."  
"Ah, interesting. They were both strong psychic emitters as you know. Still
  to return to your point regarding the interrogation of these subjects&hellip;.."  
"Yes. Well I propose that we should use our intelligence division, I think
  that the issues involved are too important to be left to our normal policing
  officers. After all, if proven, the acts of these women threatened the cooperation
  between Forgwin and the Federation. We cannot be too careful where the threat
  from Aliansis is concerned."  
"No indeed, Ambassador. I agree with your approach. In the mean time I intend
  to pursue further proof at what appears to be the heart of this problem."  


Chapter 28   
Garan Duufrig was sitting at the navigation console. A final check of the
  lamps on the panel revealed that all was well with the shuttle cylinders. He
  spoke into the microphone of his headset. "Shuttle cylinders ready for separation.
  Undock sequence commences in sixty minutes." He pressed a button on the panel
  in front of him and watched as counters for each cylinder started to tick away
  the seconds until the latches that held them unfastened and they were to ease
  away from the freighter, setting off on a trajectory for the surface of Forgwin5c &ndash; the
  moon designated for the new colony.  
Duufrig watched the ticking numbers with a mixture of regret and satisfaction.
  He had certainly enjoyed the use of Lemon, Lime and Peach but he had got out
  at the right time. He he had taken his profit at the best possible moment.
  Once it had become clear that all the Sol3a women would be going into the colony
  and that his ship would not be waiting around, there hadn't been any trading
  opportunities for those that had bought into Sol3a company.  
All of the "allocations" that had been passed out to the crew had been brought
  back earlier in the day. Some of the "owners" had been pretty displeased but
  the security Gnarriotts hadn't been prepared to argue. Many of the women now
  realised what their fate was to be and had resisted the guards that came for
  them. It had done them no good either, of course.  
Each of the women in turn had been collected from whichever cabin they had
  been billeted in. Stripped of their clothes they had all been taken to the
  crew mess hall, where they had been herded together naked. The security Gnarriotts
  corralled the women with electric prods, making sure that they were all huddled
  closely together. There were about two hundred women in the hall when Gabrielle
  Mayern and Farrin Gnarrf came out onto the platform in front of them.  
Gnarff said nothing but watched as Mayern stepped forward to the front of
  the platform. "Ladies," she had said, "I know that some of you may be afraid
  but you need no longer worry. We must now make ready for the next stage on
  our journey. Those of you with even numbered designators, listen to me." There
  was a shuffling in the hall as the women checked the bar coded numbers on their
  arms. "If you have an even numbered designator please leave the room by the
  door behind you. Those of you with odd numbered designators remain here."  
The women chosen to leave looked towards the platform with concern. Mayern
  tried to reassure them, security Gnarriotts moved forwards with their prods
  and slowly the women began to leave. As they filed out of the room they exchanged
  anxious glances with those remaining, neither knowing their own fate or the
  fates of the others.  
Mayern watched as the women left. She spoke out to the remainder. "Please
  do not be concerned for your friends. They will come to no harm but you have
  been chosen for an important role. You have been selected as pioneer founders
  for our new colony. Behind you, you will find three closets. Inside you will
  find new clothes, suitable for your new roles as pioneers." Mayern pointed
  to the back of the hall. "Please ladies, robe yourselves."  
Gnarff grunted with satisfaction as the women began forming themselves into
  lines at the doors to the closets. Occasionally there were sharp cries as a
  prod shocked one of the women into line.  
As each reached the head of the line they were handed a long white robe.  
Marni Carris stepped forward. The attendant ticked off her number, #0014395,
  as she passed one of the identical robes to her. She looked around at the other
  women and, like them, began to pull on the dress, grateful to be able to cover
  herself again, anxious to protect herself from the gaze of the watching Gnarriotts.
  The robe fitted her loosely, hanging down to the floor and draping across her
  full breasts. The halter neck left her back, shoulders and arms bare. As well
  as the robe itself she had been given a head dress - a golden slide that held
  drapes of cloth reaching from her head down to golden bracelets on her wrists.
  She was dressed but as she looked down at herself and then at the others she
  could see that she was barely covered. The Gnarriott guards returned her look
  with their own featureless stares but she knew what they were thinking.  
Gnarff watched the women dressing for a few moments, pleased that they were
  not needing more encouragement. He turned to Mayern. Gripping her by the arm
  he took her to the edge of the stage. He slid the tip of his other claw down
  her cheek. "Now, the others," he said.  
Chapter 29   
As the women of Sol3a were being prepared to establish their colony, Allison
  Mead remained in stasis. Months went by as the Thallaxapod cruised further
  and further from the Forgwin system with its cargo of accused traitors.  
Hanging suspended in the glutinous gel of the stasis tube, naked, Mead was
  dimly aware of the world around her, but acutely aware of the passing of time.
  She was partly conscious, able to sense in some respects, but unable to move &ndash; no
  thought could stir her muscles. Through the gel she sensed brightness as lights
  came on in the tube chamber.  
She felt a change in the air being pumped to her mask and a curious, cold,
  sensation in the vein where the stasis drugs were introduced. Slowly, full
  consciousness began to return and as it did so she felt the stasis gel draining
  out of the tube. As the level of the gel fell, she drifted down in the tube.
  Unable to support herself after what seemed like an eternity in stasis, she
  collapsed against the side. The last of the gel slid away and Mead watched
  helplessly from the floor of the tube as the door in front of her opened.  
Hands reached into the tube, disconnecting Mead from the breathing, feeding
  and drug tubes, and pulling her out. Two men in white laboratory coats supported
  her as she tried, unsuccessfully, to walk. They steered her to a shower cubicle
  at the far end of the tube hall and helped her inside. She collapsed in the
  tray of the shower. They looked at her impassively and hosed the remains of
  the gel from her body. She coughed, unused to breathing without the assistance
  of the mask that had fed her oxygen for the preceding months. There was no
  towel for her but once the shower had finished one of the men tossed a shirt
  to her. Still unable to stand without assistance, she sat in the well of the
  shower as she pulled the shirt on and tried to cover her nakedness. She realised
  the shirt had no fastenings. It took up the wetness from her body and clung
  to it.  
Without a word, the men pulled her to her feet and dragged her from the shower.
  She was half pulled, half carried from the tube hall, across a corridor and
  into a brightly lit room. The men took Mead to the centre of the room and laid
  her on the leather covered couch that stood there. Mead collapsed weakly onto
  it, blinking in the bright light.  
"Here, there is a drink for you." Mead heard a woman's voice from behind
  and a glass of pale brown liquid was passed to her. "Don't worry it is only
  a glucose mixture. You will need something as the effect of the stasis chemicals
  wears off."  
She took the glass unsteadily in both hands and took a sip. The liquid was
  warm and sweet.  
"Good. You will feel better for that." As Mead sipped at the drink the woman
  walked around the couch. She turned to the men. "Thank you, gentlemen, I'll
  take over now."  
Mead looked at the woman. She was wearing a Federation military uniform;
  the same grey trousers and shirt worn by the men that had pulled Mead from
  the stasis tube. She saw that the woman wore the insignia of a captain.  
"How do you feel?"  
"Shaky, slightly sick, hungover."  
"Hmm, that's normal. The glucose will help. Sit still. It will feel easier
  in a few minutes. The effects of stasis take some time to clear. While you
  recover let me introduce myself. I am Captain Jarrin Tarn of the Federation
  Intelligence Corps. I am responsible for assessing your defence. You do recall
  why you were in stasis, don't you?"  
"Uhh, oh, yes" Mead answered trying to shake the after effects of the drugs
  from her system.  
"Good that will make things easier.  
Chapter 30   
She was almost unable to think for herself anymore. From the moment she had
  followed the evacuation call and left her home she had lost control of her
  life. Drugged insensible by the mask she had put on after boarding; brought
  awake again to be allocated to one of the crew, numbered and renamed; her life
  on Sol3a seemed a lifetime away. Now naked, staring down at the even number
  tattooed on her arm she shuffled in line behind the other as they left the
  pioneer founders behind them.  
Only a few days before she had been dressed in her short lemon skirt and
  tight low cut top, serving the Gnarriott navigation officer Duufrig. Then she
  had been dragged away chained, gagged and put on sale to another Gnarriott
  who had barely had time to get her to his cabin before the security squads
  had appeared to round them up in readiness for the rendezvous with Forgwin5's
  moon. Now Lemon wondered what more was to come as they were herded into the
  next room to sit, waiting, on the floor.  
The security Gnarriots that had brought them there stood impassively beside
  the exits, obviously ready to stop any woman that tried to leave but not needing
  to take any action beyond the idle clack of a claw if any of them even tried
  to stand. Lemon looked up as Mayern and Farrin Gnarff entered. The guards stiffened
  to attention and the women got to their feet in anticipation.  
Mayern was about to speak. Lemon was close to the platform where Mayern and
  Gnarff stood, she could see clearly that Gnarff was holding the back of her
  neck. At first it looked like a tender gesture but as Mayern spoke Lemon could
  see that Gnarff was lightly gripping her with a claw that threatened to snap
  shut at the first sign of any deviation from a carefully prepared script.  
"Ladies," Mayern began. "Your colleagues have been selected to be the pioneering
  founders of our colony. Some of you will already have had the chance to experience
  what it means to serve our hosts," she looked down towards Lemon and appeared
  to smile directly at her. "You will know that at times it was difficult, that
  you needed at times to be urged to obey by the security staff. In our colony
  the Gnarriott will be our guests, we cannot expect them to provide security
  for us, we have to provide our own. It will be your task to ensure that our
  pioneer founders fulfil their destiny."  
A moan of discontent ran around the room. Cries of "No" began to erupt. The
  heads of the guards swung in the direction of the dissidents.  
Mayern went on. "I understand your concerns but you must realise that we
  have to act together for the good of us all." Gnarff nodded in agreement. "I
  am sure that the guards will be happy to take those of you that are unable
  to act with us to re-join the pioneer founders but I would not advise that
  as a choice for any of you. By taking on this role you stand the chance to
  make your own lives better and also can make the lot of your colleagues safer
  and easier.  
Gnarff nodded to two of the guards. They pushed three large crates into the
  centre of the room. Mayern gestured to the crates. "Please line up and collect
  your uniforms. You need to be dressed and ready to enter the shuttle in thirty
  minutes."  
Lemon joined the queue shuffling forward towards the crates, anxious about
  what was to come but curious about the future as well. As she reached the head
  of the queue she was handed a bundle of purple clothing. She turned it over
  trying to work out how to wear it, looking at her companions who were equally
  seeing what should be done with it.  
Eventually she made a start. There were two pieces, a skirt and top. The
  skirt was easy and there was little enough of it. Cut low on her hips it barely
  covered her sex at the front but hung down longer at the back forming a point
  that reached to the back of her knees. The top was more complicated but by
  watching the others Lemon discovered how it should be worn.  
Firstly tapes ran around her chest, just below her breasts. Lemon pulled
  up two triangles of cloth apparently intended to cover them. They only just
  succeeded, in spite of the fact that Lemon was hardly the most generously endowed
  of the women there. The triangles were joined together and further tapes allowed
  the top to be fastened behind the neck. This left a flap of cloth with more
  tapes hanging down at her front. Puzzled at first Lemon soon realised that
  the flap was designed to be worn as a mask, the tapes fastened behind her head,
  the flap covering all of the lower half of her face and draping down under
  her chin where it joined on to the rest of her top.  
She looked around at the others, seeing that they were all now dressed and
  as bizarrely masked as herself. Mayern began speaking again from the platform.  
"Ladies, thank you," she began. "You are now fully accredited security officers
  of the Forgwin5c colony. Your duties will be to ensure the safety of both our
  flounders and our guests. You shall be granted such powers and facilities as
  are needed to provide for these duties. Your masks will ensure that there is
  no question of your charges conspiring against you. I am sure you will all
  perform your roles well. Now please enter the shuttle."  
As the masked women shuffled silently from the room under the watchful eyes
  of their Gnarriott guards, Gnarff used his claw to spin Mayern around to face
  him. "Well done," he grunted approvingly. "You're doing a good job of looking
  out for your girls. Keep them in line and their lives won't be too difficult." Gnarff
  snaked one his feelers around Mayern's waist. She struggled as the tip of the
  feeler slipped between the fastenings of her blouse and slid across her belly
  and up towards her breasts. Gnarff was amused by her silent, fruitless, efforts
  to evade his touch. "Now, Councillor, he smirked. I think we still have time
  for you to offer me some entertainment before your shuttle leaves."  
Chapter 31   
"How long is Tarn going to be working over that Mead cunt?" Trooper Genes
  pulled an illicitly stowed alco-pep can from a locker in the corner of the
  security suite and tore the cap off. He and his colleague had been on duty
  in the stasis chamber when security had come to take Mead for her interrogation.  
"Two hours at least, I reckon, they'll be wanting her to give a deposition,
  I guess, otherwise they wouldn't have bothered to decant her," his opposite
  number, Trooper Harins, replied. Hartins gestured towards the drink. "You got
  any more of those?"  
"Yuhh. You want?" In response to Harin's grinning nod, he tossed another
  across to him.  
"OK," said Genes, "you want to play with some of the other toys?" he nodded
  towards the stasis tubes.  
"Are you kidding?"  
"What? Why not? If they'd stayed on the ship we'd have been able to take
  our turn at them anyways. We're just making sure they're good and ready for
  what'll happen to them when they finish in stasis anyway."  
Harins took a long pull on his alco-pep. "OK, I'm up for it. Hey, anyways,
  they should be grateful. Chances are the next bit of fun they'll get is with
  those space lobsters."  
"You referring to our honoured allies in the fight against the galactic terrorism
  of the Aliansis Empire? Surely not?"  
Harrins gave a sneer. "Honoured allies? Funny how we've only just buddied
  up to them. Not too long back they had their snouts right up the butt of the
  Aliansis lot. They've got shells and pincers &ndash; they look like lobsters
  to me. Anyway I don't see why they should have all the fun." He stepped up
  to the panel by Kelli's stasis tube and hit the button marked "Cycle Out".
  An amber lamp began to pulse beside it. "This one will do me."  
Genes pressed the same button on Shana's tube. "O.K. darling, come to poppa."  
For Kelli and Shana consciousness slowly returned as the drugs left their
  system and the gel drained from the cylinders. Kelli was first to be pulled
  free of her tube as the door into it swung open. Harrins snatched the mask
  from her face and grabbed her by the arm. Still recovering from the effects
  of stasis she struggled as Harrins pushed her to the floor, pulled the belt
  from his trousers and used it to lash her wrists behind her. She gave a throttled
  grunt as he twisted her around onto her back.  
Genes followed Harrins lead as Shana's tube emptied and strapped her wrists
  with a length of discarded power cable. He went to grab the hose from the shower
  cubicle. Harrins stopped him. "No, don't' bother with that," he laughed. "We
  can use the lube - more fun if they're a bit slippy." He grabbed a lab technicians
  coat from the back of a chair and ripped two strips of cloth from it. "Here," he
  said, "tossing one to Genes. "Knot this off around her mouth. We'll need to
  keep them quiet, even if everyone else is off playing with the good Doctor "  
"No need, haven't you heard about these two?" Genes replied. "The Gnariotts
  took their tongues out. They won't be making any sort of sound that'll disturb." He
  reached across Shana and twisted one of her nipples. Although barely conscious
  she still arched her back in pain but gave out only the slightest, muted, squeal.
  Then he jerked he head back to show the still livid scar on her throat.  
"Great," said Harrins. "No need for a gag so we' can play in their mouths
  too. This just gets better and better, I hardly know where to start."  
"Well excuse me if I don't wait around while you make your mind up," Genes
  grinned, grabbing Kelli by her hair and pulling her around to face him. As
  his trousers fell about his ankles he pressed her against the side of the stasis
  tube, jamming his cock repeatedly into her and grunting with amusement as she
  tried to struggle against him.  
Genes was pulling Kelli's head down into his lap and forcing her mouth over
  his engorged cock. Harrins had bent Shana across a one of the desks at the
  edge of the stasis tube chamber and was thrusting between the cheeks of her
  arse. Although neither of the women could make a sound their struggles was
  making their distress quite plain as the Officer of the Watch came in. The
  two troopers struggled to disentangle themselves from their victims and stand
  up.  
"Oh, for heavens sake," the officer exclaimed. "Genes! Harrins! I might have
  known it would be you two. We're only eight weeks into this cruise you know.
  Can't you find anything to amuse yourself in your own quarters?"  
"Yes, Sir, Sorry Sir." The two men answered as they dragged themselves to
  attention, their trousers around their ankles, and the bound women struggling
  and grunting on the floor at their feet.  
Their officer gave an exasperated sigh. "Oh well, finish off and put them
  back in their tubes. And make sure you connect their leads and catheters properly.
  And get your belts back in your trousers too &ndash; that's Federation issue
  you know."  
"Yes Sir, of course Sir."  
The officer touched his cap in salute with his swagger stick, turned on his
  heel and left the stasis room. Genes and Harrins collapsed with laughter and
  turned back to the women as they cowered away from them. Genes spoke first. "Finish
  off, he said, didn't he?" Genes laughed. "Didn't say we had to be too quick
  about it though did he?"  
Kelli gave a silent scream as he span her around and pushed her down on the
  floor with her bound arms trapped behind her back. Harrins did the same with
  Shana, roughly thrusting his hand between her legs. "No, no need to rush at
  all," he grinned.  
Chapter 32   
On board Gnarff's freighter final preparations were being made for the colonists
  to leave for their new homes. Once the cylinders had separated and started
  to head towards the surface of the moon, Farrin Gnarff's freighter began to
  pull out of Forgwin5 orbit. Few of the crew bothered to watch as they left
  the cylinders behind them, preferring their own crew stations or recreation
  centres to the view of the barren world beneath. Few even showed interest as
  the ship swung past their watery home world, using its gravity to accelerate
  them out of the Forgwin system.  
Garan Duufrig was in Gnarff's quarters working on his commander's video screen.  
"Are the crew very discontented to be leaving so soon?" Gnaarff asked him.  
"Well, Excellency," Duufrig began carefully. "Of course they were disappointed
  not to be enjoying the new colony but I think they all see the need for our
  continued efforts."  
"Hmm," Gnarff grunted sceptically. He knew that the feeling on the lower
  decks was more likely to be one of irritation at losing their shore leave. "No
  matter, assuming this link works I think I can provide some simple entertainment
  as small recompense."  
"It should be connected now, Sir," said Duufrig, standing back from the console
  and pressing a button. The screen flickered into life. "There you are, Excellency,
  a direct link into the security camera systems of the colony." The screen showed
  a view across one of Forgwin5c's desolate rocky plains towards the complex
  of domes that housed the Sol3a women. The dull orange glow of Forgwin's primary
  star gave the view a look of warmth that it did not, in reality, possess.  
"Thank you. That will be all for now. I will review what is on offer and
  you can tell the crew that material will be piped into their leisure channel
  from later today."  
"I am sure that will be welcome, Sir."  
As Duufrig saluted and left the cabin, Gnarff turned his attention to the
  video controls. A claw picked at the buttons calling up first one view, then
  another. All appeared peaceful. A camera panned across the main community hall
  showed a group of some twenty women, all clad in white, lounging on couches.
  Another shot into one of the smaller rooms set aside for hospitality showed
  two others clutching to each other, evidently trying to comfort themselves.  
Gnarff was pleased to see that the security staff were stepping up to their
  roles. In one area set aside for them four of the masked women had pressed
  six of their sisters into their own service. Gnarff twisted the volume control
  and the sounds of the room came from the speakers surrounding the screen.  
"Number three, here," one of the masked women ordered, clicking her fingers
  at one of the women. "Fetch us drinks." The white clad woman bowed her head,
  curtsied and left the room.  
"You don't think we are being unfair to them?" One of the other guards asked.  
"No," the first replied. "They have to be ready fro when our guests come.
  Helping them learn to behave well now will make it easier for them in the future.
  You heard what the Counsellor says."  
"Yes, I know &ndash; 'Service Makes Safe: To Obey Is To Oblige'. Even so,
  it's hard for them."  
"You can't think like that. It's their destiny. They have to serve for the
  benefit of all of us. We have the worry of keeping them up to the mark &ndash; it's
  us that'll suffer if they don't perform &ndash; don't forget."  
"You whites have it easy," one of the others sneered at the girl kneeling
  by her side. "All you have to do is what you are told &ndash; no responsibility,
  no come back for anything apart from your own faults."  
"Yes, Ma'am. I mean, no Ma'am." the girl replied, confused  
Her tormentor swung a slap at her face, knocking her back on her heels. "Oh
  shut up or I'll have you gagged. "  
In his cabin on the freighter, Gnarff nodded approvingly. It was good to
  see that discipline was being asserted. Quite apart from that though this sort
  of viewing would amuse the crew. A click of a button brought up another scene.  
In a dimly lit room four women could be seen hanging in shackles from rings
  set high in the walls of the room that was evidently their prison. Two were "whites",
  clad in their pioneer founder robes, two were guards, still masked but helpless
  nevertheless. They had evidently been there for a short time as all four were
  still writhing and stretching to ease their discomfort. In time, Gnarff knew,
  the effort would leave them exhausted, they would hang motionless soon enough.
  The two whites wore mouth-stretching ring gags. From the grunts of complaint
  coming from the two in purple, Gnarff surmised that they were gagged as well
  beneath their masks.  
Moments later the cell door opened and another masked guard entered. She
  gestured with a bottle towards the captives. "Any of you girls want some water?" she
  asked. The shackled women all nodded. "Just so you know, you don't get freed
  up when this works its way through," the guard called as she gave each girl
  water from the bottle. "We'll be back to watch you squirm."  
Gnarff allowed himself a grunt of satisfaction &ndash; it was amazing how
  quickly one part of this species could be brought to exploit another given
  the right circumstances.  
Another click, another camera. Mayern's cabin came into view. Gnarff wondered
  if she knew her cabin was subject to surveillance as well. He was pleased to
  see that her conditioning as the colony's madam was continuing to work well.
  She was dressed in a low cut gown with a tightly boned bodice and a skirt slit
  to her hip. Seated on a low couch she was confronting a white. Gnarff recognised
  the girl as one of the allocations that his navigation officer had sold so
  adroitly earlier having won her in the now notorious gambling game with Shicnan
  Warrax. The game had caused immense mirth to the senior officers when they
  heard of it.  
Marni Carris, or Peach as Gnarff remembered her, was standing before Colony
  Leader Gabrielle Mayern with her arms strapped tightly behind her back.  
"I understand," Mayern was saying in measured tones, as she flexed a riding
  crop between her hands, "that your guards have failed to induce in you the
  correct levels of respect. I should have thought that your earlier experiences
  with our Gnarriott friends would have convinced you of the need for compliance.
  You will learn to give compliance to the guards before I ever let you start
  thinking about earning your promotion to their ranks."  
Gnarff grunted. Working their passage &ndash; wasn't that an idea she had
  taken from him?  
"Please Colony Leader," Marni was begging. "Please let me make amends. I
  intended no slight to my guards."  
"Well let's see," Mayern responded, clapping her hands peremptorily. Two
  guards appeared. Gnarff was intrigued to note that although they were masked
  and wearing identical uniforms they still contrived to achieve as much of an
  individual look as was possible. One of the guards had embroidered her mask
  with an intricate pattern in a golden thread. The other had found a way of
  dressing her hair in an elaborate style and of decorating her eyelashes so
  that there could be no mistake whose eyes were staring out over the mask.  
Mayern turned to Marni. "Kiss their feet, girl," she ordered. "Remember!
  To serve and to satisfy are your only ambitions."  
Gnarff was pleased. He watched as Marni made to obey. The pioneer founders
  seemed to be getting the right ideas. The Forgwin5c colony might be worth a
  visit by the time they got back from this trip. It was a long haul back to
  the Sol system but there was unfinished business.  
Chapter 33   
In the interrogation centre on the Thallaxapod, Captain Jarrin Tarn spoke
  slowly. Mead still laying weakly on the leather couch was careful to follow
  her words, "Now, as I explained, the purpose of this session is to help you
  to prepare your defence or your appeal for leniency as appropriate. Can I ask
  which plea you intend to enter?"  
"Well, innocent, of course." In spite of her feeble state Mead spoke defiantly,
  clutching the shirt that was all she had to cover her nakedness, around her
  body.  
"Are you quite sure about that? I mean it's quite, well, unusual." Tarn looked
  concerned.  
"Of course I am sure. Why is it so unusual? I know I did nothing wrong."  
"Ah, I think I need to explain. How familiar are you with the processes of
  the Federation High Court in the matter of cases related to off-world security
  and our relations with our allies?" Tarn turned to pick up a folder of documents
  from her desk.  
"Uh, not really," Mead shook her head, confused. She felt her confusion was
  only loosely related to her recent awakening from stasis.  
"Well. Let me see. The court will recognise a number of pleas from 'guilty
  with a request for mercy' through 'guilty without responsibility', to 'guilty
  without premeditation', 'guilty without knowledge', and finally 'innocent'.
  Generally speaking the court will increase the sentence depending on their
  view of how realistic the defendant's plea is. An 'innocent' plea is only usual
  if the accused is convinced that they have a strong case."  
"Well, I am. I know I have done nothing wrong."  
"With respect Doctor Mead, many of those accused of treasonable offences
  feel the same way. The question is can you prove it?"  
"Surely it is up to my accusers to demonstrate my guilt, not for me to show
  my innocence."  
"Ah. I think I am starting to see the problem. The Off-World Security sessions
  of the High Court are administered according to a different code. I am afraid
  that the nature of offences tried there is such that the presumption is that
  the Federation has good cause for bringing its case. It is up to the defendant
  to show that there is reason to question it."  
"And how do I know what the nature of the Federation's case is? Can I have
  access to their witnesses and to their evidence?"  
"Oh, no that would be quite impossible. If the defendant turns out to have
  been a danger to Federation security &ndash; which is quite likely as a result
  of one of these cases &ndash; it would hardly be appropriate for them to have
  access to sensitive Federation intelligence and connections with witnesses
  would also be inappropriate &ndash; their could be a question of intimidation
  or collusion. Our experience shows that only a small proportion of those accused
  are found innocent &ndash; it is too great a risk to allow access to this material
  when most defendants are a danger to our society."  
"But how can I brief my defence counsel if &hellip;."  
"Defence counsel?"  
"Yes, my lawyers. I am entitled to representation, aren't I?"  
"Well yes, in theory. But you will find it difficult to get representation
  in the Off-World Security Court. It's partly because of the fees, I guess,
  especially since counsel are not allowed to benefit from defending those that
  are eventually found guilty. Mainly, though, it's because of the ruling that
  in the event of an innocent plea being adjudged invalid the defence counsel
  is required to serve the same sentence as the accused. It's a measure designed
  to reduce time-wasting by unscrupulous lawyers and, of course, to prevent criminal
  or politically disruptive elements subverting the legal profession."  
"So what can I do?" Mead appealed in despair to the Captain.  
"Well there are two things I would advise. Firstly I would reconsider your
  plea. Acceptance that the Federation has a case against you will certainly
  make it easier for the court to hear your views and will reduce the sentence
  when, sorry &ndash; if, they find against you. Secondly you can make use of
  the procedure for a defendant's deposition. That's really what I am here for."  
"A 'Defendant's Deposition' &ndash; does that allow me to present my defence?
  To put my side of things to the court?"  
"Well, yes and no. I'll ask you a series of questions provided by the prosecutor's
  office and your responses are presented to the court as both evidence of fact
  and of your willingness to assist the court in its search for truth."  
"And that can help my case? Reduce the possible sentence?"  
"Oh yes, very much so."  
"Well, let's get on with it. Can we do it now?"  
"Yes, yes we can, but&hellip;."  
"No, let's start. I can show that there's no basis for these accusations."  
"Well, if you are sure&hellip;."  
"I'm sure."  
"OK." Tarn reached forward and pressed a button on her desk. The two troopers
  reappeared. "Dr Mead has agreed to make a defendant's deposition, please get
  things ready while I fetch the prosecution question pack." She got up from
  her desk and turned towards the array of memory cartridges that lined one wall
  of her office. As she did so, Trooper Gallymede grabbed hold of Mead wrists
  and pulled them up over her head, dragging her back on the couch. His colleague,
  Fenson, strapped her wrists together and clipped the strap to a fastening on
  the couch. As Mead tried to protest Gallymede wedged a ring gag into her mouth
  and fastened its strap at the back of her neck. Further straps held her ankles
  spread to each corner of the foot of the couch. The two troopers stood up and
  made their way to stand by Mead's head as she cursed them through her distended
  mouth.  
Tarn turned back from the cartridge rack. Seeing that Mead had been secured
  on the couch and ignoring the anthropologist's, groans and struggles, she spoke
  to the two troopers. "Thank you, troopers. That will be all for now. I estimate
  that the defendant's deposition will take an hour or so. You can stand down
  until then. When she has finished she can be returned to stasis until the trial."  
"Very good, ma'am." Gallymede and Fenson saluted and left. Tarn remained
  with Mead as she struggled against the straps grunting protests through her
  gag.  
"Now, Doctor Mead," Tarn began as the troopers departed. "I have to explain
  the procedure to you. Your deposition will take the form of either agreeing
  or disagreeing with a series of questions that I will read out to you. It will
  simply be sufficient for you to nod or shake your head. I am only allowed to
  record a agreeing or disagreeing response &ndash; hence the need for the silencer
  which will prevent you prejudicing your defence by any injudicious statement.
  Do you understand?"  
Mead gave an infuriated groan through her gag and tried to shake herself
  free form the couch but without success.  
"Fine, fine. Then we can begin." Tarn slipped the memory cartridge she was
  holding into the console in front of her. Tarn picked up a metal head band
  covered with electrodes and connected by cable to the console. Mead watched
  in frightened anticipation as Tarn approached her with the head band. In spite
  of her struggles, Tarn fitted the band in place around Mead's forehead. "Please
  don't be concerned. This is to ensure that the questions are put consistently
  and fairly. It removes any question that I might slant the questions against
  you."  
Mead gave a strangled grunt as Tarn fastened the headband in place and checked
  the cables. Tarn pressed a button on the console and Mead stiffened as she
  heard the recorded announcement from the deposition system. "Thank you for
  agreeing to participate in this evidence collection process," Mead heard as
  from one corner of her eye she saw Tarn scribbling notes on a clip-board pad. "Your
  responses will be recorded by the representative of the intelligence services
  that has enabled your connection to this facility. You will have the opportunity
  to respond affirmatively or negatively by nodding or shaking your head. In
  order to ensure that each question is adequately understood if there is a discrepancy
  between your response and that indicated by the evidence available to the prosecution
  you will receive a contra-indication. This will provide you with the opportunity
  to reconsider your response. We are most anxious that your responses are accurate
  and correspond to the evidence available. Thank you for your cooperation. The
  system will now administer an example of the contra-indication for your reference."  
Mead struggled and screamed silently as the electric shock arced across Mead's
  temple and her entire body bucked as the electrical energy surged through her.
  The recorded questions began.  
Chapter 34   
On Sol5g, the great telescope of the Percival Lowell II Observatory was the
  only instrument within 5 light years able to study the corpse of what had been
  the home of humanity. It was hardly the ideal place from which to observe the
  dead world. The moon's orbit around Sol5a meant the vast bulk of the Sol system's
  largest planet, with its boiling clouds and angry red spot, dominated the sky.
  Only by careful computation of the moon's orbit and that of Sol5a and Sol3a
  could the astronomers have hoped to gain a short glimpse of the derelict sphere
  from which the Sol3a women had fled.  
As far as most of the inhabitants of Sol5g were concerned, they weren't much
  interested. Sol3a might have been the home world once but no one on 5g felt
  they owed them anything and since Sol3a had been evacuated the Sol5g community
  had been left in peace. No tax collectors, no tourists, no chancers, they had
  the Sol system all to themselves. They had their hydroponic farms, their atmosphere
  generators and the same cloning techniques that had enabled Sol3a to prolong
  its life. They didn't need anything else.  
Some of the astronomers, though, still took an interest in the derelict planet.
  From her seat on the observation platform of the 20 metre reflector Denyes
  Daforn called down to her colleague. "It's there, Anyara" she said, "but the
  cloud cover is as complete as ever. The temperature down there must be way
  off the scale."  
"Uuh huh," Anyara called back, "can we swing the mirror back to where its
  supposed to be pointing, now? You know there's no clearance for in-system observations."  
"OK, OK," Denyes responded, pressing the button set the motors twisting the
  mirror to its new position; training the telescope out into deep space.  
"Hey, are we getting some supper tonight? I thought your womb-mother was
  supposed to be sending something up."  
"Doubt it," said Denyes, "she's out with friends. The chances of anything
  coming from Ma's are a million to one."  
Anyara looked up as a shooting star slipped across the heavens above them.
  She looked again. "Hang on," she said. "That can't be a shooting star." A second
  one followed it. "Denyes what was that?"  
The two of them stared up as more bright lights slipped across the sky. One
  more, then two then four. Then a pause. Then more. Anyara flipped open her
  communicator and punched a few buttons. "Hi, Jenna, its me," she said. "Have
  you seen the light show. Yes, it's quite something. No, we don't know what's
  causing it either. Sure. Yes. Talk to you later. Bye."  
She turned back to Denyes as more bright lights shot across the sky above
  them. "The whole bunch of them are watching it. They reckon it's the best light
  show since Shumacher-Levy went in back in '98. Everyone's out in the main plaza.
  Quite a party they're all watching &hellip;. Oh! Oh!"  
Anyara's commentary was cut off as the sky above them erupted in a literally
  blinding flash of white light. "I can't see," she screamed, "Help me, Denyes,
  help me. I can't see."  
"Anyara, I'm blinded too. The lights were so bright. Wait a while, the effects
  will wear off. Don't move you'll fall from the gantry."  
Across each domed settlement on Sol5g the same scene was being played out.
  A cordon of magnesium flare bombs had detonated simultaneously a few hundred
  feet above the moon's surface producing a light of such intensity that all
  those watching, every single inhabitant of Sol5g, were rendered instantly sightless.  
Denyes couldn't say how long she clung to the gantry of the telescope, hoping
  for her sight to return. She heard movement in the observatory below. "Is there
  anyone in here," she heard a guttural voice call out.  
"Up here," she cried, "up here on the observation platform. "There's two
  of us."  
"Yes, up here," Anyara joined in. "We can't see. The lights&hellip;"  
"We know." The voice was much closer now and Anyara could hear the speaker
  moving closer to them.  
Denyes called out, "Help us please."  
"Here," the voice said, "reach out with your hand. Grip on to me and I will
  lead you out. Both of you."  
Anyara reached out and grasped at her rescuer. She was surprised his hand
  was hard, seemingly armoured. "Oh," she thought to herself, "why don't they
  take their space suits off?" She spoke out, giving voice to her fears "Is there
  a problem with the dome?"  
"Don't worry," came the reply, "the dome's all right. You'll be taken care
  of now." 
Chapter 35   
Evidence Record # 3044/a   
This document forms a transcript of the Defendants Deposition in the matter
  of the Federation versus named insurgents and threats to off-world security.  
This Deposition is certified accurate and was given by Dr Allison
      Mead in the presence of Captain Jarrin Tarn, #6659-909 of the Federation
      Intelligence Corps on board the Federation Ambassadorial Cruiser Thallaxapod,
      date 9980-009-0010//11 standard time 55:00:0.   
(signed) Jarrin Tarn, Capt.   
Question:   
It is alleged that you conspired with two Sol5g insurgents, Kellie Failte
  and Shana Wilson plus three further inhabitants of Sol5g, the terrorists Crista,
  Nataya and Terril. Do you acknowledge your conspiracy?  
Response:   
The defendant concurred at the sixth putting of the question.  
Question:   
The insurgents Wilson and Failte were brought aboard as a result of an elaborate
  hoax involving a crashed skimmer. Their mission was to infiltrate his Excellency's
  office and cabin and to plan his assassination. Documents transmitted by yourself
  have been discovered in the wreckage of the skimmer. Do you confess that you
  had established contact with the two insurgents prior to their being brought
  aboard his Excellency's ship?  
Response:   
The defendant concurred at the sixth putting of the question.  
Question:   
After Failte and Wilson had seduced Commanders Kullux and Gnerrix, attempting
  to acquire intelligence about the operation of the ship, you met with them
  to plan your further operations under the pretence of providing medical care.
  Do you acknowledge that this meeting was with the specific purpose of preparing
  the overthrow of the legitimate command of his Excellency's ship?  
Response:   
The defendant concurred at the fourth putting of the question.  
Question:   
Failte and Wilson did not reveal their telepathic abilities. As a medical
  officer your duty was to reveal this to his Excellency but did not. Do you
  accept that this is prima facie evidence of conspiracy to conceal the means
  by which you expected to carry out your mission?  
Response:   
The defendant concurred at the third putting of the question.  
Question:   
The terrorists Crista, Nataya and Terril were recruited to assist in the
  rescue operation for the Sol3 women. It now appears from papers recovered by
  our intelligence staff that their engagement was as a result of your intervention
  with Excellency Gnarff to ensure that the remainder of your team would be brought
  together with Failte and Wilson. Do you agree?  
Response:   
The defendant concurred at the first putting of the question.  
Question:   
A video tape commandeered by the security services shows the debauched behaviour
  of the terrorists Crista and Nataya in the zero G conditions of the main drive
  bay. The sexual activities with the two Sol3 flight attendants are evidence
  of the lust which has driven this entire project for you &ndash; an attempt
  to destabilise the re-colonisation programme for the Sol3 women, replacing
  it with your own plan to create a community of sex slaves that you intended
  to traffic with the Aliansis. Do you admit this?  
At this point the deposition was suspended to allow the defendant
      to regain consciousness. Interview concluded at standard time 55:25:0.   
   
Captain Jarrin Tarn, #6659-909 of the Federation Intelligence Corps.   
Chapter 36   
   
Farrin Gnarff was waiting for the landing party to return from Sol5g. His
  freighter swung lazily in an eccentric orbit that brought them close to the
  moon at one point but pitched out far from it at perihelion so as to afford
  an easier escape from the clawing gravity of the giant world that the moon
  circled.  
By his estimate there had been perhaps 300 women on Sol5g, the last remaining
  in the Sol system. Reports from the surface indicated that the operation to
  collect them was proceeding without difficulty. The sightless women had welcomed
  their rescuers, and had gone with them to the shuttles. It was only as the
  landing shuttles lifted off from the surface that the blinded victims began
  to become concerned over more than their inability to see.  
By luck Anyara and Denyes had ended up on adjacent couches as the shuttle
  had taken off. Sol5g was tiny, the thrust needed to escape its gravity small,
  but even so the acceleration was evident to the women on board. "What is this,
  where are we going?" Anyara called out.  
"Anyara, its me Denyes, here beside you," Denyes responded.  
"Keep silent in the cabin," one of the landing party barked, clacking with
  a claw at his charges.  
Horrific realisation came to Anyara. "Gnarriott," she hissed to her friend. "They're
  Gnarriotts. They weren't wearing space suits &ndash; that's just, just &ndash; how
  they are."  
"Silence in the cabin," the voice barked again before another voice was heard
  over the cabin's public address system; Farrin Gnarrff.  
"Welcome aboard, women of Sol5g," Gnarff began. "It is fortunate that our
  ship was at hand to come to your aid. The rain of flares that your colony suffered
  appears to have done permanent damage to your eyesight. Luckily we are able
  to provide help. We are on route to the newly established colony of Sol women
  on Forgwin 5 there we will arrange for you to be cared for properly. I am sure
  that you will appreciate that we do not have medics qualified in the Sol physiology,
  we will arrange for you to have proper rehabilitation as soon as we reach Forgwin
  5. I should warn you, though, that all indications are that the loss of vision
  is, unfortunately, irreversible."  
"Oh no," whimpered Anyara, "what is to become of us?" She lay on the couch
  sobbing, what use could there be could for a sightless astronomer?  
The Gnarriott, however, knew what use they could be put to and what use could
  be made of the other Sol5g women, too. Over the next month the women of Sol5g
  were to learn of their future fate as Gnarff's freighter headed back towards
  the Forgwin system. Mostly they were left on their couches but from time to
  time one of Gnarff's crew would venture into the cabin and select one.  
Clamping one claw across the woman's mouth to silence her, the Gnarriott
  would use his other claw to grasp her at the back of her neck and force her
  to her feet, so she could be dragged from the main cabin to one of the rooms
  surrounding it.  
The claw across the mouth would stay in place until the Gnarriott had used
  its other claw to tear enough of the girl's clothing from her to stuff her
  mouth and tie her wrists. While none of the Gnarriott were likely to be disturbed
  by the cries of the women or their struggles the ritual bondage of sexual partners
  was a feature of the Gnarriott culture, springing from a time when the females
  of the species had larger claws than the males and the high pitched screaming
  sounds of sexual arousal produced by the females could fracture the exo-skeleton
  of under developed males.  
With their chose partner bound and silenced, the struggling and whimpering
  only served to arouse the Gnarriott males further. Then the brutal, sexual
  assault would begin.  
At the end, the girl would be returned to her couch, sometimes sobbing, often
  shocked into a catatonic silence, her clothing torn and barely covering her.  
Standing Orders on the freighter insisted that none of the women should be
  killed. Gnarff was known to ruthlessly enforce discipline on the ship and so
  all the women survived their ordeals &ndash;at least physically. In any case
  as Gnarff said, they should learn what to expect in the Forgwin5c Colony &ndash; without
  sight they would need to work harder than others to earn their living.  
Gnarff was looking out across the women's cabin as the ship closed in on
  the Forgwin system. The place looked a mess. The women were now chained to
  their couches &ndash; it was only by rationing access to the shackle keys that
  the officers had been able to keep the crew rota running. There was too much
  of a temptation for crew to slope off to the cabin whenever there was a quiet
  moment in their watch. Hardly any of the women had much in the way of clothes
  any more. In each of the surrounding cabins there was now a pile of tattered
  rags left from previous rapes; a Gnarriott would simply grab whatever he needed
  to restrain and silence his selected woman, leaving the rags when he was finished,
  dragging her back to be shackled into her seat. The place stank and the cabin
  echoed with the sobs of whichever women had been most recently violated. Gnarff
  gave the order that even the tattered remnants of skirts and blouses that some
  of the women clung to were to be removed. All shackle key issues were to be
  suspended, the women were to be hosed down and the cabin cleaned ready for
  arrival.  
By the time that Gnarff's freighter was matching orbits with the Thallaxapod,
  the deck officer was able to report that all of the 317 Sol 5g women were now
  able to walk and were fit enough for transfer to the surface of the Forgwin
  colony world.  
Gnarff wanted two of the women for his own use. Denyes Daforn and Anyara
  were taken from their couch and lead to Gnarff's cabin. The other 315, blind
  and naked women were made ready for The Colony.  
Chapter 37   
Allison Mead lay, helpless and barely conscious, naked, still strapped to
  the couch in the interrogation centre. The pain and the shock of her interrogation
  was only now beginning t subside, hours later. Slowly she became aware that
  Ambassador Taylor was there, she could hear his voice; talking to her interrogator.
  Perhaps, she thought there was some chance he would arrange her release. He
  had, after all, appeared to be attracted to her when they had first met. If
  she could only be free of the couch, she was sure that she could convince him
  that she should be freed. She strained to hear Taylor and Tarn talking but
  could barley focus on the sounds.  
"Well, Captain, your interrogation proved successful. You seemed to get everything
  that the Court wanted." Taylor's voice was lowered.  
"Yes, thank, you Ambassador," Mead heard Tarn reply. "Everything went as
  well as I could have expected. But surely the Ambassador is too busy to concern
  himself with the detail of the interrogation? Or perhaps as is suggested the
  Ambassador has a more than professional interest in the accused."  
"Not at all. I believe that she thought she could use me as a way of avoiding
  the consequences of her actions," Mead gave a whimper and tried to struggle
  against the straps that held her, " but I don't think that she could have produced
  a sufficiently interesting offer to make the risks worthwhile. Besides, why
  should I worry about her &ndash; the legal system has taken its course."  
"Well Sir, can I ask, then, why you are here?"  
"Hmm, well, I thought Dr Mead here should hear the court's decision as quickly
  as possible but I am always ready to take time out when needed, especially
  when there is a chance to do it with my favourite intelligence officer."  
Mead tried again to twist on the couch but the straps held her firm. Unable
  to see either Tarn or Taylor, she could only listen as their conversation went
  on.  
"Ambassador, this is hardly the place. The interrogation suite is stuffed
  with microphones. Even if I thought they were all off I wouldn't choose this
  as somewhere for a senior dignitary in the diplomatic corps to make a pass
  at a junior officer."  
"A pass, Captain? Surely my words would not be interpreted as a pass."  
"Perhaps not, Sir," the tone of Tarn's voice seemed huskier. "but I think,
  Sir, uhhh, that the fact that you have your hand inside my shirt might be interpreted
  in that way." Mead heard her give a quiet grunt.  
"Well, Captain, thank you for your advice. You will understand of course
  that I am only anxious to ensure that all uniform regulations are being observed
  and that what is inside your shirt is entirely &ndash; ahh - appropriate."  
"Ohhh, yes Sir," Tarn gave a moan of pleasure, "Perhaps if the Ambassador
  finds everything to his approval, there might be an opportunity for a junior
  intelligence officer to join his staff."  
"Ah &ndash; hmm &ndash; Captain, surely you realise that the ambassadorial;
  service requires more than a close attention to detail when it comes to uniform
  and an agreeably filled shirt."  
"I understand completely, ahh, Sir. That's why I thought it would be useful
  if I demonstrated some other capabilities that could be of use to you. Like
  this for example." Mead heard the ripping sound of a clothes fastener.  
"Very good, Tarn," she heard Taylor say. "I see your excellent attention
  to detail extends to that which you keep beneath your skirt."  
"And this Mr Ambassador," another ripping sound, was followed by a grunt
  from Taylor.  
"Ahh, very &ndash; uhhh , good, Tarn. Yes, I think you should stay there
  for a moment or two, please don't get up yet &ndash; uhhh &ndash; ahh &ndash; If
  this is an indication of your &ndash; ah &ndash; skills then I - uhh &ndash; think
  I could find a role for you on my team. That's a very &ndash; ahh - useful
  talent you have there, I could see how &ndash; nngh &ndash; mmm - it would
  be valuable to have you around."  
Mead felt despair spill over her. She struggled again to turn towards the
  pair as Tarn stood up and approached her couch, fastening her blouse and wiping
  her mouth with the back of her hand. "Ah, Dr Mead, I see you have recovered
  consciousness."  
Mead whimpered in protest. Taylor stood beside her couch. He reached down
  with one hand and stroked her naked breast. "It's a great shame that things
  should have come to this Doctor." His hand reached up to the pure white stubble
  that was growing slowly from her shaved scalp. "Albino's are such a rarity.
  It could have been fun."  
Mead watched as Tarn's hand snaked around Taylor's waist and then slid up
  across his chest.  
"No matter;" Taylor continued, "the decision of the Courts has been that
  you have been found guilty of the crimes of which you were accused. Your own
  evidence was most convincing. The sentence of the Court is the most lenient
  that it can pass in the light of the nature of the charges. Because the death
  penalty has been abolished throughout the Federation, you will be subject to
  an indefinite community service order. This order will be operated under the
  Waring Procedure[b](1)[/b], which will prevent your being a further danger,
  allow you to pay your debt to society and avoid the Federation or its allies
  having to bear the costs of your detention."  
Mead was now terrified, struggling violently against her bonds. As an anthropologist
  she had read accounts of Waring's early work, in what he called "soft cybernetics",
  and she knew just what the procedure implied.  
"You are to be informed that the court takes account of your co-operation.
  The court was pleased that you provided the evidence sufficient to enable the
  passing of similar sentences on your collaborators. The court records will
  show that, in spite of your crimes, you did cooperate. That is all." He turned
  to Captain Tarn who, by this stage, was exploring Taylor's ear with her tongue. "Arrange
  for Mead to be transferred to the Medi Centre fot the appropriate procedures
  as soon as possible, Captain," he said. "And then you should report to my quarters
  for an interview. That is if you are still interested in coming on to my staff."  
(1)  The Waring Procedure is a technique
      based on the original work of Dr Stuart Waring in the early 21  st   Century.
      Waring discovered a surgical and neuro-electrical process whereby induced
      synethesia could be used to provide a robotic response in those subjected
      to it. See an account of its origins in "Numerology". 
Chapter 38   
Gnarff's freighter had docked with Thallaxapod in orbit above Forgwin5C.
  In the massive council hall of the Thallaxapod, Ambassador Taylor was holding
  a reception for the returning Gnarriotts.  
Taylor in full ambassadorial regalia and his wife, Debranna, in an exquisite
  evening gown, were greeting the guests as they arrived in the hall. Troopers
  Genes and Harins,formed the honour guard. Pulled back from a recreation break
  in The Colony, neither was delighted to be sweating in their tight collared
  ceremonial uniforms. Standing stiffly to attention was not an attractive alternative
  to enjoying the wholly different stiffness that had been a feature of their
  trip to The Colony, although there was plenty of cleavage on view as some of
  the wives of Federation officers arrived.  
On a dais to one side of the hall a group of whites from the colony, clad
  in an approximation of the dress of the 5 th  Centium
  pre-current era Greeks from Sol3a were performing a tableau entitled Sappho's
  Muse. Taylor, who had studied classics, could hardly approve the interpretation,
  though he did appreciate the gymnastic endeavours of those involved. His wife
  regarded the girls' antics apparently impassively but with more than a passing
  interest in one rather pneumatically endowed girl with short dark hair.  
She reserved the same impassive eye for what she took to be her husband's
  latest infatuation, Captain &ndash; now Commander &ndash; Jarrin Tarn recently
  promoted and moved from the Intelligence Corps for attachment, Debranna laughed
  at the term, to the Diplomatic Service.  
Tarn, in a freshly tailored Commander's uniform adapted to make the most
  of her figure, was the hub of a small cluster of junior officers, all keen
  to gain some small influence from her improved position.  
Gnarff had caused something of a stir by his entrance. For most of the Federation
  delegation, the status of the women in The Colony was very much a case of out
  of sight out of mind, except as and when shore leave took them to enjoy The
  Colony's delights. However, Gnarff had no compunction about showing his attitude
  towards the Sol system women, even gaining some amusement from confronting
  the sensibilities of his newly found allies by a display that was intended
  to confirm his intention to ensure that they remained a cowed species.  
As he entered, following him on all fours were two of the Sol5G women, Denyes
  and Anyara. They were naked apart from the collars that they wore about their
  necks. From each collar a leash stretched out to one of Gnarff's claws. Covering
  their sightless, burned eyes, each wore mirror bright contact plates which
  gave them a mechanical, sinister look that contrasted with their pet like subservience.
  As he stopped on one side of the room, the two women scuttled closer to him,
  clutching at his legs until a waved claw brushed them back to sit with heads
  bowed in silence.  
The Sol 3 and Sol 5 women convicted as conspirators for their roles in the "insurrection" had
  recovered from their Waring Procedure operations. The transponder insertions
  had been followed by the initial loading procedures that enabled their use
  as soft robots. Taylor had insisted that they should serve at the reception.
  Without being fully programmed they could only take on simple tasks as yet.
  They all wore identical, featureless grey uniform dresses and blank, un-sensing,
  expressions. All had identical connector ports in the nape of their necks clearly
  visible as their heads had been shaved during the surgical implantation procedures.  
Kelli Failte and Shana Wilson, the two skimmer flyers, were acting as bearers
  for the train of Debranna's dress, following her as she progressed around the
  hall. Their movements were still stiff from the use of simple coding in their
  early programming but they could already follow the simple instructions that
  Debranna would give by the flick of her fingers. Debranna had tried to use
  the two of them to help her get ready but their programming didn't yet support
  those tasks. In temper, Debranna had thrashed the two of them. Her husband
  had explained that it would have no effect - without the coding implants the
  girls were unable to act - but it had made her feel better if nothing else.
  Kelli and Shana stared blankly ahead of themselves. Somewhere deep in their
  minds there was still a shadow of a memory of their earlier lives. For Shana
  there was till the trace of the guilt she felt about crashing the skimmer,
  Kelli still took comfort from the closeness they had felt in the cells and
  she still thought that she heard Shana sometimes, her thoughts blending with
  the colours, the colours that told her what she had to do.  
Crista, Nataya and Terril, the Sol5g mercenaries, were carrying trays of
  drinks, following a predetermined course through the room, over and over again.
  After each circuit their course took them back to the bar where the empty glasses
  on their trays were exchanged for full ones before they were sent on their
  way again. The guests gave them scarcely a glance as they picked a glass from
  their trays or placed an empty one back on them. They of course made no response
  to the guests other than to pause in their course if their route was obstructed;
  their programming at least allowed for that.  
Allison Mead, once Gnarff's chief anthropologist, now identified as Cybernetic
  Unit #7069-3, was also following her own pre-determined route around the hall.
  She carried in her hands a silver tray. Piled upon it was a pyramid of gold
  wrapped, chocolate globes. Every so often one of the guests would make to take
  one and then think better of it as they viewed the prospect of the entire elaborate
  pile tumbling to the floor.  
The Sapphic tableau was approaching a conclusion. Taylor fond himself standing
  alongside Farrin Gnarff as two of the girls achieved a noisy and acrobatic
  climax as a result of the actions of their partners.  
The Gnarriott clacked a claw in approval at the performance of the girls. "Why,
  Ambassador," he remarked gruffly, gesturing towards the tableau, "you're spoiling
  us!"  
Taylor smiled in response. Farrin Gnarff looked down at the six chocolate
  balls that he had succeeded in plucking from Mead's tray and absent-mindedly
  arranged on the table beside him. "Hmmph," he thought, "the Alliansis system!" Permitting
  himself a grunt of satisfaction he picked up one.  
"Alliansis IV &ndash; the home world?" asked Taylor who was peering over
  his shoulder. Gnarff grunted, crushed the ball between his pincer and tossed
  it aside.  
Gnarff looked down at the crushed ball. "No women, regrettably" he said,
  waving a claw at the two the still sat submissively beside him "but I suppose
  we still have to do something about it."  
Taylor nodded in agreement.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Freddie Clegg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





