BDSM Library - Software




Software
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A business man was made an offer that would make him a lot of money to train and sell slaves. He quickly took the offer and the story begins.Software  
From all the traveling I have done world wide in my export business of selling
  software, I ran into a very unusual request from one of my customers in the
  middle east. We had been in a business meeting on a big sale I was having on
  some outdated software when my customer asked me if all I sold was software.
  I told him I will sell just about anything I can get my hands on if there was
  a big profit in it. What he asked for just about knocked me out of my seat.  
He told me there was a huge market in the Middle East for fresh American
  women. I told him he could place an ad in the newspapers in the US and get
  all he wanted. He said he was looking for women that would be required to do "Special" talents
  that would not do them without being forced to. I asked him what he was talking
  about and he said, "I need
  women that will spend the rest of their lives fucking large objects in all
  their openings." I told him he could hire women from the states that would
  love to do that for the right price. The streets are full of women like that.
  He said he had hired a number of women from all over the US and they would
  quit after they found out what they were to do and the "Price" they had to
  pay. He said it was costing him a fortune to bring them overseas just to return
  them the next week and with passports being issued to them, they were tracked
  by immigration and they always knew their whereabouts. I asked him "Just what
  are you really looking for in these women and what will you pay for each of
  them?"  
He didn't answer me right away and he started talking about my software again.
  He was "Feeling me out" to see if I was the man that could get him what he
  was looking for. He knew I have done some shady deals in the past and was not
  a man that would always follow the laws when it came to a buck. He already
  knew I have pulled some deals on the black market on some software that was
  not sold to the general public either in the states or overseas. He also knew
  I would be ready to make some fast cash that would not have to be reported
  as income. We talked for about another thirty minutes about my "Normal" software
  when he asked me again if I would like to make some REAL money and some FAST
  money that would not have to be reported. He had my attention and I was ready
  to talk about what he was really wanting. He knew my greed would come trough
  and I would be willing to hear him out. I asked him "Just what is it you are
  wanting me to get for you and how much are you willing to pay for the service?"  
He said he knew I was a member of the SSK on the Internet and had followed
  my postings I had made. That much was true. I have always been into the "Lifestyle" and
  he knew I really enjoyed it. I am also a member of several BDSM clubs in the
  states, which he also knew about and reminded me of my membership. He then
  made the proposal to me. He said "I am
  looking for a number of women between the ages of 21 and 35 who have no family
  to track them and no one that would really care if they dropped off the face
  of the earth. I will be willing to pay a very handsome amount of money to have
  these women trained and shipped over here to be what I am wanting them to be." I
  asked him how he wanted them trained and how much will he pay per woman. He
  said "I need them to be
  trained to be able to take any size object in any of their opening without
  hesitation. I will also pay you fifty thousand US dollars per woman you ship
  to me. I will pay for their training and all related costs. It will take you
  some time to train these women to do all that will be demanded of them. Are
  you the man I'm looking for?" I told him "You found the RIGHT man and yes,
  I will handle it for you. I will need to know just how you want them trained
  and I will also need some "Up Front" money to
  be able to pull this off."  
He told me he would have a courier bring me seventy five thousand US dollars
  to my office in the US once I have at least five women detained and ready for
  training. He said once the conformation has been made I have the women and
  the first down payment has been delivered to me, he will send as much money
  as it takes to have the proper training completed. Once the training is complete
  and the women are shipped, he will pay the final payment upon delivery. I knew
  at that time I have now become a White Slaver. I was looking forward to getting
  back to the US to start my NEW business. He handed me a packet of instructions
  of what kind of women he wanted and how he wanted them trained. We finished
  our business and I went back to my hotel to look over the contents of the packet.  
I had a late supper and went to my room. I was a bit nervous about what I
  was getting ready to read but my greed for money had me more than ready to
  read it. As I started reading, I was getting excited about my new adventure
  in the slave market. He required that each woman to be no taller that five
  feet six inches and weigh no more than one hundred twenty five pounds. Each
  woman had to have long hair, color really didn't matter as long as the hair
  was at least shoulder length but the longer the hair, and the better it was.
  Each had to have no tattoos that were visible outside the normal clothes. Women
  that had no tattoos gave a five thousand bonus upon delivery. Teeth were to
  be in good shape with no partials. If a partial was present, five thousand
  was to be deducted from delivery price. Each woman was to have never given
  childbirth or have any living family or close friends that would look for them
  when they disappeared. Education was not of importance whether college educated
  or a high school drop out. Skin is to be clear and free of scars. All hair
  was to be removed from the neck down where it would never grow back. Electrolysis
  was to be used to remove the body hair. Periods were to be stopped by injection
  and birth control is to be given to each woman. All nails, both fingers and
  toes are to be trimmed to a short length and unpainted.  
The instructions for the abduction were real clear also. When the woman was
  kidnapped, all of her clothing will be removed and burned. All jewelry will
  to be removed and destroyed. Trying to sell any of the jewelry would be grounds
  for breach of contract since the police could trace the sale. If the woman
  wears glasses or contacts, they too are to be destroyed. Sight is not of importance
  to these women. Any woman abducted will have to have a clean bill of health.
  Each woman after abduction is to wear either leather or steel cuffs on her
  wrists, ankles, and neck. At no time will they ever be unrestrained or free
  to speak. No clothing of any kind will be worn from the time they are stripped
  to the time they are shipped. Each woman will be given only a liquid diet and
  never be permitted to eat solid food. If a woman after being ordered not to
  speak still tries to talk, she will wear either a ball gag or a dildo gag until
  she proves her ability not to talk.  
The packet also provided the rules for the training. Each woman will sleep
  in a cage no larger than four feet wide, long, or tall. Each cage will be made
  with steel bars with a small door with a heavy padlock. The cage will have
  a steel bar floor with a small pad to sit on. The cages are to be built where
  they can be stacked on top of each other or hung by a chain from the ceiling.
  Each cage will be wired to an electrical panel where if the woman starts getting
  unruly, a small electrical charge will be given to the cage. This has been
  proven to keep a slave in control of herself.  
Each woman will have all of her openings widened to accept even the largest
  of objects. They will have to be able to take a fist in her two lower openings
  upon delivery. Her mouth will have to be able to take a very large dildo or
  cock without chocking. All of the slaves will have to be able to take an order
  WITHOUT hesitation. Once the woman is taken, she will never be called by her
  name but ONLY by slave, cunt, cock sucker, cum drinker, or any other name that
  will prove to her she is nothing more than a piece or property.  
The slaves will be housed in a remote location with security posted at all
  times. This location will never be discussed by any of your people when not
  on the property.  
If after reading these instructions and you are ready to begin your new business,
  call me tomorrow morning and we will meet to discuss the final arrangements.  
I tried to sleep that night but I was to excited about my new adventure it
  was hard to sleep. I woke up the next morning and I called my customer and
  asked for another meeting. We met later that morning and I told him I was on
  board and could deliver what he was seeking. I told him I didn't have the kind
  of money to set up the compound I would be needing or the resources to hire
  the "Right" kind of people it would require to start the new business.
  He said "When you get back to the states, I will have a group of investors
  contact you and they will help you with the location and all the equipment
  needed to start." I asked him "If you have these people
  already in the states, why don't they do this job for you?" He said "My people
  don't have what it takes to do this kind of job for me. They are well financed
  but they lack the skills needed. You have those skills." I told him I was leaving
  in the morning to go home and get started. He gave me a telephone number to
  call as soon as I landed and they will have things set in place for me to get
  started. I shook hands with him and went back to the hotel to pack. I spent
  the rest of the day planning my moves when I got home. I got to bed early as
  my flight was leaving at four in the morning.  
I got back in the states at five in the afternoon. As soon as I retrieved
  by luggage, I called the number I was given. I was told to meet a man at noon
  the following day at the town square. I went home and started my plans to abduct
  my first slave. I called five of my employees who were on the shady side of
  business and told them I wanted to meet with them to discuss a new business
  I was starting. Each one of them has had a run in with the law and would do
  anything for a fast buck. I knew they would want to be in on this new adventure.  
I met the man at the town square as promised. He was driving a new Mercedes
  and he told me to get in his car and we would talk. He said he was taking me
  to my new "Office" about a two-hour drive from here. We took off and about
  all we had to discuss were the weather and unrelated business. He said he would
  tell me more when we got to the "Office". We approached a big fence way out
  in the middle of nowhere and he pulled up to the gate and punched in a code
  on the keypad. The gate opened and we drove another two miles into the complex.
  There were several small buildings and one large one. He hit a remote in the
  car and a garage door opened into the bigger building. It was all made of solid
  concrete with no windows. As we drove inside, he told me this was an abandoned
  missile silo. He said he bought it a number of years ago from government auction.
  He said they are never any unexpected visitors here and it would be a safe
  place to do business. We got out of the car and went to an elevator and got
  in it. We went down sever hundred feet into the silo when the door opened.
  We were in a very large room with about twenty smaller rooms all around the
  big room. Each small room had a steel door with a big padlock on it. He said, "You
  will be safe to house and train all your new slaves here without being detected
  by the outside world. There is no one that ever comes out here other than a
  small amount of my employees. They will no longer be coming here anyway as
  I have moved my business to another location. I'll show you around and give
  you the tour."  
He opened one of the rooms and we went inside. It was what he called my "Supply" room.
  It was lined with shelves containing all the equipment I would need to train
  my slaves. There were steel and leather cuffs, collars, leg irons and anything
  I would need to restrain a slave with. Also on the shelves were a large supply
  of gags, ball gags, dildo gags, ring gags, and pump gags. Another shelf contained
  a very large supply of dildos. Ranging from very small to some as large as
  four inches wide to fifteen inches long and all in between. Harnesses were
  supplied to attach the dildos where the slave could not remove it if it was
  deep inside her. Any kind of whip or flogger was on the shelves also. It was
  a Slavers Dream. On the other wall were the medical supplies. Everything from
  aspirins to the medicine to stop a slave's period. Cases of Ensure were stacked
  next to the door. This is what all slaves are to drink to keep their health
  up since no solid food was to be given to them. The electrolysis machine to
  remove the body hair was on the top shelf.  
We left this room to enter another room where some of the training would
  take place. It was a Slavers dream room. It has a number of X-Racks, Tables
  for medical exams and several electric winches coming from the ceiling. The
  walls were lined with hooks, as were the ceiling and floor. He said "Here you
  can put a slave in any position you want her in and she has no way of getting
  loose. Every room here has about the same equipment in it. You will love it
  here." In the corner was an open shower with hooks in it as well. The toilets
  were right next to the showers and hooks were also placed on the floor and
  walls around them also. I was in awe when I looked around the room.  
We went back into the main room and sat in some chairs next to the wall.
  He asked me if I had any questions and I said, "Yes. Where will I put the slaves
  when they are to sleep?" He took me to two rooms at the other end and opened
  them. He had a small forklift in one room where I could stack the cages plus
  an electric winch coming from the ceiling. He also showed me the electrical
  panel where I will hook it to a cage if a slave becomes unruly. He told me
  he has the cages already finished and ready to deliver.  
I said, "I was told I would have to build them." He said as soon as he found
  out I took the job; he had them built and ready to occupy. We went back to
  the main room and sat down again. He again asked me if I have any more questions
  and again I said, "Yes. When I get the slaves here to
  train, can me and my men use them as we want?" He said, "We would expect you
  and your men to fuck the living daylights out of them. Use every hole they
  have. The bigger they can handle, the better. As you were told, they will have
  to be able to take very large objects in all the openings. Before anyone can
  fuck them, you will have to make sure you have given them the birth control
  medicine first. We don't want any pregnant slaves unless you are given orders
  for one to be pregnant. If that order is given, just make sure that everyone
  has fucked her so no one will know for sure they are the father of the baby." He
  said we are to leave now and he will give me all the keys and the codes when
  we are topside. We went up the elevator to the main level. As we were getting
  in the car he said "You will need at least four men to handle this job. Do
  you have anyone in mind?" I told him I had already set the plan in action.
  He gave me the keys, the remote to the garage door and the code to enter the
  main gate. As we were leaving I asked him about the other small buildings on
  the grounds. He said one is the generator for the power and one was for the
  security and alarm panels. He explained that if for some reason anyone would
  break into the fence, the security monitors would sound an alarm through the
  entire complex to give enough time to hide anything you would what to hide.
  He also said it the alarm goes off, the elevator will freeze where NO ONE could
  get to the lower level.  
We left and he took me back to my car in town. He said "I know your arraignment
  was to receive your up front money when you have the first five slaves in confinement
  but I have been told I can give you your first thirty thousand now to help
  with your expenses." He handed me an envelope
  with the money in it. I said, "How many slaves does he want me to get for him?" He
  said as many as you can get. The more slaves you get, the more money you receive." I
  told him I'm sure I can keep a steady supply come their way. He said the market
  is wide open and take advantage of it. He Said I could make as much as two
  to three million a year if I was good enough. He also said "When you have a
  slave ready to ship, someone will come out to check her and see if she can
  take a fist in her pussy and her ass at the same time. Plus she will also have
  to be able to take a fifteen-inch by three inch down her throat without gagging.
  When you can deliver that, call us and we will check them out."  
We said our good byes and I went home to make a few calls. I called each
  one of my shady employees and told them to meet me tonight at my house. They
  all agreed and we set the meeting for nine. Right at nine, all of them were
  in my house and I told them I wanted to help them all make a lot of money and
  have a good time doing it. I also told them what I was about to propose was
  highly illegal and to some would be highly immoral. I told them if they wanted
  to hear more, stay, if not, LEAVE. They all stayed for the meeting. I told
  them that if any of them said anything about what I was going to tell them,
  I would tell the police about their shady dealings and they all knew what that
  would bring. Prison time for them. Everyone one of them was in for the deal.
  I explained the entire deal and what we were going to have to do to the women
  we kidnapped. I also told them they could have all the women they want and
  do anything they want to them. I could almost see their cocks getting hard
  in their pants and the drool running down their chins.  
The plan was in action. I told them to take one of my company vans that didn't
  have any back windows in it and get it ready to start. We would need to install
  a way to hide the women until we could get them to their new "Home". Several
  suggestions came up about the way we would get the women without them screaming
  out to bloody hell. The one we decided on was to use chloroform. It could be
  bought fairly easy on the black market. One man said he could have some by
  tonight. The next thing was to find the right women with the requirements that
  were given for them. It was agreed that between us six, that would not be a
  problem.  
The next evening my van was brought back with the modifications finished.
  They padded the walls with foam and installed a solid plywood wall right behind
  the front seats. Hooks were installed in the floor to secure the women. From
  the outside of the van, it still looked like a regular work van. All was ready
  to proceed. Our first victim had been scouted and fit the exact profile we
  needed. She was twenty-four years old and stood five feet three inches tall.
  She weighed about one hundred and five pounds and has long blonde hair down
  to her waist. She lived alone and has never been married or for that fact,
  not even a boy friend. She had turned down a date with one of my employees
  about three months ago. She has no family and very few friends. She always
  thought she was better than anyone she would meet. We all agreed she would
  be our first one to nab. We didn't have a cage ready for her but where she
  will be, we could wait for that. The cages were to be delivered tomorrow but
  we have our chance and we were going for it.  
She worked nights at a local bar and would be off work about ten tonight.
  She lives one block away from where she works so she always walked to work
  and the street she lived on was fairly dark. We were ready for our first slave.
  Two employees and me took the van to the bar and parked it on the corner where
  she would turn to go home. The three other employees were driving a car and
  would run interference for us if we got into any trouble. Right on cue, she
  came around the corner and as she pasted the van, we jumped out the back doors
  and grabbed her. She started screaming as loud as she could and we didn't have
  a chance to gas her so we took off as fast as we could get out of there. Once
  in the van, we held her down and used the chloroform on her and she was out
  like a light. We tied her to the hooks in the floor and left her dressed until
  we got to the silo. We punched in the code and entered the grounds. Once we
  got in the garage doors where we knew we were safe, we took her out of the
  van and to the elevator and down we went.  
We all went down at the same time. There were six very horny men waiting
  to have some fun tonight and we knew it was for real. We took her to one of
  the rooms and laid her on the floor. She was still asleep when I went to the
  supply room to get some cuffs for her to wear. I came back in the room and
  we put her in some heavy-duty cuffs and a collar and we strapped her on the
  X-Rack. We all wanted to rip her clothes off right then but I said it would
  be better to have her awake for that event. It took about another ten minutes
  and she was starting to stir. When she opened her eyes and saw six men looking
  at her, she tried to get off the cross she was tied to. She started screaming
  at the top of her lungs for help when she knew she was tied. She looked down
  at herself to see if she still had her clothes on and she seemed to calm down
  when she knew she was still dressed. She demanded to be taken off the rack
  and started screaming again. I walked up to her face and held her chin and
  told her to STOP in a very loud voice. It must have worked because she stopped
  screaming and said in a lower voice, "Please let me go. I won't tell anyone
  what happened here. Just let me go. PLEASE." I told her she will never be free
  again and she will do everything we tell her to do or she will regret she was
  ever born.  
When she heard me tell her she will never be free again, she started screaming
  again as loud as she could. I had a ball gag in my hand so I forced it between
  her teeth and strapped it behind her head and made it as tight as I could.
  About the only thing that came from her from that point was a muffled sound.
  I told her she would now be undressed. She really started trying even harder
  to get free but all she could do at this point was squirm a little. One of
  my men asked if he could cut her clothes off and I told him I wanted to do
  the first slave. When she heard the word slave, she tried even harder to get
  free. I looked her in the eyes and told her this will be the LAST time she
  will EVER wear anything again. I took a razor knife and started with her blouse.
  It came off rather easy. I left her bra on for the moment and started on her
  slacks. I had her down to her bra and pink laced panties and stopped to admire
  my work. I looked at the other men in the room and they all had a hard on that
  a cat couldn't scratch. I knew they would work out real good for this new adventure.  
I couldn't wait to see her tits and her pussy so I began again. I cut her
  bra off first and grabbed her tits with both hands. She went numb at this time.
  I then cut her panties off and stood back to take another look. All my guys
  were about to explode their jeans when they saw her naked pussy and her little
  patch of pubic hair. I rubbed my hands over her pussy to see if she was wet.
  She was NOT wet at all. I told her if she knew what was good for her, she would
  start getting ready for a good old fashion fuck. I was ready to fuck her when
  I remembered about the injection and the birth control I was to give to her.
  I went to the storage room and got what I needed to do the job. I filled the
  syringe and stuck her in her left hip. Now the periods would never come again
  but how was I going to get her to take the birth control pill. I took the ball
  gag out of her mouth only to hear her scream again. While her mouth was wide
  open with a scream, I shoved the pill in her mouth. She swallowed it even without
  water. Before she had a chance to close her mouth again, I put the gag back
  in and buckled it tight. Now she was ready for her "Date". I took off my pants
  and underwear and stood right in front of her. She watches through tear filled
  eyes as I lined my cock up to her tight pussy. In one fast and furious push,
  I was buried deep in her pussy. She was trying her best to avoid this rape
  but there was nothing she could do to stop it. I kept plunging into her until
  I couldn't hold back any longer. I filled her full of my hot wet cum. I loved
  the fact that I can fuck this slave all I want and get paid to do it.  
I moved out of the way and the other five men fucked her the same way I did.
  She stopped moving after the third fucking she received. After everyone was
  finished with her, we let her come back to her senses and told her she will
  no longer be free from this point forward. She just hung on the cross listening
  to every word. I said "You will be at this place until you are trained as a
  slut slave. No one will be looking for you and there is no chance for you to
  escape from here. You are two hundred feet under ground and your screams will
  not be heard so if you still decide to scream after we take the gag out of
  your mouth, you will be punished. In a few minutes you will be taken off the
  cross and taken to the table and strapped down again. If you try to run or
  put up a fight, you will lose and only cause you more pain. As I said, you
  are under ground with no place to run." Two of my men went to her and took
  her off the X-Rack. She didn't try to run until she was led to the table and
  saw where she was going to be tied down. The table is made of stainless steel
  with stirrups on one end of it. Hooks were welded all around the outside of
  the table to hold down the person being laid on it. It took four of us to grab
  her and get her on the table. We used locks to lock her hands to the sides
  and her collar to the head of the table. We also strapped her feet in the stirrups
  where her legs were spread wide and her knees up in the air. More straps were
  put on her knees and pulled to the sides of the table and also strapped tight.
  She was now spread wide for what ever we wanted to do to her. She still tried
  to get loose so we put a strap over her chest just under her tits and one on
  her waist. She now could only move a very short distance.  
I told one man to get me a shaving kit and the electrolysis machine. It was
  time to get her hair removed. As he came back in the room, our slave was trying
  to raise her head to see what we were going to do to her. I said, "We are going
  to shave your pussy and remove all your hair from your neck down to where it
  will never grown back. You will never have to do it for yourself, as you will
  never be permitted to touch yourself again. Your tits, pussy, ass, and mouth
  now belong to us until you are shipped to your new home. Then you will belong
  to your new owner whoever that might be. After I'm finished shaving you, we
  will give you a break to use the toilet and get some food and drink. Now let's
  get started." I applied plenty of shaving
  cream to her mound and got started. When I was finished, she was as bare as
  the day she was born. I then used the machine and finished removing all hair
  from her neck down. She will never grow hair below her neck again.  
When she was finished, we removed her from the table and took her to the
  toilet and strapped her to the seat. I told her "You will now empty your bowels
  and bladder. You will not be removed until you are finished." She did her best
  to void herself while we were watching but she was having a hard time doing
  it. I removed her gag and told her she will not say one word unless asked to.
  She kept real quiet and just sat there. She didn't do anything to try and void
  herself so I said "You may speak to me but if you
  start screaming, I will put the gag back in and it will stay it until tomorrow." She
  asked if we could turn around because she was having a hard time going while
  we watched. I said, "You will NEVER be permitted privacy again. Everything
  you do will be watched is either me or one of my men. Now I would suggest you
  get started our we will give you an enema." She started voiding her bowels
  and her bladder despite us watching her. When she finished, I reached between
  her wide spread legs and cleaned her ass. She started crying as I did this
  to her. I told her she could cry all she wants because in a few minutes, she
  will have something to really cry about.  
We untied her and lead her to the center of the room. I locked her cuffs
  in front of her and one of my men lowered the electric wench from the ceiling.
  I locked her hands to the cable and had the wench to rise upward. She was left
  standing with her feet still on the ground. I told the men to spread her legs
  and lock them to the bolts in the floor. One grabbed her right leg and pulled
  it out to the first bolt and locked it. A man on her left leg did the same
  thing. She now stood with her legs spread about three feet apart. I raised
  the cable holding her hands until there was enough pull as to where she couldn't
  move at all. She started screaming again. I went to the supply room and brought
  back a ring gag. I said "Now open your
  mouth real wide as I put this behind your teeth." She just stood there still
  screaming and didn't even attempt to let me install her ring gag. One of the
  men had a crop in his hands and I told him to start using it on her. He started
  on her ass and moved up her back. I told her "You can
  stop this beating if you open your mouth and take the ring gag." She took another
  two minutes of the beating before she said, "I'll open my mouth but PLEASE
  STOP BEATING ME." I told the man to start again. He was really hitting her
  hard by this time. I told her "You do not bargain with us. You will do what
  you are told to do regardless what that might be. Now you will be beat another
  two minutes and I'll have him stop. I will again tell you to open your mouth
  and if you don't this time, the beating will go on for another fifteen minutes
  and we will try it again.  
If you still don't do as you are demanded to do, the beating will go for
  a FULL HOUR." She endured the next beating for the desired two minutes and
  I had him stop. I again said "Now open your mouth real wide or we will start
  again slut." She opened her mouth to take the ring gag.  
Once it was strapped behind her head, she was left to stand there with no
  way to close her mouth. All that was coming from her then was undetectable
  noises. I had my chance then to inspect her teeth. She didn't have a partial
  and all her teeth looked real good. She had no tattoos on her body either.
  That was a bonus for us.  
I stood in front of her and said; "Now we are going to use your ass. You
  will take all the cock we give you. If at any time you even try and tighten
  your ass muscles, you will be beaten again. We are getting ready to start.  
Shake your head if you are ready." She started shaking her head no as hard
  as she could. I took some KY and put some on my finger and rammed it up her
  ass as hard as I could. I wanted to see how tight she really was. It was TIGHT.
  I told her we are ready to start with a cock. At this time she just stood without
  moving. She knew she was about to lose her virgin ass for good. I let another
  man have first shot at her ass since I was first in her pussy. He took some
  KY jelly and coated his cock and lined it up with her ass hole. He asked me
  if I wanted him to go slow or all at one time. I said "Shove it
  in all at one time. We need to have her opened wide so we might as well start
  now. Do it hard and rough."  
He shoved his cock in with one hard shove. I heard him scream and he said, "That
  is one TIGHT ASS. We are really going to have to work on this one a LOT." He
  started pumping in and out at a fast rate. He didn't last long until he shot
  his cum deep into her now non-virgin ass. She was trying to scream but all
  we could hear was more like a dog crying. He was replaced with the other four
  men and I went last. By the time I had my cock buried in her ass, it was beginning
  to loosen up a bit. She went numb again after the forth man fucked her ass.
  She wasn't even trying to stop the ass rape. Cum was running down both of her
  legs by this time. Drool was coming out of her mouth around the ring gag.  
I told the men to get her down as we have done enough to her on her first
  night in slavery. I said "Since we don't have her cage yet, lets lock her
  to the table for the night and start again in the morning. The cages will be
  here at that time. We also need to find more women to start training. I want
  to have at least five here by the weekend if at all possible. The faster we
  get them and have them trained, the faster we will start getting the big bucks.
  We need to be real careful as we are scouting our new slaves, as we don't want
  to alert the police. I want two of you to go to C------o to get the next woman.
  We don't want to take them all from one town."  
We removed our first slave from her overhead bondage and placed her on the
  table and tied her down where she couldn't get loose. We used pad locks on
  her cuffs placed over her head and spread her legs out wide on the table and
  locked them the same way. One man asked about giving her some Ensure tonight
  and I said no. We will wait until tomorrow to feed her. She has been through
  enough for one night. We went out of the room and locked her door with another
  pad lock. There was no way she could get loose now. She was left with the ring
  gag still in place.  
I told all the men to get some rest and we will start again in the morning.
  I decided to have two of the men stay with me at the compond and the others
  to go home and get some sleep and leave in the morning to get our next slave.
  I took the three other men up the elevator and to the garage. I gave them the
  code to the gate. They will be leaving in the morning and hopefully be back
  tomorrow night with another woman to train. I went back down to the main room
  where the two men were sitting on the couch talking. I pulled up a chair and
  we talked about all that has happened tonight. Both of them were really glad
  to be a part of this new business and are looking forward to a long a rewarding
  business. I said we are all going to be rich PLUS have all the pussy and ass
  we wanted. We pulled out some cots from another storage room and went to sleep.  
We all woke up about the same time the next morning ready to start again.
  I checked the security cameras and all looked good. I know we will be getting
  the new cages sometime today and was ready to have them tried out. We fixed
  something to eat from a cooler we had with us. We would have to get a better
  way to eat and drink other that a cooler. One of my men said he would go to
  town and gets us a small refrigerator and an electric cook top. I told him
  to be sure to buy enough food to last for at least a week. I told him to get
  one of my other vans from town and fill it full. We went topside and he took
  the car left from last night.  
I went back down to the main room. We had a busy day ahead of us with our
  new slave and the promise of more to come. When I got back down, my employee
  was getting ready to open the room where our slave was. I told him we need
  to go in the room at least two at a time. Even though she is a small woman,
  we don't want to take any chances with her trying to hurt any of us. He said
  that was a great idea and we would have to let the other men know what we dicided
  on. We unlocked the door to find the slave wide-awake and trying to scream.
  It was hard to scream with the ring gag stil in her mouth but she was still
  trying. We walked over to the table and I said to her "We are going to unlock
  you and you will have a shower and something to eat. If you try anything stupid,
  you WILL be beaten again. Knod your head if you understand me." She knoded
  her head yes so we unlocked her from the table and locked her hands behind
  her back. I took the ring gag out of her mouth and she was having a hard time
  trying to close her mouth. I took my hand and rubbed her jaws until she could
  close it. She never even tried to speak as we led her to the shower area. I
  said, "Before you are to be showered, you need to void yourself again. I don't
  want to go through what we did last night so you BETTER do it the first time." We
  sat her on the tiolet and locked her feet to the rings on the floor where she
  would be sitting on it with her legs spread wide. She had a good bowel movement
  and had no problem voiding her baldder this time. I cleaned her ass and unlocked
  her from the seat. We took her to the shower and unlocked her hands from behind
  only to to locked in front. We attached a chain in the shower ceiling to her
  wrist cuffs and pulled it up to where she was standing fairly solid on the
  floor. We also spread her legs wide and locked them to the shower floor. She
  was now ready to be cleaned. Both of us soaped up washclothes and got started
  cleaning her. I took the front side and he took the back. She didn't say a
  word as we were washing her until I reached her pussy. She let out a loud moan
  when I started spreading her nether lips to clean her.  
I said "I know you are real sore in your pussy BUT you better get real used
  to it because when we are finished with that pussy, you will be able to take
  a baseball bat in it. The same goes for your ass and your mouth." She started
  to speak when I slapped her face and said "If you say one word, I'll stuff
  a dildo in your throat and leave it there all day." The rest of her bath went
  uneventful.  
After the shower was finished, we relocked her hands behind her and took
  her to the table again. We sat her on the edge of the table and locked her
  hands to one of the rings on the table. We also spread her legs wide and locked
  them to the legs of the table. We never want her to be sitting, standing, or
  laying without her legs spread wide. She is to always know her pussy and ass
  are ours for the taking. I got her a can of Ensure to drink. She looked at
  it funny when I brought it to her lips with a straw to dring out of. I said, "Drink
  your breakfast and when you are finished, I will allow you to talk for a little
  bit. I will even answer some of your questions since your bath went fairly
  well." She took the straw in her mouth and drank all of it. When she was finished
  and I threw the can away I said, "Now you may speak BUT if you start screaming,
  you KNOW what will happen to you." The very first thing she said was "Why are
  you doing this to me. I haven't done anything to any of you?" I said "I know
  you haven't done anything to us but this is what you will be doing the rest
  of your life. You have been picked to be trained to be a SLUT SLAVE. We are
  going to get you prepared for your new owners." She replied with "I'm
  NOT a slut or a slave. I'm a woman who has a life that hasn't hurt anyone.
  You CAN'T do this to me."  
I stopped her by putting my hand over her mouth and said, "You might not
  have been a slut or a slave before but you are now. You will learn how to fuck
  in every one of your openings without complaint. You are nothing more now than
  a whore, cock sucker, slut, cum eater, ass toy, or a bitch. You are now PROPERTY
  and NOT a woman. In the next few weeks or months, you will be able to take
  a fist up your pussy and ass and will be able to suck the LARGEST of all cocks.
  We will be widening all your openings to make SURE you can. The shot I gave
  you last night has stopped all your periods and you will not have one again.
  You are no good to anyone if you are bleeding from your pussy. You will also
  be taking birth control medicine so you will not get pregnant either."  
She started crying again but she stopped real fast with a hard slap to her
  face. After she regained her composure she said, "May I please have something
  else to eat? I need real food." I said "You will live on a liquid diet from
  now on. After your bowel is clear, you will always be ready for cock or a large
  dildo to be placed in it. We don't want our cocks to come out shit covered.
  And also from this moment on, if you are allowed to speak, you will ALWAYS
  start and end EVERY sentence with MASTER. If you fail to do so, you will regret
  it. Do I make myself clear?" She shook her head yes. I
  said, "Answer me slut and you better do it the way I said." She said "Master,
  Yes Master." I asked her if she has any more questions  
because she will NOT have that many chances to speak. She said, "Master,
  May I please have something to wear. It is a bit chilly down here Master?" I
  said, "I told you last night when your clothes were cut off, you
  will ALWAYS be NAKED and ready for us. Your cut up clothes have already been
  burned. You better get used to being naked no matter where you are. If it is
  cold, hot, or inbetween, you will ALWAYS be this way CUNT." Again she started
  crying and again I slapped her face but this time, real hard.  
Before I was to gag her again, I had one more question for her to answer.  
I said "Have you ever had a cock in your mouth and if you have, did you deep
  throat it?" She looked at he and said "I did try it one time with an old boy
  friend but I didn't like it." I hit her again and told her to say MASTER. She
  said again "Master, I'm sorry I forgot to say that Master." I told her "You
  will start today on the proper way to suck a cock. You will be DEMANDED to
  take it all the way down your throat. If you fail, a ring gag will be put in
  your mouth and you will NOT have a choice to do it on your own. I think now
  would be a good time to start. You are now NOT allowed to speak. We took her
  off the table and had her sit on the floor next to the wall. We locked her
  hands to a ring in the wall still behind her back and spread her legs wide
  again and locked to rings in the floor. I took off my pants and put my hard
  cock up to her mouth. I said, "You will now suck my cock and if you bite it,
  you will have a ring gag installed and I will do it MY WAY." I told her to
  open her mouth but she just sat there. I again told her to open but still nothing
  happened. I got the ring gag and tried to get her to open up for it but still
  nothing. I picked up a whip and started hitting her on her tits as hard as
  I could. When she opens her mouth to scream, the other man was ready with the
  gag. She didn't even know he was there until the gag was in her mouth and buckled
  behing her head. I stopped the whipping and got back in front of her mouth.
  I said, "So you chose to do it the hard way. That's fine
  by me. Now I don't have to worry about you biting my cock." I started laughing
  as the tears were flowing down her face. I took my cock and put the tip in
  between her now parted lips. I told her "Now I'm going
  to MAKE YOU deep throat me. If you vomit, I'll just keep fucking until you
  pass out." In one hard push, I had my cock in her throat and was pounding away.
  She was making gagging noises but I just kept going. I took my cock and shoved
  it in as far as it would go and held it there. I could feel her throat muscles
  contracting around my cock. I pulled out again and again I started pounding
  her mouth. As soon as I felt myself getting ready to cum, I pulled out to where
  only the tip was on her tounge and I shot my wad. The cum was running down
  her throat and across her tounge. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head and
  she past out cold. We waited until she came to and as soon as she opened her
  eyes, she had a wild look in them. She again tried to scream but nothing came
  out. It was now time for her to taste another cock. My employee wanted his
  turn at her now. She looked at him as he was taking his pants off and walking
  to her wide-open mouth and his cock was rock hard and ready to be plunged in
  her. He stepped right in front of her and without hesatition, plunged in her
  mouth and throat all the way to his balls. He didn't waste any time trying
  to get his rocks off either. He was really fucking her mouth with all he had.
  He didn't last very long either. He plunged to the back of her throat and cum
  was pouring down to her stomach.  
As soon as he finished with her mouth, my beeper went off. The man who ownes
  the silo was on his way to the building. I left my employee to watch our slave
  as I went topside to meet him. He was unloading the cages for the slaves to
  sleep in. He had twelve cages and some other equipment on the truck. He was
  unloading some chairs still wrapped in plastic and several new tables. I asked
  him what he brought and he explained I would need the "Special" equipment for
  the training. He wanted to get it all down to the main room and he would tell
  me what he had brought us. We loaded it in the elevator and it took ten trips
  to get it all down. Once we were finished unloading it, we moved the cages
  to the sleeping room and stacked them with the forklift against one wall. He
  said the new chairs were built to help "OPEN" the tight passages to the desired
  width. He took the plastic off one and I saw what he was talking about. They
  really didn't look like a regular chair. They have a back and arms with rings
  welded on them. The seat had two planks starting at the back that came out
  in a "V" shape. Under the V was welded a cylinder that could be
  raised and lowered with a switch. The V's had straps attached where you could
  hold the legs of the slave tight to them.  
He knew I was starting to understand the design so he said let's try it out
  on the one slave we already had. We went to her room where she was still locked
  to the wall. We unlocked her and brought her to the new chair. She still had
  the ring gag in her mouth with cum running down her chin. He said, "It looks
  like you have already started on her mouth. Good job. Can she take a cock all
  the way down her throat?" I said "Yes she can.  
She had to have the ring gag in before she would take our cocks but she did
  get them all the way down." He laughed and said, "Well lets get her started
  on the chair." We placed her on the V and strapped her legs to them. It left
  her legs spread wide and open to us. We unlocked her hands and placed them
  on the arms of the chair and locked her cuffs to the rings on them. We took
  the straps on the back of the chair and strapped her upper body to them. It
  had a small headrest on the top where her head was also strapped to where she
  couldn't move her head at all. We finished her legs by pulling the lower part
  of them up to the bottom side of the V and locked them to it also. This is
  when I noticed her pussy and ass was hanging out far enough to do what we wanted
  to them.  
He went to the storage room and brought out several large dildos. He placed
  rather large dildo, about two inches wide and eight inches long on the piston
  below her pussy. He picked up the electric switch and hit the button. The dildo
  was now raising right up to her pussy in perfect alignment to go straight in
  her. He coated the dildo with some KY jelly and said, "Now watch this. It will
  go deep into her without having any trouble." He
  was right. It slid right up her channel without any problems. Well there was
  one problem. Our slave was going wild as it was buried in her. She couldn't
  do anything to stop it but sit there and take what was given to her. He handled
  me the switch and said, "Now see the buttom that sayes rotate. Hit it." I pressed
  that button and I could see the dildo starting to spin inside her. He said, "Now
  see the button that sayes movement. Press it." I pressed this button and the
  dildo was going up and down almost to where it was all the way out but only
  to the tip. I noticed another button that had "Speed" written on it. He said
  we could adjust the speed from very slow to very fast, as we desired for the
  slave. I turned it up to high and now the dildo was fucking her at a very fast
  pace. She was going WILD about this time.  
He said there was a timer on the switch where we could set it to fuck from
  five minutes to one hour before stopping. I set it for twenty minutes. Her
  fate was now sealed. She would have to sit there as the dildo fucked her pussy
  for the desired time of twenty minutes. As we watched her taking the dildo,
  he was showing me the movement of the piston where it can be set back on the
  track to be adjusted to fuck her ass the same way. I was LOVING IT. The slave
  was HATING IT. She was rolling her eyes back and forth trying to get away from
  her now fast moving fuck. That was about the ONLY thing she could move.  
As our slut was busy at the machine, we unpacked the other chairs and set
  them up along the wall inside the other rooms. He had brought us a total of
  five chairs. We said, "Now lets look at the new tables. They have a very "Special
  design just for an unruly slave. You will like this one." We went to the table
  and it really didn't look that much different than the one's in the training
  rooms. He said "These tables have a design where once the slave in strapped
  down to it, it can fold from the center to make her in a sitting position with
  her feet in the stirrups, or just strapped wide to the table. The part where
  her ass sits has a sliding door that can be slid back to have access to her
  ass and pussy. Also you might notice the head rest has a hinge on it where
  her head can be lowered and strapped so when her mouth is open, she can take
  a cock or a dildo straight down her throat and into her neck without having
  to bend it. If you would try and shove a large dildo in her with her head flat
  to the table, you can harm her throat. This way, she can take the longest of
  cocks and dildos without harm. Also look under the door that opens to her ass.
  It has the same piston as the chair has so she can have a dildo in her pussy
  or ass at the same time. Now she can have one in her throat and pussy without
  any problems. You might also notice it has the same controls the chairs have.
  Speed, depth, rotation, and timer. With the table being made of stainless steel,
  it can have an electrical charge shot to the slave attached to it if she does
  not do as she is told. The charge is not enough to kill her but it will sure
  get her to to as demanded. Just be sure none of you are touching the table
  if you are to shock her as you will receive the same shock."  
I asked him "How much do I owe you for all this equipment?" He said, "The
  cost will be deducted from the sale of your first five slaves. The total sum
  for the equipment is fifteen thousand dollars." I said "What about the rent
  on the silo and all the equipment that was already here?" He said "The silo
  and all the property here is a perk for you. The generator works off a natural
  gas well the government dug here. That came with the property when I bought
  it. The water is also from a well so it is free also." I
  asked him "If you have all this ready, why didn't you ar one of your workers
  do what we are doing?" He said, "I don't need the money. I have all I can ever
  spend and I really don't have what it takes to do what you are doing. I will
  be glad to use some of the slaves you will have here though. I can always use
  some extra pussy." He was laughing at his last comment. I told him he is welcome
  to use ANY of the slaves he wants and he can do whatever he wants to do to
  them. He said "Well I could use a blow
  job now that you mentioned it." I said, "Not a problem. I have one that is
  ready for you NOW." We both turned back to the slave in the chair  
being fucked by the dildo in her pussy, as her mouth was still wide open.
  He walked over to her and got a stool to put between her open legs. He took
  off his pants and stood on the stool and lined his cock up with her mouth and
  plunged deep into it. The slave just sat there as he was plunging in her mouth.
  She closed her eyes until he shot his cum deep into her throat. Just as he
  finished, the timer stopped her pussy fuck.  
He said he had to leave and for us to have a good time with the slut. I escorted
  him topside and he left the property. I went back down to check on our slave.
  As soon as I got to the bottom, I saw my employee fucking her mouth. After
  he finished, I said, "I think she has had enough for a while.
  Lets give her a break and that will give us some time to put all this equipment
  where we want it." We took her off the chair and cuffed her hands
  behind her. We led her to the sleeping room and I opened the only cage that
  was not stacked on the wall. We shoved her in it, spread her legs wide and
  locked the cuffs to the bars and locked the cage. She could not stand or lie
  down, as the cage was only four feet wide and deep and tall.  
She had to sit with her back up against the bars. The small pad for her ass
  to sit on was removed before she was put in the cage. I took the winch hanging
  from the ceiling and hooked it to the top of the cage. I raised her in the
  air about five feet. I hooked the wire on the cage so if she was to become
  unruly, we could give her a good shock to stop her. We looked under the cage
  and could see her pussy was still wide open from the dildo fucking she just
  had. I didn't want the sitting pad installed just yet for that very reason.
  Now we could see our handy work up close.  
We talked about where we wanted the tables to be put. We had three of them.
  We decided to leave them in the main room instead of the smaller training rooms.
  This way if we have several slaves we want to train at the same time, each
  slave could watch what was being done to the others. It would let them know
  if they didn't do as demanded, the other slaves would be able to watch the
  slave being disciplined. Another thing we could do was to set the tempture
  of each room including the main room to whatever tempture we wanted. We could
  turn the heat up to one hundred or down to as low as thirty-five degrees. If
  a slave was so unruly, we could "Cool" her off until she was ready to do as
  we told her.  
We sat around in the main room for over two hours before we decided to start
  on our slave again. We went to the sleep room where she was still hanging in
  her cage to find piss all over the floor under her cage. She had really made
  a big mess. I lowered her cage to the floor and she had a wild look on her
  face. Cum had dried on her chin and down to her breasts. I told her "Now you
  didn't ask permission to piss. Ohh I forgot, you still have your ring gag in
  your mouth and you couldn't ask." I laughed hard at that comment. I reached
  between the bars as took the gag out. I said, "If you speak without being told
  to, you will be punished." She said "FUCK
  YOU YOU LOUSY BASTARDS. If I ever get loose, I'll KILL YOU ALL." I said, "I'm
  glad you did that. Now I can show you what you will get for that comment and
  also for speaking without being asked." I picked up the cord attached to her
  cage and I turned the setting up to high. I hit the switch and her cage was
  sending a powerful shock to her body. She really went wild after that one.
  She started screaming louder than she did when we first fucked her. I left
  the charge on for about ten seconds. When she stopped screaming, I said, "Now
  do we need to do that again? I will give you permission to answer but remember
  to use the word MASTER or I will shock you until you are cooked." She started
  crying and said "Master, No. I'm sorry I screamed at you Master."  
I told her "Now that is what you will get EVERYTIME you talk without being
  told. You will NEVER cuss at us again. Do you understand me whore?" She said, "Master,
  Yes I understand Master." I said to her "I will
  give you a chance to show me you will be good from now on. I'm going to take
  you out of your cage and to a training room and you will give me a blowjob
  without your ring gag in. If you fuck up in even a small way, you will be real
  sorry. After you blow me, you will ass fuck the other man." We unlocked her
  from the cage and took her to one of the training rooms. We left her hands
  locked behind her back. I said, "Now you will not be tied for this one other
  than your hands. You will get down on your knees and open your mouth. When
  I put my cock in your mouth, you will use your tounge and lips and swollow
  all my cum. If you spill one drop of it, you will be sorry." I dropped my pants
  and as she was on her knees, I walked up to her face. Without me even having
  to say another word, she opened her mouth and took my cock in and started giving
  me a real good blowjob. Even when I grabbed her head and shoved my cock all
  the way it to my balls, she still did a great job on me. I fucked her face
  for five minuted before I shot my cum in her open mouth. She wrapped her lips
  around my cock until I finished and I could see her drinking it all. She never
  spilled a drop. I puled out and said; "Now that is what you will do EVERY time
  we want head from you. Now it's time to get your ass fucked. I want you to
  stand up and go to the table and lean over it where your ass is sticking up
  to take another cock." She stood up and went straight to the table and leaned
  over it. She spread her legs wide and was ready to take the cock in her ass.
  My employee dropped his pants and lined his cock up with her ass hole and plunged
  right in it to the balls. She never made a sound. She was just standing there
  taking what was being given to her. As he was fucking her ass I said to her "I
  want you to start moving your ass back and forth to help him fuck you even
  harder. You better keep up with his motions." She started hunching his cock
  as hard as she could. They were both really getting into the fuck when I heard
  him scream, "I'm cumming you worthless cunt. Keep going until I have stopped
  you cock sucking slut."  
After he finished unloading his cum deep into her ass, I told her "Now we
  need to get you cleaned up and ready for your lunch. Go to the shower NOW BITCH." She
  stood up and went to the shower and waited. We locked her legs wide apart as
  before and relocked her hands above her head. She had cum in her hair so I
  knew we would have to wash her hair this time. She never moved one little bit
  as we washed her. Even when we were washing her pussy and ass, she didn't try
  to move. This was a sign she was beginning to know she would be a slave from
  now on. We took her out of the shower and dried her off. All we did to her
  hair was towel dry it. We didn't care if it looked like shit or not. I knew
  it would take a while for her hair to dry completely because as long as it
  is. We lead her to the table and told her to sit on the edge while she is being
  fed. We lifted her to the tabletop and as she was sitting there, her legs were
  together. I said,  
"You will NEVER sit with your legs together again. Now spread them wide so
  we can see your pussy slut." She spread them as we told her. I locked her hands
  to the ring on the table. I decided not to lock her legs this time. I had something
  I wanted to try on her to see if she was really coming around to her new life
  as a slut slave. I told my employee to get the Ensure to feed her. He came
  back and held it to her lips so she could drink it. She took the straw and
  started drinking. As she was drinking it, I put my hand on her pussy and started
  rubbing it. She never tried to move. I stuck three fingers in her pussy and
  she was still drinking her lunch. I was really impressed with this. Even after
  she was finished with her Ensure, I kept finger fucking her and she never tried
  to move. She didn't try and close her legs either.  
I thought I would have another talk with our slave. With her lastest actions
  being favorable, this talk might help her to understand what else was coming
  to her so she will know she has no chance for excape or a "Normal" life again.
  I said "Now that you have seen what we can and WILL do to you if you don't
  obey our every command, and since you willingly let us fuck your mouth and
  ass, I thought I would have another talk with you so you can ask some questions
  about your training and your new life as a slave. You will NOT beg to be free
  again or our talk will end and I will gag you for the rest of the day. Also
  remember to always start and end your sentence with Master. The ONLY things
  you are allowed to talk about are your training. Now, do you have any questions?" She
  said "Master,
  What all are you going to do to me Master?" I said, "You will be trained to
  take LARGE dildo's and cocks in your mouth, pussy and ass. You are to be opened
  WIDE in all those places." She asked, "Master, I am a small woman and I can't
  take anything larger than you have already given me Master. I thought I was
  going to be torn apart by the machine that was ramming that dildo in my pussy
  Master." I said "First let me clear up one thing you said, you are no longer
  a woman and you will NEVER refer to yourself as that from now on. You are to
  refer to yourself as any of these names. Slut, Whore, Cock Sucker, Cum Eater,
  Slave, or Bitch. And as to your holes not being able to take larger dildo's
  and cocks, you will find out that they CAN and WILL be able to after we are
  finished with them. You will be able to have a fist and an arm shoved in both
  you pussy AND ass."  
I thought she was getting ready to either scream or call us names again when
  she took several deep breaths and said "Master, How long will I be down
  here and when I leave here, where will I be taken to Master?" I said "You will
  be with us until your holes can take a fist and arm in them. That may be several
  weeks to several months. That all depends how well your holes widen. And to
  your last question, you will be shipped overseas to live out your life as a
  slave." She asked "Master, am I the only slave you are
  going to train Master?" I said "No. You will be joined by a lot of other cunts
  in a short while. Each and every one of you will have to be trained the same
  way you are being trained right now. I'm glad you asked that question because
  I can now tell you that when the other whores get here, you will NEVER be permitted
  to talk to them without permission from any of your Masters." She had a slight
  glimmer of hope in her eye when I told her other whores would be here in a
  little while. I know she was thinking if there were enough other slaves here,
  they might be able to overtake us and get free. I said, "Don't think that you
  or any of the other cock suckers will be able to over throw us because that
  will NEVER happen. All of you will ALWAYS be locked to something with the locks
  we have already used on you."  
The twinkle she had soon disappeared from her eyes. I said, "I will answer
  only one more question and we need to get started on you again. So if you have
  one, NOW is the time to ask it." She Said "Master, if I do everything
  you tell me to do without complaint, will I ever be whipped or shocked again
  like I was earlier Master?" I said " Yes you will. That is
  part of your training. That cannot be avoided. The main thing to remember is
  the amount of whipping you receives will depend on how well you take your training.
  If you have done everything demanded of you, you will only have a very short
  beating. If you FUCK UP, you will be beaten HARD and LONG. As far as being
  shocked, the same goes for that also. You will be shocked several times a day
  regardless. That is something you will just have to live with. The amount of
  time you are being shocked also depends on how well you take your training."  
I was about to get started on her training again when my beeper went off.
  I checked the security camera and my other employee was back with my other
  van. I went topside to meet him. He had the van full of food and drink plus
  a new refrigerator and cook top. We unloaded everything and took it down to
  the mail level. He had enough food and drink to last for a good two months.
  I was really pleased he bought that much food. Most of it could be stored without
  being in the refrigerator. He looked at the slave sitting on the table and
  said, "Well it looks like she is doing real well. I can tell by the look on
  her face she is going to be a GREAT fuck toy. I think I might as well get me
  a piece of her tight pussy while I'm at it." We both laughed and I said, "She
  will gladly take your cock in her pussy. She has been doing real well since
  you left. Go for it." He walked over to her and said, "Well our little cock
  sucker, are you ready for my hard cock in your wet pussy?" She said, "Master,
  Yes Master." I thought he was going to shit when she answered him like that.
  He said, "Well I can see you HAVE been busy training the slut." We unlocked
  her hands and laid her down on the table. We relocked her hands to the top
  and spread her legs wide and locked them as well. He climbed up on the table
  after he stripped and got right on top of her. She never made a sound. He lined
  his cock up with her pussy and drove hard into it. He fucked her as hard as
  he could for over ten minutes without her making one sound. As soon as he started
  to cum in her, she started to moan a little. I could tell she was about to
  cum also. I said, "Go ahead slut. I want to see you cum too." I
  couldn't believe what I was watching. She came as she was being raped. She
  had a very long orgasm and was still moaning as he was getting off the table.  
After he was standing and looking at the slut, I said, "Did you see the new
  equipment in the main room and the new chairs in the training rooms?" He said, "Yes,
  but I had more important things on my mind." He laughed at his comment. I said, "Let
  me show you how they work." I showed him the way the chairs work and he loved
  every minute of it. I took him to the main room and he was looking at the table
  with some confusion on his face. As I showed him what the table could do, he
  said, "Well why don't we
  just show the slut too if she hasn't been on it yet." I said, "Well you are
  in for a show then. She hasn't had the pleasure yet. Might as well show her
  now. Let's get her to it." We went back in the training room and unlocked her
  from the table. We took her to the "New" table and layed her on it. We locked
  her down like she was on the other table. I hit the button to raise her upper
  body to a sitting position. I went to the supply room and had a big ball gag
  and a rather large dildo in my hands.  
She looked at them as I came her way. I said, "You will be gagged for this
  one my little whore. Don't try and resist now because you have done so well
  so far." As I was raising the ball gag toward her mouth, she opened her mouth
  real wide to take it. I shoved it in her mouth and fastned the buckle behind
  her head. I hit another button and the door under her ass opened to reveil
  her now very opened pussy. I attached the dildo to the piston and hit the button
  to force it inside her. She never tried to stop it by trying to close her legs.
  She couldn't even if she wanted to the way her legs were spread as wide as
  they were. The dildo entered with no problem. It was the largest one she has
  had so far. It was two and a half inches wide and nine inches long. I hit the
  button to make it start moving up and down and set the speed to medium. I could
  hear her starting to moan as it was fucking her tight pussy. I didn't know
  if she was moaning in pleasure or pain. I really didn't care one way or the
  other. She was going to have to take things a LOT bigger than this before it
  was over.  
As this Hugh dildo was fucking her, we were using our hands all over her
  body. I grabbed her tits and started squeezing them hard as I could. She still
  didn't move. I stopped with her tits and said, "Now watch this and
  DON'T touch the table." I hit the button to run a charge through it. She started
  as hard as she could to get away from the table. Her eyes were rolling to the
  back of her head by this time. I stopped the charge and said, "Now you can
  see what we can do when a slut has been bad." He was laughing
  his ass off on that one. Our slave sure wasn't though. After she regained her
  composure, she started to enjoy the dildo that was still working away at her
  pussy. I turned the speed up to high and she was really moaning behind her
  gag now. We could see by her face she was having another orgasm. I set the
  timer for thirty minutes and we sat down in some chairs to watch her and her "New" toy.  
We talked about her very tight ass and how we were going to have to really
  work on it to widen it. We have all fucked her ass and it was way to tight.
  Don't get us wrong, we love a good tight ass but we were also getting paid
  a lot of money to deliver her with all her openings real wide.  
I said, "After the timer goes off, I think we need to replace the dildo in
  her pussy to her ass. I know she won't like it but what the fuck, we have a
  job to do." We again laughed about that comment. Soon the timer went off and
  the dildo stopped. I adjusted the piston back the desired distance as where
  the dildo would now slide up her narrow passage. She had heard us talking about
  her ass and she knew what was coming next. Before I started the piston, I went
  to the supply room and brought another gag. This gag has a dildo on it about
  two inches wide and seven inches long. The dildo was soft and would bend to
  be able to have it shoved down her throat without hurting her. It would follow
  the contour of her throat. I said. "Now I'm going to take the ball gag out
  of your mouth and replace it with one that has a dildo on it. You will take
  it down your throat without any complaints. It is real soft so don't worry
  about it hurting you. If you give me any trouble with this one, I'll get one
  that is hard and twice this size." I showed it to her before I took the ball
  gag out. Her eyes got real big as she saw how long it was.  
I removed the ball gag and she said, "Master, PLEASE don't put that down
  my throat Master. Master, May I please start with one that is smaller Master?
  Please Master?" I said, "You WILL TAKE IT and you WILL LOVE IT my little cock
  sucker. Now OPEN WIDE." She didn't want to open but she knew I would get a
  bigger one and start with it. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth. I wanted
  to get past her gag reflexes fast so I shoved it all the way in with one fast
  shove. She gagged a little bit but soon had it under control. I fastned the
  buckle real tight behind her head to keep it all the way down her neck. I checked
  the dildo under her ass to make sure it was lined up right and hit the button.
  It found her tight little hole and rammed in without hesitation. I left in
  in the up position to she how she was going to take this large dildo before
  I started it in motion. She was in a lot of distress as this is the largest
  thing she has ever had up her ass. I waited about a minute and said, "I know
  you don't like this but you will have a LOT bigger ones up there in a little
  while so you might as well just get used to it. Now I'm going to start it moving
  so get ready." I hit
  the button as she is now getting a good ass fuck. I set it on medium movement
  and set the timer of another thirty minutes. Her eyes stayed closed as we could
  tell she was having a lot of trouble with this fucking she was getting.  
One man asked if we should shock her again and I said. "No, I want her to
  get used to her ass and mouth being filled at the same time before we do that.
  After the timer goes off, we will replace the dildo gag with a larger one and
  the dildo in her ass with a three-inch wide and ten inches long. Another thirty
  minutes with that in her ass, we should give her a small break and get her
  cleaned up some. She has really been sweating a lot and beginning to stink." Again
  we laughed and watched as she was being impaled with two doldos at the same
  time. We talked about what we will do to her later today when one of the men
  said, "What do you think about me shoving
  another dildo in her pussy while she is taking the other two?" I said, "Well
  you have a valid point there. Go get one about three inches wide and nine inches
  long and lets see how it works." He came back carrying the desired dildo with
  a smile on his face. He was getting ready to get down on the floor to shove
  it in when I said, "Be real careful with
  the piston. We don't want you to get your hand caught in its movement." He
  said, "Thanks for the warning. I'll be real careful. I bet she is going to
  go WILD when she has three of them in her at the same time." He slowly shoved
  the dildo in her pussy until it was all the way in her. She started trying
  to make a noise behind her now filled mouth but all we could hear was a slight
  muffle. She was now filled in all three of her holes at one time. He took his
  hand off of the dildo he was holding in her and it fell out on the floor under
  the table. I guess with her pussy being fucked by the dildo now in her ass,
  it has already started streaching it. As he was picking it up, I got a piece
  of duct tape and handed it to him. He again shoved it in all the way to the
  base and used the tape to tape it to her now clean-shaven mound. It would stay
  in place now.  
The slave rode the machine for the duration of time with a lot of difficulty.
  When the dildo stopped, I removed the one taped in her pussy and the one in
  her ass. I stood up and looked at her and said, "Now I'm going to take the
  dildo gag out and I don't want one fucking word out of your slut mouth or you
  will REALLY be sorry BITCH. Shake your head if you understand what I just said
  WHORE." She shook her head yes so I removed the gag. I really thought she was
  going to scream after what she had just been through but she never even made
  a peep. I said, "We are going
  to feed you and give you a shower and then a break before we start again." One
  of my men brought her a can of Ensure to drink. We didn't remove her from the
  table as she had her drink. After she finished, I said, "Now
  you will get your shower and then your break. If you are really good and do
  what we tell you to do, things will be better for you. Just go along and get
  along." We unlocked her from the table and took her to the shower in a training
  room. We locked her hands above her head to the chain and again spread her
  legs and locked them to the floor. After she was secured, I got down on my
  knees and looked up her pussy and ass.  
Her holes were still spread wide from the dildo fucking she had just endured.
  I was really please with this and said, "You are starting to widen like you
  are supposed to. Both you pussy and ass are getting bigger.  
Before long, you will be able to take my fist up either one of them slut."  
The two men soon had her showered and very clean. I told them to also wash
  her hair and dry it. I also told them to put her hair into a ponytail when
  they finished. They quickly finished her hair and had it in a very tight ponytail
  when I said; "Before we take her down, do either of you want a quick fuck?" Both
  of them said they would LOVE to have another piece of her. I said, "I want
  one of you to fuck her pussy while the other fucks her ass at the same time.
  After you finish with her, clean her holes again before her break starts." Both
  men removed their pants and were lined up to the holes they were going to plunge
  into. I looked at her and said, "Now be a good little whore and give them a
  GREAT FUCK and I will have a treat for you. I don't want to hear anything coming
  out of your cock sucking mouth as they fuck you slut." She stood there, as
  if she had a choice, and let them fuck her ass and pussy without saying a word.
  They soon had her holes cleaned again and she was ready for her treat and her
  break.  
They removed her from the chain and relocked her hands behind her back. As
  soon as her legs were free, I said, "Now I'm going to give you your treat.
  I want you to get down on your knees in front of me and suck the cum out of
  my cock. You will drink it like the good little cocksucker you are. After you
  finish, I will let you have four hours in your cage to rest. Now GET TO IT
  SLUT." I really didn't think she would suck me without being
  forced to but to my surprise, she got down on her knees and took my now hard
  cock into her mouth and gave my a very good blow job. She took the entire cock
  down her throat without me having to force her to. Just before I was to unload
  my hot cum in her mouth, I said, "I'm getting ready to cum. I'm going to put
  the head of my cock on your tongue and you will drink it like you love it." As
  I started cumming, I pulled out to the end of her tongue and shot a large load
  into her open mouth. She drank every drop I had to offer. When she had finished,
  I said, "Now I want
  you to thank me for my cum and you better remember the Master before and after
  your sentence." She said, "Master, thank you for your cum
  Master." After all she had been through, she was beginning to understand that
  the better she did, the better she would be treated.  
We took her to her cage and locked her in it. Her hands were still locked
  behind her as they will always be for now on. We still didn't let her have
  her little mat to sit on yet. We also spread her legs wide and locked them
  to the cage. I wanted to let her know that we have the right to look at her
  pussy and ass whenever we want. Her cage was again lifted by the cable to where
  it was about five feet off the floor. I said, "You can either sleep if you
  can or just sit there. We will be back in about four hours to resume your training.
  The camera on the wall will be watching your every move so don't try any stupid
  fucking tricks whore." She looked at the far wall and saw the small camera
  looking right at her. We locked her door and went back to the main room to
  rest.  
As we were sitting in the main room, we started talking about what we were
  going to do to her next. She has already come a very long way in a very short
  time. The main thing besides opening her holes wide was to make sure she knows
  her body is ours to use as we see fit. She knows she will never be able to
  touch herself again and the notion of privacy was out of the question. She
  will have to be broken of any aspect of her self-respect before she is delivered
  to her new owners. I said, "What if we use some sort of clips to always keep
  her pussy lips spread open so we can always see her clit and her open pussy
  even when she is not being used? This way she will NEVER have any privacy of
  her pussy." One of the men went to the supply
  room to see what all we had on the shelves. We had been too busy to really
  look at all the equipment we really had in there. He was in there for about
  ten minutes when he popped out and said that we should come have a look. I
  checked the monitor to see how our slave was doing. She seemed to be sleeping.
  We went to the room to see what he had found. Besides having the cuffs, collars,
  dildos and whips of all sizes, on the very top shelf were several items we
  had overlooked in the beginning. We took several items off the shelf to notice
  there were nipple clamps, some were aligator clips, and some were clamps that
  had an adjustable screw where you could make them as loose or as tight as you
  wanted them. Also we found nipple rings, and clit rings with the neddles in
  install them. I dug a little deeper in the shelf and found what I thought was
  what we were looking for in the first place. It was a small leather band with
  the aligator clips already on them. Each band had three clips attached to them.
  We noticed they were to be placed on the upper thigh right next to the spread
  pussy. We counted the new leather bands and there were fifty of them. We could
  have as many as twenty-five women wear them at the same time. Next to the bands
  were leather hoods that would completely cover the entire head and neck. There
  were no eyeholes but they did have a small opening where the nose get all the
  air needed to survive. The mouthpiece had an opening where a dildo or a cock
  could be put into the mouth without removing the hood. The hoods had a ring
  sewed in the top where a chain could be attached to hold the slave upright
  by the hood. We also found a box with over two hundred pad locks of all sizes
  since all the collars and even the hood had a place where they could be locked
  without the chance of removal without a key.  
We went back to the main room after the inventory of our supplies and had
  another talk. I said, "I guess I need to call our customer and find out if
  they want any of the slaves pierced. Nothing had been mentioned to me at the
  first meeting I had but with us finding the nipple and clit rings, they may
  want them installed." We fixed us a lunch and kicked back to rest for a
  while. After we were rested, I said, "I'm going to call the other employees
  to see if they have had any luck finding more slaves to train and also call
  our customer to check on the peircings." I called our "Client" and
  asked him about piercing the slaves. He said they will need to be pierced and
  the rings installed but we could do that at any time. It could be done at the
  capture or at the time of delievery. It really didn't make any difference to
  them as long as they were ringed upon delivery. He said we also need to have
  the new slaves trained to be Bi-Sexual. He said, "Some of the slaves will be
  bought by women owners and they should be trained in the proper way to eat
  a pussy. I didn't think you would be this far along with getting the slaves
  we need. I was going to send you an e-mail with the "Other" instructions of
  their training since I didn't think you would be this fast with the orders
  placed. It sounds like you are moving right along. Just be super careful not
  to bring any unwanted attention to yourselves. How long do you estimate before
  the delivery of the first five slaves?" I said, "The way it's going now, we
  should have the first five ready in about three to four weeks." He said, "If
  you can get them ready in a month, I'll give you a ten thousand dollar bonus." I
  said, "I can't promise
  you a month but we will do our best." He replied with, " I don't want you to
  rush the training as I told you, they HAVE to be ready before we will take
  them. They HAVE to be WILING to do as demanded. I'm trusting you will do what
  you said you could do."  
The next call went to my other employees to check on their status with other
  slaves. Since they were using cell phones, when they answered I said, "How
  are you doing on your "Shopping" trip? Have you found the software we need?" One
  of them said, "It's going real well. We should be back tonight with three more
  boxes of the required software you need." I said, "Have you already got what
  we are looking for or do you still need to pick it up?" He said, "Delivery
  will be taken tonight about nine PM and we should be back at the office by
  midnight." I told them to have a safe trip back and we will see them then.
  I hung up and told the other men we need to get ready for three more slaves.
  That perked up their ears. It looked like our new "Business" was starting to
  boom.  
We discussed the arrival of our new slaves and what we should do to make
  sure none of them get the idea that there is power in numbers. We decided we
  would need to make each one of them hate the others. If they spent their time
  wanting to do harm to each other, they would spend more time on the training
  they were to undergo. Several ideas came to view to help achive this. One was
  to have the slave in the top cage piss on the slaves on the lower cages. This
  would be easy to do. Before we put them in their cages, we could force the
  top slave to drink a LOT of liquid where she had no choice but to piss on the
  lower ones. We could rotate the cages where each one could piss on the others
  to get even. Another idea was to make sure they could NOT talk to each other
  at any time. Gags would be used while they were in the same room at all times.
  Another great idea was to have one slave fuck up with her training even if
  we had to make up something and punish the other slaves for her fuck up. We
  would never punish the slave that did the fuck up but ALWAYS punish each of
  the other slaves for her misdoings. That will always keep them mad at each
  other all the time. Now that we knew we had to train them as Bi-Sexual, that
  gave us a whole new way to keep them mad at each other. We could have the slave
  that fucked up be eaten by all the other slaves. The list was endless and we
  loved it. The ideas kept coming in and we were ready to start as soon as the
  other three got here.  
We talked a few more minutes about everything we have done so far. I told
  the men we might as well get some sleep because we will have a long night tonight
  with the new sluts coming. One asked me about the four hours we told the slave
  she would have in her cage. I said, "Lets give her
  a little more time. We all need the rest including her. It's going to be a
  long night so let's get some sleep." It was already about three in the afternoon
  and with at least eight hours sleep, we should be good to go. I figured since
  we didn't have daylight to go by, the time we slept didn't matter anyway. We
  all kicked back and fell to sleep.  
My beeper went off and I checked the time. It was eleven thirty already.
  I couldn't believe we had been sleeping that long but we did have a long day.
  The other men were at the gate with the van full of new slaves. I woke the
  other men and told them to get ready for a full night. I went topside to see
  the van pulling into the garage door. As soon as the door was closed, I opened
  the back door of the van. There were three women still sleeping from the cloriform.
  All three were still fully dressed and bound tight. We unloaded them and took
  them to their new "Home". As soon as we reached the bottom floor, the men I
  left behind were waiting at the elevator door to help. We took all three of
  them to separate training rooms. Back to the supply room we went to get the
  cuffs they would wear the rest of their lives. Ball gags were also ready for
  each of them. As soon as they were cuffed and gagged, they were secured with
  locks to the X-Racks in each room. None of them stirred while we were locking
  them to the racks. They were now in the same position our first slave was in
  when she arrived here. Each one was still fully clothed as they were when they
  were kidnapped.  
We went back to the main room and I needed to find out the facts on these
  three women. I was told they were all roommates in an apartment on the outskirts
  of the town they lived in. They said after checking the records on each one
  of them, they were all-single and owned an adult bookstore. They said the bookstore
  was under federal investagation for tax fraud. One of the women got the store
  from her father when he died. With the women disappearing as they did, the
  police would think they were on the run from the law, as they knew about the
  investigation going on. The other two women were also without any family. All
  three women were on the shady side of the law.  
The first woman was twenty-seven years old and stood five feet four inches
  and weighed about one hundred and fifteen pounds with long red hair. The second
  was twenty-one years old; five feet one inch tall and weighed about one hundred
  pounds with mediun length dark brown hair. The third woman was five feet six
  inches tall and weighed about one hundred twenty pounds with waist long blonde
  hair. She was right at the limit on height and weight as to what our customer
  was wanting. If she weighs more than we think, she will surly lose the extra
  pounds with the liquid diet they will be on. All three women were real good
  looking. We looked through their purses to see if there was anything we were
  missing. The owner of the store had over six thousand dollars in her purse.
  The other two had about four thousand between them. All three were wearing
  diamonds on their fingers that had to be worth a lot of money. I needed to
  find out if any had tattoos on them. With them having an adult bookstore, I
  was afraid they made have some. There was only one way to find out. Even if
  they did, with the extra cash we got from them, it wouldn't make that much
  difference anyway.  
I checked the monitor and the first slave was still sleeping. She has had
  a very busy day so it didn't surprise me. I told all five men it was time to
  unwrap our newest bitches. We went to the first room where the red head was
  strapped. She was still out cold so we would have to use smelling salt to wake
  her. We wanted her wide-awake for her stripping. Before the salt was raised
  to her nose, we took her rings off her fingers. Her watch followed. I told
  the men "I don't give a fuck what the rings are worth, we
  have to destroy them. As I told you in the beginning, we have our orders." They
  all agreed and they were placed in a paper bag and taken to the main room.
  I took the salt and put it under her nose. She soon opened her eyes and you
  could tell by the way her eyes were wide open, she knew she was in trouble.
  She was trying her best to get off the X-Rack but as she soon found out, she
  was trapped like a rat. She, like the first slave did, looked down to see if
  she was still dressed. I looked her in the eyes and said; "I know you have
  a lot of questions going around in your brain right now. You will soon find
  out the answers to those questions. You, along with your friends have been
  kidnapped. You will NEVER have your freedom again as long as you live. You
  are about to start a long training program that will turn you into a sex slave.
  You DON'T have a choice in the matter. You WILL DO WHAT YOU ARE TOLD to do
  and do it WELL. You are now nothing more than a piece of meat and will remain
  that way as long as you live. You will soon find out if you FUCK UP, you will
  be severly punished. Don't even think you can excape from here, as you are
  over two hundred feet below ground and under the watchful eye of all the cameras
  we have here. Now enough small talk, it's time we see what you have to offer
  us." She was really going wild on that comment.  
She stried even harder to get off the cross but her bonds were too strong
  for her. She was about to stripped and fucked.  
I told one of the men to get the birth control pill and the shot to stop
  her periods. As he returned, I told her she will take the pill or she will
  be real sorry. I took the gag out of her mouth and the first thing she did
  was scream bloody murder. I had my chance to shove the pill in her mouth and
  replace the gag before she had time to know what was happening to her. I love
  it when they scream like that. It gives us the perfect time to give them the
  pill. All pills after that will be put in their Ensure. I said, "Well men,
  get her stripped." She was watching real close as two of them brought a razor
  knife to her clothes. They started with her blouse. Next were her slacks, and
  then her bra and g-string she was wearing followed. As soon as she was totally
  naked, we checked for tattoos. She had one small butterfly on her left upper
  hip. With the money we got from them, I really didn't give a shit about it.
  Next was her shot. They plunged the neddle in her hip and stopped her periods
  for good. She looked down at her naked body and tears were streaming down her
  face. She knew what was coming next. Six horney men to rape her.  
I decided that since I was the first one to rape the first slave, I would
  let the men have first shot at her. She had a small patch of hair around her
  pussy that really looked pretty good but I knew it had to go soon. The first
  man dropped his pants and stood in front of her. She knew the time had come
  for her first rape. She watched as he was lining his cock up with her pussy.
  As soon as he plunged balls deep into her, she closed her eyes and again the
  tears were flowing freely. He fucked her for about three minutes until we heard
  he let out a loud moan. He was now filling her pussy with his hot cum. One
  other man followed him and I went last. The other three men wanted to try the
  other two women first. I could tell this bitch has had a lot of cock in her
  life. Her pussy was tight but not THAT tight. I was thinking that I was glad
  she was a little loose because she will be easier to open wide. I wanted to
  fuck her this time because I have this "Thing" for redheads.  
I told the men we need to put her in a cage before the other two women wake
  up. She still had her ball gag in so I know she wouldn't try and talk to the
  first slave. We would have to shave her a little later. We still had a lot
  of work ahead of us. We unlocked her hands first before taking her off the
  cross. They were soon locked behind her back. We then unlocked her legs and
  led her to the sleeping cages. When she was forced into the room, she saw our
  now awake slave in her cage. The first thing I said to the first slave was, "Don't
  say a word whore. You now have some company. I'm going to gag you now that
  the other slaves are here. You know what I said about being gagged now open
  your mouth." One of the men quickly had her ball
  gag locked into place. We took the red head slave to a cage on the bottom of
  the stack and shoved her in it. She also had her legs spread wide and locked
  to the bars. Our first slave was still hanging from the cable in the ceiling.
  I said, "I think we need to move your cage now slut. We are going to put it
  over the top of this bitch." We took the forklift and removed the cages on
  top of the red head and replaced it with the cage with our first slave. Now
  the red head can look straight up and see the pussy right above her head. We
  could see her looking up and her eyes got real big when she saw the wide-open
  pussy and ass right over her. I said, "Now you have a good view of what you
  will soon look like. See her clean shaven pussy? Yours will soon be the same
  way. When we are finished with you, you will never be able to grow hair on
  it again. Enjoy the view SLUT."  
We still had two more slaves to go. We went into the room with the twenty
  one year old slave with the brown hair. She was also still out. We did her
  the very same way as the other two sluts. We woke her up so she could see her
  clothes cut off her worthless body. She had the same reaction as the others
  when she knew she was going to be raped. I wanted to go first with this one.
  We never said anything to her until after she had been raped twice. She didn't
  try and resist like the first two did. I think she knew she was in trouble
  and she didn't want to get us mad at her. All women are different in that respect.
  Some will go screaming and some will go quietly. We told her the same thing
  we told the other two that she is now "Property" and will remain this way for
  the rest of her life. Her pussy was even tighter than our first slave. We had
  our work cut out for us on this one. I said, "Now we are going to move you
  to your cage. Your "Friend" is
  waiting for you." We all laughed at her as we took her off the cross. When
  we led her to the sleeping room, she could see her friend locked in the bottom
  cage with the other slave right above her. As with the other slaves, her hands
  were also locked behind her with the gag still firmly in place. We locked her
  in a cage on the floor and spread her legs wide just like the other two whores.
  She was now ready to be stacked above the other two sluts. We took the forklift
  and placed her on top of the stack. Now our first slave has the same "View" as
  the one below her. Before we left for the last bitch I said, "Now I don't want
  to hear ANY of you whores trying to moan behind your gag or I'll make you wish
  you were DEAD. I want to see all of you shake your heads YES WHORES."  
All three shook their heads for me. It was really a site to see. I really
  LOVED this.  
We locked the door and returned to the last slave in her training room. When
  we walked in, she was wide-awake. She was almost tearing her arms off trying
  to get loose. Of course there was NO chance in that. I said, "You had BETTER
  calm down slut of I'll give you something to REALLY make you suffer. Your friends
  are here with you so you will not have to go through this alone. They are in
  another room waiting for you." This calmed
  her down quite a bit. She knew she was not alone in this hellhole. I said, "We
  are now going to cut your clothes off your worthless body. You will NEVER be
  able to wear ANYTHING from now on. You will be trained as your friends will
  be trained to be a SEX SLAVE WHORE. If you want to continue to resist, you
  will find out the punishment will be worse than you could EVER imagine. If
  you hear me, shake your head BITCH." She shook her head yes so I knew she hear
  what I had said to her. The men came forward to start removing her clothes.
  She started all over again with trying to get loose. I slapped her real hard
  on her face and said, "That is just a SMALL punishment. If you want to keep
  it up, I'll show you some REAL HURT next SLUT." At this point, I think she
  knew the more she resisted, the worse it will be.  
She stopped moving as her clothes were cut off. She, as the second one kidnapped
  today, didn't have any tattoos on her body. I was pleased about that. We would
  only have to lose on the first one. After she was naked, I said, "You will
  now be fucked in your pussy. I REALLY hope you try and stop us so I can BEAT
  the LIVING SHIT out of you SLUT.  
Now get ready for some HOT COCK Bitch." She went numb at this point. She
  didn't try to move as three of us raped her. Her pussy was also REAL tight.
  I said, "Now that is one TIGHT pussy you have there slut.  
To bad that we are going to be able to stick a baseball bat in your pussy
  and ass when we are finished with you." The men were ready to take her off
  the cross when I said, "Leave her there. The others are safe now so we might
  as well get this one ready. Let get her shaved and all hair permantly removed
  while she is still on the cross. It's a shame we have to shave this one. Look
  at her big full bush. You can tell this one is a TRUE blonde."  
We soon had her completely shaved and all hair removed for good. She never
  tried to move as she was being shaved. After we finished with her, she looked
  down at her now bare body and started up again. I was really hoping she would.
  I wanted to whip this one BAD. I went to the supply room and got a flogger
  and some nipple clamps. I got the kind that could be tightned real tight. I
  can back in the room and when she saw the flogger, she went wild again. I took
  the nipple clamps and put them on her cute little nipples. I made sure to tighten
  the screw REAL tight. Her tits were really nice looking too. I would say about
  a thirty-six. She tried screaming behind the gag as I installed the clamps
  on her. I said, "What you are feeling on your worthless tits is NOTHING as
  to what you will be feeling in a second from now WHORE. I'm going to beat you
  so BAD you will wish you were DEAD. If you EVER try what do did a few minutes
  ago, this will pale in camparision to you next beating." I took the flogger
  and I was hitting her as hard as I could. This bitch really PISSED me off and
  now she is paying for it. I hit her everywhere I could reach. She was getting
  real red all over. I stopped after ten minutes of the flogging and took the
  handle of the flogger and shoved it up her pussy as far as it would go. I think
  she was trying to scream to hard behind her gag to even know she was now impaled
  with the flogger handle. I kept shoving in and out as hard as I could just
  to prove to her that we are in charge of her life from now on.  
After more than thirty minutes, she calmed down to almost still. I said, "Now
  this is what you will get every time you FUCK UP slut. If you are ready to
  cooperate, shake your head yes." She shook her head yes as hard as she could.
  Her entire body was red with welps where I had flogger her. She was about ready
  to be taken to her cage when one of my men said, "Why don't we give her a BIG
  drink before we put her in her cage?" I said, "That
  sound good to me. Bring me three cans of Ensure. I want to make sure she has
  had PLENTY to drink." We knew she was going t piss all over the other slaves
  below her once she was on top. We all laughed hard. I said. "I'm going to take
  your gag out now and if you even try to talk or scream, you will get the beating
  I promised you." I took the gag out
  of her mouth and she never tried to say anything. We made her drink all three
  cans of Ensure PLUS three glasses of water. She would be FULL of piss now.
  I said, "Now we are going to put you in a cage next to your friends. You will
  stay there until you have pissed ALL of your fluids out. If you don't try to
  piss, you will have a powerful shock that will FORCE you to piss."  
I know she had no idea what was coming next. We took her to the sleeping
  room and locked her in a cage with her legs spread wide like all the others.
  It wasn't until she saw the forklift raising her up over her friends that she
  knew what we were up to. She was put on the very top and tried looking down
  at the slaves below her. She then KNEW what she was going to have to do. She
  was going to have to PISS all over her friends. I hooked the wire on her cage
  so if she tried to hold back, we could shock her and her friends at the same
  time. We took all the gags out of their mouths and said "None of you will say
  one FUCKING WORD or you will get what the whore on top just received." They
  could see that she had been beaten. We all went out to get some chairs to watch
  the show. She had been up there for over an hour when I said, "I'll give you
  to the count of three and you had BETTER start pissing." All the slaves below
  her also knew then what we were up to. I said, "When she starts pissing, I
  want ALL of you to LOOK straight up at her pussy with your mouths OPEN. If
  you close your mouths, I will shock all of you. She fucked up so I'm going
  to punish all of you for her fuck ups. Everytime any of you don't do as your
  demanded, the one that disobeys, the others will be punished for her. Now START
  PISSING WHORE. One, Two, THREE." She didn't start so I picked up the cord and
  gave them all a big shock. She still didn't start so this time I gave them
  a LONG shock. I said, "It's because of this whore on top that you are getting
  punished. If she don't start pissing NOW, YOU WILL ALL BE BEAT." We looked
  up and she was starting to piss. Once she started, it seemed she couldn't stop.
  The slaves below her tried to close their mouths. I screamed, "OPEN YOUR MOUTHS
  NOWAND DRINK WHAT LANDS IN THERE." They all looked up with their mouths open
  and were being drowned in her piss. Each one drank what landed in their mouths
  with a lot of trouble. I though they were going to throw up but none of them
  did. After she stopped pissing, we replaced their gags and left them to think
  what just happened to them.  
We let them sit there for over an hour as they were covered in piss from
  the slave on top. The three slaves in the bottom cages looked like they could
  kill the one on the top. We were very pleased with this, as we want them all
  to not care what happens to the others. If they all hated the others, they
  would not try and form a plan to get free. I said, "Well it's about time we
  cleaned you three up from all the piss the SLUT on top pissed on you. Just
  sit there and enjoy your bath." I picked up a hose and started spraying them
  with cold water. They tried to get away from it but the way they were locked
  down, about all they could do it take what I was giving them. After they were
  washed from all the piss, I said, "Now it's
  about time we started your training again. We need to give you all a name so
  you will know whom we are talking to. So from NOW ON, the slut on the bottom
  will be named SLUT 1, the second one from the bottom will be SLUT 2, the third
  one from the bottom will be SLUT 3 and the one on top will be SLUT 4. Your
  old names will NEVER be used again. The women you used to be are DEAD. You
  are nothing more now than a piece of meat to do as we please with you."  
I told the men to get Slut 1 out and get her shaved. They took her to a training
  room and locked her on the cross. She didn't try to stop them by putting up
  a fight. I guess she knew she was out numbered and she had better do as she
  was told after seeing Slut 4 had been beaten. They soon had her shaved clean
  from the neck down. Her hair was permantly removed also. I said, "Look down
  at your pussy whore. You will NEVER have hair to grow there again. You are
  now ready to be fucked by whoever wants to fuck you without getting cum on
  your former bush. I think I will give it a try. If you are ready for me to
  fuck you Whore, you BETTER shake your head yes." To my surprise, she shook
  her head yes with tears rolling down her cheeks. I said. "You can cry all you
  want to slut but it will NOT stop you from getting fucked. It will only add
  to the time you are being fucked." I dropped my pants and quickly had her pussy
  filled with my hard cock. She didn't stop the tears the whole time I fucked
  her so when I was finished, I said, "So you still want more cock WHORE? Well
  I just bet all my men are willing to fuck you too." She stopped her tears and
  shook her head no real fast. I said, "Too late SLUT.  
You have now earned five more cocks for your tears. Get ready my little Cock
  Sucker." All five men fucked her again.  
I told the men to put her in the "Chair" for a little more warm up. They
  took her off the cross and strapped her on the chair. I put a seven-inch long
  and two inch wide dildo on the piston below her ass and coated it with KY jelly.
  I raised it to her ass hole and took my fingers and put more KY on her little
  brown hole. I said, "I'm getting ready to shove this dildo into your ass. I
  need to know if you have ever been ass fucked before.  
Answer me by shaking your head Bitch." She shook her head no. I said, "Well
  you are about to start. You will have this dildo in your ass for thirty minutes
  and it WILL be fucking it. If you resist it, the chair can also have a charge
  run in it just like your cage. I'll start it off slow until it's buried deep
  in your ass and I'll give you a few minutes to get used to it. After that,
  it will fuck you at a fast rate for the full thirty minutes. If you are ready,
  shake your head yes." Her eyes glazed over as if she was going
  to pass out. She never shook her head. I said, "If that's the way you want
  it, that's the way it will be. Now you will get it all at one time BITCH." I
  hit the button and it was now buried deep in her tight ass. She tried getting
  away from it but the way she was strapped, she didn't stand a chance. I shocked
  her with a powerful wave and hit the buttom to make the piston fuck her ass
  hard and fast. I didn't give her the chance to get used to it. If these bitches
  wanted it rough, they will get it rough. As soon as the dildo was rammng her
  ass, she pasted out cold. I took smelling salt to wake her up. I didn't want
  her first ass fucking to be given while she was out. She opened her eyes wide
  and tried screaming past the gag in her mouth. She was now doomed to the dildo
  she was now being fucked by for the full thirty minutes.  
While slut 1 was busy with her first ass fucking, I told the men to get slut
  3 out and get started with her. They took her to another training room and
  soon had her strapped to the cross for her shaving. As I was walking in the
  room, they already had her shaved and had used the lectrolisis machine on her
  body. I walked up to her and said, "Now you are like your whore friends, SHAVED
  and READY to FUCK. You are going to have your pussy, ass, and mouth fucked
  until you can take the largest of cocks in all three of your openings. You
  will be required to take what is shoved in any or all of your opening, either
  one at a time or all at the same time. Now we are going to start with your
  ass. Get ready for a ten inch long dildo whore." Since we
  all just finished fucking Slut 1, we were not ready to preform again so soon.
  We talked about all the fucking we would be doing all the time and we are going
  to all start taking large doses of Viagra.  
We moved slut 3 to the chair in the training room and strapped her down and
  placed the ten-inch dildo under her. Once she was ready I said, "Now I need
  to know if you have ever been ass fucked. If you lie to me, it will be worse
  on you. Now shake your head with your answer SLUT." She shook her head yes.
  I said, "Since you answered me truthfully, you will only have to take the dildo
  for fifteen minutes. Slut 1 is now being ass fucked for thirty minutes. See
  how the truth will help you?" She shook her head yes again. She knew her ass
  was going to be filled anyway but knowing the truth meant only having to take
  it for half the time of the other whore. I turned the machine on and she was
  getting her promised ass fuck. We could tell she told the truth, as she didn't
  move as the dildo was shoving in and out of her ass. She sits there and took
  it without complaint.  
I went back to check on slut 1 and she was still rolling her eyes like she
  was being killed. I told one of the men to bring me a seven-inch dildo gag.
  When he came back in the room, I told him to take the ball gag out and SHOVE
  the dildo gag in her mouth and strap it tight. As soon as the ball gag was
  out, she started screaming as loud as she could. She never even saw the dildo
  until it was too late. He shoved it in her mouth all the way down her throat
  and had it buckled tight. She was making choking noises as she was forced to
  take it. I said in a very loud voice, "YOU WILL TAKE THE DILDO IN YOUR MOUTH
  WHORE. IF YOU CHOKE TO DEATH, SO BE IT SLUT. NOW BREATH THROUGH YOUR NOSE WHORE." She
  started breathing through her nose when she KNEW the gag was going to stay
  in place. It took her several minutes to get it all under control but with
  the fear of death; a person can do amazing things. She still had her eyes open
  as wide as she could get them though. I went and got a hood and nipple clamps
  and said, "Since you insist on keeping your
  eyes open that wide, I'll give you something to MAKE you close them my little
  cock sucker." I took the hood and placed it over her head.  
It went all the way down to her neck and I strapped it on tight. I also locked
  it in place. Now she will have to take the dildo in her ass and mouth without
  being able to see what we will do to her next. I reset the timer for another
  thirty minutes for her actions. She now had over forty-five minutes to sit
  as she was. I took the nipple clamps and placed them on both her nipples and
  closed them tight. I really don't know if she could even feel them with the
  pain in her ass and mouth but I wanted them on her anyway. She will have to
  wear the clamps until tomorrow morning.  
We went back to check on slut 3 and she was doing fairly well. It even looked
  like she getting ready to cum. I took my finger and started rubbing her clit
  and she went over the edge. She WAS cumming and cumming a LOT. We could tell
  she was REALLY enjoying the ass fucking she was getting. This was really surprising
  all of us. Just as she had her climax, the machine went off. The timing was
  perfect for us. I wanted to see if she would give a blowjob without protesting
  it. I said, "I'm going to take your gag out and I DEMAND you give me a blow
  job. You will take it all the way down your throat and suck the cum out of
  my hard cock. You will NOT speak or you will be punished. Do you understand
  me you fucking cock sucker?" She shook her head yes again.  
I took the gag out and she never said a word even as I was taking my pants
  off again. I put my now HARD cock in her mouth and she started licking the
  under side of it. I knew she had a LOT of experience doing this. As I was pushing
  it in her mouth farther, she was still sucking it with all she had. She was
  good at giving head and I knew she would be able to take this part of the training
  well. She was using her throat muscles to milk my cock when it was all the
  way down her neck. I never pulled out until after I shot my cum down her throat.
  As I was pulling my cock out, she was licking it clean. I told her, "You did
  a GREAT job on my cock so I'm going to give you a break. You can sit where
  you are and rest without the gag in your mouth. But if you even TRY to speak,
  I'll shove a ten-inch dildo gag in your mouth and LOCK it there. You have a
  full hour of rest coming."  
We still had sluts 2 &amp; 4 in their cages. We thought we might as well
  have them to join the fun. We left the other two in the training rooms. We
  brought the last two out in the main room. Slut 4 was still wearing her nipple
  clamps and she will wear them until late tomorrow night. We knew we had to
  cross train these whores to the Bi-Sexual so why wait until later since all
  of the men were trying to recover from all the pussy thay have had lately.
  We strapped slut 2 on a table in the main room with the table in a flat position.
  She had her hands and feet locked spread eagled to the edges of the table.
  We then took slut 4 and picked her up and laid her on top of the other slut
  with her head at the pussy of the slut on bottom and also spread-eagled the
  same way. They were now looking straight at each other's shaved pussies. I
  said. "Now we are going to take your gags out and
  you will both eat each others pussies or you will be VERY SORRY SLUTS. If you
  even try and speak to either us or the other whore, we will WHIP the LIVING
  SHIT out of BOTH of you. If you understand, shake your heads." Both shook their
  heads yes.  
Both now had their gags removed and were looking at what they had to do.
  Neither of the whores started eating when I picked up the button and gave them
  a long and hard shock. After recovering from being shocked I said, "Now you
  will either start eating each other or the whip will be next.  
I want to see you BOTH with your mouths FULL of PUSSY. NOW START SLUTS." Both
  opened their mouths and started licking the other. We could tell they didn't
  want to have to eat a pussy but they also knew what would happen if they didn't.
  Each was trying to lick as gently as they could at the others clits. We watched
  for a few minutes when I said, " Now that you know what it tastes like, you
  had better stick your tongues in each other and REALLY GET GOING and I mean
  NOW." Both at the same time started tongue fucking the other with all they
  had. We could tell after a short time they were getting some pleasure out of
  it. We let this go on for about five minutes when I said, "Now you will BOTH
  get each other to cum and then lick it clean after you are finished." Now they
  were both really getting to their jobs. A few minutes into the pussy eating,
  both sluts had a WILD orgasm that lasted a long time. They licked each other
  clean and stopped. I said, "Just because you both have cum don't mean that
  you are to stop. You WILL keep eating until I tell you to stop. Now get back
  to it my little cunt eaters." We were going to make them keep eating
  until they were COMPLETELY exhausted and ready to pass out from all the orgasms
  thay have had.  
-  
We checked in on sluts 1 &amp; 3 and both were still doing fine. Slut 1 still
  had about 5 minutes to go on her "Ride" and looked pretty tired. I reset the
  timer for another thirty minutes just to show her we mean business and she
  will NOT disobey us again. I went back to slut 3 and she looked me right in
  the eyes and said, "Master, Thank you for letting me rest. I am willing
  to do ANYTHING you want me to do Master." I said, "Who told you to open your
  mouth BITCH. There will be punishment for talking without permission. You will
  have to do the punishment though. Well let's just see if what you just said
  is true though." I told the men to take her out of her chair and bring her
  into the main room where slut 2 &amp; 4
  are eating each other. She was soon looking at the two other sluts going wild
  with desire trying to please each other. I brought from the supply room a dildo
  gag where one goes in the slave's mouth eight inches and there is another sticking
  out ten inches past the gag. I said, "You will open your mouth and take the
  dildo in all the way down your throat. After it is locked in place, you will
  fuck the slut on top in her ass as hard as you can. You will have a GREAT view
  of her ass while you are fucking it. Now OPEN your mouth WHORE." She opened
  her mouth and took the dildo all the way down. I locked it with a lock and
  took her to the ass of the slut that was on top. I said, "Line that dildo up
  with her ass and PLUNGE IT IN ALL THE WAY."  
With her hands locked behind her, she was having a little trouble keeping
  her balance as she was leaning over the table. I held on to her hips to give
  her the balance she needed to get started. With one fast plunge, the dildo
  was now deep in the whore's ass. The slut getting the ass fuck tried to raise
  her head up to see what was being done to her when I said, "You are being ass
  fucked by slut number 3 because she talked without permission. Like I said
  before, the whore that fucks up will NOT get the punishment. All the other
  whore will be punished for her FUCK UPS. Now enjoy the ass fucking you are
  getting and get your pussy eating mouth back on that pussy and start again." Slut
  3 was now really giving her a good fucking by this time. Every time she would
  push the dildo in her ass, the one in her mouth would go in even deeper. I
  picked up a flooger and start flogging both whore on the table. They both stopped
  eating as the first blow hit them. I said, "You will KEEP EATING the WHOLE
  time you are being whipped. Now GET BACK TO YOUR JOBS SLUTS." Again they resumed
  their tasks of their Pussy eating training. It was really a site to behold.
  All three of them were working each other over as the flogging contuined.  
I went back in the check on slut 1 and the timer went off. Her time was finished
  and time for her to start another job. We took her off her chair and brought
  her to the main room also. The look on her face was priceless when she saw
  the other three sluts doing what they were doing. We thought we might as well
  get her into the "Action" also. She was fitted with the same kind of dildo
  gag slut 3 was wearing. Her arms were again locked behind her and she was told
  to get on her knees behind slut 3. She knew what was coming next. I said, "Now
  you will use that dildo on her pussy now. I have a little added surprise for
  you first." I unlocked her arms and
  placed them around the slut's upper legs she was about to dildo fuck and locked
  them in place. She now was forced to hold on to the one she was going to fuck.
  Next we spread the legs of both sluts and locked them spread wide apart. I
  said, "Now you will fuck her pussy and you will get a GREAT look at her wide
  open ass. You will ALWAYS keep your eyes open and NEVER look away from her
  ass hole. Now GET STARTED you FUCKING WHORE." She lined the dildo in the correct
  position and plunged it into the waiting pussy.  
All four of the whores were now in the action. With slut 1 not having any
  of her openings other than her mouth being used, I thought it would be a great
  idea to have her fucked by one of the men since she was so "Open" and READY.
  One of the men dropped his pants and was ready to start. He asked which of
  the openings I wanted fucked and I said, "Start with her ass and someone
  else will finish with her pussy. There are six of us so I'm sure she will have
  the pleasure of all of our hard cocks in both of her openings." We all laughed
  hard as he plunged into her very open ass hole.  
I though she was going to go wild when she felt the cock enter her ass. She
  didn't stop with the dildo she was using on the other slut but to the contrare,
  she started plunging it in even harder than she was before her own ass was
  filled. All six of us fucked her in both her ass and pussy for the next hour.
  She had cum streaming down her legs and puddling around her feet when we finished
  with her. All four whores were still doing what they were told to do even as
  we were all worn out. I told the men to leave them as they were for the next
  hour and then we will get them cleaned and put in their cages for the night.  
At the end of the hour, we unlocked each slut and took her to the shower
  in the sleeping room. We almost had to carry them as they could hardly stand
  on their own two feet. We locked their hands to the chain from the ceiling
  and spread their feet wide and locked to the rings in the shower floor. All
  four of the sluts were lined up in a row waiting for their baths. Re replaced
  the gags the two whores were wearing with ring gags and the other two had the
  same ring gags placed in their open mouths. One of the men turned on the water
  hose and was trying to get the right tempture for the shower. I said, "It looks
  like they are all pretty hot so lets cool them down a little. Use ONLY cold
  water this time. Be sure to spray their holes REAL good and clean them up for
  the night." He turned the water on cold
  only and started spraying they all at the same time. All of the sluts were
  trying to scream through the ring gags but not much was coming out. I had them
  replace the spray nozzle on the hose with a straight pipe that looked like
  a dildo. Each one had both their pussies and asses filled with the cold water
  until nothing but clean water was draining out of them. All of them were about
  to pass out with the cold water they were forced to endure.  
One by one they were taken to the cages and locked back the way they were
  before. Legs spread wide and locked. After each one was secured to her cace,
  the ring gag was removed and they were given a can of ensure to drink and regaged
  with a big ball gag aand the doors were locked. I wanted them to be able to
  look at each other all night so I had the cages placed on the floor in a circle
  facing each other. I said, "You can now watch each other all night long. Each
  one of you will have to look at the ones that put you through the punishment
  you all just received. Tomorrow each one of you will start the next part of
  your training so I would suggest you get a good night sleep. The "Fun" has
  JUST BEGUN for all of you FUCKING cock suckers." As we were leaving, one of
  the men was going to turn off the light and I said loud enough for all the
  slut to hear me, "I want the light left on all night. I want them to be able
  to see the ones that made them be punished like they were. Also I want the
  temperature in this room turned down to fifty degrees for the night. That should
  cool them off and make them ready for what they will be doing tomorrow." As
  I turned to leave the room, I said, "Sweet dreams my little cock sucking, pussy
  eating, slut whores." We left the room and locked the door. They were doomed
  to sit and look at each other and remember what each one did to each other
  and WHY. This should make them HATE each other. This is what we wanted to happen.  
We turned in for the night ourselves after we had a good meal and some fine
  wine. Tomorrow was going to be another long day for all of us. The next seven
  hours we all slept quite well. We all woke up rested and ready for another
  day of training. As we were having our breakfast, we talked about all the events
  that have transpired the last two days and we were happy with the results so
  far. We still needed at LEAST one more slave to make the first delivery though.
  We had to deliver at least five at a time so we had some planning to do. The
  men that stayed with me while the others picked up the last three sluts said
  they would leave this morning to try and get a few more sluts to train. We
  have twelve cages and four sluts so we could get another eight before we were
  full.  
I checked the computer for on line news from the city the last three sluts
  were taken from. There was an article about the three missing. It read that
  the three women were missing and were being sought for Federal charges of evading
  and racketeering. The local police made a statement that the three women have
  warrents for their arrest and there will be no bond set upon their arrest.
  The article went on to say it looked like the three women left in a big hurry
  to avoid the charges. Police have seized the bookstore as well as the home
  they all lived in. This was Great news for us. We knew the police would not
  find them here and we were in the clear. Just another case of criminals on
  the run.  
After reading the news about the last three missing women, we decided to
  check public records for other known women that might be in the same kind of
  trouble. We found an article about a nursing home investigation where four
  nurses were being charged with neglect of the elderly. They were free on bond
  at this time after posting large bonds. The news said two of the women were
  twenty-seven years old and the other two were twenty-nine. It didn't say what
  they looked like or where they lived but it was a start for us. If they disappeared,
  it would look as if they were running from the law and that was good for us.
  Two of my men said they would leave for the city where they were and check
  it out. I told them to be sure that the women would meet the requirements that
  were given to us by our customers. It was looking very promising for us. I
  took the men topside and they loaded the van with the equipment they would
  need to abduct the sluts. As they were leaving, I went back down to the main
  room to start the day.  
Upon returning, I noticed the three men talking about what we need to do
  today to resume the training. I said, "One thing needed is to get all four
  of the sluts to the main room for a little talk. We need to see how they now
  feel about each other. Also, we need them pierced in their nipples and clits
  as is required by our customers. Take one out at a time and make them sit on
  the commode and relieve themselves. Lets make sure their legs are spread wide
  at all times including on the commode. If an enima is required, do it. They
  should be almost clear in their bowels by now but lets make sure. Also feed
  them while they are on the pot. Put the birth control pills in the Ensure."  
Each slut was removed one at a time and taken to the commode where they were
  strapped with their legs spread wide. Three of the sluts had a very small bowel
  movement. It appeared that would be their very last one for a very long time.
  All four were given their Ensure and were ready for the day to start. Each
  one had a ring gag installed instead of a ball gag. I wanted their mouths wide
  open for our little talk. Since we only had five chairs and three tables to
  strap the sluts on, we took them to the wall at the far end of the room where
  hooks were placed all along the walls and the floor. We sat each one down on
  the floor and locked their hands to the rings in the wall. Their legs were
  spread wide and also locked to the rings in the floor. All four of the sluts
  were looking to their right and left to see each other. I walked up to them
  and said, "None of you will look at each other unless I tell you too. You will
  keep your heads pointed forward and to the floor. You can look at your pussies
  if you want, as they will be real busy in just a little bit. The tight little
  holes you used to have are starting to get bigger and bigger. Soon they will
  be big enough to have my arm shoved up them and I WILL be doing just that.
  As you saw what happened to all of you last night because of the fuck ups of
  your fellow whores, the same will happen today when one of you fuck up again.
  We need to install some rings in your nipples and your clits today. You have
  NO CHOICE in the matter so get ready to have them pierced and the rings installed.
  You will NEVER be able to have them removed as long as you live so wear them
  proudly. You can have them installed the easy way or the hard way. I really
  don't give a fuck one way or the other. Only you will be able to make that
  choice of easy or hard. A few more whores to play with will soon join you.
  Now I'm going to let you pick who gets the rings first."  
We brought in twelve rings all of the same size. Three were laid between
  the wide spread legs of each slut. They were looking at them in disbelief that
  soon they would be wearing them. I large needle was also placed next to the
  rings. That brought more reaction than the rings. I said, "Now for the first
  one to get her rings. I want the one who wants to go first to shake her head
  yes. The last one to shake her head will be the one responsible for the other
  three to get punishment. Now make your choice who wants their rings first." No
  one moved their heads. All four of us picked up a riding crop and and started
  beating them at the same time. We were hitting their tits and pussies as hard
  as we could. All four were trying to scream through the ring gags. Finally
  slut two started shaking her head yes. Slut four soon followed her. Slut three
  was now shaking her head yes. That left slut one still not moving. I said, "We
  will start with slut two, then slut four, after that, slut three and last but
  not least, slut one will go last. Three of you can now thank slut one for what
  you will get after you are pierced.  
I told the men to take the first one to a table and get her ready. She was
  taken to the table and strapped down with her feet in the stirrups with her
  legs spread wide. Her hands were locked over her head to the top of the table.
  We placed a large strap just under her tits and pulled it tight. Her head was
  placed on the extention at the top of the table and also firmly strapped tight.
  We lowered her head below the end of the table.  
She was now ready to have her rings installed. We didn't take our time with
  her peircings. Soon both her nipples and clit had the rings installed and closed
  tight. She was screaming as hard as she could doing the process. After the
  rings were installed, we took the leather spraps with the aligator clips and
  placed them on her upper legs and put the clips on her nether lips. She now
  had her pussy lips spread as wide as her legs with now way of closing them.
  A ten-inch long and four inch wide dildo was placed in her pussy as far as
  it would go. Another dildo of the same size was rammed in her open ass hole.
  Duct tape was placed over both to ensure they would stay in place. We made
  sure not to damage the new ring in her clit as the tape was put on her. Her
  ring-gagged mouth was last. We had a seven-inch by three-inch dildo rammed
  in her mouth and also taped in place. All of her holes were now plugged.  
The two other sluts received the very same treatment as the first one. We
  only had one more to ring now. We brought a chair from a training room into
  the main room next to the three tables. Slut one was strapped to it and ready
  for her rings. Soon she was wearing her rings as the first three. I said, "This
  slut will NOT be plugged the way the three of you are now. You are taking her
  punishment for her. She will have the pleasure of just sitting there watching
  all of you as you squirm around with the three dildos in your holes." All three
  of you will also be BEATEN HARD because of her." We picked up our riding crops
  and started really giving them a HARD beating. We hit them over every inch
  on their bodies we could reach. All three were going wide as we were beating
  them. Tears were streaming down their cheeks as they were still trying to scream
  but with their mouths full of a large dildo, not much were coming out.  
We let the four sluts rest after the beating the three received. About an
  hour later and all sluts now calmed down, it was time to try something new.
  We took all the dildos out of the three on the tables and the ring gags and
  told them not to say a word. All three lie there very quietly. We removed the
  slut in the chair and locked her hands behind her back. She still was wearing
  her ring gag for the time being. We led her to the closest slut on a table.
  I said to the slut still strapped to the table, "Here is
  the whore that made you to wear your plugs and caused you three to be beaten
  so bad. I'm allowing you to tell her what you think of her and what you would
  like us to do to her. When you speak, you will ONLY address yourself and the
  other slut as "This Whore" and "That Whore"  
ONLY. Never speak about anyone including yourself, as anything but a WHORE
  of you will be punished again. Also remember to say Master before and after
  each sentence. Now say what you want to her Bitch." We made sure the slut standing
  was facing her and looking her right in the eyes. She said, "Master, This whore
  thinks that whore is nothing more than a cock sucking bitch that needs to be
  tied and BEATEN for getting this whore in trouble Master. Master, This whore
  thinks the WHORE should have to be fucked until the whore passes out and then
  start again. Master"  
We were really pleased she said what she did. It was showing they were NOT
  in unity with each other anymore. It was every slut for herself. I said, "I
  think the whore is right. I want her tied to spreader bars both hands and feet
  in the center of this room. Raise her feet off the ground where she has to
  hang by her arms only. Gag the slut with a LARGE dildo gag. I want the largest
  one we have all the way down her throat." Soon she was hanging the way I wanted
  her to hang. All three sluts never said a word as they watched her hang in
  dispair. I said, "Now you will get your wish for this slut. We are going to
  fuck her and then have her BEATEN. I want all three of you whores to watch
  her being fucked and not a WORD said by ANY of you or you will be NEXT." All
  four of us stripped off our pants and were ready to fuck this whore. I said, "I
  want two at a time to fuck her. One in her ass and one in her pussy at the
  same time. The two men soon had her full of cock as the other sluts watched.
  They fucked her for over ten minutes and both came at the same time. It was
  now mine and the other mans time to have our fun. We both took her ass and
  pussy as the first two did and also filled her full of our cum. All three sluts
  were grinning as she was being fucked and none said a word. After I had my
  pants back on, I said to the slut who asked this to be done to her "Now it
  that what you wanted for this Whore?" She
  said, "Master, This whore is happy to see that whore fucked like that Master.
  Master, But this whore also wants to see that whore BEATEN as we were Master."  
After hearing the slut speak, I thought I would see if the others likes what
  they saw also. I said, "Well one of my whores liked what happened, I would
  like to find out if the other two whores liked it too. You may both answer
  but remember, use Master before and after your answer." Both the sluts
  said at the same time, "Master, YES Master" We were also pleased at their response
  to the question. I said, "Well the beating is still to come BUT I am going
  to have to see if you three REALLY meant what you said. Now it the time to
  prove it. I'm going to let each of you PROVE to your Master you are telling
  the truth. I'm going to let one up at a time and you will show me." The men
  removed the first slut from the table and brought her to the hanging whore.
  I had the men to put wires on the slut's nipple rings and clit ring and connected
  to a box where she could be shocked by the push of a button. The first slut,
  still with her hands locked behind her back, was given the button to hold in
  her right hand. I said, "Now you can prove to your Master you were telling
  the truth. If you were, I want you to push the button and light her tits and
  pussy up with a BIG shock. Hold it down for five counts. You can count them
  out if you want. Say Master one, Master two and so on until you have finished.
  Now START Whore." She was looking the hanging slut straight
  in the eyes as she pushed the button. She yelled, "MASTER ONE, MASTER TWO,
  MASTER THREE, MASTER FOUR, MASTER FIVE." The hanging slut was trying to scream
  again but all that came out was a mumble. Her eyes were now closed and tears
  were flowing freely. We gave the other two sluts the same opportunity to shock
  her and they all did the same thing. We were really glad to see them turn on
  each other like this.  
We removed the wires and I said, "Now before you are again strapped to the
  chairs in the training rooms, I want you all to lick her tits and pussy. Eack
  one took her turn at their jobs. Each one was required to lick both tits and
  suck her clit. It was the first time they were able to freely walk on their
  own and they loved it even though their hands were still locked behind their
  backs. After the last one finished, I said, "Now that was GREAT. You are willing
  to suck pussy without being forced too. Lets see if you are willing to suck
  cock the same way. I want each of you three to get on your knees before a Master
  and suck our cocks and swollow our cum. Deep throat the cocks as you are giving
  us head. After you are finished with this, we will allow each of you some pleasure
  time with each other before you are to go to your chairs." All three sluts
  got on their knees and were ready to suck our cocks. We dropped our pants and
  they started without any more demands from us. It was good to see them sucking
  our cocks like they really wanted to do it. The training was starting to pay
  off BIG TIME. Each slut took our cocks and buried them in their throats until
  we filled them with our hot cum. Each one also licked us clean after they finished.  
I said, "Now that you did this willingly, we are going to let you "Get" each
  other off before you go to the chairs. All three of you lie on the floor and
  start eating each other out. Lie in a circle so all of you can eat while you
  are being ate. You may take your time until all of you have had at least one
  orgasm. Now get started." They laid on the floor and adjusted themselves until
  each could have a pussy at their mouths. As soon as they were in position,
  all three started on each other. It was a site to behold. They were taking
  to their BI side as if they were made for it. We could hear them slurping at
  each other and moans were getting pretty loud as time went on. I know they
  all had at least three to four orgasms before they stopped. The slut still
  hanging from her arms was watching the other whores having all the fun and
  she couldn't be in it. Her time was soon to come for a little "Pleasure"  
-  
We took each of the three sluts to separate training rooms and strapped them
  to a chair. Large dildo gags were placed in their mouths and locked behind
  their heads. Each one had the largest dildo yet placed in the piston. The dildos
  were twelve inches long and four inches wide. They didn't move at all as they
  were shoved into their pussies. We made sure each one would go the entire depth
  into the pussy it was intended for. We set the timers for one full hour and
  the speed at full speed and left them to their training. After they were finished
  with this hour, the dildos will be rammed into their asses for another hour.
  We locked the doors and came back to take care of the slut still hanging from
  her arms. We took her off the spreader bars and laid her on a table. Her arms
  were locked over her head and her feet in the stirrups with her legs spread
  wide and straps placed on her knees and pulled tight to the edge of the table.
  With her knees in the air as they were and her pussy wide open, she was now
  ready to try and take a fist in her pussy. I wanted to be the first to try
  this one her. I said, "Now my little whore, I'm going to put my entire hand
  in your pussy all the way up to my elbow. After my arm fits in it, your ass
  is next. Now get ready BITCH." I coated my hand in KY jelly and showed it to
  her. Her eyes were bigger this time than they have been since we kidnapped
  her. She knew I was going to try and get my arm into her pussy and she had
  NO WAY to stop me.  
I started with three fingers at once. There was NO problem there. I added
  the forth finger and it was now starting to get tight. I insisted on entry
  and kept working until I had all four fingers in up to the hand. I pumped in
  and out for several minutes as her pussy walls were spreading for the oncoming
  hand. I folded my thumb into my palm and four fingers and started pushing.
  I know it must have felt like she was giving birth to a cow but that didn't
  matter any to me. I worked them for another three to four minutes and I said; "Now
  I'm going to put my hand in all the way to my wrist bitch so get ready because
  here it comes." With one hard push, my hand was in her pussy up to my wrist.
  It was REAL tight and I could feel her trying to push it out but she didn't
  stand a chance. I left in it her for a few minutes to watch her reactions.
  After several minutes, she seemed to calm down quite a bit. I could feel her
  walls relaxing as I started twisting my hand in a simi circle. Now was the
  time to make a fist inside her. As I was closing my hand into a fist, she was
  going wild on the table. She was now impaled with a mans fist in her tight
  pussy without a way to get it out. Again, I stopped for several minutes to
  let her adjust to it. I knew all the whores would have to be able to take a
  fist all the way to the elbow before they could be sold so now was her time
  to get used to it. Again I waited a few more minutes and I started shoving
  more of my arm into her. She was screaming as hard as she could through the
  dildo gag she was wearing. I kept pushing until I had my arm in her half way
  to my elbow. I was reaching places that had never had an object this large
  in it and I could feel it too. I started moving my fist in and out at a little
  faster pace. Each time I would shove it back in, I would go a little farther
  in. After over thirty minutes of this, I now had my fist buried in to my elbow.
  She went into some kind of sub space as I was pounding her pussy with my fist.
  I knew she was going to be able to be trained the way that was required at
  least in her pussy. From my fist to my elbow was a good fifteen inches and
  my arm is at least four to five inches wide. I kept ramming it in and out for
  another ten minutes before I decided she has had enough for this session. I
  opened my fist and pulled my arm all the way out. Her pussy was still WIDE
  open as I removed my hand. I looked inside her and I could see in over eight
  inches before it would start to close.  
I told the men to unlock her from the table and take her to her cage. She
  couldn't walk as they tried to stand her on her feet. I really couldn't blame
  her for that one. After all, she just had her very first fisting. She was taken
  to the cage and again locked spread-eagled in it. We locked her hands to the
  bars over her head so she couldn't even try and reach her sore pussy. We wanted
  her to sit and remember what just happened to her and it will happen a LOT
  more very soon and not only to her pussy but also to her ass.  
We went in the training rooms to check on the other sluts. All the machines
  had stopped in the upward position. This left them sitting with the dildos
  deep within their pussies. We lowered the pistons to the lower position and
  all three sluts pussies were still wide open. We readjusted the pistons to
  where the dildos would enter their asses. This was going to be a good test
  for each one of them, as they have never had one this large in their narrow
  passages before. Each slut started going wild as the large dildos were being
  shoved into them. We didn't want to do any damage as this process was being
  completed so we took extra precautions to ensure they could take them without
  damaging them. Each dildo was moved in as slow as we could get the machine
  to move. KY jelly was also applied to each dildo. Soon each slut had the dildo
  deep within her asses. We left them in for several minutes for them to get
  used to being filled as full as they were. We turned the machines on slow and
  they were again starting to stir quite abit. Another few minutes we turned
  them up to full speed. Each slut was now taking the dildos at full speed and
  all of them were doing as well as could be expected. We set the timers for
  sixty minutes and relocked the doors. They were now going to HAVE to sit still
  while their asses were being pounded by the large dildos.  
We went back to the main room and I told the men I need to get back to my
  office and make sure everything is doing well there. I didn't want people to
  think I just disappeared off the face of the earth even though I was well known
  to travel overseas all the time. I told the remaining men to keep up with the
  sluts training after the machines turned off. They asked me if it would be
  OK to fuck them while I was gone and I said, "You can fuck any and all of them
  as you see fit. Just NEVER let more than two free at once and ALWAYS make sure
  they have their hands locked behind them at ALL times. Things are going to
  well for a fuck up now. I'll be back by this evening. Have fun guys." I went
  topside and drove toward my office.  
It was a two-hour drive back to my office and I was ready to get things set
  up where I could close it down for good. As soon as I opened the door and went
  to my desk, my answering machine as blinking. I replayed the messages and most
  was for orders of the software I had been selling. I called my landlord and
  told him I was moving to the west coast to retire and I would be vacating this
  building by the end of the month. He said he would like to meet with me the
  day I was to vacate to inspect the building for any possible damages. That
  was written in my contract so I had no problems with that. I told him I would
  meet him here on the thirty first of the month. He agreed and our conversation
  ended. I called my "Regular" customers and told them I was going to retire
  and move out west to spend some quality time with myself. I refered them to
  another software retailer they could do business with and assured them they
  would like the new supplier. I then called my warehouse where I got most of
  the software and closed my account. I told them the same thing about me retiring.
  Since I didn't owe them any money, there was no problem with closing the accounts.
  Next I called the utility company and told them I would need the utilities
  turned off at the end of the month also. I would bring a few men in at the
  end of the month to clean out the buiding. I left the office and went to my
  apartment to close it down also. The same calls were made with arraignments
  made to move out at the end of the month. I called my insurance company and
  made arraignments to have all my insurance payments come right out of my savings
  account.  
Everything was set for me to be able to do what I want without any questions
  from anyone. I'm just another retiree wondering the states. I gathered some
  clothes and the rest of what I would need for the next few weeks until I had
  to come back to move out of the office and my apartment. I stopped at nearby
  adult bookstore and supply house to pick up a few more items we might want
  to use of the slaves. I bought a few good items that will work out well for
  what I have in mind for the sluts. Viberating butterflies, creams that heat
  up when applied to the skin, the modern version of the Spanish fly, a large
  assortment of paddles and a Cat-o-Nine tails whip. I loaded my purchase in
  the vehicle and headed back to the silo.  
I thought while I was out that I might do a little "Scouting" for new sluts.  
I drove north instead of going south toward the silo to a city about seventy
  miles for here. It is a fairly good size city with a collage nearby.  
As I got close to the city, I discovered a nightclub for the college kids
  to hang out at. The place was full of all kinds of women who fit the profile
  we have to follow. I took some notes on my laptop about the location and the
  name of the club so we could do some research on it. I was parked across the
  street from the club when a cop pulled in behind my vehicle.  
He got out and walked up to the driver's side window and told me to roll
  it down. I did as I was asked when he said, "What are you doing here?" I told
  him my daughter was thinking about enrolling in this college and I wanted to
  see if there was any place where she might be able to get into trouble. He
  said, "First I want to let you know why I pulled in behind you. This club for
  the students is a hellhole and we watch for drug activites most of the time.
  We have a lot of people who sit out here and sell drugs to them. We are always
  looking for strange cars that bring the drugs here. I have already run your
  plate number and you are not on the list of people we are watching. Most of
  the students that go to this college are from broken homes as the state payes
  for their expences. Most of the kids are good people but they are very prone
  to trouble. It would be my suggestion you might want to look for a college
  that cators to the better class of people. You look like a man that wouldn't
  want to put your child through what these kids have to go through." I said, "Why
  thank you officer for your insight. My daughter told me about this place and
  I told her I would check it out. I agree with you, I think I will look elsewhere
  to send her. I sure don't want her to get involved with people that will lead
  her down the wrong path."  
I rolled my window up and quickly left there. He did give me the information
  I was looling for though. If most of these students were from broken homes,
  there would be a lot of them without any families at all. It was time for me
  to get my ass back to the silo and out of this city. We could do all the research
  we needed from the computer on who we might try and "Recuit." I drove back
  to the silo and went back down the elevator. As I got off, I could see the
  men were back at work. Two of the sluts were laying spread-eagled on tables
  with their feet in the stirrups and their hands locked to the top. The other
  two were locked in the cages. One man was fucking one of them when he saw me
  walk up. He asked if he could finish with this whore before we talked. I told
  him to take his time and have fun. He started banging her again as hard as
  he could. The other men were sitting in chairs like they were worn out. I sat
  down by them and watched the man fucking the slut until he finished with her.
  He came over and took a seat and I told them what I had done and what I found
  out about the city I had visited. We now had a new place where we could look
  for the right kind of whores to train.  
I wanted to try a new type of training on the sluts. I wanted to see how
  many times we could get them to climax before passing out. It would serve two
  purposes, one to let them know we have complete control of their bodies and
  the other to prove we can make them cum even when they really don't want to.
  I brought the new cream to the table where one slut was strapped and placed
  a large amount on her clit and her opening. I took a butterfly viberator and
  and strapped it to her clit where she could not get away from it no matter
  how hard she wanted. I turned the viberator on low and there was a quick response
  from her. The more the viberator worked, the hotter the cream was getting.
  She had her first orgasm in just a few minutes. Wuth her mouth plugged with
  a dildo gag, all she could do was moan a little. Her hips were trying to raise
  to meet the viberator in a fashion of a fucking motion. I didn't turn it off
  after she calmed down some but I turned it on high this time. It didn't take
  long before she was hunching the butterfly again. The cream was getting even
  hotter the longer she rode her viberator. It took another five minutes before
  she came again and this one was ever greater than the first. She was now raising
  her hips at a faster rate than ever. We pulled up a few chairs and watched
  as she was having one orgasm after another that never seemed to quit. After
  about an hour, she was going WILD. She has had more orgasms than she has ever
  had in her life. She was turning her head from side to side and trying to shake
  the feeling between her legs but there was no excape from it. Another thirty
  minutes went by and she was glassy eyed and becoming real still. She was still
  having more and more orgasms but she was too tired to even react to them. Soon
  afterwards, she pasted out cold.  
I took the butterfly off of her clit and washed the cream off to stop the
  burning she was experiencing. I washed her face with a cool rag and soon she
  was starting to come back to life. I looked her in the yes and said, "Well
  it looks like this whore REALLY likes her new toy. I bet she would like to
  have it turned on again. I'm going to remove your dildo gag and ask you a question.
  You will NOT scream or beg when you open your mouth. Do you understand me BITCH?" She
  shook her head yes and I removed the gag. I said, "I'm
  going to give you a choice now. This will NOT happen that often so be sure
  to make the RIGHT one. You are going to have to chose between the viberator
  or a cock. If you chose the viberator, it will be left on the rest of the night.
  If you chose the cock, you will have all three of your openings filled and
  fucked at the same time. You will have the freedom to fuck the cocks without
  being tied to a chair or a table. After the fucking is over, you will be left
  to rest in your cage for an hour. Now answer the question you cock sucking
  whore and be sure to use the Master before and after your sentence."  
She said, "Master, this whore would like to have the cocks in her openings
  instead of the viberator MASTER" I said, "You made a good choice Bitch. Now
  I'm going to take you off the table and your hands will be locked behind you
  and you can PROVE that you really want us to fuck you." We removed her from
  the table and again locked her hands behind her back. I took a small chain
  and locked it to her cuffs behind her and pulled it up to her collar she was
  wearing and locked it tight. She didn't have any movement with her hands or
  arms at this point. I told her to go to the center of the room and get ready
  to have her holes fucked. She walked to the point I pointed out and stood still.
  I told two of the men to strip naked as I was now doing. She was now looking
  at three men totally naked as she was with our cocks sticking straight out.
  We stood in a circle around her and I said, "Now to start the show. I want
  you to get on your knees and move from one cock to the other after you have
  sucked it all the way down your throat. When we are all ready to fuck your
  worthless body, I will tell you what to do. Now GET STARTED SLUT." She took
  my cock in her mouth first. She rammed it in her mouth all the way to my balls.
  She started sucking it like it was her God. When she knew I was ready to fuck
  her, she moved to the next man. After she had deep throated all three of us,
  I said, "Now I'm going to lay
  on the floor and you WILL lay on top of me and stick my cock in your pussy.
  When my cock is all the way in, the next man will get on top of you and he
  will fuck your ass. After he is planted deep inside you, the last man will
  ram his cock in your mouth. You WILL do all the movement to get us to cum in
  all three of your opening."  
I laid on the floor and she was spreading her legs to get in the right position
  to have me plunge in her pussy. I had to help her to achive the right position
  and when my cock was lined up, she plunged it all the way into herself. The
  man at her ass was getting on top of her and soon he had his cock buried deep
  in her ass to the balls. The third man was now at her mouth. She opened her
  mouth and he too plunged all the way in. I said, "Now START HUMPING OUR COCKS
  WHORE." She
  began as soon as I told her too. As she was pulling out from my cock, the one
  in her ass was going in her farther. Back and forth she moved as she was fucking
  our cocks, she was also deep throating the third man at the same time. We made
  sure not to cum to fast. We made her fuck us for over fifteen minutes before
  we dumped our cum into her body. After the last of us had finished with her
  and we were all standing, I said, "Now clean our cocks with you tounge and
  make sure we are clean and you will be taken to your cage for your rest as
  promised." She moved on her knees from one to
  the other until she had licked all the cum clean. I told her to stand up and
  thank us for our cocks and our cum. She quickly stood and looked at us and
  said, "Masters, Thank you for your cocks fucking this worthless
  whore and cumming in it's body Masters." We took her to her cage and locked
  her in it as normal. Her feet were spread wide and her hands were locked to
  the back of the cage still behind her back. We put the dildo gag back in her
  mouth and left her to think what she had just done to us.  
As we got back in the main room, the men said they really LOVED the new toys
  I brought back. I showed them everything I got and we had plans on using them
  all. One of the men said he would like to use the same thing we just did to
  the other slut on the table. I told him to go ahead and have some fun. He went
  straight over to her and started on her like we did the last one. Before long,
  she too was having her fair share of orgasms as I watched. She didn't last
  near as long before passing out like the first one. She had only about five
  orgasms before she was out like a light. Since we had all just had our own
  orgasms, we were not in the mood to do it again. We took her straight to her
  cage and locked her in the same fashion as the rest.  
After an hour or so of idle chit chat, we went to the cages and fed our sluts
  there Ensure. All of them were asleep when we went in the room. Not a one of
  them tried to talk as we were feeding them. We replaced the dildo gags with
  ones that were a little bigger than any they had had on so far. It was clear
  they were getting used to having a large cock in their mouths.  
We locked the door to the room the sluts were in and went back to the main
  room. I heard the beeper go off and I checked the monitors for the outside
  gate. The man who ownes the silo was at the gate wanting in. I went topside
  and let him enter. Since the codes had been changed, even he didn't have the
  right code. I opened the gate and he drove to the main building. We went in
  the garage door with his van and he opened the back door to show me a wooden
  box he had in the back. We took the box out and he said, "This is only one
  of the crates you will use to pack the slaves in when you are ready to ship
  them to their new owners." He opened the top of the crate and it had padded
  walls with a special "Chair" inside it. He explained the way they are to be
  used. The slave will be strapped in the chair with straps at her feet, lower
  legs, knees, upper thighs, waist, under her breasts, around her neck and one
  over the top of her forhead. The way the chair was designed, the slave would
  have her legs again spread wide and her pussy ready and open. Even in shipment,
  the slave could not have the modesty of her pussy not being available. The
  crete also had a bottle of compressed air that would give her all the needed
  breathing air she would need to get to her new "Home." Once the lid was to
  be closed, no matter how loud the slave would be able to yell, even though
  she will have a dildo gag deep in her mouth, she could not be heard. He explained
  when we had a slave ready to be shipped, she would have a large dildo in both
  her pussy and ass along with the one in her mouth. Once the chair with the
  slave was lowered in the open crete, it had a place to screw the chair to the
  bottom where it could not be move around inside. On the top and sides of the
  crete were the words "Software Handle with Care" written on it. He helped me
  load it on the elevator before he left. He said he will be delivering seven
  more of them in the next few days. He said he was having them custom made and
  all will be ready when the slaves are ready to be "Shipped." He also
  told me to give him the amount of cretes I would need at least five days before
  they were needed. At least we will have enough to start.  
He left and I went back down to the main room again. I explained to the men
  how the shipping cretes work and we took it in the supply room. It was about
  time for us to have our meal. We fixed a great meal and had a bottle of wine
  to wash it down. One of the men said he felt bad that all the slut were to
  get was the Ensure and we were eating like Kings. I told him we have a job
  to do and we will do it the way we were told to. He said he knows that but
  he just kind of felt sorry for them. I said, "You never
  said a word while you were fucking them. You didn't seem to feel sorry for
  them then. Why are you feeling sorry now?" He said he was sorry to even said
  a word. He assured me he was not going "Soft" and he would do his job without
  complaint again. I was going to have to watch him for a while to make sure
  he woundn't be a problem for us. I really think he was just venting at the
  time.  
We left the sluts to rest for over three hours. As we were talking about
  more training, I told them about the new drug I bought to make the sluts horney
  all the time. I had enough to last for a week to give to all four of them.
  I said I wanted them to get it in their Ensure along with the birth control
  pills they were to take each day. One of the men asked how much Ensure we should
  give to each slave to keep them healthy. I told him they will need at least
  five cans each day plus a large amount of water. None of the sluts have had
  a bowel movement since they were given the enima so they should be pretty well
  cleaned out by now.  
We decided to give all four of the sluts one more training session before
  they were put in their cages for the night. I wanted to see if all of them
  have excepted their new roll in life so I wanted to put them to the final test
  to see for sure. I told the men to bring one out at a time and take them to
  the over head hoists in the middle of the room. The first one was soon hanging
  with her arms pulled over her head and her legs spread wide and locked to the
  bolts in the floor. We brought out the next slut and she was also treated the
  same way. Soon all four were in the same position and they were all looking
  at each other as they were in a circle facing each other. I said, "We are going
  to remove your dildo gags now. I don't want to hear ANYONE say ONE FUCKING
  WORD or you will regret it." All four gags were removed and none of them even
  tried to speak. I said, "Now
  we are going to see if you are willing to be a slut slave and serve ANYONE
  who wants to use you as they see fit. As you were told earlier, you are no
  longer free women. You are nothing more than a whore and a cock sucker and
  the lowest form of life on this planet. You are now PROPERTY to be used and
  abused. Now is the time to see if all of my whores are ready to do as you are
  told. One by one, you will be asked a question. ONLY the whore that is being
  asked a question will speak. If any other that they one we are talking to speaks,
  the rest will be punished.  
If you all understand this, shake your heads yes." All four of the whores
  at one time shook their heads yes without speaking. I went to the first one
  brought out and stood right in front of her. I placed my mouth over hers and
  started French kissing her. She returned by kissing me using her tongue on
  me. As I was kissing her, I moved my hand to her pussy and was sticking my
  fingers in her. She never stopped kissing as I was finger fucking her. I moved
  my fingers from her pussy to her ass. Again I was finger fucking her ass hole
  without her stopping the kiss. Three of the other men went to the other three
  sluts and were doing the same thing to them and all were reacting the very
  same way. We were using our hands to touck every part of their bodies by this
  time.  
We all stopped kissing them and I asked the slut I was standing in front
  of, "Are you ready to be our whore and do EVERYTHING we demand of you WITHOUT
  QUESTION?" She replied with, "Master, Yes this whore is ready to do as its
  Master demands of it Master" I moved to the other three sluts and all of them
  replied with the same answer. I said, "Now we will see if you all are telling
  the truth. If any one of you don't do as we demand, you KNOW what will happen
  to you." I removed the first slut from the overhead hoist and also removed
  her legs from the bolts in the floor. I locked her hands behind her back and
  said, "I want you to get on your worthless knees and go from one slut to the
  next and eat their pussies until they cum. DO IT NOW WHORE." She started with
  the slut closest to her. She began eating her like she was born to do it. Soon
  she had given her a wild orgasm and moved to the next. After she finished with
  the last one, I told her to tell me how she liked eating pussy. She said, "Master,
  this whore loves eating pussy Master." I asked her the next
  question. "How do you like getting fucked by all your Masters in your mouth,
  pussy, and ass SLUT." She replied with, "Master, this whore loves to get fucked
  by its Masters cocks in all its holes Master."  
She was again tied back like the other three sluts. We removed the next slut
  and she did the very same thing as the first. After all four whores had eaten
  each other out, and were tied back to the ceiling, I said, "Well that was good.
  Now for the next part. We are going to whip each of you with a flogger for
  five minutes and I don't want to hear ANY of my whores screaming out. If any
  of you scream, the beating will last for thirty minutes instead of five. You
  are allowed to grunt as you are being beat but NO SCREAMING. Is that understood?" All
  four shook their heads yes. We took our floggers and started hitting them.
  We started out light and as the time passed, we were really hitting them hard.
  Not a single one of them screamed out. All four were moaning pretty loud but
  that was to be expected. We let them stand there for about ten minutes before
  I said, "Now for the last part of your test. You will not be gagged for this
  one either. We are going to place a twelve inch dildo under each one of you
  and lower your arms just enough were you can fuck the dildos in both your pussies
  and asses. If you do this, you will be left to rest for at least eight hours
  in your cages. Now, are my whores ready to fuck themselves?" All four shook
  their heads yes. We placed a tripod under each one and placed the dildo on
  top of it. We lowered their arms where they had enough movement to ram the
  dildos in the holes we told them to. After all four were ready, I said, "All
  of you will lower yourselves on the dildo until it is deep in your pussies.
  Once it is deep in you, you will start fucking it like you love it. You will
  NOT stop until we tell you to. I want you to REALLY FUCK it and I mean FAST.
  Now lower your worthless pussies on the dildos." All four were now lowering
  themselves on the dildo under them. Once they had it deep inside them, I told
  them to start fucking it hard. All of the whores were now fucking themselves
  and hard as they could. We made them fuck the dildos for about twenty minutes.
  All four had at least one orgasm as they were riding the dildos. I said, "Now
  I want all of you to stand up until the dildo is out of your pussies."  
After they were standing up, they knew what was coming next. I said, "Now
  take the wet dildos and ram them in your asses. I want you to RAM IT IN HARD
  AND FAST." Again, all four did as I told them to do. I said, "Keep
  fucking those worthless asses until I tell you to stop." Agter another twenty
  minutes, I said, "I want all of my sluts to stand up and get the dildos out
  of your asses." All stood up to a full standing postion. I said, "Now as I
  promised you whores, you will get your eight hours of rest. Once you are in
  your cages, you will be given your meal and then you can either sleep, or just
  sit there looking at each other. I really don't give a fuck one way of the
  other."  
We took them to their cages and locked them in the same fashion as they have
  always been locked. We gave them the Ensure with the drugs in the drink and
  replaced the dildo gags. We locked the door and went back to the main room
  for our rest period.  
We had been sleeping for about four hours when my beeper went off. I checked
  the camera and my men were back with the van. I went topside to meet them in
  the garage. As soon as the van had stopped, I opened the back doors and I saw
  three women hogtied to the floor of the van. The men got out and told me they
  only got three of the four nurses they went after. I asked them what happened
  to the forth woman and they said she had already packed up and left the area.
  The three they had were also planning on getting out of town before they had
  to go to court but we beat them to it. We quickly moved the sleeping slaves
  to the elevator and down to the main room. Their fate was now sealed. They
  will soon be trained like the others and shipped off to be sold into sex slaves.
  As soon as we reached the main room, we took the three sluts to training rooms
  and installed the cuffs and collars. After all three were locked to the X-Rack,
  we got the smelling salt to wake our new bitches.  
The first one was a twenty seven year old. She stood five feet three inches
  tall and weighed about one hundred five pounds. She had real long blonde hair
  down to her waist. She was the prettiest one of all the sluts we had aquired
  so far. Her tits looked like they were about thirty four inches and she had
  a very small waist line the best we could tell with her clothes still intact.
  I took the smelling salt and held it under her nose. She was soon trying to
  open her eyes. The very first thing she did was to let out a very loud scream
  that seemen to never stop. Her lungs must be very large to scream like that.
  I looked her in the eyes and said, "You will STOP THAT
  SCREAMING BITCH and I mean NOW." She stopped and was looking me in my eyes
  with hate written all over them. She said, "I DEMAND TO BE TAKEN DOWN AND I
  MEAN NOW." I slapped her across the face with a pretty hard blow. I said, "You
  are in NO POSITION to demand ANYTHING WHORE. You are now nothing more than
  a piece of meat to be used as we see fit. Just to prove my point, we are going
  to cut your clothes off that worthless body and let you see that worthless
  MEAT I'm talking about." She started screaming again and I told one of the
  men to gag this whore. She was soon wearing a very large ball gag that gave
  her no room to demand anything from us.  
I wanted to be the one to strip her this time. I took my razor knife and
  showed it to her. I said, "Now I'm going to strip you down to see what kind
  of goods you have to offer us. If you know whats good for you, you will NOT
  try and stop me. You are two hundred feet below ground and you will NEVER be
  free again." She was trying to see what I was doing to her as I cut her blouse
  off without any trouble. Next came her slacks as I was taking my sweet time
  doing it. She was now wearing only her bra and panties, watch, and the rings
  on her fingers. Before I cut her remaining underwear off, I wanted to get the
  rings and watch off of her. She tried making a fist to stop me but with a little
  help from my men, soon she lost them. I looked her in the eyes as I was cutting
  her bra off. I grabbed both of her tits at the same time and was squeezing
  them hard. Her eyes were now wide open and she was trying to scream through
  her ball gag. Without further wait, I cut her panties off and she was now standing
  before us totally naked without any defence. She had a real cute little brown
  bush on her. I said, "Now I thought we had a true blonde here but it looks
  like the whore uses hair color. I think we need to get rid of all the brown
  hair on its worthless body." I wanted to fuck this one real bad but I also
  wanted her to feel as useless as possible before we fucked her. I told one
  man to get the shaver and the electrosis machine and get her ready before we
  had our fun. Soon she was denuded of all her hair and ready to fuck. She had
  a very cute cunt on her and I was ready to try it out. I said, "Now my little
  whore, we are going to fuck some since into your pussy. Get ready to have that
  cute little pussy of yours to be fucked by six of the best cocks you have ever
  had. We are going to fuck you and SHOW you we can do WHATEVER we want to you.
  You are nothing more than a cock sucking slut." I dropped my pants and was
  lined up with her sweet little hole. I said, "Here it comes BITCH." I soon
  had her filled to the top with my rock hard cock and was pumping her with all
  I had. She had the tightest pussy of any of the sluts we had. She was trying
  with everything she had to expell the cock buried deep inside her but she couldn't
  do anything but hang there and take it. I shot my hot cum into her before I
  wanted to. She was that tight. As I was pulling out one of the men said we
  forgot to give her the birth control pill and her shot. I had really fucked
  up on that one. I sent one man to get a douch to clean her out as soon as we
  could. We gave her three complete douches to remove any chance of her getting
  pregnant. We also gave her the shot to stop all her periods. I removed the
  ball gag and told her she will take the pill now or she will regret ever being
  born.  
When the gag was removed, she started screaming again as hard as she could.
  I screamed at her to stop or I would beat her until she couldn't scream again.
  She stopped and I said, "You will now take the pill or will force it down your
  throat." She looked at me and said, "I already take the pills so don't bother
  you PIG." I didn't want to take any chances so I forced it down her throat
  and put the gag back in. I said, "Now that we KNOW you are safe to fuck, you
  will have the pleasure of a few more cocks to use that cunt that we OWN." Two
  more of the men wanted to try her out. She didn't even try and stop them as
  they were thrusting their cocks into her. After the last one was finished using
  her pussy, we took her off the rack and locked her hands behind her and took
  her to the sleeping room.  
As we entered the room, she was looking at the cages with our other four
  sluts locked down with their legs spread wide. All four sluts woke as we entered
  and they were just looking at her without trying to move. They knew we were
  going to get more sluts to train so they just watched as we put her in a cage
  and spread her legs wide and locked them to the sides of her cage. We also
  locked her hands to the bars behind her since she was a feisty little thing.
  The new slut was trying to see the other slaves we had when I said, "You will
  have PLEANTY of time to get to KNOW the other whore we have in here. You will
  soon be wanting to eat their pussies like they want to eat yours. You might
  also notice the whores in here don't have a ball gag in their worthless mouths
  like you now have. They have a very large dildo shoved down their throats as
  you will have tomorrow so don't get to used to sleeping with that ball gag
  bitch. You can look at their pussies all you want because very soon you will
  get to know them very well. You might also notice they all have rings in their
  nipples and their clits. You will have them installed on you tomorrow." We
  locked her cage and relocked the door. We still had two more sluts to get ready.  
We went to the second training room to start on the next slut. She was also
  twenty seven years old but was taller than what was required. She measured
  five feet seven inches tall without her shoes. He weight was about the limit
  also. She weighed about one hundred forty pounds. We could reduce her weight
  to the required limit by her new diet but the height could not be reduced.
  She had shoulder length red hair and tits that looked to be about thirty nine
  to forty inches. It was time to see if she had any tatoos and any partials
  in her mouth. I checked for partials and she had none. I replaced the ball
  gag and put the smelling salt under her nose. As she was waking up, she started
  looking around the room to see all six men staring at her. She tried to get
  off the rack but like the others had tried, it was impossible the way we had
  her locked to it. I told her the same thing I had all the others about there
  is no way she will excape from here and she will do everything we tell her
  to do no matter what it is. I also told her that her friends are also here
  with her to keep her a little calmer. It did help until we cut her clothes
  off. As she was looking down at her naked body, she was starting to cry. I
  told her it will not help but only make us mad and she really didn't want that
  to happen. I said, "You are going to be raped in a few minutes and there is
  NOTHING you can do to stop it. First we are going to shave your pussy bare
  and remove all hair from your neck down to where it will never grow back again.
  You will get a shot that will stop all your periods for good. You will be given
  a pill that will prevent you from getting pregnant. After we are finished using
  you, you will be placed in a cage next to your friends along with four other
  sluts like you. You will be BEATEN HARD if you even TRY and stop us from fucking
  you. It is in your best interest to do as we tell you. Do you understand me
  BITCH?" She shook her head yes and started crying again. She cried the whole
  time we were shaving her and using the electrosis machine on her body. She
  was given the shot in her hip and I said, "Now I'm going to take the gag out
  to give you the pill. If you try and scream, you will get the beating I promised
  you." I took the gag out and she never tried to speak. I placed the pill in
  her mouth and replaced the gag. She was now ready to get the promised cock
  I said she would get. She was raped by two of the men who brought her here
  and also by me. She stopped crying after the second fuck. We took her off the
  rack and walked her to the sleeping room. She, like the others, had a wild
  look on her face when she saw where she will be sleeping and the way she will
  be caged and spread. As soon as we had her legs spread wide and locked to the
  sides of the cage, we locked her hands that were behind her to the back of
  the cage and locked the cage itself. She was placed right in front of her friend
  where she could get a good look at the way she was caged and spread wide for
  our inspection.  
The last of the three sluts was next. She was twenty nine years old and stood
  five feet three inches tall. Her hair was also red and down to the center of
  her back. She weighed about one hundred pounds and was extremely pretty. Her
  tits were on the smaller size but still appeared to be in the right proportion
  with her body. We woke her from her slumber and she reacted about the same
  way as all the other sluts had acted. It was to be expected after being kidnapped
  and drugged the way they have been. As she was being stripped I noticed three
  tatoos on her. She had one right above her shaved pussy, at least we didn't
  have to shave this one, and one on each hip. They were not large ones but she
  still had them. I knew we would lose some money on this one and that didn't
  please any of us. She was raped by four of the men, I didn't want any of this
  one right now as I was still pissed about the tatoos, and taken to the sleeping
  room and caged like the rest of the slut. After we locked her in the cage,
  we locked the door and went back in the main room to talk.  
I asked if there were any problems with aquiring the bitches and they said
  it went like clock work. The only problem they had was one of the sluts woke
  up as they were fueling the van and tried to kick the side of the van to get
  someone to rescue them. They said she was quickly subdued and put back to sleep.
  Two of the three had their purses with them as they were being kidnapped. We
  looked through them and found one of the sluts had a small handgun in her purse.
  It was a thirty-eight Smith and Wesson and it was loaded. We also found an
  address book in the same purse that had the names of her friends, her lawyer,
  and three mens names with a star next to them. We assumed it was the names
  of men she might have been dating at the time but that didn't make us any difference
  as she was now ours and not theirs anymore. The other purse had the normal
  girl stuff in it including a wallet full of cash and credit cards. We counted
  over seven hundred dollars in bills and a check from a car dealership where
  we assumed she had sold her car. The check was for six thousand three hundred
  dollars. We knew we had to destroy it so there was no link to the slut and
  us. We were all still tired so I said "Lets all
  get some more sleep and we will start the new sluts training a little later.
  All six of us laid down to get the much needed rest.  
We slept for over six hours and we were ready to start the training again.
  We fixed us a big breakfast and we went topside three at a time to get some
  fresh air. After we were all back down to the main room, it was time to start
  with the new sluts. I checked the monitor to see how the slaves were doing.
  It appeared they were all sleeping. We decided to let the new sluts watch us
  work over one of the other sluts we had before they got here. It would show
  them what was in store for them in just a short time. One by one we brought
  the new sluts in the main room. We locked them to the far wall in a standing
  position with their hands over their heads and the legs spread wide and locked
  to bolts in the floor. We didn't take the ball gags out for the time being.
  I didn't want to hear them scream as they watched us rape the slut for their
  viewing pleasure.  
After all three were in position to watch the show, we brought in slut number
  two and put her hands on a spreader bar and attached them to the wench in the
  ceiling. We raised her arms up high and also put a long spreader bar on her
  feet and locked it to the floor. She was now completely spread-eagled and ready
  to fuck. I said to the new whores, "Now we want you to pay close attention
  to what this cock sucking slut is going to get. Each one of you will be in
  this position in a short time. Pay close attention to the gag as we take it
  out of her mouth. All three of you will be wearing one just like it shortly.
  If this whore screams out as we fuck or beat her, all of you will be beaten
  for her mistakes. As the other whore we have here already know, the one that
  disobeys does NOT be beaten, all the other whores get her punishment. Now watch
  this." I walked
  over to her and said, "Now lets show the new sluts what they will be doing
  here and you KNOW the rules, DON'T say a word as we fuck and flog you."  
Two of the men took off all their clothes and were ready to fuck this bitch.
  One was standing at her pussy and the other at her ass. Before they plunged
  into her openings, I removed the dildo gag and showed it to the new sluts.
  All three of them looked at it and quickly closed their eyes. I told them, "All
  three of you WILL WATCH THIS AND DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES. If you don't watch
  EVERYTHING that happens to her, you will have it done to you all FIVE TIMES
  AS BAD. We will be watching to make SURE you are looking." All
  three opened their eyes and watched as the men plunged into her openings. They
  were fucking her harder than they have ever fucked her before. She never said
  a single word as she was being fucked. She even had several orgasms as she
  was being fucked. All three of the new sluts watched as she seemed to be enjoying
  this gang bang. After they filled her with their cum, they stepped aside and
  I picked up a flogger and started hitting her hard. I flogged her for over
  ten minutes and she still didn't scream out. She did moan loud but never screamed.
  We took her off the spreader bars and lead her to one of the tables. We put
  her on her back and locked her hands to the top of the table. Her feet were
  put in the stirrups and locked. Her knees were raised and straps were put on
  them and pulled to the sides of the table and secured. Her pussy and ass were
  now very open to be used as we saw fit.  
I told one man to bring us slut number four to have a little fun. As soon
  as slut four was in the room, she was lead to the slut on the table. Her hands
  were locked behind her and a chain was installed to her collar pulling her
  hands up to the center of her back. I removed her gag and said, "Now you will
  eat this pussy until she has had five orgasms and do it GOOD. Your new roommates
  want to see how they will soon be doing this very same thing. NOW GET TO EATING
  BITCH." Without waiting for another
  command, she leaded over at the waist and had her mouth buried in the pussy.
  She was licking it and sticking her tounge in as deep as she could. She gave
  her the first orgasm in the first minute. Another orgasm came shortly afterwards.
  After the fifth one, I said, "Thank you my little cunt eater. Now get on your
  fucking knees and suck my cock BITCH." She
  dropped to her knees and soon had my entire cock in her mouth all the way to
  the balls. It didn't take long until I was ready to shoot my seed into her
  mouth. She could tell I was about ready as she plunged it all the way into
  her neck and I filled her full of my hot cum. After she finished, I told her
  to stand up and thank me for my cum. She stood up looking my in my eyes and
  said, "Master, Thank You for filling my
  mouth with Your cum Master." I reinstalled her gag and took her to another
  table and strapped her the same way the other slut was still laying.  
I walked over to the new bitches and said, "This will happen to all of you
  now. You will get a good taste for our cum and the whip. Now who wants to go
  first?" They all lowered their heads at the same time. I said, "OK,
  so you want to play that game do you? Well we are going to beat you until one
  of you shake your head yes. After that, we will see who wants to go second.
  The last one will not get punished but the first two will get her beating.
  Now get ready for the whip SLUTS." I wanted to let them know the rules and
  the way we play them. It would be a good start to let them know we mean BUSINESS
  down here. Three men were standing in front of all three sluts with a whip
  in their hands. I said, "Hit these whores
  on their tits and their pussies until we have our winners. HIT THEM HARD." All
  three started at the same time. They were aiming for the pussy and tits only.
  After only a few hits, one of them shook her head yes. It took another twenty
  or so hits until the next one shook her head. The whipping stopped and I said, "Well
  it looks like we have our winners. The last one to go will NOT be beaten. She
  will only have her holes filled. The other two will take her punishment for
  her. Now you can see how this is done. REMEMBER IT CUNTS."  
We took the first one to the hoist in the center of the room. After she was
  spread-eagled and locked, two men soon had their cocks in her pussy and ass
  at the same time. She was trying with everything she had to stop the rape but
  she was helpless to stop it. I know with the shaved pussy and the whipping
  it received, she was in a LOT of pain. They kept fucking her until she was
  filled with their cum. They pulled out and took the whip and started on her
  again. She received over fifty strokes of the whip all over her body before
  they stopped. She pasted out after it was over. As she was hanging there by
  her limp arms, I brought a large dildo to her pussy and told the men to wake
  her up. After she was awake again, I shoved the dildo in and out of her as
  fast as I could. I removed it from her pussy and shoved it in her ass the same
  way. I did this for over twenty minutes from hole to hole without any break
  in between. I told the men to get this whore off my spreader bars and put her
  on the last table the same way the other two sluts were tied. They had to drag
  her as her legs would not carry her own weight. After she was secured, we went
  for the next slut. She received the very same treatment as the first. We took
  her to one of the chairs my men brought out in the main room and secured her
  to it. The last slut only got fucked in her pussy and ass and did NOT get the
  beating. Another chair was brought out for her to sit in. She was only wearing
  the ball gag as she sat watching the others look at her.  
We made sure all three of them were aware of my next speech. I said, "The
  two of you that got the beating can thank the whore who went last. She is the
  one that caused you to be beaten so bad. As you can see, she didn't get the
  whip. You took it for her. She only had the pleasure of the cocks to fuck her
  two lower holes. Now she can also watch as you will get two large dildos shoved
  into your pussies and asses. Your mouths will also be filled with one too." Soon
  both of the sluts were wearing three large dildos in all three of their openings.
  We could see them looking at the one just sitting in the chair without anything
  being done to her and they had an ANGRY look on their faces. I could tell they
  were really PISSED at her. Another good lesson learned. God, I LOVE THIS JOB.  
I thought now would be a good time to tell the new whore what is going to
  happen to them. After they all settled down in their bondage, I said, "Now
  I want you three new sluts to listen to me. I'm going to explain why you are
  here and what will be done to you. These other four whore have already heard
  this speech and have agreed to its terms. At least I hope they have because
  they will regret it if they try to decide to stop the training. There is no
  way they could do it anyway. The three of you will be trained to be sex slaves.
  You are no longer free and will NEVER be free again. Don't even try and concider
  yourselves as women anymore.  
You are nothing more than owned property and will remain that way as long
  as you live. You are now Sluts, Whores, Cock Suckers, Cunt Eaters, Bitches,
  and the lowest form of life on this planet. Your two lower openings will be
  streached until you will be able to take a mans fist all the way to the elbow.
  You will be able to take a twelve inch cock all the way down your throat too.
  In just a little bit, you will have your nipples and clits pierced as the other
  whores now wear. You DON'T have a say in the matter. If you are EVER allowed
  to speak, you will ALWAYS start and finish your sentence with MASTER. If you
  fail to do so, the others will be beaten for your actions. You will learn real
  fast that your roommates will only be looking out for themselves. As soon as
  your are properly trained, you will be shipped out to you new Masters whoever
  that might be. You will be sold as they see fit. As I said, you are nothing
  more that property to be used and sold as your Master sees fit. You will be
  trained to fuck in all your openings and LOVE IT. You are also to be crossed
  trained to be BISEXUAL as you have already noticed. I really don't give a shit
  if you want to of not, you will learn how to make a slut cum on demand. If
  at ANY time we see that you are not doing what we DEMAND of you, ALL of you
  WILL SUFFER for it. The only way you will not be punished when asked who wants
  to go first is for ALL OF YOU to shake your worthless heads at the SAME TIME.
  If you haven't noticed yet, the tables and the chairs all have a cylinder under
  them that can go up and down with a dildo on them. You will be fucked by these
  dildos and us until you can take my arm into your pussies and asses. Each time
  you finish with one dildo, it will be replaced by a larger one both in length
  and width. Don't EVER think you can excape from us. You are underground about
  two hundred feet and way out in the middle of NO WHERE. We know your history
  and your problems with the law. The police will think you are on the run. We
  also know the other bitch charged with you has already run. She just better
  hope we don't find her because if we do, she will be here with you. The ONLY
  thing you will EVER have to eat will be Ensure. We never want to have SHIT
  on our cocks so you will never be able to shit again either. LIQUID DIET ONLY
  for ALL my whores. Ensure and CUM and more CUM than Ensure. You will learn
  to DESIRE the taste of cum in your mouths"  
I wanted them to get the feeling for the machines so we installed all three
  of them with a nine inch long and three inch wide dildo and started off in
  the pussy. After all three were being fucked for thirty minutes each, we turned
  our attention on the two other sluts we had in the room. It was time to start
  with the fisting on both of them. One had already had my fist deep in her pussy
  so it was time to try her ass. The other one has not had the pleasure of a
  fist in her so she will now get her first. I told one man to start with the
  one in her pussy and I would fill the other in her ass. I knew the one I was
  going to be using already had my fist in her pussy so it was time to see how
  much she could take in her ass.  
I started out with a twelve inch by four inch dildo to get her wide enough
  to take my hand. I fucked her for over ten minutes before I removed the dildo.
  I put a lot of KY jelly on my hand and started out with three fingers. Soon
  I had her filled with four fingers. After another few minutes, I folded my
  thumb into my plam and tried to get my hand in. It took over ten minutes before
  I had my entire hand inside her. She was trying to scream through her dildo
  gag but I had a job to do so I kept right on pushing. After my entire hand
  was inside her, I made a fist and I though the way she was trying to scream
  that I was killing her. I left her like that for over fifteen minutes to let
  her muscles get used to the streaching I was doing to her. I looked over at
  the other slut and the man was now shoving his arm into her to the elbow. She
  was also trying to scream but that didn't stop him for a second. He was now
  ramming it in and out of her at a very fast pace. I started pushing my fist
  deeper into her ass until I finally had my arm all the way inside her. I gave
  her another few minutes before I started moving my arm. She seemed to settle
  down some so I started on her again. Now I was really ramming her with all
  I had. Her ass was really tight but that would soon change. I took my other
  hand and started rubbing her clit and she started to cum as soon as I started
  on it. I played with it as I was still fisting her ass and I know she had over
  four orgasms. Mixing pain with pleasure sends the emotions of the whore out
  of this world.  
The timers went off on the machines the new sluts were on. I took my fist
  out of the whore I was working on and washed my hands. I told the other men
  to chance the postions of the dildos and get them up their asses for another
  thirty minutes. I could hear them trying to scream as they were having to take
  the large dildos in their ass. I told the men to set the timers for another
  thirty minutes and get them started on high speed. After a few minutes, all
  three of the new sluts were calming down a little as they rode the dildos deep
  in their ass.  
We all sat down to watch the show until the timers went off. It was time
  to get them all feed and a bathroom break. We removed all three of them and
  took them to three different training rooms to let them make their toilet.
  After they were strapped to the commodes, Each one had a bowel movement and
  a good long piss. We gave each one two cans of Ensure and a glass of water.
  We also put the new drug in their Ensure to keep them horney all the time.
  None of the three tried to speak while the gags were out of their mouths. We
  were really surprised at that. I guess they knew it was for their best interest
  not to try and speak. I wanted to give them an enima before they were removed
  from the commode. I wanted them clean and ready for whatever we wanted to do
  to them. All three were then taked to the shower room and strapped spread-eagled
  and ready for their baths. I said, "Now you will get cleaned and ready for
  a short break in your cages. After the shower, you will have a new type of
  gag installed in your mouths. It will keep your mouths open and ready for what
  we might want to put in them." We only used cold water to clean them this time.
  They were told that if they wanted warm water used for their showers, they
  would have to "Earn" that right. We washed their hair and put it up in a tight
  bun.  
We took them to the sleeping room for the break I promised them. Before they
  were locked in the cage, we replaced the gags with a large ring gag. Now they
  had to keep their mouths wide open and ready for a hot cock. After all three
  were spread wide and locked in the vages, I said, "You will get to rest of
  one hour and then we will see how well you can take a cock in your mouths.
  The ring gags will prevent you from trying to bite our cocks until we can trust
  you not to bite. Now get some rest and think about us shoving our cocks into
  your open mouths." We laughed and left and locked the room. I watched the monitor
  to see what they were trying to do. They were sitting there and all three had
  tears coming down their cheeks. About all they could do to try and speak to
  each other was to moan a little. After the break was over, we were going to
  pierce the new sluts. It was very clear to them that we were going to turn
  them into slut slaves and they didn't have a choice in the matter.  
We returned to the main room and took the two other sluts off the tables
  and gave them a shower also. We did use warm water on them since they did fairly
  well with the fists in them. We also took them to the sleeping room and locked
  them in the cages for a short break. We brought the two sluts that were still
  in the cages to the main room to get started on them with the fists. It seemed
  to us we had already broken their spirits and they were ready to do as they
  were told. Both of them took our fists with very little problems. I was really
  hoping one of them would have resisted so we could punish the other one but
  they didn't. Like the last ones, we gave them a shower and feed them and relocked
  them in the cages. Now all seven of our whores were caged and resting. I had
  a plan I wanted to try after the break was over. It would be a test for the
  new one to see if they were going to go along with their training.  
We left the sluts to rest for over an hour before we were ready to start
  again. We brought out two of the new sluts and placed one of them on spreader
  bars both hands and feet and raised her hands over her head on the hoist. She
  was now standing totally spread-eagled and waiting on whatever we wanted to
  do to her. Both of them still had the ring gag in their mouths and the other
  whore had her hands locked behind her back and a chain placed on the collar
  bringing her hands up almost to her neck. I brought the one slut to the one
  hanging on the hoist and said, "You will get down on your knees and eat my
  little whores pussy until she has cum. If you don't do as I said, she will
  be beaten. Now get started BITCH." It
  really surprised me when she got on her knees and was facing the bare pussy.
  I took her ring gag out of her mouth and she leaned forward and started eating
  it like she has done it before. She was licking, sucking, and sticking her
  tounge into her. The slut on the spreader bars was going wild as she had several
  orgasms in a row. She started to stop the pussy eating when I told her she
  will keep going until I tell her to stop. She ate her out for over twenty minutes
  until the slut being ate pasted out from all the orgasms she had received.  
We used the smelling salt to wake her up as the other slut was stood up facing
  her. I told the standing slut to stick her tounge into the mouth of the hanging
  slut and French kiss her. She did what I told her to do and was again doing
  it real good. I pulled her back and said, "I want to know if you have ever
  done this to her before. The way you were eating her looks like you have been
  lovers with her in the past. Remember to speak to me as you were told to do.
  She said, "Master, Yes I have done this before Master. Master, we have been
  lovers for a long time and I love to eat her pussy Master." I said, "Well that
  is one part of your training I won't have to worry about. Are you Bi-Sexual
  or just gay?" She said, "Master, I am
  Bi-Sexual Master." I said, "Have you ever played with bondage before slut?" She
  replied with, "Master, Yes we have Master." I asked, "Are all three of you
  the same way with each other?" She said, "Master, No. The other girl is not
  Bi-Sexual Master." I was really amazed with her answers. She was talking to
  me as if she was enjoying the training. I said, "Well you and the rest of my
  whores will be trained to be BOTH. You will have to suck and fuck cock as well
  as eat pussy. And by the way, you will NEVER address any of my slut whores
  as a girl or woman again. You will ALWAYS use the names I said to use. Whore,
  Slut, Cock Sucker, Bitch, Cunt, or SLAVE. NEVER talk about yourselve in the
  first person. You will say 'This SLUT' or 'That Slut' when you are talking
  about ANY of my whores." Because
  you called her a girl, the other whore will be BEATEN to take your punishment." She
  started begging my for forgiveness and I said, "Now she will get beated even
  WORSE because you spoke WITHOUT being asked." I placed her ring gag back in
  her mouth and told one of the men to hold her where she could see me beat the
  hanging slut.  
I picked up a Cat-o-Nine Tails and started beating her hard. She was screaming
  through her ring gag as hard as she could. I hit her over sixty times before
  I stopped. She pasted out again. Again she was awakened and I said, "You have
  just be beaten because of this WHORE." She had a look
  of murder in her eyes and she looked at the other slut. Our "Divide and Concour" was
  working real well. Even with these two sluts being lovers, they were turning
  on each other. I wanted to see what the one slut would have to say about being
  beaten because of her former lower. I said, "I'm
  going to take the ring gag out of your mouth and allow you to speak. You will
  ONLY answer my questions and NOTHING more. Do you understand me WHORE?" She
  shook her head yes and I removed the ring gag. I said, "Did you enjoy your
  beating Slut?" She said, "Master, NO Master." I
  asked her if she would like to see me beat the slut that made her be beaten.
  She said, "Master, YES I WOULD MASTER." I said, "Because you didn't call yourself
  'This Slut', She WILL be beaten. You got your wish Bitch."  
We took her off the spreader bars and replaced her with the other slut. We
  stood her where she could watch her be beaten as we did the first one. When
  she was spread wide and locked, I beat her the same way I did the first one.
  She even tried to smile as I was beating the other slut. I took the ring gag
  back out and said, "Now are you happy to have seen her beat
  like you were my little cock sucker?" She said "Master Yes this slut is happy
  to see that slut whipped Master." She looked at her and smiled as to say, See,
  I told you so BITCH. Both were taken to separate training rooms and strapped
  to a chair. Now was a good time to install the rings in their nipples and clits.
  When the first one saw the neddle and the rings, she tried closing her legs
  but they were spread wide and strapped tight. She watched in horror as she
  was pierced and the ring installed in her clit. Again she was watching close
  as each of her nipples were pierced and ringed. The second slut was going wild
  as she was being pierced in both her nipples and clit. She tried screaming
  but was unable with the gag in her mouth. I wanted them to take the dildos
  again but this time in the ass. I placed a ten inch dildo under each of them
  and turned on the machine for sixty minutes. That would give us enough time
  to get the last slut pierced and ringed.  
We brought the last one out to the main room and strapped her to a table
  with her feet in the stirrups and her hands over her head. I told her she will
  now wear the same kind of rings her friends were now wearing. She knew at this
  time the others had been pierced and ringed. She never moved the whole time
  she was being pierced or ringed. She raised her head to look at them after
  it was all over. I said, "Now all my whores are ringed and ready to fuck." I
  dropped my pants and stepped up to her wide spread legs and rammed my cock
  deep into her ass. Again she never moved as I was fucking her. Her ass hole
  was already getting wider than it was when she got here. I didn't want to cum
  in her ass as I wanted to see how well she could take my cock in her mouth.
  I pulled out of her ass and went to the head of the table. I lowered the head
  extention down and strapped her head down to it. Her head was now in the right
  position to take my cock all the way down her throat without hurting her. I
  left the ring gag in as I didn't want to take a chance if her trying to bite
  my cock. I said, "Now
  get ready for my cock in your neck my little COCK SUCKER." I didn't take my
  time with her. As soon as the head of my cock went through the ring, I rammed
  it all the way in to my balls. She started choking as I was ramming it in and
  out. I told her as I was fucking her mouth to breath through her nose. Soon
  she had it under control and I kept plunging in and out as fast as I could.
  As soon as I was ready to shoot my seed, I pushed it all the way down and shot
  my cum in her neck. She didn't even have to try and swollow it. It was past
  that point at that time. I pulled my cock out and said, "You have a tight throat
  on you bitch. I'll have to work on that a little more." I laughed and she had
  tears coming down her cheeks. I told three of the men to come over here since
  she wanted to cry, we will give her something to cry about. Now she was going
  to have to have three more cocks in her mouth before it was over. The last
  one to fuck her mouth pulled his cock out and placed it on her tounge as he
  shot it into her. He told her she had better drink every drop or she will be
  beaten again. She did her best to get it all down. What little did run out
  on her chin was placed on the mans finger and placed on her tounge to lick
  off. She had her belly full of cum by now.  
The timers went off with the two sluts taking it in their asses so we brought
  them in the main room. Since the two were former lovers and the one on the
  table was not, I had an idea to show her she will soon be one too. We put one
  of the sluts on a table and strapped her to it. The other one we placed her
  hands on a spreader bar and on the overhead hoist. We raised her arms up over
  her head and spread her legs wide and locked them to the bolts in the floor.
  We brought the last slut over to the one on the hoist and made her stand in
  front of her. We locked her hands to the other sluts hands and spread her legs
  and locked them to the same bolts in the floor. Both were trying to pull away
  from each other. I went to the storage room and brought back two two-headed
  dildos. One was eighteen inches long and the other was twenty four inches long.
  I also had three small padlocks in my hand. I took the longest dildo and shoved
  half of it into one of the sluts pussy. The other end was shoved into the others
  pussy. I took the padlock and locked their clit rings together. If they tried
  to pull away now, it would pull on their clit rings. Both of them were shoving
  their hips towards each other to take the strain off the rings. Next I locked
  the nipple rings to each other too. Now they had to keep as close to each other
  as they could not to hurt themselves. Since they both were wearing the ring
  gags, I had no problem in shoving the smaller two headed dildo through the
  rings. Now they her in a kissing position with the dildo deep in theirs throats.
  I took a strap and wrapped it around both theirs heads where they could not
  pull their heads apart. They were doomed to stand there fucking each other
  with no way of pulling apart.  
I said to them, "You will both stand there together until you have both had
  an orgasm. If you can't do it by yourselves, we will just have to fuck your
  asses until you do. NOW GET STARTED WHORES." We could see them trying to move
  their hips around as much as they could without pulling the clit rings out.
  We gave them thirty minutes to cum and neither one did. I said, "Well it don't
  look like either one of you have cum yet so I guess we will just have to shove
  a cock into your asses to help you along." As two of us were taking our pants
  off, they renewed their efforts of achiving an orgasm. It was to late for that
  now. They were going to have their asses filled too. We lined up at the same
  time and plunged into them with great force. All three of their holes were
  now filled. We fucked then as hard as we could and after about ten minutes,
  we could tell they had a wild orgasm. We dumped our load into them and pulled
  out. The cum was running down both their legs at the same time.  
After we were standing there watching them still trying to hump each other,
  I took a whip and started hitting them. The whole time I was beating them,
  I was saying, "Next time we tell you to cum, YOU WILL CUM and
  if you don't, you will receive fifty strokes of the whip each." After I was
  finished beating them, I said, "I'm going to give you five minutes to cum again
  and if you don't, I will beat you again. GET STARTED CUNTS." Both were moving
  their hips as hard as they could to get each other to cum. I was standing right
  next to them with the whip in my hand. I could hear them as they were sucking
  as hard as they could on the dildos in their mouths. They both again had cum
  at the same time without the whip or the cocks in their asses. After they calmed
  down, I said, "Now you both can stand there for another hour until I tell you
  to cum again. DO NOT CUM until I tell you too." After the hour was over, I
  said, "Now
  you will both have one more orgasm and I will give you a break. Get started." Again
  they were working on each other until both had cum again. They were both about
  to pass out when I told them they will be taken to the cages for a two hour
  rest. Soon they were back in the cages and spread again. I looked at their
  pussies and both were still wide open. I told them to look down at my sweet
  holes where they could tell they were getting wider. Both were looking at their
  pussies and both started tearing up. Before I left the room I said, "In just
  a few weeks, you both should be able to have a baseball bat shoved in them." I
  left laughing as I was locking the door.  
We still had one more of the new sluts strapped to a table. All six of us
  went over to her and I said, "I think its about time for you to beg us to
  fuck you whore. I'm going to remove your gag and you WILL beg all six of us
  to fuck your pussy, ass, and mouth. Before you start begging for us to fuck
  you, I'm going to do something I haven't done to any of my whores. I'm going
  to eat your pussy. The gag will be removed before I eat you. You will NOT say
  one FUCKING WORD until I have finished." I  
really like to eat pussy but have restrained myself until now to do so. I
  wanted to see how this bitch tasted before we filled her with cum. I took her
  gag out and she just laid there. I leaned over and started licking her clit
  and her pussy really tasted great. I was working her over until she started
  to cum. I made her cum three times before I stopped. She was really moaning
  pretty loud after the last one. I stood up and said, "Now
  we want to hear you BEG us to fuck all your holes CUNT." She looked over at
  all six of us standing on the right side of the table and said, "Masters, Please
  fuck this cunt in all of her holes and fill this cunt full Masters." I wasn't
  happy with her response and I said, "WHORE, you better do
  better than that. You have just earned a surprise." I picked up the button
  to shock her and I really let her have a long one too. She was screaming at
  the top of her lungs. I said, "Now you had better do BETTER
  than that this time CUNT or I'll fry you on this table." After she regained
  her composure she said, "Masters, PLEASE FUCK THIS CUNT IN ALL IT'S HOLES AND
  FUCK IT AS HARD AS YOU CAN, Masters. Masters, FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK
  ME Masters. Masters, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FUCK THIS WORTHLESS CUNT, Masters."  
I said, "Now that is a LOT better COCK SUCKER. You have just earned the right
  to have us fuck you WHORE BITCH." We took her off the table and lead her to
  the hoist. After she was spread-eagled and ready to fuck, I said, "Two of your
  Masters are going to fuck your ass and pussy at the same time. While they are
  fucking you, you WILL Thank them the whole time they are inside your worthless
  body SLUT." Two men were now ready
  to plunge into her and as soon as they started ramming their cocks in her,
  she was saying, Thank You Masters Thank You Masters over and over and over.
  She Thanked them the whole time they were plunging inside her until they both
  cum. Two more men replaced them and she started thanking them also. As soon
  as they were finished, I said, "Now we are going to take you off the hoist
  and lock your hands behind you. You will get on your worthless knees and suck
  the rest of us off until we fill your mouth with our hot cum. You had BETTER
  sollow EVERY DROP or you will be beaten again." We took her off the hoist and
  locked her hands behind her as we said we would. As soon as her hands were
  locked, she dropped to her knees and crawled over to suck our cocks. She gave
  the best head we have received so far. As soon as one of us would shoot our
  hot seed into her mouth, she would drink it like it was her God. She even licked
  us clean after she finished with us without being told to do so. All the training
  was starting to pay off. They ALL knew they were going to live their lives
  as slaves and the best way to do this was to do everything we wanted the whores
  to do. We let her have a long rest in her cage also.  
The training on all seven sluts from this point on was going very well. Each
  day we increased the size of the dildos that each could take in all of their
  openings. All seven sluts could take a fist in both of her lower openings and
  well as a fifteen inch by four inch dildo down their throats. All of them could
  take the whip without any complaints as well as all the fucking they have had
  to endure. None of the sluts were trying to bond with each other after the
  intense training we have given them. They were all VERY willing to please whatever
  we wanted them to do no matter how hard it might have been. After five weeks
  in training, it was about time to call our customer and talk about delivery.  
I made the call and he said he wanted pictures of all seven whores and all
  the stats on them. We took pictures of each cunt with a VERY large dildo in
  all their openings and the height and weight of each one. I was concerned about
  the slut that was five feet seven inches tall but when I called him back after
  all the stats and pictures were sent, he said he will deduct five thousand
  dollars from her price. That was a fair price and we were all pleased about
  it. We had all the shipping cretes ready to fill and send out. He said he will
  send several of his men to the silo to check the property he was going to be
  getting and if the report came back good, we were to ship them the next morning.  
The next morning my beeper went off and I checked the monitor and saw a new
  Mercedes at the front gate. It had three men in it so I went to the gate and
  checked to make sure it was the men we were expecting. After I was sure they
  were who they said they were, I opened the gate and took them to the silo.
  We pulled in the garage and shut the door. We got on the elevator and went
  to the main room. All the sluts were locked in their cages and the door was
  also locked. All five of my men were sitting in chairs watching the men approach.
  After a lot of small talk, I asked them how they wanted to inspect the property.  
One of the men said they wanted one whore brought out at a time and locked
  to the spreader bars with their hands raised over her head and legs spread
  wide and locked to the bolts in the floor. They had a rather large bag they
  brought with them. I asked what they had and I was told it was the tools to
  make sure the whores could take all we said they could take. We brought in
  the first slut and soon had her locked as required. All three men walked up
  to her and inspected her mouth, pussy, and ass. They spread her pussy lips
  wide apart and looked inside her. The spread her ass cheeks apart and also
  checked to see how wide it was. After they were happy with the first inspection,
  they said they will now see if the whore could take what they brought with
  them. One of the men opened the bag and brought a fifteen inch long and four
  inch wide dildo over to the slut. He took the dildo and shoved it in her pussy
  as far as it would go. He pumped it in and out for over five minutes. He did
  the same thing to her ass. She never made a sound as she was being fucked by
  the dildo. He raised it to her mouth and told her to open wide. Even being
  without a gag, she opened her mouth and took the entire length of it down her
  throat.  
The next part was to see how she could handle the whip. He brought over a
  large whip and said to the slut, "Do you want me to whip you WHORE?" She
  said, "Master, Yes this cunt wants you to whip it all over its worthless body
  Master." She received a hard beating without making any noise. Next she was
  asked, "Do this WHORE want us to FUCK ITS HOLES?" She said, "Master, This whore
  wants you to fuck all of its holes to please its Masters Master." She was fucked
  by all three men in her two lower openings. She was taken off the hoist and
  made to give them deep throat head. When finished, they said, "Thank your Masters
  for the beating and the fucking WHORE." She looked at all three of them and
  said, "Masters, Thank you for beating and fucking this worthless whore Masters." She
  was taken back to her cage and the next slut was brought out. The same treatment
  was given to her also. After the last slut pasted her test and taken back to
  her cage, the men said all of the whores pasted and are ready to be shipped.
  They made the payment we agreed to in cash and left.  
All was ready for the shipment to be made. That night, we gave all the sluts
  a good warm shower and extra Ensure to drink. We wanted to have one last gang
  bang with each slut and one by one, we fucked the living shit out of them.
  They were again locked in their cages for the night. The next morning, we decided
  to take one at a time so the rest of the whores wouldn't know what was happening
  and get her ready for shipment. The first one was brought out and taken to
  the shipping crete. The chair was already out and sitting next to it. The required
  large dildos were rammed in her pussy and ass and one in her mouth. We sat
  her on the chair and strapped her in it as tight as we could. She didn't have
  any room to move anything. Even her head was strapped tight against the head
  rest. She knew something was happening that was different. Before we picked
  her up to put her in the box, I said, "Today is the day you are being moved
  to your new Master. I don't know if he will keep you or sell you to another
  Master. It's not my job to know these things. All I know is you are being shipped
  overseas to your new home. I also don't know if you will ever see the other
  whores again either. You have been a great slut and whore and we will miss
  you BUT I'm sure you will have a new Master that will take care of you. Have
  a good life BITCH." We picked her up and placed her in the bottom
  of the box and screwed the chair to it. The breathing canister was turned on
  so she would have all the air needed for her trip and the lid was nailed down
  tight. We moved the crete to the other side of the room where the next whore
  couldn't see it. After all seven sluts were creted and ready, they were taken
  up the elevator for the first time since they were brought here and ready to
  be shipped. I made the required phone call and about an hour later, a large
  truck was at the gate.  
I checked to make sure it was the truck to pick up the whores and after all
  was checked, we drove to the garage. All seven sluts were picked up and placed
  in the back of the truck and the door was shut and locked. The driver said, "The
  delivery is complete and from this point on, you are no longer responsible
  for the 'Software'. I'll be looking forward to seeing you again in about five
  to six weeks." I said, "We should have another shipment ready by that time.
  Maybe we will have a larger load this next time." He drove out of the garage
  and out the gate. We now had to start over and find our next whores to train.
  We went back down to the main room and started making our next plans. We counted
  all the money we received and payment was made to each employee and all was
  good.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Randy the Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





