BDSM Library - Teasing Daddy's Cock




Teasing Daddy's Cock
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A handsome widower returns home to find his college-aged daughter in self-bondage. Both he and his daughter find themselves on the receiving end of excrutiating tease-tortures from his cruel Asian girlfriend and her wicked daughters.
TEASING DADDY'S COCK

Chapter 1

	Dan almost tripped on the white tennis shoe just inside his back door.
"Damn. Every time she comes to visit, I end up being the maid."

	"Not that I don't enjoy Michelle's summer visits," he thought as he bent
to pick up the second shoe, but she could at least give him a few days to get
used to her being in the house before she started being sloppy. He hadn't even
seen his sixteen-year-old daughter since she got off the plane, and already his
pristine home was becoming a teenage paradise. She was three days earlier than
expected, and he hadn't taken the time yet to kid-proof the house.

	A pair of slightly soiled gym socks littered the stairs, three steps
apart. He picked them up gingerly, catching the fragrance of teenage toes. Dan
stuffed them into his daughter's shoes, as he bent to pick up the wadded T-shirt
on the first landing. Faded jeans barred his path at the top of the stairs, and
he followed the trail of pink panties and bra down the hall.

	"I guess my girl's getting bigger," he thought, holding the lacy bra up
before him. "Seems like those cups were only an 'A' or 'B' year before last. Now
look, she's already wearing out a 'D' cup". He knocked on the door to her room,
and waited. No answer came, so he opened and tossed the clothes into a pile on
the bed. No daughter, no luggage. He wondered what was up. Probably out looking
for old friends.

	It had been a long day, and he needed a drink. His girlfriend was out of
town for going on the second, and the abstinence was getting on his nerves. Dan
whipped his tie came off, and dropped his sport coat across the back of the
couch on the way to the fridge. He pulled the handle on the antique Norge
upright and found three brown bottles with long necks gracing the inside of the
door. No twist tops for him, he thought, as he reached for the double-ended
church key on the arched top of the icebox. "Sheffcoat Paints" he read, thinking
of the old days when almost everyone you dealt with had a useful advertising
handout.

	He turned the bottle up and felt the first cold sip pass his lips when
the voice from upstairs called him, "Daddy. Daddy, aren't you coming? Don't you
want to see me?"

	Dan shoved the cap back onto the bottle with the palm of his hand and
slipped it back into the old Norge. Anxious to see Michelle for the first time
in nine months, he turned down the hall. "Daddy, I'm in here," she called. "I'm
in you and Mama's room."

	He and her mom hadn't been married since she was nine, but she still
insisted on calling the bed room theirs. Not that anyone soft and cuddly had
graced those pillows since his girlfriend, Fumiko, had gone to take that seminar
in Chicago. It would be another week until she returned. "Come and see me
Daddy," she called. Somehow her voice sounded deeper and more mature than he
remembered.

	Dan almost froze as he opened the door to his room. It wasn't just the
fact that she wore one of her mother's sexy gowns, or that the diaphanous
material clinging to her every curve and hollow left nothing of her voluptuous
young body to the imagination. Michelle was stretched wide across the white
chenille bedspread, chained in a classic spread-eagle position between the dark
walnut posts of his canopy bed. Under the white cotton canopy, a pair of steel
cuffs held each wrist, and a dark leather cuff held each ankle wide apart. Only
a pair of see-through panties pretended to protect her lightly furred feminine
mound.

	"Hi, Daddy, " she said cheerily. "How do I look?" He was too stunned to
speak. The fragrance of feminine arousal was strong in the air, and he fought to
remind himself the budding young beauty bound so helplessly to his bed was his
own sixteen year old daughter. There was plenty of slack in her chains, but she
posed, holding herself wider for him than the chains made her. It only made the
spread position that much more erotic.

	 "Do you like me like this? Am I really sexy?" Her voice was impetuous,
and she writhed suggestively as far as the chains would allow.  The tinkle and
jerk of the chains showed how truly helpless she really was. As Dan watched, his
daughter arched her back slightly, proudly displaying of her round and prominent
young breasts, so firm and buoyant in her youth, that the large mounds quivered
but remained erect even though she lay on her back. Sheer blue, material lost
its hold on the quivering slopes of a prominent mound, slipping slowly away like
a theater curtain to reveal a perfectly shaped breast of milky white girl flesh,
capped by a rose-pink nipple already semi-stiff with arousal.

	"What do you think you're doing?" Dan tried to put aside the fact that
she was blatantly trying to excite him, that he found his daughter beautiful and
highly arousing. But the impatient parent role was uncomfortable.

	"I've been waiting for you," Michelle pouted, " And you haven't said you
were glad to see me, yet."

	"No, I mean, what are you doing like that on my bed?" His eyes looked
around for the key to the hand cuffs.

	"The airlines. They lost my luggage-as usual-duh." Her language reverted
to typical teen for a moment. "So I was just looking in your closet for some of
Mommy's old clothes, and found these hand cuffs underneath. The leather ones
too. How come you saved all those gowns?

	"Anyway, there were these pictures of Mommy while she was handcuffed to
the bed just like this, and I wanted you to think I was as sexy as her. So I
fixed your camera on delay to take a picture of me. But then I was all chained
up and had to wait for you."

	Dan glanced to the tripod in the corner of his bedroom. There on the
floor below his auto-focus instant camera was a single print. He picked it up,
and stared at the beautifully clear picture of Michelle in spread-eagle bondage.
Her pretty face wore an exaggerated expression of teenage lust, and she was
thrusting her hips upward, obviously ready to receive a man.

	"Well, you can't do this," he said firmly, tossing the picture to the
dresser. It landed next to several of his treasured photos of his ex-wife she'd
found in the closet.  They showed his ex securely tied or bound in various
helpless positions. He retrieved the 8X10 of his delicious girlfriend, Fumiko,
from the waste basket, and tucked it into his sock drawer.  Lucky it hadn't been
broken. "Where did you put the keys?"

	"Right here," she said. Michelle arched slightly lifting her trim,
muscular tummy. She wriggled lewdly, making her breasts jiggle. The other side
of the gown fell away as she moved, exposing her other lush breast.

	"I had them pierced," she said, glancing down at her torso. For the
first time Dan noticed the tiny gold rings piercing her pert nipples. "They keep
me aroused all the time, and they're so sexy, don't you think?" The small chrome
handcuff key hung dangled from the ring on the nipple she had just exposed. He'd
have to actually remove the ring before he could use the key.

	"You won't tell Mommy will you?" Her expression changed from sultry
woman to little girl and back. Some little girl, he thought.  It was going to be
a long summer. He watched her pink tongue dart across full lips just a little
too red from her mother's old lipstick. Probably found it in the closet, too, he
thought. That color had gone out of fashion years before she began caring about
dressing up. "What are you going to do with me?"

	Dan's feet seemed to move of their own volition. "You can do anything
you want. I couldn't stop you." She jerked one handcuffed wrist meaningfully
against its short chain. "Anything. Anything at all."

	Suddenly, he shook his head, reminding himself the girl on the bed was
his daughter. He fought back the urgency of his erection growing in his pants.
He reached toward her pierced pink nipple, but only to remove the key from the
ring. His daughter's breast was soft and warm beneath his hand. He held it  only
firmly enough to remove the ring from her pierced nipple. 

	

	"Don't you want me?" she asked, her voice rising to a high pitch. His
hands shook a bit, feeling the firm softness of her breast beneath his fingers. 
The nipple was soft and tender, but immediately hardened to a  thick pointed
finger as he opened the ring and pulled it from her piercing.

	

	"No," he lied, desperately pushing the excitement between his legs into
the back of his mind. Her mother's nipples were like that too, he remembered. 
Perfectly round, and the color of a pink rose in the morning. How had he managed
to forget the way they darkened as they hardened with passion, elongating as
they shrunk and stiffened into thick, sensitive stalks.

     	Chrome locks fell open as he freed his daughter's wrists and unbuckled
her ankles. "Now go to your room and put your clothes back on. And stay out of
my closet."

     	Michelle hurried out, ego crushed by rejection. She stopped just outside
the doorway and angrily undressed.  A wad of blue lingerie shot by him to the
bed. In a flash of totally nude teenage beauty, she tossed her black hair from
her face and disappeared.

     	Dan picked up the pictures from his dresser, almost ready to rip up the
picture of Michelle spread helplessly across his bed. The air still smelled of
her female arousal and too much perfume as he stood looking at the photos. How
much she looked like her mother, he thought. Her breasts were not yet as large
as Marie's, but they were more firm, standing up higher in that bondage position
than Marie's. He remembered Marie's nipples being just as erect, softly rising
and falling with anticipation of being taken.

     	His mind flashed briefly across what he would have done to her mother
years ago, had he found her in a similar position. He stashed the pictures in
the back of the drawer.




Chapter 2



     	Later , soft music and candles set the mood in the little out-of-the-way
restaurant as they waited for desert. "Daddy, you didn't want me?" Michelle
asked. She adjusted her fork absent mindedly on the clean white table cloth. "I
wanted you so much this afternoon. It hurt my feelings when you didn't think I
was sexy."

     	"Darling," he confessed, "You are sexy. And very pretty, too. But I'm
your father."

     	"But I waited for hours, and I was so turned on. I still am, you know."
She tossed her unruly shock of black hair from her face, and turned her green
eyes on him. Her voice became confidential, and she leaned closer, putting her
hand on his arm. He couldn't help but notice her long nails were polished the
same out of fashion shade of bright red as her lips. "You know why it took me so
long to get ready?"

     	"I thought you were just cooling off," he said.

     	"Yes, sir. I was." She leaned even closer, pressing her soft breast
against his biceps. He knew instantly there was no bra under that pink T-shirt.
Her breath was warm in his ear, sending chill bumps down his neck. "But I wanted
you so much I had to masturbate. I kept thinking of you the whole time, wishing
it was your penis in me instead of my own silly fingers.

     	"And I couldn't really get satisfied by myself. I still have to have you
in me." Her voice became even softer, her breath even warmer. "I'll bet you're
real big, aren't you?"

     	Miraculously, the waiter arrived with apple pie al-la-mode, saving him
from having to reply. The sweet ice briefly soothed the tightness his hoarse dry
throat. "Daddy, my feet are so tired from walking through those stupid airports
all day, won't you rub them for me?"

     	Instantly, without waiting for a response, two tiny girl feet appeared
in his lap, sans socks. "I couldn't bear to put those dirty socks back on, and
my feet are so hot in my tennis shoes. Please rub them." She wriggled her toes
against his cock under the table cloth enthusiastically, causing his member to
swell involuntarily from the sensation.

     	Her feet were smooth and soft, almost as soft as her breasts, he
thought. And her toes look perfect with that red polish on their nails. She sat
primly, spooning small bites of her ice-cream and pie.  She wiped her mouth
daintily as he massaged her soft feet. Her soles moved slowly up and down
against his growing erection, rubbing exquisitely, and at the same time
innocently, against his thickening cock as she sipped the ice-cream. Both of
them pretended not to notice for long minutes as his erection hardened and began
to throb beneath her feet.

     	"Eat your ice-cream, Daddy. My feet are fine now, and your ice-cream is
melting and getting your pie crust all soggy." He reached absently for his plate
and spooned up a bite, hardly noticing the rich flavor. It could have been wet
paper. Even without his hands massaging her bare feet, she let them remain in
his lap, moving them slowly and rhythmically against his erection. He tried to
concentrate on finishing his desert. It was almost tasteless.

     	"I didn't wear any underpants either," Michelle commented. "Do you think
my luggage will be in tomorrow?" Dan shook his head affirmatively, fearing to
speak because of the tightness in his throat. By the time his plate was almost
finished, he was clenching his thighs together to keep from coming in his pants.
Just as he knew he couldn't hold back another second, Michelle squeezed his cock
one last time between her bare soles and pulled her feet away. Smiling smugly,
she bent to tie her shoes under the table.

     	"I liked doing that to you," she commented as she tied her laces. She
looked up through a fringe of dark bangs and smiled, reaching up into his lap.
The pretty dark haired sixteen-year-old raked her nails briefly across the
swollen bulge in his pants. "You were almost going to come, Daddy, I could feel
it. Don't you wish there were something you could do about it now, poor old
Daddy Doggie?

     	"Daddy. I wanted you to fuck me today. While I was all tied up. I was so
horny waiting for you to come in and see me all tied up and sexy.  I almost went
crazy from being so turned on. And I couldn't even touch myself while I waited.
My pussy was on fire, and I couldn't do anything about it. I waited hours for
you to see me and get all hard and horny, then take your big hard cock out and
fuck me." Her nails raked across his erection slowly. He felt her nails scraping
across every thread. "That's why I stopped before you could come. Mostly to show
you how I felt this afternoon, and maybe punish you just a little, too. I'm
still horny you know, and now you are too, so I guess that makes us even,
doesn't it."

     	As she finished tying, she stood and looked her stunned and hopelessly
aroused father in the eyes. "But we can make up for it later." Her jeans were
tight, and the seam below the zipper was squeezing high up between the outer
lips of her prominent mound. He watched her bottom swing in her tight blue jeans
as she stood and headed for the exit.

    

     	So, she thought it hadn't affected him to find her helplessly spread
eagle. And after her little cock teasing, he wanted her doubly bad. He pretended
to fiddle with his wallet and check book under the knowing smirk of the waiter,
hoping his erection would subside before he had to stand up.




Chapter 3



     	He'd had restless nights before, he remembered, as he tossed under the
covers. Somehow he had rejected her advances all evening, but the night was
wearing on, and sleep wouldn't come. He tucked the sheet around his bare chest,
and readjusted the band of his cotton pajamas at his waist. He normally slept in
the nude, but with Michelle in the house, he had pulled on a pair of loose
boxers, and they bothered him, too.

     	 No matter how he lay, his semi-hard erection bothered him. He was too
hot, then too cool. The pillow was lumpy, and the covers were binding. He just
couldn't sleep. Visions of Michelle writhing with desire, tied naked and
helpless across the bed he was now lying in, played continually in his head. A
trace of her perfume clung to the pillows. It seemed like hours had passed.

    

     	He reached for the picture of her spread-eagled on his bed and stared at
it, thinking of her hot breast in his palm, the look in her eyes as he
manipulated her nipple to remove the ring, the way the nipple had hardened under
his touch.  He stroked his cock slowly, almost ready to masturbate himself as
Michelle had confessed she had done earlier, when there was a sound of bare feet
tiptoeing down the hallway.  He barely had time to put the photo away.

     	"Daddy, I couldn't sleep. Could you?" Her voice was a whisper as she
stood profiled  by moonlight in the darkness. Silvery light filtered through
blue curtains. Her arms were folded across her slender tummy, as if she were
cold. It only served to press her mother's old negligee, against her body,
accenting the silhouette of her high, firm breasts. He wondered why he'd chosen
that one. It had been one of Marie's favorite ones to wear for getting things
started on their special nights.

    

     	Even in the darkness, he could see the glint of moonlight on the tiny
rings piercing the chubby stalk of her nipples. His eyes followed her slender
waist down to the dark "V" of fine, curly hairs. She hadn't put her dirty
panties back on, and she was visibly bare beneath the transparent gown . His
cock rose to full stiffness in appreciation.

     	"I want you to hug me," she pleaded in a little girl voice. "Can't I get
in with you?" He slipped back a little, and lifted the covers for her to climb
in. She turned her back to him and moved closer, pressing herself into his arms.

     	Dan knew he couldn't hide his excitement if she felt his rock hard
erection, so he slipped down to avoid touching her softly swelling bottom cheeks
with his shaft. Curled up as she was in his arms, it served to bring his aching
erection into direct contact with the bare soles of her feet. She wriggled her
soft toes, moving her soles against him. As she moved, his cock easily slipped
naked and erect from the opening of his boxers, and she squeezed her soles
firmly around it, snuggling even closer in his arms.

     	"Daddy," she whispered in the quiet darkness. The bare soles of her feet
were warm and soft against his naked cock. She moved them slowly up and down
over his rigid shaft.  He held her closely without moving. "You're not going to
come are you? You won't come will you?"

     	"Daddy, I'm glad I turn you on." Her feet were moving very slowly. "I
polished my toe nails just for you." She wriggled her toes and it tickled
underneath his heavy balls. He was quite swollen.

     	"They're red you know," she whispered, making his cock throb between her
slowly moving feet. He his mind worked overtime imagining her teenage feet, with
glistening red painted toe nails working his cock under the covers.

     	"Daddy, do you like it? I'm turning you on again, you know. I wish you
wanted me tied up. I won't stop you if you want to put those handcuffs on me
right now and just have me. Please?" He made no move to take his daughter, or to
move away. The numbers changed over and over on his digital clock.

     	Dan held still, almost ready to shoot as she petted him with her toes
and tiny feet. She took one of his hands and placed it around one soft breast
under the covers. The golden ring tickled his palm. He held perfectly still, his
come boiling in his testicles, so close to orgasm he'd come at the slightest
thrust of his cock against her. She was barely moving her soles against him. It
was more than enough to keep him on the brink, but not quite enough to make him
come.

     	"Don't come," she, continuing to minister to his cock, wriggling her
toes. "Just hold me, Daddy. Maybe tomorrow we can do it. Tomorrow you'll have to
tie me up and make love to me. You'll have to." She continued to massage his
erection gently, just barely moving, He held her tender breast softly as his
erection throbbed between her feet. She kept him teetering almost at the edge of
coming.

    

     	"Tomorrow, Daddy. Don't come tonight, OK? Do you promise?" The soft
toes, petting and masturbating him between her feet was so arousing, he wondered
how much longer he could hold back his juices. "Tomorrow I'll let you tie me up.
I hope you'll put your big old hard penis in me and fuck me for hours and hours
before you stop."

    

     	Then softly, as he teetered on the crumbling edge of orgasm, she softly
moved her feet away, leaving him painfully stiff and unrelieved. He realized she
had fallen asleep in his arms, leaving him with his hands full of sleeping
teenage girl flesh.   He smoothed his hand down her side to pet her firm, warm
bottom. His cock continued to throb inches from the warm moist pussy he wanted
so badly.




Chapter 4



     	He was home from work an hour later than he'd promised. He blamed it on
being unable to focus on the job. All day his mind kept replaying the breakfast
scene.

     	She was up before he was, and happily woke him with  breakfast in bed.
But tucked under the napkin was another instant photo of Michelle.

     	 Still dripping wet from her shower, with rivulets of water still
running between her deep cleavage, she was lifting dark, sharply erect nipples
toward the camera. She pouted her full lips for the lens, looking perfectly
sexy, but it was the brushed steel hand-cuffs locking her wrists together that
set his cock throbbing again.

     	"Put that in your pocket, Daddy," she suggested, kissing his cheek.
"Think of me today. You know what I want." And he had thought of her. All day.
And there was no doubt she'd be in bondage when he returned.

     	"Daddy!" The voice from the second floor was urgent. He tossed his coat
and tie to the kitchen chair as he passed, pulling the button of his shirt loose
as he bounded up the stairs.

     	"Daddy! Please hurry." She was stretched across the bed again, the
whites of her eyes rolled back. 

    

     	"Daddy, they hurt!" Spread eagle across the bed, her arms and legs were
pulled even wider and tighter that the way he had found her the first day.  A
dark silk kimono fanned across the covers beneath her, accenting her milky white
skin.  Her breasts jiggled softly as she writhed, making the shining steel
clamps pinching the thick reddened tips of her nipples flash.  "Take them off. 
Oh, please, Daddy, take them off."

    

     	"How long have you had them on?" he asked, watching a pair of shiny
clamps wiggle at the tips of her nipples.  His cock lurched in his pants, and he
adjusted himself with his palm.  He looked down at her, but made no move to
remove the shining clamps. A womanly musk fragrance told just how aroused she
was.

    

     	She looked up at him with big, wet eyes, surprised he hadn't rushed to
remove the merciless little clamps. "I asked how long you've had them on," he
demanded, giving one a flick with his forefinger.

    

     	"Uh, almost an hour, and they are hurting me.  You were late, and I
wanted to surprise you, and be all ready.  And they made me so horny at first, I
thought I could keep them on while I waited, so I left them on while I put the
cuffs on my ankles and wrists. And then they started to hurt me, but it was too
late because I was already chained up like this, and couldn't reach them
anymore. Then you were so late, and now they're driving me crazy.

    

     	"Oh, daddy, just take the cuffs off, and have your way with me. Remember
how horny I made you yesterday, and last night, and this morning?. I want you to
fuck me so bad, but first take these clamps off of my nipples."

    

     	"OK, Honey, you've finally convinced me. I think I will have my way with
you." She gasped in surprise at the unexpected stab of sudden pain as the flow
of blood returned back to a sensitive nipple tissue as clamp was released.  It
was her first time to wear clamps on her nipples.

    

     	He leaned and kissed the thick bud leaving it wet and slippery, then
played with it between a thumb and index finger, letting them slip over the wet
stalk.  It was as thick as his first fingertip

    

     	Dan toyed with her nipple until her eyes became slightly dreamy with
pleasure, then without warning, replaced the clamp on her nipple in a different
position. This time closer to the tip of the nipple, standing straight out from
her chest. Any movement would cause it to flop painfully from side to side.

    

     	"Hey! What! What are you doing," she gasped as her eyes flew open. "You
were supposed to take them off. That hurts my nipple even more that way."

    

     	"I know it does, darling, but you asked me to have my way with you.
Repositioning the clamps on a slave's nipples is a classic punishment," he
explained, removing the other clamp, and toying with the bud as he had the
other.  "Too bad you didn't know that."

    

     	"I'm not a slave. I'm your little girl, remember, and I don't need to be
punished!"  She twisted in her chains, trying to dislodge the first clamp, only
succeeding in making it hurt more. She glanced down at her daddy's wet fingers
tugging at her other nipple. It was cool and soothing.  She hoped he would keep
on toying with the slippery wet morsel, and not put the little clamp back on it.

    

     	"You're in chains aren't you? Her daddy smiled, toying with the tiny
gold ring piercing her thick nipple, "And you put the chains on yourself, right? 
You even took your picture twice like that, and even begged me to make love to
you in chains. So, you made yourself a slave, not me. Right?" She nodded. It was
the truth, she had placed the chains on herself.

    

     	"And you rummaged in my drawers, right? And then you even teased my cock
in a public place right? And last night you teased me until you fell asleep
leaving me horny, and intentionally tried to provoke me to stay home and have
you this morning instead of going to work." Michelle nodded again, trying not to
wiggle the clamp squeezing painfully on her nipple.  "So, you see, you do
deserve to be punished, and it seems to me that you've found a very good
punishment for me to use, without really meaning to. Although, I think I can
make it a bit more interesting with certain embellishments."

    

     	"But. Daddy, I just wanted you to have your way with me," she sniffed.
Her lower lip trembled a bit, and Dan almost changed his mind.  The nipple he
was toying with had thickened and stiffened into a tiny finger as hard as a
pencil eraser. He tugged it out a bit with the nipple ring, stretching the rosy
aureole and turning it slowly from side to side.

    

     	"Yes, Michelle, I think you're right, but my way right now has nothing
to do with what you want.  A slave has nothing to say about what happens to her,
particularly a chained slave.

    

     	"I am truly sorry to have to do this to you.  Please forgive me, but its
for your own good. I'm about to teach you a small lesson."  Michelle caught her
breath watching her Daddy open the clamp. He held it open for a moment, poised
over the sensitive stalk. She imagined her nipple quivering, withdrawing, trying
to will it to shrink away from the bite of the clamp.  He held the nipple in
place with the gold ring and  let the jaws close slowly on the very tip until it
was just as erect and painful as the other clamp was.   It bobbed a bit as he
released his grip on her breast.

    

     	"H-how long will I have to keep them on, Daddy?" She asked. Dan's cheek
only turned up in a smile. Leaving her in suspense was part of the lesson.  Each
passing minute would seem like an eternity as he kept her wondering how much
longer.

    

     	Dan reached to the head board and loosened her chains by several links. 
He lifted her torso slightly, moving her down the bed so that her arms were
stretched as tightly as possible.  Then he adjusted the chains on her ankles
again.  Her legs were open wide enough for her ankles to touch opposite corner
posts, and he removed all the slack from the chains, tightening them until her
cuffs were attached directly to the posts.  The long, bare toes she had teased
him with the night before were poised deliciously over the end of the bed. 

    

     	Dan raked his nails lightly up one helpless sole from heel to toe.
Michelle tried to jerk away, but there was no play at all. The cuffs held, and
her foot remained in place.

    

     	She made a shrill, inarticulate sound as her daddy continued to torment
her soles.  His nails worked over her soft instep and the ball of her foot,
making her strain at her bonds.

    

     	But her daddy wasn't fully satisfied. She could still wriggle her feet
from side to side, so Dan retrieved a length of cord from his closet, and tied
her big toes directly to the posts of the canopy bed.  With her feet anchored in
place, she could writhe and wriggle wildly, but her feet remained immobile.

    

     	"What are you doing, daddy?" Michelle asked.  She had never had her toes
tied or her feet strapped down for tickling before.

    

     	"You'll see," Dan smiled, raking one nail lightly across her arch. "Let
me see if you can move your feet."  She tried, but bonds held firm. 

    

     	"Good," he thought. "Now we're ready to really get started."

    

     	"You are so naughty," he chided as he began to build up slowly. "You are
so naughty, and now you are going to be punished.  You can't move your feet, can
you, so you'll just have to  take it like a big girl. And I see you are very
ticklish."  Michelle writhed enthusiastically, trying to escape as Dan began to
tickle faster.  The clamps on her nipples gave her little shocks of pain as her
breasts bounced while she tossed about.

    

     	"Gnaghhh! Daddy!  Please. Please! Oh, Daddy, please," she begged as Dan
worked over her soles.  He was patient, tickling her in earnest, giving her
meticulously formed strokes from heel to toe.  Because she was so widely spread,
he concentrated on one foot at a time, varying the pressure from long, delicate
trails that left her gasping, to rapid ten finger tickling that kept her
shrieking at the top of her lungs. When he finished with one foot, he moved to
begin torturing  the other, then returning to begin again.

    

     	"SS-Stop, oh please! You're driving me insane.  You're making me crazy,
daddy. Gaaaahhhh haaaa," she pleaded, unable to escape the tiniest stroke of his
fingers. Dan tickled his daughter's feet continuously, moving from one to the
other over and over, until she could barely catch her breath.  Her eyes were
wide, and tears flowed freely.

    

     	Finally, as she lay gasping for breath, Dan gave her a brief respite,
and stood looking down at her. Stretched almost rigidly between head board and
foot board, her young body was beautifully displayed. Her legs were spread quite
wide, from one side of the queen-sized bed to the other, and her tight, young
pussy was wide open. Wet, gasping, and aroused, he thought, and helpless to do
anything about it. And she wanted him to have her so badly.  How easy it would
be to  climb up between those creamy white thighs, and give her what she was
asking for.

    

     	He sat beside her and smoothed his palms over her soft breasts, thumbing
her turgid nipples. Then he continued up over cool rounded shoulders.  She was
so innocent and smooth, he thought, yet somehow blatantly erotic. He traced his
fingers down her soft, white arms from her elbows down through the smooth hollow
of her armpits to the padded ripple of ribs. Michelle flinched a as his fingers
prodded gently.

    

     	"Hooooo! That tickles, Daddy. Gaaaahhhh haaaa" She writhed under his
touch as he continued to stroke her armpits and ribs lightly, trying to kick her
way out of the cuffs. "Daaaadddddyyy! You're tickling me again. Haven't I been
punished enough yet?"

    

     	"Darling, I hate to tell you, but that wasn't the punishment, " He said
as he ran his hands down her soft flanks, feeling the firmness of the young
muscles under her skin.  "That was just to warm you up for the real lesson." 
His daughter's mound was prominent, bulging below her flat, smooth tummy.  Dan
placed his palm over the mound and began to massage gently, feeling the crisp
hair crinkle under his hand.  He felt her clitoris enlarge and swell, realizing
for the first time, that it must be as large, or maybe even larger, than her
mother's.

    

     	He'd missed that thickness of a woman's clitoris in his girlfriend,
Fumiko.  But he knew the diminutive oriental could be more cruel even than he in
teaching Michelle a lesson.  He had experienced first hand just how imaginative
her Japanese tortures could be.  He tried to be equally imaginative returning
the favor on Michele's account.

    

     	Her slender legs were widely splayed, and his fingers easily found the
"V" at the top, and combed leisurely through her bush, separating the fine brown
hairs away from her moist center. The head of her clit peeped through the lips. 
She gasped as he petted it lightly with his thumb. She was already slippery and
wet under his fingers before he separated her inner labia.

    

     	Her eyes closed slowly, then opened wide as his fingertips found her
inner slit, then dipped inside briefly, testing her heat.  His daughter was
ready. She'd been waiting for him for days, and her clitoris was already stiff
and sensitive, growing longer and more sensitive to his touch as he toyed with
the fat nub.

    

     	He remembered her mother had had a very large clitoris too, almost like
a small cock, big enough to hold with his fingers.  She'd always loved it when
he brought up moisture from her pussy and masturbated her slowly with the
slippery juice like it was a man's cock. Just as he expected, Michelle pursed
her lips and moaned with the pleasure of it as he wet her fat clitoris with her
own juices, and stroked it gently up and back. Maybe hers was even longer and
chubbier than her Mom's.

    

     	She arched up under his fingers, and a small, inarticulate sound passed
her lips.  She was getting hotter by the moment. Soon she'd reach orgasm when
ever he was ready to let her come.  Dan reached out and tugged at a nipple
clamp, thrumming her clit a little faster.  Pleasure and pain, he thought,  an
interesting mix. He reached to tug at the other nipple clamp.

    

     	"OOOOhhh, Daddy! That feels soooo good." He delved two fingertips barely
into her pussy as he continued to torment her nipple.  "Don't stop. Don't ever
stop!" She moaned through clenched teeth  and continued to thrust her hips
rhythmically against his fingers.  She was reacting well to the opposing
signals.

    

     	He played her like an instrument for quite a long time, letting her
balance on the edge of orgasm unable to go over. "Daddy, I need to come," she
pleaded as he teased her, "just a little harder.  Right there.  Come on! Daddy,
please come on!"

    

     	But her daddy wouldn't let her come.  He kept bringing her almost to the
surface, ready to burst her bubble, then letting her sink back again, gasping
for orgasm.  Like wave upon wave, he kept bringing her up, then pulling her
back, tantalizing her with the nearness of her relief, but not letting her have
it.  As he toyed with her between her legs, he leaned to kiss her breasts,
trailing soft kisses up and around the clamped, red nipples, then down her chest
and tummy.  His other hand stroked and squeezed her tender inner thighs,
lingering lightly over the smooth curves of her bottom cheeks.

    

     	Michelle was beyond words, mouthing strange lustful sounds.  She began
to writhe mindlessly, tossing her head from side to side, crying out each time
he brought her almost to orgasm but let it subside, refusing to let her come.
Until with a final brush against her clitoris, Dan pulled away.

    

     	She was so mindless with arousal, she didn't notice at first when he
went to the closet and brought out a thick vibrating dildo.  It took only a few
seconds of buzzing and prodding the bulbous head lightly into her vagina before
her eyes peeped open.

    

     	"Daddy, I need it so much," she moaned, "Give it to me, OK?"

    

     	"I know you do, honey. But you've been much too naughty.  I can't let
you have it, yet."  Dan only pressed in half an inch, letting her feel the thick
vibrating head. Then he plowed the nose of the dildo up briefly to let her feel
the instrument against her clitoris.  He tapped it gently, moving up and down
until she was moaning and writhing again.

    

     	"Please. Daddy, you're torturing me. Please, I've got to have it."  Her
eyes were wide, begging him for relief, but he smiled and continued to move the
instrument up and back, holding her on the verge of coming.

    

     	"No, darling, you can't have it.  You don't need it yet." 

    

     	"I do, I've got to come.  You're driving me crazy, and I really do need
it," she insisted.

    

     	"Michelle, you only want to come. You don't really need it.  Needing
will come later-much later." He kept using the vibrator to tease her, giving her
the first inkling of what her real punishment would be.

    

     	"W-What are you going to do, then," she asked, hoping it wasn't what she
thought.

    

     	"Nothing," her daddy said, "nothing at all.  I'm just going to let you
think about how you've acted."  He leaned and looped his belt around her thigh,
right below the fringe of her pussy hair, and buckled it tightly.  Then he
tucked the dildo under the belt, so that it barely touched her vagina. It
vibrated lightly against her outer lips, but would not enter.  No matter how she
moved her hips or tried to squeeze her legs together, it wouldn't touch her
inner lips or her clitoris.

    

     	"Daddy, don't!" this will drive me out of my mind. "You can't leave me
like this. Please!"

    

     	"Well, it won't make you crazy permanently, but I guess you will have
something to think about for a while," he said as he stood up. "Try to enjoy
yourself."

    

     	 "Will you at least take off the nipple clamps,"  she asked as he turned
to leave her lying on the bed alone.  Dan reached down and released one clamp. 
She gasped at the rush of blood, only a little better prepared this time. The
thick stalk throbbed.  She wished she could reach it and rub it.  Her daddy made
no move to touch the aching morsel.

    

     	"Thank you," she sighed in relief. "Now how about the other one?"  Dan
smiled mysteriously, and reached down to spread the fine hairs and pull back the
vaginal lips at the hood of her clitoris. 

    

     	"You don't seem to understand," he said, "All that was to teach you a
lesson. This is your punishment.  Remember how much you enjoyed teasing my cock
in public and keeping me horny for two days."  He fingered back the hood of her
clitoris, and pinched it out slightly. Suddenly she did understand. 

    

     	"Yiiiiiiii," she shrilled. "No, Daddy, You can't!" The tiny jaws clamped
down mercilessly anyway. 

    

     	She bucked and thrashed her hips, trying to toss it off without success.
"You'd better be still," he cautioned, thrumming her thick, excited clit until
she moaned with the passion of her highly teased arousal, "There are other
places for a clamp to be."

    

     	He stood and walked away.  Just before the door clicked shut, she
called, "How long, Daddy?" Click. "Daddy"?

    

     	Then she was alone with her  clamps and a vibrator that wouldn't quite
touch her enough.

    

     	

    

     	

    

     	Michelle was contrite for several days.  She and Dan did all the local
tourist things in the area.  He believed she'd learned her lesson.  Perhaps it
was all over and he could relax. If only Fumiko would hurry home.  There were
frustrations he needed to work out between the sheets with the tiny Japanese
woman.  Even if her breasts were small, and her clitoris not as large as
Michelle or her mother, her pussy was luxuriously tight and hungry for his cock.

    

     	"Hi, Daddy. You're home early." She was exuberantly bouncy as usual. He
tossed his coat over the familiar hook, and let her give him a hug.  It was
impossible to ignore the press of her large breasts against his chest as she
pressed herself to him.  "Come on in here, I've got a surprise for you."

    

     	The cake on the kitchen table was painstakingly decorated. He wondered
what special occasion it was.  She pushed him down on the kitchen stool, so fast
he almost fell off the back edge.  She still fluttering about excitedly.  "I
have to blindfold you for the surprise," she said, pulling a red scarf about his
face, "Now keep your hands by your sides. This is going to be good, so no
peeking."

    

     	Dan couldn't see a thing, but his senses seemed to sharpen.  He waited
patiently for his surprise. Acrid fumes of a match being struck, plates
clicking.  The silverware drawer rattled.   She placed something across his lap,
probably a napkin, and she did something behind the stool which he couldn't
quite figure out. 

    

     	The smell of fresh cake appeared under his nose, and she batted his
hands away so she could feed it to him herself .  Michelle lifted the lower edge
of the blindfold a bit to push the sweet bites into his mouth.  The cake was
moist and rich, she could certainly cook, he realized.  Almost as good as her
mother.

    

     	She hopped up into his lap, and hand fed the cake to him.  He managed to
gulp down two slices, with his daughter holding the bites to his mouth.  She
could even hold a glass of milk for him without spilling a drop.  Her voice was
muffled as they talked with her mouth full of cake. 

    

     	She kept him on the stool after the cake, and he could hear her fussing
about, doing this and that, as he waited. Finally, she said, "Now, Daddy, there
is just one more thing. Here, let me hold your hands."

    

     	Michelle pulled her daddy's hands up and over his head. He clasped his
fingers behind his head waiting.  He realized too late that things were not as
he'd expected.  The quick ratchet of handcuffs around his wrists brought him out
of his reverie. He tried to pull away, but too late. The handcuffs were attached
by a chain to the top rung of the stool.  It seemed she'd thought of everything,
for when he tried to stand, a loop had been placed around his waist, which she
quickly cinched tight, holding him to the seat of the stool.  With the blindfold
on, handcuffed, he couldn't resist as his daughter caught his ankles and pulled
them behind the back legs of the stool and clicked them into tight cuffs
connected to the top rung of the stool and his wrist cuffs.  In only a few
seconds, she'd tied him tightly to the seat of the stool, helplessly cuffed hand
and foot, and blindfolded too.

    

     	"What do you think you're doing!" he demanded. Her hands were already in
his lap, unbuckling his belt.  But there was nothing he could do about it as she
opened his fly and pulled out his cock. 

    

     	"Well, Daddy, there were some questions I want to ask you about the
other afternoon," she purred, "Remember how you treated me when you had me tied
up?  And you left me there for hours with my nipples feeling like they were on
fire? Well while I lay there, I had time to think.

    

     	"At first, I wanted to tie you up and tease you and make you beg to fuck
me.  But then I thought I'd better find out if there's some reason why you
really don't think I'm sexy, and I needed to make sure you stayed put so I could
get really good answers" There were small sounds he couldn't quite place.

    

     	He couldn't see Michelle because of the blindfold as she climbed back up
in his lap with her thighs astride his knees. His cock lolled out of his zipper,
hanging across his balls. He felt a twinge as she reached between them and
petted his soft cock until it was semi-hard.  His head began to swim somewhat.
Perhaps it was the nearness of her.

    

     	"Honey, I feel a bit strange...," his voice tapered off.  "Maybe you
should let me go this time."  His body was beginning to take on a warm, sensuous
feeling, and his cock unexpectedly surged up hard, even thought she had ceased
to pet it.

    

     	"Well, Daddy, you've been having such a hard time making love to me the
way I want you to, so I thought you might need some help.  You know that cake?
And that milk you drank with it?  Well one of my friends who is a nurse got me a
really powerful aphrodisiac called  XTAS-Z.  You just had a double dose."

    

     	"Honey! You didn't!" Dan was just beginning to realize the predicament
he was in.  He'd heard of the experimental drug, and knew he was in for quite a
ride. Tied to the stool, with a beautiful young girl in his lap would be one
thing, but tied while under the effects of XTAS-Z was another. Particularly when
the girl was looking for a bit of revenge for a punishment he'd given her only
days ago.

    

     	"Sure did, Daddy. Maybe way more than double" Was it his imagination
that her voice was becoming lower and huskier?  "And I ate it too. Not as much
as you, but enough to make me really horny already, and I can feel it starting
to make me wet already, so I know you can feel it."   Sure enough, his cock was
throbbing harder, even though she wasn't touching it yet.  He wished she would
pet it just a little.

    

     	She looked down at his super engorged cock and smiled. "The only problem
is that I can do something about it whenever I want to-unlike you." Michelle
leaned against him. Her soft breasts engulfed his face , almost smothering him
beneath the blindfold, and he suddenly realized she was naked in his lap.

    

     	"Oh, daddy, that makes your cock so big and hard!. I know you love it
when I mash my boobies all over your face like this.  I'll bet you even wish you
could stick your tongue out through that blindfold and lick my nipples.  Its too
bad you can't see how stiff and thick they're getting."  His daughter pressed
herself against his head and shoulders, squeezing her mammaries around his face
so that her nipples tickled his ears.

    

     	"And, Daddy, that aphrodisiac is really making me hornier and hornier. 
Its really getting to me.  I hope you wont mind if I masturbate myself."  The
back of Michelle's hand brushed constantly against the throbbing shaft of Dan's
cock as his daughter masturbated herself, and I drove him crazy.  With her
straddling his legs like she was, he couldn't thrust against her at all.  The
Drugs and the nearness of her drove him frantic.  He couldn't move to press his
cock into her, and the occasional light friction of her hand only excited him
more.

    

     	He groaned deep in the chasm of her cleavage, trying to catch his breath
to avoid being smothered by her ripe melons.  Michelle hooked her arm around his
neck and squeezed him tighter into her cleavage.  Dan sucked in hot, perfumed
air from between her bosoms, thick with pheromones of her excitement.  More than
anything he wanted to thrust his cock up into the slackness of her hot pussy. 
But he was helpless to reach it.

    

     	Michelle almost smothered her dad between her breasts as she reached
orgasm, moaning and rocking on his lap, with her fingers buried deep within
herself. Her thumb worked rapidly over her clitoris as she spent.  His head spun
as much from lack of air, as from the powerful XTAS-Z he had ingested.  His cock
felt a hundred timed bigger than it had ever been, aching and throbbing to be
made to spurt.  She rode her fingers inches from his cock, preferring to tease
him with her nearness rather than provide him with any satisfaction of his own.

    

     	After the surges of orgasm had washed over her and subsided somewhat,
Michelle pulled the blind fold from his eyes and slipped off his lap to her
knees.  He looked down at her, and she looked up into his eyes as she was
pulling his cock down into her mouth like a lollipop.  She sucked it slowly from
base to tip, letting the knob plop from her lips. Electricity shot through his
body as his cum surged in his balls. She gave the shaft a quick lick of her soft
tongue.

    

     	"Daddy, why don't you think I'm Sexy?" Her voice was soft and pouting,
teasing and petulant.  Soft fingers played lightly beneath his scrotum, causing
little lightning of lust to flash through his cock.

    

     	"Honey, I think you're very sexy.  You're beautiful!" He told the truth. 
Michelle was very beautiful, and in his drugged state, she was the most
beautiful, luscious woman he'd ever seen.  And her fingers were tickling his
swollen balls so nicely.

    

     	Michelle lifted the weight of a plump breast to her lips, and suckled
the long nipple until it stiffened and crinkled wetly.  She offered her breasts
to him, tweaking and twisting the aureoles in red painted nails.  His groan
echoed the surge of lust he felt in his balls.

    

     	She blew him a red lipped kiss, then bent and swallowed his knob once
more.  He watched her the back of her head sink down  as she gave shaft another
slow slurp from base to tip. The knob plopped from her lips, and she looked up
and smiled.  Her fingers continued to pet and fondle his balls. "But you don't
think I'm pretty?"

    

     	"Yes, baby, you're beautiful and pretty, too."  He groaned at the way
she was handling his scrotum.  Why wouldn't she stroke his cock?

    

     	She stick out her lower lip, pretending to pout. "But you don't want me,
though."

    

     	"Michelle, please," he groaned as she toyed with his balls, lifting,
kneading, tickling through the fine hairs underneath. "I do want you.  I want
you so bad, but..."

    

     	"Unh Unh, you don't.  You don't want me at all,"  she continued to pout
coyly.  She gave his cock one more slow suck, then began to draw delicate
patterns on the slick wet shaft with her finger tip.  She enjoyed driving him
crazy.  Tied and chained as he was, he couldn't get any leverage against the
stool to thrust against her.

    

     	"I need you! I need you so bad!"  She was driving him insane, and she
knew it.

    

     	"But daddy, how bad do you need me?"  She continued to taunt him and pet
his cock.  "I cant tell how bad you really want me.  Can you tell me?" She knelt
on the floor between his spread knees, playing with his cock, making him suffer
to have her.

    

     	"Honey! Please!"

    

     	"Please what, Daddy?" She pouted, the question was innocent, punctuated
by a wet lick under the knob of his cock.  She spread the wetness around his
knob with her finger tip. "What do you need?"

    

     	"I need you!" his voice was hoarse, "I need you so much."

    

     	"No you don't daddy. You don't need me, you just want to come, don't
you?  There's a big difference between really needing me and just wanting to
come. So which is it?"  She didn't wait for an answer, but went all the way down
on his cock, and sucked back to the tip with agonizing slowness.  As the
glistening knob popped free, she smiled up at him and smacked her lips, letting
her tongue dart out erotically and circle her wet open mouth. She took his slick
cock in her small fist and gave him a few slippery strokes.

    

     	"Michelle." He tried his best to sound sincere as she knelt below and
teased his cock. "Michelle, I really do need you."

    

     	"Need me daddy, Really need me or maybe only just want me a little?"

    

     	"I need you. I need you."  He was aching to thrust his cock up into her
hot mouth.  She smiled and pretended to go down on him again, but only gave his
knob a light kiss.  "Michelle, please!"

    

     	Her blue eyes brightened as she looked up and she giggled right into his
face. "Please what, Daddy?  What is it?" she asked, pretending not to understand
his situation.  He was chained and highly aroused.  She could do anything she
wanted, tease him any way she desired, and his cock could only throb helplessly
in mid-air until she decided to touch it.

    

     	"I need you, Michelle," he begged, "You're teasing me. I'm about to go
crazy to have you." 

    

     	"Poor baby daddy," she pouted up at him. "You don't need me."

    

     	"I really, really do. And you're making you need you more by toying with
my cock like that."  Her fingers were playing wet games around the slippery
sides of his shaft.

    

     	"Unh Unh, Daddy, you don't need me quite yet," she said, quoting what
he'd told her several days earlier when she was the helpless victim, "needing
comes much later---and I mean much, MUCH later."  Her blue eyes were wide enough
to fall into as she looked up at him. Her fingers made a fist around his cock
and slipped up and down once more. "You just want me to make you come, and I
just won't do it, will I?"

    

     	"Michelle?!!?" he was suddenly alarmed. 

    

     	"No, Daddy, I'm not going to make you come at all.  You'll have to fuck
me if you want to come, and I'm not going to let you do that just yet.  Maybe
tonight---or not even until tomorrow night --after I make you feel like you
really do need me-not just want me." She took time for another slow slurp on his
cock to wet it enough for her fist to move all slick and slippery over the
shaft.

    

     	"When you do get to fuck me, I'll be tied to the bed, just the way I
want it. Spread out wide, just like the other day," she continued, her voice
becoming low and sultry.  "My pussy will be wide open, and wet, waiting for you. 
I'll be helpless, and the drugs will be making me crazy for your cock. You'll be
insane to have me by then and you won't be able to do anything about either it
as you drive your cock into me and fuck me.  I can almost feel you deep inside
me now."

    

     	"Oh, daddy, that aphrodisiac is making me so horny, and I have to come
again.  Have you ever watched a girl masturbate?" She released his cock and
spread herself back on the floor beneath him.  "Do you want to watch me? Oh, I
forgot," she pouted in baby talk, "You don't have any choice, do you?"

    

     	Michelle propped her feet up on her father's knees and wriggled her bare
toes at him.  He could only look down helplessly as she spread her bare pussy
lips apart and delved into her open pussy. "Ooooh, Daddy," she moaned, it feels
soooo good!  Please come fuck me. "

    

     	Dan strained helplessly at his chains, his arms cuffed back behind his
head, and chained to his ankle cuffs.  He had no choice but to watch as his
daughter masturbated at his feet, begging him to fuck her, pleading for him to
come down and have her.  His cock was like a gun barrel, bobbing directly in
line between her legs aimed straight at the succulent center of her writhing
hips.  Under the effects of a more than double dose of the powerful drug, his
world became focused on nothing but Michelle's teasing masturbation.

    

     	 He willed his cock to bend down and reach for her, but it refused,
continuing to throb and ache untouched. "Fuck me Daddy!  Come on. Please! Come
fuck me," she begged and pleaded, knowing he couldn't, intentionally torturing
him.

    

     	She lifted her foot and began to brush his cock with her painted toe
nails. "Give me this.  Come give me this or I'll know you really don't need me."

    

     	"Michelle," he croaked, "OK honey, I'll give you what you want."  Her
toes played up and down his cock.  He wished it was enough to make him shoot.

    

     	"No, Daddy," she shook her head, "If you really need me as much as you
say you do, you'll come down here and fuck me now.  Right now."  She reached and
took his cock shaft between her soft soles, pumping him up and down.  He could
almost shoot between her feet.  She squeezed him tight as she began to come.  "I
said right now!"

    

     	"Daddy, I'm coming.  Come fuck me! Don't you want me?"  She arched her
back from the floor, lifting herself up by her feet around his cock.  Oh, daddy,
I'm coming, come and put your cock in me. "

    

     	His cock twitched between her soles as he watched her come.  Her breasts
bounced nicely, the nipples hard as rocks as she writhed at his feet.  He could
almost come.  Almost, until she suddenly removed her feet, and braced them
against his knees again, thighs splayed wide open.

    

     	"Naughty boy, Daddy," she chided as the delicious sensations of her
orgasm subsided, "I told you that you weren't allowed to come yet, and you were
trying to.  Naughty, naughty."

    

     	Michelle looked up into her daddy's glazed eyes, watching him pant in
his lust to have her.  She folded knees akimbo at his feet, and took his cock in
her hands, fondling his balls. Then reverting to baby talk, "That was so bad of
you. First you wouldn't come fuck me, and then you tried to spurt your juices
between my feet. So naughty and bad.

    

     	"So, what can I use as a proper punishment, Hmmm? How about a good, old
fashioned blow job?  You know, a really, really slow, languorous blow job where
I take hours and hours and never let you spurt even the smallest drop. And since
you're chained up like that, I can take my time can't I---just like you did with
me the other night."

    

     	She bent his cock down and engulfed it inch by inch, slowly into her
hot, moist mouth.  It seemed to take a wet eternity. When the single stroke was
finally over, she pulled free momentarily and looked up to unbutton his shirt. 
From a  pocket in the jeans she's tossed aside earlier, came two gleaming nipple
clamps.  His nipples were already erect enough to accept the clamps. As the jaws
closed, he hissed as the aphrodisiac translated the sharp pain into excruciating
pleasure.

    

     	"Daddy,  I once read a story about two women who tortured the
information out of a prisoner while he was chained up like this." She flicked
the nipple clamps back and forth absently as she talked. "They sucked him to the
brink of orgasm every fifteen minutes for eight hours without ever letting him
shoot. And he told them everything they wanted, just to be allowed to come.

    

     	"And, Daddy, that guy wasn't even under an aphrodisiac like you.  But
guess what, I'm going to do that to you anyway, right now, and there's nothing
you can do about it.  I'll bet that in a little while, you're going to wish you
had almost any kind information to confess."  Her fingers were gentle as she
bent his cock down to her red lips and kissed the tip of the knob. "Of course,
if you think of anything to confess that I might be interested in......"

    

     	He watched helplessly as she engulfed his cock into her hot mouth once
more.  Her tongue was magic, and she knew just how much pressure.




Chapter 5

     	It was hours later. Dan could hardly remain upright on the stool. "Want
more, Daddy," she asked, "Want me to suck you some more?"

    

     	Michelle acknowledged to herself that though she'd love to torment her
dad's cock for another hour, it was time to stop. She'd been starting him toward
the brink of orgasm, then stopping him at the last possible moment over and over
again, for hours. He was so turned on he was ready to fall off the stool
regardless that he was tied to it or not.

    

     	"Boys just wanna come, don't they," she pouted her full lips in his
glazed view. His cock plopped out of her mouth, and she let it bob in mid-air.
"Poor baby, daddy. Poor baby, wanna come, does he?" Dan only groaned.  He was
almost mindless from the several hours of tease torturing he'd endured.  The
double dose of XTAS-Z had made a sexually tortured beast of him.

    

     	"Sorry, daddy, that's too bad. If you really wanted to come, you would
have fucked me when you had the chance." Michelle watched him suffer impassively
while she fixed a glass of iced tea for herself and took a sip, waiting for her
father to realize she was no longer teasing his cock.   He lurched and jerked
for several minutes before he finally focused his eyes on the floor, then looked
up. He'd never needed an orgasm quite that bad.  What he'd do if he could reach
her!

    

     	Michelle already had phase two planned.  She'd make her father fuck her
if it killed them, and she wanted to be going insane herself with lust under the
aphrodisiac when he did.  The key to his handcuffs was on a bead chain necklace,
and she looped it about his neck.

    

     	 She cut another piece of the cake dosed with XTAS-Z and took a bite. 
For this phase, she wanted to be crazy for his cock.  As her daddy came to life,
mumbling to himself, she took the last bite, and cut herself another piece of
the drugged dessert.  She dripped an extra drop of the potion into her iced tea. 
Her pussy was already beginning to tingle and grow warmer. She knew she had just
enough time to get herself chained to the bed before the drug kicked in, and she
lost control of herself.

    

     	"Daddy?" Her voice was soft. "Daddy?"

    

     	Dan looked up, his eyes mindless with tortured lust.  "Hmmm? What?"

    

     	"Daddy. I'm going to go upstairs and spread myself across your bed with
those handcuffs.  The key is around your neck, and you can get loose.  Come up
and see me whenever you're ready to fuck me."  Dan jolted as she raked her nails
quickly up his cock one last time.

    

     	He licked his lips, watching her succulent cheeks swing as she walked
away. Then, he could hear her upstairs, getting things ready, as he struggled to
reach the chain around his neck and free his wrists. It took him a long time,
and several false starts, to get the key in the right position to unlock the
first cuff. He had just unlocked the second cuff when Fumiko opened the door to
the kitchen.

    

     	"Holy shit, Dan!" she gasped.  "Are you being robbed?" She rushed to
help him free his ankles.  Dan was so crazy with lust that he grabbed the little
oriental and dragged her to the floor with him as he went down.

    

     	"I need you Fumi," he choked, madly trying to rip the clothes from both
of them simultaneously. 

    

     	"Geez, Dan, I know you glad to see me, but don't tear my new clothes."
Still, she was in almost as big of a hurry as he was, and they found themselves
on the floor fucking like minks in seconds.

    

     	Her lightly haired pussy was mercifully hot and open for him. He buried
his cock to the hilt with no preliminaries, and tossed her small body about in 
his frenzy. She was small, but tautly muscled, riding him in return as
powerfully as he rode her. They used one another, he using her to sate his satyr
lust, as she used him to sate her own.

    

     	Dan was spurting his second load into Fumiko before they finally calmed
down enough to hear the plaintive voice from upstairs. "Daddy. Daddy are you
there? I'm all chained up waiting for you." The drug was working in her spread
eagle body and it was her turn to be helpless under its effects.

    

     	"I'll tell you while we do it one more time," Dan said keeping Fumiko
from jumping up.

    

     	"You want to do it again? Well, lets move to the couch at least, this
hard floor is killing my hips.  You hornier than I ever see you before." They
did move to the couch, and he explained, punctuated by hard thrusts into her
waiting pussy.  By the time he was finally sated, Michelle was sobbing for him
to please hurry. She'd taken a stronger dose of XTAS-Z than she'd given to him,
hoping to fulfill her fantasy of helpless arousal. But Dan and Fumiko let her
wait while Fumi worked the drug out of Dan's system 

    

     	It took forever for him to be satisfied. Four orgasms later, working out
his drugged lust on the body of his tiny girlfriend, as Dan explained between
thrusts, in the end, exhausted, he fell to sleep on the couch.

    

     	Fumi pulled free, struggling from under his bulk, and covered him with
an afghan.  She retrieved an ice cold beer from the fridge and sipped it slowly,
watching Dan sleep the sleep of the tortured..  Her slanted eyes arched
inscrutably.

    

     	Fumi finished her brew, ignoring the high pitched sobs of Dan's highly
aroused daughter.  It would do her good to learn her lesson once and for all. 
Fumiko opened a long rose box from the top shelf of Dan's cupboard, and
carefully removed a pair of feathers, each almost a foot and a half long..  The
quill was stiff and sharply pointed, while the ostrich plume soft and
luxuriously fluffy. She twirled the two feathers between index finger and thumb,
and headed up stairs There were lessons to be taught between midnight and
morning. It was bound to be a very, very slow night-for Dan's daughter.




     	Chapter 6

    

	Dan woke early, roused by the shuddering sobs of his daughter's tease
torture.  The morning light was just beginning to filter through the curtains as
he entered wearing only a pair of boxer under shorts.  He had always known
Fumiko was a consummate mistress of erotic interrogation and the reason for
Michelle's plaintive mewls became obvious as the door closed behind him. 

	Fumiko's dark capped nipples were hard knots of passion, showing how the
torture of the young girl was affecting her.  The fingers of one hand played
lightly between the hairless curves of her parted pussy lips.  Michelle, was
bound so that her ankles were pressed tightly against her buttocks and her knees
were pulled tightly against her shoulders.  The effect was to leave her pouting
teenage pussy humiliatingly exposed and framed between her heels.  As Fumiko
caressed her own pussy and clitoris, she gave the same delightful caressed to
Dan's daughter. 

	The only difference was that as Fumiko was timing Michele's orgasms with
her own.  As Fumiko approached orgasm, masturbating herself as nicely as
Michelle, she  waited until the moment before climax, then withdrew her fingers
from the girl's pussy.  In her most desperate moment, at the peak of her desire,
The Asian torturesses repeatedly frustrated the girl by forcing her to watch
Fumiko  climax as Michelle lay sobbing while her own slowly trickled away.

	"Oh Daddy," Michelle sobbed, barely above a whisper. Her voice was low
and cracked from pleading with Fumiko so many hours.   "I've got to cum or I
think  I'll die.  Please fuck me, or touch me -- or make her do it."  A sob
shook Michelle's teenage body as Fumiko grazed the tip of her clitoris with a
fingertip.

	"I don't think so, Michele," Dan said.  But his cock was having other
ideas.  The spread flower of his daughter's enflamed pussy was inviting, "You've
been much too naughty for that."  He sat on the edge of the bed beside Fumiko
and tweaked one of Michelle's turgid nipples that Fumiko was not currently
tormenting.

	Her gasp was encouraging, and her bonds held her perfectly helpless,
nicely available for anything he wanted to do to her. "Daddy, give it to me.  Oh
Daddy, give me your cock, please."  She tried to hump her pussy upward,
ineffectually, and Fumiko only slowed her pace to allow for the added sensations
of Dan's touch.  No orgasm was forthcoming for Michelle.  Nevertheless, Dan's
cock reached full hardness and soon poked its red head between the folds of his
boxer shorts.  Seeing it drove Michelle frantic.  If not for the ropes, she
would have instantly leapt up and impaled herself on her father's erection.

	"You want to really drive her wild, Danno?" chimed Fumiko.  "and do
something about that hard on you're sporting, too.  Michelle's eyes followed
Fumiko's hand down to Dan's cock, and watched her caressed it through his
shorts.

	"You know what to do, don't you?" said Dan.




Chapter 7

	Somewhere in the mid-afternoon, Fumiko opened the door for four
diminutive Oriental girls.  As the removed their coats and hung them on the hall
tree, then couldn't help but notice they were all dressed precisely the same. 
Straight cut black hair swung soft and free against the total neck collars of
their form fitting black leotards.  As Dan moved to greet them, they turned away
in unison, almost as a single act. Black gloved fingers worked deftly as each
unbound a black sash from her waists and re-folded it precisely. Only when they
had tied the black silk sashes across their eyes did they turn to greet him.
With the black masks in-place, only a glint of their black eyes could be seen
through the narrow eye slits, giving them an air of mystery and danger. Even
their lip gloss was of a darkened black hue, adding to their sinister aspect.

     	Fumiko smiled her inscrutable smile as Dan attempted to introduce
himself to his new guests.  Ignoring his words, the four girls converged
sinuously, as one person upon him.  He was amazed at the strength of their hands
as they turned them about and forced him to follow Fumiko up stairs to the room
aware Michelle lay bound.  It took the four girls only seconds to strip Dan
entirely naked and stretch his arms up high over his head to that hook he and
his wife had once used for their private torture sessions.

    

     	Dan looked around to find Fumiko.  She had evidently been quite busy
getting the room ready, but now had settled comfortably into a soft chair on the
side of the room.  Pot hot tea had appeared on the side stand and Fumiko sipped
slowly at the steaming brew as she watched the four girls ready Dan and his
daughter for what would apparently be an erotically deliberate torture. 
Michelle was blindfolded and gagged, already prepared for her torture, having
been positioned across the bed rather than down its length. Her wrists had been
stretched between posts at the head and foot of the bed. And cushions had been
placed beneath her head to raise her head up so that she could observe each and
every nuance of what was done to both she and to her father once the blindfolded
was removed.

    

     	Her heels had been pulled up against her soft white bottom cheeks, ropes
ran from her knees to opposite posts, spreading her creamy size impossibly wide. 
The stretch held her pink pussy open with the sparkling knob of her clitoris
fully exposed.  The four Oriental girls tied lengths of black rope around Dan's
ankles and his knees and tethered them to the railing of the bed frame so that
he was forced to stand tall along directly between Michelle's feet.  Arching his
torso forward as far as he could, Dan was able to brush his thighs across the
ends of her toes, but could not stretch himself far enough to allow him to touch
her waiting pussy with his cock.  He could come within a few scant inches but
could not reach quite far enough.  What ever the a four Oriental girls had in
mind, it would be an interesting torture.

    

     	Dan glanced back at Fumiko questioningly, but her only answer was that
mysterious and inscrutable smile, giving him no indication of what was to come. 
The four girls gave first Michelle and been Dan a close inspection ensuring
their bonds were sufficiently tight, been paired off.  Not a word had yet been
spoken between them that Dan could understand, only soft whispers in some
unknown Oriental tongue.  If Dan and the Michelle might have understood, they
would have been quite uneasy.  From beneath a white cloth on the dresser each
girl removed to long and pointed Quill feathers that had been hidden there.

    

     	The gasp escaped Michelle's lips as the blindfolded and gag were removed
and she saw the display of Quill feathers dancing before her eyes.  "Oh Daddy,
they're going to feather us," she cried.  "A move please don't let them feather
me.  I need to come so bad already."  And then her eyes widened to see her
father's erection growing huge between her feet, and that he was just as
helplessly bound as she was.  And then the feathering began.

    

     	Without a word or sound to give warning the four Oriental girls applied
to feathers to four helpless nipples.  With one masked torturess applying two
pointed Quill's to each of their victims' nipples, Dan and Michelle could only
watch as the others nipples hardened into sensitive buds of passion.

    

     	"This is an interesting torture," to Fumiko said from her chair at the
side room.  "Then always think that it is a woman who succumbs, to having her
breasts and nipples feathered.  Is always so interesting to watch a man's face
when he discovers that having his own nipples brushed arouses him as much or
more as it does the woman. The patient, I think you will understand in a short
while."  As the feathers played constantly over his chest,  clicking and
tickling at his nipples, just as they were clicking and tickling over Michelle's
breasts and nipples, his erection grew rigid and throbbed angrily.  As Dan
looked down, he could see the effects of the feathering on Michelle.  To her
pink pussy lips had darkened to a moist rose red, and the hood of her clitoris
had thickened and receded above the angry red point of her most sensitive woman
hood. 

    

     	As time wore on, the masked girls continued to concentrate their
feathers on the screaming sensitive nipples of father and daughter.  More than
once Dan felt his balls and cock contract to as if preparing for orgasm, but the
pressure and sensation of feathers was never enough to provide that final
stimulation.  He knew that Michelle was going through the same torment, for over
and over she had lifted her hips upward as if trying to receive a lover.  The
swollen inner lips clenched and quivered, but an orgasm wasn't permitted for her
either. 

    

     	Finally, both Dan and Michelle were straining toward each other enough
to permit Michelle's toes to reach her father's balls.  Dan's cock lurched at
the tenuous contact, and a sparkling tendril of pre-cum dribbled onto Michelle's
smooth pussy mound.  Fumiko's cup clinked on the saucer as she stood and moved
to the pair.  "Would either of you like to fuck the other one?" 

    

     	In unison, a matched pair of urgent pleas came from both father and
daughter.  "Well I suppose we could allow some contact," she smiled.  Musical
words passed between Fumi and the torturesses, smiles appeared under the masks. 
Finally, the girls untied Michelle's feet from her thighs, though leaving her
knees tied widely apart.  With that small concession, Michelle was able to inch
forward until her father's balls pulsed against her pussy.

    

     	"Go ahead, fuck him if you can," urged Fumiko.  The Masked torturess 	
giggled softly and began to play their feathers seemingly at random over the
bodies of the aroused pair.  The four drove the pair frantic as they tried to
touch one another.

	Michelle found she could reach her dad's cock with her feet, and began
to try to bend it downward toward her pussy.  It drove her mad, trying to get
that cock down low enough while a pair of feathers drilled insanely into the
opening of her vagina and all about her swollen clitoris.  Just as she got the
very knob into her pussy, the feathers began to work up and down her ribs,
making her howl with laughter and loose contact with Dan's cock.  As contact was
broken Dan's pair of oriental dominas found the sensitive areas below his balls
and twiddled it.  His cock lurched and drooled even as the other began to stroke
the pointed tips of her quills under his arm pits. 

	Laughing and howling with laughter, father and daughter struggled for
contact.  Several times they touched cock to pussy briefly, only to have it
spoiled by the maddening tickling.  Several times the knob of Dan's cock entered
Michelle's pussy only to have it twisted away in laughter. 

	The contact of her toes on his cock was marvelous.  Regardless of the
feathery stimulation around his balls, the soft urgency of his daughter's toes
pulling and pressing over his cock brought Dan dangerously close to cumming.

	"Come on, Fumi," Dan croaked.  "This is all I can stand of this game. 
Let's do something else."  Even as he spoke, he was thrusting into Michelle's
soft, crinkled soles, working himself toward blasting his sperm all over her
toes.

	Fumiko said a few quick words in that strange oriental tongue, drawing
laughter from the four teasers.  "So what made you think this was a game, Dan. 
You and Michelle can't seem to work things out by your selves.  I'd say this is
serious."  She stepped closer and kissed his mouth firmly, working her tongue
between his teeth.  "Very serious.  And there's not a damn thing you can do
about it is there?"

	She dug her sharp nails into one of his ultra-sensitive nipples and
twisted.  The pain effectively stifled his need to come for a moment.  "If I
asked you a question, you'd answer truthfully wouldn't you."  It wasn't a
question. 

	"Yes!" His body went rigid to ride out the pain.  He looked down at
Michelle's teenage body writhing before him, just out of his reach, and the need
to fuck her was overwhelming.  He felt his cock lurch and the boiling cum almost
blasted from his balls at the sight and touch of her tender feet.  One the girls
tease-torturing him quickly seized his cock and circled it so tightly with her
finger and thumb he yelped, thinking it was being cut off. His orgasm subsided
abruptly.

	"Satan's Squeeze, they call it," Fumiko informed him.  "It can be
applied over and over although it grows more painful each time.  I once tortured
a man to orgasm one hundred times during an interrogation without allowing him
to spill his milk even once.  I used Satan's Squeeze to prevent him from
achieving release.  His cock was in such agony on the hundred and first time
that he screamed and fainted when I finally forced him to spurt.  I advise you
not to cum without my express permission, understand?"

	"Yeah, sure," Dan agreed.  "I can do that."

	"Can you, now," Fumiko murmured.  A few short words to the four
torturesses and his ropes were adjusted so tightly he could barely reach the
floor with his toes.  Michelle was moved slightly so that her knees locked about
Dan's hips, with her calves tied together behind his back.  Her wet vagina
eagerly swallowed his cock to the root.  The ropes were tightened so that he
couldn't move a muscle, and her legs were locked so tightly they seemed welded
together.

	"Oh Daddy," Michelle moaned, her eyes rolling back in her head.  "Fuck
me!  Give me what I need."  Her hips went wild against his as the four girls
applied all their efforts to Michelle.  Her screaming orgasms rent the air,
bouncing off the walls as the four girls stimulated her teased body irresistibly
.  Dan felt like a human dildo, strung up so tightly he could apply no pressure. 
Not that he needed to, Michelle had gone into a world of her own.  The only
contact was her rippling, squeezing vagina, threatening to mash his cock to a
pulp, working his shaft over like a velvet steel mill inside of her. 

	Only Fumiko paid him any attention, "Not without my permission!" she
warned. "Or I'll torture you at my leisure." Fumiko  dropped a length thin silk
rope over the top of his cock.  She reached beneath him and tied it in a knot
beneath his balls and pulled the noose tight.  With the constricting rope
strangling his cum, the warning wasn't needed. 

	"Fuck me Daddy, Fuck me Daddy," Michelle chanted in her delirium.  Dan
felt the fingers of one of the girls buzzing over Michelle's clit, forcing her
to cum again and again, while two others kneaded her breasts and stretched her
nipples.  They squeezed her teenage breasts until the soft white flesh oozed
between their black gloved fingers.  The turgid nipples were hard and thickened,
but the tormentors pulled them inches out and twisted them around double. 
Instead of crying out in pain, Michelle squealed like a pig and came even more
forcibly.

	The fourth torturess stood behind Dan, tickling  his daughter's feet,
making her twist and writhe like a maniac on his shaft.  Fumiko gave the noose
about his cock and balls another jerk, tightening it even more.  Dan could feel
Michelle's fragrant juices dribbling down his balls, cooling him with their
slippery wetness.

	Fumiko laughed. "Wanna taste?" she said, dipping  up a few drops from
beneath the two and  bringing it to Dan's lips.  "Your daughter's cum,
refreshing isn't it after all you put her through?'

	"Fumiko, please," Dan begged.  "This is torture,"

	"A small torture just the same," Fumiko laughed.  "But there is a
surprise ending."  For another hour the four tortured orgasm after orgasm out of
the young girl, allowing her no respite.  Finally, she lay gasping and writhing
slowly on Dan's rock hard shaft. .  Eyes open but not seeing. 

	"Oh Daddy, please.  I can't cum any more! Fuck me Daddy," she moaned
incoherently.  She jerked occasionally showing there were still a few more
orgasms in her regardless of her protests.  Half an hour later she finally lay
still, but moaning his name, as satisfied as a girl can be.  Her legs flopped
loosely as the girls untied her ankles from his waist.  "Daddy!  Oh that was
good. Did you like it?  Did you cum?  Did you fuck my pussy and cum in me?"

	Dan's cum boiled and surged behind the silken noose, as his cock felt
the empty cool air touch his cock.  His eyes bulged as he looked at the sweat
drenched girl, smelling her fragrance and musk, and he could not touch her. 
Fumiko sat beside her and whispered.  "We didn't let him cum yet.  Do you want
him to, now."

	"Michelle's eyes flickered and half focused on him.  "Yes.  I mean no. 
I mean I want to make him cum.  Can I?"  Fumiko motioned slightly and the four
caused the bonds to disappear instantly from the teenager's arms and legs.  Dan
watched her massage the blood back into her limbs and sit up.  His cock was
precisely level with her pretty lips.

	"Do you want it Daddy?  Do you want me to suck you?"  She fondled his
balls and  loosened the black rope about his balls.  "Doesn't matter now, does
it?  I'm going to make you shoot and there's nothing you can do to stop it."

	"But I have hot given him permission," interjected Fumiko.  "If he cums,
I will torture him."  All six girls laughed at Dan's predicament.

	"Torture now, or torture later," Michelle laughed as she massaged his
swollen balls. "Or maybe both.  Anyway you're going to cum, Daddy.  You're going
to cum for me, and you won't be able to help it." 

	"Do not shoot." Fumiko folded her arms across her chest as Michelle
enveloped Dan's cock into her hot, sucking mouth.  The impetuous teen looked up
into his eyes mischievously as she vacuumed his cock in her hot mouth.

	"Cum, Cum, Cum," she laughed at the end of each stroke of her lips. 
Alternately she pulled away and fisted the slippery shaft rapidly.  "Do it,
Daddy.  Shoot for me.  Come on and shoot in my mouth. I want to see you shoot
for me."  She slurped noisily as Dan dangled in the air, stretched to the tips
of his toes and lashed at the knees to the bed. 

	"Do not dare to shoot," Fumiko intoned.  "You will scream in agony
beneath my fingers if you do."  Dan clenched and strained to hold his juices in. 
His eyes were screwed shut to avoid the lewd sight of his daughter's bobbing
head on his cock. 

	Finally, Michelle popped his cock from her lips.  She leaned forward and
squeezed his meat between her breasts, jiggling them up and down to make him
shoot. 

     	"Now Daddy. You're going to do it now.  You're going to cum for me now,
Daddy.  This is better than Mommy isn't it?  Am I as good as Mommy?" She was
cooing in a delightful little-girl voice that drove him wild.  Her soft titties
massaged him to the point of no return and his juices filled his pipes, ready to
erupt. "Did mommy let you fuck her titties like this?  Did you cum then, too. 
Cum for me Daddy."  He could squeeze no longer and gasped loudly in a cry of
frustration, release from torment, and sexual ecstasy. He threw his head back
and his hips forward as the dam burst and the hot white cum filled his cock.

    

	His gasp of release turned to a cry of pain and utter defeat as Michelle
jerked the noose closed about his cock and balls stopping abruptly him in
mid-orgasm. Just for good measure, she wound a few turns in a figure-eight
between his nuts.

	"You are lucky," said Fumiko sternly.  "You would have screamed long
tonight if she had not stopped you."  One of the four torturesses presented
Michelle with a thin riding crop, and motioned toward Dan's ass.

	"No please," Dan said to his daughter.  "Don't spank me."

	"Don't beg me," Michelle answered.  She gave a trial slash through the
air that showed she had a very good idea of how to use a crop.  "Beg her.  I
want to see you cum."  She assumed the position and provided  her father with a
perfectly horizontal stripe across both his butt cheeks. 

	"Beg her, I said."  Another perfectly measured stripe appeared an inch
below the first."  Dan begged. Fumiko refused.

	"Beg more, Daddy."  A third stripe appeared, crisscrossing the first
two. "Beg for your orgasm."

	"Fumiko please.  Please let her make me cum.  Please."  Fumiko looked
away stolidly as another stripe crossed the first three.  There was no where to
go, and his rock hard cock bounced nicely following each red stripe. "Please."

	Only after a baker's dozen did Fumiko relent.  "But I'm too tired now,"
Michelle answered petulantly as she untied the noose about Dan's erection.  "Can
your girls make him cum with those feathers?  Can they feather Daddy's cock to
orgasm?"

	"Certainly they can.  Would you like it fast or slow?"

	"Oh slow.  Very, very slowly.  Make him beg for it again.  Then
maybe..."  Michelle helped herself to a cup of tea as the four girls brought
their feathers to bear. 

	"Oh please Michelle,  make them make me cum.  This is hell!"  Dan
groaned and gasped as the professional teasers ministered to his cock.  It
swelled even harder than before.  "Fumiko, Michelle.  For heaven's sake, they're
torturing me."  Dan panted and clenched as eight feathers worked over his cock
and balls inching him by fractions toward an orgasm he was so desperate to
attain but could do nothing about.

	"Oh poor, poor Daddy. Come on now, Daddy.  Just look at your big hard
cock," Michelle taunted in her little girl voice. "You must like it, otherwise
your cock wouldn't be so hard.  From the way it's throbbing, you must be in
seventh heaven." 

	Slowly the girls teased him to the brink and held him there while
Michelle took her time finishing her tea, taunting him between her small sips. 
After a second cup, she sauntered toward him with the tease-torturesses making
way for her.  She climbed up on the bed and stood so that her smooth pussy
brushed his lips.

	"That tea was so good, but it made me wanna pee.  You know what I mean?" 
She hooked one knee behind his head and pulled him close.  The taste of her and
the feathers below made him kiss her pussy hard, pressing his tongue into her to
lap her sweet pussy.  "All kinds of sweet hot juice there, Daddy. That's one
kind. You were fucking it and made it all wet.  But now there's something new
and tastier.  Here have a taste."  With that, she clenched her pussy against his
open mouth and filled it with her teenage urine. 

	"Drink it, Daddy."  With the feathers driving him wild below, and Fumiko
fingernail torturing his nipples, he slurped madly, trying to gather every drop. 
"That's a good daddy, drink my pee-pee all gone. Then you can cum."  Her teasing
voice made him sip harder at the fountain of her pussy.

	"That was good.  I needed to pee so bad!"  With that she flopped back on
the bed and offered herself to him.  She reached for his cock with her toes and
squeezed him amidst the feathery torture. 

	"Wanna fuck? Come on and fuck me."  She spread her legs wide and
fingered her pussy open.  The girls giggled at his reaction. "Which is worse,
Daddy? Fucking and not being able to cum, or being allowed to cum but you can't
fuck? Poor, poor daddy, baby.  Poor baby."  As Dan watched, Michelle inched down
the bed toward him.  As she got close, the girls pressed his cock down so that
just the knob entered her pussy.  

	"Can he shoot this time, Fumiko?" Michelle asked as she concentrated on
milking his knob with the entrance to her vagina.  Fumiko nodded, but out of
Dan's sight. 

	"What did she say!" Dan asked urgently.  His cum was building again.

	"Doesn't matter what she said."  Michelle answered.  "You don't have any
choice in the matter, do you?"  She reached and pulled the rope woven about his
cock and balls free and tossed it aside. 

     	"No net," she smiled. "Now watch this.  I'm going to fake an orgasm but
You'll still be so turned on it will make you shoot.  Now don't forget I'm
faking this, OK?"  With only the knob of his cock in her pussy, and eight
feathers working over his shaft and balls, His daughter began to writhe and
plead on the mattress, seeming to cum and spasm in mock orgasm.

    

     	"Oh Daddy, Deeper!  Give it to me hard!"  Her voice taunted him with
baby talk, pleading for more of his shaft, even though she knew he couldn't. 
"Daddy, am I hot inside?  Am I wet enough? Then fuck me.  Fuck me Daddy."

    

     	"Suck my toes Daddy.  My soft toes."  She lifted her feet to his mouth
and felt his tongue lave between them.  "Kiss my little piggies.  Make me stay
home.  Oh Daddy fuck me and suck my toes."  If Dan could have given more than
the single inch he was allowed he would have driven it deep into her.  As it
was, his juices built slowly but inexorably to a crescendo.

    

     	"Come on Michelle, go further down on me!" He gasped around her
wriggling toes. He was going crazy, but was unable to fuck his daughter any
deeper.  She only laughed.

    

     	"Don't forget I'm faking.  I've already been satisfied-you haven't."

    

     	Fumiko was toying with his anus, slipping an oiled finger in and  out,
stretching the hole wider, making it slippery with oil.  "You want to fuck, Dan? 
How about this kind of fuck?"  Dan didn't see the dildo, but it felt big,
entering his slippery hole, twisting nicely.  Fumi worked it in deep, then
deftly worked it back out, pumping his ass deep and slow.  His cum was ready to
explode. 

    

     	With the dildo fucking him and Michelle twisting on his knob, the four
girls suddenly pulled their feathers back.  He lurched as Fumiko shoved the
dildo in especially deep.  His cock plopped free of his daughter's  pussy and
lurched against her waxed pubic mound.  Simultaneously Michelle hooked her heels
behind his shoulders and hunched against him so that his tortured balls pressed
into her vagina and his cock slipped deep into the juicy groove below her
clitoris.  Bubbling cum spurted into the air as she grasped his cock between her
thighs and rolled the  knob rhythmically against her tummy.  The slick juices
lubricated her thighs nicely and he pumped his load out over her soft slippery
abdomen.

    

     	"Very good, Daddy.  You cum so nice and hot."  Michelle turned to
Fumiko. 

    

     	"Can you make him cum again"

    

     	Fumiko twisted the dildo slowly about in his ass. "How many times?" His
erection was already stiffening.

    

       	To be continued???




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





