BDSM Library - What Are Friends For




What Are Friends For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Scott, part of a group of 20 something friends, is roped into being the slave for 3 females of the group, and their trip to the cities BDSM nightclub. WHAT ARE FRIENDS FOR- SCOTT'S NIGHT OF SLAVERY  
NOTE, this story is strictly a work of fiction for Adults only  ,
  to be used only for personal reading and reproduction and is in no part authorized
  in any way for commercial publication or use.....................  
Scott counted himself lucky he had a large circle of friends. Most of them
  he'd met in college, others through work, some through mutual friends, they
  now formed one big group of 20 something's. It wasn't just single guys either,
  there were single girls too and some couples. Many of them lived near each
  other, saw each other very often, barbecued together, went out together. It
  was his social, business and emotional support group. One thing people in the
  group didn't generally do was date or become romantically involved with each
  other. That would make for jealousies and competition among friends and then
  there would be the fallout at the break up and people choosing sides etc. Even
  if there were some romantic feelings here and there, people sought their girlfriends,
  boyfriends, and romances outside the group, it was just safer that way.  
Three of the girls in Scott's group of friends were Kary, Ginger and Jenny.
  He'd known Kary the longest ever since she'd been the one time girlfriend of
  his best friend Steve. In college Kary was into competitive gymnastics and
  figure skating. Now at age 26 she sold real estate, kept her athletic frame
  in tip top shape with regular workouts, and was known for her particularly
  pretty face, models smile, striking blue eyes, and charisma. Scott had met
  24 year old Ginger about 3 years before through a work assignment. Her naturally
  red (actually kind of burning copper color) hair assured that she stood out
  in every crowd, which she would anyway with her big green eyes, compact little
  body and enthusiastic personality. Ginger had done some modeling but despite
  her striking looks and sexy body was just too short for fashion modeling. Words
  people used to describe her were dynamite, hot as a fire cracker, little volcano.
  Jenny was the youngest of the 3 at age 22. Originally a real estate friend
  of Kary's she was tall, slender, blond, and a great volleyball player.  
Scott had just recently returned from a trip out of town during which the
  3 girls had been looking in on Scotts house for him. Scott had noticed some
  strange things upon his return......like... someone seemed to have gone through
  his computer files....and he noted the cabinet drawer he usually kept locked
  was open while he was away....the cabinet where he kept his secret stash of
  submissive B&amp;D and S&amp;M material and writings...the rest being on his
  computer. None of his friends knew of his interest in B&amp;D and S&amp;M or
  in his desire to be the submissive....and he sure didn't want them to know!  
Now that he was back he met the 3 girls at his house. Kary, Ginger and Jenny
  grinned at him eyes shining, white toothed smiles glowing.  
"We know your secret."  
"Yeah....sure...ah...what secret's that?" Scott replied feeling the first
  twinges of panic in his stomach, his heart beginning to pound.  
"Oh.....don't even bother to deny it.....we read all your B&amp;D fantasies.....
  and down loaded them onto disk.....everyone of them," Kary replied.  
"Yeah.......," Ginger recited from memory......  
"He walked into the chamber.... naked, chains tinkling, before dropping to
  his knees so his mistress could wield the paddle against his taut burning ass'.  
Not only read them! But memorized them!...... Scott knew mortified.  
"So now we can go to Club Erotique," Kary continued.  
"Because now we have a male slave."  
Scott whirled around. He knew the girls had been dying to go to Club Erotique,
  the hottest and kinkiest night club in town for about a year, but unattached
  hetro women could only get in if they brought along someone as a male slave....and
  the girls could never get any of the guys in the group to do it.  
"Now hold on....." Scott began.  
"I'm not going to....."  
"Yes...... you are going to," Ginger demanded.  
"Or....... we can just tell all our friends about your secret and pass out
  your fantasies to each of them," Kary chimed in, grinning, her striking blue
  eyes locking with his.  
"I'm sure you'll live it down....in say....never!"  
The girls giggled.  
"Of course.....we don't want to do that. We only want to go to club Erotique.....Besides
  you only have to play a slave..... and its just for one night....none of the
  other guys are interested in that stuff.....and your perfect for it."  
The 3 of them looked at him with their most persuasive and flattering smiles.
  What else could he do?  
 _______________________________________________  
The matter settled and the day being a Saturday they could go to the club
  that night and met later in the afternoon back at Scott's house so the girls
  could plan what clothes they'd wear. They each arrived with bags, giggly and
  excited. Ginger already had on her 'dom girl' pants....soft black leather that
  molded her firm little legs and hot ass perfectly. Once the girls had all got
  seated in the living room sipping some ice tea and pop they decided Scott's
  attire for the night should be the first order of business.  
"Lets see what we have to work with," Kary began, as he stood by the coffee
  table in front of them.  
"Get out of your clothes and get naked for us," her eyes danced merrily above
  the rim of her glass, seeming to enjoy his look of shock. Scott heard Jenny
  giggle.  
"What.......!" he managed to croak.  
"Well its not like we all haven't seen you.... almost naked.... before....all
  summer....on trips....we've known each other for years."  
"Kary....I don't think seeing someone in a skimpy bathing suit.....or wrapped
  in a towel is the same as naked."  
"Well that doesn't matter....... you know your playing a slave.......and
  nudity..... is.... required...your the one that writes about it all the time
  for Pete's sake.....So stop wasting time."  
"Yeah....that's right," Ginger joined in forcefully, scrunching up her beautiful
  face to try and look fierce.  
"Strip..... mister......NOW."  
Scott felt as if he were in a dream.....or one of his fantasies, he felt
  heat rising to his face, his heart pounding in his chest, as all 3 staring
  at him, with a trembling hand he began to unbutton his shirt. He continued
  to undress getting out of his jeans, briefs and loafers, until he stood naked
  before them. The air itself seemed to be prickling his bare body all over,
  his nipples tightening the utmost on his smooth chest. He knew he had a good
  body, lightly muscled and slender but athletic, no fat to speak of. He was
  surprised and not surprised to realize he was standing with his shoulders back
  and abdomen sucked in so he'd look his best for them, and while he was thoroughly
  humiliated at the rampant erection he was sporting, perversely he was also
  glad it was there so they could see it. He kept his eyes away from there's
  as he stood there, his face burning. Humiliatingly, he felt a flash of pride
  that none of them made any negative comments about his body, but that made
  his cheeks burn even more. When he did look down their faces looked flushed
  and excited. Ginger and Jenny were whispering to each other and giggling, mostly
  looking at his up standing erection.  
"Turn around........slowly..." Kary said, and he did so, so they could examine
  his ass his face burning anew.  
"Well........" Kary said,  
"Lets get started."  
Jenny and Kary had done some shopping earlier, and the first thing they pulled
  out was a wide black leather collar that they clapped around Scotts neck. It
  was a dog collar with reinforced silver grommets attached to it. They debated
  how close it should fit, cinching it so tight they had Scott coughing, until
  settling on the tightest setting where he could breath comfortably. Then Jenny
  pulled from a bag some black leather wrist and ankle cuffs. Kary and Jenny
  had trouble undoing the straps, getting them on his ankles, and when Scott
  bent over to see, Ginger stopped him with a sharp slap to his resilient buttocks.  
"Uh....Uh slave boy stand up straight..... and stay still."  
The girls got the cuffs on without his help. Ginger looked thoughtfully at
  a scrap of material she held. She stretched it out. It was a male black g-string.  
"Do you think it'll fit" Jenny asked.  
"It will....... if he can get it over.... that," Ginger pointed at his erection,
  both of them dissolving into giggles.  
Scotts face burned red again. The tiny scrap was thrown to him. Just a little
  triangle of nylon and lycra, a waist band, and a string to go up the crack
  of his ass. Carefully Scott got into it, having to bend his erection painfully,
  but once in it, it seemed to fit like a glove, a black pouch just covering
  his genitals, a black band around his sleek waist and a barely visible one
  between the cheeks of his otherwise totally bare ass.  
The girls had purchased other possible outfits, but agreed that since his
  athletic youthful body looked great, and his belly was flat and hard and the
  g-string was a perfect fit, setting off his developed thighs and accenting
  his bare torso, they were making good progress. Jenny came over with a small
  box taking out 2 small baubles.  
"Do you think he has sensitive nipples" she asked smiling mischievously as
  Scott stood there, handing one to Ginger.  
"Of course he does" Ginger grinned........look.... they haven't gotten soft
  yet.... and the sensitive nipple theme is in almost all his fantasies."  
Scott gasped as the first clamp bit into his nipple and then again as the
  second one went on. The nipple clamps were not that painful, but you certainly
  knew they were there. From the extended end of each dangled a little black
  tassel.  
The girls stepped back to take in the effect.  
"Woo....hoo" Ginger exclaimed clapping.  
"Perfect" said Jenny.  
"I agree..." Kary added walking around him.  
"Well....... Scott has his outfit."  
"What....!"  
"I can't go like this................I...I'm...naked......and with....the...these
  on my nipples. I can't go in public like this.....to a night club...........I'd
  be seen...I could be recognized."  
Kary lit up a cigarette, coolly regarding him.  
"Your not naked......your nearly naked.....and the nipple clamps are perfect...
  they set the whole thing off.....and they'll help you keep turned on....the
  part about being recognized might be a problem....maybe we can get you a mask
  or something......but 'that' is exactly how your going to the night club and
  out in public.....period.....and you better not argue about it...... ruin our
  time....... or embarrass us there....or you'll be sorry."  
"She's right baby," Ginger said slapping his bare ass casually.  
"Now what do you girls think about 'our' outfits."  
 __________________________________________  
Scott was allowed to get out of his 'outfit' and dress while Kary, Jenny
  and Ginger decided what they would wear. In the end they decided on Ginger's
  look for all 3 of them. Black form fitting patent leather pants, black high
  heel boots, and the top of their choice. Then it was just a matter of waiting
  for that night.  
Never it seemed to Scott did an afternoon pass so slowly or so quickly. He
  must have thought 100 times of some way to try and get out of it, and then
  thought if he even should. There was no doubt it was exciting, and that he
  was in a fog of sexual anticipation the rest of the day. After all, this was
  his fantasies coming true, but they was coming true with Jenny, Ginger, and
  Kary....... his good friends, and they now knew all his fantasies, his inner
  most private thoughts, what would they think of him? What would their relationship
  be like after this, could he trust them not to tell all the rest of their circle
  of friends of his submissive desires... and then fantasies weren't supposed
  to come true..... were they?  
Kary must have called him 6 times to remind him to be ready, then it was
  8:30 and the girls began arriving. Scott answered the door wearing his robe
  over his 'outfit'. Ginger was first to arrive and although all 3 of them looked
  hot, she looked hottest. Besides packing her tight little body into the glove
  like sexy pants, she wore spiked heeled black expensive boots, a low cut see
  through white blouse with a black half bra clearly visible beneath, had expertly
  applied make up to look sexy, bordering on savage, and had teased her natural
  copper hair into flame framing her face. Her little demi bra only covered the
  bottoms of her sleek little breasts and barely the nipples. Scott had never
  seen her looking so hot, her perfume so intoxicating. His cock, like any males
  cock would have, automatically hardened at the mere sight of her.  
Kary and Jenny arrived together. Kary being the most concerned about how
  she looked, repeatedly asked if she looked ok in the form fitting kid leather
  pants stretched taut across her hip bones and flat belly and over her well
  built, well developed gymnast's ass. On her top half she wore a black and red
  corset pulled tight, accenting her tiny waist, pushing her breasts together
  and up, making an even nicer cleavage than usual, and leaving her sleek stomach
  and sexy navel bare, showing off her well muscled abs. Everyone's reply to
  her was ........she looked great.  
The soft black leather was stretched so taut over Jenny's hips and indented
  belly, that the points of her hip bones were 2 of the post prominent points
  on her slender body, the other being her stiff nipples beneath a matching black
  tube top that covered her high set breasts, leaving the rest of her pale torso
  completely bare, except for a little bolero jacket she could take on and off.
  She alone wore black spiked heeled sandals instead of boots.  
Scott noted all three girls were excited and giddy, gushing and talking and
  couldn't seem to keep still. They all wanted to have at least one wine or drink
  before they went.  
"Well..... are we really going to do this" Kary said by way of a toast holding
  up her glass.  
"Damn right" Ginger replied clinking her glass with Kary's.  
"Right on" Jenny joined in.  
Then they went back to animatedly talking about each others make up, hair,
  finger nail color. Scott felt he was forgotten, till Jenny asked........  
"And what about our star of the evening.... how's our slave boy, how's your
  outfit?"  
"Yeah...... come on...... lets see you.....in it, " Ginger teased.  
All eyes turned to him. Scott hesitated.  
"You do have it on.......we haven't much time.....if your not ready...." Kary
  blurted, managing to look concerned and angry at the same time.  
"Yes......yes," Scott replied.  
"Well......!" she demanded.  
Scott removed the robe standing before them in just the black g-string, matching
  ankle and wrist cuffs and dog collar. All talking ceased, their eyes roaming
  up and down his sleek nearly naked body. Scott felt his cock stiffen under
  the g-string, his bare body burning as he felt his 3 friends eyes gliding over
  him, taking in his body for their night out. Suddenly the sense of exposure
  and embarrassment was too much.  
"Look I...I...can't...do...this.....I don't look......." he stammered.  
"Shishhhh.........yes you can" Kary said soothingly, coming to him, resting
  a hand on his smooth chest, planting a kiss on his cheek.  
"You look excellent.....just like a slave should........you'll make us look
  good."  
"Yeah...." Ginger said sincerely ....."you look as good as a guy model in
  a Calvin Kline ad."  
"Perfect," Jenny added.  
"And if not for you...... none of us could be going."  
"Give him have a drink so he'll feel better" Ginger said.  
"Slaves don't drink" Jenny admonished.  
"We don't want him intoxicated Ginger......we want him to be 'in' to it"  
"Well, half a drink, then."  
As Scott sipped half a drink with a slightly trembling hand he looked at
  the 3 beautiful girls trying to steady himself.  
"Look.....I'm.....I'm.... only going to be playing a slave....right?"  
"Ah... huh......" Kary nodded.  
"And no ones going to know about this?"  
"No one....it'll be absolutely secret between the 4 of us."  
"And I don't have to do anything..........anything....too...... weird."  
"Right......not.... too.... weird...but....You have to do a good job at being
  our slave.......you can't embarrass us or make us look like we don't know what
  we're doing......you have to do your best......or the deals off and your secrets
  out."  
"Damn right........and we'll kick your ass on top of that too," Ginger said,
  jokingly.  
A deal of a kind made, they all clinked glasses and finished their drinks.  
The girls gave Scott a little eye mask of the Lone Ranger type to obscure
  his identity somewhat. Jenny had just started to ask......  
"Hey... what about....." when Kary came back downstairs from Scotts bedroom.  
"These" she replied holding the 2 nipple clamps in her palm.  
"A little something you forgot while getting dressed...or undressed.... for
  tonight" Kary smirked.  
Smiling lasciviously, she boldly glided her finger nails over Scotts hairless
  chest and nipples teasing the 2 stiff points with her fingers until despite
  himself he began to squirm, before applying a clamp to one nipple and then
  the other making him gasp. Scotts cock was fully erect under the constricting
  g-string now and he knew it was already starting to leak pre come, he was beginning
  to perspire even though it was cool and .......they hadn't even left the house
  yet!  
"Ok lets get going."  
Jenny pulled a dog leash out of her purse approaching Scott with it.  
"Oh....no..." he backed away shaking his head.  
"Oh yes" Jenny said ignoring him, clipping the leash to one of the grommets
  on his collar tugging him toward the door.  
"Wait....." Scott tried to delay as much as possible.  
"Er....what about... my...my... shoes."  
"Slaves don't wear shoes" Jenny said merrily over her shoulder.  
"That's right!" Ginger added slapping him hard on his bare ass helping propel
  him thorough the door, just as Kary threw a rain coat over his shoulders, and
  with that they were on their way.  
 _____________________________________  
When they pulled up in front of the club Scott was mortified and Kary was
  worried.....a fully and conservatively dressed doorman and female valet attendant
  awaited them at the entrance. Scott was mostly covered by the trench coat but
  still wore a dog collar and leash, none of the girls had brought over coats
  and the 4 of them stood uncomfortably on the sidewalk dressed as they were.
  Inside the club however even from the entrance area they could see a fair amount
  of bare skin, and Scott breathed a sigh of relief........at least until the
  rain coat was taken from him! Then, after Scott was reminded again not to dare
  make them look bad and to act like a good slave, with Kary tugging on the leash
  the 4 of them proceeded into the club. Ginger and Jenny crowded close to him
  on each side and it occurred to him that they had been as nervous as he, since
  they'd never been here or done anything like this before.......except they
  weren't completely naked, but for a g-string and restraints with clamps on
  their nipples, wearing a dog collar and being led on a leash...Scott thought!  
Inside the club was big. Scott felt carpet under his feet. The lighting was
  dim but there were a lot of bright areas. There were bars, 3-4 stages, tables,
  couches and chairs arranged here and there. Music played and there appeared
  to be a dance floor in one corner. Scott would guess about 400 people were
  present, about 200 of them in some type of erotic garb, 100 of them just about
  as nearly nude as he. The space seemed to have a lot of risers and levels so
  everything was hard to see at once. The place was luxurious and upscale. Knots
  of people were gathered near the stages but most seemed to be strolling around
  showing off their fetish ware or with a submissive in tow.  
"Cool" said Ginger.  
"Yeah.........." Jenny and Kary replied.  
Apparently the place was just what they hoped.  
It was decided that they should walk around. When he attempted to suggest
  otherwise Ginger reminded Scott with a resounding slap on his bare buttocks
  that 'what slaves want doesn't matter'. Before they started Kary removed the
  clamps from Scotts nipples, they had really started hurting, and tears flooded
  Scotts eyes as the pain from the blood flowing back into them hit him. Scott
  knew his nipples would now be the most sensitive they'd ever been, and tingling
  and sticking out stiffly they seemed to lead the way as Kary tugged him along
  on the leash.  
As they walked Scott noticed that the other people, both male and female,
  being led around on leashes like he, weren't just walking but strutting, obviously
  parading themselves, or being paraded. Some were quite stunning......girls
  in nothing but the slightest string bikini's, other draped with glittering
  chains. Ginger picked up on it too.  
"He's not walking right."  
"Yeah, what can we do about it" Jenny asked.  
"I'm walking right" Scott muttered, hoping they'd forget it, trying and failing
  to ignore the insistent tugging on the tight collar round his neck.  
"Well, they gave us these" Ginger said.  
In the entrance area, the girls had each got a plastic rod with an electronic
  handle. Scott wasn't offered one. Ginger turned hers on and it glowed brightly
  purple....it was a fully charged static shocking wand. Ginger pushed its tip
  into her palm.  
"I...Eeeeee!"  
She jumped, yanking her hand away, shaking it.  
"That really smarts!....... This should work."  
She touched the wand to Scotts right buttock.  
"Eee...Ow!" Scott jumped at the crackling shock. It felt like sharp nettles
  had just been slammed into his bare ass.  
"Walk with your shoulders back.....head up."  
Jenny shocked his left buttock.  
"Owww...!" Scott screamed dancing his ass to the right.  
"Suck in that flat belly" she demanded.  
Then it was Ginger on the right.  
"Graceful steps one foot in front of the other."  
"Ow...ow... stop it...... That hurts!" Scott said twisting around as the
  girls dissolved into giggles.  
"Let me try," Kary said, excitedly turning on her wand, touching it to Scotts
  sleek chest, while Jenny shocked his bare side and Ginger ran her's continually
  shocking up the inside of his right thigh.  
"Oww....Oww.....Oww" Scott danced around.  
"Stop it....stop it!" He shouted, tears in his eyes.  
"Then do it.......walk right." Ginger demanded.  
Kary tugged on the leash, and Scott felt he was walking like some female
  fashion model down a runway, head up, shoulders back, stomach sucked in the
  farthest possible, placing one foot in front of the other, not looking down.
  And despite the scalding humiliation he felt at being made to display himself
  so, or maybe because of it, his throbbing erection painfully constricted by
  the nylon g-string had never been harder.  
A well and conservatively dressed older woman approached them. She was self
  assured and attractive for a woman of her age, of about 50. What appeared to
  be a male slave shirtless, trailed well behind her.  
"Are you girls new?" She smiled.  
"Ah...Yes...new at 'this' club," Kary replied trying to sound important.  
"I love your outfits," the woman said.  
"They look great."  
"Thanks" Ginger, Kary, and Jenny beamed, pleased.  
Another woman very expensively dressed in business attire, of about the same
  age, joined the first.  
"Is this your slave?" The first asked.  
"His name's Scott." Ginger piped up grinning.  
Did she have to use his real name, and be so damn enthusiastic, Scott thought.  
"He's not much on 'presenting' is he?"  
"Er........on what."  
"You know presenting himself upon meeting people.......head up, eyes down,
  legs well spread, hands behind the neck."  
Scotts face colored.  
"Ah...he's...ah..... still learning those things."  
"He's a..... new... slave," Kary added.  
"Ah.......the best time of slavery," the woman smiled.  
"Does he respond to voice commands?"  
"He.... better!" Ginger replied her static wand at the ready.  
"Turn ......slowly and show us your ass" the woman said to Scott, her icy
  voice somehow making Scotts groin burn and throb even more.  
More heat rising to his face, he did.  
"Hands on your knees......and thrust it out properly" the woman demanded.  
Scott hesitated but saw Ginger's hand move with the shocking wand, his face
  reddening in embarrassment he bent over, his hands on his knees sticking out
  his bare ass for them.  
"Mmm.......very nice......nice and smooth bare skin, toned and not one blemish " the
  one woman said,  
"That really is a 'perfect' ass......Do you girls work him for it?"  
"Er...excuse me?"  
"You know.... have some stud fuck his ass regularly....have him do special
  exercises for it."  
"No...nothing like that...!" Kary said laughing.  
Scotts face went crimson. After he'd stood up and turned back around to face
  them, the woman asked Kary if he was enjoying his first night at the club,
  as if he weren't even there, or wasn't able to talk.  
"I don't know..........let's find out" Kary mocked, tugging the leash, jerking
  his head  
"Are you enjoying your first night at the club slave?"  
Scott wanted to slap her.  
"Yesss...." he hissed through clenched teeth.  
"Don't you call your owner 'Mistress' when you answer slave" the one woman
  asked.  
"No I don't."  
"Tsk...tsk....you really should make him call you and others Mistress dear."  
"I'll make him call us Mistress," Kary said handing the leash to Jenny and
  stepping close in front of him, her fingers going right to his super sensitive
  stiff nipples.  
Her thumbs played across them and Scott gasped, Jenny and Ginger stepping
  in close so he couldn't move away. Kary began flicking the super sensitive
  nubs teasingly, torturously between her fingers, up and down, side to side.  
"Now apologize to these ladies.......say...... I'm sorry.. Mistress."  
Scott tried to ignore the sensations flooding his body from her moving fingers,
  but couldn't.  
"Uhhh..." he couldn't help gasping out  
"Come on....." Kary teased, her fingers sending bolt after bolt of sexual
  energy shooting from his nipples right to his hard cock.  
"Ah.....I'm sorry... Mistress" Scott gasped his eyes tearing, trying to keep
  his hips still.  
Kary's soft tanned fingers and manicured nails continued their maddening
  play.  
"Again...... baby."  
Scotts hips jerked despite his wishes. Kary smiled keeping her fingers moving.  
"Ah.....ah...I'm sorry Mistress."  
"And who are we?"  
She doubled her efforts, her nails scrapping at his nipples, circling them,
  flicking them.  
Scott lost the battle, his body spasmming, his hips bucking and humping helplessly.  
"My...Mistresses.....My Mistresses......" he panted.  
Kary took her hands away, grinning at her easy victory. Scott slumped, thoroughly
  humiliated, his body practically glowing with sexual frustration.  
"Oh look" Ginger said laughing, pointing at the great bulge of Scotts erection
  under his g-string.  
"He got so excited by that.... he wet himself."  
Sure enough, there was a clear wet spot of pre-come from the tip of Scotts
  straining penis standing out clearly against the little black fabric.  
All the women laughed. Scotts face went red.  
"Oh, you girls are going to have a lot of fun with this one" the one woman
  said merrily.  
"We must talk more later.......and again let me say how great you girls look." she
  said, walking off with the other woman, the male submissive trailing far behind
  them.  
Scott stood there, heat washing over him, his bare body trembling.  
"Woo....hoo....!" Ginger cheered, slapping Scott a sharp slap on his ass,
  startling him..  
"We're in.....and we're cool....Let's walk around some more and get a drink."  
With a sharp tug on the leash that's exactly what Scott was doing, If he
  didn't walk exactly right, displaying himself, Ginger would remind him with
  the shocking wand. Scott had no idea this night would be like this. He was
  already hopelessly turned on, the girls were going much farther than he thought
  they would, and they'd just gotten there!  
They were stopped 3 more times on their way to the main bar by people who
  wished to introduce themselves........ admire the girls....... or admire Scott.
  During the first time with an attractive 30 something couple when everyone's
  attention turned to Scott, Ginger said, 'look at his cock' pulling his g-string
  away so everyone could view his genitals and impressive erection. Scott thought
  he'd die of shame. The second and third times Scott had to 'present'.....Stand
  there at attention, his legs widely spread, his hands clasped behind his neck,
  the g-string doing nothing to hide his state of sexual arousal while the others
  talked, most usually about him.  
By the time they got to the bar Scott was just about a basket case, trembling,
  his knees almost knocking, and yet his cock continued to throb erect leaking
  pre-come, his nipples remained stiff and tingling and his body burned. At the
  bar the girls ordered drinks and the bartender informed them that slaves weren't
  allowed alcohol ...... as it dulled their responses and sensations. So Scott
  had to calm himself the best he could with plain water.  
After the bar, they made their way to one of the stages, Scott asking if
  he had to be pulled on a leash as it was 'so humiliating', this time it was
  Jenny who cracked his bare ass hard with her palm by way of reply, and Ginger
  who tugged the leash. The stage they came to was the 'Punishment Stage' where
  slaves or submissives were, at their masters instruction, punished for some
  infraction or just for others pleasure. This stage was brightly lighted and
  almost half the submissives on it were totally naked. The idea was that the
  slaves were locked in some restraining device....a pillory...chained over a
  horse....dangling chains, a spinning wheel, and then punished by members of
  the audience who lined up for the privilege, with a selection of paddles, whips,
  belts and canes laid out for the purpose. The restrained submissives were completely
  at the mercy of the crowd. A crew of 4 club employees (2 doms and 2 femdoms)
  were stationed on the stage to make sure things didn't get too out of hand.
  The stage seemed to be the most popular one in the club, with a large crowd
  of would be punishers waiting their turn, and currently about 10 people (half
  male, half female) being punished. Here, there was real reddened flesh, bruising,
  and ugly welts. Real screams of pain, crying, sweat and trembling bodies.  
"Lets put Scott up there," Ginger said her eyes aglow.  
Scott felt himself panicking, but Kary and Jenny shot down the idea, restraining
  the always over enthusiastic Ginger and the 4 of them moved on.  
A couple in their 40's approached them and Scott had to go into the 'present'
  position as they regarded him. When the woman reached out stroking his well
  muscled stomach Scott jumped, unclasping his hands from behind his neck.  
"Aren't we allowed to touch him as usual?......Does he think he's too good
  to be touched?"  
"Er.....certainly not," Ginger stammered, shocking Scott with the static
  wand.  
"Oww!"  
Get back in position this instant."  
Scotts hands flew back behind his neck.  
"You can touch him however... and....wherever... you want!" Ginger pulled
  Scotts g-string down to his ankles.  
"And if he moves a muscle.... I'm going to see how far I can shove this shocking
  wand.... up his asshole."  
Scott couldn't believe he was standing there now totally naked at attention,
  his hands behind his neck, his legs spread wide, his freed erection standing
  right up vertical along his flat belly for everyone to see. The couple moved
  in and Scott could feel Ginger's little warm.... little hot.... body pressed
  right along his, and smell her perfume as she held his leash with one hand
  and the static wand with the other, her proximity only making his erection
  throb all the more. The man went right for Scotts erection, exploring the head
  of his cock with his fingers, pulling open the little slit at its tip and running
  his finger roughly through the super sensitive opening.  
"Ahhh....." Scott jerked, his eyes tearing.  
"Steady...slave boy!" Ginger admonished slapping his ass, instead of shocking
  it.  
The woman went after his erect tingling nipples teasing them torturously.
  Scott tried to resist but.....  
He couldn't help it.  
"Ahhhhhh...."  
The moan escaped his lips, his body trembling, his hips jumping, forcing
  his penis even farther into the mans hands, more pre-come exiting through the
  slit the man was holding open. The man showed the woman the wetness on his
  fingers before wiping it, in a glistening trail on Scotts trembling belly.
  Scott heard Kary giggle as the couple stepped away from him.. Struggling, red
  faced, and trembling, Scott did his best to get the g-string back up his legs
  and over his cock and balls.  
Then he was being tugged on the leash again.  
When they came to a conversation area behind, and below the punishment stage,
  with couches and a coffee table, and no one else around, Scott tried to steady
  his racing body, trying to forget that another man....... just had his cock
  in his hands.  
"Look....... I'm only supposed to be....playing...a slave," he panted.  
"And your doing a very good job....." Kary said sarcastically, plopping herself
  down on one of the couches as did the other 2 girls, resting from their high
  heels.  
Scott moved to sit too, his legs trembling.  
"Ah... Uhh.." Jenny said pointing to a little sign on the wall.....Scott
  read,  
'No slaves/submissives permitted to sit on furniture'.  
Jenny snapped her fingers pointing to the floor and feeling heat in his face
  once again Scott sunk to his knees to kneel on the carpet.  
"Look...... that's not what I meant Kary.....I'm only supposed to be 'playing'
  a slave..."  
"And your doing a real good job, like I said" Kary answered smartly, patting
  his head humiliatingly.  
"I think he's only doing an.... ok.... job," Ginger offered.  
"For example he didn't call you 'Mistress' just now."  
"Ginger......." Scott breathed exasperated.  
"Ginger nothing...... its supposed to be 'Mistress' mister.....keep complaining
  and you'll find yourself on that punishment stage."  
Just then a large group came into the conversation area. They seemed to be
  a group of 20 something's, close to Scotts, Kary's, Ginger's and Jenny's own
  age, mixed with some 30 something's. They came right over to talk to Kary,
  Ginger and Jenny. Scott kneeling aroused and nearly naked at their feet was
  of course not greeted. Once they were seated, Scott noticed they had a male
  and female slave with them. The woman was quite hot Scott thought, about 29,
  a little older than some of her 'owners'. She had a killer body, wearing only
  a little thong like him, with silver bands around her neck and upper arms and
  the sweetest little breasts topped with the hardest little nipples. Scotts
  penis throbbed more than ever at the sight of her. The guy was about 30 Scott
  judged, a little stocky, with a shaved head, double pierced ears, lots of tattoos,
  wearing black briefs with netting trailing down the sides, an open net vest
  over an otherwise bare torso, and Roman sandals. Scott noticed that they both
  settled kneeling on the carpet in the 'sex slave' position of paperback fiction.
  Kary noted it too and nudged Scott with her foot.  
"Kneel right........like them....shoulders back, knees spread, eyes down." she
  whispered.  
Scott straightened his shoulders, moved his knees apart. Kary kicked him
  again.  
"Wider....move your knees wider..... so they can see clearly between your
  legs!"  
Giving in Scott complied, and spread his knees wide on the carpet. He was
  now kneeling there all but naked, sitting back on his heels, his knees widely
  spread, displaying his erection framed by his thighs beneath the little triangle
  of damp cloth, with his shoulders back sticking out his bare chest, and found
  to his shame, that in this position his eyes were naturally downcast.  
While Scott and his 2 fellows knelt there on display the others talked. Scott
  divided his attention between raising his eyes enough to take in the pierced
  navel, flat belly and thinly covered vulva of the woman slave across the way
  and listening to the conversation. From what Scott could gather from it, the
  other group was mostly made up, especially the older ones, of bored semi rich
  people. A waitresses came to take drink orders.  
Ginger, Jenny and Kary all ordered.  
"And would you like me to bring the drinks or will your slave get them per
  our usual custom?" the waitress asked.  
"Er....our slave will get them" Kary stammered.  
Scott noticed the other 2 had already stood up.  
"Up.... slave" Ginger said patting Scott on the head as he rose as if he
  were a puppy, making his stomach drop with shame.  
Kary reached to hand him the money.  
"Oh..... do you just place the money in his hand" a woman in her 20's said.  
"It's so much more fun to place it in the one spot a slave never stops thinking
  about."  
They watched as she pulled out the 29 year old woman's g-string and pressed
  and rubbed a hundred dollar bill against the lips of her sex, the woman helplessly
  moaning and bucking her hips, her face turning red in embarrassment, before
  the g-string snapped back.  
"That way, their not likely to forget it," the woman laughed.  
"Ah....yes of course." Kary said somewhat stunned reaching for Scotts g-string
  and pulling it out. Scott closed his eyes and tried to steel himself as Kary's
  hand brushed and rubbed the bills against his tingling erection, his hips jerked
  and squirmed in spite of his best effort to stay still, just like the womans,
  before the g-string snapped back. Scott heard Jenny giggle and more pre-come
  wet the g-string.  
Walking around a nightclub nude except for a g-string, collar and cuffs with
  3 dressed hot girls was hard enough, but having to do it by himself was even
  harder. There was no one to try and hide his nudity behind. He had to brush
  his aroused bare body up against dressed people. Hands, he couldn't tell whose,
  both female and male smoothed over his bare buttocks and slipped along his
  taut belly, as he made his way through the crowd. The worst were people stepping
  on his feet, as his were bare, and almost everyone else was wearing shoes.  
When he returned, Scott had to serve the drinks on his knees, holding a tray...
  saying 'please mistress' and 'thank you mistress' like the girls saw the other
  slaves do. Several people had gotten up to stand along a wall, sipping their
  drinks and Scott as well as Kary watched with revulsion as the woman and male
  slave crawled around these standing people as ordered, elaborately licking
  their shoes.  
"So Kary...where's your manners" asked a seated guy, who had earlier been
  bragging about his big income, and who Kary had therefore been desperately
  trying to impress.  
"Er....ah...what."  
"How come your slave isn't over on his knees helping the other 2.... it's
  usual good manners around here?"  
"Oh....of.... course."  
Scott from his knees, gave Kary a shocked look.  
"Scott...go lick shoes with the other slaves."  
He hesitated looking pleadingly at her.  
"Maybe he doesn't obey you" the guy chuckled.  
"Of course he does........Scott.....crawl...over there and lick everyone's
  shoes....now," Kary gritted her teeth, giving Scott her best do...or...die
  look.  
Feeling his eyes fill with tears and head spin with humiliation Scott crawled
  across the floor.  
"You know you have to do an excellent job and not miss any spots, or you'll
  be severely punished," a smirking guy said, looking down at him when he arrived.  
Filled with disgust, Scott lowered his face to the guys shoes, his tongue
  out, and began to lick. Ginger turned back from kneeling on one of the couches
  where she'd been trying to see over a partition to the punishment stage, from
  which occasional screams, groans, and cheering could be heard, and her voice
  rang out.  
"Get that bare ass up in the air when you lick peoples shoes, slave boy!..."  
All eyes turned to her..... then to Scott. Slowly, feeling everyone watching,
  Scott raised his hips dropping to his forearms, holding his bare tight ass
  up obscenely, before going back to licking. Often, he had to lick over the
  saliva of the guy or woman slave. They had to lave the bottoms of the shoes
  too, including insteps, and suck on heels. When he got to Jenny, she giggled
  as his tongue slid around her toes and painted nails. Scotts jaw and tongue
  were beginning to ache when the other group left after exchanging elaborate
  good-byes and phone numbers with Kary, Jenny and Ginger, leaving the 4 of them
  alone. The girls happily jumped up and down celebrating, having made new friends
  in BDSM society.  
Scott remained on his knees.  
"I think we've been here long enough" he said unhappily trying to spit grime
  from his mouth.  
"Shut up.....Scott," Ginger answered annoyed.  
"I don't think we've been here nearly long enough..... and your supposed
  to call me Mistress."  
"No one is here Ginger," Scott complained pulling a long hair off his tongue.  
"That doesn't matter."  
"Yes it does."  
"No it doesn't!" Ginger said flushed and angry.  
"You two....."  
"No Care..... he's ruining it...... he's getting out of character.......
  he's complaining....... and he's just not supposed to be a slave when someone
  is around...... but all the time...for the whole night!"  
Considering, Kary nodded her head.  
"She's right Scott. Your supposed to be a slave for the whole night and do
  a good job all the time.....that was the deal..... not just when you want to.........or
  stop doing it..... just because you don't like something......"  
"Yeah...Slaves are supposed to do things they don't like anyway." Jenny added,
  ganging up on him too.  
"But......but..." Scott stammered.  
No..buts......  
You better start acting a lot more like a slave all the time....and I mean....no
  complaints... no slip ups.....or your going to have a lot more trouble than
  you know how to handle.....plus.... all your secrets will be out."  
Scott was beginning to feel ever more helpless and these were supposed to
  be his friends!  
"Now.... crawl over to Ginger say... I'm sorry Mistress... and lick every
  inch of her boot."  
Scotts mouth dropped open in shock.  
"Do it...... Scott!" Ginger demanded.  
"Or you'll be up on that punishment stage."  
Scott looked forlornly up at the 3 of them, hoping for a reprieve, thinking
  maybe he should just bolt right out of this place, but then where would he
  go dressed or undressed as he was, and what of the consequences after? Dropping
  his head he crawled over to Ginger his hard cock swelling and tingling more
  as he did, despite his emotional turmoil. Ginger made sure that his mouth covered
  every inch of her expensive boot while the other 2 stood watching. When Scott
  was done he knelt back on his heels unable to look any of them in the eye.  
"Good...... now come over here and get us another round of drinks."  
Looking him right in the eye, Kary pulled out his g-string.  
"Jen it's your turn to buy."  
Jenny handed her the money, and watched with Ginger as Kary began running
  the paper up and down, and grinding it into his erection inside the g-string.
  Scott knew what she wanted him to do, and gritted his teeth resisting.  
"Come on slave boy, you know what you want to do for us," she mocked.  
Scott tried to resist, biting his lip, he felt he might cry, but instead
  a little moan escaped his lips, and his hips jerked as she wanted.  
"Come on...one more" Kary cooed her little hand somehow cool, moving over
  his hot hard on.  
It didn't take long. Scott let out a loud moan, the air escaping from his
  lungs, his hips humping helplessly, trying to rub his cock drizzling pre-come
  on Kary's hand, and the money. Kary let the g-string snap back making Scott
  groan. She wiped her wet hand across his stomach.  
"Try not to get the money too wet," she said grinning.  
Trembling, and unsteady, hot tears of shame filling his eyes, Scott made
  his way into the crowds and toward the bar. While getting their drinks his
  sense of hurt, betrayal and anger at how they were now treating him only grew.
  When he returned he served them on his knees holding the tray.  
"He didn't say 'please Mistress and then 'thank you Mistress' after I took
  my glass," Ginger complained.  
"And this isn't what I ordered."  
Scott tried to ignore her.  
"Did you hear me, this isn't what I even ordered, and he didn't say Mistress
  properly."  
"Oh geez..... Ginger" Scott breathed.  
"Oh geez nothing Scott....it's not my order. I wanted a lemon with my drink...
  not a lime.... slave asshole.".  
Scott lost it.  
"Well the crowds a lot bigger now...... and there's a line and I'm not going
  back there again just to get you a lemon instead of a lime.....so if you want
  something else you can go get it yourself and have your hot tight little ass
  grabbed by everybody!  
"That's it!!!" Ginger exploded jumping up.  
"Ginger..." .  
"No!.......Kary....he asked for it. He had his chance to be a proper slave...and
  he blew it."  
Ginger had hold of his arm and pushed on his bare back not making much progress.  
"A little help!" she called and 2 of the clubs bouncers appeared each taking
  one of Scotts arms.  
"Hey...!" He yelled as they propelled him from the conversation area.  
Scott struggled to no avail. As he was pushed and dragged stumbling up the
  stairs of the punishment stage Ginger from behind pulled his g-string down
  and totally off, and he was propelled onto the stage entirely naked. Before
  he knew it he found himself standing bent over 90 degrees at the waist his
  neck and hands thrust through and locked in a cruel pillory. He was surrounded
  by light, noise, and crowd. He felt someone chaining his ankles to the floor,
  his feet spread wide apart.  
"Come on Ginger!....." he said, trying to raise his head and only chaffing
  his neck.  
"What's the longest a slave can be punished up here" Ginger asked one of
  the supervising femdoms.  
"Only 1/2 hour mam."  
"Make it longer" Ginger said whipping out the $100 bill she'd brought with
  her.  
"Forty five minutes then" said the woman.  
"Ginger......wait!" Scott called out beginning to panic, but she swished
  her hot body right from the stage.  
Scott could feel the bright lights in this part of the club hot on his bare
  back, air moving between his spread legs and between the cheeks of his ass
  and his traitorous erection up along his bare belly. If he turned his head
  to the right he could see a 40ish male in a leather g-string bound over a gymnasium
  horse having his ass paddled his face red. To the left a female 30 something
  wearing only a bikini bottom was stretched on a rack having clothes pins applied
  all over her body and her breasts whipped. He could look down at the floor
  below him and not too much in front of him unless he strained his neck.  
" Well...what have we here?"  
A femdom placed a hand familiarly on Scotts proffered ass testing it, running
  her fingers between the rubbery mounds, over his anus and then up along his
  erection, making him gasp and quiver.  
"Hee hee hee....just about perfect... this should be fun," she slapped his
  ass hard with her studded palm.  
"Lets begin..............."  
Scott was amazed by how many times you could be hit in 45 minutes, especially
  when their were 100 or so people waiting to do the hitting. Scott soon lost
  track of how many times he was struck by paddles (mostly), whips, canes, belts,
  on his ass, hips and the back of his thighs. Not just struck, as the crowd
  had free reign with his whole body. Probably 50 sets of hands slapped and teased
  at his erection, squeezed his balls, pinched his nipples, shoved fingers up
  his ass and then deliberately in his mouth. If he screamed too much a gag shaped
  like a penis was shoved in his mouth...another dildo greased, up his ass. At
  one point a femdom wearing a strap on phallus shoved that in his mouth scouring
  the back of his throat, making him gag and cry while she fucked his face and
  he was spanked. The lights were bright and hot, the pillory hurt and chaffed
  his neck and wrists. After 45 minutes Scott was a mess....slick with sweat,
  his knees buckling from his position and all he'd been through. When Kary,
  Ginger and Jenny appeared before him and Ginger asked 'have you learned your
  lesson?' Scott croaked 'yes' totally defeated.  
Ginger's mouth dropped open in mock surprise.  
"I guess you haven't!"  
"I..I... mean...yes.... Mistress" Scott stammered desperately.  
"No.... too late," Ginger said, holding up her hand.  
"That's another infraction and another 30 minutes, isn't that right, spanking
  mistress?"  
Scott heard the woman answer 'yes'.  
"No..... wait...please" he pleaded.  
"Come on" Ginger said, taking a reluctant Kary and Jenny by the elbow and
  turning them about.  
"He's got to learn his lesson."  
As the 3 of them stepped off the stage a 240lb guy slammed a paddle into
  Scotts ass as hard as he could, Scott screamed, and his punishment started
  all over again.  
During the second 30 minutes because Scott's ass and the back of his thighs
  were already so sensitized and his knees already wobbly, Scott often couldn't
  keep still. Sometimes it seemed half the club was around the stage watching
  him, chanting 'dance slave dance' as his ass was paddled for everyone, bobbing
  and weaving under the blows as his knees gave way. If Scott tried to stay still
  so as not to entertain them, the spanker only hit 2 or 3 times as hard until
  Scott 'had' to move, and kept it up until he actually worked his hardest to
  wag and shake his ass just as the crowd wanted, according to their chants of
  'up and down' ,'side to side', 'up on your toes'. When his knees collapsed
  altogether, a greased whip handle was shoved in his anus to hold him up and
  keep his ass moving for more punishment. Scott hoped he would faint, but had
  no such luck.  
After 30 minutes only Ginger and Kary returned this time. Scott didn't know
  where Jenny was. The girls had obviously been dancing and had 2 good looking
  guys with them. The 4 of them stood in front of Scott in his bleary teary vision
  in a row, their arms linked around each others waists, swaying slightly, all
  a bit drunk. The 2 guys had on leather pants just like Ginger and Kary's, they
  looked like a matched foursome.  
"Now..... have you learned your lesson?" Ginger asked.  
"Yes.... Mistress" Scott rasped his voice hoarse from screaming and crying.  
"What, I can't here you."  
"Yes.... Mistress" Scott repeated more clearly and desperately.  
The terrible pillory was opened and Scott fell naked, shiny with sweat and
  trembling to his hands and knees.  
"Do you remember the 'correct' way to lick shoes slave?" Ginger asked.  
Scott wasted no time enthusiastically laving her expensive boots with his
  tongue raising his bare buttocks as he did so.  
"That's right slave...... lift your beaten ass high in the air and show everyone
  how spanked and red it is."  
Scott did his best stretching his back and holding up his wounded, aching,
  burning, sweating ass as obscenely as possible.  
"Oh...my...your going to have lots of bruising," Ginger observed.  
"Do the others too" Ginger instructed and Scott licked the shoes of Kary
  and the guys too.  
"Now go up." Ginger said directing him to the bottom of her pant leg.  
Scott trailed his tongue up the soft leather.....to her knee.  
"Come on, go all the way."  
Up her thigh......across her hot crotch.  
"All the way to the top...."  
Until his tongue went over her waist band and just barely on her taut belly
  through her blouse where she stopped him. Then he did the same to Kary as the
  4 of the them watched, his tongue going all the way up to her waist band to
  slither across her taut bare abs.  
"Go on...do everyone".  
Scott began dragging his tongue up the leather clad leg of one of the guys
  as the guy snickered down at him. Over his knee up his thigh. Scott hesitated
  as he approached the guys groin.  
"Keep going Scott," Ginger said grabbing his wet hair,  
"I want to see your tongue sliding over his leather covered cock.......and
  you better really get in to it and do a good job slave.....or its another half
  hour on this stage!"  
Scott needed no other threat, groaning at the very thought, and didn't hesitate
  in flattening his tongue and laving it passionately across the guys crotch
  as Ginger watched closely, making him go over it 3 times. Scott could actually
  feel the guys cock move and harden under his tongue and then he had to do the
  other guy.  
When he was finished Ginger dropped his wadded up g-string on the floor in
  front of him.  
"You can get... 'dressed'....now.....hee...hee... We'll be in the conversation
  area" she said over her shoulder as the 4 of them left the stage.  
Scott actually groaned at the pain in his ass, and stiff arms and legs, from
  just lifting his knees to step into his g-string, struggling with it to cover
  his balls and cock which despite his tortures had stayed never less than half
  erect and traitorously was nearly fully erect now. Only Ginger and the guy
  she'd picked up were in the alcove when Scott gingerly and weakly made his
  way there, Kary and the other guy were probably out dancing he imagined. The
  guy also had a beautiful young blond slave girl with him, wearing only a g-string
  too with the hottest tightest body. Scott knelt across the alcove his knees
  spread wide in perfect position, watching Ginger and the guy making out. His
  ass was still aching madly and felt hot and huge and skinless against his heels,
  although he knew it wasn't...... just swollen, beet red, elaborately welted
  and already bruising.  
Scott watched in amazement as at the guys command the beautiful blond girl
  slithered across the couch on her bare belly putting her head in his lap and
  expertly with just her tongue and teeth, undid the guys pants, got the zipper
  down and began licking inside as the guy tongue kissed with Ginger. Scott's
  fully erect cock throbbed and began leaking again at the sight. The guy asked
  Ginger if she wanted the blond girls head in her lap.  
"You bet" Ginger breathed thrilled.  
Scott knew Ginger had bi tendencies, in fact he suspected there were no sexual
  tendencies she didn't have. The girl nimbly slithered around to lay her head
  in Ginger's lap and Scott watched as she undid the top pants button and expertly
  toyed with Ginger's zipper with her tongue before pulling it down and licking
  inside Ginger's pants as Ginger grinned down at her.  
"What's the matter Ginger don't you return favors" the guy said motioning
  to Scott just as Ginger started to moan.  
"Get up here.....and get your head in his lap" Ginger snapped at him.  
Scott was ashamed at how his body now automatically leapt to obey her voice
  being in no mood for more punishment, as he crawled across the couch and laid
  his head in the guys lap.  
"Well...........," Ginger said looking down at him her face excited.  
"Get your tongue inside his pants and start licking his cock."  
Scotts eyes teared at this ultimate humiliation.  
"Don't try that on me mister.....or it'll be another 45 minutes on that punishment
  stage. And then you'll still have to do it."  
Resigning himself, Scott closed his eyes and stuck his tongue out licking.  
"If his tongue stops touching your skin or licking your cock for even a fraction
  of a second...tell me," Ginger told the guy, before going back to passionately
  kissing him while the beautiful blondes tongue played across the firm silk
  of her belly and between her thighs.  
As Scott licked his head brushed the head of the blond girl as she licked
  Ginger, he could here the girl making little whimpering noises in her throat
  as she licked inside Ginger's pants, and could feel Ginger squirming with sexual
  need, and the furnace like heat from her hard body and smell her perfume as
  she necked. It was almost like he was having sex with her and the blond girl,
  despite the unthinkable thing he was having to do to the guy, and Scott tried
  to imagine it so, his own body squirming.  
Ginger and the guy stopped before they went all the way, with Ginger panting
  and reddened, and Scott noting the first unwanted taste of pre-come on his
  tongue from the guys throbbing erection. When they got down off the couch back
  on their knees the blond girl smiled at Scott, a little of Ginger's pussy juice
  glistening on her lip and gave him a passionate kiss, before inserting her
  tongue in his ear, her hot mouth and lips dragging along his neck and Scotts
  own erection throbbed and twitched helplessly.  
When Kary and the other guy returned the panting blond girl and Scott were
  kneeling with their knees spread at their widest in perfect sex slave position
  on the floor and Ginger and the other guy sat composed on the couch. Jenny
  returned soon after, and after lots of good byes from the girls to the 2 guys,
  Ginger, Kary, Jenny and Scott, left the club.  
 ______________________________________________  
In the car on the way home, nothing was said about Ginger, Scott and the
  guy on the couch. Instead the slightly drunk girls celebrated a great night,
  talking about what a turn on it had been, how fun, and phone numbers they got,
  while Scott knelt on the floor of the car, as his ass hurt too much to even
  sit on a seat. Back at Scotts house the girls decided to toast each other with
  one more drink, while he knelt in his own living room in only the g-string
  collar and cuffs. When they were all seated, Jenny asked if it wasn't time
  'to release their slave boy from his night of slavery'.  
"Not yet" Ginger said, propping her lower legs up on each of his shoulders
  as he knelt before her.  
"Not until............. he's..... licked our pussies until we each come in
  his face!"  
Kary and Jenny broke out in laughter, applause and giggles and Scotts face
  and ears burned in embarrassment.  
"Should we?...." they giggled.  
"What if someone found out.......what if our boyfriends did....what if Mark
  found out.....what if Jim did?"  
"No one is going to find out" Ginger said.  
"The whole night is secret........ We'll all have something on each other,
  so no one can tell....and.... before he can do it..... he has to get naked
  himself....and as an extra challenge.... take our pants and underwear off,
  just using his teeth."  
"Let's do it!!!" Kary and Jenny both cheered hopping up, clapping.  
"Wait a minute....." Scott tried, even though he knew he long ago stopped
  having any say in what was going on.  
"Shut up slave boy, "Kary said, slapping his bruised ass playfully, but hard,
  making him moan and shake at the very real pain.  
"You'll do as your told..........Now get that g-string off and let us see
  that cock you've already shown to 400 people tonight."  
His face burning and heart thumping Scott rose to slide the g-string off
  before going back to his knees his erection standing up unfailingly.  
"And if you don't do a good job you'll be punished with this" Ginger said,
  returning from Scotts den, brandishing a cricket bat that had been hanging
  on the wall.  
"No hands allowed" Jenny giggled....locking Scotts wrist cuffs together,
  for the first time that night, behind his back.  
The 3 girls lined up in front of him as he knelt naked.  
"Who's first?" Kary giggled.  
"Jenny" Ginger answered.  
Jenny's face reddening with a blush.  
It wasn't that Scott minded eating pussy, but these were supposed to be his
  good friends....or at least had been until tonight. He wasn't sure what they
  were now. It was awkward, as he crawled naked to beautiful Jenny on his knees
  with his hands bound behind him. Scott did his best, but even with the indented
  little belly of super slender Jenny, it was hard to undo the button at the
  top of her pants with just his teeth and tongue. When his tongue slithered
  across her silky belly she would giggle and back away. Ginger encouraged him
  with a 2 handed swat of the heavy cricket paddle against his wounded ass, and
  Scotts shriek of agony echoed off the walls but, it did spur him to redouble
  his efforts, and putting every ounce of effort into it, he managed to get the
  button undone and pulled down the zipper with his teeth. Pulling the pants
  down her long legs and off was relatively easy, especially as she helped him
  by removing her shoes. Then it was on to Kary.  
Kary sipped her drink and rested her hands on the top of his head giggling,
  as Scott worked at the top of her pants. Again Ginger encouraged him with the
  paddle, and by the hardest Scott got the button holding the pants around her
  slim waist undone. It was harder pulling the pants over Kary's more mature
  hips and muscular thighs, but he managed. Then it was on to Ginger.  
Having handed the paddle to Kary, Ginger stood with her legs apart and her
  hands on her hips smiling down at him as Scott worked. Her pants came undone
  rather easily and Scott could feel the heat from and smell her hot wet pussy
  as he pulled the pants over her tight hips, trim thighs and off.  
All 3 girls had only worn thong panties under their leathers, and it was
  an easy thing for Scott to pull Jenny's down and off with his teeth. Having
  done so she laid back on the couch pulling her knees up to her chest. Scott
  had always known Jenny was a real blond and he observed the narrow stripe of
  manicured Blond hair that accented her pink slit. Unable to prop himself on
  his hands, Scott had to literally dive in, pitching his face between her legs,
  licking, sucking, lapping. It didn't take too long before she was coming, her
  youthful thighs beating against his ears as she oooed, and ahhhed, and gripped
  his hair.  
Kary wanted her ass licked first before her pussy, and Scott ran his tongue
  up and down over the chiseled athletic cheeks and the strong back of her thighs,
  before pulling the whispy thong off with his teeth. When she leaned back on
  the couch drawing her knees up, Scott noted that she shaved and waxed every
  hair away from what Scott thought was a perfect looking pussy. It took Kary
  longer to come than Jenny, but when she did come, Scott thought he would either
  be suffocated or his head would be twisted off between her strong thighs and
  twisting hips. Ginger had the most barely there thong of all, and Scott had
  to be careful not to nip her flesh with his teeth as he licked along her flank,
  hip, and trembly belly, pulling it off. She too waxed and shaved away every
  trace of hair from what would otherwise be a red haired pussy. She was the
  quietest of the 3 while Scott was lapping and slurping her sex, his tongue
  sometimes sliding inadvertently over her puckered little asshole, but she came
  the hardest, her gushing sex mashed into his face, her hips bounding up and
  down, her heels beating the hell out of his back as she screamed out her orgasm.  
 As the girls relaxed in the afterglow of their orgasms Scott knelt naked
  hands bound behind him, unable to wipe their come from his face, trying to
  catch his breath, his cock totally unsatisfied, and actually standing vertical
  along his flat belly, throbbing in frustration, and drizzling pre-come. After
  a while, Jenny reached out, her hand slipping over Scotts slick, super hard
  cock causing him to moan and squirm helplessly.  
"Maybe we should do something for our slave."  
"That's ok, Jenny" Ginger said taking Jenny's hand away, standing her up.  
"Remember what Madeline said."  
That would be one of the older women they'd first met at the club Scott would
  guess.... the girls must've talked with her later while we was 'occupied' on
  stage Scott thought.  
"People get to come.....".  
Kary and Jenny joined Ginger in repeating the next part, in unison......  
"....slaves only get to..... want to come..."  
The 3 bottomless girls high fived each other looking down at him laughing.  
Scott was stunned by their cruelty, feeling his stomach drop in disappointment,
  and his cock throbbing helplessly.  
"Now you girls better get going" Ginger continued.  
"It's getting really late.......I'll tuck in our little slave boy here."  
Jenny and Kary got their pants back on and the 3 hugged before Kary and Jenny
  left.  
"Come on" Ginger said helping him up.  
She led him up the stairs to his bedroom.  
"Look Ginger....."  
"Shhh...." she stopped him.  
"And that's still Mistress Ginger."  
She helped him sit on his bed, his body jerking automatically and a cry escaping
  his throat, from the pain of his beaten ass even touching the soft bed.  
"Look Ginger...er I mean Mistress.......the night's over."  
" Shhhh....I know....I know" she said soothingly, helping him to lay back,
  before she got behind him on the bed to reach his wrist cuffs. Scott was glad
  she was undoing them as his arms had started to numb from the bondage, but
  then realized she had fastened one of his wrists to the head of the bed, and
  then the other.  
"Hey....wait!" Scott began, trying to move his arm, too late, looking behind
  him while Ginger quickly scampered to fasten his ankle cuffs to the bottom
  corners of the bed. He was now tied on his back spread eagle on his bed.  
Ginger grinned at the look of shock on his face as she got out of the rest
  of her clothes so she was as naked as he. She then leaped her hot tight solid
  little body right on top of his. Scott groaned loudly from the pain of his
  wounded ass pressed into the bed, but Ginger couldn't seem to care less, as
  she slid her naked body over his, licking, kissing, biting him all over, his
  nipples, belly, inner thighs, neck, ears kissing him, tonguing and then sucking
  his cock. She brought him to the edge of orgasm, once, twice, three times,
  ten times, but just to the edge, not over it. Scott thought he'd go insane
  bounding on the bed, twisting his hips, begging for release despite the pain
  in his ass. Then she straddled him facing his feet, settling her perfect ass
  on his face.  
"Eat me and we'll come together......" she panted, lapping at his raging
  penis.  
Scott knew he'd finally get to come as Ginger swallowed his cock, deep throating
  him like a pro and he lapped and slurped at her dripping sex, the groove between
  her legs and between the cheeks of her little ass wildly. He felt his orgasm
  rising and beginning, the biggest of his life, then Ginger was coming too,
  mashing her sex into his face so he couldn't breath her whole body going rigid.
  In the throes of her coming his cock slipped out of her mouth. Blindly he bucked
  his hips to reinsert it, bouncing it against her cheek, her neck, but could
  only wait for her to ride out her spasms against his face and knew he'd then
  come at the slightest touch from her lips. Finally Ginger's spasms subsided,
  and Scott could breath again, she rose from his face unsteadily, accidentally
  kicking his head with her foot as she dismounted.  
"Gosh....that was great," she panted standing beside the bed shakily, her
  reddened body glowing and slick with sweat as she wiped her soaking sex, and
  trim thighs with her and Scott's discarded g-strings.  
"I'll be back tomorrow to release you......."  
Scotts mouth flew open in shock, and she shoved the soiled thongs right in,
  then retrieved Kary's discarded thong she'd left behind, and added it to the
  gag.  
"Maybe...."  
Scott couldn't believe it! He shouted into the soaked cloth jamming his mouth.  
"People get to come....slaves..... only get to 'want' to come... more than
  anything" Ginger grinned eyes dancing, tweaking his hard nipples before heading
  for the bathroom.  
 Scott raged behind the gag, he tugged and yanked at all his bonds but it
  was no use. In the end he had to fall back against the bed securely fastened
  spread eagle, while Ginger calmly padded about naked before turning off the
  lights and leaving. Alone in the darkness tied to his own bed, his welted bruised
  ass aching, his body wanting to come more than ever before in his life, his
  helpless cock throbbing his nose and mouth filled with Ginger's Kary's and
  his own secretions he could do nothing but cry in frustration....it took him
  a long while to fall asleep.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blueknight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





