BDSM Library - Starving for Love




Starving for Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very submissive woman draws on past lessons and strives to be a better slave.The following story is COPYRIGHTED. The author, CRUDEDUDE, reserves all rights
  to this work. It may be freely distributed online, posted and archived electronically,
  only in its entirety, including all header material. It may not be changed
  or altered without the authors permission. It may not be sold in whole or in
  any part, or as part of an electronic document, printed material, voice recording
  or any other manner without proper copyright clearances being obtained from
  the author.  
My thanks to all those that have written with encouragement or ideas. I simply
  do not have time to correspond with everyone, but I do appreciate the feedback,
  especially from you lovely ladies. I am always seeking new fem subs to converse
  with or more. This story is a bit more tame then the other two, but still features
  heavy cruelty and humiliation. As such previous fans should like it.  
Chapter One  
Self Improvement  
Stupid fucking bitch. Worthless cum sucking slut. Ugly fat stupid whore.
  Ungrateful, selfish dumb cunt. She whispered these and other obscenities to
  herself I the mirror. Lisa had hated herself for a long time but she was truly
  pissed at herself right now. Her owner had beaten, chastised and given her
  a laundry list of some complaints last night. She memorized each one:  
You are still to fat  
You aren't keeping the house spotless  
You are a lazy bitch  
You are a selfish cunt  
You are a jealous whore  
You don't try hard enough to please me  
You are a lousy fuck  
You are a shitty cocksucker  
You don't bring me enough money  
You are ugly  
You don't hurt yourself enough  
She though about each one in detail. She had felt she was giving her all,
  but he was right as always. She needed to improve and immediately Stupid fucking
  twat. She smacked herself hard about 6 times, while glaring at her pale bruised
  face I the mirror. Selfish fuckhole. Piss drinking bitch. She continued insulting
  herself while she dug her nails into both nipples and pinched, twisted and
  squeezed as hard as she could until tears welled up in her eyes. She then put
  her slut hand up under her short shirt and did the same to her clit. Tears
  ran down her cheeks smearing her blue mascara, before she let go.  
The bitch put her hands against the mirror, lined her cunt up with the edge
  of the sink and rammed her snatch hard 11 times, once for each complaint against
  the corner. It felt like someone had whacked her cunt with a baseball bat.
  She almost lost her piss, but managed to hold it  
That had been why she initially came in here, to relieve the pressure o her
  swollen bladder. But after seeing her dumb cocking sucking face I the mirror
  she decided she didn't deserve the relief. She had held it all last night,
  and was now determined hold it the rest of the day.  
She had screwed up a male's order and shouldn't be rewarding herself, but
  increasing her discomforts. It didn't matter how bad she had to piss, how much
  she was starving, how exhausted she was or how much pain she was in. She existed
  to please males, and fucking up his order was not very pleasing. He had ordered
  mashed potatoes and she had brought him French fries. What a dumb twat. She
  ripped some her hair out of her head on both sides and put it n her mouth.
  Her owner was hairy and she frequently got hairs in her mouth when licking
  and sucking on him. She was losing hair anyway from her starving, and she hoped
  it didn't all fall out cause she knows how much her owner like to pull on it.  
She teetered in her heels over to the corner, dropped her easy ass to the
  dirty ground and proceeded to do 40 situps on the cold hard tile floor. She
  scarcely had the energy to do one situp, but managed to force herself through
  all them, all while insulting herself.  
C'mon you fat ugly whore. Pathetic pussy. You deserve all the pain. Make
  it hurt worse bitch.  
Her stomach region in cramps and her pussy raw and bruised, she wobbly rose
  up to her aching feet. Her feet would aches simply from being o them all day,
  but these 4 inch stiletto heels were chosen to increase her torment. They were
  her only pair of shoes and were too small for her feet. They were heavy, hard,
  rigid and narrow and rubbed her feet raw as she teetered around in them all
  day. Both shoes were also liberally sprinkled with metal shavings that cut
  and dug into her bare feet as she walked. Recently she also added waded up
  paper at the toe of each shoe as she found it greatly increased the cramping
  in her feet  
She teetered back to the mirror and smacked herself a few more times before
  trying to look at her tooth in the mirror. It was the one thing o her body
  that didn't hurt because of her owner or herself. She had a cavity or something.
  Out of obligation she had informed her owner of the pain three months ago.
  He was uninterested and didn't care, as was proper. She hated the thought of
  him spending any money on her, oh bothering himself with her comfort I the
  slightest. She was there to please and serve him, to make his life easier.
  There shouldn't be any reciprocation. She didn't want someone to love, comfort
  or respect her.  
Her owner was a real man. He used and abused her without any regard to her
  feelings, wants and needs. He was brutal and merciless and demanded that his
  cunt serve him 24/7. She absolutely did not deserve and comfort, leisure or
  pleasure. She wanted no reciprocation or appreciation for her service. Quite
  simply she was a cunt and was born to serve and please men. Her service and
  submission was not a gift, but the birthright of all males. It was she who
  was grateful and appreciative o the opportunity to slave herself. And she must
  always show that gratitude.  
She smiled at the pain for second finding it ironic that she could even have
  a cavity when she ate so little.  
Straitening out her outfit she minced out the bathroom door to continue her
  waitressing duties.  
 This was her fourth double this week. 16 hours days, not including the walking
  time to get there. Exhausted though she was, she had asked both jobs for more
  hours and was looking for a third job. She felt she had too much leisure time
  and besides her owner had been complaining she was brining him enough money.
  Truth be told he was blowing most of her earning on self indulgent whims, and
  other bitches. But of course that was his right.  
Only another two hours here, then she would walk to her second job.  
Here are the fries you asked for sir, I'm very sorry. The meal will be on
  the house.  
Yea thanks.  
Her cunt got a little wet at the fact that this man showed little appreciation
  for the free meal. It was not after all on the house, but in fact on her. She
  made it a firm practice to pay for the meal of any man's order whom she screwed
  up, in the slightest way. If the man had to wait too long for his food, whether
  it was her fault or not, or she felt that she gave him anything less then her
  absolute best, she would often pay for some or all of the meal. On some days
  she ate up half or more of her tips, paying for men's food. She kept a little
  journal of each one and presented it to her owner. He beat her savagely for
  losing him money, as he should. She had cut back on paying some for small offenses
  because she felt her owner deserved her tip money more, but felt she should
  always pay for the meal if she screws u the order. Unlike the other bitches
  that worked there, she didn't write down orders. Instead she simply scribbled
  obscenities on the pad at her self while she listened intently Then she would
  mince back to the kitchen and verbally givethe order. Sometimes she would take
  two or three orders to further increase her stress before reporting them to
  the cook.  
She always made sure to wait on man first. If they were with a bitch, she
  ignored the cunt and asked the man for her order. For cunts there by themselves,
  she was sometimes downright rude too. She disliked twats in general, and especially
  those who didn't know that they were twats. She always took their orders last,
  behind any men. She didn't care if she screwed u their orders and sometimes
  did so on purpose. Sometimes, she would let their food sit and get cold before
  brining it to them. She didn't bring refills and generally was a lousy bitch
  of waitress to other cunts.  
She didn't have any friends at either job. Her coworkers were generally rude
  and condescending to her and that's the way she wanted it. She didn't deserve
  friends, that was a privilege for males. She was there to work and earn money
  for her owner, not to gossip or leisure. She talked as little as possible to
  coworkers, though was of course extra nice to the male manager. He coworkers
  would sit around and smoke or gossip on their breaks and sometimes when they
  weren't on break. They were way past the point of trying to include her in
  any conversations, and now they mostly ignored her and talked about her when
  she was out of ear shot.  
Lisa never took breaks. She would occasionally use the restroom if she really
  had too or punish herself, usually the latter, but she never took breaks.  
Her second waitressing job was about 6 blocks away. It took her almost a
  half hour to get there in her heels, as she couldn't take very big steps in
  these. The excessive swaying of her hips also help to cause further irritation
  of the plug in her ass and the large dildo in her cunt. The extremely tight
  corset insured they she could only take shallow breaths.  
She actually liked her second job better, because it was shitty place to
  work and more befitting of her. It was more of a biker bar and the patrons
  were typically more rude, cheaper, meaner and much more likely to grab her
  ass or talk down to her. Both were practices she readily encouraged. She kept
  the other waitressing job because she made better tips for her owner there.
  But she had already decided if she got a third job it would be in another dive
  like this.  
By the end of the day she had been felt up three times and paid for four
  males' food. The walk home took slightly more then an n hour.  
She walked down the driveway past his car. She hadn't driven it since she
  signed it over to him. He rarely too her anywhere, but when he did she had
  to kneel in the back seat. Though a few times she had been allowed to kneel
  in the front seat when he wanted a blowjob.  
She walked passed the neatly trimmed yard, around the side of the house and
  into the garage door, the only door she was permitted to use. Inside the garage,
  she minced up to the door leading into the house knelt her bare knees on the
  cold stone step, and pressed the buzzer indicating she was home.  
Chapter Two  
Proving Her Worth  
While waiting to be let in, she thought about her pathetic condition. Lisa
  hurt all over. From the top of her head down to her feet. Her hair in two overly
  tight pigtails (her owners choice), pulled relentlessly on her scalp. Her feet
  adorned the four inch stilettos. The shoes were not worn for comfort, but for
  the lack thereof. They were difficult to stand in and increasingly painful
  to walk in even if they hadn't been a size too small. Their rigidness and shape,
  specifically a very narrow toe, added to the discomfort. All of this is in
  fact why she had picked out theses heels in the first place. Quite simply,
  they had been the most uncomfortable pair she tried on. Not content with the
  pain after working a number of her 16 hours days on her feet, she concluded
  they should hurt her more. SO she ripped out what little padding there was,
  sprinkled the insides of her heels with metal shavings. These dug and cut into
  her barefeet throughout the day. By the time she took them off at night, the
  bottoms of her feet were normally covered with metal splinters. I t usually
  took some time to pull them out, though occasionally to punish herself more
  she would leave them.  
These heels, her only pair were far from expensive, but still l they were
  the most costly thing she wore. He husband hated to spend money on her. Thus
  she had few clothes, all of them from thrift or discount stores. She had to
  modify and sew of them to her husbands likening. She had no jewelry and no
  luxurious or amenities of any kind. In fact she didn't own anything, not even
  the cheap rags that barely covered her worthless fucktoy body.  
A few bruises adorned her calves but hey were nothing compared to what adorned
  her thighs, ass, back and tits. Deep red, purple, blue and black was sprawled
  over those parts of her in the form of bruises, cuts and welts. She had been
  beaten with various instruments, including, whips, paddles, belts, and fists.
  Her tits hurt the worst; Her husband particularly liked to torture them and
  did so nearly every day. They were burned, bitten, punched, whipped squeezed,
  cut, pinched and pulled. Her back and ass sported thick gash from the heavy
  canings she received. Much of her skin was crusted over with blisters and scabs,
  which she frequently tore off to slow the healing.  
Her cunt and ass were ripped, raw and bloodied from overly frequent use and
  abuse. They were so swollen and sore, that even the gentlest fucking would
  be excruciatingly painful. She never got anything close to gentle fucking.
  Normally, She wore a large uncomfortable plug in her ass, but not today. Her
  husband after beating and using her last night shoved something large and jagged
  up her ass. She had no idea what it was, but she did know it would stay there
  until her husband decided to remove it. She found it more uncomfortable then
  her plug, and thus she hoped her husband would choose to leave it for awhile.  
Her cunt held a huge dildo, incredibly thick and long. Although she's ha
  many large objects forced up her cunt, forcing this monster cock all the way
  up her snatch proved to be difficult. Once in she had to pinch her cunt lips
  together hard and then she stuck four large needles through her lips to hold
  the dildo in. The pressure of the dildo pushing against the needles was intoxicatingly
  painful. There was simply no comfortable position possible  
The only abuse that shown on her face was a black eye and split lip which
  she blamed on a bike fall, though some of her coworkers seemed dubious of that
  explanation it didn't matter to her.  
She had the cavity for three months now and it was getting progressively
  more painful. But of course there was no way he was going to spend any money
  on her for a dentist, so she would just have to wait until the tooth rotted
  and feel out, or maybe her husband would pull it out with pliers. That would
  be up to him.  
 It was really surprising to her that she even had a cavity, as she barely
  ate fucking anything. She was 5'6" and 98lbs. Her owner made it clear that
  he liked his bitches to be skin and bones, and so that's what she should be.
  She couldn't be too thin, she told herself. The more she starved, the more
  she exercised, the more she would be what he wanted. And what he wanted was
  all that mattered. She hadn't eaten anything for three days. The last thing
  she had was a small cup of spinach covered in cum.  
She had grown accustomed to hunger pains though and in fact relished them.
  The hungrier she was, the better bitch she was being. She hated having food
  in her, and embraced feeling empty. She had been skinny before her husband,
  but now she was clearly emaciated. Her hip bones and ribs had become quite
  visible. But she embraced her husband's belief that she could not be too skinny,
  there was always work to do.  
She worked out for at least an hour each day, doing stretches and toning
  exercises, designed to burn calories and make her more flexible for his use.
  She put all her effort into her workouts. She cursed and punished herself when
  she didn't. Her entire body had to be completed spent and exhausted after every
  workout, for her to feel like she did it proper.  
Despite al the pains she endured, what bothered her the most was her exhaustion,
  not just from working, exercising, and malnutrition, but sleep deprival. She
  only permitted herself fours a night, never more. And at least once a week
  she stayed up all night. She was perpetually sleep deprived and starved, and
  she couldn't imagine her worthless life being lived any other way.  
Lost in her thoughts, she almost didn't notice when the door opened. It wasn't
  her owner, standing there, but some skanky whore.  
My I enter Maam?  
Get your ass in here bitch  
The whore looked down scornfully at Lisa as she rose to her aching feet kee0ing
  her head down and her hands behind her back she walked into to the house. The
  whore shut the door, and walked around to face lisa.  
You husband says you gonna pay me.  
Yes maam,  
Keeping her eyes lowered, she reaches into her bra brushing against her badly
  aching tit and pulls out her earnings from today.  
How much do I owe you maam?  
100 dollars  
Lisa quickly counted though her tip money.  
I'm sorry maam, I only have 78 dollars.  
What?  
The whore snatches the money out of lisa's hands and calls into the other
  room  
Hey honey, this bitch don't have all my money.  
Lisa keeps her head down and returns her hands to behind her back.  
Her owner appears in the entranceway at the far end of the room. He is stark
  naked and dick is still glistening from the whore's spit and juices. He has
  his typical smirk  
How much does the cunt have?  
78 dollars!  
Keep it all, and take the rest out of her ass.  
You can use the guest bedroom  
Come to me when she's done with you.  
Yes sir  
Her owner disappeared to another room.  
The whore grabs lisa, by the hair and pulls her forward so that she nearly
  loses her balance. Keeping her hands behind her, she lets the whore lead her
  to the guest room. It is a small room, with no windows and a pungent odor.
  Something must have died behind one of the walls. The only furnishings in the
  room were a small old stained mattress, and small dresser with a cracked mirror.
  The wall was adorned with various whips, canes paddles and other instruments.  
The guest room was in fact lisa's bedroom. The other's bedroom I the house
  was much bigger and was her owners. She was allowed I there seldom other then
  to clean it. She had never slept in his bed and always slept in here. This
  is where he fucked and beat her. This is also typically the bed where he fucked
  other bitches.  
Lisa knew her owner told this whore to be rough with her and degrade her.
  He owner knew she seldom brought home a hundred a day even when she worked
  doubles.  
The whore hiked up her skirt and layed back o the mattress.  
You get your tongue down here bitch and suck all your husbands cum out of
  my pussy and ass.  
Yes maam  
With no hesitation and keeping her arms behind her she knelt on the wood
  floor and stuck her face I the woman's snatch. She sucked n the whore's cunt
  and ass, for all she was worth. There was a copious amount of her owners cum
  in both the whore's holes. Her owner must have been using her for hours. She
  licked and sucked working her tongue and jaw to the point of pure exhaustion
  making every attempt to not only suck out all the cum, but please the whore.
  She knew from past experience that she was expected to do her utmost to get
  this cunt off.  
The whore held her hair and was grinding lisa's face into her twat. After
  about 15 minutes, the bitch smacked the back of lisa's head.  
C'mon now, don't you be slowing down. Your husband says you love this. And
  he says to tell you if you don't do a good job.  
Yes maam, lisa said with her mouth full snatch.  
Lisa in fact hated eating cunt, for a number of reasons. She hated bitches
  and didn't think that she or any other cunt deserved pleasure. The idea that
  this bitch was enjoying herself upset her. Cunt s aren't supposed to enjoy
  sex or feel pleasure. There only pleasure comes from serving and pleasing a
  man. A bitch should be feeling pain and should suffer when she's being used
  all while pleasing her man. But that rule seemed only to apply to lisa. A number
  of cunts have gotten off I this house, all by Lisa's tongue. She herself had
  never cum with her owner and hadn't gotten release I years. Lisa felt this
  was proper. She was horny and frustrated al the time and this made her a better
  slave.  
Another reason she hated eating cunt is that she wasn't bi at all. Of course
  that didn't matter, as her husband told her, albeit indirectly to do it. It
  was implied she would and was expected she would do her utmost to pleas the
  whore. In truth she didn't know if she were a good cunt eater, as she had never
  been eaten out herself.  
It didn't matter though what she liked or didn't like. She would fuck any
  man or bitch her owner told her too, and would do so to the best of her ability
  always concentrating completely on their pleasure and disregarding her own.  
The last reason she hated this was jealousy. Jealousy that she had never
  had her cunt eaten to orgasm. Jealousy that she just worked a 16 hour day to
  come home and pay her day's wages to her owners whore. Infact it bothered her
  more then most things. She would rather be getting a savage beating then eating
  this whore. Her husband said it was to teach her humility, that she is inferior.  
The whore was lost in ecstasy and likely wouldn't have noticed the tears
  from lisa's eyes.  
Her owner was right, she was a jealous whore. She should be happy to slave
  for her owner and pay for his whores. She should be happy to suck this bitches
  cunt, cause he told her too. She should be happy to do whatever he ordered.
  Of all the things lisa had to work on to be a better slave, jealousy was the
  biggest. She knew her owner owed her no fidelity, and she didn't ant him too.
  She was happy that he sought pleasure form numerous other bitches. Women were
  meant to serve, and she felt he should use as many as he could. It was his
  right.  
You stupid cunt, get in there and eat this slut's pussy, lisa thought to
  herself. Give her the pleasure you don't deserve. She's probably a better fuck
  then you. Your owner says your ugly; she's probably prettier too.  
Lisa fantasized she was licking her owner's ass and balls. She fantasized
  she was licking his feet, cleaning the dirt from them. She envisioned sucking
  his cock, or more aptly that he was fucking her throat, choking and gagging
  her. She could taste her owner's cum, and pretended he had just shot it in
  her mouth.  
Lisa recommitted herself to licking the bitches snatch and ass. After a half
  hour and three orgasms, the whore pushed lisa's head away.  
Ok bitch I'm done with you.  
Yes maam. Please tell my owner if you have any complaints.  
Don't worry bitch I will  
You keep your as here  
Yes maam  
The whore left the room for a minute and then returned  
Ok you are to show me out.  
Yes maam  
The whore walked to the living room and picked her jacket off the couch,
  it had been chilly today. Lisa didn't have a coat.  
She held up the coat for lisa, who took it and was stumped a second until
  she realized she was supposed to help put in on the bitch. After the cunt zipped
  up her coat she opened the door and stopped.  
Your husband says you don't do enough to please him. He says you a lazy fuck.  
Yes maam, I need to try harder.  
Oh and he says for me to give you this.  
She snorted real loud and spit right in lisa's face.  
Thank you maam  
The whore laughed and walked out the front door.  
Lisa held back her tears as she shut the door. Even though she didn't expect
  or want fidelity from her owner, it was always a little hard for her to accept
  that he treated common whores better then her. But in a way she was glad. It
  kept her in her place and reminded her that she was nothing but slave with
  fuckholes, whose own wants and needs were completely irrelevant. Indeed if
  he suddenly started treating her nicely she would think something was wrong.
  And if it didn't stop, she would have to leave him for a man who would use
  and abuse her properly.  
Chapter Three  
Evening Activities  
She took a quick survey of the house as she walked to her owner's den. Although
  she had stayed up all night making the house spotless for hum, he apparently
  had spent all day trashing it for her. Good bitch, you'll be up real late again
  tonight making it spotless for him. And when she told her self spotless, she
  meant spotless. There wouldn't be a trace of dust, dirt or hair anywhere. And
  if there was she'd expect a beating for it. There would be no clutter anywhere,
  everything right where her owner demanded it be. All of his clothes freshly
  ironed and neatly folded or hung exactly where he wanted. And she wouldn't
  go to be until she was certain it was as clean as possible, even if it meant
  cutting into her four hours of sleep. Better she only get an hour or two of
  sleep, or none at all, then he find a spec of dust somewhere.  
She would have to start by cleaning up his messes. There were clothes strewn
  around the living. Food and dishes were scattered I the kitchen. The stove
  was a mess. Most notable he had dropped and left a beer can on the floor, which
  had spilled out all over. She made mental notes as she strutted towards his
  den. Big messes first, then noisy things like vacuuming, before he goes to
  bed, then everything else.  
The house was moderately decorated, but would stood out the most were the
  pictures. Around the house there were numerous pictures of bitches from magazines
  or the Internet. He hung many of them up but sometimes made her do it. A few
  were glamour shots of porn stars, but most were violent and degrading acts
  being done to cunts. Whippings, violent fuckings, pissing, hair pulling etc.
  On a piece of paper, under each picture lisa was required to write what she
  could learn fro the picture, and why the bitch in the photo was better then
  she was. There were 50 plus pictures hanging throughout the house and it was
  difficult to write these without getting too redundant. She noticed he had
  hung another one in the hallway, and she had to remember to write her response,
  before bed.  
Walking towards his den, she sneezed. Into her hand. She was forbidden Kleenex
  or toilet paper as her owner refused to waste money on her. She quickly licked
  the snot from her hand and sucked the rest back up her nose. She was careful
  not to wipe away the whore's spit, as her owner would want to see it.  
With renewed vigor she decided she was going to be a better slave. All of
  his complaints about her were valid and she was going do her utmost to please
  him and correct her deficiencies. She minced to the door of his den and knelt
  with legs spread and eyes down. Arms behind her she waited for him to acknowledge
  her. He didn't turn and look at her for nearly five minutes. She knelt silently
  and suppressed another sneeze while she waited. He was looking at Internet
  porn as usual and simultaenously watching a football game. He sat naked in
  his leather chair and periodically stroked his cock as he looked at his smut.  
Finally still without looking at her he snapped his fingers. She immediately
  crawled on hands and knees toward his chair. He grabbed her hair and roughly
  pulled her head towards his dick. She engulfed his cock to the hilt and immediately
  began sucking and licking it. She bobbed up and down a few inches but always
  kept the majority of his 8inch prick in her throat. She licked around his dick
  and she sucked and lapped at his balls when she went al the way down. His dick
  tasted of ass and cunt from the whore he had just fucked. She knew he wanted
  her to clean it for him. He continued to surf his porn as she gobbled his prick
  for the next five minutes. He grabbed a couple pens and dropped them on the
  floor by her. Continuing to suck she hardly missed a beat as he placed the
  pens under knees for added discomfort and then returned her arms behind her.  
She sucked and chocked on his prick for another 7 minutes, before he finally
  said anything to her.  
This bitch is so much hotter then you. I wish I could fuck that ass.  
She mumbled a yes sir, but with his dick in her throat it was unintelligible.
  He kept one hand knotted din her hair, and occasionally pushed down on her,
  though it wasn't necessary. Sometimes he would hold her head all the way down
  and did so for about a minute. She had learned by necessity to breathe through
  her nose. Her nose was running and she was teary eyed from gagging. Though
  still she thought only of his pleasure. She loved sucking his cock and felt
  its oral worship was one of the most important things she could do. Fortunately
  she got to almost every day. He used her throat more then any other hole and
  even when he fucked her cunt or ass, he usually finished I her throat. He was
  forcing her head down faster now, and indication he was about to cum. A minute
  later he shit his load down her throat. He always came a lot. He held her head
  there until he was finished. His grip loosened but he didn't pull her off.
  She felt his prick shrinking as she waited. Finally he yet loose his piss.
  She swallowed as fast as he could, probably gulping down a pint before he was
  finished. Finally he yanked her head off. She remained kneeling on the pens,
  eyes cast down.  
So you only made 78 today cunt?  
Yes sir I'm sorry sir  
How many males' orders did you fuck up today?  
4 sir  
He smacked her four times.  
What the fuck is wrong with you. How long have you been a waitress, your
  whole fucking life, and you can't keep a few orders straight  
I'm sorry sir.  
God you are pathetic.  
How did I get such a stupid slave?  
I'm sorry sir  
Your worthless ass needs to start bringing in more cash, whores aren't cheap
  you know.  
Yes sir  
Have you gotten that third job yet?  
No sire but I've put in application at five places, and hope to have one
  soon.  
I want your fat lazy ass working doubles seven days a week.  
Yes sir  
He lit up a cigarette as he traditionally did after coming and blew smoke
  in her face. He put the lit cigarette to her tits several times then to nipples
  and neck and face. She held still and winced but didn't cry out or at least
  made a slight whimper. He used her mouth as his ashtray, which she conveniently
  held open for him. When he finished it, he tossed the butt in.  
You love me cunt?  
Yes sir with all my heart sir  
Show it  
Still kneeling her arms behind her she bent down and kissed his bare feet,
  bathing them with her tongue. He put his foot on her head pinning it to the
  ground she struggled to lick its bottom as he did.  
He jammed his toes in her mouth and slaved to suck and clean between them.
  After about five minutes, he pushed her head away with his foot.  
Get to work bitch  
Yes sir  
She knelt up, removed the pens and put them on his desk, then crawled out
  of the room once, once out she rose to her aching feet which hurt even worse
  now that she had been off them and began her chores, which would occupy the
  rest of the evening.  
She minced into the kitchen, got on her hands and knees and with a small
  towel did her absolute best to scrub up the bill he spilled. She had very items
  to use for cleaning, and he expected her to make do with as little as possible.
  An old toothbrush, a couple ripped rags, were the only instruments she had
  to clean u messes. She was also forbidden to use water, since they had a water
  bill, so she wetted the rags were her mouth of licked crusted stains to moisten
  them. She was allotted a very small amount of soap so she could hand wash all
  the dishes, and she had to have them dry and spotless before they were put
  away. Vacuuming and ironing were easy, but folding and putting away his clothes
  was more difficult as he was very meticulous how he wanted everything folded
  and where it was to be kept. Dusting had to be done every day, and it was a
  challenge to remember to do every nook and cranny where dust could accumulate.
  Plus her old rage didn't exactly pick up dust, so she found licking her fingers
  and using them actually worked a little better. After about three hours of
  meticulous cleaning, she found the house looked as clean as when she left this
  morning.  
Lisa knelt at a table in front of the new picture smut picture her owner
  hung today. She had t write an assessment of what she could learn from the
  picture and why the bitch or bitches in the photo were better then her. SO
  exhausted was she, that she almost forgot to get her triangle kneeling block.
  It was a 2ft triangle shaped bad she was required to kneel on when she wrote.
  Theses moments were considered to be her personal reflection time, where she
  should kneel and think not only about the picture, but also about what it means
  to be a bitch and how she can improve her service to her owner. Kneeling there
  she was careful not lean or put any weight on the table. In fact she kept one
  are behind her and only her pen touched the table, that way she made sure her
  entire fat ass was painfully supported on her knees.  
This picture had a cunt with a black eye and split lip. She had stripes and
  bruises all down her back and ass, and her tits looked swollen and purple.
  She was being gang raped by three men, each hole servicing a cock. The bitch
  had cum on her face, hair and ass, as well as some blood. She had an agonizing
  look on her face. Lisa stared at the picture for minutes racking her tired
  little brain o what to write.  
The bitch in this picture exemplifies what it means to be a proper cunt.
  Selflessly serving men with all her holes. She ignores her own pain and discomfort
  and focuses solely on pleasing her superiors. As is proper these men use this
  cunt solely for their enjoyment and with a total disregard for the bitch, showing
  her only contempt and disgust. This is perfect example of how a slut should
  be used and how she must serve.  
I think this whore is better looking then me in everyway possible, her face
  even with cum on it and a cock down her throat is prettier, her cunt and ass
  appear more fuckable, her tits are bigger fuller and no doubt funner to torture
  then my small bags. Her fuckholes appear much tighter then mien and are certainly
  more enjoyable to use. I envy this cunt as she is clearly better then me in
  every way.  
Chapter Four  
Testing Her  
Her knees were almost numb with pain by the time she finished writing. Her
  owner had snuck up behind her and roughly grabbed, squeezed and began mauling
  her bruised tits. Lisa moved both arms behind her keeping them out of the way,
  and he used all hi strength to pinch and twist her battered udders. He was
  also pushing his weight down on her, forcing her now bruised and bleeding knees
  deeper into the triangle.  
Are you finished bitch  
Yes sir  
Good, turn your skanky ass around, I want to test you.  
Yes sir  
She quickly turned around trying in vain to avoid causing her knees any more
  pain. Her legs felt like they were going to fall off below the knees. Still
  she did not delay rekneeling on the triangle, and facing him. She had all her
  clothes off in seconds, only her holes remained filled, and her heels and waist
  crushing corset remained. He was naked, and his glistening cock hung right
  in her face. In his hands he held two full size dictionaries. Without being
  told she held her arm straight out to the side, palms up. He placed one dictionary
  in each hand. She could not hold the dictionary simply balance it in her palm,
  and she must keep her arms straight out the whole time.  
Once the books were in her palms, he began smacking her face, hard, left
  and right; the last three of four blows were actually punches. Her face was
  a mix of snot, blood and tears. After every blow she turned her bloodies face
  up towards his, eyes staring at his, her mouth wise open. He snorted and spit
  down partly into her mouth the rest unto her face. He grabbed her by the skull
  and slammed his 8in prick into her throat and began a long brutal fast furious
  assault. She could hear the ticking of the stopwatch, as he timed the event.
  Choking and unable to breathe she did her utmost to please his dick attempting
  to lick and massage it with her mouth and throat as it banged around. He alternated
  between fucking her face furiously fast, and holding her face at the base of
  his cock, hiding it in his overgrown public hair. She was proud o her self,
  her dual goals of holding the books steady, despite the tremendous pain and
  strain in her arms and shoulders, and simultaneously slaving to please his
  dick.  
After several minutes of face fucking, he let go and smacked her head  
You suck now lazy ass  
Yes sir, she mumbled are around his prick  
She immediately began piloting her head up and down his thick shaft, She
  moved fast and provided his dick with plenty of licking. She cared not that
  she couldn't breathe, or that her throat was raw fro frequent use and abuse,
  only that he be pleasured, as he deserved.  
He grabbed her nipples and began torturing them as she slaved for him, HE
  twisted and pulled and pinched them so hard they certainly would have come
  off, had her skin not been so resilient. If they hadn't been black and blue
  before, they certainly were now. He moved on to the whole of her udders and
  began smacking and then punching them, amusing himself as they flapped around.
  He used hi knuckles and punched deep into her tit meat, all while she suffocated
  on his prick.  
Keep sucking bitch, she told herself. Please your man you fucking whore.
  This is your chance to prove you aren't completely worthless. Embrace your
  pain while you pleasure him. His pleasure is paramount.  
Still mauling one tit, he picked up a cane and began smacking her back and
  ass with it. She screamed around his dick with each stroke, but never missed
  beat pleasuring him. After about a ten minute caning, her backhand ass, raw,
  welted and bleeding, her arms lowered too much for his licking and he slammed
  hi fist into her mouth, knocking her offer the triangle.  
Assume fuck position one bitch, against the wall.  
Without hesitation, she got up against the desk, her bare back against the
  rough jagged wall. She pulled her legs up and out until she was painfully widespread
  and the tops of her feet touched the wall. Most of her weight was supported
  be her bony ass on the table, her tailbone digging uncomfortably into the wood.  
He looked at her bare snatch, and crudely pulled out the four needles that
  held her cunt together. The large thick dildo nearly shot out of her overstuff
  cunt. It was covered in cunt juice and blood. He yanked the rest out of her.
  Then stuck his hand in her ass, and pulled out the jagged item he had placed
  up there yesterday. To her surprise it was a thick stick, really more of a
  small log, covered I bark and her blood.  
His prick still l rock hard fro her sucking was jammed in her cunt without
  further delay, and he fucked her with all the affection a rapist would show
  a whore. She struggles to maintain her pose and he used her. Scrapes and abrasions
  were forming on her back as it was scratched against the wall, and her tailbone
  felt like it was going to snap fro the pressure on the table. Still she held
  her legs wise for him and feigned a smile as he fucked her. He liked to see
  his bitch smile and show her happiness in being defiled. She kept her eyes
  and forced smile o him, as she squeezed her cunt, to provide him extra pleasure.
  Everyday while working or cleaning, she practiced for hours squeezing her cunt
  and ass muscles to keep them tight for his use.  
She was in heaven, nothing was more important to her then to serve him this
  way. Without missing a beat he pulled out and slammed into her ass, and continued
  his frenzied drilling. He looked at her eyes and sneered at her. His contempt
  of her didn't need to be stated, though it often was.  
While fucking her ass, he suddenly stopped  
Fuck yourself whore  
She started moving as best she could despite the pain fucking her own ass,
  though it was very ackward for her as her hands had to hold her ankles. SO
  she rubbed her back raw against the wall struggling to fuck him fast and hard
  as he expects.  
He had picked up the needles fro her cunt, and without any production shoved
  two thick needles into each tit. They were about two inches long and he buried
  them as completely as he could into her flesh and then began squeezing her
  udders hard. He was smiling at her almost laughing as he watched her face for
  expressions. She continued to look at him and force a truly agonized smiled
  as tears feel from her eyes. Her crying moans and owes betrayed the pain she
  was in.  
Since your lazy ass didn't earn any money today, I've arranged for you to
  be gangraped again tonight.  
Thank you sir she said gasping in pain  
They are to pay you fifty bucks, and will leave when its tem for you to get
  ready for work  
I don't want any complaints like last time.  
Bitch, you will do everything they want to their complete satisfaction.  
Yes sir  
Don't even think about pleasuring yourself  
Never sir  
Harder, I'm almost there twat  
She redoubled her efforts and fucked her ass as hard and fast as she could
  while he stood with his hands on his waist, and a glare of contempt on his
  face.  
Yea bitch, yea he yelled as he shot his load in her ass.  
She kept fucking until her yanked out.  
Go clean up, your rapists will be here soon  
Yes sir.  
She stumbled barely able to walk. Her feet, knees, lower and upper back,
  made each step agony. But dutifully she climbed her way into the basement to
  her bathroom. In the corner of the unfinished basement. Were boxes that were
  once her possessions. Some were sold and the rest were left to grow mold down
  here. He hadn't gotten around to disposing of her things. In the corner was
  a small filthy sink and toilet so disgustingly filthy it made you yearn for
  a trucker's restroom.  
She finally sat on the cold enamel and let her bladder go. I was the first
  good feeling she had all day. It took over minute to fully empty herself  
She went to the sink and cracked mirror, to apply mascara and lipstick. What
  she had was old and given to her second hand, so she had to make it last. She
  grabbed her shaver, which was also second hand, and given to her two years.
  Her owner had her fish it out of the trash. It was so dull it didn't cut hairs;
  it simply snagged and ripped them out. She shaved her whole body every day,
  and had to go over and over with this razor to get all the hair. Her owner
  didn't want any hair on her below the eyes brows. A stray hair here or there
  was the source of alto of grief for her. It was difficult to see, having only
  the dimly lie light bulb in the cold unheated basement. When finished shaving
  she steeped over to the shower and turned it on. Ice cold water shot out at
  full blast. She had to hurry, she was only allowed to use five minute of cold
  water a day for a shower. She unclasped her corset, and took off her heels.
  And jumped into the water. Grabbing the crusted brillo pad she scrubbed her
  self all over using the force of the water to clean herself. Freezing she shut
  of the water when done, and grabbed the old hand towel to dab herself dry.
  Without any adieu she slipped her corset back on and retightened it to its
  max. So used to wearing it she had become uncomfortable not feeling its crushing
  presence. Likewise her heels belonged on her feet, and the few minutes she
  stood I the shower, were on her tiptoes. Her claves would not permit otherwise.
  Before putting on her shoes. She checked the bottoms of her feet for metal
  splinters and found several, not allowed tweezers she did her best to put them
  out with her fingers. But a few were unreachable and would have to remain.
  She didn't have time to keep digging. The splinters she pulled out were dumped
  back into her heels.  
Lisa was a little disappointed she wouldn't get to sleep any tonight. A few
  hours rest would have really helped, especially since she was working another
  double tomorrow. But still she was glad in a way. She knew her owner was irritated
  with her service, and she wanted the opportunity to train and push her self
  harder. She never felt more like a woman then when she was being fucked  
Chapter Five  
Mother's Lessons  
By the time she got back to her room the three men were already waiting for
  her. Two of them were smoking, and al three were leering at her with lust and
  bulges they weren't trying to hide.  
Hello sirs, how may I please you tonight?  
They all chuckled. She hadn't bother wearing anything but her corset and
  heels. The biggest man who was more fat then anything grabbed and tongue kissed
  her deep, she allowed her mouth to penetrated and licked his tongue. Another
  came up behind her and was squeezing her sore ass. Within minutes the men were
  groping her, which had started slow, but had quickly become a crude game. She
  was being shoved from man to man, kissed slapped, pinched groped. Her hair
  was pulled, she was spat on and slapped, and the insults began. Lisa tried
  her hardest to please each man, hoping they were satisfied with her performance.
  But at this point they were simply toying with her and enjoying mistreating
  her. Finally the three men, two of whom were, fat, one whom was skinny, stripped
  off their clothes. She knelt and sucked one or two at time to get them hard
  or harder. AS directed she sat and slammed her cunt down on the fattest man's
  cock. And the other two took their place in her mouth and ass respectively.
  It was anything but ant orderly duck as each man went at their own pace, though
  all fucked hard. The user in her mouth grabbed her hair and squeezed her throat
  as he dilled his sausage deep. The man doing her ass was jamming her to the
  hilt and mauling her ass while digging his fingernails into her flesh. But
  it was the fattest man who made her suffer the most. He mauled and tortured
  her udders the entire time. He seemed to want to make every part of her bags
  blistered and bruised. The needles imbedded deep her tit meat spilled drops
  of blood every time he squeezed and twisted her bags.  
She strived hard to please each man, keeping her hands out of the way so
  they hurt her at will, and squeezing her fuck holes to give them more pleasure.
  She fucked herself as hard as she could knowing these men liked it rough and
  wanted her to suffer. And suffer she did, as they took turns swapping holes
  and cumming multiple times in each one. She did everything she was told, never
  once hesitating to obey a command no matter how painful or degrading. There
  were a few down period for the men after they came, when she had t amuse them
  by torturing herself. Slapping her own face and twisting and slapping her tits.
  She pinched and pulled on her cunt lips and clit as they taunted and laughed
  at her. She drank their piss a couple of times after the came. One of the men
  snapped numerous pictures of her.  
These men were all rapists, though she was technically whoring for her owner.
  He would be paid 50 total for her use. Not 50 a man, but 50 altogether, He
  never charged more then 50 for her, regardless of how many men came, so, the
  fattest man usually brought two friends, and sometimes more. While she relished
  the opportunity to please and serve so many men, she had a special affection
  for the fattest man. He was easily the most sadistic of the three and the only
  man to ever truly rape her. He had grabbed her on the way to work a few years
  ago and forcibly took her. She did not resist much as it was not in her nature
  but was confused on what to do, since she knew her owner would not approve.
  Her owner beat her savagely and made her apoligize repeatedly for being raped
  and then tracked down the fat man. Not for vengeance but for compensation.
  After that he worked out a deal to whore her to him and his friends if he wanted
  her that bad. Only 50 bucks a night. The fat man and his friends were a regular
  part of her life now. She slaved to please them like she did her owner. Bt
  like her owner they were never satisfied and always gave complaints. But she
  was glad they did, as anything little thing that was not right for them she
  should correct.  
After brutal hours of fucking and sucking the men were tired of her. She
  showed them t the door. As she thanked each one, they each spit in her face
  as they left. She went back to her room and collapsed on her dirty mattress,
  covered, in blood, piss and cum. She had about five minutes to rest before
  she had to get ready for work. No time to sleep, just some reflection time.
  She through about the three men, and wondered what more she could have done
  to please them.  
As she rested her thoughts drifted to her child hood where she first learned
  how to be a properly submissive woman. As a young girl she always had to do
  more chores then her younger brother. But as they got older she began doing
  his chores as well. She was also taught to wait on him and her father hand
  a foot. She saw her mother as a slave to her father and brother, and her mother
  brought her up to be a proper slave to men. Her mother taught her so many important
  lessons.  
Being skinny is import for a bitch; you should always starve yourself to
  be pretty for them.  
You are inferior and your purpose in life is to serve men  
Always defer your wants and needs to any man's whims  
Self sacrifice and suffering is your lot in life and you must embrace this.  
Sex or fucking is purely for the man's pleasure. Your only satisfaction should
  come from pleasing them.  
Never argue or talk back to a man.  
Never refuse a man orders  
You should work to support your man so he has leisure time to do what he
  wishes.  
Housework is entirely women's work and you must do it your man's satisfaction.  
She recited these and many other bits of wisdom her mother left with her.  
She remembered her first time. What a silly production that was. Her brother
  had informed her dad that his friend wanted to fuck her. Her dad decided it
  was time she started sexually serving men, so he arranged a "date". She had
  not wanted to go, as her brother's friend was ugly and immature. But her mother
  had set her down and talked with her.  
Mom please I don't; want to go  
Shush hon, it doesn't matter what you want  
You are old enough to start pleasing men with your body, and its important
  for you to have practice to be pleasing.  
I know mom, but I don't like him, can't it be someone else?  
No your father has made up his mine.  
But he's ugly, stupid and immature and he's younger.  
He is a man and that makes him better then you. This will be good for your
  humility. You must learn to serve regardless of your wants and likes. Do you
  understand?  
Yes mom.  
She had been a little excited to be fucked and start pleasing like she was
  supposed to, but more then that, she was just happy about being able to get
  out. Unlike her brother, she was forbidden any friends or social life, and
  her days consisted of school and her evening entirely of chores. That is except
  for the evenings she worked her part time job. She had to give her entire earnings
  to her brother, but she still liked working, as it provided some variety to
  her otherwise dull life.  
Her mother had her dress in a very short skirt shirt that just barely covered
  her ass. A tight v-neck blouse that shown half her tits Stockings, pigtails
  and 4inch stilettos topped off the picture.  
Mom I look like a slut in this outfit.  
You are a slut hon, all women are and it's important that he sees you as
  one and treats you that way. He's learning too, He needs to learn how to be
  a man and how to treat us women. And while you learn your place tonight he's
  gonna learn his.  
Now lets review some things hon, what are you?  
I'm a slut, a whore and a bitch.  
That's' right, you are those things and every other dirty word men call us.
  It's important you don't forget that.  
Yes mom  
Now what are you gonna do tonight?  
Please a man  
And how are you gonna do that?  
Umm.. By doing whatever he wants?  
That's right  
Now a few pointers on how to be a good whore for him.  
He will probably want head in the car, but make sure you offer it to him
  if he doesn't demand it. There may be an annoying center counsel I the way,
  depending what he drives, but don't you ever let your discomfort get In the
  way of his pleasure.  
Of course not, mom  
Now he will of course decide all the activities you do, and you only offer
  you opinion if he asks for it.  
And if he asks you what you want to do, you will say?  
Take me to a motel and use me  
Good, certainly you want to offer your holes up for his use, but don't suggest
  a motel unless you also offer to pay for it.  
Yes mom  
Your brother is giving you some money back for you date tonight, you will
  make that up to him later.  
Of course  
Never expect a man to spend money on you. You are there for his pleasure,
  convenience and enjoyment, never your own.  
Yes mom, I understand  
Good you little bitch, I think you are ready  
Her mom gave her a few more pointers and her demonstrated for her how to
  suck dick on a dildo. By the time her "date" arrived her cunt was soaked with
  the though of being used for the first time.  
Chapter Six  
First Date  
She waited outside on the steps and teetered up to his car when he arrived.
  He was a half an hour late.  
He didn't get out of hid car, so she waited with her eyes downcast while
  he examined her.  
Hello sir  
Lisa?  
Yes sir, but you may call me whatever you wish  
He chuckled  
Get in  
She quickly and awkwardly opened his door and got in.  
He stared her up in down in her sluttish outfit, almost drooling at the mouth.
  The bulge in his pants was blatantly apparent  
She was happy that she appeared pleased him, though he could have done more
  to prepare himself. He face was scruffy, and he jeans had holes in them. He
  smelled of cigarettes and beer. His t-shirt sported a few stains, and his face
  had apparently never known an oxy pad.  
He had almost no hesitation in groping her. His hands immediately went towards
  her tits and squeezed hard.  
She moved her arms out of the way and spread her legs like her mom taught
  her, as she uncomfortably stared at the floor. There was trash at her feet.  
He rubbed her cunt and put fingers in her mouth, which she instinctively
  sucked on.  
Her mother had prepared her for all this, but she wished it wasn't happening
  right in front of her dad's house.  
So what you want to do tonight he said grinning and not bothering to take
  his finger out of her mouth.  
Around his finger she mumbled, whatever you want sir. I have money for a
  motel.  
He was smiling from ear to ear, and finally removed his finger, leaving a
  trail of drool that fell on her shirt.  
Ok bitch, I know a place.  
Yes sir  
They drove in silence for a bit until remember what her mom said.  
Sir, if you wish I will pleasure you while you drive?  
Huh? What do you mean?  
He is stupid, she thought.  
I will suck your cock sir.  
Fuck yea, he said loosening his pants and flopping his dick out.  
She quickly knelt on the trash by her feet and brought her mouth to his dick.
  She had her hands o the seat until she remembered it was proper to cross her
  arms behind her.  
His cock stiffened immediately, and her cunt wetted at the though that this
  was the most important thing she'd ever done.  
She lost track of time, sucking and bobbing on his prick, he said little,
  mostly just mumbling, words like slut and bitch, and oh yea.  
He parked at some point, but she continued sucking. Doing everything with
  her mouth and tongue that her mother had showed her.  
He grabbed her hair and began pushing her head up and down, and moaning louder.
  She tried to let him control her head and finally he just shoved her all the
  way down. She tried to avoid gagging, but she did.  
His cum followed simultaneously with his yells of "yes" and she began choking
  on it.  
I the future she would be able to better prepare for a man's cum, by the
  tension her mouth felt on his dick, but this was her first time.  
He held her down for a few seconds more and then yanked her off by the hair.  
She was coughing cum up into her mouth and a little spilled out onto his
  seat. She put her hand to her mouth to keep any more from coming out and then
  took a big swallow.  
I'm sorry sir, she said looking down.  
May I clean your seat for you?  
Yea, go ahead  
She leaned down and sucked the spot where his cum had dripped and then licked
  it with her tongue. His seat as a crappy cloth and contained numerous stains
  of god know what, but she was embarrassed that she had spilled any of his come.
  She licked for minute until she was sure she had gotten it all.  
Then she straightened up but remained on her knees  
Uh, were here bitch, go and get us a room.  
Yes sir  
She clumsily got of his car as he lit a cigarette. If he had wanted to choose
  a dump, he couldn't have done much better. The place looked like a string of
  uninhabitable shacks. She noticed the sign that said cheapest rooms in town,
  and thought that was probably accurate.  
She paid 25 bucks for the room and walked out with a key attached to apiece
  of wood.  
The room itself was small and dingy with a musty smell. It didn't appear
  that anyone had been in here in sometime, let alone cleaned it.  
She turned around and eyes downcast, hand clasped n front of her waited for
  him to do what he wished  
He paused only briefly, then came over and starting groping her again. As
  he did, she moved her hands back behind her.  
Finally he kissed her for the first time, shoving his tongue deep in her
  mouth. His breath smelled like cigarettes, beer and some other foul odor, she
  didn't want t think about.  
He pushed her down to her knees and pulled his prick out again. Later she
  would learn t o put something down to kneel on to make herself more uncomfortable.  
Se sucked at his leisure until he pulled her off by the hair and tossed her
  to the bed. He quickly climbed don top of her. He small skirt rode up exposing
  her bare twat and he wasted no time jabbing his prick into her.  
He stared at her face seeming to relish the look of pain that displayed as
  he speared her. She kept her legs spread and lifted them into the air, although
  it was painful and difficult for her. He was smashing her tits with his hands
  as he pounded into her, making loud slaps against her cunt.  
Her holes were tight having never been used before, and she hoped her cunt
  was pleasing to him  
You like this bitch he grunted at her.  
Yes sir very much, sir  
Am I pleasing to you?  
You're alright  
He started fucking her harder, making her moan in pain. Digging his fingernails
  into her now bare tits she he fucked her at a frenzied pace until he shot his
  load.  
She remembered feeling happy that a man had used her body for his pleasure
  for the first time. She remembered staring at his face and seeing his pleasure.
  He fucked her four or five more times that night until, bending her over the
  bed and on the floor.  
He had fucked her cunt three times, and was fucking her cunt a fourth, until
  she reminded him that he could use her ass.  
He didn't waste any time in pulling out and crudely trying to slam his dick
  in her ass.  
Dry with no lube and extremely tight he had a hard time fitting his prick
  in there, but she did everything she could to accommodate him.  
Finally after some blood sweat and tears on her part, he had forced himself
  up her ass, and seemed very proud of it.  
He grinned down at her as he slammed her ass and she did her best to relax
  and let him use her.  
After he came he collapse unto the bed.  
Not missing a beat, she said, Sir may I clean your dick for you.  
What? Yea slut do it.  
She licked and sucked his dick again, both to get him hard again, and to
  clean it. She ignored the foul taste and did her utmost to cleanse it for him  
He responded by getting hard again and shoving it right back up her ass.  
She had no idea what time he took her home but it was the middle of the morning.
  He didn't get out of his car again,  
Thank you for a wonderful evening sir  
Welcome whore. Tel your brother I said hi  
Yes sir  
She got out and she sped off squealing his tires.  
She remembered walking u pt the house her holes in pain, dripping blood and
  cum and smiling knowing now what it meant to be a woman.  
Chapter Seven  
Counseling Services  
She couldn't remember a day where her mother wasn't beaten. Her father was
  always slapping and punching her, if not outright beating her with fists or
  other instruments. He did it whenever he was angry or just whenever it suited
  him. She remembered quite clearly that her mother never offered any protest
  and always took her beatings with great submission. Her mother always sported
  cuts, bruises and welts, and she couldn't remember her with out any.  
But what she did remember was the day the police came. Her mother had always
  taken her beatings and punishments fairly silently. Though on this day her
  father was drunk and was whipping her back, ass and thighs bloody raw. Her
  mother towards the end started screaming, though to her credit she held her
  place. Her father never let up, until the knock at the door.  
Stay where you are bitch  
Yes sir  
He answered the door and it was the police. Apparently a neighbor had heard
  screaming and called them.  
Her father began bullshitting them, that his wife was a bitch and never cleaned
  and was having one of her tantrums, etc. She had never heard her father so
  thoroughly berate her mother to strangers. What struck her the most is that
  he was lying through his teeth. But he struck a cord with the officers, who
  seemed to be nodding in agreement or understanding.  
The asked to see his wife who showed up at the door fully dressed something
  very rare in this house.  
Are you alright maam we had reports of screaming?  
Oh yes officers, I'm fine. This is my fault  
Yea the bitch has been drinking and threw one of her tantrums again. She
  doesn't usually get this loud.  
He's right officers, I'm sorry it won't happen again.  
Had there been any hitting here?  
Yea she hit me a few times again,  
Is this true maam?  
Following her husbands lead, she nodded yes officers I'm sorry, it wont happen
  again.  
Well if there has been hitting you are gonna half to come with us.  
Oh dear, I'm sorry, do I have to?  
Yes maam you do.  
Only lisa and her mother saw the sneering grin her father gave as she was
  led away in cuffs.  
He didn't want to bother bonding her out, so she sat in jail a week until
  given the chance to plead guilty to battery. She was sentenced to time served
  and had to do a counseling class.  
Her husband helped arrange that class which had her mother reporting to some
  chauvinistic pig, who instructed her on how to be a better wife. She remembered
  recalling some of the lessons her mother shared with her. Her mother continued
  those lessons for years; as she found them instructional and said they helped
  to keep her in her place.  
But she most vividly remembered the day her mother walked home fro the jail.
  Her father was punching and slapping her as she profusely apologized for getting
  the police called. She promised to make it up to him and he stated she was
  gonna do just that.  
He continued the whipping he had been giving her the night she was arrested.
  In fact this time it was even harder, and he whipped her front and back. Her
  entire body bloody and raw, she kept quite the whole time, hardly making more
  then soft moans.  
When her father quite, she could scarcely believe her mother could walk.  
Her father plopped down in his chair  
Get me a cold beer bitch and then start your chores. This place hasn't been
  cleaned in a week. And I want you to think hard about how you can make this
  up to me  
Yes sir, I will.  
Her nostalgia time up, lisa got her bony ass up and got ready for work. Another
  double awaited her today. And she needed to look into the possibility of getting
  that third job.  
She dragged herself downstairs into the cold basement and prepared herself
  for another long grueling day.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CRUDEDUDE


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





