BDSM Library - Darla




Darla
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She had to endure hours of stringent bondage...but there was a payout at the end.DARLA  
Darla's breath whistled in an out of her nose in panting, raspy gasps as
  she fought an overload of conflicting sensations and emotions.  
 She felt the agony of many hours of bound, helpless immobility. Every muscle
  and joint in her body was in some way stretched, twisted, or bend into a contorted,
  painful position, and held that way by tight, biting cords and equally tight
  leather and rubber contrivances that kept her deaf, silent and sightless.  
She felt the ecstasy as waves of sexual pleasure coursed through her body.
  Her ripe, hard nipples, both pink holes and her stiff, slippery clit were endlessly
  assaulted by a variety of buzzing, pinching, throbbing, burrowing implements
  of erotic torment.  
Oh God, how it hurt. How wonderful it felt.  
She lay naked, on her belly, on an unyielding concrete floor. She was in
  a small, dark room. The air was stuffy&hellip;.the room, unventilated, had
  become warm and humid. The smell in the room was strong and unmistakable&hellip;.that
  of an aroused woman. Her body glistened with sweat. Pungent brown fluid generated
  deep in her plundered, spasming bowel oozed around the huge black rubber plug
  which stretched her aching sphincter. Slippery, musky smelling secretions gushed
  around the shiny steel invader buried deep in her vagina, and welled up on
  the pink inner folds before dripping slowly onto the floor. A glistening wet
  spot on the floor was evidence of the effect the stimulation was having on
  her body.  
There was a thin chain around her waist, fastened by a small padlock. It
  was so tight that the chain almost disappeared into her flesh. A second chain
  affixed to the waist chain passed between the crack in her ass and the folds
  of her labia, eventually locking at her waist just below her navel. This chain
  was tight also, and served to hold the implements of her arousal buried deeply
  inside her two pink holes. Wires ran from both to a small control box. It was,
  of course, microprocessor controlled, and it functioned in a mindless, remorseless
  manner. The computer had several options available for each buried implement.
  Perhaps a high frequency buzz, or maybe a deep resonant throb. It might choose
  a pleasant tickle of electricity, a tingle, an excruciating zap of amps, or
  everything in between. Or&hellip;worst of all&hellip;.nothing.  
Her beautiful 36C breasts didn't escape treatment either. Her captor had
  chosen rough, brown sisal cord for her bondage. Each full breast had been bound
  around the based until they bulged like two balloons. Cords circled her torso.
  Three loops above, and below her breasts, with a cinch bringing the bands together
  between her breasts. This harness of ropes was the foundation for her stringent
  arm bondage. It was so tight that it restricted her breathing. Her large pink
  nipples were now an angry dark red from the pressure of the spring loaded nipple
  clamps. Wires from these clamps ran to the same control unit, and her nipples
  were "treated" to the same range of electrical stimulation as the tender flesh
  between her legs.  
Darla has beautiful, lustrous jet black hair, but the only glimpse available
  of her wonderful mane is a tendril that has slipped under the snug, stiff posture
  collar around her neck. Darla's head is completely enclosed in a heavy leather
  punishment helmet. Inside the hood heavy pads are strategically placed to cover
  each eye, and muffle each ear. There are no eyeholes, no possibility of light
  infiltrating her darkness. The hood forms to her features, with two small fitting
  at her nose. Each fitting has a small tube that enters her nostril on the inside.
  The tubes pass through the leather, and protrude a half inch outside the hood.
  The tubes are threaded at the end and there are attachments that marry up with
  these threads. It is possible to link the wearer to a "scent casket". A variety
  of unpleasant aromas or odors can be loaded in the various compartments, forcing
  the wearer of the hood to endure noxious smells with each precious breath.
  There are also fittings to reduce the size of the opening. Each tube is normally &frac14; inch,
  which will provide sufficient airflow to allow oxygen for even a moderate amount
  of struggling. Smaller openings make breathing more difficult, and force the
  wearer into complete inactivity with a total focus of taking deep, slow breaths.
  The smallest openings are little more than a mere pore, and force the wearer
  to struggle for survival. Darla's openings are 1/8 inch&hellip;.enough air&hellip;but
  just barely. The tight compression of her chest by the rope harness, the endless
  orgasmic torment between her thighs and the reduced airflow of her discipline
  helmet all contribute to her erratic noisy gasping for air.  
There is no mouth opening to the hood as the leather flows from the nose
  opening under the jaw, and down the neck. It is airtight. A wide strap covers
  the mouth area, and buckles behind her neck. Even inside the helmet it is obvious
  from the distention of her jaw and the bulge of her cheeks that her mouth is
  stuffed. A large block of dense foam has been carefully carved to occupy every
  cranny of Darla's mouth. She opened her mouth as widely as possible and the
  huge foam plug was jammed between her lips, over her teeth, and into her oral
  cavity. The bulk of the mass pressed against the roof of her mouth, and held
  her tongue firmly captive. Foam wings off each side wedged between her upper
  and lower molars, making her cheeks bulge out like a chipmunk. Grooves at the
  top and bottom of the mass mated with her with upper and lower front teeth,
  and at least an inch of sponge protruded from her mouth. When the strap was
  buckled across her lower face, this protrusion was forced back into her mouth,
  increasing the pressure of the gag, and pushing the mass more deeply into her
  throat.  
Darla's arms were bound behind her, crossed, with her hands drawn up between
  her shoulder blades in a stringent hammerlock position. The sisal digs into
  the flesh of her bound wrists, chafing her skin. Her hands are tied to the
  rope harness that tightly circles her torso, and addition ropes wrap around
  her upper arms and body, holding her elbows in tightly against her ribs, pushing
  her wrists even higher toward towards her neck.  
Her legs are bound with her ankles crossed. This serves to keep access open
  to her abused pink holes, while making it impossible for the bound girl to
  roll over on her side. Her ankles have been linked to the harness circling
  her torso just above her bound wrists. This link was tightened, bending the
  girl backwards until her shoulders, chest and magnificent breasts came completely
  off the floor. The final piece of her bondage was a cord attached to a ring
  sewn into her discipline helmet at the top of her head. The other end was threaded
  through her torso rope harness, and pulled tight. Darla's head was pulled back
  until the poor girl's blind eyes were pointed towards the ceiling.  
The tight cords on Darla's wrists and the harsh arm position are slowly impeding
  the flow of blood to her hands. She flutters her fingers to maintain feeling
  and circulation, but slowly they are turning grey and lifeless&hellip;.not
  to the point of danger, but certainly nearing the point where her hands will
  be numb and useless. A small silver ball is clutched desperately in her left
  hand. For whatever reason, the sphere seems important to the bound woman.  
Clearly the woman was in a terrible situation. Stringent bondage, blinded,
  harshly gagged&hellip;gasping for air, her sensitive flesh under relentless
  torment.  
She had nobody but herself to blame.  
---------------------------------------------------  
Two nights earlier Darla was happily in John's bed. She was tautly spread
  eagled to the bedposts by thick leather cuffs and straps. Her ass was raised
  by the several large pillows underneath her, and after an hour of erotic foreplay
  he had plundered her dripping gash from behind with his wonderful, thick, eight
  inch prick. Darla's three inch ballgag only partially muffled her moans of
  delight. She laid breathing softly in the aftermath, her sweaty body relaxing.
  He lay beside her, stoking her back, kneading the firm, resilient ass cheeks.
  She was almost asleep, when he murmured in an offhand manner, "How about if
  we get married?"  
No woman was ever less able to express her surprise and happiness. All she
  could do was quiver in her bonds with tears of joy streaming down her cheeks. "Well?" he
  asked.  
"Nnnnn&hellip;unnnnnnhh hunnnnhh!" she exclaimed wetly, nodding her head
  emphatically.  
-----------------------------------------------------  
Darla was an accountant, and had met John at a Young Republicans meeting.
  She was attractive, but reserved in her demeanor. She had been through several
  relationships, and was sexual active, but none of them had come to anything.
  She felt something was missing in her life, but she didn't know what.  
John had taken care of that. He was a lawyer, wealthy from an inherited fortune,
  with a large house on the ocean and his choice of a Porsche or Escalade to
  drive depending on his mood. He had his choice of women, but he too was looking
  for something, and in Darla found kindred, complimentary spirit.  
For 3 months he had nurtured her budding submissiveness, and she had grown
  to embrace her tightly bound helplessness.  
Later, she sat naked on his lap in front of the computer. Their voyage of
  discovery had taken them to the internet, and there were several favorite sites
  where they purchased new toys, and gained inspiration for new experiences. "This
  weekend we will shop for an engagement ring," he told her, "but I have something
  I need to show you." He opened his video player, and clicked on a file. "I
  found this last week&hellip;..take a look." Darla's eyes opened wide as she
  looked at the image moving on the screen. Most internet bondage was a mixture
  of ropes and cheesecake. Beautiful models, with perfect hair, makeup and lipstick,
  wearing frilly lingerie were displayed in bondage that ranged from the silly
  to moderately tight. This image was different. She could not see the face of
  the woman, because she was tightly hooded. She was naked on a dirty concrete
  floor. Sweat poured off the captive woman as she strained against the tightest
  bondage that Darla had ever seen. The camera moved behind her, and Darla could
  see that her pussy was shaved, and her two bald, wet, pink openings were distended
  by huge plugs.  
"Golly John", exclaimed Darla. "That really looks hard on the girl." John
  smiled, and looked his future bride in the eye. "It is hard on her&hellip;.and
  it will be very hard on you," he grinned mischievously. "There will, however,
  be a reward." "Huh? What do you mean? What kind of reward?" she questioned.  
"Every hour you stay in bondage is worth &frac14; carat on the diamond on
  your engagement ring."  
Darla's eye grew wide. "In that position?" she asked.  
"Yes. That one&hellip;or maybe a little worse."  
"So&hellip;.if I spend 4 hours in bondage I get a one carat ring?  
"Yes. If you can last 4 hours." He responded. "I hope you do&hellip;or longer.
  It's all up to you Honey&hellip;.&hellip;.I've got plenty of money."  
------------------------------------------------------  
Darla bit down on the huge foam plug in her mouth, and snorted noisily through
  her nose.  
The balance between pain and pleasure was tormenting her. One minute the
  vibrating demons buried inside her flesh would bring her to a wonderful, crashing
  climax, and she would briefly forget about the harshness of her bondage. Shortly
  thereafter her senses would be fixed solely on the pain in her neck caused
  by her stringently pulled back head. At that moment nothing could hurt worse
  than that&hellip;.nothing was more important&hellip;.except the silver ball
  clutched feverishly in the numb fingers of her left hand.  
Darla had no idea how long she had been bound.  
It was no longer about her body.  
She had all the orgasms she was going to have, and the vibrators were now
  merely annoying. She had adapted to a dark, sweaty world. He jaw ached, but
  wasn't getting any worse, and the various pains caused by tight ropes and wracked
  joints had merged into an all encompassing agony.  
It was all about her mind.  
All she had to do was drop the little silver ball, and it would all be over.
  Being able to stretch her muscles. A drink of water. Food. A nice hot bath.
  The loving arms of her fianc&eacute;. All these things waited for her&hellip;all
  she had to do was drop the damn ball.  
A diamond ring! Every girl's dream. How big would it be? One carat? Two?
  Every hour it became bigger. All she had to do was hang onto that little silver
  ball!  
In the end, the spirit was willing, but the flesh was weak. Her fingers became
  cold, numb sausages that she could no longer control. She didn't feel the ball
  slip out of her grasp, but she could hear the sound of the metal ball bouncing
  off the concrete floor. In the quiet of the dark, damp room it sounded like
  a gunshot.  
John was beside her almost immediately. She couldn't have known it, but he
  had been nearby the entire time, watching on camera, and listening via hidden
  microphones.  
Quickly he untied the cord holding her head back. She groaned with relief
  as her head fell forward and hung limp. He unbuckled the gag strap, and then
  began unlacing the hood. Cool air! How wonderful! She blinked at the sudden
  light, the sweat stinging her eyes as he pulled the hood away. She grimaced
  as the fittings pulled free from her nostrils. Her hair was a damp, tangled
  mess and her face was creased with pressure lines from the seams of the hood.
  The foam plug was still inside her mouth, and her stretched lips were dry and
  cracked. She moaned softly as John grasped the foam and wiggled and tugged
  until it popped from between her teeth. The gag was dropped on the floor beside
  them with a wet plop.  
To his amazement, she twisted in his direction and smiled at him. "Hello,
  Master." She croaked.  
"Hello my love." He answered softly. "You have done beautifully."  
Darla took a couple of deep breaths, and stretched her muscled to the limits
  of their confinement. Her fingers wiggled feebly, helpless between her shoulder
  blades. "How long, Master?" she asked.  
"Twenty three hours and forty six minutes&hellip;.round it to twenty four
  hours," he said.  
"Ummm&hellip;.how big is that?" she asked. "I'm a little tired to do the
  math!"  
"Eight carats," he answered. "You are going to be wearing about $600 thousand
  on your finger, give or take a few thousand."  
Carla pursed her lips, and he could tell she was thinking about something.
  Then she spoke.  
"Master?"  
"Yes my dear?"  
"I have a wonderful gift&hellip;but I haven't given you anything."  
"On the contrary," he answered softly. "You gave me yourself."  
"No," she responded. "The past 24 hours was for me&hellip;&hellip;the next
  24 will be for you."  
"What do you mean?" he asked.  
"Put my gag and hood back on me, and leave me here for another day," she
  answered.  
"Don't be crazy," he said, reaching for the ropes binding her wrists. "You
  have done more than enough."  
"NO!" she exclaimed fiercely. "Don't you dare untie me!" She looked directly
  at him. "I didn't do this for the ring," she explained. "I did it for you,
  because I love you so much."  
"I know that."  
"Then let me do this. For you. Another full day."  
John sighed. "OK, I give up."  
He gave her a playful slap on the rump as he reached for the gag.  
The foam plug was soaked with cold saliva which dripped down his wrist and
  onto the floor. "It would serve you right if I left you for two  more
  days," he said.  
"How about forever?" she said, opening her mouth to accept the gag.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alexis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





