BDSM Library - Evening Out




Evening Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sub and her Master go to a private bondage club for the first time.I was so nervous. All the preparations had been made. There was no turning
  back now. Or perhaps there was, but I'd never forgive myself. Earlier in the
  day I had been massaged, waxed and received a pedicure. Neon midnight blue
  nail polish now adorned my toes. I had showered and shaved the hair from my
  legs, underarms and pussy.  
Last night we had gone shopping for some slut clothes for me to wear tonight.
  I forewent that option of a very short denim skirt, a see through black blouse
  and black lace thigh high stockings for a more conservative look. After all,
  we didn't know what we would be faced with and we thought it would be better
  to take a more conservative approach for our first time. So instead, I dressed
  casually in low-rise blue jeans and a low cut red cotton top. My sexiest underwear
  lurked beneath consisting of a black thong with lace trim and a matching bra
  that really enhanced my handful sized 35B breasts. I wore my new mid-calf high
  black leather boots with a sexy heel, and my black leather jacket. My hair
  was long and straight, having ironed out my curls for tonight. I made up my
  face with just a little extra eye makeup to give my almond shaped hazel eyes
  a sultry look. The toy bag was in the car, and I was ready for business.  
We had been talking about this night for a few weeks. My Master had found
  this group on line and he was intrigued. I must admit that when he told me
  about it, I also became interested. This was a BDSM club community with a play
  space, and tonight they were having their annual Thanksgiving dinner/meeting,
  with playtime to follow just after. This was a special evening though, as the
  club was holding an auction where anybody could participate, and auction off
  anything of their choosing. My Master and I have always been intrigued by the
  idea of auctioning me off to another Dom, so we decided to check it all out.
  We emailed back and forth with the club a few times to get some additional
  information.  
Being relatively new to the scene, my Master and I had no idea what to expect.
  We were both anxious and nervous. On the way there, my stomach was in knots
  (as I thought I may be later in the evening). We pulled into the parking lot
  and took a very deep breath. Master kept asking me if I was sure I wanted to
  do this. My Master is very kind and gentle (except when he is not). He did
  not want me to get in over my head. I told him lets do it.  
It was an older building in a less desirable area of the city. Originally
  it was most likely a factory, but as we found out from one of the members,
  more recently the area that the club was located in the building had been a
  church. (Talk about sacrilege!) As we entered the nondescript doorway, we entered
  into a kitchen area. It was crowded with people milling about and smelled of
  turkey and other assorted Thanksgiving goodies. People were very friendly and
  welcoming. While they were (for the most part) on the large side, they seemed
  pretty normal otherwise. We began to feel much more at ease.  
At the door a very friendly middle-aged woman asked us if we were members.
  We said no, that we are brand new and would like to stay for both the dinner
  and play time afterward. The woman collected $30 from my Master. She then gave
  him $2000 in club currency to be used in the auction later this evening or
  on another day. The woman asked a man standing close by to give us a tour.
  The man was very large and probably in his mid 50's. We came to find later
  that he was the woman's Master. He had a very strange voice, but gave us the
  tour uneventfully. He showed us the kitchen and where the bathroom was. Then
  into the lounge where we saw several couches and chairs, and 2 large TVs and
  VCRs accompanied by a rack full of BDSM videos. It was clean, and in a lowbrow
  way, comfortable. We walked through the lounge to the play space. Master's
  and my eyes grew wide, and our nerves became active again. I started to have
  to pee about every half hour. The strange large man described all of the equipment
  and how we might use it. We were both fascinated and intimidated by it all.
  There were a number of "stations". There were places to tie a sub to a cross,
  or in a cage, or torture chair, stretching rack and spanking chair. The chair
  was interesting as it had a box that encapsulated the Bottom's head to block
  out any senses other than touch. There was also suspension equipment, and a
  stage that had a St. Andrew's cross. I correctly assumed that is where the
  auction would be held. There were weights at certain stations, but otherwise
  you were to bring your own toys. The one piece of equipment that fascinated
  me the most though was the spanking table. It was not a permanent piece of
  equipment explained the fat man, but one of the members brought it with him
  when he attended these events, and the group could use it. He told us that
  the man who owned it makes and sells them.  
Once we completed our tour, we got a soda (alcohol and drugs are not permitted
  in this club) and sat down in the lounge. I felt very conspicuous and out of
  place. There was no doubt that I was the most attractive woman in the place,
  and many of the men, and some of the women were leering at me. There were definitely
  some strange things we began to see. One Dominatrix sitting close by had her
  slave on the floor at her feet. She said hello, and we introduced ourselves
  to them both. It became very clear that he was not allowed to speak. Another
  couple (both women) had greeted each other with an extremely familiar kiss.
  In fact they were making out. My Master and I kept asking each other if we
  were comfortable, and if we thought I would be brave enough to participate
  in any of the games that evening. We had decided previously that I would if
  we were both comfortable enough. A bit later, dinner was served.  
The dinner was potluck, and I had made a tossed salad. Many of the club members
  were excellent cooks. We began speaking to a man and a woman as we ate our
  meals. She had been to this club a number of times, and it was his first time
  to this club, but had frequented others. As the evening wore on John, the man
  in this duo became a very good source of information to us.  
Dinner concluded, and though we were sitting in the lounge area, we could
  see that the lights dimmed in the play area. We had begun speaking with a married
  couple, who by the look of it was the most similar pair as us. We naturally
  gravitated to one another, and found that they were about the same age, 40ish,
  and professionals who had children. The biggest difference though was that
  she was the Top and he was the Bottom. I remember being very surprised with
  this information. They had visited this club once before a short time ago.
  We spoke for some time, then went into the play area to check it all out. The
  auction was going to begin shortly.  
As the auctioneer came around asking for those who would be selling their "wares",
  I remember feeling a little bit giddy. I wanted to do it, but wasn't ready
  yet. My Master had gone out to the car to get our bag of toys in case we had
  wanted to play. I did not volunteer to be auctioned, but requested the ability
  to do so if I changed my mind. The woman said to seek her out if I chose to
  do so. When I told my Master, he approved of my decision, saying let's wait
  to see how it goes. He was excited to know that we could get involved later
  if we chose to.  
The auction began. About 10 people, both tops and bottoms, auctioned their
  services. There was one cross dresser who was blindfolded. Most of the auctionee's
  were women, and most were bottoms. There were 2 tops, both Male who auctioned
  their services. Most of them all were very large. However, there was one bottom
  who was a very attractive girl. She was small, and had a very athletic build.
  Her hair reached her waist, and she was bid on for the highest amount by far.
  Her selling price was over 3x the next highest. In watching her new owner with
  her over the course of the evening, I was happy I did not auction myself off.
  She was spanked and beaten many times. Her nipples were tortured with clothespins,
  and she was also tickled. They played a number of scenes together. Her ass
  was bright red most of the night. She seemed to love it though, and stayed
  quiet and very submissive during her scenes. During the auction, scenes continued
  to take place. Every now and then you would hear a gasp or cry of pain. The
  cross dresser, who had an enormous cock, was tortured by the Dominatrix who
  had the silent slave.  
Once the auction concluded, everyone went off to have their scenes. The spanking
  table was then set up in the middle of the room, and a young woman was placed
  on it for her birthday spanks. She was turning 26 the next day, and anyone
  who wished could give her the same number of spanks. Some did so with their
  hand, others used a paddle, and still others used a whip. She loved it. She
  was smiling and laughing the whole time. I urged my Master to spank her too,
  and he did so using his bare hand. I was getting so hot watching her.  
For a long while, we just watched. The other couple we spoke with played
  out a scene, and we watched them. Other couples got into it as well, and the
  slaves who were auctioned were getting themselves taken care of. The leering
  started to become even more obvious. I had put my collar on prior to going
  into the auction, and had many people compliment me on it. I was getting very
  hot watching the night unfold. Whips were flying. Canes were flogging. Clamps
  were pinching. Much of it was too intense for my pain threshold, at least this
  far into my training. John mentioned to my Master and me that a year from now,
  we would be right up there with them.  
As the night went on, I began to work up my courage. I told my Master that
  I wanted to be naked. I had such a strong urge to exhibit myself. I could tell
  that most of the people there had been watching me and my Master, knowing we
  were new, and they thought I was very attractive. Several had commented on
  it. John had warned us that we must be careful. These events prey on people
  like us, because they will want to take me for their own. I told Master I was
  ready. I wanted to be strapped into the spanking table. We waited our turn,
  and he approached the owner of the table. It was going to happen. I could not
  stop it now. I didn't want to stop it now. My heart was pounding. I was sure
  everyone could see it pumping through my chest.  
The table owner fit me for the table with my clothes on. This helped put
  me at ease. I climbed onto the table and lied down. He made the adjustments
  and fitted me in comfortably. The table was incredibly comfortable. Then I
  knew it was time to take off my clothes. I was tormented. First I removed my
  boots and socks, then the top, then my jeans. I was in my bra and thong only.
  I had noticed previously that nobody really had pretty underwear. This was
  a novelty for all to see tonight. I faced the wall, mortified and ashamed.
  I had never been naked in public before. I removed my bra, and asked Master
  if I should keep my thong on. He said no. He was very strong about it, and
  I knew there would be no arguing. I took it off. I was naked, and humiliated.
  He paraded me around to the back of the table where I was to climb on. The
  places that held my legs were spread wide apart. I knew my sex would be completely
  exposed. My heart was thumping so loudly, I was sure everyone could hear it.
  The girl who had been spanked before me sat nearby. She reassured me that I
  would be very comfortable. I told her I was frightened. Then I heard someone
  ask my Master why there were lines on my ass. Several days ago he had recorded
  the date in permanent marker on my ass for a different scene. The month 11
  showed on my left cheek, and the day 10 showed on my right. Everyone loved
  this. I told Master if he wanted to give someone else the paddle to use on
  me that I would be okay with that.  
I had to remove my collar as it got in the way of the table. I did so, and
  handed it to my Master. I climbed up into the table, and the owner began to
  arrange me. My hands reached down to the handlebar. Face down in the faceplate,
  which resembled that of a massage table. Hips up in the air bent over a pad.
  Finally, my legs were on the leg extensions. They began to strap me down. My
  arms were locked in place. A strap locked my waist in. A strap was placed around
  each thigh, and then I felt a leg press my foot to lock it in place and strap
  my calves. I heard the owner ask Master if he wanted my head locked in as well.
  Master unwaveringly said yes. While this was going on, Master began pulling
  on my nipples, which were completely exposed on the underside of the table.  
I heard the owner say I was ready. Master asked me if I was okay, and ready.
  I said yes. I felt the first blow of the paddle, then more, and more. About
  five minutes later, Master asked me if I'd had enough. No, I said. He continued
  to spank me on my ass, and gave me a few swats on my pussy as well. He almost
  always played with my nipples, pulling and twisting them while he spanked me.
  I heard someone say that it was a great feature&hellip; you could reach the
  tits while spanking the ass on this table. Master agreed, and said he wanted
  to buy one.  
Master asked the owner if he wanted a turn at me. The owner jumped on the
  chance. He was much more harsh than my Master, and had me jumping at his blows.
  He told my Master that I color up nicely. Master felt very proud of this, and
  agreed. After a few minutes, I called Master over to my face. He asked if I
  wanted to quit. I said no, but I needed a break from this professional spanker.
  Master let me rest a bit, and rubbed my ass. Then he started rubbing my clit
  and my nipples some more. I began to squirm on the table, and he got me so
  hot, I thought I might cum. I couldn't stop thinking about coming in front
  of a room of people. It was both humiliating and exciting at the same time.
  People were gathering around and watching. Master told me so several times.
  He swatted me a few more times on my ass, and kept me going &ndash; teetering
  on the edge.  
Finally, I told him I wanted to get down. I wanted to try another station.
  Perhaps a good tit whipping would be fun. He got me off the table, and held
  me and kissed me. He told me he was very proud of me. I had spent about a half
  hour on the table. I knew I wanted another station, but I began to feel self-conscious
  again. I told him I wanted to get dressed. He said I could.  
Everyone had complimented both my Master and me on our performance. I was
  very proud, and so was he. We stayed for a little while longer, and then went
  home.  
Chapter 2  
All the way home, my master and I spoke about the evening. We couldn't believe
  what we saw, or even more importantly what we did! We were so keyed up and
  couldn't wait to dive into each other. We drove the 40 or so minutes to get
  home, and when we pulled into the garage, I told him I thought we should go
  down to our dungeon. Our dungeon was doubled as a home gym and worked beautifully
  for both kinds of play. All of our larger bdsm equipment could be explained
  away to the untrained as exercise equipment. (Or at least that is what we thought
  we would say when we finally bought some!) It was about 3 am, and we rarely
  were ever up this late. In fact if we were, we would head straight to bed&hellip; but
  not tonight. Tonight we couldn't get enough of each other. We went straight
  downstairs and he told me to strip. I did so eagerly, and awaited my next instruction.
  He told me to mount the total gym. He had manipulated the bench to be high,
  and told me to get on all fours. I was kneeling on the bench, and couldn't
  wait to be spanked again, just as I had been earlier. He tied my legs to the
  bench and told me to hold my arms straight and still. I did as he told me.
  I felt the sharp sting of the crop come across my ass. Again and again he struck
  my ass, and then moved up to my back, and began flogging me between my shoulder
  blades. Until tonight, he had really only spanked me on my ass, tits and on
  my cunt, but he was growing more adventurous, and I loved it!  
As he flogged me, he removed his pants. He moved toward my head and told
  me to suck his cock. I took his hard shaft into my mouth and began pumping
  and sucking. Occasionally I would slow down and flick my tongue around the
  head. He never stopped with the crop. It was a constant and methodical pace,
  and was continuing to get harder. I was certain I had "colored up nicely" by
  then. He abruptly stopped my sucking, and circled back around near my ass.
  He thrust his cock harshly into my cunt and started fucking me like mad. All
  the while he continued my whipping. I was going crazy! He started whipping
  my tits, then back to my ass, and then again on my back. Over and over and
  over the crop struck my pale skin turning it bright red. He fucked me so hard
  I was the closest I had ever come to having an orgasm from fucking. Then he
  stopped. He untied my legs, and told me to turn over. I did so without hesitating.
  He told me to spread my legs wide open. As I did so, I saw him line up the
  crop, and knew my pussy was about to be abused. Crack! The crop came down harder
  than usual on my cunt. I yelped, but didn't want him to stop. He did it again
  and again. My cunt was getting sore, but I loved it. Then he dove into my cunt
  with his tongue, and he told me I should come. I did so within moments, and
  had the most outrageous orgasm of my life! It lasted forever, and was completely
  animal. He stood over me and made me jerk him off until he came on my tits.  
We were both incredibly fulfilled. It was an amazing night. We can't wait
  to go back to the club. Luckily, we left my collar there by accident when we
  removed it for the spanking table, so now we have to go back this weekend to
  retrieve it. I can't wait to see what happens this time!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





