BDSM Library - Beth and her Mom




Beth and her Mom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beth and her mom run into the wrong lawman.Beth and her Mom  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
I am one of those lucky few, who love their jobs. I work for the great State
  of Vermont, as a Deputy Sheriff. I spend most of my nights patrolling its sleepy
  highways and back-roads. I'm just 22-years-old and only got this job because
  my dad's the Sheriff. Most of the time there is not much to do, as I work the
  late shift. There are times however, when this can work to ones advantage.
  The following is an account of one such evening.  
I set up shop (radar) one night on the main drag leading to the freeway.
  Things were slow as usual, a car here, a car there. A night when the calmness
  of the evening settles over a person. I was having trouble keeping my eyes
  open, when all of a sudden, a black Lincoln sped by, doing 20 miles over the
  40 mile per hour speed limit.  
&quot;What the hell,&quot; I thought, and off I went after it. I caught up
  to it a short ways down the road, just at the entrance ramp to the freeway.
  I called in the plate to headquarters and decided to have a look. I approached
  the car carefully, because you never know what you're going to get out here.
  I tapped on the window, just as the driver rolled it down.  
&quot;License and registration!&quot; I barked out in my best cop voice,
  my flashlight lighting up the interior of the dark car.  
A concerned female voice echoed from the car. &quot;Sorry sir, is there a
  problem?"  
I lit up the face of the driver, my male libido, quickly registered the fact
  that she was an attractive middle aged woman with long brown hair and nice
  full lips.  
&quot;Just going a little fast,&quot; I said, while trying not to be too
  excited.  
I lit up her passenger with the light. &quot;WOW,&quot; I quickly thought
  to myself. (Now I was excited.) Her passenger was a younger female, sporting
  dirty blond hair, puppy dog brown eyes and some killer looks. She squirmed
  under the light's attention.  
&quot;And who's this?&quot; I said, now really trying to hide my excitement.  
&quot;My daughter Beth,&quot; the driver simply replied.  
&quot;Nice,&quot; I said to myself, as I made my way back to the cruiser.
  Everything checked out, so I wrote a simple speeding ticket. It had been a
  slow night, hell it had been a slow week. I knew what I should have done...but....  
&quot;Damn! I have to get a better look at that dirty blonde,&quot; I said
  to myself, as I returned to their car.  
&quot;Could you step to the back of the car, both of you?&quot; I announced.  
After a bit of hesitation and the obligatory complaints, they both made their
  way out. I started interrogating them, asking them any question I could think
  of, just to get some more info. The blonde (Beth), I was so interested in was
  18. Her mom, Evelyn, was 39 and did most of the talking. She seemed to be annoyed
  with the whole day so far, and I'm sure I wasn't helping. It seems they were
  on their way home from a college visit. They were late because Beth had begged
  her mother to stay and watch a band that was playing that night. She said she
  was speeding because she was in a rush to get home. She had an early morning
  or something like that.  
&quot;Can I just check your bags and then you can be on your way?&quot; I
  asked.  
Mom's bag produced nothing out of the ordinary. Beth on the other hand was
  a little reluctant to hand hers over. I grabbed the small bag away and it didn't
  take me long to find out why. Inside her butts pack, I found three rolled joints.  
&quot;What have we here?&quot; I announced, feeling like I just hit the lottery  
&quot;They're not mine!&quot; Beth screamed.  
"Beth, Jesus!" her mom screamed.  
&quot;I'm afraid you're going to have to come with me!&quot; I barked.  
I spun Beth around and bound her hands together with my steel cuffs. Loud
  protests followed my order for her mom to turn around, so I was forced to use
  some force to cuff her. Both women now pleaded with me, as I led them to the
  back of the cruiser.  
&quot;Watch your head,&quot; was my only reply.  
I called for a "hook" and made my way back to the station, my damsels in
  distress in the back. During the 10 minute ride back to the station, Beth's
  mom verbally berated her about the dangers of drugs, keeping her out late,
  flirting with the college boys, and so on.  
I could only laugh to myself as I thought, &quot;If she's mad now!&quot;  
Back at the station, I led the two women into the processing room, pausing
  only to wink at Big Al, who was working the front desk. He smiled, knowing
  what that meant.  
Mom was still steamed, as I unlocked their handcuffs. &quot;Listen, I want
  to call....&quot;  
&quot;You haven't been charged yet,&quot; I interrupted her.  
&quot;What?&quot;  
&quot;You two will be searched for further contraband and if you behave then
  you might be free to leave. If you cause problems for me, then I will cause
  problems for you,&quot; I said in my best police voice.  
I watched as Beth and her mom talked it over.  
&quot;Well, let's get on with it, 'cause I want to get out of here,&quot; Beth's
  mom said. But by her tone, she seemed none to happy about it.  
I guided them to the yellow line on the floor. &quot;Stand on the line, feet
  2 feet apart, lean forward, hands on the wall.&quot;  
Mom quickly took her place, as she seemed to know what was coming, while
  Beth was a bit apprehensive, so I had to guide her into position. It was kind
  of funny, because she was almost a half foot shorter than her mom, so she had
  to lean straight out just to reach the wall. I stood back for a second to enjoy
  the view. Beth was dressed in tight blue jeans, and a little white blouse that
  was tied up to show off her tight midriff. I smiled, as leaned forward like
  this, her tight pants hugged her tight little ass, even more than before.  
Mom was dressed more conservatively, wearing a simple summer dress, with
  colored flowers. I deciding to start with the older of the duo (to save the
  best for last.)  
Moving into place, I started to "pat her down" starting with her shoulders.  
&quot;You're going to do the search?&quot; A nervous Beth shouted from my
  left.  
&quot;That's my job!&quot; I said with a smile.  
&quot;Don't you...?&quot;  
&quot;Quiet!&quot; I interrupted her, while also knowing that she was going
  to ask for a female deputy. Silly girl.  
&quot;Beth, this was your doings, so just let him do his job and let's get
  the fuck out of here,&quot; Beth's mom scolded. (I guess she forgot that she
  was the one speeding.)  
I continued my search, guiding my hands over her lower back, down over her
  nice full ass and down her leg. I continued up the other leg, this time I moved
  to her front side, running over her stomach, up to the bottom of her breasts.
  I felt her body tense up as I cupped both breasts in my hands, squeezing them
  several times.  
"Searching or contraband," I explained, as she whimpered some protest.  
Her body noticeably relaxed when I stood back.  
I rubbed my hands together and announced, &quot;Your turn, Beth.&quot;  
Beth received the same "quick" pat down as her mother, although, I must admit
  it was a lot "harder" to stay in control, especially as I ran my hands over
  her tight ass, while checking her back pockets. I continued by slipping a hand
  inside the waistband of her blue jeans, and then like her mom, I also finished
  the pat down with several squeezes of her medium sized, firm breasts. I stood
  back and both of them turned around and looked relieved, as if they thought
  this search was over.  
(Little did they know that this search was far from over.)  
I excused myself, and locked up my gun-belt and turned off the processing
  rooms cameras.  
Big Al just shook his head, "Time for them to pay up, eh?" He chuckled. "Man,
  I wish my dad was the sheriff."  
I slapped him a high five on my way by. "Yes, I love my job."  
&quot;Can we go now?&quot; Mom inquired, as soon as I reentered the processing
  room.  
&quot;Sorry, since this is a drug-related case, I'm afraid we aren't through
  yet!&quot;  
&quot;Shit, I knew it mom!&quot; Beth screamed. &quot;This little pervert
  wants to see us naked.&quot;  
(Boy did I, but really now, I was just doing my job.)  
"I can see why you're going to college," I teased.  
"Look sir, you can't do this," Beth's mom pleaded.  
&quot;I can...I'm the law...let's go.... STRIP!&quot; I barked.  
After several minutes of begging pleas from both woman. I stood my ground,
  telling them "Strip" or go to "State Prison."  
(Honestly, we don't have a State Prison for Women, but what the fuck, I figured
  they didn't know that and I've told bigger lies to get women naked.)  
&quot;Hey, I have all weekend,&quot; I teased, remembering that Beth's mom
  was so rushed earlier.  
&quot;Mom... What the...?&quot; Beth begged, as her mother started to unbutton
  her summer dress.  
&quot;Let's just get this over with, maybe you'll learn your lesson when
  you're standing here with me, in the buff,&quot; Her mother scolded, and I
  cheered her on. I watched as her bra and panties quickly hit the floor, without
  me even asking, leaving her buck naked.  
&quot;Back on the yellow line, hands against the wall,&quot; I ordered, but
  only after I checked out her nice 39-year-old figure. I estimated her to be
  about 5'7&quot;, 130 pounds, with surprisingly nice full tits. Loved her large
  brown nipples. When she was back against the wall, I noticed her ass was also
  hanging in there.  
&quot;Well, Beth, I'm waiting,&quot; I said, as I tapped my foot, (and boy
  was I.)  
"Please, don't do this, at least take me to a different room."  
&quot;Get out of them duds, Missy Pot-Smoker,&quot; her mother hissed, and
  I laughed inside, thanking her for her help.  
Behind a stream of tears, false or for her mom's benefit, Beth's clothes
  slowly came off. She kicked her shoes off and then wrestled with her tight
  jeans, finally handing them to me. I place them on the table behind me, right
  next to her mom's things. Beth was now standing in her small white cotton panties
  and a half-shirt, seemingly  
pondering her next move. I snapped my fingers, as more tears rolled down
  her face. With a sniffle, she rolled her panties down and handed them over.  
(&quot;Wow,&quot; I thought. &quot;She saved her tits for last.&quot;)  
"Let's go, everything off." (I love that line.)  
I stood in front of her, as she slowly, all most teasingly, untied her shirt
  and unbuttoned the last button, before sliding it off her shoulders, thus removing
  her last piece of clothing because she didn't wear a bra, something I already
  knew. Beth, now totally naked, seemed to be fighting with her composer. She
  used her hands to cover her crotch, as soaked in her beauty and boy was she
  beautiful. By my guess, she stood just over five feet tall, maybe 100 pounds.
  She sported perfect, perky, round breasts, adorned by hard, brownish, nipples,
  which looked like they could break glass.  
Beth turned and started to assume the position, next to her mom.  
&quot;Beth,&quot; I gasped, clearing my throat. She froze.  
&quot;I need you on the table, over here.&quot; I pointed to the large steel
  table behind me that held my prisoner's discarded clothing. I fully excepted
  more cries of protest, but much to my surprise, head down; Beth proceeded to
  climb up on the table.  
&quot;On all fours,&quot; I managed.  
&quot;Oh, my, god!&quot; Beth cried, as she flipped over and propped up.
  Then it was my time to use that line.  
&quot;You're a professional.&quot; I had to remind myself several times,
  as I took in the spectacular view before me. This girl's ass could kill an
  older man. It was tight and perfectly heart shaped. When I spread her legs
  apart, I quickly noticed that her beautiful pussy and anus were completely
  free of pubic hair, much to my eye's delight.  
&quot;Now Beth, this will all be over shortly, just relax,&quot; I managed,
  as I rested my hands on top of her naked ass. &quot;Since you were found in
  possession of illegal drugs, I must perform a cavity search.&quot;  
"I know, I know," Beth sobbed.  
"Been through this before?" I asked in surprise.  
"No, no." she sobbed. "My dad's a prison guard."  
She told me who he was and where he worked. I didn't know him and he worked
  in another state so I didn't care. She was still getting searched.  
"Can I go now?"  
I ran my hands over her ass-cheeks. "Not if your daddy was the Governor."  
With her mom standing naked behind me, I spread her ass cheeks with one hand.
  I gathered all my nerve and gently separated her puffy outer labia with my
  fingertips. I bent over very close to inspect her, my nose was only inches
  away! I smelled the distinct aroma of her musky, vaginal juices. Her inner
  surfaces were a light pink and moistly delicate to my touch. I took my fingertips
  and cautiously spread the uppermost part of her labia open a little wider.
  I ran my finger back and forth over her pinkish interior. She seemed so incredibly
  wet and seemingly getting wetter as I touched her. I figured that she was turned
  on by my close examination, but also trying to remain in control of her reactions
  as she was silent.  
&quot;Fine...that's good...just relax, please,&quot; I mumbled, but it was
  more for my benefit.  
I reached for a latex examination glove from the draw under the table, noticing
  her beautiful brown eyes, following me over her shoulder. I slipped the glove
  on my right hand and watched her look apprehensively at me, while she also
  unconsciously started wetting her lips a bit...nervous energy again.  
&quot;Was she anticipating the intimate penetration of her pussy that was
  about to take place?&quot; I thought while I was doing this, I picked up the
  KY Jelly and squeezed it on the fingered glove, although I really didn't need
  it.  
&quot;Beth, I need your permission, before I can go any further. I need to
  check you out internally.&quot; I said as professionally as I could, (wondering
  how much daddy told her.)  
Beth hesitated for a moment, looking at me with those brown eyes, as I was
  holding up my glove-covered hand.  
"My pussy, right?"  
I nodded, quivering when she said "pussy".  
&quot;You have my permission,&quot; she finally said, in a wavering voice.  
She was watching me over her shoulder do everything. I looked back down at
  her pussy and almost came in my pants. The sight that lay before me was the
  sexiest thing I had ever seen!  
I moved her thighs a little further apart, before I reached out with my hand
  and began stroking the surfaces of each of her unblemished pussy lips. I was
  admiring there smooth, elastic texture as I spread on the lubricant. I pulled
  each one out, into a soft fan, like she was modeling for a porno magazine.
  She had positively the most exquisite pussy I had ever seen. It was time to
  feel what her vagina was like inside. Again I told her to "relax" or was I
  telling myself. I slipped my right index finger, ever so gently, into her very
  moist pussy. Slowly at first, I moved my finger in and out of her, pausing
  a second to let her get used to the feeling, before a second finger joined
  the first one. I quickly increased the pressure and speed of my probing. Beth's
  backside was squirming back and forth, like a dog wagging its tail. Which turned
  me on even more.  
Satisfied that she was free of contraband, and thinking that she was enjoying
  this a little too much. I parted her tight ass cheeks with both hands and watched
  as her pink little bunghole came into view. I lowered my hands down her firm
  ass cheeks and put my thumbs on her outer labia. I slowly drew them apart and
  watched her vagina gape open, amazed at how her vagina had opened up so much.
  This  
18-year-old was no virgin.  
It was now time to concentrate on her rectum. &quot;Please lower your shoulders
  to the table,&quot; I whispered, as I applied some more lubricant.  
"Please, not there."  
"Yes, there," I said, a little surprised that she knew what was coming.  
She dropped to the table, but looked concerned. I reached in and slowly introduced
  my finger into her winking asshole. I was surprised that Beth didn't protest
  more, but instead she let out a long &quot;Ooooooooooooh.&quot; It was so incredibly
  tight that it gripped my finger like crazy. I couldn't withstand her open invitation
  any longer, I put my other finger into her waiting vagina and probed it at
  great length as well. Slowly I moved each finger in and out, for what was probably
  a couple of minutes. Beth was moaning and groaning away, while I was lost in
  my own ecstasy, only to be snapped out of it, by my prisoner's mom tapping
  me on the shoulder.  
&quot;Find anything?&quot; she huffed.  
I turned around quickly grabbing the older woman by a wrist, twisting it
  behind her back, and then I aggressively pushed her down on the table.  
&quot;Who said you could move!&quot; I barked.  
(I was a little upset with her or moving from the line, and also a little
  embarrassed that I forgot that she was there, while I was inspecting her luscious
  daughter's privates.)  
&quot;I just thought that since you had your fun, maybe we could go now!&quot; she
  cried out.  
&quot;But I'm not through yet,&quot; I growled into her ear, while grinding
  my pelvis into her backside.  
&quot;Please, I'm married,&quot; she mumbled. (I guess she could feel my
  hardon.)  
&quot;Up we go,&quot; I barked, (like I gave a fuck.)  
I lifted her up on the table, which also held her daughter, who was surprisingly
  still in position. I spun her around on her back, her legs dangling off the
  side of the table.  
&quot;Hands behind your head,&quot; I barked and she followed.  
I was now holding her down, my hand placed between her ample breasts, trying
  to regain control of the situation, while trying to catch my breath.  
&quot;Don't move,&quot; I said, and then I used a wet nap and cleaned up
  Beth's privates. I quickly changed gloves, snapping the new one into place,
  as Beth's mom's eyes widened.  
"Why search me?" She pleaded.  
Beth snickered and dropped down onto the table.  
&quot;Like I asked Beth, I need your permission before I can go any further.
  I need to check you out internally, too."  
She didn't answer me for several seconds and then she just nodded.  
&quot;I need to hear you say it...say it out loud.&quot; I said, still a
  little mad at her.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; she mumbled.  
&quot;Yes, what?&quot; I asked several times.  
&quot;Yes, you can search my private parts, just please make it quick,&quot; she
  finally answered.  
Satisfied, I proceeded. &quot;Oh god,&quot; was all she could muster, as
  I grabbed her feet, bringing them together, while spreading her knees apart.
  Beth scooted up and was now sitting up on the edge of the desk, her brown eyes,
  surprisingly still watching my every move.  
I quickly thrust a finger into her mom's neatly trimmed pussy. Surprisingly
  my quick actions, drew no reactions from its owner, as her pussy was already
  moist at this point. She flashed me a "big deal look" as a second finger joined
  the first. I continued my two-finger probe, thrusting almost violently, definitely
  obscenely, in and out of her increasingly wet pussy.  
"Find anything?" She teased, and she had to know I wasn't looking for anything
  at this point.  
&quot;Turn over,&quot; I barked. After I got no response to my command, I
  helped the older woman into position. It was similar to the position her daughter
  had assumed earlier, except I moved her knees closer to her chest and forced
  her shoulders to the table. Now in position, her ample backside was just hanging
  off the edge of the table. I grabbed for the lubrication tube, but was beat
  to the punch by Beth, who playfully handed the tube to me, while flashing me
  a sly smile!  
&quot;What the fuck is going on with her?&quot; I thought to myself. &quot;While
  watching me finger her mom, was Beth starting to get turned on, or was she
  trying to turn me on? Is this the same girl who called ME a fucking pervert?&quot;  
"She made me go to her doctor," Beth said, probably reading my quizzical
  look.  
"Huh."  
"Yeah, she has a male doctor, and he made me strip to the skin, just like
  you did, and he put his fingers in me, just like you did, even in my butt,
  of course he didn't do it as long as you did."  
"Beth!" Her mom snapped.  
"But you know what the worst part was?"  
I just shrugged my shoulders.  
"He did it all in front of my mom, who wouldn't leave the room."  
Beth's mom moaned, "He's a good doctor, but...."  
I put a dab of gel on my fingers.  
"Oh," I moaned, with a chuckle, finally getting it. (She wanted some payback.)  
"Well, then you should be used to this." I rubbed some of the gel over her
  mom's asshole. Beth slipped off the table and was now standing by my side,
  purring.  
"Boy, I'm glad I locked up my gun-belt, in my desk now." Which believe me
  was just one of the things running through my mind. I knew I should have been
  more careful and it wasn't right, but I let Beth run with the ball, sort of
  speak. I rested my finger on her mom's asshole for a second, so she knew it
  was coming before slowly making my way in. Twisting my finger, using a screwing
  like motion.  
&quot;Please sir,&quot; Beth's mom cried out. &quot;Please stop...it hurts.&quot;  
Happy that at least I got some response from the prone woman, I slowly removed
  it. While I was not surprised by her reaction to the rectal search. I was more
  than a little surprised by her daughter's reaction to it, as she began lightly
  running her small hand along the outline of my fully erect penis.  
It felt so good, I just had to have more. I pulled Beth closer and whispered
  into her ear, "Suck my cock."  
Beth bit her fingernail. "Here?"  
I nodded, driving my finger back into her mom's asshole. She cried out in
  pain.  
Beth pulled on my arm, "Ok, ok, then you let us go?"  
I nodded again.  
&quot;M-m-mom,&quot; Beth mumbled. &quot;I think I found away we can get
  out of this mess.&quot;  
Beth dropped to the floor and started fumbling at my uniform pants. Her mother's
  head snapped around to see what Beth was talking about, or was it when she
  heard my fly unzipped.  
&quot;Beth, OH, NO!&quot; Her mother barked out, just as my erection sprang
  free. I moaned in relief, as my erection had started to become painful, in
  my tight uniform pants, although I was still a little nervous. Beth took my
  cock tightly in her hand about the same time her mother's feet hit the floor,
  as if she was going to intervene. I wasn't having that. I took my hand and
  forced her down flat against the table and told her to stay put.  
&quot;Beth... What are you doing?&quot; Her mother whispered, before she
  cried out. "Don't you dare!"  
I raised a finger to my lips and hissed. &quot;Shhh, she's doing just fine.&quot;  
Beth seemingly ignoring her mom's pleas, began licking my cock, coating it
  with a slimy coat of saliva. I looked down as she slowly took it in her mouth,
  while looking up at me with those beautiful brown eyes. Her pink lips now fully
  enclosed around the shaft of my cock. The sound of wet slurping now filled
  the room. This young girl sure knew what she was doing, as she continued to
  work on my prick. I took this opportunity to fondle her firm breasts, and then
  I also slipped a finger into her mom's slit, which was soaked with perspiration.
  I was trying to stay cool, but Beth was anything but, she was increasing pressure
  and speed, while swirling her tongue around the head of my cock.  
&quot;Your daughter sucks a mean dick,&quot; I whispered and predictably,
  she told me to "fuck off" and to "get my finger out of her pussy." I ignored
  her and simply added another finger.  
"Quite, or they'll be back in your asshole." It worked.  
Beth continued until she was at full force, and I started to shake with excitement,
  an orgasm fast approaching. I think Beth sensed this and stopped, and quickly
  stood up. I could only guess that she was afraid I was going to cum in her
  mouth and I guess I would have. I was disappointed at first, but Beth just
  smiled slyly at me and winked while looking at her mother. I still had my fingers
  in her pussy, only now she was frigging herself with them, grinding back and
  forth.  
&quot;Man, does this girl want me to fuck her mom?&quot; I thought, as I
  withdrew my fingers.  
&quot;Are you ready for something bigger?&quot; I whispered loudly, not knowing
  what else to say.  
Beth's mom sighed, but spread her legs and thrust her ass back into me.  
&quot;I'll take that as a yes,&quot; I said, and then I slowly inserted my
  well-coated cock, into her soaked pussy.  
&quot;Owwwwww.&quot; She moaned. "You're right, he is a pervert."  
Her daughter sat up on the table right next to us, with a pleased look on
  her face. "At least she won't tell dad that I sucked your cock," she whispered.  
"Or smoke pot." I laughed, and then I slowly picked up the pace. Soon the
  room was filled with the sounds of slapping skin. I reached around with one
  hand griping her hip, while the other found its mark on her hot clit hood.
  I kept fucking and rubbing her pussy, while her daughter took in the sight.
  I ordered her to play with her pussy, because I figured she needed an excuse
  to do it. This continued for several minutes.  
&quot;Ahhhhhhh, I'm cummming, don't stop!&quot; Beth's mom finally squealed.
  I followed her order, and drove in as deep as I could. Her body shook, no actually
  quivered is more like it. I slowly withdrew, as she stood up, my hands travailing
  up her body, now massaging her tits, pinching her nipples.  
&quot;Your speeding ticket has been paid for,&quot; I whispered into her
  ear. My cock, still hard as steal, rubbing in between her ass-cheeks.  
&quot;Good, can we go now?&quot;  
&quot;Well, there's this little matter of a couple of joints,&quot; I said
  turning my attention to Beth.  
"Not my daughter!"  
&quot;I don't think he's going to last long anyways, mom,&quot; Beth interrupted
  her mom's plea, while taking my throbbing prick into her hand. Breaking her
  grip, I spun her around and lifted her right knee up placing it on the table.
  As much as I wanted to fuck this hottie, I just had to get a taste of her lovely
  pussy that I had admired some much earlier. I also needed a little break.  
&quot;Gezzzzzz.&quot; She groaned, as I don't think she expected this. I
  dove in, tongue quickly lapping. I spread her ass-cheeks as far as they could
  go, her pussy gapping open, my tongue quickly followed. I continued licking
  down her long lips and up the front, focusing on her rather large clit. She
  was squirming like a fish out of water. I held her into place the best I could,
  her clit in my mouth, nibbling away. I just love smooth pussies, free of pubic
  hair, like hers.  
"Mom, he's gonna make me cum!&quot; Beth cried out, sounding somewhat concerned.  
I heard her mom just give her a light laugh, as she had started to gather
  her clothes, now tossed about the table. Satisfied that I was now back in control,
  I stood up, quickly thrusting my tongue into her mouth. Knowing that my face
  was covered in her own juices, she quickly broke the embrace. I pushed her
  to her knees and forced my cock back into her mouth. She tried to break free
  but I held her hair and fucked her face.  
When I gave her a breath, she gasped, "Ewww...that was in my mom's pussy."  
I smiled at her, that was the point. I pulled her up and lifted her onto
  my lap, as I sat back on the table.  
&quot;You're gonna fuck me!&quot; I barked.  
Her smile now gone, we fell back onto the table. She positioned herself over
  my cock and sat down on it, in one fell swoop. She started moving her hips
  up and down very slowly at first. Seeing her tits swinging there before me,
  I reached my hands up and started rubbing and squeezing her nipples. This got
  her hips moving a little faster. Then I released her tits and laid back flat,
  moving my hand down  
to our joined crotches. I stared rubbing her clit up and down, and back and
  forth, using her copious juices as a lubricant. This really got her hips moving
  and body shaking. I heard that gasping sound again, and then a warm wet feeling.
  Beth was moaning away.  
&quot;Who's not going to last long?&quot; I thought, but also knowing I wasn't
  far behind her. I also figured it was time to explore her backside. I turned
  Beth over and slid off the table. I guided Beth into a new position, one leg
  on the floor the other knee resting up on the table. Rubbing my dick along
  her tight ass, I slipped back into her burning pussy, grinding back and forth,
  in and out, while slapping the side of her tight ass.  
&quot;Her ass was just made for this.&quot; I thought.  
I also fully expected her mother to tap me on the shoulder again, but she
  was busy dressing and really seems blas&eacute; about the whole thing. On the
  verge of an orgasm once again, I pulled out, "One more thing to check out," I
  thought as I slipped her leg off the table and kicked her legs apart, so much
  that she had to grab  
the edge of the table, to prevent from falling.  
I paused for a second to take in the sight. Using more lubrication, it was
  now time for Beth to take more fingers in her asshole. I took a couple of minutes
  to "prep" her. Beth was growing concerned.  
"Mom, he's gonna fuck my ass." Beth cried out. "Please help me."  
Beth's mom (who was dressed, but wasn't watching) huffed. "What did you expect?"  
&quot;Perfect,&quot; I gasped, as I guided my cock to her now exposed and
  well lubricated, anus, slowly breaking the seal. This was a first for me.  
&quot;He's fucking my ass!&quot; Beth suddenly screamed out, like she still
  thought her mom was going to save her.  
"Act like a whore, treated like one," Beth's mom mumbled.  
"I'm not a whore."  
I continued fucking Beth's hot asshole, (I chuckled at the absurdity that
  I was doing this while she argued with her mother) although, it was slow going,
  as it seemed like Beth was clenching her ass-muscles, as if she was trying
  to rip my dick off. Or maybe she was an anal virgin, too. The combination of
  this and the whole night's events, made it impossible to hold out any longer.
  I blasted a shot of hot sperm deep in her ass tunnel, a second blast followed.
  Beth's rectum muscles milking the last drop out of me. Several seconds later,
  I slowly withdrew my cock from her ass. My uniform top was now covered in perspiration.
  I tossed Beth some wet naps, and climbed onto the well-used table. My legs
  still weak, while still not believing what just happened.  
Looking at Beth's mom, I pointed to my lips. After several seconds she finally
  got the hint and moved closer, our lips meet in a brief lip lock.  
&quot;Your daughter is one fine piece of ass, sucks and fucks like a pro,
  then again, I guess she had a good teacher,&quot; I said, flashing her a wide
  grin. Intercepting her attempted slap to my face, I told her, &quot;By the
  way, you can go now.&quot;  
I watched Beth dress, soaking in the last glimpse of her well-used figure,
  as she pleaded with her mom to not tell dad. I finally led the duo to the backdoor
  and sent them on their way, figuring daddy would never find out what REALLY
  happened on their trip to Vermont.  
THE END  
Thanks for reading my story.  
Your comments are always welcomed.  
Post them or send them to:  
Stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





