BDSM Library - Corporal Punishment




Corporal Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The school faculty have had it with Tami's antics, each teacher taking revenge for the girl's disobedience...each in their own special way.Corporal Punishment  
By: Michael Alexander   
michaelalexander7575@yahoo.com   
Chapter One: The Assembly   
 The early morning chatter was at its usual roar as thirty high school sophomores
  crowded into the classroom. The hall was slowly emptying as hurried glances
  at wrist watches and the large generic clocks mounted in the corridors counted
  down the seconds. Tami Edwards pushed through a clump of boys gossiping about
  the upcoming football game and made her way to her desk, pausing to smile at
  her best friend, Heather.  
 "I thought you weren't going to make it." Heather said as her bright pink
  nails pushed her long blonde bangs out of her eyes.  
 Tami's mouth curled in a smiling pout. "I almost didn't. Brad stopped me
  in the hall and asked me out Saturday."  
 Heather's eyes widened. "Really? Did you say yes?"  
 Tami grinned wickedly. "Of course I did!" She slung her book bag under the
  desk, smoothing her skirt down as she slid into the seat. A loud crack came
  from Heather as she popped her gum, a mixture of jealousy and happiness spreading
  across her face.  
 "Attention ladies and gentlemen!" A voice called out from the front of the
  room. Tami looked up to see the balding head of Mr. Mason looking out over
  the class. His brown mustache seemed to make up for the lack of hair on his
  head, and behind his back Tami and her friends frequently referred to him as
  egghead. The week before Easter Tami had brought a colored egg with a mustache
  on it and left it on his desk. The class had laughed about it for a week, despite
  Mr. Mason's lack of amusement.  
 "The principal has called an assembly, to be held in the auditorium. It
  should only last thirty minutes. Leave your bags under your chairs, as you
  will be returning to this room at the conclusion of the assembly. Everyone
  head to the auditorium please."  
 Tami and Heather looked at each other curiously, and then smiled.  
 "Want to skip it?" asked Tami in a hushed whisper.  
 Heather shook her head. "Tami! You know what happened last time! You got
  me in trouble!"  
 Tami just laughed. "Oh come on, Heather. You are such a baby! We can sneak
  away in the rush and go out to the field house. Maybe Brad will be there!"  
 Heather just rolled her eyes. "You've got Brad on the brain!"  
 "And other places." Tami said wickedly.  
 "Whatever. All right. But we're only going to skip the assembly, okay?"  
 Tami smiled. "Fine."  
 Together they moved out the door into the crowded hallway. Evidentally the
  assembly was for the entire student body, not merely the sophomores. Tami and
  Heather edged away from the classmates and started down the hall away from
  the auditorium.  
 "Tami? Heather?" Mr. Mason's voice called out to them. They stopped and
  turned, Heather's face a mask of fright, Tami's smiling sweetly.  
 "Yes, Mr. Mason?" asked Tami.  
 "Where do you think you're going?" He asked, his voice cold.  
 "The ladies room, Mr. Mason. That isn't a problem is it?" Tami's voice was
  dripping with sarcasm.  
 Mr. Mason smiled suddenly. "Well fortunately there is one right in front
  of the auditorium. You can go there. Come on ladies. Everyone is going to this
  assembly."  
 Tami's smiled faded and was replaced with a look of chagrin. Old Egghead
  was smarter than he looked. She sighed.  
 "Come on, Heather. Mr. Mason is right. We can use the ones by the auditorium." Tami
  took Heather's arm and pulled her past the grinning teacher, who fell into
  step behind them.  
 "He's following us!" Heather whispered after glancing back.  
 "Oh hush. We'll just stay in the bathroom until he has to go into the assembly.
  Then we'll sneak out." Tami said, her voice cross.  
 The two girls followed the last flow of students toward the auditorium,
  angling into the restroom. Once inside Tami checked her makeup while Heather
  really did use the facilities, her nerves still a little shaky.  
 "Ladies? Mr. Mason told me you both were still in here." Tami jumped as
  Mrs. Rutger's head looked in.  
 Tami looked over at Mrs. Rutger, her face betraying her anger. "Yes ma'am.
  Heather is almost done."  
 Mrs. Rutger smiled. "I'll wait for you two outside."  
 "Oh that's okay Mrs. Rutger. We will be out in a moment. You can go into
  the auditorium." Tami replied, a soft almost babyish whine coming from her.  
 Mrs Rutger's smile faded and she shook her head. "I don't think so, Tami.
  I know you to well. And Heather is too firmly under your thumb to make the
  right decision on her own. Let's go."  
 Tami's fists clenched but she schooled her face into something resembling
  respect. Heather stumbled out of the stall quickly, her eyes wide with fright.  
 "Come on, Tami. Let's just go." Heather said, her voice pleading.  
 Tami looked at her and then Mrs. Rutger. "Sure. We were going to go to the
  assembly anyway."  
 Mrs. Rutger held the door open for them as they exited the bathroom and
  turned into the auditorium. It was a huge room, with rows of theater style
  seats. A large stage stretched across one end of the room and Tami saw that
  the lectern had been brought forward along with a large table.  
 The students were still talking in a loud roar, with the occasional paper
  ball being flung as the teachers tried to maintain order. Tami and Heather
  moved down the isle, Tami clearly looking for seats.  
 "Oh my god! There is a seat right there next to Brad!" Tami exclaimed. She
  grabbed Heather's hand and pulled her into the row.  
 "Hi Brad." Tami said, her face back into the sweet angelic countenance she
  wore when she was trying to charm someone.  
 "Hey, Tami. How's it going?" Brad asked, his face beaming up at the girl.  
 "Can Heather and I sit here?" Tami asked.  
 Brad looked at the single seat and shifted uncomfortably. "Uh, well there
  is only one seat&hellip;"  
 Tami grinned. "Can I sit on your lap?" she asked. "That way Heather can
  have the open seat."  
 Tami didn't see Heather roll her eyes as she plopped down in the sexy hunk's
  lap. Heather seated herself in the empty chair as Tami settled herself down.  
 "Comfortable?" Brad asked softly as the principal mounted the stage, moving
  toward the lecturn.  
 "Almost." Replied Tami. She reached down and took Brad's hand, sliding it
  over her skirt to her knee. Slowly she pulled his hand back up her thigh, moving
  it under the skirt higher and higher as the cloth rose almost to her hip. Brad
  stroked her skin and she spread her legs slightly. She leaned into his face.  
 "You should check to see if I'm wearing panties." She whispered.  
 "Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for disrupting your classes this morning,
  but we have a situation that must be dealt with. As you all know, we have had
  trouble maintaining the correct level of discipline here at the school. As
  a result we will be enforcing a new disciplinary code." The principal said,
  his voice booming through the stage microphone.  
 "Now instead of providing you with a handout that will end up crumpled into
  spitwads or paper airplanes, we have decided instead to actively demonstrate
  the new punishment system instead." There was a murmur through the crowd of
  students and one boy in the act of throwing a paper airplane dropped it.  
 "As you all know, there is one particular student in our school that is
  our most difficult case. Multiple detentions, even suspension, has not rectified
  the problem, so we will begin with this student."  
 Heather's eyes were wide and she poked Tami in the side. "Oh my god, Tami!
  Who do you think it is?"  
 Tami's eyes were closed and she was leaning back as Brad's hand moved deeply
  under her skirt.  
 "Huh? What Heather?" Tami said, pleasure clearly passing through her features.  
 "Tami! Wake up!" Heather exclaimed.  
 "Tami Edwards, you need to come up to the stage please." The principals
  voice announced loudly.  
 Tami's eyes snapped open and she bolted upright. "What?"  
 Heather's hands flew to her open mouth. "Oh god, Tami."  
 The principal looked slightly angry. "Ms. Edwards! Come to the stage. Now."  
Tami stood, looking at Brad with a frightened glance and moved down the row
  of students until she got to the aisle. Mrs. Rutger was waiting for her.  
 "Straighten your skirt girl! You look like a cheap two penny whore!" Rutger
  said with a snarl.  
 Tami hands fluttered around her skirt, pushing it back down to mid thigh.
  She tried to pull it lower, but the tight waistband kept it firmly above her
  hips.  
 Together, Mrs. Rutger and Tami approached the stage, moving to the left
  side to mount the stairs. A hush had fallen over the entire student body as
  they watched the pretty brunette in the short skirt step gingerly across the
  platform.  
 "Stand in front of the table, Ms. Edwards, facing the students." The principal
  said.  
 Tami moved in front of the table, her hands folded together in front of
  her. Her eyes betrayed her worry as she looked out over her peers. A couple
  of the boys in the front row we're ducking low, doing their best to peer up
  Tami's skirt. She squeezed her legs together.  
 "Ms. Edwards, since you joined us last year you have managed to disrupt
  classes forty three times. You have been suspended from school twice, served
  fifty seven detentions for various offenses, led a number of other classmates
  in breaking school rules, and shown irritating levels of disrespect for your
  teachers. As you know, this state allows us to use corporal punishment methods,
  which the faculty and school board have decided to inflict upon you in the
  most embarrassing manner possible." The principal stated, as if reading from
  a prewritten speech.  
 "What?" cried Tami. "You can't do that to me!"  
 "Oh yes we can." The principal said angrily. "I've had it with you, Ms.
  Edwards. And furthermore, after you are caned here in front of the students,
  you will be punished in every one of your classes for the rest of the day!
  You will be escorted from class to class, to prevent you from taking another
  one of your unauthorized departures, and you will suffer extreme humiliation
  for your actions. Perhaps this will rectify some of your more glaring personality
  faults." The principal snarled. "Now remove your clothing."  
 Tami's eyes widened, tears welling upward. Not a sound echoed through the
  entire auditorium as the entire student body stared. Tami stood there immobile,
  her brain shocked with the order.  
 "Ms. Edwards, I will not ask you again. Either disrobe, or Coach Hampton
  and Mrs. Rutger will do it for you." The principal said quietly.  
 Tami watched as Mrs. Rutger stepped forward, a cruel grin on her face.  
 "If I have to do it, Tami, you'll not have much to wear home today." Mrs.
  Rutger said softly but with steel in her voice.  
 "Please&hellip;Mrs. Rutger. I'm not wearing panties or a bra." Tami said
  softly, trying desperately to hide her embarrassment.  
 Mrs. Rutger looked at her in disgust. "Tami, you rarely wear panties or
  bras. Don't you think we're fully aware of that? Now take that halter top and
  that skirt off. NOW!"  
 The shout was plainly audible to everyone despite no microphones and Tami
  jumped, her fingers flying to the bottom of her halter top. In frightened obedience
  she lifted the white cotton upward exposing her pierced belly button. Tears
  filled her eyes, hiding the rapt faces of the other students as the shirt bared
  her breasts. Two creamy mounds topped with tiny pink buttons that tightened
  in the cool air graced the stage.  
 A tumultuous roar came from the crowd, jeers and catcalls interspaced with
  wolf whistles hit Tami almost physically. Her hands came up to cover her breasts,
  only to have Mrs. Rutger come up behind her, grasp the hem of her skirt and
  yank it downward.  
 Tami screamed in shock, one arm dropping to cover her exposed slit, a clean
  shaven delight of pink and cream. Rutger yanked on her arm, forcing her to
  step out of the fallen skirt and showing more than just the front row what
  they wanted to see. Tears flowed unabashed down Tami's cheeks as Mrs. Rutger
  pulled the girl in front of the large table, turning her around and showing
  her marble buttocks to the student body.  
 Facing away from the students was much better for Tami and her sobs started
  to abate. Tears still poured and she barely registered the principal beating
  on his lectern with a ruler, calling for quiet. Slowly the roar died, replaced
  by an excited hush.  
 "Ms. Edwards," The principal began, "you have earned so many lashes over
  the course of the last year and a half that your bottom couldn't begin to handle
  it. The faculty voted, with the approval of the school board, that since you
  seem to value your other assets so carefully, displaying them proudly, that
  those parts of you should share in the punishment." He paused, licking his
  lips. "So you will receive twenty lashes of the cane to your bottom, twenty
  lashes with a crop to your breasts, and twenty lashes with a cloth whip to
  your sex. Mrs. Rutger?"  
 Mrs. Rutger stepped up to Tami and suddenly pushed her over the table, the
  young girls breasts mashing against the faux wood top. "Spread your legs, Tami.
  I want everyone to see what you've only been showing to a select few." Rutger
  kicked at Tami's heels until her legs were spread apart.  
 Rutger moved around to the other side of the table, grasping Tami's wrists
  in a tight clasp. Tami heard a swooshing sound and arched her neck to see the
  principal practice swinging a vicious looking stick. He quickly approached
  the table and without hesitation swung it sharply against Tami's bottom.  
 A thin crimson line immediately appeared across the white surface of her
  bottom, the flesh shaking delightedly as Tami's throat opened in a startled
  scream. She pulled desperately at Mrs. Rutger's grasp, only to find the woman
  holding on with inhuman strength.  
 "Damn, I've wanted to do that to you for a year now." The principal said
  under his breath. "I've had it with your antics." He swung the cane again.  
 The pain from the blow radiated outward, down her legs, and even up her
  body until it seemed like her whole being was suffused with it. Welt after
  welt appeared, some low down almost on her legs, while some were placed high.
  At the tenth strike several purple marks appeared and Tami bucked and screamed
  as the principal continued.  
 Finally her bottom was a mass of red lines interspaced with a few bruises
  between them. Her throat ached from the constant cried of agony, and Rutger
  let go of her wrists. Tami just lay on the table, her bottom a hot flaming
  pain that throbbed, her mind so totally overwhelmed she had failed to notice
  the students chanting the numbers of strokes.  
 A strong hand grasped her shoulder, whirling her around to face the students
  and she looked out through her tear-blurred eyes and saw the looks of fright,
  lust, cruelty, and even a little envy scattered amongst the faces of her fellow
  students. Her eyes found Heather, who sobbed quietly into her handkerchief,
  while next to her, the hungry look in Brad's eyes told her what he felt.  
 Mrs. Rutger moved behind her, sitting down upon the table and Tami felt
  the teacher's arms entrap her own limbs. Rutger pushed outward, forcing Tami's
  breasts forward, the young girl's arms locked in a restraint hold.  
 As the principal approached with the crop, a cruel leather tipped whip,
  Tami found the energy to once again struggle. Mrs. Rutger tightened her grip
  keeping Tami from escaping. Tami watched in horror as the crop swung at her
  unprotected breasts, the leather tip slamming into her left mound as the cane
  part itself landed across the nipple of her right.  
 Her bosom exploded in shooting pain and her legs gave out. Rutger held her
  up as the principal swung again, this time landing the tip on her right breast.
  With each blow Tami screamed, her body bucking to collapse back down in Rutger's
  arms. By the third stroke, both breasts were red, hot heavy mounds of beaten
  flesh. And yet the principal continued.  
 Tami's throat swelled shut around the fifteenth stroke, unable to any longer
  voice her agony. The last five were punctuated with moaning groans and high
  pitched squeals, her body covered in a glistening sheen as she endured.  
 Sobbing silently, Tami felt Rutger release her arms, pushing her down upon
  the table. Laying on her back, Tami cradled her breasts and flinched as her
  tender bottom touched the wood. Her cheeks and eyes were red, but not as much
  as her breasts, two harsh pink globes that now seemed swollen.  
 Once more Mrs. Rutger took hold of Tami's arms. The teen barely registered
  it, only feeling the pain from her abused bosom. Tami's hands were drawn above
  her head and the young girl saw the faces of Coach Hampton and Mr. Mason. Each
  man took hold of an ankle, the soft tender flesh yielding under their hands.
  Together, they spread her legs stretching her wider and wider, her bottom touching
  the table and eliciting agonizing squeals from their victim. The bare folds
  of her slit spread as the men pulled, allowing the gaping hold of her love
  to be easily seen.  
 The principal moved to her side with the cloth whip, intent on continuing.
  Standing at her breast so as not to obstruct the view of the students, he brought
  the whip downward, its multi-headed end knotted. It impacted with a loud crack,
  causing Tami to jerk wildly. Once more her throat opened in a scream and the
  crowd shouted out. The principal swung again, slamming the whip into the girls
  crotch. Streaks of red inflamed skin radiated outward, but the soft tissue
  between Tami's legs absorbed most of the abuse.  
 Again and again the whip fell, turning the teen's flower into a reddish
  mass. The sound of the whip striking changed as Tami's sex soaked the cloth
  heads. No longer screaming, her body still shook as each blow fell. Finally
  it was over and the teachers released Tami, who lay exhausted and hurting on
  the table.  
 The principal returned to the lectern, rubbing his arm and holding on to
  the cloth whip. He could smell the scent of Tami's sex on it.  
 "Ladies and gentlemen, you have all witnessed this punishment and many of
  you will have the chance to witness the remaining trials Ms. Edwards will have
  inflicted upon her. Let this serve as a warning. Any further disobedience,
  disrespect, or policy violations will result in similar punishments for any
  and all, disregarding gender. Please return to your class rooms at this time."  
 Tami heard the sound of the students leaving, their voices subdued but excited
  about what they had observed at the assembly. Her body ached in places and
  ways she had never believed possible. She raised her head to look at the principal,
  who was in conversation with Mr. Mason.  
 "I'm sorry that took so long, William. I hope it won't ruin what you have
  in mind." The principal said.  
 Mr. Mason shook his head. "No, we still have thirty minutes of class left."  
 Mrs. Rutger filled Tami's sight. "All right, girl. Get up. You have to return
  to class." The woman said, taking Tami's wrists and pulling her up off the
  table.  
 Tami stood, her body still aching and she stared at Mrs. Rutger.  
 "Well, come on, Tami. Back to the class room." Said Mr. Mason.  
 Tami looked at him in shock. "I need my clothes first."  
 "No you don't. We want the whole school to see the effects of your punishment.
  It's a deterrent. Besides, you're punishment is far from over." Mr. Mason responded.  
 "Don't worry, Tami. I'll hold on to your clothes until after school. I know
  you ride the bus home, so maybe I will give them to your driver to give to
  you after you get off the bus" Mrs. Rutger said.  
 Mr. Mason placed a hand on Tami's shoulder, pushing her toward the side
  of the stage and down the stairs. The auditorium had cleared out, leaving only
  a scattering of trash. They walked up the aisle and out into the empty hallways.  
Chapter Two: Historical Torture   
 Tami's classmates were seated quietly when she was led into the room. Clearly
  they were shocked at seeing her unclothed body, her breasts and sex still bright
  red from their beating. Mr. Mason moved her next to his desk at the front of
  the room and told her to sit down on the edge of the desk. Tami tried, but
  the excruitating pain of her bottom forced her back up and Mr. Mason laughed.  
 "Okay, fine, Tami. Stand next to the blackboard please, facing the class." He
  ordered.  
 Tami moved to the wall as Mr. Mason rummaged around in his desk, finally
  removing two thin pieces of string.  
 "As you all know, Ms. Edwards will be receiving different punishments from
  her other teachers for the remainder of the day. Ms. Edwards? If you resist
  or refuse to cooperate, I can promise you that there will be another assembly
  called. Now place your hands behind your head." Mr. Mason ordered.  
 Tears once more welled in her eyes, but she followed his order, knowing
  she could never survive a second assembly. Mr. Mason held up the first string
  and Tami saw that one end of the short, six inch, string was tied in a loop.  
 Mr. Mason's fingers reached out and very softly began stroking Tami's left
  breast, concentrating on the nipple. Tami groaned, sucking in her breath, but
  the soft touch contrasted with the still painful heat and she felt her nipple
  puckering, each tiny nub of flesh contracting and then popping out.  
 Mr. Mason smiled and slipped the loop of the string over her nipple, pulling
  it snuggly, but not tight. The other breast needed no caress but he repeated
  the process anyway, enjoying the feel of her nipple, then looping the string
  around the delicate nub. He took both strings in his hands and then gave a
  sharp pull, tightening the loops and eliciting a sharp squeal of protest from
  Tami.  
 "Give me your hands." He ordered. Tami dropped her arms and held out her
  wrists.  
 Mr. Mason crossed her hands below her breasts, taking the string from her
  left nipple, and tying it tightly to the thumb of her right hand. The right
  breast was tied to her left thumb. Each string was then only three inches long
  and Tami suddenly found that she couldn't rest her arms on her abdomen without
  tugging on her breasts.  
 "You will remain like that until your next class, presuming Dr. Cook wants
  to remove them." Mr. Mason said, turning back to the class.  
 Tami held her arms up as Mr. Mason began a brief over view of the test scheduled
  for the following day. As he went over the answers, Tami felt her arms tiring
  and she tried to prop them up. No matter what position she tried though, the
  string wasn't long enough and tugged painful on her nipples. Soon her breasts
  were stretched out, a grimace of pain etched on her face as her tired arms
  were held up by her breasts.  
 The bell rang and Mr. Mason told her to stay put as her classmates left.
  Heather stayed the longest, looking at Tami with pity and sorrow in her eyes.
  Soon Mr. Mason took Tami's hand, tugging it softly to pull at her breast.  
 "Let's go, Ms. Edwards. Dr. Cook is looking forward to you participating
  in his lecture." Mr. Mason led her out of the classroom and into the hall.
  The crowd of students loitering outside was twice the normal amount and a clear
  path formed to allow Mr. Mason to escort her across the campus. A few whistles
  and cheers came as she stumbled once, yanking painfully on her breasts. The
  made it without further incident and Mr. Mason turned her over to Dr. Cook. 
Chapter Three: Painful Angles   
 Dr. Cook was a well dressed man with a full head of hair. At six feet tall
  he towered over most of the students. Dressed immaculately in his pressed oxford
  shirt and gray slacks, he exuded confidence. He also was inordinately kind,
  and despite Tami's attitude, she doubted whether Dr. Cook would punish her.  
 "Well well, Tami. It looks like you finally got some of what you deserved." Dr.
  Cook said, looking her over with an appreciative eye. "I like what you did
  with the string, Will. Something historical?"  
 Mr. Mason chuckled. "Actually, yes. It's a variation from the old witch
  drownings in Europe. They would tie a woman's thumb to her big toe, crossing
  the legs. Made swimming impossible. If the woman survived, she was a witch."  
 Dr. Cook laughed. "I like it. Well, come on, Tami. You're part of my lecture
  today." Dr Cook led her into the classroom.  
 "Bye Ms. Edwards. I hope you suffer immensely for the rest of the day." Mr.
  Mason said with relish.  
 Tami stumbled forward, following Dr. Cook with trepidation. Already there
  was a quiet hum amongst the other students as Dr. Cook pulled her to the front
  of the class. Tami couldn't face the stares and lewd comments and stared resolutely
  at the floor, wishing the whole morning was nothing but a bad nightmare she
  could wake up from.  
 Usually, Dr. Cook preferred to sit at the head of the class, sitting behind
  an overhead projector. But this morning his high stool and the projector had
  been moved off to the side which made room for another folding table just like
  the one Tami had been on at the Assembly. Laid out on one side was a number
  of large geometric shape models, including cylinders, spheres, and even three
  different types of pyramids.  
 "All right everyone, settle down now." Dr. Cook said loudly, trying to re-impose
  a semblance of order over the class. "Come here, Tami. You get to kneel on
  the table." Dr. Cook put his hands under her arms and lifted her up onto the
  table. Her arms could only move so far and the movement tugged harshly on her
  breasts, bringing tears to her eyes. Her head hung, her eyes dripping and cheeks
  tear streaked as Dr. Cook pushed her legs apart, forcing her to kneel with
  her body wide spread.  
 "Oh please, no, Dr. Cook! That hurts!" Tami cried out as she felt her thighs
  begin to ache.  
 "Nonsense, Tami. It's supposed to hurt. But don't worry; I'll be giving
  you some support in just a moment." He turned and faced the class.  
 "I realize that you are all advanced mathematicians, but I wanted to go
  over the some geometrical shapes along with some formulas on how to figure
  angle degree, hypotenuse, area, and even volume." He picked up on of the pyramids,
  a tall four sided steep sloped object that was almost seven inches tall and
  six wide. It was made of wood, but coated with some rubber type latex.  
 Tami couldn't concentrate as he began to tell the class about ratios and
  isosceles triangles, the ache in her legs taking far more of her attention.
  Her breasts still ached, but it was the constant weight of her arms on her
  nipples that hurt the most. Her bottom was nothing but a warm throb that was
  bearable unless it touched something.  
 "And perhaps Tami can tell us what the slope of this pyramid is then." Announced
  Dr. Cook who held up the pyramid in front of her face, forcing her to look
  at it.  
 "Well Tami? What's the slope degree? Or were you not paying attention as
  usual?" demanded Dr. Cook.  
 Tami opened her mouth unable to respond as the doctor waved the object in
  front of her face. Finally she stammered her ignorance.  
 "I-I-I don't know."  
 Dr Cook frowned, but with a sparkle in his eye. "I figured as much. Well,
  I'll just make sure you study this one. Maybe by the end of class you can tell
  me what I want to know." He placed the pyramid on the table in front of her
  and between her legs and pushed it back toward her until she felt the side
  of it against her sex. She jumped, her still pink flower tender to the slightest
  touch.  
 "Lift up, little Tami. You get to do a touch and feel session." Dr. Cook
  said.  
 Tami rose up, feeling the pain in her thighs relax for just a moment. She
  cried out and cringed away from Dr. Cook as the fingers of his left hand found
  her wet slit, spreading the beaten petals of her flower open. She felt the
  hard sharp point of the pyramid, first against her skin, and then pushed into
  her ever so slightly.  
 "Okay, down you go again, Tami." Dr. Cook said, his hands on her hips. Tami
  gasped as he pushed downward. She felt the tip of the pyramid begin to drive
  upward into her body. Tami had been deflowered two years before, followed by
  a succession of boys and even Heather's fingers, but nothing prepared her for
  the angular intruder penetrating her now. With even the little pressure applied
  by Dr. Cook, the tall pyramid spread her sex wide, stretching the tender bruised
  skin apart. As she sunk down, the tip drove inward until she could feel the
  sides of the pyramid pressing hard against the bones of her pelvis. She burst
  into tears as the pain lashed upward into her.  
 "Oh hush." Said Dr. Cook. He pulled two long wide leather straps from a
  desk drawer and placed one over each out spread bent leg.  
 "Jeremy? Can you come and help me secure these?" He motioned to one of the
  boys sitting at the front. The boy rose and helped the doctor run the straps
  under the table, and then one above each outstretched leg. Dr. Cook buckled
  the first one, yanking it hard and taut, eliciting another outcry from Tami.
  The second strap being tightened didn't provoke more than a groan, but the
  class could see that Tami's sex had been spread and stretched so wide that
  the previously red flesh had turned white. Tami sobbed, her hands tugging at
  her nipples as her strength failed her and she was split up the middle.  
 Dr. Cook continued his lecture while the class watched Tami writhe and moan,
  sometimes shaking, punctuating the lesson with whines and squeals. Frequently
  she strained, trying to rise up, but the straps held her down. Finally the
  period bell rang and Dr. Cook loosed the straps, pulling her upward. The pyramid
  was coated with clear juice, but Dr. Cook knew it had not been a pleasant sexual
  experience. He massaged Tami's legs quickly when it became apparent she wouldn't
  be able to stand.  
 "Come on, Tami. You've got science next., don't you?" Asked Dr. Cook as
  he helped her to her feet. Trembling and shaking, she could barely walk. He
  kept one arm around her, supporting her as they made their way from his classroom
  and down the hall.  
 Once more she was object of scrutiny, but Dr. Cook's presence kept the remarks
  too a minimum. Tami could barely comprehend what was happening, her body a
  riot of pain and discomfort.  
Chapter Four: The Electric Lecture   
 They entered the science lab and Dr. Cook smiled and waved at Ms. Temis
  who stood at the front of the class, a severe look of displeasure on her face.  
 "So here is the miscreant! I appreciate your bringing her Doctor Cook. Did
  she give you any problems?" Ms. Temis asked.  
 Dr. Cook laughed. "Not really. She just spent the last hour trying to figure
  out the degree of slope on a triangular pyramid that she was sitting on."  
 Temis sneered cruelly at the still thumb to nipple bound girl. "I trust
  the degree was severe?"  
 Dr. Cook shook his head. "On the contrary, it was a light slope, much more
  agonizing on her I would imagine."  
 Temis waved her hand. "Whatever. Sit her down here in this chair." She motioned
  to a large wooden chair with arm rests that sat next to the tall lab table.
  Dr. Cook lowered Tami down, who gasped, her eyes watering as the pain of her
  earlier caning surged through her butt.  
 "That will be adequate, Dr. Cook. Thank you." Ms. Temis said as Dr. Cook
  released her.  
 "Anytime, Ms. Temis. I hope her punishment goes smoothly." Dr. Cook reached
  down and tilted Tami's face up. "It was a sixty five degree slope, Tami. Good
  penetration depth, not to mention the spread. I hope you rethink your attitudes
  toward the teachers, or otherwise you will end up hurting a lot more than you
  are right now." Dr. Cook patted her head softly and turned, leaving her to
  Ms. Temis.  
 "Well first, let's get those ridiculous strings off your tits." Ms. Temis
  said crossly. With a snip of a pair of scissors Tami gasped as the weight of
  her arms dropped free of her nipples. It took a bit more care to get the tightened
  little loops of each nipple, but Ms. Temis worked quietly and with care until
  the string came loose, leaving two dark red marks surrounding each protruding
  nub.  
 "Hmmmm&hellip;" Ms. Temis hummed, leaning back. "That worked out better
  than I could have hoped. Put your arms on the rests, Ms. Edwards."  
 Tami lifted her arms to the rests, laying them gently down on the hard wood.
  Ms. Temis pulled out a roll of duct tape, tearing a two foot long swath free
  from the spool. Tami watched almost dispassionately as the science teacher
  wrapped her right wrist to the arm rest. More tape secured her elbow and other
  arm just as tightly and Tami only began to panic when Temis actually stooped
  to tape her ankles and knees to the chair. Lastly Temis pulled another small
  strip and placed it across Tami's mouth, effectively muffling her. Tami's responding
  squeal was nothing more than a minor noise.  
 Temis turned to the class, who had been watching with interest as Temis
  prepared Tami, and the young teen saw that a couple of the same students who
  had been in her math class were also in this one. One boy near the front was
  wiggling his eyebrows and making the form of a pyramid with his fingers, smiling
  mischievously.  
 Temis finally stood up and turned to the class. "Today we will be discussing
  the terms and facts of electricity, its uses and effects." She held up a thin
  wand with a glass end. With a quick flick of her thumb it started to glow purple.
  She turned toward Tami and lowered it quickly to the girl's swollen nipple,
  touching the violet wand to the stretched and abused flesh.  
 Tami shrieked so loudly that the class was grateful her mouth was taped.
  She jumped wildly in the chair, her entire torso rising upward. Temis pulled
  the wand away and put it down. Another long stretch of tape around Tami's middle
  secured her to the chair and Temis reached for her wand again. Tears poured
  down Tami's face, soaking the duct tape on her mouth, as she shook her head
  violently, her brown eyes begging, pleading with Temis not to shock her again.  
 But the science teacher bent forward and began touching Tami indiscriminately
  with the wand. The class watched as Tami bucked against the restraints as the
  wand touched her breasts, then her underarm. Temis moved down, ramming the
  wand into Tami's belly before pressing it for almost a minute against Tami's
  clit.  
 Tami could do nothing to stop her, her breathing coming in desperate gasps
  of sucking air as she tried to breathe through the sharp pains. Temis continued
  downward, shocking the young teen's thighs, the backs of her knees, and then
  finally the soles of Tami's feet. Tami began to choke, her throat closing up
  and Temis rose, quickly ripping off the tape covering the girl's face, letting
  the tortured girl get a huge breath.  
 Temis put down the wand, patently ignoring the rest of the class. She picked
  up several small metal clamps, each shaped with tiny metal teeth and two colored
  wires leading away. Tami screamed, her voice almost gone, as the first clamp
  snapped shut on her left nipple. A second bit down on her right and Tami went
  ridged, her mind almost shutting down from the pain. Temis pulled a third clamp,
  larger with less ridges of teeth and bent between Tami's legs. In a flash,
  Temis had pulled the teen's clit outward, letting the pincers of the clamp
  close insanely tight on the girl's flesh. Tami's eyes rolled backward into
  her head, but she held on to consciousness.  
 The wires all lead to a large black box on the science table. A large black
  extension cord reached to the small electrical socket embedded in the basalt
  surface. Temis smiled, her eyes glittering with excitement as she turned the
  small knob on the box to setting one.  
 Tami gasped, her body trembled as what seemed like a desperate itch crawled
  over her body, but centering on her clit and nipples. At last Temis turned
  toward the rest of the students, explaining the difference between amps, watts,
  and volts. She talked of electrical pressure and electrical volume, but Tami
  missed it all as the young girl dealt with the crawling of her skin.  
 Temis turned the knob to level two and the crawling itching feeling became
  a tingling. Tami moaned and she sobbed once as she felt a strange sensation
  from her sex. A deep rush surged through her and she felt a wave of moisture
  seep from her slit onto the chair. The tingling spread through her loins until
  she could feel it even along the rim of her bottom.  
 Temis continued her lecture, but stopped long enough to turn the knob to
  level three. Tami cried out, but not in pain, as the electrical surge sparked
  the necessary feeling in her sex. Tami moaned, groaning and trying to pump
  her hips as the electrical tingling became a sharp prickly-pin feeling. Her
  voice smoothed into a fluid cry of pleasure.  
 Temis snarled and picked up the violet wand again, touching it to Tami's
  breast, shocking the girl back into pain. Tami looked up at Temis, her throat
  sore and raw from her screams. But the orgasm faded back into the pain washing
  over Tami.  
 "This is punishment, Ms. Edwards. It's not for your sexual perversions." Ms.
  Temis said, her voice hard and edged. The knob clicked to level four and Tami
  began jerking in the chair, her muscles no longer under control.  
 The class watched in amazement as Tami's body seemed to tremble in the chair,
  shaking as if some crazy puppeteer were controlling her. Her eyes had rolled
  into the backof her head and her teeth grit tightly together. Without warning,
  Temis snapped the knob to five as the class gazed on in rapture.  
 Tami couldn't control the convulsions as her body reacted to the electricity.
  She was sure, in the recesses of her mind that Temis was burning her, as the
  shocking pain couldn't be explained any other way. Her mouth was open in a
  soundless scream, her throat long before closed to prevent further damage.
  Her clit felt as if someone had ripped it from her body, her breasts nothing

  more than huge balls of pain that hung from her chest, hurting in ways she
  was unable to describe.  
 And then it was over. Everything stopped and Tami opened her eyes, looking
  down at her perspiration soaked body. A puddle of her juices sat between her
  spread legs and her flower was still leaking. She looked up, her muscles aching
  but no longer in pain, as the class slowly exited the room, heading toward
  the cafeteria.  
 Ms. Temis undid the clamps, and Tami groaned, biting her lip as the small
  pains shot through her breasts and then her loins. Ms. Temis used her scissors
  to cut the duct tape, freeing Tami from the chair.  
 "You're eating lunch in the teacher's lounge, Ms. Edwards." Ms. Temis said. "No
  one wants to baby sit you in the cafeteria, so you will accompany me. Get up!"  
 Tami struggled to her feet, surprised that her body responded to the order.
  She realized that she no longer hurt from the whipping she had received at
  the assembly, the other tortures she had endured far surpassing the minor damage
  the principal had inflicted upon her.  
 "Let's go, Ms. Edwards." Ms. Temis said, pushing the girl toward the door.
  Once more Tami found herself in the hall, but this time it was empty, since
  all the students had hurried to the cafeteria. Surely, Tami knew, the topic
  of conversation would be the Assembly and her three classes.  
Chapter Five: Lunch Humiliation   
Ms. Temis led her to the teacher's lounge where the science teacher dropped
  a hot lunch from the school's kitchen in front of her. Tami ate in silence
  as the other teachers in the room joked and talked as if she wasn't even there.
  In a way, the indifferent attitude they displayed was more torture than the
  attention Tami had received from her classmates. Totally humiliated, Tami shrunk
  down in her seat, trying desperately to disappear.  
 Coach Hampton entered into the teacher's lounge with a smile. "Hi, Sheryl.
  I'm here for Ms. Edwards."  
 Ms. Temis looked up at the huge hulking coach, his gray hair framing his
  face. "Take her, Mark. I've got to get to my next class." She said waving her
  hand.  
 Coach Hampton strode to where Tami was sitting quietly. "Let's go, Ms. Edwards."  
 Tami nodded obediently and rose from the chair turning to follow him.  
 "Um! Excuse me!" said Ms. Temis angrily. Tami turned back to face her science
  teacher in surprise and flinched as the woman picked up the half eaten meal
  tray, turned it sideways and pushed it against Tami's bare body.  
 "I'm not your maid! Clean it up yourself! And drop the tray off at the lunch
  room on your way to gym." Ms. Temis said angrily.  
 Tami's eyes flooded with tears again and she felt the warm leftovers slide
  against her breasts. She could feel a bit of the gravy slip downward past her
  hip and move along the flow of her leg to her flower. She brought the tray
  downward and looked at her chest. It was spotted with mashed potatoes, gravy,
  and the nasty cranberry sauce the school served.  
 Coach Hampton rolled his eyes. "Was that really necessary, Sheryl?" He asked
  resignedly.  
 Temis glared at him. "Yes. It was."  
 Coach Hampton sighed. "All right. Come on, Ms. Edwards. We'll drop that
  off at the kitchen.  
 Tami led the way as Coach Hampton followed, pushing her onward as she kept
  slowing. The loud rowdiness of the lunchroom overwhelmed Tami as they came
  closer and closer. Finally, Coach Hampton opened the doors to the lunch room
  and Tami stepped in, holding the tray in front of her splattered body like
  a shield.  
 A sudden hush fell over the students as they spotted her, but then loud
  cheers erupted and Tami flushed bright red as students began yelling at her,
  commenting on her lunch decorated body. She hurried forward to the kitchen,
  depositing the tray in on the counter.  
 "Just a second, Tami." Coach Hampton said, looking in at the kitchen. "Let's
  get you cleaned up." He took her arm and pulled her onto the water soaked tiles
  of the kitchen back to the large sinks and washer. A large portly woman held
  a nozzle with a squeeze trigger and was rinsing off the trays when Coach Hampton
  approached with Tami. Steam rose from the torrents of hot water gushing from
  the nozzle.  
 "Pardon me, ma'am." Coach Hampton interrupted. The woman's eyes widened
  in astonishment as she saw the unclad beauty in front of her.  
 "Ms. Edwards got a little messy while cleaning up her lunch. Would you mind
  spraying her off?"  
 The woman's eyes cleared in understanding and she turned the hose toward
  Tami. Tami braced herself as the toggle was pressed and a high powered jet
  of hot water streamed toward her, soaking her body in a scalding torrent. Coach
  Hampton ordered her to sluice the food still clinging to her off and finish
  rinsing. The water was hot and in a few moments Tami was clean, but bright
  pink.  
 "Spread your legs, Tami." Ordered Hampton, who took the nozzle from the
  washerwoman.  
 "Oh please no, Coach!" begged Tami.  
 Coach Hampton's face hardened. "Your pussy is soaked, and not from water.
  I won't tolerate it. You aren't supposed to be enjoying this. Open them or
  I'll get the football team in here to open you up. And when I do that I won't
  just spray you with this water hose, I'll have you fucked with it. Now open
  up!"  
 Once more Tami choked up, small sobs escaping from her throat as she spread
  her legs. Coach Hampton bent over slightly, moving the head of the nozzle to
  right under Tami's exposed slit. His finger hit the toggle which opened the
  flood and the steamy water surged upward into Tami's pink creamed slit.  
 Tami screamed, her fingers going down to her crotch, but she had at least
  the presence of mind not to cover herself. Her legs buckled and even her ankles
  seemed to jitter as the scalding water purged her sex. Water flowed over and
  off her body to stream downward, gurgling down a drain nearby.  
 Finally Coach Hampton stood upright, the spray stopping. "Okay. I think
  we're done here. Let's go, Tami."  
Chapter Six: An Active Egg   
Tami stumbled to the kitchen door, her skin still steaming, as Coach Hampton
  handed the hose back to the smiling woman. The only thought in Tami's mind
  was to escape the kitchen and she was surprised to see that the lunchroom was
  empty.  
 Coach Hampton took her arm and she found herself be propelled at a faster
  speed as they exited the lunchroom and walked to the gym. The cool spring air
  seemed almost icy on her flushed skin and goose bumps rose along her arms and
  legs. She turned her face upward toward the sun and realized that the hot wash,
  if nothing else, had seemed to loosen her body up, relaxing and easing some
  of her pain.  
 The gym was a large building with four sets of double doors leading to the
  main basketball court, along with two side courts separated by bleachers. Coach
  Hampton opened the door for her and pushed her toward the side court where
  her class normally met. A lump caught in Tami's throat as she saw her class
  sitting spaced out, ready for their normal warm up exercises.  
 All eyes stared at her and she resolutely stared forward, trying desperately
  to ignore the hungry stares. She started to move to her regular spot, but Coach
  Hampton stopped her, pushing her to the front of the group.  
 "You get to lead us in our warm up exercises, Tami. But first, I want you
  to have the proper attitude for it. Spread your legs." Coach Hampton said,
  reaching into his pocket.  
 Tami faced him, spreading her legs just as she did in the kitchen and watched
  with trepidation as he removed a small egg shaped object. It was purple and
  small short wire dangled from it.  
 "Mr. Conner! Front and center!" Coach Hampton called out. One of the boys
  immediately jumped up and approached.  
 "Yes Coach?" asked the boy.  
 "Please take this object and insert it into Ms. Edward's vaginal orifice." He
  said as a wave of laughter washed through the group.  
 "Her what?" Conner asked, his eyebrow raised.  
 Coach Hampton sighed and rolled his eyes. "Her pussy, Conner. Her pussy."  
 That caused more laughter and the boy's face flushed as he took the object
  from Coach Hampton and knelt down in front of Tami. Tami's face flushed red.
  Billy Conner was the schools biggest nerd and this was probably the first time
  he had ever actually seen a girl naked, much less got to touch one!  
 Conner at first just tried to push it in, but when it proved difficult he
  took hold of one side of her sex, pulling it open. Tami was surprised to realize
  that her flower had lubed itself already, despite the scalding wash she had
  endured. It didn't take long for the object to soak, slipping in quickly.  
 "Make sure it's in deep, Mr. Conner. Stick your thumb in and push it all
  the way into the back."  
 Tami gasped as she was penetrated for the first time that day, deeply, and
  she trembled slightly as a wave of pleasure hit her. Billy Conner grinned,
  his pimply face smiling in such a way that Tami almost felt sorry for the little
  geek. He mashed his thumb up and in, wiggling it against the sides of her well
  like a little worm in its hole.  
 "All right that enough, Mr. Conner. I appreciate your assistance. Go sit
  down."  
 Conner stood up, suddenly looking at his thumb, coated in Tami's juices.
  He didn't seem to know what to do with it. He stood there with a look of disgust
  and of excitement all at the same time.  
 Coach Hampton made two steps and grabbed Billy Conner's arm, taking hold
  of his wrist. He pulled Conner back up to Tami and held the slick thumb up
  to Tami's mouth.  
 "Open up, Tami. Suck all that stuff off." Ordered Coach Hampton.  
 Tami opened her mouth and the coach pushed Conner's thumb in. Tami almost
  gagged, tasting the salty musky flavor, but she sucked on the boy's thumb until
  the coach pulled it out.  
 "There you go, Conner. Go sit down." Said Coach Hampton.  
 "Thanks Coach." The boy said with a smile.  
 Coach Hampton waved at him and turned to the class. "Everyone up! Twenty
  five jumping jacks now!" He turned back toward Tami. "You get to lead them,
  Tami."  
 Tami stared out into the sea of faces, trying desperately to find the courage.
  She dropped her arms to her sides and watched as everyone did the same. With
  much trepidation she called out the start.  
 "Ready, set, go. One. Two. Three&hellip;" Tami yelled out loud.  
 Tami began on one, jumping up and spreading her entire body, her beasts
  flopping. As normal, the Coach took over the counting as Tami became winded,
  but a sheen of perspiration coated her and her breasts ached from the bouncing.
  Just as they finished Tami cried out, dropping to her knees, her hands going
  to her sex.  
 Coach Hampton stepped over her, a small control box in his hand. "I hope
  that feels good Tami. That vibrator is on its highest setting."  
 Tami moaned, rubbing at her flower, almost incoherent while dealing with
  the earthquakes inside her.  
 Coach Hampton pointed at three of the boys. "You three go into the hall.
  There is a table with a box on it. Bring it inside. Also you will find a cooler
  there. Bring that as well." The three boys leapt to their feet, running to
  the hallway.  
 In a moment, another table was brought to Tami. She lay on the floor, her
  fingers rubbing her clit as she brought herself to a climax. In the center
  of the table there stood an odd looking open top box. Two circles had been
  cut out on the sides, and the entire inside of the box was lined with a garbage
  bag. Coach Hampton leaned over and opened the cooler. The class watched as
  he took a scoop from the blue ice chest and poured a smattering of tiny ice
  cubes into the box. He dropped the scoop back into the cooler.  
 "Well Tami. It looks like you are in pain there. So we will do what we normally
  do. Put it on ice."  
 Coach Hampton was a big man, as big as Doctor Cook had been if not bigger.
  He squatted down and picked her as easily as if he were bench pressing weights.
  Tami startled in surprise and squealed as he held her up over the table.  
 "Spread your legs again, damn it." He said has he positioned her over the
  open top box. Tami did as she was told and Coach Hampton lowered her into the
  box, her open legs fitting perfectly into the cut holes on the sides. Her skin
  came into contact with the first few pieces of ice and she tried to lift herself
  up, squealing.  
 "Gentlemen, go get me two jump ropes!" Hampton said, pushing down on Tami
  shoulders. Two of the boys who had brought in the table and cooler ran to the
  storage closet, yanking two jump ropes out and bringing them back at a run.
  Tami shivered and cried as she dealt with the cold pressing up into her bottom
  and along the very bottom of her hot slit.  
 "You. Get under the table and tie her legs together as tight as possible.
  I don't want her to be able to pull up. Understand?" Coach Hampton ordered.  
 Tami felt the rough rope being wrapped around her left ankle. Then her leg
  was pulled tight and she felt her legs bent under the table. Her right leg
  was secured and she found she couldn't move less than an inch up or down, and
  certainly not enough to escape the freezing ice that had already numbed her.  
 Coach Hampton released her shoulders and pulled her arms behind her back.
  In short order, as if he had done it countless times to hundreds of girls,
  he tied her wrists together, then lashed the jump rope upward, bring her elbows
  together in an agonizing tightness. Just as Tami thought it couldn't get worse,
  Hampton went to the cooler and began pouring more ice into the box behind and
  in front of her.  
 Tami squealed loudly as the ice completely encased her sex. Worse, Coach
  Hampton hadn't turned the vibrator off. He reached down between her legs and
  spread her slit, taking the time to push a few ice bits into her swollen flower.
  He dried off his hands on his shirt and reached once more into his pocket,
  pulling out a small roll of athletic tape.  
 He tore a five inch piece off and picked up one of the ice bits. He positioned
  it in the center of the tape and the quickly pushed the taped ice against her
  left nipple. The tape clung to her skin perfectly and Tami shook and cried
  as the cold seared her nub. Hampton repeated the process for her other breasts
  and Tami shivered, crying, and jerking as the combined vibration and ice surged
  pain and discomfort through her.  
 Coach Hampton had the rest of the class run laps around the court, passing
  Tami in an unending circle. He didn't even complain as they slowed when they
  passed her, eyeing the trickling water from her breasts. After about twenty
  laps, Coach Hampton ripped the tape of Tami's breasts, the ice long since melted
  and each nipple as darkly pink as when he had scalded her body with hot water.  
 When she was lifted out of the box her bottom, legs, and loins, were bright
  pink, cold and icy to the touch. She dripped water all over the table and floor
  as she was deposited on the court with an icy thump.  
 "The custodian will be here in a moment, Tami. I want you to mop up this
  mess." He reached into his pocket and removed the control pad, turning off
  the vibrations inside Tami's sex. "There. That should at least ensure that
  you keep your mind on cleaning up this water." He turned to the class. "Everyone
  to the showers!" Tami lay sobbing on the court floor as the class walked past
  her body.  
 A few minutes went by and Mr. Chin, the custodian, arrived with his mop
  bucket. Unlike the rest of the male staff, he didn't ogle Tami, handing her
  the mop as if she were just a recalcitrant child. Tami struggled to her feet,
  taking the wooden handle and slowly running it through the puddled water. She
  swirled the water around, barely registering her actions when suddenly Mr.
  Chin smacked her ass hard.  
 "No! It must be wrung out now. You wring!" He pointed at the mop bucket
  which had a lever press. Tami stumbled to it, lifting the mop up and putting
  the head in the bucket, pushing down on the lever. Slowly the water streamed
  out of the mop into the bucket.  
 Mr. Chin clicked his tongue in disapproval and grabbed the mop from her. "You
  do not'ting right!" He pushed her aside and grabbed the mop, quickly finishing
  up the spill.  
 "You stand there. In front of bucket." Mr. Chin ordered. Tami stepped between
  Mr. Chin and the bucket, a look of bewilderment on her face.  
 "You spread leg now." Chin pointed at her legs, moving his hand rapidly
  outward, motioning her to spread her legs.  
 "What?" Tami exclaimed. "Fuck off."  
 The custodian's face grew hard and he stepped forward, his hand swinging,
  connecting with her face.  
 "You open now! Or I tell Coach!" He yelled.  
 Tami held her hand to her stinging face, tears glittering in her eyes. Slowly
  she spread her legs, allowing Mr. Chin to see her engorged clit, and even the
  little black wire dangling out of her sex.  
 Mr. Chin squatted down and pushed the mop between her ankles, bringing the
  head of the mop upward and into the lever press, so that Tami was straddling
  the handle. He then rose up, bringing the handle with him. Tami gasped when
  she felt the wood touch her sex and she brought her hands down to hold the
  mop handle away.  
 "No! You put hands on head!" Chin said, anger flashing in his eyes. Tami
  bit her lip and raised her arms, linking her fingers behind her head. Her knees
  buckled slightly as Chin pulled upward on the handle, burying it in the soft
  swollen flesh of her flower. Tami rose up on tiptoe, trying to keep him from
  hurting her, but the man seemed to enjoy the crushing pressure he was applying
  to her sex.  
 Tami squealed as Chin started pulling up in sharp little tugs. Each one
  felt like a blow against her sex, made worse by the multiple punishments she
  had endured earlier. Tears were dripping down her face, her body cringing as
  Chin pounded her, his face a gruesome delight.  
 Suddenly the buzzing in her sex started once more, making her almost drop
  her hands. Coach Hampton appeared, his face in a dazzling smile as he watched
  Chin yank the mop handle upward into Tami's crotch. Tami felt herself ripening
  again as the handle pinched her clit over and over, mashing it against her
  bones.  
 Coach Hampton watched Tami's face then placed his hand on the mop handle.
  His finger hit the off switch on his remote.  
 "I think that's enough Mr. Chin. Any more and she might have an orgasm.
  Can't have that." Tami groaned, pushing down hard on the mop handle just as
  Mr. Chin dropped it.  
 "Now, now, Tami. You've got two more classes to go. I believe you are in
  English Literature next with Mrs. Rutger?" Coach Hampton asked.  
 "Yes, sir." Tami replied, her voice barely above a whisper.  
 "Well, let's head there now. We can get a good head start."  
 "Umm&hellip;sir? What about the thing?" Tami said, her voice cracking.  
 "What thing?" Coach Hampton asked, turning to look at her.  
 "The thing you had Billy put inside me. Doesn't it need to come out sir?" begged
  Tami, her voice thick with emotion.  
 Coach Hampton smiled. "Oh no, we can leave it until you get to Mrs. Rutger's
  room. I know she won't need it in you there, so I can get it back then."  
 Coach Hampton pushed Tami toward the doorway and together they exited the
  gym. Once more the afternoon breeze swirled over her skin, a warm touch after
  the icy torture she had so recently endured. They mounted the stone steps of
  the main building, entering through the thick glass door and into the carpeted
  hall just as the bell rang.  
 A flood of students poured out of the rooms, only a few noticing right off
  that Tami was walking though the hall, but quickly the word flew along the
  lockers. Once more Tami found herself walking through a student lined parade
  route, the laughter and shouts and whistles pounding against her ears. Coach
  Hampton glowered at the other students, but did nothing more than keep the
  few outstretched hands intent on touching away from Tami's body. 
Chapter Seven: A New Use For A Crockpot   
 Finally they arrived at Mrs. Rutger's classroom, entering to find several
  students rearranging the desks at Mrs. Rutger's direction.  
 "Oh. You're here already." Mrs. Rutger said, a frown upon her face.  
 "Want her to wait in the hall, Beth?" Coach Hampton asked.  
 Mrs. Rutger shook her head. "No. It won't matter if she see our preparations." She
  turned back toward the boys moving desks. "Against the walls, gentlemen. Leave
  the center space open."  
 Tami looked around as her schoolmates pushed the normally even spaced desks
  into two inward facing halves, opening the center of the room up. Tami noticed
  that there was a crock pot sitting on Mrs. Rutger's desk, the tops of three
  glass jars plainly in view. There was a warm delicious smell, and Tami wondered
  what was cooking.  
 Finally the boys were finished and Mrs. Rutger handed them a blue plastic
  tarp, ordering them to spread it out in the middle of the room, and to tape
  down the edges. Coach Hampton watched for a few minutes and then turned toward
  the English teacher.  
 "Beth? I&hellip;uh&hellip;had Tami wear a certain&hellip;device&hellip;during
  her punishment with me. Want to leave it in? Or do you want me to take it with
  me?"  
 Mrs. Rutger turned with a raised eyebrow. "A device? What kind?" She asked.  
 Coach Hampton waved his hand. "Oh just a vibration device. Porn shop toy
  really, but with a remote." He held up the small control box. "Flick of the
  switch." He moved his thumb and Tami gasped, her legs closing as a loud buzzing
  sound filled the room, obviously coming from Tami's crotch.  
 Mrs. Rutger watched as Tami fidgeted, the severe buzzing exciting her again.
  The girl's belly was rippling as she fought the waves of pleasure and Mrs.
  Rutger shook her head in disgust as it became apparent that Tami was trying
  desperately to keep from touching herself.  
 "No thanks, Mark. I'd rather her not be able to orgasm like that. Remember
  this is supposed to be punishment, not a poorly written porn story. Take it
  out of her." Mrs. Rutger said to Coach Hampton.  
 The coach frowned, obviously angered by Beth Rutger's comments, and he ordered
  Tami to spread her legs. His hands reached up, his finger's sliding through
  the girl's pink folds until they found the small black wire. He twined it twice
  around a finger, and then with a hard tug, yanked it painfully out of Tami's
  body.  
 Tami winced as the large vibrator exited, pushing against the bruised lips
  of her sex. It buzzed madly in Hampton's hand, as if some evil insect had gone
  insane. The coach held up the control box and thumbed the vibrator off, leaving
  the purple monstrosity dormant.  
 "Enjoy your class, Tami. I'm sure Mrs. Rutger will make it memorable." Coach
  Hampton said as he left the room.  
 Mrs. Rutger rolled her eyes. "Men." She sighed. "Well, lets get you prepped,
  Ms. Edwards. Please sit cross legged on the tarp." The teacher pointed to the
  center of the mat.  
 Tami stepped onto the blue plastic, listening to the heavy rustle it made
  as she walked across it. More and more of her classmates entered, everyone
  quickly taking a seat and watching as the nude girl displayed herself, sitting
  down with her legs crossed in the center of the tarp.  
 Mrs. Rutger had gone to her desk, but came back holding two small strands
  of twine, similar to the ones Mr. Mason had used on her after the assembly,
  and Tami shrunk away, fearful of another hour spent with her thumbs tied to
  her nipples. But Mrs. Rutger bent down and tied her right thumb to her left
  toe, and vice versa, until she sat immobilized, unable to move her limbs freely.  
 Tami realized she was tied just as Mr. Mason had described the Witch's Test;
  where each girl suspected of witchcraft had been bound just as she was, and
  then tossed into the pond or lake. Tami was glad no such body of water could
  be found on school property.  
 The bell rang again, signaling the beginning of class and Tami looked up
  to see the close faces of her classmates. She wasn't really friends with anyone
  in this class, much less her math or gym classes. Both Heather and Brad would
  be in her Economics class though, and she began to dread the final class of
  the day, knowing Brad would get to see more of her humiliation.  
 "Good afternoon, everyone. I'm sure you have all been looking forward to
  this class with great interest, with the possible exception of Ms. Edwards.
  As you have noticed, Ms. Edwards will be punished during this period for her
  conduct. I would like to remind all of you that her situation, while extreme,
  is purely appropriate for her actions and I would like you all to remember
  that the actions taken to discipline her can easily be inflicted on any of
  you."  
 Mrs. Rutger stepped forward, eyeing the class. "The faculty will no longer
  tolerate disobedience, rudeness, and outright disorderly conduct. Let Ms. Edwards
  serve as a reminder: follow the rules." The teacher stepped on to the mat,
  approaching the bound teen.  
 "Roll on to your back Ms. Edwards." Mrs. Rutger ordered, her arms crossed
  behind her back.  
 Tami looked up and saw the look on her teacher's face and decided that prompt
  obedience to any commands from Mrs. Rutger would be the wisest choice. She
  swallowed her embarrassment and rolled backward, raising her legs and displaying
  her swollen sex and the tiny button of her bottom to half the class.  
 Mrs. Rutger quickly grabbed an ankle with her left hand and brought her
  right hand forward. Tami heard an excited murmur from the class and tilted
  her body to see what Mrs. Rutger was holding.  
 A cone shaped black plug with a flat base extended from her hand. It was
  easily four inches tall, tapered at one end, looking for all intents and purposes
  like a smooth plastic Christmas tree. Tami's eyes widened as Mrs. Rutger placed
  the narrow top against the petals of her flower, gasping as the cruel teacher
  pushed the plug inward.  
 The plastic plug felt huge, much larger than the vibrating egg of Coach
  Hampton's, and Tami couldn't help trying to close her legs. Mrs. Rutger forced
  the plug inward, ramming it deep and twisting it round, until Tami felt stuffed.
  Then Rutger yanked it out with a loud sucking sound, eliciting a feeble cry
  from the bound girl.  
 Mrs. Rutger positioned the juice coated plug at the entrance of Tami's bottom.
  She began to push it in, slowly, as Tami cried out, tightening herself up.  
 "You better open up, girl. Or I'm going to use a hammer to get this thing
  in." Rutger said nastily. Tami whimpered, but forced herself to relax. Rutger
  pushed the plug in another inch or so and Tami felt as if her bottom was being
  ripped open. Another pause, then another inch and Tami cried out, her voice
  opening up like her bottom. There was a sharp ripping pain, and then a sudden
  rush as the plug seated itself.  
 "There we go. Up you go, Ms. Edwards." Mrs. Rutger said, pulling on Tami's
  foot, helping the girl to right herself.  
 Tami sat up, feeling the plug shift inside her as she reapplied pressure
  to her bottom. The plug was uncomfortable and large, pressing against Tami's
  body in ways she had never before experienced. It would obviously be in her
  for the entire period, so she tried to shift her weight from one buttock to
  the other, alleviating the direct pressure on the plug.  
 Mrs. Rutger stepped back of the mat surveying her handiwork as Tami rolled,
  trying to keep the plug from directly pressing into her bottom. It was an enjoyable
  sight, the fidgeting, shifting girl. Mrs. Rutger smiled and went to her desk,
  reaching into the crock pot and pulling out a large cylindrical jar filled
  with a red fluid.  
 The class watched as Mrs. Rutger approached Tami again, this time standing
  a bit away from the girl and raised the jar high. Mrs. Rutger tipped the jar
  just as Tami looked up and a smooth flow of crimson poured from the glass.
  Tami cried out as it hit her shoulder, flowing over her arm and chest, even
  down her back. She squirmed out of the way, falling over, but the flow continued,
  this time hitting her left breast and stomach directly, coating the pale skin
  with scarlet.  
 The delicious smell of roses filled the room and the class watched as the
  fluid began to harden. Tami's small whimpers followed the scent of roses and
  they watched as the liquid paraffin congealed, smoothly coating Tami's body
  in red wax. Tami lay on her side, gasping, obviously suffering from the hot
  bathing she had just received. Mrs. Rutger smiled, then tipped the jar again,
  pouring a red hot path over Tami's hip, down her leg, and directly on to the
  wide spread flower of the girl's sex.  
 Tami jerked away, but it was too late, crimson streams coating each individual
  petal. Her voice bleated pain and discomfort as the obvious heat of the melted
  paraffin suffused her skin, penetrating deep. Mrs. Rutger watched as the still
  hot trickles flowed off the girl's body and on to the plastic tarp, dripping
  a nonsense pattern.  
 Mrs. Rutger moved around to Tami's other side as the girl cried, her hot
  tears streaming down her cheek. Mrs. Rutger raised the jar again, letting Tami
  see it. Tami rolled back to the left, trying to get out from under the hot
  wax, but only exposing the still bare breast and right side of her body to
  the plunging fluid. Tami screamed, a full throated cry that filled the room
  as Mrs. Rutger poured copious amounts onto her alabaster skin.  
 Mrs. Rutger raised the almost empty jar, smiling cruelly as Tami cried,
  her torso almost completely covered. Hot wax had run down the folds of the
  girl's sex and even covered the flat black plastic base of the plug. Wherever
  one could still see bare skin, it bore a harsh pink color, heated from the
  wax.  
 Mrs. Rutger quickly upended the glass jar a third time, letting the remnants
  of the paraffin fall upon Tami's unsuspecting feet. Tami's toes curled tightly
  as the heat scorched her soles, then traveled upward over her calves. Tami's
  heels thumped the floor and she rolled upward and backward, once more exposing
  her bottom as she tried to get away from the wax. Mrs. Rutger quickly shifted
  the jar and let the last few drops splatter on the upturned bottom.  
 Tami rolled back forward as Mrs. Rutger stepped off the mat, walking back
  to her desk. She placed the jar on the desk and leaned against the solid wood,
  crossing her arms as she watched Tami. The whole class stared as Tami moaned,
  twisting on the mat, trying some way to relieve her body's pains.  
 After a few minutes, the wax had cooled to the point that it began flaking,
  cracks running through the hardened paraffin. Mrs. Rutger approached again
  and then chose two boys from the class at random.  
 "All right you two. I want you to scrape that crap off her body. Get as
  much as you can. Just make sure her breasts and sex are bare again." Ordered
  Mrs. Rutger.  
 Tami opened her eyes and watched as the two boys approached her. She felt
  their hands grasp and begin peeling her second skin with pleasure. She gasped
  as their fingers scraped along the sides of her breasts, pulling the paraffin
  off with great sweeps. She felt an odd tingling and tug as one of the boys
  managed to remove the wax over her sex in a single piece, holding out the mold
  of her petals to Mrs. Rutger like some sort of trophy.  
 Mrs. Rutger laughed as she took the mold. "Perhaps we should place this
  on a cool shelf! It would be a nice reminder. We can even label it: Tami Edward's
  Vagina. How appropriate. Maybe it should go in the school's trophy case." She
  bent forward and looked into Tami's eyes. "Would you like that, Ms. Edwards?"  
 Tami shook her head, her eyes half closing. All she could think of was how
  embarrassing such a trophy would be.  
 Mrs. Rutger laughed again and set the wax mold on her desk next to the empty
  jar. Once more she reached into the crock pot, this time pulling a dark blue
  colored wax from its depths.  
 Tami tried to scoot away as Rutger approached, but the bindings on her toes
  and thumbs held her on the mat and Mrs. Rutger correctly anticipated the girl's
  twist, spilling the hot azure liquid directly on the recently pink and exposed
  nipples. It almost appeared as if Tami had donned a blue bra, stretching tightly
  across her chest, but completely covering her breasts. Tami cried out again,
  curling up as tight as possible and Mrs. Rutger began pouring the wax on her
  back, covering the previously bare skin with a blue sheen.  
 Tami twisted, rolling over and over trying to get away. Blue paraffin splattered
  and pooled on the mat, smearing over the girl's body in odd ways as she coiled.
  An odd rainbow swirl appeared and Tami eventually stopped moving, her breaths
  coming in exhausted gasps.  
 Mrs. Rutger had been waiting for that and with no hesitation, upended the
  entire jar right onto Tami's still pink sex. Tami yanked hard on her legs,
  trying to pull them into her body to protect herself, but the hot wax coated
  and singed her sore bruised petals in waves of crushing heat. It was worse
  than the hot water. It was worse than the ice.  
 Tami lay in a quivering heap, her body twitching. Her forehead was covered
  in perspiration, her hair matted with bits of wax. Her entire body was covered,
  from the next down, almost completely, and her cries waned until they were
  nothing more than pitiful little mewls coming from a tortured kitten.  
 Mrs. Rutger returned to her desk, depositing the jar and opening a drawer.
  From its depths she removed two table knives, silvery cutlery that could cut
  butter, but little else. She took the two knives and gave them to two separate
  girls, ordering them to clean the wax off Tami, paying special attention to
  the bound girl's private parts.  
 Mrs. Rutger returned to her chair as the two girls move in on Tami. Carefully
  they began to cut and peel the hardened wax from Tami. The underlying skin
  seemed hot and dry, bright red to the eye, and everyone in the room began to
  wonder just how bad the wax had been. Tami didn't react as the girls peeled
  the wax from her breasts, or even her sex, laying on the tarp like a zombie.  
 The knives flashed, but still bits and pieces remained caked to her skin.
  Mrs. Rutger got up and came over, examining Tami closely.  
 "We might have overdone her a bit." Rutger announced grumpily. She stood
  up.  
 "Michael and John, please pick her up and carry her outside. There is a
  hose just to the right of the emergency exit door at the end of the hall. Once
  you get her out there, leave her tied up, but hose her down until her skin
  isn't pink. Understand?" Mrs. Rutger ordered.  
 "Yes ma'am." Michael replied, standing up. He and John walked onto the mat,
  bending at the knees to pick up the bound girl. John wrapped his arms under
  Tami's, running his fingers across the teen girl's breasts. Michael picked
  her up by the legs and together they carried her out of the room. Mrs. Rutger
  watched them from the door until they opened the emergency exit and moved through
  it, letting the heavy door close behind them.  
 The boys gently set Tami down in the grass by the sidewalk and stepped back.
  Her skin was still flushed and John took the hose and turned the spigot, rewarding
  himself with a spray of water which he quickly directed at Tami. The cold stream
  struck her and for a second, both boys could swear that steam rose from her
  skin. But the she shivered, trembled, and roused.  
 Tami squealed and tried to curl up, finding it difficult. John moved closer
  with the hose, spraying her directly on the breasts, pushing his thumb into
  the stream to direct a sharp stinging spray at her.  
 "Oh please! Please! Stop it! No more! Please! I'll do anything!" Tami begged.  
 Michael laughed. "Anything?"  
 "Oh yes anything, just no more water please!" Tami begged, her voice full
  of desperation.  
 Michael smiled. "Turn the water off, John."  
 John frowned. "Dude, you know what Rut face said."  
 "Ah the hell with her. She can't leave her room. You know that. This won't
  take nothing but a minute. After that performance I'm hard as a stone!"  
 John thought it over for just a second before shrugging. "Me too."  
 Michael reached out Tami and rolled her on her back. "You just stay quiet
  little Tami. This won't hurt a bit."  
 Tami watched as Michael unbuttoned his pants, flinging down his zipper and
  pulling his thick rod out of a pair of army camouflage boxers. It was hard
  and slightly red, but no bigger than any other that Tami had seen. He moved
  up close to her and she felt the tip at the swollen portal of her body.  
 She felt a new burst of fluid between her legs and she knew that he would
  have no trouble penetrating her as she felt the first few inches sink in. The
  solid mass slipped deeper and she moaned with the first real pleasure of the
  day. Michael pulled out a bit, but then thrust forward, driving his shaft upward
  into her well. When his loins connected hers, Tami felt an odd pain, her bruised
  loins echoing their earlier abuse. The pain coupled with the pleasure and she
  felt a sudden rush, a wave of intense bliss, which streamed upward through
  her body, filling her breasts and then head with a giddy rush.  
 Michael grunted and she felt his rod harden, stiffen, and the go immobile.
  A sudden trembling inside her announced his orgasm and she felt a sudden burst
  of wetness as he flooded her with his cream. He panted for a moment, lying
  across her still bound legs, letting strength return to his arms, then pulled
  his limp member from her body, stood up and rezipped his jeans.  
 John had already moved forward though, his hard cock already in his hand.
  He dropped to his knees, assuming the same position Michael had taken, pushing
  his cock into the sodden hole between Tami's legs. He slid in quickly and Tami
  winced slightly, once more feeling the bruises on the lips of her sex. John
  wasn't quiet as long as Michael, but his cock had a pronounced curve and she
  felt the tip impacting in a different spot. Once more the pain from her body
  mingled with the pleasure and it acted like an enhancer, bringing her forward
  into a gasping, sighing, tensing mass of flesh that clenched tightly around
  John's rod in frenzy.  
 John gritted his teeth, plunging over and over in to the wet flesh in front
  of him and he smiled as Tami opened her mouth, a wavering cry blossoming as
  the incredible orgasm hit her. He gritted his teeth, determined to hold off
  just a little longer, but suddenly the walls of her flower trembled, squeezing
  and fluttering along his length and he knew he could no longer contain his
  need. All time seemed to stop as he thrust in deeply, holding himself there,
  his cock throbbing as it ejaculated its contents deep with in her.  
 They lay unmoving, a delicious laziness that comes after orgasm, and enjoyed
  the slow relaxation of John's pole. Michael tapped him on the shoulder, a serious
  look in his eye and John pulled himself out, shaking the excess fluids of his
  member before tucking it back into his pants.  
 "Damn. We should have worn condoms, John." Michael said, a sudden worried
  look on his face.  
 John's eyes widened. "You think she might&hellip;" he left the question
  hanging.  
 Michael bit his lip, and then smiled. "I got an idea. We could wash her
  out. You know, clean all out stuff out of her. That we she can't get pregnant."  
 John's eyebrow rose. "You think that would work?" he asked, a little unsure
  of the idea.  
 "Hell yeah!" Michael said, bending down and picking up the hose. He stooped
  between her legs and began pushing the hose into her sex.  
 Tami squealed, the cold metal tip hurting a bit as it wound into her. She
  wiggled her hips, trying to keep it from scraping along her insides, but Michael
  kept pushing it deeper until it hit the very pits of her well.  
 "Turn it on, John, full blast, okay?"  
 John nodded and cranked the spigot sharply. Tami screamed with a sudden
  fury and Michael looked at her quizzically. Suddenly a spray of water spurted
  out of her, catching Michael directly in the face and soaking his clothes.
  He held his hands out falling backward as he tried to get away from the fountaining
  burst. John started laughing, but Tami started yelling.  
 "Turn it off! Turn it off!" she screamed. Flooding water poured out of her
  body and John began turning the water off. Just as it ebbed, the emergency
  door slammed open and Mrs. Rutger glared down at the two boys.  
 "What the hell are you doing?" She demanded.  
 Michael turned toward her, his face and shirt still dripping. "Uh, we just
  were cooling her down like you said, Mrs. Rutger." He wiped one hand down his
  cheek, wiping the water away.  
 "I said her skin! Not her guts! You can't do that to a girl! Get that thing
  out of her!" Mrs. Rutger said, her voice dangerously angry.  
 Michael stepped forward and removed the hose. Mrs. Rutger's face turned
  red as she saw the amount that had been pushed into Tami. "Idiots." She pulled
  a pair of scissors from her pocket and threw them down by the hose. "Cut those
  strings and help her back to the classroom. Now."  
 Michael picked up the cutting tool and quickly snipped the strings holding
  Tami's thumbs to her toes. Carefully, he helped her stretch out her limbs,
  then picked her up, setting her upright. She leaned on him, letting him take
  a good portion of her weight as she gingerly tested her tired and sore muscles.  
 John wrapped up the hose as Michael and Tami reentered the building, following
  Mrs. Rutger back to the classroom. Mrs. Rutger pointed toward an empty student
  desk and seat and Michael gently lowered Tami down, flinching ever so slightly
  when she winced, her bottom still filled.  
 "Oh damn. I forgot. She still has that plug in. Oh well. We'll get it before
  she goes to Economics." Mrs. Rutger said outloud.  
 The last fifteen minutes of the class involved various students rolling
  up the tarp and throwing it away, as well as the rearrangement of the desks.
  Through it all Tami sat in her chair, her body recovering.  
 When the bell rang both Michael and John gave her a little wave as they
  left. Tami ignored the rest of the students, until only Mrs. Rutger was left.  
 "All right, Ms. Edwards. We'll stop by the ladies restroom to get that thing
  out. Then I will take you to Economics."  
 Tami slowly rose from her desk and followed Mrs. Rutger into the hall. A
  group had gathered outside the classroom, watching with rapt attention as Tami
  slowly moved down the hall. At one point Mrs. Rutger pushed her into the ladies
  restroom, stopping her in front of the sinks and mirrors and told her bend
  over.  
 "Hold on to the sink, Ms. Edwards." Mrs. Rutger said, moving toward Tami's
  ass.  
 Tami looked up in the mirror and watched as Mrs. Rutger began peeling the
  base of the plug away from her skin. It hurt as the widest part of the plug
  tried to clear the tight hole and Tami grimaced. She looked across at the other
  girls and her heart stopped in a sudden panic as she saw Heather, leaning against
  one of the stall doors, her hand to her mouth, her eyes filled with pity.  
 The plug popped out and Tami gasped, feeling suddenly empty. Mrs. Rutger
  reached forward and dropped it in the sink.  
 "Wash it, please, Ms. Edwards."  
 Tami looked down at the black plastic and immediately turned the tap on.
  A spurt of warm soapy water filled the sink and Tami ran her hands over the
  plug, cleaning it thoroughly. Finally it glistened and she turned the water
  off, handing it to Ms. Edwards.  
 "Let's go, Ms. Edwards. One more class to endure."  
Chapter Eight: The Economics of Pain   
 They arrived at Tami's economics class with no further incidents right as
  the bell rang. Mrs. Rutger didn't even speak to Mr. Styne as she pushed Tami
  into the room, instead hurrying back to her own classroom. Tami looked at Mr.
  Styne submissively, wondering just what her economics teacher had in store
  for her.  
 "Well now. It's finally my turn to demonstrate the physical punishments
  for disobedience. I had wondered if there would be anything left. Obviously
  my fellow educators are more lenient than I thought." His gray wavy hair wiggled
  obscenely as he grinned.  
 Mr. Styne opened his desk drawer as Tami stood at the front of the classroom,
  her eyes quickly seeking out Heather and Brad, both who kept staring at her
  from the back row. Together, all three watched as Mr. Styne pulled out two
  sets of leather cuffs, thick ones, with silver loops embedded in the leather.
  He picked them up and looked out at the class.  
 "Ms. Rowe! I know you are close friends with Ms. Edwards. Please come to
  the front of the class and place these on your friend, tightly." He held up
  the cuffs. Heather's eyes widened and she shook her head.  
 "Oh please, Mr. Styne, I don't want to be involved." Heather said quickly,
  glancing at Tami.  
 Styne smiled. "Ms. Rowe, I'm not going to ask you again." Mr. Styne said,
  his voice taking a hard edge.  
 "I-I-I just can't!" Heather gasped, her face going bright red.  
 Styne frowned, but then smiled again, holding the cuffs out to one of the
  boys on the front row. "Mr. Parish, please put these on Ms. Edwards."  
 Chet Parish quickly got up, a grin across his face. He took the leather
  cuffs and went to Tami's side. Tami helped by raising her arms and Chet took
  only a moment to buckle the thick padded leather around each wrist. He knelt
  at her feet as he buckled the ankle cuffs on, taking the liberty of running
  his hand up and down her leg.  
 "Thank you Mr. Parish." Mr. Styne said. He stood up and took hold of Tami's
  arm, pulling her in front of his unusually empty desk. He reached back into
  the drawer and pulled out a thick leather collar, studded and ringed. With
  a few deft movements he placed it around Tami's neck. Another length of leather
  appeared and the class watched as he placed it around her waist, its ringed
  and studded length matching the other accessories she wore.  
 "Nice belt, Tam&hellip;" someone muttered, causing Mr. Styne to raise his
  head and glare out at the class. "None of that!" He said loudly. There was
  a responding titter of laughter and he yanked the belt tight, buckling it behind
  Tami at the base of her spine.  
 "Mr. Parish? I have another job for you." Styne said, pulling three long
  pieces of rope from his bag. "The two red ones should be hung from the hooks
  in the corners of the room, and this yellow one should go to the hook right
  there under the clock. Do you understand? Bring the loose ends back to the
  desk." He handed all three lines to Chet, who quickly moved to the back corner
  of the room, stood on a chair, and hung the rope from the new installed hook.  
 As the class watched Chet Parish follow his instructions, Mr. Styne removed
  a fourth rope from his drawer. One end had been knotted into a small loop,
  and Mr. Styne bent down behind the desk, snagging it on the fourth hook he
  had installed that morning. When he stood upright, Chet Parish stood in front
  of Tami holding all three ropes. It was fairly apparent that Styne had cut
  and measured them exactly, as all three, even the ones radiating from the back
  corners of the room, all met almost exactly at the desk.  
 "Excellent, Mr. Parish. Please just hold them for me for a moment." Styne
  leaned forward and grinned at Tami. "Up on the desk, facing the class, Ms.
  Edwards."  
 Tami swallowed hard and lifted herself up onto the huge desk. Its smooth
  surface felt just the same as the tables she had found herself upon during
  the day, but sturdier, and she felt a sense of relief that the desk was so
  solid. Mr. Styne nodded and held out a hand to Chet Parish.  
 "The yellow one, Mr. Parish." Styne said.  
 Chet Parish handed the yellow line that stretched from the center of the
  back wall to Mr. Styne. The economics teacher ran it through the large D shaped
  ring on the front of Tami's collar, pulling the cord through it. With an odd
  dexterity, he quickly tied a taut line knot in the rope, leaving it slack.  
 Tami wondered what the sick old bastard had in mind as she watched herself
  being tethered to the back wall. Her bottom ached, and the desk was cool to

  the touch. Mr Styne raised his hands to her hips and pushed her backward, drawing
  in a lot of the loose rope.  
 "In the center of the desk, Ms. Edwards." He said as he pushed.  
 Tami scooted back, drawing her legs up as the backs of her knees came up
  over the edge. Her legs stuck out like sticks and she bent in half as the yellow
  rope kept her upright. Mr. Styne placed his hand on her shoulder and ran it
  downward over her arm to the cuffed wrist. He fished in his pocket for a moment
  and pulled out key ring that had two metal spring clips similar to the kind
  found on queue ropes. With a quick snap, he clipped her wrist to her ankle,
  bending her sharply forward. He ducked under the yellow line and removed another
  clip set from his pocket, latching her right ankle and wrist together. Tami
  was immobile, her legs bent at the knees, her wrists connected to her ankles.
  She sat almost cross legged as Mr. Styne finished binding her wrists to ankles.  
 Mr. Styne reached out to Chet Parish again. "The back right corner rope,
  Mr. Parish." Mr. Styne said. Parish selected the correct rope and handed the
  loose end to Mr. Styne. The teacher ran it through the silver ring between
  the two clips, tying it in another taut line knot like the yellow rope. He
  left it loose, obviously wanting to get Tami completely secured before tightening
  the lines.  
 Parish didn't need to be told, handing the last rope to Styne as he moved
  to Tami's left side. It took only a moment to tie the knot and Styne moved
  behind Tami, tying the final rope to a ring on the back of the leather belt.  
 "Mr. Parish, I will need your assistance one more time. The knot on the
  right side is called taut line hitch. It's used to tighten tent lines around
  stakes. Merely place your fingers on this section of the rope, and then push
  the knot toward the back wall please. Go slowly." Styne picked up the left
  side rope and began to take up the slack in the line.  
 Tami watched as the ropes shortened and she tried to spread her legs before
  the lines forced her apart. She cried out as she felt her balance begin to
  fail, tilting backward as her legs were spread wide apart and drawn upwards,
  but the yellow rope at her throat suddenly caught her, keeping her upright.
  She tried to scoot forward, to relieve the tension, but the rope connected
  to her belt kept her from moving. Tears flooded to her eyes as her sex gaped
  wide for the class.  
 Both Styne and Parish continued to tighten the lines until Tami was forced
  to point her toes to relieve the pressure. Her thighs ached more than even
  the remembered kneeling torture Dr. Cook had inflicted on her. She began to
  wonder which would rip first, her legs, or the ropes?  
 "Uncomfortable, Ms. Edwards?" Mr. Styne asked, stepping back to admire his
  handiwork.  
 Tami nodded, her voice soft and pliant. "Yes Mr. Styne." She said.  
 Styne smiled, an evil delight crossing his face. He nodded and walked around
  to the back of the desk, reaching into the drawer one more time. Tami tried
  to see what he had removed, but couldn't see that far back. Instead she looked
  at the faces of the students in front of her. She could see Brad, sitting far
  forward in his seat, a look of excitement and delight at her suffering all
  over his face. Heather had buried her face in her hands, peeking out between
  fingers, her eyes red from crying.  
 "Ms. Edwards, I hope you appreciate my hard work." Styne said, coming out
  from behind the desk, his hands full. "When the principal discussed with me
  your punishments, I decided that some true humiliating agony would be perfect
  for your last class period." He held up the object for Tami to see in detail.  
 "This cute little thing is nothing more than a thick stick of wood which
  I have wrapped in a very special piece of leather. This leather is exactly
  six tenths of a centimeter in width." He smiled. "I had to have the leather
  place scrape it four times to get it that thickness." He chuckled and then
  continued, bringing it closer to her face so she could see it in detail.  
 "After I got the leather, I spent a considerable amount of time drawing
  a tiny grid on the underside. After my artistic endeavors, I spent almost four
  hours pounding tacks into each square of the grid." He held up the stick.  
 "As you can see, each tack sticks out of the leather by one tenth of a centimeter." He
  wrapped his hand around the stick, suddenly squeezing it until his fingers
  turned white. He held it there for a moment, then released it, holding up his
  hand.  
 The skin was red and inflamed, with little tiny indentations evenly spaced,
  but there was no blood. No where had the tiny spikes penetrated his skin. Tami's
  eyes widened as she realized where the stick would so be placed and she began
  to stammer, begging him to leave her alone.  
 Styne frowned and pulled returned to the desk drawer. "I had hoped this
  would not be necessary, but obviously it is." He reached up to her face and
  forced a red rubber ball gag into her mouth, buckling it tightly behind her
  head. She tried to dislodge it, screaming into the gag, but the only sound
  that came out was a muted whine.  
 Styne wrapped his right arm around her waist, still standing behind her,
  and picked her up off the desk. Her body shook, but she was unable to move
  more than an inch as the teacher took the stick and placed its foot long length
  along the crevasse of her loins. The stick ran from her bottom to well beyond
  her sex, and he twisted it once right and left, to make sure it peeled back
  the petals of her flower, seating deeply into the pink and swollen gash that
  was so prominently displayed.  
 Tami's eyes widened in shock as he lowered her back down to the desk. The
  tiny pricks she felt between her legs centered almost completely on the sensitive
  pad of skin between her sex and anus, digging in to her with terrible ferocity.
  To make matters worse, the stick was any thicker than a few inches, causing
  all of her weight to be taken between her legs, rather than the fleshy pads
  of her bottom.  
 Her body was tilted in a rather odd curve; her legs held straight out, her
  back curved forward as her neck was pulled toward her knees. He pelvis was
  tilted backward, placing more of the pin pricks torturing Tami in the crack
  of her ass, rather than the moist and delicate petals of her slit. To Tami,
  it didn't matter, since the stick still managed to penetrate the very lower
  parts of her sex, sharply pricking the skin around her dark opening.  
 Tami groaned, her body trembling from the severe strains placed upon it.
  She felt cramps beginning in her legs and arms, but it was the painful stick
  she was sitting on that caused the worst agony. Tears poured down her face,
  her mouth aching from the ball gag, and she looked up at the clock, almost
  breaking down as she realized that class wouldn't end for another forty minutes.  
 Mr. Styne watched with his arms crossed for a few minutes as the tight bondage
  began to hurt. The look of cruel enchantment on his face would have brought
  Tami to tears, if she hadn't already been there. He grinned, his eyes flashing,
  and then turned toward the class.  
 "Ms. Rowe. Come here now!" He said, his voice hard.  
 Heather glanced up in shock and surprise, her mouth forming a soundless
  exclamation.  
 "I said now Ms. Rowe. Not when you feel it is convenient." Styne said crossly,
  tapping his foot.  
 Heather stood up, the unhappy look plainly written on her face. Her tan
  colored shorts seemed so much darker than her pale face, and the light blue
  tank top she wore seemed so incongruous. She stumbled her way forward until
  she was standing near Tami's right foot, hesitant to move any father, her eyes
  constantly taking in Tami's suffering.  
 "Duck under that rope and stand in front of Ms. Edwards immediately." He
  ordered, moving around behind the desk.  
 Heather hesitantly ducked under the first rope, seeing the white insoles
  of Tami's feet trembling. Heather wished there was some way to help her friend,
  but she could think of nothing to do, short of offering to replace her, something
  Heather knew she could never endure.  
 "I think, Ms. Rowe, that Ms. Edwards is in some discomfort. Why don't you
  wrap your arms around her and give her a quick hug?" Styne said, looking over
  Tami shoulders into Heather's eyes.  
 "I-I-I don't want to, sir." Heather stuttered, her breaths coming in quick
  intakes.  
 Styne face curled inward. "I don't care if you want to or not. Wrap your
  arms around her waist and give her a hug!" He snarled.  
 Heather began crying, large watery drops streaming down her cheeks. Tami
  seemed not to notice, still too intent on the pain between her legs as well
  as the stretching tension elsewhere.  
 Heather bent over, moving her arms around Tami, trying to keep any amount
  of pressure off the bound girls body. Tami wiggled as Heather's arms touched
  her. Heather's hands closed tightly together behind Tami and she gave the bound
  teen a quick squeeze.  
 Styne was ready, his hand holding the metal cuffs at the small of Tami's
  back. With a quick snap he locked the first one on Heather's right wrist, and
  even managed to hold on and snag the left as she tried to pull back. Styne
  tugged as Heather screamed and pulled back, but this only pushed against Tami,
  driving her forward and down, ramming her body even deeper on the stick. Tami
  began squealing, her voice sounding warped and far away through the gag.  
 Styne stood up, breathing a deep sigh of satisfaction. Heather's sobbing
  tears filled the room, as Tami's closest friend dealt with the handcuffs binding
  her between Tami's outstretched legs. Heather slumped, but still aware enough
  to try to keep the weight of her arms off Tami.  
 Styne reached into the drawer again. "I didn't think I would have a chance
  to use this, but I'm so glad I brought it anyway." He lifted up an odd gag.
  One side was an oblong plate that fit in the mouth, the other a huge ten inch
  dildo, ribbed, and hard. He took hold of Heather's hair and tilted her face
  upward. "Open up, Ms. Rowe." He ordered.  
 Heather resisted and Mr. Styne raised his hand, bringing it down hard on
  Heather's bottom. Despite the shorts and panties she wore, it stung, bringing
  a sharp gasp to her face. Her mouth opened involuntarily and Styne pushed the
  gag in, forcing the plate to hold down her tongue. A few quick snaps and the
  straps were in place.  
 Tami watched through a pain filled haze as Mr. Styne adjusted the dildo
  gag. It was obvious what would happen next as he pushed Heather's head forward,
  planting the tip of huge dildo into Tami's gaping sex. Heather resisted, pulling
  back, but Tami groaned loudly as the stick was pressed deeper into her.  
 Styne again returned behind the desk and Tami felt his fingers at her belt.
  Suddenly she felt the rope holding her belt release and she tried to lift herself
  off the stick. Tami felt the biting pressure ease as she rocked to the side.  
 Suddenly Heather squealed through the gag and Tami felt the tip of the dildo
  push against her sex. It bounced against one of the bruised petals until Heather
  moved her head. Tami gasped as the ten inch cock buried itself almost to Heather's
  nose and then the weight of Heather's arms and upper body bore down on Tami's
  thighs.  
 Styne chuckled as he finished tying the rope to Heather's handcuffs, using
  the girl as the necessary restraint to keep Tami in place. He walked around
  the desk, enjoying the sight. He glanced at his other students, shocked and
  stunned looks on their faces. A few of the boys had even exposed their own
  sex organs, and were quietly rubbing themselves under their desks. Styne decided
  to ignore their activities, still intent on punishing Ms. Rowe for her disobedience
  earlier.  
 He reached under her waist and began plucking at her belt. Heather wailed,
  moving her body back and forth until she realized that she was hurting Tami
  badly. Tami began grunting as Heather's head moved back and forth, driving
  the dildo like a piston. Styne finished unbuckling the belt and began yanking
  it out of Heather's shorts.  
 The thick pink belt had grommets at even intervals across the entire length
  and Styne dropped it down on the desk. His fingers once more returned to Heather's
  waist and he quickly undid her button, pulling the zipper downward. With a
  sharp tug, he pulled the waistband of the shorts downward, pushing the cotton
  cloth to Heather's ankles. Her cotton panties clung to her bottom like a second
  skin, waving in front of the class like a white flag of surrender.  
 Styne lost no time pushing his fingers under the elastic and dropping the
  panties to Heather's ankles. Her buttocks were firm, with tan lines running
  across each cheek in a delicate pattern. The small puckered opening of her
  bottom winked at the class as she tensed and tightened her muscles, trying
  desperately not to tug at Tami's waist.  
 Styne smiled and picked up Heather's belt, folding it once. He examined
  it for a moment before he swung it sharply down toward Heather's seat, a loud
  crack filling the room followed by the dual muted cries of both girls. Fresh
  tears burst from Heather as she recoiled from the blow. The strike had driven
  her forward, ramming the ten inch dildo into Tami with a sudden and cruel force,
  compacted with the intensified pressure of Heather's weight. Wracking sobs
  tried to escape from Tami's gag, but only created spasms that forced her body
  to shudder in its captivity.  
 Heather pulled back immediately, bringing the penetration depth of the gag
  dildo to a few inches, but she knew that another blow could very well drive
  her forward again. She heard a swish and she tensed, trying frantically to
  hold still.  
 The impact still moved her forward into Tami, but this time Heather was
  able to hold back slightly. Tami bucked forward as the dildo drove deep and
  Heather pulled back quickly, trying to save Tami from more pain.  
 Another swish came and Heather bit down on the gag, this time keeping herself
  immobile. Fiery heat flared upward from her bottom, spreading outward and up
  her torso. Another sharp sting eclipsed the heat and Heather couldn't help
  jerking, rewarding Tami with another deep drive of the plastic cock.  
 Styne's blows began to quicken as the class watched Heather's ass go from
  a light brown to dark red. The belt, with its evenly spaced holes seemed to
  whistle and smack more cruelly than the principals cane that morning, bring
  dark red stripes to Heather's posterior. With each successive blow, it became
  harder to hold back and Heather finally succumbed, her body lunging forward
  as each painful strapping came thudding hard into her bottom.  
 Tami began convulsing with each blow as the dildo gag rammed her repeatedly.
  A puddle of juices had poured out of her, soaking one end of the stick and
  flowing down the desk to soak up in Heather's shirt. Again and again the belt
  struck, impacting harshly on Heather's flesh.  
 Mr. Styne stopped. His face was spotted with sweat and he felt odd stirrings
  inside his body. He dropped the belt on the desk, his fingers straying to his
  cock, adjusting it inside his slacks. He removed the keys to the handcuffs
  from the drawer and with deliberate movements, unlocked Heather's wrists.  
 "Take off the gag and get dressed, Ms. Rowe. When you are finished you can
  untie Ms. Edwards here. It's about ten minutes till final bell. I'll return
  in a moment." Styne smiled and quickly left the room.  
 Heather straightened up and reached to the back of her head. Her fingers
  fumbled on the buckles, frustrating her as her bottom continued to throb. Tami's
  held lolled, her body slumped in its bindings. Heather's fingers slipped again
  and she hit the desk hard with her fist in frustration.  
 "Whoa&hellip;hold on, Heather, I'll get it." Brad's strong voice came from
  her left ear. Heather felt fingers at the back of her head and suddenly the
  gag came loose.  
 "Oh thank you, Brad! Please let's get Tami loose!" Heather cried, reaching
  for her panties and shorts, pulling them up and ignoring the sore sting from
  her posterior.  
 Brad nodded, wrapping his arms around Tami and lifting her entire body up.
  The stick remained stuck to her skin and Heather reached forward, yanking it
  straight down. Tami moaned slightly and Heather caught a glimpse of tenderized
  skin, marked with deep indentations and dark purple bruises.  
 Brad lowered her back down and immediately unsnapped the clips, letting
  the ropes drop to the floor like fallen streamers. Tami's legs merely fell
  and her body relaxed as Heather took care of the other leg. Heather began unsnapping
  the ball gag as Brad released the yellow line at Tami's neck, catching her
  as she fell backward, no strength left to maintain her balance.  
 "Oh god! Oh Tami!" Heather said, cupping Tami face, tears splashing downward.
  Tami opened her eyes, looking up into Heather's face. "Is it over?" she asked,
  her voice a frightened whisper.  
 "Oh Tami, I think so. Styne is in the bathroom jerking off. Can you move?" Heather
  asked.  
 Tami started to sit up and Brad and Heather helped her rise to a sitting
  position. Slowly she began testing her limbs, working out the kinks and cramps
  that had developed during her bondage. She tried to stand, but found her legs
  no longer had the strength. She clung to Brad as he eased her upward.  
 "What the devil?" a voice said from the doorway. Heather and Brad turned
  to see the principal looking in, seeing Tami's naked body clinging to the two
  students.  
 "Where is Mr. Styne? What happened? Why is Tami in this condition?" The
  principal demanded.  
 No one spoke as Tami leaned into Brad, wrapping her arms around him, sobbing
  into his shoulder. Heather kept a comforting hand on the girl's back, glaring
  at the principal.  
 There was a commotion in the hall and the principal turned as Mr. Styne
  moved back into the room. A large wet spot on the front of his trousers betrayed
  his activities.  
 "Mr. Styne, when we discussed Ms. Edward's punishment, I did not think you
  had intended a session of this severity." The principal's voice was cold.  
 "He whipped me!" Heather said suddenly, glowering at the economics teacher
  with loathing.  
 The principal turned toward Mr. Styne with surprise. "Is this true?"  
 Styne nodded, a serious look on his face. "Ms. Rowe deliberately disobeyed
  a direct order. I felt that a whipping on her bottom an adequate punishment
  for that infraction."  
 "And what about Ms. Edwards? You said you were going to tie her in an uncomfortable
  position." The principal said, gesturing toward Tami.  
 Mr Styne smiled. "I did. Her arms and legs were tied outward and she was
  forced to sit upon this." He strode to the desk and picked up spiked leather
  clad stick and handed it to the principal who took it, studying it deeply.  
 "You didn't bring blood did you?" The principal asked sharply.  
 Styne shook his head. "Examine her if you want. There was no bleeding. Just
  discomfort."  
 The principal looked at Tami, trying to see her loins, but her body clung
  to Brad tightly.  
 "Turn around Ms. Edwards and spread your legs. I want to verify that you
  weren't pierced."  
 Tami turned, a look of hatred in her eyes, as she exposed herself to the
  principal. Her sex was a vast reddish mess, bruised and crumpled flesh that
  bore the dark markings of the deep indentations, but there was no blood. The
  principal gazed on for a few moments then nodded.  
 "Well Mr. Styne, it would appear that no damage was done, so I commend you
  on your creativity. Hold on to that stick. No doubt we will have need of it
  again sometime." The principal turned toward Tami and smiled.  
 "I hope you have learned your lesson, young lady. I would hate to have to
  repeat this day again. Please remember that any further problems or issues
  from you will result in worse punishments than you've experienced. Let me assure
  you that we will not hesitate to inflict those punishments on you." He paused. "Now,
  if you will follow me, I believe Mrs. Rutger will be bringing your clothes
  to my office at the end of the period. Let's go."  
 Tami let go of Brad, her hands clutching her breasts as she stumbled forward.
  Her hand reached out to the wall, supporting herself as the principal stepped
  aside and let her exit. She turned to look sorrowfully at Heather and Brad,
  who stood stoically, wishing they could help her.  
 "So Tami, what was the worst punishment you endured today?" asked the principal
  as they slowly moved down the corridor. Tami looked up at him.  
 "Mr. Styne's sir." Tami said quietly, her voice soft.  
 "I have no doubt. And did you like any of them?" he asked, his voice tinged
  with curiosity.  
 Tami's face narrowed angrily. "No!"  
 The principal nodded, his smile stretching across his face. "Just wondering.
  They say many girls become sexually excited when whipped or waxed."  
 "It was all horrible." Tami repeated.  
 The principal stopped at the outside door to his office, taking his key
  and unlocking it. He held his arm out, motioning Tami into the room. She moved
  forward into the room, starting to make her way to one of the chairs when she
  felt the hand of the principal take her arm.  
 "Just one more thing, Ms. Edwards, to remind you to behave." The principal
  said. He pushed her forward against the desk, her thighs striking the side
  hard as her breasts dangled over the blotter. The principal placed his hand
  on her neck, forcing her down as his legs trapped her own, spreading them wide.  
 There was a zinging sound and she felt a rustle behind her. Then there was
  the hard cock of the principal resting in the crevasse of her ass. He pulled
  back as she squealed; crying, and then he forced the long adult cock deep into
  her sex. Tami screamed once, her sex a fiery burning as the principal rammed
  his rod deep, pounding her with fierce thrusts. Tami felt nothing but pain,
  despite the over lubrication of her well, and she gritted her teeth as the
  principal gasped.  
 He pulled out right before coming, pulling his member slightly higher and
  pushing against the tiny button of her bottom. Tami groaned, then loosened
  up as the huge living phallus entered her, driving deeply into her ass. She
  felt him stiffen and then begin shooting his cream into her, filling her to
  the brim with his seed.  
 He left her there on the desk, standing up, wiping his cock off with a handkerchief,
  her tears wetting the leather blotter. The stripes he had delivered to her
  that morning were almost completely gone, replaced by a healthy red glow from
  lower thigh to her waist. Streams of fluid poured down her thighs as she lay
  panting on the desk.  
 "I think that will be all, Ms. Edwards. Hopefully you have learned something
  valuable today." He bent down low to her hear, his voice soft and menacing. "But
  somehow, I think you will be back in this office before long&hellip;for something." He
  rose back up, buttoning his slacks.  
 "Mrs. Rutger will be here in a few minutes with your clothing and she will
  escort you to the bus." She heard his strong footsteps going to the office
  door, opening it with a loud click and then he was gone, leaving Tami alone,
  her face streaked with tears, in silence.  
 Another ten minutes passed before the office door clicked open. Tami had
  moved to one of the chairs, her body aching and sore. Her eyes flit quickly
  to the opening portal, some part of her frightened it might be the principal
  again. She relaxed slightly when she saw the grim countenance of Mrs. Rutger.
  In the teacher's arms was a sold paper bag, closed and stapled shut.  
 "All right Ms. Edwards, lets go. I've already spoken with your driver and
  he agreed that your humiliation will continue right up until the moment you
  exit the bus." Mrs. Rutger said, her voice filled with satisfaction.  
 "B-b-but Mrs. Rutger! Please no! I can't!" Tami said, her eyes flooding
  with renewed tears as she rose from the chair.  
 "No buts about it young lady. Let's go." Mrs. Rutger said, motioning to
  the door.  
 Tami slowly plodded over to the door, exiting the principal's office ahead
  of Mrs. Rutger. She turned into the main hall where the usual stampede of students
  was already streaming through the corridor. As they caught sight of her there
  was the usual ruckus, a great cheer rose through the students and they all
  pushed their way forward trying desperately to catch a glimpse of the naked
  sophomore.  
Chapter Nine: The Bus Ride   
 It took a few minutes to get to the bus circle, a large loading area at
  the back side of the school just off the lunch room building. Her bus was third
  in line and she ignored the great many cat calls and whistles and even a snide
  remark or two as she slowly moved across the sidewalk to her bus.  
 The steps of her bus were lined with a thick material meant to prevent slipping,
  but it felt uncomfortable on Tami's bare feet as she mounted the transport.
  The driver looked at her, a hungry look in his eye, and he grinned, his unshaven
  face bulging in rolls of fat. He wore a blue uniform shirt with a name patch
  that said "Bob". Tami grimaced and turned away.  
 "Well girl, take a seat right there in the first seat, so I can keep an
  eye on ya'." Bob grinned, his yellow teeth showing.  
 Tami nodded and sat down, feeling the green vinyl sticking against the skin
  of her bottom and back.  
 "Now, Mr. Davies, I appreciate you assisting us in dealing with this recalcitrant
  child. The rules we discussed earlier are very important. Please make sure
  she follows them." Mrs. Rutger turned toward Tami.  
 "Ms. Edwards, you will follow every direction Mr. Davies gives you, without
  hesitation. I assure you, that if we hear of your disobedience or disrespect,
  you will endure another day like this one, except with twice the amount of
  corporal punishment. Do I make myself clear?" Mrs. Rutger asked, her eyes blazing.  
 Tami nodded. "Yes Mrs. Rutger. I understand." Her voice was subdued and
  quiet.  
 Mrs. Rutger nodded satisfactorily. "I leave her in your hands, Mr. Davies.
  Have a safe drive." She waved slightly and exited the bus, moving aside as
  the last of the other passengers boarded.  
 Bob Davies turned in his seat to look at the naked teenager cowering in
  the front seat on the right side of the bus. Small blue bruises covered a good
  deal of her body. She saw his gaze and curled up, trying to cover herself as
  best she could. She turned around and saw the other students looking at her
  and she suddenly was glad that she rode one of the least filled busses. She
  closed her eyes. She could endure she told herself. Her stop was the third
  stop on the route.  
 Bob stood up and looked down at her, then called out to the kids. "We're
  going to do this a little different today. We're going to do the route backwards,
  so those of you who are used to getting off last will finally have a chance
  to get off first." He raised his hand and began pointing, one by one at the
  boys on the bus, counting off. He had to start over twice before he finished,
  muttering the word seven.  
 He turned to Tami and smiled, his grin nasty. "All right you little slut,
  since we have you available to the end of the route, you're going to provide
  a little entertainment." He pointed at one of the boys who was sitting midway
  down the aisle.  
 "That guy is normally the last one off, so I want you to go down, give him
  a bit of a lap dance, and rub those tits of yours all over his face. If he
  wants to touch you, you better let him."  
 Tami's eyes widened in shock. Her mouth gaped open and a look of anger and
  humiliation flashed over her. "Fuck you!" She said, without even thinking.  
 Bob's eyes flashed in anger and he reached down, grabbing her hair and yanking
  her forward. Her hands grabbed his wrists, trying to keep him from ripping
  her head off.  
 "Now listen here you little bitch. You will do what I say or I tell Rutger
  that you disobeyed and were disrespectful. Now get over there and rub that
  pussy over that kid's lap!" He picked her up and shoved her down the aisle.  
 The whole scene had caused the bus to go quiet. Tami stumbled down the aisle,
  her breasts swaying as she crossed her arms under them. As she passed some
  of her fellow students, she saw the girls turning away to look out the windows,
  while most of the boys all stared, varying looks of shock or excitement on
  their faces.  
 The boy who had been singled out was a freshman and the look of barely controlled
  fright was clear on his face. For a moment, Tami forgot her own humiliation
  and felt sorry for the kid, who was clearly unprepared for the turn of events.
  She gave him a little smile and his eyes widened even more.  
 "Um&hellip;you don't have to do this. I mean, I'm sorry&hellip;" the boy
  stammered.  
 "DO IT, BITCH." She heard Bob say, his eyes glued to her back.  
 Tami swallowed. Hesitantly, but then with conviction she put her left knee
  on the seat next to the boy and swung her leg over his lap. His eyes became
  glued to her breasts, flashing off them to the bright pink lips of her abused
  flower. Slowly, she lowered herself, rubbing her body on his crotch, feeling
  the obvious swell of his shaft rising. She leaned forward, cupping her breasts,
  pushing them around the boy's face, mashing them into his cheeks.  
 Then the bus started to move and Tami realized that Bob had returned to
  his seat. His eyes continuously glanced in the mirror, but Tami concentrated
  on the freshman beneath her. He was frozen, scared to move, scared it would
  end. Tami felt a little thrill and a sudden wetness and she realized that despite
  the humiliation, she was getting turned on.  
 She pushed her body downward and felt the denim covered bump grind into
  her wetness. She gritted her teeth as she felt it rub a few sore spots along
  her slit, but the freshman didn't notice, all his attention on the two full
  mounds of flesh that hugged his face. She pulled back a bit and pushed her
  left nipple into his mouth. For a moment he didn't know what to do, merely
  kissing the tiny nub over and over, and Tami bent her head down and whispered
  the word "suck" into his ear.  
 He drew her in, suckling her breasts like a baby, licking her nipple over
  and over as she rocked back and forth and Tami felt the first waves of ecstasy
  wash over her. She felt his hands begin to rub her sides, sliding up and down
  with the hesitant touch of a new lover, exploring her curves.  
 She felt the bus slowing down, and then the sudden lurch forward as the
  brakes engaged.  
 "Hey! Edwards! We're at that kid's stop! Get off him!" Bob shouted, looking
  up into the giant rearview mirror above his seat.  
 Tami looked down at the boy in front of her. Slowly, she rose, pulling her
  right nipple out of the boy's mouth. The front of his jeans was soaked in her
  juices, but he didn't notice, his mind still dazed by the experience.  
 "That kid two seats further back will be next!" Bob shouted. Tami raised
  her eyes and looked two seats down and saw the smiling face of another boy.
  She moved out of the seat as the first boy quickly gathered his belongings
  and hurried off the bus, looking at her in embarrassment. Tami tried smiling
  at him as he left, but he kept his eyes downcast.  
 Tami moved on to the next boy, straddling him as she had done the first,
  cupping her breasts and letting them slip into the boys mouth. His mouth became
  another's as the bus slowly emptied, hands running over her body, hard swells
  rubbing against her sex. Tami felt she was going insane, her body thrumming
  with need.  
 "All right, babe. Come on back here and let me have some of that." The only
  junior on the bus said loudly. Tami looked around, realizing that all the other
  students had gotten off, leaving only the bus driver, the junior, and her.
  She also realized that the driver had driven right past her stop. She leapt
  up and started up the aisle toward the door in a panic, babbling about her "stop".  
 "Now don't get your panties in a wad there, Edwards." Bob replied with a
  smile. "I promise you that I will drive you right up to your front door. You
  just get on and give that last kid his nooky before he gets off." Bob said,
  still concentrating on not wrecking the bus.  
 "Let's go, sweety. I enjoyed watching you get your ass caned this morning." The
  junior said, his smile malicious. Tami frowned, but plodded back down the bus
  aisle.  
 The junior had his hands in his lap as Tami straddled him, and he brought
  them up to her bottom, squeezing the cheeks painfully. Tami gasped, her teeth
  gritting as her bruises and welts were touch and squeezed and she tried to
  move off him. He held her in place, his hands moving to her hips.  
 Then she felt something different from all the other boys she had sat upon.
  Instead of the denim covered swell, she felt something hard and yet soft, warm
  and penetrating. It slipped quickly among the folds of her sex and her eyes
  widened and she gasped as the junior's cock quickly impaled her, thrusting
  deeply into the sodden swamp between her legs.  
 Her hands clenched on the boy's shirt as he began thrusting his hips
    forward, creating shock waves of pleasure inside her. Her eyes rolled and
    she pushed her breasts forward into the boys mouth. With a sigh, she let
    the tension and strength of her legs drain, dropping herself firmly onto
    the thick and rigid pipe rammed into her well. She rose again, then dropped,
    bouncing up and down. 
  Suddenly the driver started to sing, startling Tami, who tried to listen despite
  the wonderful feelings inside her.   
 "The girl on the bus goes up and down, up and down, up and down, the girl
  on the bus fucks up and down, allllllll through the town." Bob sang heartily.  
 Tami's eyes narrowed and she made to rise up but then the junior gasped,
  catching hold of her shoulders and pulling her down so hard that she squealed
  as his loins pressed against the bruises on her sex. She felt his rod harden,
  that final swelling that comes before eruption and then the tiny tremors that
  felt as if an earthquake had been bottled and let loose inside her. She gasped
  as she felt the first geyser of fluid and she shook as her own body responded,
  bringing her upward in a spiral of bliss as she answered with her own climax.  
 She sagged in the junior's arms, her breathing sharp, her body exhausted.
  He had a dreamy look of contentment and she laid her head on his shoulder.
  He wasn't Brad, but she was satisfied.  
 She felt a sudden shove and she toppled over, gooey fluids coating her thighs.
  Her head hit the side of the bus and she grunted with the sharp pain. The junior
  stood, buckling his pants, smiling a satisfied grin.  
 "You sophomore girls are good for nothing but fucking. Anytime you want
  a second round, let me know." He picked up his bag and moved toward the front
  of the bus.  
 Tami burst into tears, her body aching and ravished. She heard the bus slow
  and stop, its brakes squealing in high pitched warbles like a screaming girl.
  The sounds of the folding doors seemed to echo in the empty bus and she raised
  her head. The junior had gotten off, leaving her alone with Bob. She felt a
  sudden chill.  
 "All right, Edwards. Come forward just a bit up the aisle." Bob ordered.
  Tami stood and started to move toward the front of the bus. Her thighs glistened
  and she could feel fluids still dripping out of her.  
 "Okay, stop right there." Bob ordered, still looking up into his mirror. "Put
  your left foot in the seat next to you. That's right. Now the right foot goes
  in the seat opposite. Good. Now make your legs straight so you're doing the
  splits."  
 Tami gritted her teeth, letting herself down slowly. Both her legs lay stretched
  outward to her sides, her thighs a rippling mass of pain as she lowered herself
  downward. Her arms were on the backs of the seats, trying to take some of the
  weight off her thigh muscles as her body trembled with the strain. After the
  stretching Mr. Styne had given her, this shot waves of pain up through her
  legs.  
 The bus began to move again and Tami's tears again flooded downward. She
  knew why Bob had wanted her in this position, as his eyes continually flicked
  to the mirror, drinking in the site of her spread and opened pussy, its bright
  pink petals wet and sore. She could feel drops of juice slipping down to her
  peritoneum, then falling with a wet thump onto the floor of the buss.  
 Several turns later the bus entered a cul-de-sac in a quiet construction
  area. Tami held her position until it came to a stop, the heavy parking brake
  engaging. She looked around wildly and then stared at Bob as he rose from his
  seat.  
 "You said you would take me home!" Tami cried.  
 Bob nodded as he approached her. "And I will, in just a bit. I just wanted
  to get a little of what you gave to that last kid and God knows how many more
  today." He reached into his back pocket and removed his wallet, taking out
  a much abraded package. Bob laughed. "Didn't think I'd ever get a chance to
  use it. But it's good to be prepared!"  
 He unbuttoned his jeans, pulling them down along with a nasty set of yellow
  boxers. Tami could smell him, a thick unclean scent that made her turn away.
  She rose up, placing her legs under herself as he began to roll the condom
  onto his meaty tube.  
 She raced to the back door and began to yank on the emergency exit handle.
  She no longer cared she was naked, wanting only to escape the oncoming rape.
  Her tears blurred her vision as her hands slipped, her body no longer possessing
  the strength needed to pull the lever upward.  
 She felt Bob's hands on her, pushing her up against a seat, her back to
  him. He pushed her forward and up, so that her breasts lay on the top of the
  seatback. He moved in behind her and she felt the rubber coated tip touch the
  base of her slit. She squirmed, trying desperately to get away, but his arms
  held her in an iron grip. She screamed as he rammed himself into her, bouncing
  quickly into her body in rapid thrusts.  
 Tami began sobbing as Bob repeatedly drove himself home. The pleasure she
  had felt with the junior was gone, replaced by nothing more than disgust and
  humiliation. Her tears flooded downward over her breasts as the monster impaled
  her over and over, finally shaking and quivering inside her.  
 He pulled out, a smile on his face, and he yanked off the condom. With a
  grin he tossed it out one of the half opened windows while he straightened
  his boxers and then pulled up his jeans.  
 "Well Edwards, you're one good little fuck. But I bet you hear that all
  the time, don't you. Hell, I've even heard it before. Glad I had a chance to
  test ya' out." He grabbed her arm, pulling her out of the seat. "Let's go.
  I gotta get this heap back to the bus barn by six."  
 Bob dragged Tami to the front of the bus, pushing her down into the seat
  behind the driver's chair. He reached down under his seat and removed a heavy
  paper sack with black lettering spelling Edwards on it. He tossed it to Tami.  
 Tami tore it open, popping the staples quickly. She pulled out the black
  mini skirt and halter top she had worn that morning, on this very bus, and
  she quickly put them both on, not even bothering to see if they were right
  side out. Her fingers found her flip flops, dropping them onto the floor of
  the bus and then sliding her delicate feet into each foam shoe with a sigh.  
 She recognized the scenery and realized that Bob had told the truth. He
  was going to drop her off at her house. She was still crying as the bus slowed.
  The heavy folding doors opened with a hiss and Tami stood up, moving past Bob
  with a leery wariness. She made it down the steps before his voice stopped
  her.  
 "Edwards. Let me tell you something. You say a word about what happened
  on this bus today and it will be the word of a little disobedient slut like
  you against a respectable driver like me. Not only that, but I'll make sure
  Rutger knows you were rude and &hellip;how did she put it? Oh yes. Uncooperative." He
  nodded. "Remember that."  
 Tami's face flushed red. Her eyes flared in anger and she quickly brought
  up her right hand as she jumped off the bus onto her own driveway. Her middle
  finger rose in a time honored signal that she was sure Bob would understand.  
 She fled then, turning and running down the driveway toward the safety of
  home.  
Epilogue   
 "Now that we've concluded the regular school agenda, I'd like to discuss
  Ms. Edwards. I think that the methods used today were of a sufficient unpleasantness
  that Ms. Edwards will seriously think about her behavior. But do you think
  the change will be permanent?" asked the principal.  
 Sherly Temis frowned. "I think she is a difficult child, and frankly, I
  don't think anything we do to her will really change her. She needs constant
  reminders on how to behave."  
 Coach Hampton sighed and leaned forward. "I think deep down, Tami is a good
  kid, just a little loose. I'm wondering if a parent teacher conference, maybe
  even with all her teachers at the same time might be a good idea. I think a
  lot of her behavior stems from an unhappy home life."  
 Mrs. Rutger nodded. "I suppose that is possible. It's obvious that girl
  needs regular spankings." She paused a moment to collect her thoughts, then
  continued. "I think we need to watch her like hawks, ready to respond with
  corporal punishment for the first offense, no matter how small. To reinforce
  our position"  
 "I think Tami needs some special tutoring; someone who could give her one
  on one attention to teach her manners and obedience." Mr. Styne said.  
 "You mean make her your personal slave." Mr. Mason said, his eyes narrow.  
 "Would you prefer two on one then, Mr. Mason?" Styne replied with a sneer.  
 "Now look here, Styne, I think William has a good point. He and I both know
  about your&hellip;proclivities. I question your motives." Doctor Cook announced.  
 Suddenly the phone rang and Mrs. Rutger moved to the wall, picking it up.
  She listened for a few moments, spoke a few soft words, then replaced the receiver
  on the wall.  
 "That was Bob Davies, Ms. Edwards' bus driver. It seems that Ms. Edwards
  flipped him off as she got off the bus at her stop."  
 The principal took a deep breath. "It seems that Ms. Edwards hasn't learned
  her lesson yet. I would like all of you to prepare another round for Tami,
  scheduled for tomorrow." The principal stood up. "And let's make sure that
  she learns her lesson this time."  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





