BDSM Library - Wrath after Lust




Wrath after Lust
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this strict religious community, lust is severely punished.Wrath after Lust   
Please note. This story is written in the English language and not the American
  variant.  
Synopsis   
In this strict religious community, lust is severely punished  
MF Whipping  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
Wrath after Lust   
&quot;Time and time again I have warned against the Devil's evils.&quot; The
  Reverend Lloyd Masters, standing several feet above his 'flock', began his
  Sunday sermon to the small congregation at the isolated religious farming commune.
  They owned about 400 acres of land, which they tried to farm organically with
  the minimum of machinery using methods most would consider fifty years out
  of date. His voice rose, spittle sprayed from his mouth and he punctuated each
  sentence by thumping the lectern at the front of the pulpit. &quot;Each and
  every one of you must put a strong guard in your minds against the seven deadly
  sins Satan tries to impose on you! The sins of Sloth!&hellip; Envy!&hellip; Greed!&hellip; Gluttony!&hellip; Pride!&hellip; Lust!&hellip; and
  Wrath! These heinous sins must be forcibly resisted and repelled in order to
  enjoy our Good Lord's blessing in this life and to keep our lives pure! Only
  then will we receive the ultimate reward in heaven!&quot; He lectured them
  volubly and at great length on each of the sins. Most had heard similar sermons
  before and were only mildly surprised at the order in which he dealt with the
  seven sins. Nearly an hour later he got to the sin of Lust.  
&quot;Lust, sexual intercourse for pleasure and not just for the procreation
  of our species. Fornication for its own sake; for enjoyment! Fornication to
  satisfy a lust!&quot; The reverend mopped his brow, he knew he had everyone's
  attention, even the children who hardly comprehended what he was talking about. &quot;Lust
  is a sin even when the participants are wedded in holy matrimony and it is
  done in the privacy of the marital bedroom. But the sin is far, far worse when
  lust takes the form of an unholy union, a disgracefully shameful union between
  a couple who are each married but not to the other! An adulterous liaison and
  one I would not have believed would occur in this community! A community devoted
  to living a good and clean life and to following the teachings of our Lord
  Jesus Christ. Unfortunately I have to believe it for I saw the act with my
  own eyes! Two members sitting facing me now fornicated openly and in a most
  depraved manner on our land, our holy land, land we have consecrated.&quot; Gasps
  and murmurs of disgust and horror from his audience caused the reverend to
  pause and wait while they looked around. &quot;It should be obvious who these
  depraved beings are.&quot; Madeleine Brown slumped in her seat, blushing crimson;
  Thomas Jeffries sat back in his pew and looked defiant. Both were in their
  late thirties and each had their spouse and two teenage children sitting alongside
  them. &quot;Bring them to the front so their shame can be seen by all.&quot; Madeleine
  stood and immediately rushed for the door but was caught before she was even
  halfway there. Thomas a tall, strong man looked ready to put up a fight but
  was no match for four of his fellows especially as they had been forewarned
  and were ready. Despite putting up a struggle, the hands of both adulterers
  were quickly tied behind their backs and were made to stand underneath the
  pulpit with the eyes of the congregation were on them while the reverend hushed
  the churchgoers and continued his sermon. Madeleine, 'Maddy', started crying.  
&quot;From their appearance, there can be no doubt in your minds of the truth
  of the adultery but to dispel the last vestige of doubt, I will give you the
  evidence, witnessed my own eyes, of their shameful and vile carnal copulation!&quot; A
  pause to allow the mutterings to subside. &quot;You may recall the full moon
  of last Thursday evening and it being mild I went for a walk to contemplate
  the infinite patience of the Almighty in placing all those jewels in the blackness
  above us.&quot; This wasn't quite true because the reverend had heard of the
  tryst and had hidden in the bushes near the barn. &quot;I paused in my rambling
  by Mason's barn and soon the figure of a man, Thomas Jeffries walked by and
  furtively entered the barn. Shortly after her was followed by a woman, Maddy
  Brown. Thinking this needed further investigation I went in the side entrance
  and peered over the bales of hay. The moonlight streamed in from the open end
  of the barn so I could see them clearly as they, in odious passion, performed
  their infamous deed.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;Oh Maddy dear, I'm so relieved you could come. 'Tis such a pity we
  have to meet in this way.&quot;  
&quot;Oh Tom, I want so much to be with you and yet there is no way that
  we can. We have so little time together. An hour or so at best, while Harold
  and Bessie are working in the church. Let's not waste the time we have. I want
  you, I need you to hold me close. I need you inside me, to show me your love,
  love that Harold denies me. Undress me please. Hurry.&quot;  
&quot;And you me. I want to hold you and kiss you and do all the things true
  lovers do,&quot; Tom replied. Each undressed the other and fondled and kissed
  as each item was removed until they were naked.&quot;  
&quot;Oh Tom, you're ready for me. It's so hard and I want to suck it and
  make it even harder. I need you so much Tom. Fuck me please. Oooohh yes, harder,
  harder. Harold never does it like this. Hardly ever does it. I need you so
  badly.&quot; Lying on the hay, Tom fucked with fervour and passion in long
  hard strokes, trying to delay his emission until Madeleine had hers. When she
  cried out her orgasm so he released his seed. For a while they lay cradled
  in each other's arms murmuring terms of endearment, not knowing every moment
  was being watched.  
*****  
&quot;And so we come to the last dreadful sin, Wrath.&quot; Ignoring Madeleine's
  crying from below his stance at the pulpit, the Reverend Lloyd Masters continued
  his fiery sermon. &quot;Wrath or anger between two or more people&hellip;&quot; He
  enumerated the sinful wrongs wrath caused but then went on, &quot;However,
  sometimes the Good Lord needs to show his wrath and displeasure at the actions
  of his children. His wrath is used to serve not only as a punishment for their
  wrongdoing but also to set an example to others and keep them on the straight
  and narrow path of divine goodness. Sometimes he uses his powers directly in
  the form of storms or tempests but at other times he delegates that power to
  those that so rightly serve his cause. Today is such a day. I prayed long and
  hard for these two sinners and asked for his guidance for obtaining their absolution.
  Last night in a vivid dream I learned he had chosen me, a loyal servant, to
  punish and show this pair the error of their ways. In the most clear and graphic
  way he revealed the form their atonement should take. It will be painful for
  them but it is just and necessary to absolve them! The Lord did not deem it
  wise for me to do the task myself but entreated me to call on others to administer
  his retribution and for you to bear witness that it is done in a full and proper
  manner.&quot;  
There were murmurs of surprise from the assembled people. Many wandered what
  form the punishment would take but only a select number of the elder menfolk
  were privileged to know.  
&quot;My good children,&quot; the reverent held up his hand and waited for
  the noise to die down, &quot;It is not the Lord's wish that his building, this
  church, be desecrated by the punishment of this immoral pair. Our Heavenly
  Father deemed it more appropriate that the correction be carried out where
  the sins were actually committed. Therefore after a prayer for their redemption,
  I will ask you all to make your way to Herbert Mason's barn where he assures
  me everything is already prepared for you to witness them receiving their just
  and rightful desserts.&quot; Again more comments from the congregation but
  dutifully they knelt for the final prayer, interrupted at intervals by the
  sobbing and cries from Madeleine and an outburst from Thomas calling the preacher
  a hypocrite.  
Half an hour later the reverend led a gaggle of chattering people along the
  path to Mason's barn. Both Madeleine and Thomas tried to resist but with their
  hands tied and four of the elders half dragging them along, resistance was
  futile. Worse perhaps were the overwhelmingly righteousness comments of their
  fellows who now regarded them as the most debased creatures on earth.  
Working to Lloyd's instructions, Herbert Mason had cleared a space in the
  centre of the barn and placed hay bales around the walls for folk to sit. The
  main topic of conversation during the walk concerned the form the punishment
  would take but the sight of a cask filled with fresh cut willow rods left them
  in no doubt the pair were to receive a whipping. Normally such whippings were
  carried out in private or viewed only by the injured parties but this time
  they knew it was going to be a very public affair.  
&quot;Let us pray.&quot; Lloyd, with much pomp and ceremony, Lloyd led the
  onlookers in a prayer for the souls of the sinners. Madeleine and Thomas were
  made to kneel by the cask while he blessed the rods it contained. &quot;Lord
  with these instruments of your love and care, help us to drive the devil from
  the bodies of these two sinners so they may receive redemption and return to
  the true ways of your goodness.&quot; &quot;Amen.&quot;  
Lloyd then addressed the congregation in his usual theatrical manner. &quot;My
  good people, this is the very spot where I witnessed the sinful coupling last
  Thursday. It was here they shamefully undressed each other and played and kissed
  before their adulterous conjoining. Today it will not be the tender kiss of
  soft lips that titillates their bodies as each item of clothing is removed,
  it will be the sharper kiss of the rod. And who better to apply those kisses
  than the aggrieved spouses of the couple. Harold and Bessie please step forward
  and remove the shirts of the sinner who cuckolded you and apply the rod to
  the bare chest of the person. In the Lord's name apply it well. You will need
  to use all your strength to drive out the Satan who is so deeply entrenched
  within.&quot;  
Bessie, surprised and delighted to be allowed to use the whip, had an evil
  grin as she walked to the still kneeling Madeleine. At the best of times she
  had no liking for the attractive woman. &quot;Before the hour is out, you're
  going to be sorry you flaunted yourself and seduced my husband,&quot; she hissed
  as she undid the victims blouse and pushed the garment back and down the arms
  as far as the rope binding. Quickly unclasping the front of the bra, she exposed
  Maddy's full breasts to everyone.  
&quot;No! No! It's not right. Please leave us alone!&quot; Maddy yelled and
  tried to roll on the ground to hide her body. Two elders grabbed her arms and
  pulled her into an upright kneeling position that thrust her breasts forward
  ready for the rod's painful kiss. &quot;No please, in God's name, don't hit
  them,&quot; Maddy pleaded again knowing the plea would go unheeded by the cold,
  hard woman.  
&quot;Maddy, it is in God's name that I will hit them and hit them well.
  You will suffer as I am suffering from the humiliation of everyone knowing
  that you took my man into your body for wanton sex.&quot; Bessie went to the
  cask and removed a dripping rod, swung it a few times and then changed it for
  another. A yell from Thomas and a cheer from the crowd told Maddy that Harold
  was already using a rod on Thomas' chest. Wild eyed she looked around for help
  but none was forthcoming. Bessie taunted her by flicking her nipples with the
  rod causing them to harden. &quot;You like that Maddy?&quot; Bessie's grin
  widened, &quot;But perhaps this will not be so much to your liking,&quot; Another
  cry from Thomas. Bessie waited until the cheer had died and Harold stopped
  and watched as Bessie swung the rod hard across the top of both of Maddy's
  exposed breasts. It forced them down and flattened them to her chest. Maddy
  let out a tremendous scream but it was almost drowned by the righteous clapping
  from most in the audience. Only a few had sympathy for Maddy's pain. Many of
  the men and older boys surreptitiously moved their pricks to a more comfortable
  position and were enjoying the sight of the semi-naked woman. The rod swung
  again with an upward movement catching the underside of the already tormented
  breasts. Another scream followed by more encouragement from the congregation.
  Never in anyone's memory could they remember a punishment like this and it
  was only just beginning. Six more times the rod savagely struck Maddy's breasts.
  Vaguely she could hear Thomas receiving a similar treatment and, with a quick
  sideways glance, saw the elders struggling to hold him too.  
There was a short respite during which the preacher reiterated the reasons
  for the punishment. Maddy wanted to massage her bruised and swollen breasts
  but with tied wrists she couldn't even do that. Tears fell on them as she wept
  loudly.  
&quot;Remove their lower garments so we can punish the root course of the
  illicit sexuality,&quot; Lloyd ordered. A gasp went up from the onlookers.
  In a community where for a woman to show an ankle was considered indecent,
  to see two adults completely naked would be scandalously degrading. Even Bessie
  looked round in askance at Lloyd but he nodded his approval. While Maddy was
  still kneeling Bessie removed her the sobbing woman's boots and then two elders
  lifted her by the armpits to allow Bessie to unfasten the skirt and lower it
  and the underlying bloomers. The elders turned the naked woman for all to view
  her body and see her swollen, striped breasts. In the small barn, none were
  very far away and everyone could almost feel the heat from them. Maddy was
  past caring about this indignity, the fire and pain in her breasts was too
  great but she knew there was more pain to come. Vaguely she heard Ruth, her
  daughter, cry out for them to stop the punishment but no one took any notice
  and she was pulled back to her seat on the bale when she tried disrupt the
  proceedings.  
Maddy tried pleading with Bessie again but the response was curt. &quot;I'm
  going to make sure you do not seduce my Tom for a long, long while you hussy.&quot; With
  that she laid a fresh rod viciously across Maddy's stomach eliciting a further
  howl of pain from the victim. Steadily Bessie laid the strokes lower and lower
  until the front of her thighs and her sex mound were covered with deep red
  welts. Resolutely and despite the intense pain, Maddy kept her legs together
  until she finally slumped limp in the arms of the elders.  
Once again Ruth stood up and cried out, &quot;Stop, you've hurt her more
  than enough.&quot; Again she was quickly pulled back and silenced.  
Thomas faired no better. His prick started to rise when he was displayed
  before the community. He could hear some of the younger girls giggling but
  tried to ignore them. The pain in his chest was severe and took all his attention.
  He too realised that he must keep his legs together to try and protect his
  balls but that did not protect his prick. Harold laid his first stroke to catch
  the partially erect penis close to the head. The force drove it against his
  thighs and the cane welted them at the same time. The pain was horrendous and
  he let out a thunderous roar and swore obscenities at Harold. The words only
  incited his tormentor to lay stroke after stroke in the confined area that
  would normally be covered by his underpants. Eventually the beating stopped
  when he too collapsed and was only kept upright by the men who held him.  
Most of the onlookers thought that was the end of the punishment but Lloyd,
  now full of his own lust for power, ordered ropes to be slung over the ceiling
  beams. &quot;Throw water over them to bring them back into this world so the
  Lord can finish their punishment,&quot; he ordered. This time there were more
  than Ruth's voices raised in dissent but still Lloyd ignored them. When the
  adulterers could once again stand, albeit unsteadily, on their own feet, the
  elders fastened the ropes around the victims wrists and hauled them up so they
  could only just keep their feet on the ground. &quot;Make them face each other
  so they can see how the other has suffered and will continue to suffer until
  they have paid the full penance price for their scandalous behaviour.  
Neither Bessie nor Harold believed the body in front of them could stand
  much more but nevertheless started to lash the buttocks and the shoulders but
  with less ferocity than they'd used on the front. Maddy only took six strokes
  before she collapsed. Thomas succumbed after a dozen.  
&quot;Bring them round and continue,&quot; shouted Lloyd. This time there
  were more murmurs of discontent from the congregation.  
&quot;No!&quot; The voice of one of the elders boomed over the general hubbub. &quot;Enough
  reverend. They have been punished more than enough for their sins. They will
  bear the result for a long while and it will live in their memory for the rest
  of their lives.&quot; Seeing that most of the community agreed with the elder
  he allowed the pair to be taken down and helped to their homes.  
&quot;You will sleep in my bed mother and keep apart from father,&quot; Ruth
  insisted. &quot;I have no wish to sleep with another's whore,&quot; Harold
  spat in reply. Ruth carefully tended her mother's injuries but there was little
  enough that she could do to relieve her pain. David, Maddy's son, sided with
  his father in believing his mother to be a no better than a prostitute and
  should have been thrown out of the community.  
Thomas' twin sons didn't seem concerned one way or the other. They were old
  enough to believe their father wanted the sex their mother denied him so he
  looked elsewhere and got caught and punished. It was severe but that was the
  penalty for getting caught. In any case they had enjoyed their first sight
  of a totally naked woman.  
Neither Maddy or Thomas were able to do more than hobble about for the next
  week and for week after only did the lightest of work. In the main they were
  kept apart but in such a small community, inevitably there were times when
  they were together but never alone for more than a few minutes at a time. By
  the end of a month, both were working near normally although their bodies still
  showed the colourful, horrific welts, which were still very tender to touch.
  Worse perhaps was the attitude of the fellow members of their religious order.
  Far from thinking the whipping had absolved their crime, they almost believed
  it had reinforced it. Like lepers, they were shunned and few would speak to
  them except when absolutely necessary. Bessie, like Harold, refused to allow
  her partner to lie alongside her in bed and both taunted them mercilessly over
  what had been done.  
&quot;Mummy, you can't live your life like this,&quot; Ruth spoke quietly
  when they were alone in their home. &quot;Everyone calls you names like slut
  or harlot or strumpet or worse even when they know I can hear. I know you still
  love Tom so why don't you try and escape together? I'm old enough to take care
  of myself and in any case I might want to go with you. Since Reverend Masters
  took over, this community has become very restrictive with him setting himself
  up as the all-powerful demagogue. Shall I try and have a word with Tom? They
  hardly let you near him.&quot; Maddy agreed that if Tom wanted to leave with
  her, she was willing to go with him.  
&quot;Be very careful Ruth,&quot; she admonished. &quot;Make sure no one
  overhears any conversations between you and Tom otherwise you could be in for
  punishment too.&quot;  
&quot;Tell Maddy, if she wishes to come with me, be ready to move out tonight,&quot; Tom
  whispered one afternoon six weeks after their flogging. &quot;The boys are
  at the camp vigil so they will be out of the way and there's no moon so Lloyd
  shouldn't be on the prowl.&quot; Ruth nodded and relayed the message.  
It was nearly midnight when Tom moved silently into his wife's bedroom. Before
  she knew what was happening, Tom tied her wrists, gagged her and then fastened
  her ankles to the bed. Bessie struggled but could not move far and her shouts
  came out no more than low moans. Even these were muted when he drew a blanket
  over her head. Quickly throwing all his possessions in a large duffel bag,
  he quietly walked to Maddy's house. Tapping on her window before quietly sliding
  it open he was surprised when the face that appeared was not that of his loved
  one. It was Harold's. Harold grinned, &quot;So you thought to take my whore
  wife from me again did you Thomas?&quot; He held a thick staff in his hand
  ready for use.  
Tom didn't wait to answer the question. With the speed of anger, his fist
  smashed into Harold's face, knocking him to the floor. The cudgel fell unused
  from his hand; blood streamed from his broken nose. Before Harold had a chance
  to recover, Tom leaped into the room and used his superior strength to quickly
  subdue Harold. Tearing the sheets from the bed, he tied and gagged him. With
  Harold thus secured Tom started looking around the house and found Maddy and
  Ruth tied to chairs in the kitchen. Harold had caught Maddy packing a short
  while earlier and guessed she was planning to elope.  
Quickly they gathered up her things, raided the housekeeping moneybox. &quot;Please,
  I'm coming too Tom. Please let me,&quot; Ruth pleaded. &quot;I shall be in
  real trouble if I stay.&quot;  
&quot;Of course Ruth. You are part of my family now. Gather up your stuff
  for we must be away shortly.&quot;  
The trio headed for Mason's barn. &quot;The old truck is there and the keys
  are always on the hook so we'll take it and leave it in the next town,&quot; Tom
  spoke quietly. &quot;With the money I've saved and what we've have taken from
  our houses, we can get a train from there. We'll find somewhere where love
  is not deemed to be lust and is followed by tenderness and not wrath. Where
  you may find love too Ruth without it being considered sinful. The real God
  can guide us from now on, not that puppet in the pulpit.&quot;  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





