BDSM Library - Seven Nights




Seven Nights
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Seven girls are living in a modern castle, slaves to a rich man's cruel whims. He wants them to provide dinner entertainment, and to make it amusing he decides to punish his slaves for their sins. Which girl will be punished for which sin? Find out!Seven Nights  
 Ryan surveyed his assembled slaves, and their handlers, critically.  
 He'd called an assembly of his seven slaves, and their handlers, this evening
  for a special announcement. They had been assembled for some minutes now, but
  he let them wait as he looked them over.  
 Ryan Dante was a CEO for one of the largest software companies in the world.
  As a result, he had wealth enough to indulge in every whim, every perversity,
  he desired; and his particular desire had been, since he was young, to see
  beautiful, nubile young girls in strict bondage and severe pain. Though he
  was yet some years away from retirement age, he had bought this palatial castle-like
  mansion in the French mountains and staffed it with slave handlers and the
  most beautiful and submissive girls he could find from around the world.  
 First in his seraglio of submissives was Ji Na, a delicate little Chinese
  beauty. She stood just a hair over four and a half feet tall, weighed barely
  a hundred pounds, had long rippling black hair that fell to the middle of her
  back, and big brown eyes. She had been one of the first girls to enter his
  harem  
 Her handler Master Mike was a tall brute of a man. A former American football
  player, he towered over her at six feet tall, and far outweighed her at almost
  three hundred pounds. Ryan had paired him with Ji Na, because his sense of
  aesthetics was pleased by the sight of the contrast. Her skin was pure alabaster,
  with a slight touch of honey; his skin was the color of dark chocolate. The
  contrast was especially vivid when she sucked him off.  
 Next down the line was Colleen, a fair-skinned, red-haired girl from Ireland.
  She had only a few freckles over her pert nose, and the rest of her creamy
  skin was unblemished. She was taller than her Chinese sister slave, at five
  feet five inches and a hundred and ten. She was submissive, but not a painslut;
  her Asian handler, Master Lin, was definitely a sadist. Ryan enjoyed watching
  Colleen being forced endure the pain she hated.  
 Then there was Ayesha. A slender, olive-skinned beauty from the Middle East,
  Ryan had met her by chance in a bazaar. Her father had been more than happy
  to sell his youngest daughter to Ryan; he had an abundance of daughters, and
  had been so grateful to get one girl off his hands and the man taking her had
  offered him money instead of demanding it that he had overruled Ayesha's protests
  and forced her to go with Ryan. Her secret lover, Ali, had signed on with Ryan
  to be with her. Ayesha didn't love Ryan, didn't care about him; but as long
  as she could stay with Ali, she was content. Ali had a sadistic streak that
  Ryan had carefully cultivated, and he especially enjoyed seeing Ayesha willingly
  suffer torture at her lover's hands.  
 Tamika was an African-American girl from a southern ghetto. She was a five
  foot three, with piercing black eyes and a proud stance that belied her submissive
  nature. She and her handler Stephen were married. They had come to Ryan's attention
  from one of his Dom friends, when Stephen had asked for instruction in how
  to be a proper Master to his wife. Both had taken to the D/s lifestyle like
  ducks to water, and when offered a chance to give up their jobs and lives and
  become a fulltime Master and slave, they had signed on eagerly.  
 Natasha was next. She was a girl with the natural platinum blonde hair and
  ice-blue eyes common to girls in her native Siberia. Although Ryan preferred
  brunettes, he did like a pretty blonde, and Natasha was one of them. She was
  tall, almost six feet tall, and a hundred and twenty five pounds. Next to her
  was her handler, a swarthy Hispanic male named Pablo, as short as Ji Na but
  hung like a donkey. Natasha had a rather tight cunt without a lot of stretch,
  and intercourse with Pablo hurt her terribly.  
Then there was Carmen, a beautiful Latina with a face and figure reminiscent
  of one of Ryan's favorite celebrities. Especially her ass. Ryan loved Carmen's
  ass. He had plans for that ass. And her handler, Patrick, a red-haired Irishman,
  shared Ryan's love of that ass. Carmen walked around with a permanently red
  ass, from Pat's constant whipping, spanking, paddling, and caning of it.  
 And lastly, there was Gertrude. A proud blonde bitch from Germany, she had
  been a former model. She was the only one there by force; most of the others
  had come, if not willingly, reluctantly. Except Trudy. She had been a member
  of the Aryan Pride movement in East Germany, a movement that mostly went underground
  after the Berlin Wall fell. To add to the former model's humiliation, he had
  assigned her a particularly cruel African-American handler named Derrick.  
 "Now that you are all here," he said almost conversationally as the seven
  girls knelt in front of him with their handlers beside them, "Let me make my
  announcement." The handlers looked a little more interested; the girls, however,
  kept their eyes trained on the floor, kneeling with thighs spread wide and
  their hands on their knees. They were well trained; Ryan was pleased.  
 "As you know, the manor is being readied for the annual visit of the company's
  shareholders, a visit which starts tomorrow. After the regular stockholders
  have gone, I intend to entertain several of the stockholders who share my enjoyment
  of hearing a girl scream in torment. They will be here for one week; on each
  night of that week one of you will be selected to provide the entertainment.
  As this year's meeting will be conducted so close to Lent, and Lent is meant
  to be spent in penance and prayer for forgiveness, I've picked out your sins,
  and you will be suitably punished for them. You all know the seven cardinal
  sins, as preached by the Catholic Church; sloth, greed, envy, lust, pride,
  wrath, and gluttony. All of you have at lest one of those sins.  
 "During the week the regular shareholders are here, handlers will assume
  roles about the house; valet, manservant, groundskeepers, and the like. You
  will mingle with regular staff. The girls will stay in their cells for the
  duration of their visit, restrained and unable to make a sound. Once they are
  gone, the entertainment will begin. The girls will entertain us at the dinner
  table with their screams. I have specific punishments in mind for each of you
  and they will be extremely painful, I assure you. Any questions?" Naturally
  there were none.  
 "Good. Handlers, take your slaves to the cells. Then see me about the punishments
  I have planned for each one."  
The First Night  
 Ryan looked around the table. Ten of his closest friends in the company
  were here, sitting at the table in their evening finery, waiting as the courses
  were brought in and placed on the table. As soon as the last dish had been
  placed on the table, Ryan clapped for attention. "My friends, now that the
  regular people have left, we may indulge in our fantasies. I will make all
  your fantasies come true!  
 "You all know I have a harem of girls here, though you have not seen them
  yet. I have seven girls, beautiful girls from all over the world. But although
  they are beautiful, they are not without faults, and tonight in the spirit
  of Lent, I have decided to punish the girls for their sins. Their penance shall
  be pain.  
 "Tonight, for our first sin and punishment, we have Ji Na. She is a traditional
  Chinese beauty, delicate and petite. Her sin is sloth. I insist that my girls
  be fit, and to that end I have them work out each day. She is especially lazy
  in running, claiming that her legs are too short to take the longer strides
  of the taller girls, and she cannot keep up. I have decided it is sloth, or
  laziness, and I have devised a punishment for it. Michael, bring in your bitch." Mike,
  sitting in a row of chairs against the far wall with the other masters, rose
  and went out, returning moments later with Ji Na, crawling on her hands and
  knees, on the end of a leash. Murmurs ran around the table.  
 At the far end of the hall was a large black electrical box with various
  wires and leads and clips coming from it, and a treadmill beside it. There
  was also a small bench close by both of the apparatus.  
 Mike tugged on the leash. "Up." Ji Na crawled up onto the bench, slowly,
  gracefully, trying to hide her trembling. She had been told she would suffer
  punishment for laziness; she didn't know how.  
 Mike fastened straps from the bench's sides around her wrists, torso, thighs,
  and ankles, strapping her to the low bench with her thighs spread wide. Opening
  a box, he took out three objects. One was an enormous dildo, made of steel
  with raised ridges swirling around it. The second one was similar, though not
  as large. The third was slim, maybe the size of a pencil, and smooth. As the
  guests murmured, wondering what he would do with the instruments, he cranked
  a lever that would raise the end of the bench, tilting her backward and slightly
  upside down. Then he lubed the second biggest dildo, pressed it against the
  opening to her asshole, and began to screw it into the tiny, puckered brownish
  hole.  
 Ji Na screamed in agony. The dildo was enormous, and her asshole, having
  not been played with for a few days, was tight. "Please!" she screamed in agony. "Oh,
  God, please, you're tearing my asshole, I'll split, please, please, not so
  big&hellip;oh, God...Master Mike&hellip;please!" But despite her protestations,
  the dildo was screwed into her asshole. She squealed as he rammed it home,
  leaving only the base outside her stretched anus. Her belly rippled with contractions
  as her bowels tried to expel the intruder, but she was unable to budge it even
  an inch.  
 Next, Mike lubed up the even bigger vaginal dildo and began to work it up
  into her cunt. This elicited more screams and pleas for mercy, as both holes
  were filled to capacity. He gave her a few seconds to squeal in pain from her
  tortured orifices before picking up the pencil-sized probe, spreading her labia
  wide, and pressing the probe into her urethra. The hole was tiny and insertion
  would normally be uncomfortable. But now that her urethra was crushed closed
  by her filled holes she screamed in mindless agony.  
 He fastened a belt around her waist, bringing a thin strap down from the
  belt in back, threading it through the rings at the base of the dildos and
  the urethral probe, and locked it tightly in front, ensuring that the probes
  would stay in. Then he unstrapped her, watching as her hands flew down to her
  tortured nether regions. "Get up on the treadmill," he said. She had to roll
  off the bench and half walk, half crawl, to the treadmill; her stuffed holes
  were hugely stretched and the tiniest movement was agony. She grabbed the handles,
  pulling herself up carefully, an inch at a time, trying to avoid causing herself
  more pain than she had to.  
 Mike reached for the clips on the ends of the electrical leads and clipped
  one to each of the metal rings at the base of the metal probes deeply embedded
  in her sensitive sex flesh. Then he took hard, jagged toothed alligator clips
  and clamped them over her nipples as he gave her instructions. "You will walk,
  jog, and finally run on this treadmill at my command. When you slow down, you
  will be shocked. You must maintain your speed in order to avoid being shocked
  to your nipples, ass, cunt, and pisshole."  
Ji Na squealed. "Oh, God&hellip;I h-h-have t-to run with these in me?" she
  stared at the wires coming off the probes in her crotch. "No, please, please,
  don't do this to me, I swear I will never be lazy again, Please, Master&hellip;" but
  her complaints stopped with a cry as the treadmill started moving, and she
  was compelled to walk. Mike let her walk for five minutes, watching her get
  used to the probes in her body, then increased the speed. She jogged for ten
  minutes, ran for five, then dropped to a walk again.  
 The guests sat back in their chairs and started eating, sometimes talking,
  sometimes watching. Every so often an agonized feminine scream would fill the
  dining chamber as the girl was shocked for dropping her speed.  
 Dinner lasted two hours. It was two hours of sheer torture for Ji Na, and
  by the time the last guest rose from the table, she was a sobbing, shaking,
  exhausted wreck. Ryan nodded to Mike, who stopped the treadmill, and watched
  as the girl sagged to her knees. "Please, Master," she begged them both, "P-p-please
  release me. I promise, I will never be lazy again!"  
 Ryan smiled at the true penitence in her voice. "You are forgiven. Mike,
  release her and take her down to her cell. Don't worry about tying her to her
  bed." He kissed her and left the dining hall. Just before the door closed,
  he heard her weak scream as Mike yanked the probe from her tortured urethra.  
The Second Night  
 Ryan nodded to Lin, who left and came back with his bitch, Colleen. "This
  is slave Colleen. She is the very personification of envy. You see, one of
  my other girls, Carmen, has piercings all over her body, and Colleen likes
  the way they look. She treats Carmen spitefully because she is jealous of those
  piercings. She has long wanted them, but I did not see fit to grant them to
  her. Tonight, she will see that what she envies may not be what she wants.
  She will receive those piercings she wished; those and many more." He nodded
  to the end of the room. "As you see, I have rigged two cameras around the table;
  they will feed images to the large videoscreen on the wall behind her. One
  will be trained on her face, so we can see the agony her envy has brought her;
  and another where we can see the body part being pierced." He nodded to Lin,
  who led Colleen to the table.  
 The table was randomly spiked over its top with small hard pebbles. Colleen
  gave a sharp gasp as she was compelled to lie down on them, and her arms were
  pulled over her head and strapped to the top of the table. Her legs were pulled
  apart, fitted to specially constructed stirrups on either side of the table,
  and strapped in. Then Lin started.  
 Using steel piercing needles sterilized in a charcoal brazier, he gripped
  her lip carefully and ran the needle through. Colleen screamed as the hot needle
  instantly cauterized the flesh it was passed through, and Lin waited until
  the worst of the pan had gone before rotating the needle, ensuring that it
  didn't stick to the flesh. Then he picked up a barbell and pushed it through
  the newly pierced flesh, drawing out the needle as he did so. She screamed,
  her face twisting in torment. She wasn't a painslut; she didn't like pain.
  As a result, this would be torture, since she wouldn't be able to translate
  the pain to pleasure.  
 Lin did three through her lower lip; one through the middle, two on either
  side. Then he inserted a dental gag, to hold her mouth open while he pierced
  her tongue and cheeks. Her eyebrow was next, at the end of which she passed
  out from the pain of having so many red-hot needles piercing her face. He brought
  her around with smelling salts.  
 The guests around Ryan's table, and Ryan himself, watched as Lin used a
  long skewer to pierce her breasts at the base. Instead of putting two separate
  piercings there, however, he had gotten from somewhere a long steel bar, which
  he heated and then passed into the hole on the left side of her left tit, out
  the right side if the same tit, allowed the bar to cross her cleavage, and
  then passed it through the left side of her right tit and finally out through
  the right side of her right tit, just in front of her armpit. She now effectively
  had a bar of steel running between her breasts. She screamed for a long time,
  pleading hoarsely that she was no longer envious, she didn't want piercings,
  please TAKE THEM OUT! But Lin was inexorable, and he continued with a piercing
  on each nipple. He put a regular barbell in the flesh for now, though later
  when they healed if Ryan wished the separate barbells could be replaced with
  a single bar of steel as he had done with the base of her breasts.  
 Then he moved lower. Her navel was already pierced; he simply exchanged
  the small, glittery rhinestone charm with a thicker gauge ring, then moved
  down between her thighs. Sensing what was to come, she thrashed in agony, screaming,
  pleading, begging for mercy, for release. She promised them she would suck
  them, they could fuck her anywhere they wanted, if they would just stop, or
  let her rest&hellip;and then she fainted. Ryan shook his head no to Lin's inquiring
  look, and Lin waved smelling salts under her nose to wake her before commencing
  with her lower piercings.  
 One piercing went through her hood, and one right at the base of her oh-so-sensitive
  clit. Three went into her large, fleshy outer labia lips, three on her inner
  labia. Then he inserted a speculum, opened her up so wide she screamed in agony
  with the stretch, and reached in to the front wall of her vagina. Using a curved
  needle, he pierced the tissue of her vaginal wall and then inserted a ring.
  Reaching in there with a soldering iron, he proceeded to solder it closed,
  ignoring her shrill screams of agony at the burning, stabbing , horrific agony
  in her most sensitive spot. He'd pierced her G-spot with a ring. It wouldn't
  be felt much if a man wanted to fuck her; that wasn't what it was for. He picked
  up a chain and clipped it to her vaginal ring. Then he unstrapped her.  
She could barely stand; but she was compelled to, because the light tugs
  he was giving to the leash attached to the ring now permanently embedded in
  her sensitive tissue hurt like hell. Lin knew that the pain would eventually
  go away, and she would get used to having a foreign object in her cunt, but
  she would never be able to ignore the humiliation she felt at being led around
  by the embedded ring. He led her around the room, stopping to let each guest
  tug on her breast bar and nipple barbells, and by the time the last guest rose,
  they had all loudly proclaimed themselves extremely pleased with her new jewelry.  
She hated it. And she had learned to be careful what she wished for!  
The Third Night  
 Ryan rose from the table as Ayesha was brought in the third night. "This
  slut," he said coolly, "is always touching herself, always begging to be used.
  She is a walking advertisement for lust. She has been repeatedly and soundly
  punished, the last time whipped to unconsciousness, but she has not yet learned
  her lesson. So tonight, we will remove the object of her temptation. Her handler
  Ali has asked to be married to her, and I feel that, in keeping with the traditions
  of her home country, she should be wed to him as an infibulated bride. She
  took her own virginity long before now, but thanks to this procedure, she will
  be as tight as a virgin on her wedding night. And she will bleed like one as
  well."  
 Ayesha, understanding suddenly what he meant to do, screamed. "No, please!
  You can't do that!' She reared against the leash Ali held, fighting the chain
  around her neck, and Ali was forced to ask for one of the other handlers' help.
  Mike obliged. Together he and Ali dragged the kicking, protesting, screaming
  girl across the room to where a single chain hung from the ceiling.  
 They wrapped leather shackles around her wrists, then effortlessly hauled
  her ankles up off the floor and shackled her ankles to the same chain. She
  hung now from the chain, helpless, doubled over. Her sex peeped out between
  her thighs, and despite her frantic screaming, there was moisture apparent
  at her pussy lips. She had shaved that morning, so her pussy was free of hair.  
 Ali grabbed a long, thin, whippy cane. "Thirty," Ryan said from the table. "For
  resisting a command given her by her Masters." Ali nodded.  
 Swish  went the cane through the air. Thwick!  it
  said as it slapped against her labia. "AGGGHH!!" screamed Ayesha. And so it
  went. Swish, thwick  , scream, swish, thwick  ,
  scream. She passed out at twenty-five; her labia were grossly swollen and bleeding
  where two well placed strokes had cut the delicate folds. Ali picked up the
  bottle of smelling salts and woke her, then commenced caning her sex, focusing
  now on her clitoris, which swelled under the abuse until it protruded from
  under its hood, red and throbbing. Then Ali took a small knife that had been
  honed to scalpel sharpness and heated in the small charcoal brazier, and placed
  it at the top of her clit hood. As she screamed in agony, he leisurely sawed
  through the flesh, ignoring the stench of burned girl meat, and finally a small
  lump of dark flesh lay on the floor under the hanging girl. The white-hot knife
  had cauterized the wound, so there was very little blood after that.  
He had cut off her clit and inner labia, leaving the outer labia intact.
  She would still have labia there to torment, to cane and whip if he wanted
  to, but her little nub of female pleasure was irrevocably gone. She sobbed
  and screamed, cursing Ryan and Ali both for mutilating her, and Ali, angry
  with her foul words, picked up a flogger and struck her exposed back and thighs
  until she passed out.  
Ryan's voice was unexpectedly gentle. "Take her down, put her in her cell,
  and tie her to her cot with her legs open. The surgeon will meet you there
  to examine her and stitch her up." Ali nodded, and he and Mike got Ayesha down
  and exited the hall with her limp body, to the sound of applause from the guests.
  The young Arabic girl truly had been punished for her lust!  
The Fourth Night  
 It was Tamika's turn the next night. She had, Ryan decided, been guilty
  of wrath; her anger was apparent in her eyes every time she saw her husband
  Stephen indulging in another girl's cunt. For this she would get a paddling,
  because her husband was her master. She was not supposed to get jealous if
  her Master decided to use another slave.  
 It sounded like a mild punishment, as these things went, and some of the
  guests looked skeptical. Tamika herself made no protest as she was led willingly
  to the whipping frame.  
 It was only after she was secured that Stephen himself produced the real
  source of her pain; a huge anal plug, even larger than the one shoved into
  Ji Na's ass the first night. Ridged and gnarled, it was fully twelve inches
  long, made of hard wood, and she cried, sobbing out that it would never fit,
  never go all the way in. Stephen set out to prove her wrong, lubing the dildo
  up and pressing it against her anus. The thing was almost the size of the wide
  end of a beer bottle; it didn't go in without a fight. Tamika was screaming
  in agony as the bulbous head of the enormous plug slid several inches into
  her bowels. Muscular reactions took over, and she started grunting like a pig
  as her body tried to shit out the intruder. It was useless, and in fact only
  helped the insertion as Stephen inched it along into her rectum.  
 Then the paddling started. Stephen had chosen a long, heavy wooden paddle,
  an instrument much like a boat oar with holes drilled into its surface to cut
  down on air resistance. It came down with a solid, heavy thwack!  on
  her behind, and she screamed in pain not only with the impact from the blow
  but also from the pain of having the gnarled dildo slammed further into her
  tortured anus. Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!   
 By the time she had gotten the fifty slaps Ryan had decreed she should take,
  the plug was rammed tight up to its base in her stretched hole, she had fainted
  twice, and she was screaming for mercy. "I will&mdash;never&mdash;oh, God,
  please&mdash;I'll never give into my wrath again! Please, don't hit me anymore!
  Please!" She flinched, screamed as the paddle came down one last time on buttocks
  that had gone from ebony to crimson and now were rapidly shading down to purple-black.
  Maybe not so evident on her dark skin, but she would feel it for weeks, maybe
  months, afterward, The muscles had been deeply bruised, and she wouldn't be
  able to sit for a very long time. "Are you sorry?" Stephen said to her, tapping
  the shaft filling her rectum. She squealed in pain, then nodded, sobbing. "Then
  I will take this out. Do you want it out?"  
 "Yes!"  
"Then be silent while I take it out."  
Of course, that was impossible, but she did her level best not to make much
  more noise than a squeak. Stephen patted her approvingly and let her out of
  the room. She was walking quite carefully!  
The Fifth Night  
 Natasha stood suffering.  
 Ryan had decided to punish her greed. Small sharp fishhooks had been pushed
  through her nipples and either side of her labia, and a small dish, much like
  the kind used on weighing scales in ancient times, were placed on the fishhooks.
  The plates were brass, and heavy. That would have been torment enough, but
  Ryan had ordered Pablo to bring Natasha's entire store of money. For each paper
  bill he substituted a coin of equal value; and ordered the coins placed on
  the dish.  
"Now, as penance for her greed, she must endure the weight of all those coins
  hanging from her labia and breasts. As you see, she has amassed quite a pile
  here; she will decide when her own greed has weighted her down enough. She
  only has to say 'enough' and we will cease adding coins. She will keep what
  she can hold in her dishes; the rest she forfeits. If she cannot carry her
  wealth, she doesn't need it." He nodded to Pablo. "Begin."  
Clink. Clink. Clink. The measured clink of the coins dropping into the dishes
  suspended from her nipples and labia was at first the only sound, but as the
  weight increased, so did Natasha's pained gasps. She was determined to hold
  out; she had earned that money, both by fighting the other girls for it and
  by her own pain when she was loaned out of the manor to Ryan's friends. But
  as more and more weight was added, the hooks tore deeper and deeper through
  her flesh, and finally, when barely half the pile was in the dishes hanging
  from her teats and cunt, she screamed, "Enough! Oh please, Master Pablo, Master
  Ryan, I'm sorry!&hellip;please&hellip;please&hellip;take them off!" She was
  sobbing openly in agony.  
Ryan smiled. "Not yet, my dear, you have to prove you can be responsible
  for what you're carrying there. Pablo will give you a whipping; ten strokes
  with a cat o' nine on your back, and you must not drop a single coin. If you
  drop it, you don't get it back. Do you understand?"  
"Oh, God!" Natasha wailed, bursting into tears. With her head held up by
  the noose around it, and her wrist shackles linked to her collar, she was helpless
  to use her hands to defend herself, or hold up the dishes. The next moment,
  tears gave way to screams as she felt the first stroke of the cat on her back.
  She couldn't bear it, she couldn't&hellip; "Please, Master Ryan!" she screamed
  in agony as the second stroke laid open her back again. "Please, please, take
  it all, I don't want it, I swear I don't want it, you can't do this to me,
  I'll die, take it all!"  
Ryan paused, smiling gently. "Are you sure? Not even a little coin left?"  
"All!" Natasha babbled hysterically. She wasn't a painslut. Her specialty
  was giving blowjobs, something she was good at and which didn't involve a lot
  of pain. "Please, Master Ryan, please!"  
He took the dish of coins off her left nipple, accompanied by her cry of
  relief. Pablo pulled the barbed fishhook out of her tit meat and dropped the
  bloody thing carefully into the dish. They did the same to her other nipple,
  then to her cunt. Then Ryan said cruelly, "And now that we've relieved you
  of the weight, Pablo, give her the rest of the lashes she's owed for her greed."  
To their surprise, Natasha didn't protest. "Please!" she begged Pablo. "Please
  punish me, I deserve it, make it hurt, just don't put those hooks on me again!"  
Pablo brought the cat down on her back again. Natasha screamed.  
She passed out on the sixth stroke, and Ryan briefly considered letting her
  go, then signaled for her to be roused and her whipping continue. Which it
  did, until she had taken all ten strokes. Then he gestured, and Pablo led the
  shaking, sobbing girl out of the room, again to the applause of the assembled
  guests.  
The Sixth Night  
 "As you can see from her figure, while Carmen bears a striking resemblance
  to the Latino movie and singing star, she is nowhere near as fit as she should
  be. The reason is because she over indulges at the dinner table. So she will
  now be punished for her gluttony.  
 "Before her you see a dish of cold, congealed dog food. And there is a dish
  of water from the dog bowl. She will be compelled to eat and drink all of that
  by the time the last stroke of the tawse is laid across her back. She is to
  get twenty lashes. If she finishes by the end of those twenty strokes, she
  will be done with her punishment. If she is not, if she refuses, she will be
  sent to her cell and fed nothing but cold wet dog food and pond water until
  she does agree to eat it.  
 "No!" Carmen cried, staring at the horrible mess before her. "I will not
  eat that! I can't! I'll get sick!"  
 Ryan was pitiless. "Begin." Patrick raised the tawse.  
 Ten strokes into her whipping, Carmen lowered her face to the food and began
  to eat. The last stroke was just falling, and she was screaming while trying
  to gulp down the last disgusting mouthful, when her stomach rebelled and she
  vomited all over the plate.  
 Ryan eyed the disgusting mess in front of her, feeling cheated out of the
  night's entertainment. "Well, she did eat most of it. But I'm afraid that was
  nullified by her prompt vomiting. Patrick; take her downstairs and put her
  in her cell. Dog food for the next week, and dog water. Nothing else, That
  should teach her the error of her ways." He turned to his guests. "I am sorry
  our night's entertainment was ruined, let us hope tomorrow night's entertainment
  will be more cooperative."  
The Seventh Night  
 Trudy had been saved for the last evening's entertainment, and in preparation
  for it she had been compelled to retain water. She had had a catheter forced
  into her piss channel and clamped to avoid the possibility of her expelling
  the contents of her overfull bladder, and her rectum had been filled with a
  huge three-and-a-half quart enema which made her look like she was in her last
  trimester of pregnancy.  
 Derrick led her in, and the guests laughed as they watched her waddle. Her
  swollen belly was grossly distended, and the ball gag stuffed between her lips
  did little to stifle her cries of discomfort.  
 "Now, Trudy, you will beg your African Master for permission to relieve
  your bowels and bladder. Swallow your pride, humble yourself before him, and
  beg, and you will be shown mercy." Derrick removed the ball gag from Trudy's
  mouth and waited for her to speak.  
Trudy was in such pain she would have done anything to be able to empty her
  bladder. "Please, Master Derrick!" she fell to her knees, her tied hands grabbing
  for but not quite reaching the plug in her ass holding the enema in her bowels. "Please,
  please, please, let me go to the bathroom!"  
Derrick made a tsking sound. "Whose slut bitch are you, cunt?" he snarled
  at her.  
She didn't dare raise her eyes. "You, Master!"  
"Then refer to yourself as such."  
Trudy tried again. "Please, please, Master Derrick, please let your slave
  relieve herself!"  
"Better." Derrick pretended to consider, then he said, "I'll let you relieve
  yourself, on one condition. You must beg to suck me until I come. Then do it.
  Then I'll let you empty yourself. How's that?"  
By that time Trudy was in so much pain she would have agreed to anything
  just to be able to relieve herself. "Yes, anything! Please, Master Derrick,
  please, let me suck your big black cock until you cum! I'll swallow! Please!"  
Derrick obliged her, unzipping his pants and offering her his nine-incher
  to suck. As she took him in her mouth, he growled, "The sooner you make me
  cum, the better! Hurry up!"  
She applied herself to sucking him off with far more enthusiasm than she'd
  ever shown before. Derrick tried extremely hard not to cum, and in fact held
  off until her agonized body made her desperate. She opened her throat and swallowed
  him down, deep-throating him, and Derrick couldn't hold out any longer. He
  shot his load in her mouth.  
He dragged a bucket out, and made her straddle it. Then he put the end of
  her catheter tube in it, and released the clamp. Trudy almost screamed with
  relief as her bladder emptied, and closed her eyes. She didn't seem to care
  that everyone was watching. They knew she was former KKK; and seeing her humbled
  like this was intensely satisfying. And then Derrick removed the plug from
  her ass, and she screamed again as a river of slightly-brownish water flooded
  into the bucket between her parted legs. Afterwards she stayed in position,
  letting him piss on her belly and thighs, watched it drip into the bucket,
  then went to her knees in front of him and licked him dry with her pink tongue.  
Everyone agreed that that was the best night out of the seven.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jaeangel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





