BDSM Library - My Object All Sublime




My Object All Sublime
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ange have a little list: Sloth, envy, ...My Object All Sublime   
Out of blackness, a sharp stab of violet light becomes a blue sky all around,
  rapidly joined by rolling green hills far below, a yellow sun, and if there
  was anything red to see that would come last, but there isn't.  
Hello to those who are along for the ride today. I am Ange, and
      it is my locator you are linked to. I work as a changer for the Total Power
      Exchange and the idea of today's exercise is to give you a flavour of my
      work so that you will know how we do things here.   
Everyone linked in? Right. Each day, I get a series of tasks arranged
      in what we at TPE call 'a list'. Everyone familiar with the concept? Good.
      Here is today's list: Sloth, Envy, Greed, Lust, Pride, Wrath, Gluttony.
      Another day I might get a different list: Washington, Adams, Jefferson &hellip; or
      Violet, Indigo, Blue &hellip; or whatever. We should be able to get through
      at least the first two in today's list while you are linked in.   
So, 'Sloth'. Not sure what that is, so I use my descriptor to tell
      me. Apparently a sloth is a slow-moving, tree-dwelling, tropical American
      edentate mammal. It is early in the day and my descriptor may not be working
      at its full capacity. The descriptor? Well, it's like an eye &hellip; or
      a fridge. Better analogy: it's like a person in a book with headphones
      on &hellip; No? Anyway, you'll all see what it can do. You'll probably
learn how to use it, as we go through the day.  
Let's all find out what the sloth is as we go, eh? Now, steady
      yourselves while I use my locator. Where are we now? Looks like England.
I'll just take us to the place where the sloth is. Everyone steady?  
Blue leaches out of the sky, green out the grass, everything becomes a dull
  red glow fading away to black, gradually cooling, until another stab of violet
  leading to blue walls, greenery seen through a window, sunlight falling on
  yellow surfaces, with rather a lot of red and white plates.  
It's a kitchen. It's not very clean. The floor is grubby. The sink is overflowing
  with those red and white plates; the yellow work surface beside it has a complete
  set of used pans and cooking utensils; hooks and shelves around the walls are
  empty because everything needs washing. There are food stains on the cooker
  and on the wall beside it. The table is overflowing with a pile of clothes
  that also need washing. A full black rubbish bag stands beside the overfull
  yellow rubbish bin. Outside the window, a lush late summer garden needs tending,
  especially the lawn.  
My descriptor tells me that this time of day is normally given
      to preparing the evening meal. Maybe there's something more important to
      do. I'll just adjust the perspective &hellip;   
In the hallway there is dust on the umbrella stand. In the lounge there is
  a disorderly pile of newspapers and magazines beside the couch. Back in the
  hallway there is another newspaper lying by the front door. There are finger
  marks on the banister rail of the stairs.  
Upstairs, in the bedroom there is finally somebody there. Warmed by the late-afternoon
  sun, a naked young woman sprawls on the unmade bed, her legs wide open, her
  eyes closed. She has brown wavy shoulder-length hair and smooth curves at breast
  and hip. Her legs are long and shapely and her untrimmed pubic bush is the
  same colour as her head hair. She is gently stroking one breast.  
According to the descriptor her name is Karen and she is married
      to a man called Mike, who'll be arriving home from work within the hour.
      You'd think she'd keep things clean for him.   
From the image the descriptor provides, Mike is tall, dark, and broad-shouldered,
  but his conditioning is poor. His muscles do not match his size and there is
  some flab.  
There is a paperback book open face down on the bed beside Karen. The cover
  is mostly black with a black-and-white illustration showing a tall, slim, blonde
  woman in a black basque, black stockings, and shiny high-heeled shoes. She
  is blindfolded and is kneeling with both arms held out palms upward offering
  a schoolmaster's cane to the viewer. The title of the book is 'Object of His
  Affections'.  
Karen starts to pull and pinch at her breast, her other hand creeping down
  towards her crotch and gently touching her slit.  
My locator is telling me that Karen is imagining a second location.
      Hold tight, darlings.   
A swift violet streak through the bedroom incorporates the other colours
  quickly so that Karen's imagined scene is now visible as well as her reality.
  The descriptor adds a label, 'slave k', to the woman in that scene.  
She is a younger, taller, tauter, tanned version of Karen wearing what at
  first glance appears to be a golden bikini. Although the top part holds and
  lifts her breasts, it covers nothing. The bottom part hides far more than a
  modern swimsuit would. It is a golden chastity belt with an intricate lacy
  patterned surface over a metal framework. It is unclear precisely what, if
  anything, the lock fixes together. In the bedroom, Karen's discarded clothes
  are very different: washed-out red tee shirt, blue jeans, an old and frayed
  black bra.  
The house in the fantasy is much larger and more luxurious than Karen's.
  Slave k is in a large, tall room with vaguely Victorian paintings on the wood-panelled
  walls and several large windows. She is dusting. As her hands are somehow fixed
  behind her back, she is reduced to using her breasts to rub a duster on the
  window ledge, which arouses k's nipples more than it cleans the surface. Karen
  sighs deeply as she strokes her own nipple to the same state as k's. The afternoon
  sun shines through the open window, causing beads of sweat to appear on k's
  brow as she works. Karen is sweating more profusely, on her face and neck,
  between her breasts, across her shoulders.  
A man who looks like Mike but slimmer and better muscled approaches k. The
  descriptor labels him 'Overseer'. He wears formal servant's clothes. A short
  whip hangs from his belt. Karen's breathing becomes more ragged as k bites
  her lip in fear of this man who clearly has power over her. As he reaches the
  window she is working at, he casually slaps k's buttock as Karen rolls sideways
  to slap her own cheek hard leaving it red. Where k was struck a clear reddened
  handprint appears; Karen feels the sting of both slaps.  
Slave k falls to her knees, begging the overseer for time to finish her work.
  Karen, once more on her back, mutters k's words, tasting the guilt, matching
  the tight, fearful breathing, touching the wetness between her legs and stroking
  herself rhythmically.  
The fantasy scene suddenly skips to a time when k's work is finished. The
  overseer is examining the result. He seizes k by a nipple and drags her to
  a window where he has found a late summer wasp. Karen recalls from the book
  how k, naked, bound, and vulnerable, fears its sting, but it is already dead.
  Karen is pinching and stretching her own pink nipple, moaning in pain, and
  stroking her labia with the other hand, sometimes dipping a finger between
  them.  
Slave k, fearful now of the overseer's whip, throws herself at his feet,
  trying to kiss his shoes, which have somehow become curl-toed slippers out
  of the Arabian Nights. The room and the overseer's costume have taken on the
  look of this more exotic milieu, Karen's preferred fantasy it seems. Instead
  of polished floorboards, k feels the thick pile of a Persian carpet rough against
  her nipples. The overseer grunts an order in some imagined Arabic and k kneels
  up, her legs apart. He rubs his slipper against her crotch (wasn't
  there a chastity belt there?)  judging her wetness. Karen is pinching
  and scratching at her own crotch, embracing the humiliation.  
The overseer unhooks the whip from his belt and it becomes a cane as he does
  so. Slave k is crying, shaking, begging, apologising for the wasp, and for
  her failure. Karen mumbles. Her head gives little jerks, making k's distress
  her own. Her hips move with the rhythm of her fingers which ,  have
  zeroed in on her clitoris  
The overseer's cane falls; k cringes in pain; Karen jolts and cries out quietly
  as if she too has been hit. Slave k jerks, shouts, and writhes to avoid the
  repeated, relentless, merciless strokes of the cane. As she moves, the blows
  fall all over her body. Red stripes appear wherever the cane lands. Karen's
  whole body begins to redden, her own nipples tightening and deepening in colour
  from pink to carmine, the pace of her fingers on her clitoris rising. She moans
  in rhythm with the blows as they fall and her other hand creeps down her belly
  towards her vagina.  
Dropping the cane, the overseer lifts k by her hair and, throwing her on
  to the edge of a sudden newly and conveniently present table, unlocks her chastity
  belt (it's back!)  and vigorously takes her from behind.
  His weight crushes her breasts against the table, presses her bound hands and
  arms between their bodies. His fat bulbous cock slides easily into k's slick
  cunt as Karen plunges the fingers of her other hand into her own vagina, and
  the thrusting of the overseer, the rhythm of Karen's moans, and the rubbing
  of her clitoris bring Karen and slave k to their single climax.  
Karen turns on her side, her hands held between her thighs, and dozes sweatily,
  smiling. The rich purples and blues of the Arabian Nights d&eacute;cor fade;
  the green lawns beyond the window, the gold of the slave's bra, the red welts
  on her body follow, and the fantasy has gone.  
Mike walks into the room. He shouts, "You lazy little &hellip;" He is too
  polite to finish the sentence. "I've been hard at it all day but there's nothing
  done here. The kitchen's a wreck, those papers are still lying all over the
  floor, and the bed isn't even made."  
He picks up the book. Karen looks sheepish and tries to find her knickers.
  He reads satirically from the back of the book cover. "'Her name was taken
  away and she was forced to serve as a slave in her new husband's luxurious
  home.'  
"Have you been playing with yourself all day over this?" He throws the book
  at her. It hits her face. "If you were really a slave you'd have to keep this
  place clean and tidy and make my dinner on time at least." He begins to turn
  to leave the room.  
You know, he didn't even hit her, really. She's done nothing but
      diddle her little button all day and she's got away with it. He's even
      about to go out and get his own meal. Well, I think I know what to do here.
      Little Ange can deal with this problem.    
   
Now, I'm going to use the locator to fix this, but this will be
      a different kind of transition. The locator? It changes things. It's like
      a pump &hellip; or an imagination with teeth. Okay, do you know what a
      supernova is? No? I think you're just going to have to experience it and
      understand it that way, ducks. Anyway, no-one should be alarmed when things
      change. Okay?   
An explosion of light, each colour, each individual wavelength, separately
  present, but all simultaneous. Then black. And then the colours return: the
  violet stab, the blue of Karen's jeans lying on the grubby green carpet, the
  yellow curtains, Mike's tan suit, the red tee-shirt and Karen's blushing face.  
Nothing is different. But &hellip;  
As Mike turns to leave, Karen licks her lips and says, "Would you like to
  have a slave to do those things? And do whatever you want in bed?"  
Mike turns back. "You're kidding me, right?"  
"No, I read books like that for a reason, you know. I read them and get no
  work done because they're about what I want to be."  
"Really? Would I have to hit you all the time?"  
"Only if I didn't do as I was told. I'd only need to be afraid  that
  you'd hit me. But you could if you wanted to, you'd be in charge."  
"I wouldn't know what to do."  
Karen picks up the book. "I've got dozens of these. I'll show you the best
  ones."  
I think she's going to persuade him, don't you? Big strapping lad
      like him, too. Let's skip forward a bit while they get the details organised,
      hey? Transition time!   
One by one the colours fade away, the blush of Karen's face and upper body
  fading last to black, then the familiar return of the colours in order becoming
  Karen's kitchen, now spotless, the ingredients for a meal laid out on the work
  surface beside the cooker.  
Karen rushes in awkwardly. She is still mostly naked. Around her neck is
  locked a leather collar. She has black leather ankle cuffs linked by a hobble
  chain making her steps short and precarious as she enters. She also has a very
  practical black-and-silver chastity belt, much stricter than slave k's was.
  This lock clearly locks the waist-belt to the crotch piece. This one will stay
  put until someone unlocks it. She carries a duster and a bottle of some cleaning
  spray. She puts them away in a cupboard below the draining board, washes her
  hands, glances at the clock, and gets on with the cooking.  
That task looks a bit mechanical. Let's all look at the rest of
      the house while she does that, shall we?    
   
The rest of the house is spotless too. The lounge is tidy. There is no dust
  in the hallway; there are no finger marks on the stairs. Upstairs the bed is
  made and there are no clothes (or books) lying around. Back downstairs there
  is a whippy cane in the umbrella stand.  
In the kitchen the meal goes into the oven. Karen looks at the clock again
  and bustles into the hallway carrying a pair of metal handcuffs. She checks
  her hair in the mirror, kneels facing the front door, and carefully cuffs her
  hands behind her back. She waits.  
Mike arrives home. Karen blinks realising her naked breasts are briefly visible
  to the street outside until he closes the door. He gives her a strict look
  reminiscent of the overseer, puts down his briefcase, removes his jacket, and
  hangs it up. "I hope you've done all your chores right on your first day as
  a slave." She knows not to answer. Inspecting the hallway, he selects the cane
  from the umbrella stand then walks through into the lounge.  
Everything he sees is clean and tidy until he looks at the window-ledge.
  There, he finds a newly-dead late-summer wasp. He considers whether she could
  be held responsible for it, then shrugs and draws the curtains. He bursts back
  into the hallway and, grabbing Karen by a nipple, drags her squealing through
  to look at the wasp. This is far worse than she imagined; the hobble makes
  her stumble and she fears a fall might really hurt her.  
"Look at that. You call that clean? Is it tidy?"  
She swallows, "No, Master." She glances at the cane in his hand. She is frightened.
  Her nipples tighten. The chastity belt feels uncomfortable.  
"Now, what would be a suitable punishment?" he muses. "Count the stripes
  on the wasp, Karen."  
She looks at it. "Two by the wings and six further back."  
"Okay, very suitable. Bend over for your six." She bends and he slowly and
  deliberately applies six strokes of the cane to her buttocks. After two she
  is biting her lip, on the third she cries out, on the fourth she cries tears.
  On the fifth stroke she loses her balance slightly and, sobbing, forces herself
  back into the right position. The sixth stroke, applied, whether deliberately
  or not, directly on the red mark left by an earlier one, leaves her on the
  floor sobbing and bawling with pain and humiliation. "Now stand up for the
  two near the wings." She stands slowly, her body heaving with sobs, unsure
  of what to expect, until she realises she is to have her breasts caned. Her
  hands, cuffed behind her, cannot help her.  
"Please, Master. The wasp wasn't &hellip;"  
"Silence, slave." She looks at the cane and stops talking. "Stand straight." She
  is resigned, now. He is clearly going to do it. On her first day. The cane
  falls across her breasts. Briefly, she can see the red lines feel the length
  of the pain. Then floods of tears and sobs wracking her body mean she cannot
  see or think of anything else but pain. "Be still." With an effort she stills
  her sobbing. The cane lands again. She falls to the floor with a howl.  
The descriptor indicates all the places where she hurts. This is far more
  than she ever wanted or imagined. But the descriptor also indicates where she
  is aroused: her nipples visible tight and erect, her labia puffy and wet and
  her clitoris engorged inside the chastity belt.  
She reaches for his feet kissing his shoes and apologising guiltily for all
  of her failures. He accepts her apology and lifts her to a standing position.
  Retrieving her keys from his pocket, he releases her hands and sends her to
  serve his meal. While he eats, she kneels on the kitchen floor near his feet,
  humbled, hurting, and needing sex more than she ever imagined possible.  
He leaves some of the meal on his plate and puts it on the floor for her.
  She looks at the food but eating isn't what she wants to do. "Any questions,
  slave?"  
"Please, Master, could Master fuck his slave? She wants to please him in
  every way."  
"Well, her Master used up a lot of energy beating her for disobedience. I
  don't think she deserves any sex. I'm going to watch the match. Maybe you can
  suck me later. Eat that and clean up. Then, wait here in the kitchen. Quietly." He
  goes to the lounge to watch the football on television.  
Karen weeps as she eats the few scraps he has left her, then washes the dishes
  and cleans all the surfaces. As the evening draws in she feels cold, rejected,
  her welts stinging, her breasts and arms goose-pimpled. She is still weeping
  gently, still ready for sex, as she kneels to wait for him. She can't even
  masturbate now unless he allows her to. This real chastity belt cannot be imagined
  away. Mike, happy with his slave, drowses in front of the post-game show, then
  remembers. "Slave. You can come through and suck me now."  
She takes no risks and crawls through to the lounge. He has already opened
  his fly and his fat cock, half erect, is visible. This is the only way back
  into favour. She starts to kiss and lick it, stroking the base of it with her
  hands. She concentrates on pleasing him, opening her mouth wide and sucking
  it deep inside, then releasing and starting again. He is smiling, anticipating
  a life where this, or better, is how all his evenings end.  
Looks like my work is done here. Everybody gets what they want.
      My guess is she'll have to suck quite a few times before she gets fucked.
      But she'll enjoy it all the more for having to wait. I'd love to hang around
      and watch him getting some but we have to get on.   
   
Let's see what's next on the list. Envy. Funny word. Only need
      the middle two letters, really. Brace yourselves.   
   
The scene fades away; the redness of Mike's cock and in Karen's eyes and
  lips is the last colour left before blackness and then that sharp violet moment
  brings in the blue of a man's suit, dark green armchairs, the brown tints of
  coffee in white cups, a maroon carpet.  
This is a luxurious room with several comfortable armchairs, book-lined walls,
  and racks with newspapers. Two men sit in chairs facing one another. Coffee
  cups sit on the table between them. The descriptor is becoming easier to use,
  giving information about them without conscious effort.  
Jamie is thirty years old, blond, strong-looking, and determined. His green
  eyes match his designer sweater. His expressive hands illustrate his conversation
  with easy flowing motions. He shows a great respect for the man he is talking
  to, nodding when the other speaks, deferring to the points he makes. Carl is
  forty-five, stocky, dark-eyed, and dark-haired, with a short carefully tended
  beard and a neat blue suit. He is confident in himself and affable, but with
  a streak of cruelty about him as if he were somebody else in other company,
  the savage in society.  
"Of course," says Carl, "I don't have the kind of resources you can draw
  on." Jamie inclines his head in agreement but contrives to suggest with his
  hands that it doesn't matter to him that Carl is less financially successful. "But
  I make sure that there is always sufficient equipment in the playroom." There
  is a glint in Carl's eye as he smiles playfully. "She deserves the best I can
  give her, even if she can't match your slave for beauty."  
"Lauren is beautiful, isn't she? I'm very lucky she belongs to me. Your Stephanie,
  though, must be marvellous to have as a slave." Though Jamie is unable to say
  that Stephanie is beautiful, he clearly finds her desirable. "Everyone in the
  lifestyle remarks on her pain tolerance. You are a very lucky man, Carl." Carl
  gives a feral grin.  
The two women arrive in the doorway of the room each carrying bags from several
  stores. Lauren is indeed beautiful. She is twenty-eight, petite, and blonde.
  Her radiant beauty comes from the smile that fills her whole face and the way
  she holds her head to show her elaborate silver collar. Her body is also held
  proudly, her full breasts in perfect proportion to her small frame.  
Stephanie is thirty-five, taller than Carl and a little thin. Her jaw is
  rather square and her mouth wider than most people's in relation to her face.
  She is very conscious that her breasts are small and too obviously of different
  sizes. She blushes slightly hearing Jamie talking about her, but grins lasciviously
  when she hears what he has to say. Jamie looks straight at her, his desire
  blatant. She blushes again. Carl doesn't notice; he is trying not to stare
  at Lauren.  
At this point I don't know why I am here, but this is obviously
      about these men and their women. Let's have a quick look at what goes on,
      eh? Might be fun to watch. Recent memories from each of them. Ready?   
The clubroom fades into the background and two criss-crossing violet streaks
  bring us two new scenes with low lighting. A wooden X-cross, a spotlight shining
  on its intersection, is the centre-piece of a room filled with pounding rock
  music. The other room is slow to be visible as there is only red light there,
  falling on red plush cushions. The music here is gentle, like many slow soft
  bells in inevitable never-repeating patterns. Lauren kneels here, naked but
  for her silver collar, her hands clasped behind her neck, smiling at a naked
  Jamie.  
Carl, dressed in a loose white open-chested shirt and leather trousers, drags
  a naked Stephanie towards the cross. She resists, digging her heels in and
  struggling, but cannot prevail against the vicious choke-chain around her neck.
  Other chains hang from her wrists and ankles.  
Jamie orders Lauren to crawl to him. The velvet cushions stroke her hands
  and legs as she crawls. She is very aroused. Her Master's nudity signals that
  he has decided to use her body. Jamie watches her crawling, her deep submission
  clear as her proud nature is brought low.  
Held captive by the choke-chain, Stephanie submits to be bound to the cross.
  The chains at her wrists are locked into metal fixings on the upper arms. Carl
  wraps the choke-chain around the centre of the X and locks it around her waist.
  As he stoops to attach her ankles to the lower arms, spreading her legs wide,
  she is beginning to be aroused.  
Jamie stands over Lauren and orders her to stroke her own body. She kneels
  erect and stimulates her breasts and belly, occasionally running her fingers
  over her neatly trimmed tuft of pubic hair, watching as Jamie (watching her)
  comes to an impressive erection. He hasn't yet touched her. She needs him to
  touch her.  
Stephanie struggles in order to confirm her helplessness. Her arms and legs
  are trapped by the metal cuffs and their attached chains. Trying to move her
  waist threatens to tighten the choke-chain at her neck. She is ready to accept
  whatever pain Carl decrees for her. She cannot escape him. Carl knows it. He
  selects the warm-up whip, a buggy whip for flicking all over her back and buttocks.
  He is going to enjoy this.  
Ordered to kiss and suck her Master's penis, Lauren lifts one hand and guides
  it to her small mouth, kissing it, rolling back the foreskin and kissing the
  naked tip, touching the tiny lips at its entrance with her tongue-tip, then
  enveloping the head and flicking her tongue over the rim of it. She feels his
  hand in her hair taking control of her head, of her mind, of her will. Jamie
  is careful not to push too deeply into her mouth. The feelings are exquisite.
  She has learned to please him. He knows that her whole life is devoted to learning
  to please him better.  
Stephanie is alternately shouting and trying to breathe through the pain.
  The flicking goes on and on, every little touch making a new pain to add to
  all the others that haven't ended yet. Her back and buttocks are on fire. The
  buggy whip feeds the flames. But she knows this is only the starter. She craves
  the main course and tries to find enough breath to beg for it. Carl knows.
  He hangs up the buggy whip and unfurls the single-tail ready to strike. He
  is ready. It's good that she is ready too.  
Jamie pulls Lauren's head back releasing his penis. It glistens before her
  eyes, ready to use her, and she shudders. Jamie, feeling his control of her,
  picks her up and throws her on her back on the cushions. Diving after her,
  he pins her down while he enters her and begins to thrust - Flack! Flack! Stephanie
  screaming as the whip strikes again and again across her back and buttocks &ndash; Lauren's
  head rolling as he forces her to give her body for his pleasure &ndash; Stephanie's
  head rolling with the intensity of the pain. Both women are breathing raggedly
  as their senses take over. Carl is getting hard.  
Lauren, gulping air, shyly asks her Master to "please do my bottom" and Jamie
  withdraws as he folds her legs to her shoulders. Carl feels the heat of Stephanie's
  whipped back as he drops his trousers and releases her waist-chain from the
  cross so he can reach around her hips to brutally grab her cunt-lips and wrench
  her body away from the wood to give his cock access to her cunt-hole.  
Lauren feels her Master thrusting deep within her rectum and feels she cannot
  survive the pleasure, but holds on for her Master's sake, and Stephanie struggles
  against the chains holding her limbs and neck, and the cock driving into her,
  and Jamie feels surrounded, engulfed, overwhelmed by the hot intensity of Lauren's
  love, and Carl fucks his slave till they all come.  
Two scenes, mostly red anyway, fade very slowly. Eventually, only the two
  men sitting in green armchairs and the two women standing in the doorway remain.  
I could watch that for days. Still, nothing wrong there I would
      have thought. There must be something I don't know. I wonder what they
      are thinking right now.   
   
The descriptor shows Jamie wishing he had a slave like Carl's: a slave he
  could beat, who didn't have a strict no-pain limit in her contract like Lauren.
  He thinks wistfully of Stephanie being whipped. He has said that Carl is very
  lucky. He believes it. He hates it.  
Carl is consumed by Lauren's beauty. He has never had a slave as perfect
  to look at as Lauren. Before he gets too old to appreciate it, he wants to
  be served by a beautiful slave like young, effortlessly rich, undeserving Jamie
  is.  
So, that's where the problem is. Can't have them going around thinking
      bad thoughts like that. I think little Ange can deal with it though. Just
      a tiny push. Here we go. Another change with the locator. Hold on to your,
      er &hellip;   
The universe explodes. Twice. Every separate frequency of light is doubled.
  Every one is the whole spectrum. Then it all stops and all is black. Slowly,
  colour by colour, the scene returns.  
Nothing is different. But &hellip;  
"I wonder," says Jamie, tentatively, "whether we could arrange a &hellip;" His
  hands move back and forth.  
"Temporary swap?"  
"Or a joint &hellip; simultaneous &hellip;" The hands interlock. The women
  look at each other apprehensively.  
They'll get there eventually. It's all just details to arrange.
      Give them that little push in the right direction and British men can always
      overcome their reticence somehow when there's something they want. Let's
      skip on to the good bit, eh?   
   
The scene fades to black again. The violet impulse creates a purple caftan,
  worn by Lauren, a denim shirt and blue jeans for Stephanie, a mustard-yellow
  polo shirt for Jamie. Carl is all in black. They are sipping red wine and admiring
  Carl and Stephanie's playroom. There is a deep red padded bench and the cross
  from before. On the wall opposite the cross there are arrays of hooks and shelves
  holding neatly arranged bondage equipment, whips, canes, paddles, and other
  devices for causing pain.  
Lauren is frightened by them. Jamie holds her upper arm to stop her retreating.
  She looks into his eyes and knows he will protect her. Stephanie is showing
  Jamie the range of clamps they have, spring-loaded ones, screw-driven ones,
  clover clamps, tightened by gravity. Carl is looking at Lauren.  
Jamie tells Lauren to undress, takes her glass, and gently pushes her towards
  the centre of the room, then turns to Stephanie and, giving a small gesture
  with his hand, glances from the clamps to her breasts to her eyes. Stephanie,
  used to being forced, takes a moment to realise she is to demonstrate the clamps
  on her nipples. As Stephanie unbuttons her shirt, Carl watches Lauren reach
  down with both hands and pull the caftan over her head.  
Jamie collects the glasses and puts them on an unoccupied shelf. Stephanie,
  conscious as ever of her imperfect breasts, attaches the clover clamps to her
  nipples and demonstrates how pulling the chain connecting them tightens their
  grip. Jamie, fascinated, pulls too, gradually harder until she winces. Carl
  walks around the naked Lauren looking at her body from every angle. She is
  very aware of all the pain-giving implements on the wall before her and fears
  their owner.  
Jamie hangs on to the chain of the nipple-clamps and selects a paddle from
  the equipment wall. Lauren watches as he leads Stephanie towards the padded
  bench by her nipples. She must not let her Master down. Carl's hands stroke
  her buttocks, then reach around her to grip her breasts roughly. Fear is arousing
  her.  
Stephanie, put over Jamie's knee and having her jeans and pants pulled down,
  watches Carl handling Lauren's body. Lauren feels his lust and strength as
  he turns her round and forces her to her knees. Jamie urgently strips off his
  shirt and tests the weight of the paddle.  
Carl pulls Lauren's head back by her hair until their eyes meet and growls "Get
  to work." Lauren unfastens his trousers and prepares herself to suck a man
  other than Jamie for the first time. Stephanie finds Jamie's light paddling
  amusing. She kicks her legs girlishly and almost laughs when she feels Jamie's
  erection growing under her body. Then she sees Lauren take Carl's cock into
  her mouth and feels a stab of jealousy that goes straight to her cunt.  
Jamie is enjoying hurting Stephanie. He can feel her squirming on his lap
  and is surprised to feel a wet patch on his thigh. He wants to do more, lifts
  her off his knee and drags her to the equipment wall. She struggles to kick
  off her jeans finally as he picks out a cane and some wrist-cuffs. Carl's animal
  taste and smell fill Lauren's awareness as she seeks to please him. Carl feels
  the most exquisite touches on his cock as he watches her face, its smooth perfection
  contrasting with the twisted veins of his erection.  
Stephanie feels Jamie's effortless dominance as he tells her to put the cuffs
  on herself and fix them high to one arm of the cross. There is no obvious threat
  if she disobeys, she is just doing as she is told, and yet she has difficulty
  controlling her breathing. Jamie removes the last of his clothes, freeing his
  impressive erection, and swings the cane for the first time. For Carl, the
  feelings in his cock are getting better and better, but he doesn't want to
  come in Lauren's mouth. He wants to be fucking her beautiful body when he comes.  
Lauren's head is pulled away from the heady, primal scent of Carl's crotch.
  She is dragged by her hair to the bench. She had a respite from the fear while
  sucking him but now it comes back with full force. His black clothes make him
  seem a shadow, a creature of the night, something deep and engulfing. His strength
  gives her no hope of resistance. She is thrown over the bench she only associates
  with beating and cowers, trying to get away from Carl behind it, scooting around
  till she can see Jamie caning Stephanie. He is obviously fascinated with the
  welts appearing on her skin, and his glistening penis moves rhythmically with
  the blows.  
Stephanie's head is turned towards the bench looking at Carl's strong, taut
  erection as Jamie drops the cane and enters her fiercely. Carl recovers control
  of Lauren, forces her legs apart and fucks her hard from behind. Lauren squeals,
  surprised by the heat and force of Carl's fucking. She comes quickly and sharply,
  feels Carl climaxing deep within her, sees Stephanie's eyes suddenly tearful
  with jealousy as she stiffens and cries out in orgasm while Jamie claws at
  her breasts and comes with his own cry.  
That's the way to do it. Another job well done for little old Ange.
      I really enjoy this work, and I hope today's demonstration of what I do
      has inspired you to consider working for the Exchange. Unfortunately, my
      dears, that's all the time we have together, so I will have to wish you
      all farewell while I get on with today's list. Greed? Isn't that wanting
      more than you can have  ?  
Purple leaves Lauren's caftan, blue fades out of Stephanie's discarded jeans,
  yellow from Jamie's shirt, brown from the wooden cross, reds and pinks from
  the dregs of the wine and from four people's flesh. The heat from their bodies
  can still briefly be felt until everything fades to black.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Imogen Airy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





