BDSM Library - Sadie's Education




Sadie's Education
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sadie learns to be a domme from her business college typing teacher!Sadie's Education  
Sadie licked the last of Miss Maple's envelopes. "Are you done, dear." Miss
  Maple, a six foot two Jamaican woman and Sadie's typing teacher asked her. "Yes,
  Miss Maple. I really appreciate you giving me the work." Sadie said gratefully.
  Money was tight, and she didn't want to work part-time and screw up her business
  college scholarship. Miss Maple had never seemed the sympathetic sort, and
  was a tough critic of her students, once embarrassing Sadie in front of the
  class by predicting her imminent future as a dime store clerk "Though you may
  make even more mistakes on the keys to a cash register than you do a typewriter,
  I'm afraid."  
"I mean I really, really am glad you hired me to assist you with this mailing,
  and I'm sorry if I've not been very good in class" said Sadie apologetically. "Well,
  that's fine" replied Miss Maple in her melodic voice. "It's unfortunate that
  you are not a gifted typist, Sadie, dear, because you are certainly quite attractive
  and a well-read girl. But you seem not to have the energy that it takes to
  hustle along in the office world." Miss Maple paused, thinking as she piled
  the envelopes together for her church rummage sale. "You seem to be the sort
  of young woman who would be better off being looked after&hellip;waited on,
  you know."  
Sadie looked at Miss Maple suspiciously, thinking the Jamaican woman was
  making fun of her. "Well, that's never been my life. I've had part time jobs
  to pay for clothes, school lunches and everything else since I was nine and
  I've been on my own since age twelve." But Sadie felt guilty as she said this,
  because the fact was, she did feel like it would be nice to be taken care of.
  All that work! Housework! Making a living! God, it was a drag.  
"You have a really nice house here, Miss Maple." Sadie looked around Miss
  Maples living room in surprise. She didn't think typing teachers would make
  very much money, but Miss Maple's place was a two bedroom house in a fairly
  nice neighborhood. "Well, it could be cleaner." Miss Maple said in some disgust.
  It looked immaculate to Sadie, except for some newspapers that were left on
  the couch. All of a sudden the door unlocked and a large man in a green coverall
  walked in. Sadie remembered Dee telling her that Miss Maple had lived with
  a longtime boyfriend, &nbsp;Aubrey, a tool and die craftsman. But this guy
  was white! Pale white.  
"Hello, Miss Maple, how was your day?" The big man stopped in the living
  room and looked at Miss Maple appreciatively as he said that. Well, this must
  not be the boyfriend if he calls her MISS Maple., Sadie considered.  
"Did I have a good day?" Miss Maple repeated. She breathed in, and Sadie
  watched the big man's eyes fasten on Miss Maple's considerable chest, which
  was enveloped in a burgundy turtleneck. Miss Maple always wore classy short
  skirts, high heels and snug blouses, but quite pressed and respectable, because,
  as she told her girls "Your employers are men, and men are quite visual."  
"I suppose I would have had a good day, had I come home to a decently clean
  house, Aubrey." Miss Maple said, as she pointed a crimson nail at the couch,
  cluttered with newspapers and a somewhat dusty coffee table. "I was led to
  believe you had a morning off? You did I believe."  
&nbsp;The big man nodded his head, staring at his boots. "And what did you
  do with it? I see your video game joysticks are out. I see a cluttered couch,
  a dusty living room, and a rather grimy kitchen, Aubrey. We had an agreement
  that you could save five dollars a week from your twenty dollar allowance to
  buy that ridiculous video game machine with the understanding that you devoted
  your spare hours to housework, and would use the video game for two hours on
  Saturday afternoon IF all the housework was done pristinely, Aubrey, was that
  right?" The big man began shuffling his feet.  
"And twice this week I have found the video game joystick out, the housework
  sadly neglected, Aubrey. And you yourself have admitted time and time again
  that chastisement is what you need to help you to be a more responsible fellow
  is that not so?" Miss Maple took off her smart leather jacket and put it on
  the chair.  
The big man looked over at Sadie furtively, blushed and said "M-Mebbe we
  kin talk about this after yer guest is gone, Miss Maple, d'ye think?" Miss
  Maple stepped away from the dining room table where the envelopes were being
  piled up, and reached behind the cluttered couch bringing forth a long, polished
  stick with little bumps and ridges, as if someone had taken a tree branch and
  without whittling off the bumps, had refinished it so it glimmered.  
&nbsp;Miss Maple turned it about in her hands, examining it, and Sadie saw
  that the stick seemed to have a carved twist to it, like a fancy banister in
  addition to the little bumps and ridges along the wood. The knob on the end
  seemed to be cut in the shape of a wolf's head. "Do you know what this is,
  Sadie?" Sadie cocked her head. "It's like a British cane or a walking stick,
  right? Miss Maple looked approvingly at the girl. "This, Sadie is an Irish
  Blackthorne carved T-handle hiking staff." Miss Maple looked at the stick approvingly
  and Aubrey seemed to shudder. "It is the sort that Prince Charles took his
  sons over the hills with near the palace&hellip;though he didn't seem to use
  it on Prince Harry enough, from what I have read of his antics&nbsp;in the
  National Enquirer."  
"you will not see many of these Hiking Staffs in this country. I inherited
  it from my grandfather who used it in forming my father's character, and my
  father used it on my brothers and sisters, and occasionally, myself." Miss
  Maple smiled. Sadie smiled back. Pa Mulvaney had had his own "character shaper" in
  the form of an old fan belt he'd found in the back alley of their tenement.
  Sadie and her eight brothers and sisters had all felt the weight of it on their
  legs when they'd behaved badly, or sadly sometimes when Pa was just drunk and
  ornery.  
"This walking staff has been quite instrumental in assisting me with dealing
  with recalcitrant behavior on this young man's part." Sadie looked at Aubrey
  curiously. He looked to be about thirty-five, perhaps fifteen or so years younger
  than Miss Maple,but he wasn't all that young.  
"We will discuss this matter now, Aubrey, because you have been terribly
  slovenly this week and I have repeatedly had to ask you to keep up with your
  home chores&mdash;" Sadie stood up quickly. "Miss Maple, maybe I really should
  go." Miss Maple looked at Sadie in surprise. "Do you not wish to be paid for
  the full five hours I hired you for?" she asked in surprise. "I am paying you
  for five hours work,but you have been here scarcely two."  
Sadie sat down. She wanted to alleviate Aubrey's discomfort, but eight dollars
  an hour was quite a nice little bit of money, as the minimum wage in 1983 was
  only three dollars and thirty-five cents.  
"Now you will be&nbsp;punished, Aubrey, right in front of this young woman.
  You are a naughty boy, Aubrey, and you deserve it. Take off your coveralls!"  
Aubrey looked desperately at Sadie, and then at Miss Maple, and then&nbsp;unbuttoned
  the top of his coverall, shaking off his shoes as he went. Stepping out of
  the ugly green garment,&nbsp;Aubrey folded it up and lay it on the cluttered
  couch next to the newspapers. He was now clad in an undershirt, plaid boxer
  shorts and black socks with hideous garters. Sheila hid a smile. "Now pull
  down your shorts, Aubrey, and bend over the arm of the couch." Miss Maple said
  crisply. Aubrey looked at Sadie feebly. "C'mon Miss Maple, with her here? I
  mean, I got my dignity."  
At this, Sadie unfortunately tittered rather loudly. This revolting tubbo
  was unbelievably dignified, wasn't he? Miss Maple looked reprovingly at Sadie,
  and then focused back on Aubrey. "I am confident that witnessing your disrobing
  and chastisement will have a positive effect on Sadie, even if it is merely
  as an appetite suppressant." Sadie put her knuckles in her mouth and chortled. "You
  will now disrobe immediately, Aubrey!"  
His lower lip trembling, Aubrey took down his coverall and folded it neatly
  on the chair, revealing himself in his shorts and undershirt, and then Miss
  Maple pointed to the arm of the sofa.  
Aubrey slowly stepped over to the couch, breathing heavily. Sadie had never
  seen anything like this in her life. What the hell was going on with this guy?
  He was going to let Miss Maple HIT him? "Take down your undershorts, Aubrey,
  immediately." Miss Maple commanded, and breathed in, so her breasts bounced
  in the tight sweater. This measure was not lost on Aubrey, who Sadie noticed
  was growing a slight tent in his boxer shorts. "P-please, ma'am, not in front
  of that girl. She's just a child!" Though a moment before, Sadie had been dying
  to get out of there now she prayed that Miss Maple wouldn't change her mind,
  and Sadie could watch this weird thing going on. Sadie wasn't disappointed.  
&nbsp;   
"You will remove your underpants immediately, Aubrey. I was going to permit
  you to just drop them to your knees, but now as punishment for your impertinence
  and all this waffling, I insist you remove all your remaining clothes. This
  young woman has five times your maturity, and should be able to watch a pathetic
  specimen likeyourself receive punishment stark naked. Why not? You are a worthless,
  insignificant slug. Aubrey. Remove everything immediately, or I will fetch
  the scourge from the basement. Do you wish that?" Aubrey looked again at his
  feet and a tear rolled down his cheek. "No, Miss Maple."  
Aubrey gave her one more imploring look, however, but Miss Maple was implacable.
  He slowly pulled off his undershirt, and stepped out of his shorts, trying
  hard to keep his hands in front of his crotch so Sadie couldn't see anything,
  but it wasn't that easy for him.  
In undressing, he seemed to forget his socks and garters, but he was certainly
  naked enough&hellip;in a way, Sadie thought the socks and garters made Aubrey
  seem even MORE exposed. "Aubrey, put your hands behind your back please." Miss
  Maples spoke crisply. Aubrey gulped, but he put his hands behind his back and
  Aburey could see his penis bulging hard, a drop of precum sliding off the tip.
  Jesus, why was&nbsp;he so horny? Sadie thought. I'd be mortified if I was a
  guy and my girlfriend had me stripped naked in front of a vistor. And she was
  going to hit him with a fuckin' stick, too. But Aubrey's penis was straining,
  and every vein was bulging out of it.  
"You are erect, Aubrey. I am glad you have not been masturbating your penis
  in the lavatories at work again, as I have had to correct you for that before." Miss
  Maple said approvingly. "It's appalling, Sadie, how Aubrey is such a dedicated
  onanist. I have had a trying time breaking him of the self-abuse problem it
  is quite annoying. Is it not, Aubrey?"  
Aubrey stared at the floor hopelessly. "Yes, Miss Maple." Sadie was gaping
  at all this. Aubrey was a big guy, not gorgeous, he had a bit of a gut, but&nbsp;he
  certainly could find a sweet, compliant girlfriend of his own skin color if
  he wanted, why was he taking all this shit from a middle aged Carribean woman?
  Sure Miss Maple was attractive, but this was ridiculous. And Dee had told Sadie
  that they'd lived together nine years. Damn, this was WEIRD! Miss Maple stepped
  up to Aubrey and let the Hiking Staff gently tap the tip of Aubrey's stiffening
  penis. "However, an erection is inappropriate just now. You are being punished
  for not cleaning the house and spending forbidden time on that ridiculous video
  game.  
&nbsp;After this punishment is over, the game will be locked in my special
  closet for two months." Aubrey looked miserable. "P-please don't lock it up,
  Miss Maple, I'll do better." Miss Maple shook her head implacably.  
"No, I've tried to trust you and you've shown me that you have no self control
  whatsoever." Aubrey stamped his foot, and his erection wiggled. "But Miss Maple,
  you take my whole check every week, and the little bit you let me keep out
  of it, I should get to enjoy what I get, and I saved for that video Atari thing.
  I took my lunch to work, and did everything to save for it, it's not fair that
  I can only play it two hours a week, please, Miss Maple won't you see it my
  way?"  
&nbsp;   
"Absolutely not, Aubrey." Miss Maple stood firm, still making the hiking
  stick bounce ever so slightly on his bulging erection. "I gave you my terms
  for your purchasing the video game, and you are a thirty-seven year old man.
  You should learn what your rules are.  
Twice this week you have been up past your bedtime, and I am convinced at
  least one night you were hoping to sneak into the living room to play the video
  game after I went to sleep. This will take temptation out of your way, Aubrey.
  Please don't make me any more annoyed than I am with you, or I will take the
  video game away for six months."  
"B-but&mdash;"Aubrey begged helplessly. Miss Maple took the cane and lifted
  it over Aubrey's head and WHACK WHACK WHACK Three times the cane landed on
  Aubrey's buttocks like pistol shots and he burst into tears. "Now then, we've
  heard enough of that.  
Your erection is still bouncing about I see, and as I've said, your punishment
  is not a time for you to be sporting your manhood. I insist that it grow limp
  immediately, or I will punish it with the stick, and you know how that hurts
  you, Aubrey."  
Aubrey bit his lip, and Sadie could tell he was trying to think of other
  things, so he could get his erection to go down,but it was terribly difficult.
  His eyes kept wandering to M iss Maple's swelling breasts beneath the burgundy
  turtleneck sweater, and now and then Aubrey couldn't help peeping over at Sadie,
  who was in a tiny halter top that well showed her generous cleavage.  
Sadie had been voted Miss Talbot County a year before, and certainly her
  looks had not faded enough just because she'd recently turned eighteen!  
So Aubrey looked and tried not to be aroused, but&nbsp;unfortunately his
  penis grew stiffer and stiffer. Sadie caught herself licking her lips and tucking
  in her halter top to make Aubrey stare even further.  
&nbsp;Jesus, what kind of a bitch was she? But she couldn't help it, and
  the poor guy stared and stared as she sighed deeply and bent over slightly
  as if to adjust her stocking, which gave him a good look at her considerable
  cleavage. This&nbsp;caused Aubrey's impudent hard on to poke up in the air
  quite excitedly!  
"Well now, Aubrey." Miss Maple said crisply. "You seem bound and determined
  to disobey me tonight, what a wretched example you show our guest, an impressionable
  young woman." They both looked over at Sadie, who tried to look quite innocent.  
Sadie was having fun, she had to admit it. This man was like a calf awaiting
  slaughter, she considered. "I am saddened and revolted by your behavior." Miss
  Maple said disapprovingly. "I have no recourse but to discipline your unruly
  erection!"  
With that she lifted up the cane and brought it down heavily on Aubrey's
  straining penis. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Aubrey grabbed his crotch and
  fel over, screaming. Sadie noted interestedly how crooked Aubrey's teeth were
  as his mouth opened and he grabbed and massaged his poor, slaughtered penis.  
Finally he arose again and stood up with his hands behind his back, his face
  covered with tears. "Goodness, Aubrey, what a crybaby you are, isn't he, Sadie?" Miss
  Maple asked. "Revolting" Sadie replied, and gave Aubrey a quick flash of her
  left nipple when Miss Maple wasn't looking. Ah yes, the wounded penis was growing
  again.  
"This is quite distressing, dear." Miss Maple's mahogany fingers began massaging
  Aubrey's erection. "You must learn to control yourself, and here again, you
  seem to have become erect. And what's this? Did I not instruct you to shave
  your crotch last night, Aubrey?" Sadie looked closer, and it appeared that
  Aubrey in fact had nearly a bald crotch for a guy of his age, there were a
  few stray hairs,but it looked pretty hairless to her.  
"Ma'am I did as good a job as I could with the mirror. I stuck it under my
  crotch and I shaved all I could, honest I did." Aubrey commented embarrassedly.  
&nbsp;"I locked Aubrey in his room for seven hours with two sandwiches for
  lunch and dinner" explained Miss Maple. "His instructions were to shave his
  entire crotch area, and I am saddened to see remaining hairs...as usual, you
  have done a slovenly job, Aubrey. I regret that I will have to get the tweezers
  and pluck out the remaining hairs before I give you your punishment for failing
  to clean the living room!&quot;  
&nbsp;Aubrey backed off and attempted to put his hands in front of his crotch. &quot;No,
  no please don't pluck out the stray hairs, ma'am. I did the best I could,but
  I'll get back in there with the mirror, ma'am...&quot; Miss Maple smiled grimly. &quot;Nonsense,
  Aubrey. You need to learn to do things right the first time. Fetch me the tweezers
  please.&quot;  
Aubrey gulped again,but he went to the bedroom, Sadie watching his bouncing
  rear end as he wandered down the hall. A few minutes later, Aubrey returned
  with the tweezers. &quot;Now you will&nbsp;put your hands behind your back
  and not make a fuss&quot; said Miss Maple.  
Aubrey closed his eyes tightly and protruded his crotch so that Miss Maple
  could pull out the hairs with the tweezers. Sadie winced as Miss Maple yanked
  the hairs out with vigor, and Aubrey began yelping and crying "Oooh please,
  Ma'am, please let me&mdash;oooch! Off. Ow!" Miss Maple curled her lip. "Disgusting
  little crybaby. You can't keep your mouth closed can you Aubrey? No wonder
  you were discharged from the Navy for instability." Miss Maple turned to Sadie  
"Would you hand me that wooden stick from the mantelpiece dear?" Sadie turned
  to the mantel and found what appeared to be a two foot stick made of a blond
  wood. On one end was a handle very similar to a police nightstick, but on the
  oth er was carved a grotesquely wide penis head. "Thank you." Miss Maple took
  the stick from Sadie's hand and turned to Aubrey.  
&nbsp;"Open your mouth, Aubrey." Aubrey tried to back off. "Not the stick,
  please!"&nbsp;He closed his mouth, biting his lower lip,but Miss Maple reached
  a&nbsp;dark hand over and twisted Aubrey's right nipple, and Aubrey opened
  his mouth to scream, and just in time, Miss Maple shoved the penis end of the
  stick into his gaping lips. "Now hold it there, while I finish plucking your
  crotch, Aubr4ey. You are making Miss Maple quite angry, you know."  
Aubrey mumbled vociferously behind the wooden gag, and tried to howl again,
  and the stick fell out, hitting Miss Maple on the hand before it rolled to
  the floor.  
"Oh, ma'am I didn't mean to hurt your arm, Miss Maple, please oh please." Aubrey
  looked honestly panicked and he began squeezing his hands together. Miss Maple
  gritted her teeth and then picked up the stick and twisted Aubrey's nipple
  again as she was rising. Aubrey's mouth opened again to scream, as expected,
  and again the stick went right back in, penis end. This time Miss Maple began
  shoving the stick down Aubrey's throat, pulling it back and shoving it in again,
  as Sadie watched, fascinated.  
"I (shove) have told (Shove) you (Shove) that&nbsp;you are (Shove) to hold
  this stick (shove, shove) stick in your (Shove) mouth and I mean it!" Miss
  Maple shoved the stick in and out of Aubrey's mouth until it seemed to Sadie
  that he was about to gag to death. Green liquid seemed to be seeping out of&nbsp;his
  lips as the stick was pushed further in, yet his hands stayed at his sides.
  Finally Miss Maple pulled it back out again.  
"Perhaps you need a harsher lesson." Miss Maple said briskly. Sadie wondered
  what the hell could be harsher than being choked to death on a fucking wooden
  dildo. "Turn around and bend over, Aubrey." Aubrey backed off and covered his
  bottom. "You promised ma'am, no more in the back, after the last strap-on&nbsp;you
  left my butt as wide as the Napa Valley, the doc asked me if I was queer when
  he was lookin' back there." Aubrey backed off some more, though Sadie noticed
  that his erection was as firm as ever.  
"My butt's all loose now from all the strap-on stuff Miss Maple you promised
  you wouldn't do it no more, I can hardly keep from shittin' my drawers I am
  so loose back there from the damn strap-on, please don't&hellip;" Aubrey's
  eyes lowered helplessly as he watched Miss Maple advance with the stick and
  he turned and bent over. "I will punish you later for your profanity, Aubrey,
  the word "damn" is not allowed in this house. Spread your cheeks with your
  fingers, Aubrey, immediately." Aubrey's fingers grasped his bottom cheeks and
  pulled them apart and Miss Maple shoved in the wooden penis end of the stick
  that had just been down his throat. She pushed it deeply into his buttocks
  and he groaned.  
Miss Maple pushed further and put her hand on Aubrey's back. "Get down on
  your knees, Aubrey." Aubrey dropped to his knees, crying quietly. "Miss Maple
  took up the Hiking Staff and whacked it on Aubrey's behind with the hand not
  holding the dildo-stick. "I told you to pull your cheeks apart! Stop cinching
  your buttocks, you are making it difficult for me to pull the stick in and
  out." Sighing, Aubrey grasped his butt cheeks from the back and held them as
  far apart as he could so Miss Maple could pull the stick in and out freely.  
Miss Maple began pulling the dildo-stick in and out of Aubrey's buttocks
  as he moaned and groaned. "Oh, stop, ma'am, it hurts so much." Aubrey wailed. "I-can't
  stand it, you're ripping my butt apart." Miss Maple grinned as she pushed and
  pulled the dildo-stick. "That's my goal, Aubrey, to make you so your buttocks
  are those of an old man, and you must wear adult diapers by age forty. What
  use are you, if you are such a whiner you cannot take a few plucks from my
  tweezers? What right do you have to a firm rectum? Better that you have the&nbsp;buttocks
  retention of a prison queen, that is my opinion."  
Suddenly Aubrey let go of his buttocks completely. Miss Maple lost it, and
  began whacking away with the hiking staff. "Grab your buttocks immediately!" she
  shouted. But Aubrey just covered his eyes and sobbed as she slammed the dildo
  stick in and out of his suffering anus. Finally Miss Maple pulled the dildo-stick
  out and ordered Aubrey to rise. She waved the penis head that was covered with
  blood and fecal matter under Aubrey's shuddering nose. "Now you will hold this
  stick in your mouth obediently while I pluck the remains of the hairs from
  your crotch, do you understand?"  
&nbsp;   
Sadie was amazed as Aubrey finally was silent and obedient, holding the shit-covered
  dildo-stick in his mouth. He looked completely revolted of course, his mouth
  was moving uncomfortably as he tried hard not to swallow what was smeared across
  the wooden penis head. And Miss Maple was assiduously&nbsp;ripping the stray
  hairs off of his crotch without hearing a moan or a whine from the big man.  
Finally Aubrey's crotch was completely bald, and Miss Maple seemed satisfied. "Though
  of course he is still stubbornly erect, but what am I to do?" Miss Maple implored
  Sadie. "Men are such babies you know dear? Bend over the couch!" she ordered
  Aubrey, and the big man bent over the armrest obediently. Sadie noted that
  there was still a slight bit of blood dribbling from his buttocks from the
  tremendous fucking with the dildo-stick.  
Miss Maple lifted the Hiking Staff and gave Aubrey twenty hard whacks with
  it, the big man staying silent as he continued to grasp the dildo-stick in
  his mouth, and she then motioned to Sadie to hand her a three foot brown braided
  whip that was curled up on the bookshelf. "This is an English dog whip, Sadie." Miss
  Maple said, handling it gently. "It is hand made with twelve plaits." Miss
  Maple cracked the English dog whip in the air and Aubrey winced. "It is marvelous
  for maintaining discipline with the unruly man." Turning to Aubrey, Miss Maple
  took up the English Dog Whip and went to work.  
A Week Later  
&nbsp;&quot;As you can see, Aubrey is a weak man with little self-control&quot; Miss
  Maple said as she knelt next to the tied man on the bed. Sadie and Dee sat
  on chairs, &quot;observing&quot; Sadie had been quite surprised to discover
  that Dee knew all about the peculiar relationship between Miss Maple and Aubrey;
  and that she'd been the&nbsp;one to suggest that Miss Maple show Sadie the &quot;ropes&quot;!  
&nbsp;&quot;See, after Miss Maple showed me how easy it is to get a guy to
  take care of me and not do all the irritating shit that men do--you know, showing
  up late on dates, cheating on us, breaking promises, neglecting us for guys
  night out and stupid-ass football games-- I realized that life could be so
  much easier.&quot; Dee had explained. &quot;The other night I tied my boyfriend's
  hands behind him and made him perform oral on me all night, and it just excited
  him! I mean, this is the secret to happiness, Sadie!&quot;  
Now they were sitting together watching Miss Maple show them how to control
  a man's orgasms. It was so interesting, because she was dressed in her normal
  snug turtleneck, skirt and hose, and they were in crop tops and shorts, the
  same as most young girls wore, but poor Aubrey was stark naked, and he looked
  so pathetic, bound as he was to the bed with Miss Maple's red-tipped mahogany
  fingers galloping up and down his sweltering suffering shaft!  
Sadie was amazed, most of her boyfriends and certainly her ex-husband had
  never gotten into any position where they'd have a chance of being tied up...they
  were the macho guys!  
&quot;Now you will see how a man's erection can be controlled, despite long
  periods of time without an orgasm, my dears.&quot; Miss Maple said as her chocolate
  forefinger slowly trailed down Aubrey's suffering shaft.  
&nbsp;   
Miss Maple ran her forefinger and middle finger up and around the glans of
  Aubrey's cock, and leaning over she blew her full lips on the very tip of the
  glans, and it stiffened as Aubrey gritted his teeth, gasping. "Don't be careless,
  my love" crooned Miss Maple. "No Ma'am, I won't" whispered Aubrey. Miss Maple
  ran her middle finger up the underside of Aubrey's cock and he gasped aloud
  as the Caribbean woman's light touch sent his cock into throes of ecstasy.  
"Why is he so upset?"asked Dee curiously. "Most guys would like this kinda
  thing." Miss Maple gently pulled Aubrey's balls with one dark hand and massaged
  the middle of his shaft with the other. "Ah yes my dears, but Aubrey has gone
  over a month and a half without having orgasmed, and he is not scheduled to
  release for some time.  
&nbsp;I have told him that if he does have a nasty little accident, I will
  give him a fearful thrashing with this." Miss Maple held up a long piece of
  leather. "This, my dears, is a Barber's Razor Strop and it has landed on Aubrey's
  naughty buttocks many a time, but as of yet the Barber's Razor Strop has not
  found its way on Aubrey's penis."  
Miss Maple took that penis in her first two fingers and rubbed up and down
  vigorously, as Aubrey tried desperately to hold back from releasing himself. "Although
  his penis has been whipped with rulers, yardsticks, paint stirrers, willow
  switches, canes, lamp cords, a carpet beater and all sorts of other interesting
  implements." Miss Maple's fingers gently pulled Aubrey's foreskin up and down
  and she leaned over and Aubrey stared right into her full breasts. It was clear
  to both girls that he was very close to cumming.  
Miss Maple began pulling&nbsp;Aubrey's penis in a brisk tug, faster and faster
  as the big man gritted his teeth and tried desperately to hold off. At one
  point, Miss Maple showed him an expanse of leg, and he gasped desperately. "Are
  you having a bad time, Aubrey?" Miss Maple asked the big man curiously. She
  pulled one of her shoes off and used her dark brown toes, encased in the itchy
  stocking to rub Aubrey's balls while she played her fingers along his cock. "You
  see, girls, Aubrey used to be a terrible masturbator, almost compulsive."  
Miss Maple's fingers twirled the tip of Aubrey's cock as she spoke. "I didn't
  know quite what to do with him, he had been discharged from one or two jobs
  for spending excessive amounts of time in the lavatories looking at obscene
  pictures." Aubrey blushed as the Jamaican woman said this, but she ignored
  him. "Often he didn't have the energy to satisfy me when I wanted intercourse&hellip;he
  complained of course that I didn't want to have sex as often as he did, and
  didn't understand why I thought he should be able to hold off until I had the
  sex urge, which comes about once a month or so." Jesus, only once a month?
  thought Sadie. Poor guy!  
"But I decided to take action, and I got rid of all his nasty magazines and
  fetid films, and I began keeping Aubrey to a strict schedule of orgasmic releases.
  At first I allowed him to masturbate once every three or four days, and then
  we cut it down to a week, and then once a month, and finally, only when he
  was about to make love to me." Miss Maple toyed with Aubrey's fondly as she
  said this.  
"But I tease him constantly, making sure that lots of semen is building up
  inside his testicles. I have friends who put chastity devices on their men,
  but I've never felt a need for this, I just feel his testicles when he comes
  home in the evening. On the occasions when they've felt light, I've stripped
  Aubrey immediately, tied him down and given him fifty with the dog whip or
  the hiking staff." Aubrey winced as Miss Maple trailed her fingers across a
  thick vein in his now over-purple penis. "I also feel his balls when he leaves
  in the morning, and now and then I drop by work during the day just to check
  on him, you know."  
"But then why are you trying to jerk him off, Miss Maple?" Sadie asked curiously. "I
  mean, isn't that counter-productive?" Miss Maple played her fingers along Aubrey's
  violet&nbsp;shaft as she considered Sadie's question. "Well that's true, Sadie,
  but I am trying to teach Aubrey self-control. I feel that if he can resist
  my fingers now, he can resist any sort of stimuli including wet dreams, which
  I am afraid the boy has from time to time."  
&nbsp;Miss Maple's fingers wandered across Aubrey's hard cock as she spoke
  softly. &quot; I am just trying to make Aubrey understand that my pleasure
  comes first. He can enjoy being stimulated by me, and I hope he does, but his
  orgasms belong to the times that he must satisfy me.  
&nbsp;Don't you young ladies get rather irritated when a man cums first within
  you, what is it you Americans call it? Premature ejaculation? Aubrey was a
  terrible premature ejaculator, and now he holds back and we can screw for hours.
  As a matter of fact, now and then we make love and he must withhold his orgasm&nbsp;while
  I have several, and then go to bed frustrated...and it makes him a much more
  obedient boy, I think.&quot;  
&nbsp;After a time, Miss Maple's fingers began catching the tip of Aubrey's
  penis in a sort of trap just under the "hood" and they began pulling and tugging
  away, which seemed to make Aubrey somewhat crazy, he began breathing and gasping
  as she tweaked his glans again and again, and the veins running up and down
  his shaft seemed to bloat in his excitement. Miss Maple tugged and tugged,
  the penis in this special twist between her Stygian digits until finally Aubrey
  gasped "M-Miss Maple, I'm about to have an accident, ma'am!"  
Miss Maple looked down at Aubrey, a slight smile twisting her lip. "Really,
  darling? You don't think you can make your erection subside on your own, and
  you are in danger of spoiling Miss Maple's nice plaid miniskirt? Really, can't
  you go limp?" Miss Maple's ebony thumb secured its teasing grip on Aubrey's
  glans as she questioned him, but aroused as he was, Aubrey was quite obviously
  trembling.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;"Well I don't know what to do, Aubrey dear. I would give you
  a vicious cock-whipping of 100 strokes with the scourge if you had the temerity
  to cum, but perhaps a smaller correction will distract this disobedient penis." Miss
  Maple let go of Aubrey's penis and slapped the head. "Perhaps with the English
  Dog Whip that I punished you with last week in front of Sadie here?"  
Miss Maple picked up the English Dog Whip. "If I give you just a few licks
  to calm your disobedient organ down that might be all right." &nbsp;Aubrey
  shook his head in the extreme negative and Miss Maple laughed as she explained
  to the girls  
"You see, a few months ago, I was teasing Aubrey as he got out of the shower-bath,
  and I got him so excited that he had an orgasmic accident and stained Miss
  Maple's blouse for work, and I had to take the trouble of changing." &nbsp;Miss
  Maple chuckled grimly. "I had to send it to the cleaners, quite embarrassing
  as you can imagine, and so I gave poor Aubrey's peenie fifty lashes with the
  English Dog Whip and the very thought of it on his penis seems to just terrify
  poor Aubrey."  
Aubrey began begging desperately. "P-please oh please Miss Maple, don't whip
  my dick, it'll go down of it's own accord, I just gotta think about baseball
  scores or somethin' You look so damn hot, Miss Maple, and I get so excited
  layin' here, but please don't whip me." Miss Maple pointed a dusky finger at
  Aubrey's straining, purple penis. "Does it look as if it is getting smaller,
  girls?" Sadie and Dee both shook their heads solemnly. "It's a very disobedient
  penis" Sadie said, stifling a giggle. "Yeah, Miss Maple you got to do something
  about it." Dee reached her finger over and stroked the tip once and Aubrey
  gasped as the penis got bigger and harder again.  
"Yes, it is a stubborn erection, Dee, and I am trying to teach this man to
  behave himself. I suppose only this dog whip will quiet its raging impulses"said
  Miss Maple, as she lifted the English Dog Whip over Aubrey's unfortunate erection
  THWACK! The whip's braided plaits landed smartly on the tip of Aubrey's stiff
  penis and he screamed loudly. "Aaaguh!" Tears ran down his cheeks and indeed
  it seemed to Sadie that there was a deep red mark on the side of Aubrey's penis,
  though it didn't seem to have grown any limper.  
&nbsp;   
Miss Maple lifted the English Dog Whip again. THWACK! THWICK! THWUNK! THWACK! "Finally,
  success" Miss Maple mused as Aubrey's penis,overcome with the viciousness of
  the attack of the lashes, shriveled up and fell over to the side of his hip.
  A trickle of blood came out of a sore on the side of the foreskin, and Aubrey
  sobbed deeply. Sadie noticed that Aubrey was trying to soothe his scorched
  penis with one of his thighs,but it was quite difficult since his legs were
  tied together.  
"It seemes as if the erection is finally starting to subside, though it is
  sad that such exemplary discipline is needed just so Aubrey can obey a simple
  request to have a normal sized penis, instead of horrifying impressionable
  young women by exposing them to a er, vehement tumescence." Miss Maple clucked
  her tongue at Aubrey. "Sad, isn't it ladies?" Miss Maple looked quite grieved
  by all this, as if her narrow shoulders were taking the whipping instead of
  Aubrey's unfortunate genitals.  
Miss Maple nodded at Dee&nbsp;and Dee nodded back, picking up on a signal
  that was lost to Sadie. "I am going into the other room to have a glass of
  water." Said Miss Maple. "I will be back. I hope your&nbsp;penis has learned
  a lesson, Aubrey, and will stay in its humble shriveled state." Aubrey looked
  up at Miss Maple with tearful eyes. "Yes, Miss Maple, I will stay limp now,
  ma'am."  
As the door closed behind Miss Maple,&nbsp;Dee bent over Aubrey's erection.
  Dee was a cute redhead with perky boobs trapped in a striped crop top and she
  had delicate little hands with long fingers with pink nails. "You poor baby,
  are you&nbsp;feeling all right? How's your poor cock?" Dee asked sympathetically. "Yes
  Miss Dee, I'll be okay" said Aubrey nobly. I understand the need for the correction,but
  how my poor penis hurts." Aubrey whined.  
Dee reached into her purse and brought out some dermatological lotion. "I
  think your poor dick needs some medical attention, sweetie." She squirted some
  lotion on her fingers and began rubbing Aubrey's penis and testicles, all the
  time whispering to him. "You poor honey. You're such a hot, muscular guy, Aubrey,
  I can't believe you have to put up with this crap from this awful woman." Dee's
  index finger trained a line of slippery lotion down Aubrey'shaft, now growing
  back to full hardness.  
"I hope this lotion is making your poor pee-pee feel better, darlin'" Dee
  leaned over so Aubrey could see the swell of her cleavage. Aubrey smiled slowly
  as her fingers grasped his erection and began pulling hard "Yes ma'am it sure
  is." Dee squirted more lotion in her palm and rubbed it all over his cock and
  balls.  
"Why don't you rub the inside of the poor guy's thighs, Sadie?" asked Dee.
  Sadie was slightly revolted. After all, Aubrey was not quite her type,but she
  cooperated after she saw a wink from her friend's right eye. Together the girls
  swirled lotion all over the now smiling slave's genitals, until he was gasping
  with desire once again.  
Dee gave Aubrey's penis a final gentle rub and leaned down, whispering in
  his ear. "Miss Maple says you're real good in the sack as long as you don't
  cum, is that right, Aubrey?" Aubrey bit his lip and nodded. "That's what I
  hear, honey. I'm a young virgin, and so is Sadie here, and we'd love to get
  our first time on your cock."  
Sadie suppressed a giggle. Dee was so full of shit. Neither of htem had been
  virgins since junior high, but men seemed to get off on the whole virginal
  image, she guessed. Dee quickly undressed, waving her tits in front of Aubrey,
  and then climbed on his hard cock. Dee rode it for a bit, waving her big boobs
  at Aubrey. "Wouldn't you like to suck these, baby?" Dee trilled. She didn't
  drop entirely on Aubrey's erection at first, grinding the tip with the edge
  of her stubbly vagina, while Aubrey strained to give her pleasure. "Don't cum
  now baby" Dee panted. "Remember what Miss Maple will do to that naughty cock
  if you cum!"  
Aubrey rolled his eyes and nodded. Sadie was rather amazed at the size of
  Aubrey's cock and how it appeared to be pleasuring Sadie. Finally Sadie climbed
  off Aubrey, wiping herself off. "I came twice that was really cool" Dee panted
  and Aubrey's cock looked dangerously close to explosion. "You go next, Sadie." Dee
  panted. "I don't think so, Deirdre." Sadie said with a smile. "He's a little
  too gross for me." Aubrey looked terribly disappointed. Sadie was a bit cuter
  than Dee, and Dee shook her head sorrowfully. "Oh, that's a shame." Dee danced
  back over to Aubrey's cock and wiped her juices off with a towel and then licked
  his bulging glans. "Mmm-mm!" Dee moaned. She sucked the head for a bit, her
  lip gloss remaining on the edge of Aubrey's foreskin when her head backed off
  again, "What a hot guy!"  
Dee leaned over Aubrey's penis, licking and sucking it more, Sadie watching
  in faint revulsion. She didn't think much of fat old guys, but apparently Dee
  had no problems in this area. Dee really seemed into it. Aubrey kept gasping
  and closing his eyes, and moving his hips around, and it was clear that he
  was quite fearful he might orgasm soon. Dee sucked his cock harder and harder,
  and Sadie knew the girl knew her work, as men who dated Dee had nicknamed her "Velvetmouth" Dee
  bit the underside of Aubrey's cock, and slurped the tip, but finally after
  about ten minutes, she moved away &nbsp;from the stubbornly stiff penis. "You're
  a champ, you won't cum, Aubrey." Dee said grudgingly.  
"Well, you got to understand the penalty phase, as it were. " said Aubrey.
  Dee refreshed her makeup, putting her clothes back together perfectly. A moment
  or two later, Miss Maple came back into the room. Sadie had the feeling that
  Miss Maple had been watching someplace, so well timed was her entry after Dee
  had pulled on her last shoe, but Sadie really couldn't be sure. Miss Maple
  was a weird one, that was for sure. &nbsp;Sadie &nbsp;had to admit though,
  Miss Maple had a good deal going on here.  
Over the past six days, Sadie had visited Miss Maple several times and she'd
  seen how clean Miss Maple's house was kept. Aubrey had different chores he
  did mornings and evenings, and Sadie had to admit she never found dishes sitting
  about or any room unvaccuumed. &nbsp;Aubrey was an accomplished chef, and he
  waited on Miss Maple and her guests hand and foot.  
Miss Maple had showed Sadie her bankbook, and it was an amazing amount of
  money for a typing teacher, well over seventy thousand dollars. "I bank Aubrey's
  salary and my own, and some of this is from an inheritance he got when his
  father passed away." Sadie was amazed. "And he signs it all over to you? That's
  wild." Miss Maple smiled. "Yes, that's correct. Aubrey also must bring me his
  paycheck sealed. Now and then they give him an unsealed envelope, and then
  I take his pants down and I whip him soundly. I don't even think he needs to
  look at the check, just endorses it over to me." Miss Maple laughed. "Aubrey's
  available cash before meeting me went to cocaine and prostitutes when I met
  him as a neighbor some ten years ago.  
&nbsp;   
One day I saw one of his magazine subscriptions, to a journal called Maitresse,
  and I read the articles and looked at the pictures, all about female domination,
  and I saw my role in Aubrey's life. We are quite happy, actually."  
&nbsp;Miss Maple's life really did seem rather together, and Aubrey had told
  Sadie privately when he was driving her home one night, "It's always been a
  fantasy of mine to be the submissive to a beautiful, dominating woman, to be
  disciplined and dominated, and my life is great today, but sometimes Miss Maple
  is a bit tough on me." Sadie was amazed!  
But now Miss Maple came in and sat on the bed next to Aubrey's bound form. "Ahh,
  how relaxing that was. I took a bit of time, I hope you don't mind, and had
  a small sandwich. Keeping this young man in line is energy sapping work." Miss
  Maple tapped Aubrey's bare thigh, and then looked down at his once again straining
  cock. "Goodness, what's this?" she said in displeasure. "I just spent the better
  part of half an hour trying to calm down this disobedient organ and here you
  are erect again, Aubrey. Horrifying these impressionable young women, it's
  awful."  
Dee spoke up. "It's really disturbing Miss Maple, he just can't seem to control
  himself. I think he's been leering at poor Sadie." Sadie was amazed at the
  brazenness of Deirdre, who had just been fucking Aubrey's organ to full tumescence.
  But now the poor thing looked shocked and horrified as if she'd never seen
  a hard penis in her life.  
Miss Maple shook her head. "I just worked so hard with the Dog Whip trying
  to emphasize with great effort the importance of your erection subsiding,&nbsp;and
  here it is again in full flower. I am terribly disappointed, Aubrey." &nbsp;"Ma'am
  I'm-sorry it's&mdash;it just happened, I'm real sorry" came Aubrey's querulous
  voice.  
Aubrey of courser couldn't tell her that he had just been fucking one of
  the "impressionable young women" and letting the other one play with his testicles. "Aubrey,
  I am amazed" said Miss Maple. "Obviously, the last punishments I've inflicted
  on you were of no use. Fortunately I have further disciplinary measures that
  may help." Miss Maple leaned behind her and got a small box of office supplies,
  and pulled out some binder clips.  
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;Miss Maple took one of the ugly black metal binder clips out of the
  box, and looked at it approvingly. "Rustproof tempered steel construction and
  they're advertised to have a nonslip grip, you know, girls." and pressed the
  steel handles apart with one hand while pulling a bit of Aubrey's foreskin
  out with two nails from the other hand.  
Sadie watched all this with fascination. Miss Maple was a pro at this dominatrix
  thing. Sadie had learned that Aubrey wasn't the only one of Miss Maple's slaves. "You
  wouldn't believe how many men are eager to be dominated by a woman, Sadie,
  and who really need it badly." Sadie had learned that Miss Maple made a cool
  C-note once a week visiting a submissive pharmaceutical salesman, who she'd
  take over her knee in the squalid confines of a motel out on the highway once
  a week. Another man, astonishingly, was Mr. Stanislaus Vavasour, the owner
  of the business school where Miss Maple taught and Sadie was a student. One
  day, Miss Maple had brought Sadie into the office with her and had her witness
  a bitter discussion about tuition hikes, as Sadie had almost been forced to
  drop out of school as the current increase was twice the price of her scholarship.  
For a bit of time, Sadie had thought Mr. Vavasour was going to win the argument,
  explaining about teacher's salaries, and his own needs for a new car, and though
  Miss Maple had made sound suggestions as to where Mr. Vavasour could cut costs,
  it didn't look good, and Mr. Vavasour had lost his temper eventually. "Goddam
  it, I can't help tuition hikes, let this little bitch get a part time job!"&nbsp;Mr.
  Vavasour had roared. He could treat Sadie that way, as his business school
  was the only one in town. Sadie was aware that Mr. Vavasour didn't like her,
  as she had repulsed his attempts to ask her on a date, and now she was near
  tears, thinking her career as a secretary was over.  
As Sadie cowered near the door, Mr. Vavasour screamed at Miss Maple, til
  she finally breathed in and bared her teeth. "All right, Stan, I've heard enough." Miss
  Maple&nbsp;had reached out and slapped Mr. Vavasour's face. "I promised you
  that we would never take our "other relationship" public, but your behavior
  is astonishingly immature." Mr. Vavasour had gone white and he'd balled his
  fists. "No, no don't you dare&mdash;" Miss Maple shook her head. "Unzip your
  pants and put your penis out here on your desk!"  
Oh Jesus, Sadie had thought. Miss Maple has lost her mind. She can't just
  dominate every man in sight! But Mr. Vavasour had shut up almost immediately. "Not
  here, Miss Maple, please." Miss Maple had pounded her slim black fist on the
  table.  
"Immediately, Stanley." Sadie wondered if anyone, even Miss Maple's mother
  called her by her first name. What was her first name? It was a mystery. Biting
  his lip, Mr. Vavasour had tried not to look at the teenager whose scholarship
  he was ruining, and he'd unzipped his pants and pulled his long, wrinkled penis
  out on the desk. Sadie had marveled an ugly, shriveled thing it was. Miss Maple
  had taken her leather six inch shoe off and lifted it above her head. WHACK!  
&nbsp;Mr. Vavasour had howled bloody murder as the heel tip had banged the
  glans of his penis into the harsh wooden desk. "Is there a problem Mr. Vavasour?" came
  his secretary's querulous voice from the exterior of the office. "No, no Evelyn,
  just go get lunch, right now!" Mr. Vavasour's voice had steel in it, and they
  all had listened to Evelyn's feet scurry away. "You spend a fortune on your
  house, on your cars, taking your mistresses to Cancun and all these other places." Miss
  Maple said between her teeth. "Surely you can afford to help out a few poor
  girls."  
Mr. Vavasour's eyes had widened at Sadie's problem becoming the problem of
  a "few" girls. "Are you going to give Sadie and Deirdre, her friend full scholarships,
  Stanislaus?" Mr. Vavasour coughed. "Full scholarshyips, I can't, perhaps another
  two hundred off&hellip;" WHACK WHACK! Twice the cruel heel came down and Mr.
  Vavasour had screamed even louder, and Sadie had spotted a trickle of blood
  on his penis. "I demand a full scholarship and a substantial living allowance
  for the ten poorest girls at this school including Sadie and Dee and&mdash;"Miss
  Maple had been interrupted. "Done! That's f-fine. Please leave." Mr. Vavasour
  had zipped up his pants, crying, and Sadie had been even more taken care of&nbsp;than
  before&hellip;Miss Maple was something!  
Sadie's eyes returned to the present scene with Miss Maple and the&nbsp;unfortunate
  Aubrey...Good God, she's amazing.  
Clip!&nbsp;Now Miss Maple had locked on one binder clip, and Aubrey shut
  his eyes tightly and bit his tongue against the pain. Sadie suddenly reached
  into the box and found another binder clip and leaned over, clipping it to
  a fold in the side of Aubrey's shaft.  
"This is fun, it's like arts and crafts, you know?" asked Dee&nbsp;as she
  attached yet another binder clip to Aubrey's glans.  
Miss Maple placed several more of the painful clips on the sides of Aubrey's
  shaft, and Dee squeezed some more on Aubrey's inner thighs. "Oooh it's so painful" Aubrey
  whined. Sadie took two binder clips and put one on each nipple and Aubrey howled
  in misery. Dee placed a row of binder clips going Mohawk style up and around
  Aubrey's shaft, and Sadie placed some more on the flab of Aubrey's stomach.  
Sadie could not quite get over what Aubrey seemed to put up with at the hands
  of his evil Jamaican mistress. In the past week she'd seen Miss Maple make
  Aubrey hold an ice-cold enema in his rear for nearly an hour, another time
  Aubrey had been forced to suck off&nbsp;a gay male hustler after Miss Maple
  had paid the fellow to give Aubrey a flogging. She'd witnessed Miss Maple give
  Aubrey a public bare-bottom spanking in the supermarket in front of a group
  of laughing children when he'd brought her the wrong kind of peas, and again
  in the dressing room at Hecht's after Aubrey refused to model a mauve shirt
  Miss Maple had picked out for him.  
The other day Miss Maple had raped Aubrey with her entire collection of dildoes
  and vibrators, and then she'd dared Dee to stick a bowling pin up Aubrey's
  rectum, and Dee had taken her up on it! The bowling pin had become rathe dislodged
  in Aubrey's rectum, and they'd had a very embarrassing time at the Emergency
  Room, but Miss Maple said it was all in the line of raising a good slave-boy!  
Two nights before when Aubrey had been caught "borrowing" Miss Maple's panties
  for a clandestine masturbation session, Miss Maple had called Sadie and Dee
  at their rooming house and the girls had come over and helped Miss Maple fully
  make Aubrey in eye liner blue shadow, blush, hot pink lipstick and a blonde
  wig, as well as a pink fluffy dress and high heels, and then they'd had him
  go downtown with them to get catcalled by drunken construction workers! But
  this binder clip business might well have been the worst, Sadie thought.  
As Miss Maple now placed more of the clips around Aubrey's scrotum, one being
  actually on Aubrey's testicle, he moaned miserably. "Are you all right, Aubrey?" Miss
  Maple asked kindly, though Sadie got the impression Miss Maple didn't give
  a shit about Aubrey's pain.  
"They jus' bite so much more viciously than clothespins" muttered Aubrey
  with his eyes shut. "But think Aubrey" said Dee as she ran a finger up his
  stiffening shaft "If your disobedient penis didn't stay so stubbornly erect
  we wouldn't be able to put all these clips on, would we?" Dee asked, and Miss
  Maple and Sadie laughed.  
Miss Maple reached behind her again and came up with duct tape. "You were
  using this when you installed our&nbsp;HVAC system, dear." Miss Maple smiled
  kindly at Aubrey. "And now I can prove once again that waste not, want not
  is one of&nbsp;the great maxims of the era." Aubrey's eyes widened as he watched
  Miss Maple pull the duct tape away from the roll and begin&nbsp;wrapping Aubrey's
  testicles thoroughly, the tape covering all areas that didn't already have
  binder clips poking through.  
"Is this too uncomfortable for you dear?" Miss Maple asked in a concerned
  tone as Aubrey's crotch was completely drowned in wads and wads of duct tape "Well
  ma'am, its all stuck to my crotch hair, and between the tape and the clips,
  it's really a bit much."  
"Very well, dear." Miss Maple said firmly. "We will get rid of it all!" Immediately,
  Miss Maple ripped all the duct tape off Aubrey's crotch,taking most of the
  hair with it, and he bellowed, and then she and the girls began knocking all
  the binder clips off Aubrey's crotch with &nbsp;riding crops, and the unfortunate
  man learned perhaps that excessive complaining is not always the most politic
  of things to do!  
Eighteen Months Later  
Sadie looked at the naked, kneeling man on the floor, and frowned at him,
  and Doctor Creighton Commerce's legs shook as he stared up at the angry girl,
  who tapped her foot and stared right back down at him.  
&nbsp;Shortly after&nbsp;Aubrey's torture treatments with the binder clips
  and the duct tape, Sadie and Dee&nbsp;had rented the top floor of Miss Maple's
  house for a third of the cost of her tiny room in the ghetto rooming house
  downtown.&nbsp;It was quite a&nbsp;breeze, Aubrey cooking and cleaning for
  the young ladies, and Sadie and Dee assisting Miss Maple with Aubrey's discipline.
  Sadie also enjoyed Aubrey's&nbsp;oral attentions on her clit and his long and
  experienced massages. Sadie&nbsp;had a steady, normal boyfriend, but thought
  the whole whips-and chains thing was hilarious.not for her of course, but it
  was a gas, and Dee and Miss Maple took it so seriously, this S-M!  
Sadie chuckled, thinking of her&nbsp;previous attitude &nbsp;as she now tapped
  her foot as the naked man stared at the floor. "Doctor Commerce, I believe
  I told you that you were to straighten up this house." Sadie said rather severely. "Your
  office dowstairs is clean, you put away all the stethoscopes and scrubbed up
  your examining room, and you cleaned your living room, the dining room, your
  den, the library and you've scrubbed the bathrooms well, but you've neglected
  something." Doctor Commerce looked up at Sadie, and she could see his stiff
  penis waving as his knees began trembling, as they must have been in acute
  pain on the hardwood floor. His dick was really rising, though. You'd never
  know that she'd been caning it with a Zenith target lead loaded bull whip,
  the kind with a double plaited belly and a seven layer kangaroo hide. Sadie
  liked it, it had a good lead weight at the butt of the twenty inch long handle,
  and Doctor Commerce's previous "assistant", Nasty Bob, had given it to her
  with confidence. "It's what he needs" Nasty Bob had reported. "Doc picked it
  up when we were vacationing in Sydney, Australia, last year, and it's made
  to control the bushmen, and he screams when he gets it on his cock or ass,
  but it's damn good for him."  
&nbsp;Dee had been in the BDSM &quot;life&quot; longer than Sadie had, so
  Sadie was not surprised when Dee met Norbert, a recent West Point graduate
  who shared Aubrey's proclivities, one night at Miss Maple's bondage club. But
  Sadie had not considered an alternative like this for herself, really, and
  was content to take out her bad moods whipping Aubrey's ass, and figuring eventually
  she would move on after graduating from the business college.&nbsp;But then
  around the time Sadie was to graduate, Miss Maple sat down with her for&nbsp;a
  serious talk.  
But now Sadie thought of Miss Maple's serious talk as she confronted the
  shivering, terrified Doctor Commerce. "Doc, in the nine months we've lived
  together, you've never been an effective housecleaner. The toilets are not
  perfectly scrubbed, twice last week I bounced a quarter on my bed and it wasn't
  made to perfection, you haven't been diligent in scrubbing the basement walls&hellip;it's
  sucky. Doc you&nbsp;were supposed to clean the entire house including your
  downstairs office, and really cleaned my room, and you've fucked up royally."  
Doctor Commerce stared at her in panic. "What do you mean, ma'am, you told
  me I would be punished viciously if I didn't clean the house today and I've
  been up since dawn working on it, I&mdash;" Doctor Commerce began sobbing,
  and Sadie was completely impatient with him.Leaning down, she slapped the middle
  aged heart doctor viciously across the face, and he burst into tears. "Doc,
  there's a wastebasket knocked over right in this room, and you've done nothing
  about it." Doctor Commerce, bending over on his hands and knees, looked around,
  puzzled. "Where, Miss Sadie?"  
&nbsp;   
Sadie stepped behind Doctor Commerce and swiftly kicked over the small wastebasket
  against the wall, shaking out all the lipsticked Kleenexes that he'd had to
  use the night before when she'd dressed him up like a ballerina and forced
  him to suck off truckers down on the waterfront. Hearing the noise, Doctor
  Commerce turned aro und and saw what she'd done. "Now wait a minute, Miss Sadie,
  you've just knocked that over, and it's not fair!" he protested. "I gave up
  my tennis tournament and spent seven hours cleaning this place on my one day
  off in three weeks, no operations, this was my day, because you punished me
  so severely the other day for neglecting my work, and you thrashed me&nbsp;with
  a length of garden hose and made me write "I will be a more effective houseboy" 1,000
  times, and so I canceled the tournament to scrub all day, and now you've knocked
  the basket over, and that's just not fair."  
"What? How dare you question me!" Sadie screamed, and the startled physician
  backed off. This was what Sadie had been waiting for. She grabbed her rattan
  cane, from the window ledge and flexed it. It certainly was better than the
  one she'd used on him the other day, that one had broken on his jaw, but then
  again rattan was an organic material that dried out easily in Sadie's experience.
  It always broke after the first dozen uses. But Sadie was smart now and had
  several of them, and she began whipping the startled physician with vigor,
  and as she went at it, she remembered the text of Miss Maple's talk ten months
  before:  
&nbsp;   
Miss Maple had said &quot;Sadie,Dee is going to have to drop out of the business
  college. She types nineteen words a minute, cannot seem to learn any of the
  computer programs, and her filing and accounting skills are abysmal. But&nbsp;as
  you know, she and Norbert are engaged to be married, and she is going to move
  with him to a post abroad, so it just doesn't matter.&quot; Sadie had smiled. &quot;Well
  that's good, and she seems happy with Norbert. Dee says she uses the same techniques
  on him to clean their house as he uses on his troops, except of course she
  lashes his bare ass with a buggy whip when he cleans the bathroom with a toothbrush.&quot; Miss
  Maple had&nbsp;smiled patiently.  
&quot;Yes, Sadie. Dee is going to have a marvelous life, as she is a good
  domme, and she and Norbert I think are going to be quite successful, and so
  her dismal office skills don't really matter.&quot; Miss Maple leaned onto
  the desk and looked carefully in Sadie's eyes. &quot;Sadie, Dee only types
  nineteen words a minute, but you only type four words a minute.  
You're easily distracted in class, you skip school to go to plays and art
  museums, and spend most of your study time reading French novels. I would recommend
  that you get a college scholarship, but I know your love of art and literature
  would preclude your studying anything practical, and academics don't make much
  more than secretaries these days, now that tenure is out the door. And as you've
  told me, you have little aptitude for retail, sales or anything in the restaurant
  line...your temper, like mine, is suspect.I actually can't see you taking orders
  from anyone, really, certainly any men.&quot;  
Sadie had giggled. It was true. She'd been fired from the tie counter at
  Neiman Marcus for slapping a fresh security guard, and then telling a customer
  his breath was bad.&nbsp;Her one and only day as a waitress had ended with
  her up-ending a bowl of hot broth on a diner's head because he'd referred to
  her as a &quot;slow broad&quot;. But it was true, she was hopeless. And work
  was boring, anyway. &quot;I'm sorry, Miss Maple, it's true...my mom always
  told me that I wasted all my time reading useless books and running around
  with my good-for-nothing friends...it's a problem.&quot;  
Miss Maple had finished her talk with Sadie by telling her that in spite
  of all this, she'd acquired Sadie a good position as a personal assistant to
  a famous cardiologist. &quot;The job involves travel and excitement, and the
  pay is eighty-five thousand dollars a year, just for you.&quot; Miss Maple
  had smiled. Sadie had been utterly staggered.  
&nbsp;&quot;But..but you just said I can't do anything.&quot; Sadie had paused. &quot;Oh,
  before I forget. Aubrey left some dust inside one of the gravy boats when he
  was polishing your silver, so I tied him to the ceiling hook in your basement
  dungeon and I put clover clamps on his nipples, and rubbed Ben Gay on his balls.
  This is his day off, so he won't be missed anyway, and when I get home,I'm
  going to thrash him with a length of barbed wire I found. Isn't that a great
  idea? It just came to me, what a punishment. But anyway about this personal
  assistant job, I can't do it, 'cause I have no skills.&quot;  
Miss Maple had only laughed.  
The End  
Want More? Justincbenedict@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





