BDSM Library - Birthday Preasent




Birthday Preasent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman comes home to find that a friend from her past has left her a very special birthday gift.WARNING: ADULT MATERIAL   
The following narrative contains strong language and graphic accounts of
  adult situations, both realistic and fantastic, that some persons may find
  objectionable, vulgar, or even obscene. Such situations include, but are not
  limited to, graphic sex, illicit sex, violent sex, incest, bestiality, snuff,
  rape, commercial murder, erotic murder, terrorism, cannibalism, pedophilia,
  consumption of feces and urine, unrestrained violence, recreational murder,
  illicit drug use, occultism, and desecration of religious and political symbols.
  Audio media, visual media, and print media containing such strong language
  and/or depictions of such adult situations is collectively referred to, in
  the vernacular, as pornographic material. This narrative should be regarded
  as pornographic material, intended as entertainment only, and to be read or
  viewed only by adults in full control of their mental and emotional faculties,
  and who choose, of their own free will, to read, listen to, and/or view such
  material in private. The author of this narrative accept no responsibility
  for unintended reading, hearing, or viewing of any pornographic material, including
  this narrative, by persons not included in the group described, or for any
  harm resulting, either directly or indirectly, from unintended reading, hearing,
  or viewing of any pornographic material, including this narrative. The author
  of this narrative strongly supports all efforts to protect children, the mentally
  and/or emotionally infirm, and persons unwilling to read or view pornographic
  material from deliberate exposure to pornographic material. Parents!
  Protect your children! Monitor their behavior and activities, and know who
  their friends, associates, and acquaintances are. Do not permit them to read
  or view any pornographic material, including this narrative, and resist any
  attempt by any person to provide or otherwise make available to them any pornographic
  material. The author of this narrative strongly urges all persons to report
  to the proper authorities any deliberate attempt by any person to knowingly
  make pornographic material available to children. Any attempt to provide pornographic
  material to the mentally and/or emotionally infirm is ill advised, and the
  author strongly condemns any such attempt.   All persons unwilling
  to read, listen to, or view pornographic material have the right to refuse
  to read, listen to, or view pornographic material. The following narrative
  is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between persons in this narrative and
  other persons, be they living, dead, or fictional creations, is entirely coincidental.  
&copy;2004 by Robin Lane  
robinlanestories@yahoo.com  
http://robinlaneonextremeerotica.blogspot.com/  
Birthday Present   
By  
Robin Lane   
Diane drove her black Lincoln Town Car up the dirt road to her tall, whitewashed
  two-story frame house north of Las Vegas, and parked in front of the porch,
  too tired from the day's work to bother with driving around to the back and
  putting it in the garage. She turned off the car, and sat in her comfortable,
  yellow leather seat for a few minutes with eyes closed, catching her breath
  and thanking her lucky stars the day was over. Underneath the brownish-red
  business suit she wore, her big, heavy tits heaved visibly with each breath.
  Finally, she smoothed her skirt, grabbed her purse, opened the car door, and
  stepped out into the late autumn Nevada evening sunlight. The air was cool.
  That was a relief. She smiled, and walked up the worn wood plank steps to the
  front porch under the gable. She didn't bother to lock the car door. It was
  very unlikely that anyone would come all the way out here to her lonely little
  house in the middle of the desert just to steal her car. Anyone who did come
  out here, she knew, must have had a reason for making the long drive.  
She stepped heavily up the steps, her black high-heeled dress shoes making
  heavy clomping noises as the planks creaked beneath her. She wasn't that heavy,
  but the steps needed work. She reached into her black purse, took out her house
  key, and opened the screen door. It creaked in protest. She inserted the key
  in the knob, and turned. It seemed to turn easily, but she decided to ignore
  it for now. Her mind was on other things.  
It was, after all, her birthday, and no one at the law office so much as
  offered a "happy birthday" greeting or a card. She shook her head as she pushed
  the door open, thinking that she would even have bent over for a bare-bottom
  birthday spanking if they had asked. She entered her house, and shut the door
  behind her.  
Inside, the entry was dark, as the sun was just now falling behind the distant
  desert horizon. She flipped on a switch, and the overhead chandelier flickered
  to life, casting a glow on the sparsely furnished entryway. The multi-colored
  tapestry of two nude women caught her attention for a moment. Once again, as
  she had done thousands of times, she looked at the women in the tapestry and
  admired the curves of their bodies and the soft smiles on their faces as they
  held each other lovingly. Reluctantly, she turned away from the sight, dropped
  her keys in the shallow basket on the polished oak curio table next to her,
  and flipped her long, crimped blonde locks out of her weary face. She sighed
  heavily as she walked through the wide double doors into the richly furnished
  living room, and stopped short, her eyes wide with confused wonder.  
there, in the middle of the room, between the French-provincial entertainment
  center and the flower print French sofa, stood a big square box about four
  feet square. It was wrapped in red tissue paper with party hats and noisemakers
  printed on it, and studded with glittering stars in many colors. The entire
  package was topped with a huge white bow, tied around a bouquet of white and
  yellow roses.  
Dumbfounded for the moment, but instantly curious, Diane considered who might
  have left such a gift. Only one other person in the world had a key to her
  house, and she was supposedly almost four hundred miles away. But there couldn't
  be any other explanation. This huge box could only be from Amber of Amber Farm,
  her client and friend... and almost her Mistress, but that was years ago. Diane
  knew she had sent Lady Amber three new candidates for her farm family, and
  she hadn't heard anything back since... at least until now.  
Cautiously, Diane set her purse on the curio table next to the wall, and
  approached the box. On top, next to the huge white bow and almost hidden by
  the roses was a large, almost exactly square pink envelope. She picked it up
  and looked at the front. She saw bold, graceful handwriting that seemed familiar.
  It read, 'To my beloved Diane,' and under that a print of someone's lips...
  in red, as if someone wearing lipstick had kissed it. As she picked up the
  envelope, she noticed a faint, sweetly chemical odor, and put the envelope
  under her nose. She smiled and moaned... 'Mmmmm...&quot; as she recognized
  the scent. Le` Parisian perfume... one of her favorites, and she only knew
  one other woman, beside herself who wore it. Feeling a bit excited now, Diane
  smiled and gently ran one of her long fingernails under the sealed flap of
  the envelope, tearing it open.  
She pulled the card from the envelope, and more of the sweet, exciting perfume
  wafted to her nostrils. She breathed deeply of it as she turned the card over.
  The front of the card was a textured relief print of lovely yellow and pink
  roses, dusted with a sprinkling of glitter. At the top, she read the gold embellished
  words... 'A very HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my favorite person in the world!' Diane
  smiled again, feeling sure she knew whom the card... and the gift... was from.
  She opened the card, and read the caption.  
It's been long since I lay   
In the warmth of your arms   
My heart's with you this day   
Though I'm here on the farm   
   
The times we once shared   
Were rare gifts from above   
But you're still in my dreams   
My Darling... My Love   
   
HAPPY BIRTHDAY   
   
Under the sweet verses, she saw more of the same bold handwriting as on the
  envelope, and she smelled a stronger scent of the perfume. She read the handwritten
  note.  
 
   My sweet Diane,   
   
I knew I wouldn't catch you at home, and I my business didn't allow
      me time to go into town to find you, so I let myself in with the key you
      gave me. Under the box is the best birthday gift I could think to give
      you. I know you will like it. You've said before that you've wanted one
      of these for a long time, and when I found it, I couldn't resist getting
      it and preparing it for you. Let me know how you like your gift! I look
      forward to hearing how much fun you have with it, and next time I am down
      that way I PROMISE I will spend a day (or maybe several weeks... tee hee...)
      with you and we can play with it together!   
So... Happy Birthday, Lover... and ENJOY!   
Missing you...   
   
Amber   
   
Under the note was another slightly smudged lipstick kiss. Diane let a tear
  of joy escape her eye before wiping it away. She was right. She DID know whom
  it was from. Memories came flooding back to her... the sweet hours she spent
  in Mistress Amber's dungeon, first as her slave and later as her student while
  Amber trained other slave girls. She felt a little disappointed that her friend
  had not been able to stay even for dinner or for the night, but it was always
  great to hear from Lady Amber, her Mentor, who taught her everything she knew
  about being a Mistress. As she lovingly closed the card and slipped it back
  into the envelope, she looked at the huge box. This was a really big gift.
  But, then again, Amber had always done everything a little bigger and better
  than everyone else.  
Diane placed the envelope on the mantle and approached the box slowly. As
  she stepped up to it, she wondered what it could be. She remembered talking
  with Lady Amber some many months before, but she could barely remember the
  conversation. It was mostly about sex, and how she kind of wished she was one
  of the Mistresses on her farm.  
She put her hands on the sides of the box. The box was light, and moved at
  her touch. Indeed, it seemed only to be a cover for whatever was inside, and
  all she had to do was lift it off. Still, she tried to guess what it was. She
  thought about the conversation in the coffee shop, and tried to remember what
  she said.  
She remembered talking about getting her slick cunt licked and her warm,
  soft tits sucked by the sluts on the farm. She didn't want to be a slut herself,
  as she wanted to use and spank and punish the Amber's beautiful, obedient,
  and very nasty little sluts... humiliation sluts, as Lady Amber trained them
  to be. Diane had always dreamed of having her own humiliation slut, but her
  dream included the slut being pregnant... and the bigger, the better. Amber
  didn't want a pregnant girl on her farm because of the nature of the work.
  The slave girls on Amber's farm were lovely and obedient, of course, but....  
Diane suddenly stopped thinking, and grasped the sides of the box. Nooooo!
  Lady Amber didn't... wouldn't... couldn't... could she?  
Could it be that Diane's amazing friend had found a way to make even this
  dream-like fantasy come to life? Her hands trembled as they gripped the sides
  of the feather-light box, and she smile widely, her eyes burning with excitement.
  She felt a fresh flow of hot cunt honey flow down the insides of her thighs,
  and her already tingling tits began throbbing and swelling in anticipation,
  the tiny brownish-pink nipples tingling and quivering. At last Diane could
  contain her curiosity no longer, and she lifted the box up, and flung it aside.  
A small, pale-skinned young girl with swirling tresses of golden blonde hair
  knelt on the floor where the box had been. She was naked, and her hands were
  behind her back... probably cuffed. Diane knew was Lady Amber's style. The
  kneeling girl's smooth, shapely thighs were spread wide, and between them hung
  the huge bulge of her pregnant belly. She was so swollen that her navel was
  force out, though no stretch marks at all defiled the lovely sight. Atop the
  pregnant belly lay two lovely massive tits with large, dark red aureoles and
  thick, stiff nipples, and they were flattened slightly by their own weight
  against the belly-bulge. The titflesh was completely blemishless... no marks
  or moles of any kind. Diane couldn't see even a single freckle! They were pale
  pinkish white, and almost sparkled ... as if begging to be looked and admired
  and squeezed... and more! Even in the fading light that came in through the
  windows, the kneeling girl's pinkish-white skin glowed. Her head was lowered
  in respect and humility, looking at the floor in front of Diane's feet.  
Diane could only stare in amazement at the lovely pregnant girl... or was
  she a slut... a trained humiliation slut, the kind Lady Amber liked. She knew
  Amber always trained new arrivals on her farm to be humiliation sluts. Diane
  knew what a humiliation slut was, of course, having been one herself once,
  groveling at Lady Amber's feet, which were always clad in shiny, patent leather
  black stiletto boots. She stared at the kneeling pregnant girl. Or, more properly,
  the pregnant slut! 'Mustn't call her a girl,' she thought, knowing that a good
  humiliation slut always rejected any semblance of dignity or worth as something
  she could never be worthy of. And if this... birthday present... was indeed
  a trained humiliation slut, she would refuse any reference to herself that
  implied she had any worth beyond what her Mistress had use for. Diane smiled.
  It was time to find out.  
"Look up at me!" Diane commanded, and slowly the kneeling pregnant slut raised
  her face toward her. Diane could see no fear or apprehension at all in the
  blue-gray eyes. Indeed, the slut's sparkling eyes and sweet face betrayed only
  adoration and worship. Diane moved closer, and glared down at the big-belly,
  then smiled at the slut. She could smell a hint of perfume, and the slut's
  breath seemed minty and fresh.  
Diane smiled wickedly again. "What is your name?" she asked.  
The slut's adoring eyes only blinked, and she spoke in a high, soft, whiney
  voice that dripped with respect and graceful humility. "This one has no name,
  Mistress," she said, "except such as you may call her."  
Diane considered that for a moment, but decided to push on. "Why are you
  here?"  
"This slut is here as Mistress Diane's gift on her birthday, from Mistress
  Diane's friend, Lady Amber," said the slut, her voice unchanging, &quot; I
  have in my hand the second part of Lady Amber's gift, and with Mistress Diane's
  kind permission, I will show it to you.  
"Do so," replied Diane, her lust subsiding for a moment to focus on this.  
The kneeling pregnant slut drew her hands around in front, and held them
  up to Diane, offering her the plain, thick black leather collar. It was loose,
  and the ends were fitted with the two parts of a shiny steel clasp. In the
  loop of the clasp was a small gold padlock with a tiny key. The slut spoke
  again. "If Mistress Diane will accept this slut, being a gift for her birthday
  from your friend, Lady Amber, then this slut begs that you to claim her by
  locking this collar around her neck. Should Mistress accept this slut as her
  property, and signify that claim by placing the collar around her neck, this
  slut will surrender willingly and gladly to Mistress Diane. This humble slut
  is unworthy of the honor of wearing the collar, or of being Mistress Diane's
  owned property, or even to take up space in her home. But if Mistress Diane
  should accept her, then this worthless slut swears that she will surrender
  utterly to you, and will joyfully obey your slightest command, and will eagerly
  serve your merest wish or need, and will love you always with her entire worthless
  being. This I swear with all my heart, mind, soul, and body, oh Sweet Mistress
  Diane. This slut begs you to take her and allow her to surrender to you. Please,
  oh please, take this slut to be yours and accept the gift of her complete and
  total surrender." The kneeling pregnant slut held the collar up higher, and
  bowed her head low.  
Diane laughed to herself. Amber must have trained this pregnant little slut
  to make that speech, though in truth, the slut did sound sincere in saying
  it. She looked down at the black leather collar in the slut's upturned hands,
  and thought a moment. If she did accept her, it would be a great responsibility,
  but would also be a wonderful opportunity to get what she had always dreamed
  about; full and complete control of an obedient pregnant slut to whom she really
  owed nothing. Lady Amber was one smart woman! This kneeling little lump of
  pregnant slutflesh WAS the perfect addition to her dungeon in the basement.  
What the hell! How could she resist?  
Diane took the collar from the slut's small, dainty white hands, noticing
  that her fingernails were painted glossy pink. Immediately, the pregnant blonde
  slut drew her hands back around behind her back, which forced her lovely big
  titties to push forward as they lay on top of the quivering belly-bulge.  
"Look up!" commanded Diane. The slut slowly raised her head, her eyes almost
  closed, and Diane could swear she could see tears forming in the corners of
  the slut's lovely eyes. She smiled, opened the lock with the tiny key, and
  took it out of the loop. She then slipped the collar around the slut's long
  slender neck. The slut smiled, and the tears flowed down her cheeks, glistening
  on her sweet face. Diane grinned, knowing that they were tears of happiness.  
"I do accept the gift of your surrender, little slut," said Diane, "because
  you are a gift from my beloved friend, and because I enjoy how you beg so sweetly
  and sincerely." She pulled the ends of the collar together, pushed the loop
  through the clasp, put the shank through the loop, and snapped it shut, locking
  the collar around the slut's neck. She then took the key and put it on the
  mantle next to the birthday card. She turned back to her kneeling slut. "There!
  You are now mine!"  
The slut whimpered loudly and began weeping openly in her joy, and she leaned
  forward, lowering her tear-sparkled face to Mistress Diane's shoes. She cradled
  her new Mistress' feet in her small, delicate hands, and began smothering them
  with tiny soft kisses. "Oh, thank you... thank you, my Mistress. Thank you
  for blessing this worthless piece of girl-filth with a collar. Thank you for
  claiming her as your own property and for allowing her to love and worship
  and obey you. Thank you, oh Sweet Mistress... thank you... thank you...."  
Diane laughed to herself, enjoying how the pregnant little slut worshiped
  her feet so eagerly... even gratefully. But now she had to find out more about
  her birthday gift, and the best place to do that was down in the dungeon. She
  stepped back away from the slut's adoring kisses, and turned toward the hall
  entrance at the far end of the living room. "Follow me!" she commanded, and
  began walking toward the hall.  
The pregnant slut caught her breath, and stopped sniffling. Then she stood
  up on her hands and knees, and began crawling after Diane. The Mistress glanced
  back, and noticed the slut crawling. She stopped, and a confused look spread
  across her face. The slut stopped in her tracks as well, breathing hard and
  trembling visibly. "Why are you crawling?" asked Mistress Diane, not sure what
  she should command the slut to do, "Can't you walk?"  
The slut spoke, and her voice was thin and fearful, as if she were terrified
  that she had done something wrong. "This slut can walk," she said, "but she
  is unworthy to stand in her Mistress' home. Mistress' beautiful floor should
  not be defiled with this slut's nasty feet, and this slut resents herself that
  Mistress' floor should bear her weight at all."  
"What do you mean?" asked Diane, "and look up at me so I can see your eyes."  
The slut trembled on her hands and knees, but did raise her face to Diane's,
  her golden locks shimmering in the light as her body quivered, causing her
  hanging tits to jiggle slightly. "This slut is glad Mistress' has decided to
  claim her, and bless her with the beautiful collar," she said, "but she is
  unworthy to be in Mistress' wonderful world. The floor bears her, though she
  has no right to expect the floor to bear her. This slut hates every breath
  she takes because the air would more rightly go into her Beloved Mistress lungs.
  She hates herself because she will require water and food, and she everything
  she consumes should instead go to refresh and strengthen her Mistress. This
  slut is utterly without value or right, Mistress. She is a waste of perfectly
  good empty space. She would have no reason to exist at all, were it not for
  Mistress' collar."  
Diane laughed. "Very well!" she said presently, "I see Lady Amber has trained
  you well. You are right! You ARE unworthy to have my floor bear you. But, we
  must do what we can. Now, follow me. I am going to show you your new home." She
  turned again toward the dark hallway, and entered it. The pregnant slut crawled
  in after her.  
In the dim hallway, opposite the swinging doors that led to the dining room,
  Diane found a narrow door on the left side, and opened it. She reached inside
  and flipped a switch on the wall. A small dim bulb on the high ceiling above
  her flickered then burned dimly, barely casting enough light to illuminate
  the narrow stairway that turned sharply left several steps below. She turned
  toward the crawling slut. "Close the door behind you," she ordered, and started
  down the creaking wood steps. The pregnant slut followed her in, stopping just
  long enough to turn, rise up, and pull the door shut. Then she continued crawling
  down the steps... head first, with her ass raised high in the air.  
Diane came to the bottom of the steps, which opened up into a huge dark space.
  A few moments later, her pregnant slut, who still had no name, came crawling
  down the last of the steps and stood on hands and knees behind and to her right. "Stay
  here for a moment." said Diane.  
"Yes, Mistress," replied the pregnant blonde slut, her voice meek and soft.  
Diane moved around to the left, searching the shelf about head-high with
  her hands. She found a small box, opened it, and took out one of the matches.
  She struck the match on the concrete wall, and it flared to life with a hiss
  and a whiff of sulfur. The slut stood on hands and knees in place, as commanded.  
Diane then took a small white candle from the shelf, and lit it with the
  match, which she then blew out. Her naked boobs glowed in the flickering candlelight.
  Slowly, using one hand to protect the flame from the breeze, she moved further
  into the darkness until she found a brass oil lamp mounted on the wall. Almost
  solemnly, she lit the lamp, which glowed brightly, driving back the darkness.
  She then moved further down the wall, and lit the next one. She continued around
  the room lighting the brass oil lamps mounted on the wall, eight of them in
  all. Lit, they filled the basement with a soft dull glow, revealing the dungeon's
  contents.  
On the wall to the right, a long strip of wood stretched horizontally across
  the concrete wall, secured with strong concrete screws. It bore many brass
  hooks, and from each hook hung an instrument of the Mistress' craft. There
  were several wooden paddles of different lengths, shapes, and colors but all
  with holes drilled in them. There was also one long brown flogger and one shorter
  black flogger, a coiled black whip, a long thin leather strap, several kinds
  of cuffs with buckling straps, a spreader bar, and several lotus clamps on
  chains. At the far end, next to a rusty water faucet, hung a red rubber enema
  bag with a long white tube that ended in a narrow nozzle. Below the hanging
  toys stood a small black chest on a rickety wooden table.  
Just out from the wall stood a two-by-four sawhorse covered with stained
  green carpet. The sawhorse's legs each had a leather cuff that fastened with
  a buckle, but for now each was open. More toward the center of the room, a
  square rack hung from a cable that ran through a pulley bolted to the rafter,
  then ran along the rafter to another pulley, and finally down to a hand winch
  mounted on the wall. More toward the left wall, a circular rack hung from a
  single shaft that itself was bolted to another rafter. From this rack hung
  several chains, some with one clasp at the end, others with two lotus clamps.
  The rack turned freely when Diane brushed the chains as she passed under it,
  returning to the pregnant slut on the floor. The slut lowered her head in humility
  as her Mistress approached.  
Diane smiled down at the slut. "Come," she said, and she turned toward the
  other wall. The slut crawled meekly along behind her. Diane came to the far
  wall, found the right edge of a heavy black drape, and drew it to the left.
  It revealed an arching stone construction that resembled a huge fireplace,
  but the opening had been replaced with heavy bars with their ends embedded
  in the concrete. A rusty steel bar door hung in the center of the vertical
  bars, turning the space behind it into a prison cell. Diane turned the handle
  on the door, and it swung open with an echoing rusty screech. Inside, only
  a small candleholder with no candle, and a small tin pail stood on the bare
  concrete floor. The cell could not have been more than six feet long by four
  feet deep by six feet high, and nothing covered the bare rough concrete floor,
  just like the rest of the dungeon.  
Diane stood back, and looked at the slut on the floor. "Take a look inside," she
  commanded. Slowly, the big-titted pregnant slut crawled forward, stopped with
  her head just inside, and looked around.  
"This is where my slut will stay while I am not using her," said Diane, "The
  pail is for you to relieve yourself into, and the candleholder is for light
  when I decide you must study. You can read, can't you?"  
"Yes, Mistress," said the slut softly, "this one can read."  
"Good," said Diane, &quot;You will notice that there is no blanket, bed,
  or pillow in your cell for you to sleep on. I believe that my slut should earn
  these things, and get them only when I say she has earned them."  
"This slut is unworthy of comforts," said the slut, "The cell is beautiful,
  oh Mistress. Your slut feels so blessed that Mistress sees fit to bless her
  with such a wonderful place to rest when she is not serving her Mistress. Thank
  you, Mistress, for this gift, and please accept this filthy little slut's most
  humble and heartfelt gratitude." The slut turned slightly, and again kissed
  each one of Diane's high-heeled shoes.  
"Okay, enough," said Diane with a smile, "Stay here a moment."  
"Yes, Mistress," said the slut in her soft, humble voice.  
Diane turned around again, and went to the far wall. There, on a short, wide
  platform covered with red carpet, stood a wood-frame chair with a high, carved-wood
  back. The wide arms were also of carved dark wood, but the wide seat was upholstered
  with thick, soft padding and covered with red silk. Diane stepped onto the
  carpeted platform, turned, and plopped her naked, quivering ass cheeks down
  into the chair. She sat there, resembling a queen in the warm, flickering lamplight,
  and smiled wickedly. "Come kneel on the bare floor before your Mistress, little
  slut!" she called. Immediately, the pregnant little slut turned on her knees,
  and crawled quickly over in front of her Mistress. She stopped just short of
  the platform, and knelt up straight, thighs parted wide, hands behind her back,
  tits thrust forward and laying like quivering blobs of jelly on the big, pregnant
  belly. She kept her lovely blue-gray eyes downcast, Diane knew, because she
  was unworthy to look upon her Mistress... at least until commanded to.  
"Look at your Mistress!"  
The kneeling slut raised her face and worshiped her Mistress with her eyes,
  silently expressing only awe and wonder and boundless love. Her tits heaved
  on her beautiful chest, supported by the belly-bulge. She trembled slightly,
  causing her boobs and belly to wobble and shimmer in the lamplight.  
"Lady Amber trained you, right?" asked Diane.  
The pregnant slut nodded. "Yes, Mistress. Lady Amber trained this slut hard
  and well to prepare her to be your birthday gift."  
"Good," said Diane with an evil grin, "Then you should know how to handle
  these questions." She leaned forward, and glared into the kneeling, pregnant
  slut's adoring eyes. "Who am I?" she asked sternly.  
"You are this one's Mistress," said the pregnant slut, "You are her Goddess
  and her Judge and her Protector. You are worthy of her devotion and adoration
  and service. You are all to this slut, oh sweet Mistress, and without you this
  one has no existence."  
"Good," said Diane with a grin, "Who are you?"  
"This one is nothing, oh Mistress," said the slut, and hung her head in shame, "Her
  only reason for existing is to worship, love, cherish, and obey her beloved
  Mistress Diane. She owns nothing... not even her mind, heart, soul, or the
  body she inhabits. All that is part of this slut belongs solely to Mistress
  Diane, and she is an unfit possession to her Mistress. She owes her Mistress
  her life, her love, and her obedience, and knows that Mistress owes her nothing,
  and may use this unworthy slut as she sees fit." Her words trailed off almost
  to incomprehensible silence as she finished the sentence.  
"That's right," said Diane, and looked down her nose at the humble, trembling
  slut's big belly. "I know I can refer to you however I like, but it seems odd
  to me that you do not have a name. What was your name before you met Lady Amber?"  
The kneeling slut swallowed hard, and almost spoke, but the words failed
  to appear.  
"Speak!"  
"Oh, Mistress," said the slut, her voice pleading, "Lady Amber commanded
  this slut to forget her former name because she is unworthy to have one. But
  she also said that, if Mistress Diane wishes, she may give this slut a name,
  which I will cherish and love and be very grateful for... for my beloved Mistress'
  sake."  
"I see," said Diane, nodding her head, and she leaned against the back of
  the throne. "Well, I must call you something. How about 'Cindy?' Do you like
  that name?"  
"Oh, Mistress," said the slut, her voice almost desperate, "You may give
  this one that name if you wish, but it would not be proper. This one is a humiliation
  slut, utterly without dignity or value. It is more appropriate that any name
  she bears reflect her worthlessness and insignificance. Lady Amber taught her
  this."  
"And she was right, of course," said Diane, "she trained you as a humiliation
  slut, so it would be wrong to afford you anything dignified." She leaned forward
  a bit again. "A humiliation slut. Hmmm. I know that people often give nicknames
  to people based on what they do. Lady Amber trained you to act like a slut,
  yes? To behave in shameful and degrading ways?"  
The slut's eyes brightened, and she almost smiled. "Oh, yes, dear Mistress," she
  said, "Lady Amber spent much time with this one, teaching her how to entertain
  and delight her Mistress with her pain, her nastiness, and her shame."  
"Very well," said Diane, "Delight your Mistress for just a moment. Do something
  really slutty and filthy and degrading."  
"Yes, Mistress" said the kneeling, blonde-haired slut, "Thank you, Mistress,
  for allowing this one to serve you with her obedience." She stood silent for
  a moment, eyes downcast, and Diane knew the slut was thinking about it.  
After a few moments, the slut looked up at her Mistress and smiled brightly.
  Then she began twisting her shoulders back and forth vigorously, causing her
  heavy tits to bounce back and forth over her pregnant belly. They flowed and
  jiggled merrily, flopping against each other as she shook them from side to
  side. Diane laughed with delight at the show, enjoying the sight of two heavy
  bags of warm titmeat bouncing and quivering and flopping back and forth. After
  a few moments, the slut stopped. "Did Mistress find delight in this slut's
  performance?" asked the pregnant one, &quot;she tried very hard to be slutty
  and nasty for Mistress."  
"It worked, little one," said Diane, still smiling, "Those titties looked
  like they were having a lot of fun. I especially liked the way they bounced
  and jiggled from side to side over your belly and... Wait!" Her eyes brightened. "That's
  it! You have bouncy, jiggly boobs that are a lot of fun to watch, so that's
  how I will name you!" She leaned forward in her throne, and smiled at the slut. "What
  do you think of the name 'Tittygirl's, my happy little piece of fuckmeat?"  
"Tittygirl?" said the slut, then she smiled, "This slut thinks that is a
  very degrading and shameful name, and is thus perfect for her, Mistress."  
"Great!" said Diane, and she reached down to shake the pregnant slut's still
  quivering right tit by the stiff nipple, "That will be your name then. Welcome
  to your new home... Tittygirl!"  
Both Diane and her pregnant slut... Tittygirl... laughed with delight as
  she pinched the tender nipple and shook the tit back and forth then suddenly
  let go. Immediately, Mistress Diane's new pregnant humiliation slut leaned
  forward, careful not to touch the platform, and wept with joy as she worshiped
  her Mistress' feet. "Oh, thank you... thank you, dear sweet Mistress," she
  said between sobs, &quot;Your slut Tittygirl is so very grateful to her Mistress
  for blessing her with a name that properly reflects her filthy and shameful
  place in Mistress' life. She hopes that Mistress will delight herself with
  her slut, so that Tittygirl may show her how grateful she is for her beloved
  Mistress' sweet and cherished blessings." Tittygirl sniveled as she whimpered
  in joy, lavishing Diane's feet with soft kisses of appreciation.  
Diane let the pregnant little fucktoy worship her for several minutes, enjoying
  the spectacle of the soft, naked body groveling at her feet. At last, though,
  she decided it was time to move on. She reached down and gently took Tittygirl
  by her soft, pale shoulders. "Up on your knees, slut!" she commanded, and she
  steadied the pregnant slut as she rose as gracefully as she could to kneel
  before her Mistress. She still gazed downward, properly expressing that she
  had no right to look upon her Mistress' beauty. She kept her hands behind her
  back, her back straight to push her luscious titties and huge pregnant belly
  toward her Mistress, and her sleek, tender thighs widely parted. Diane put
  her hand out to lift Tittygirl's head gently by her chin. "Look up at your
  Mistress!" she commanded, and Tittygirl opened her soft eyes... eyes that expressed
  on emotion but utter joy and adoration.  
"What did Lady Amber teach you about being my humiliation slut?" asked Diane.  
"Oh, sweet Mistress," said Tittygirl, her voice dripping with love and awe
  as she gazed at the lovely Mistress on her throne, "Lady Amber trained this
  worthless lump of pregnant fuckfilth to completely surrender herself to her
  Mistress. She taught me that you will wish to train me to serve your every
  need, and that I should eagerly learn all that you teach me. She taught me
  that I will have only one function in my beloved Mistress' life; that being
  to provide my Mistress with pleasure, delight, and amusement, without regard
  for myself or my own needs. This miserable slut, who now wears your collar,
  oh sweet Mistress, seeks with all her heart, mind, soul and body to fulfill
  this roll in your life, and is humbly and deeply grateful to be allowed to
  do so."  
Diane smiled widely yet again, hearing the words. She spread her legs, exposing
  the steaming mound of her hot pink cunt, and pointed at the platform. "Come
  up here, slut!" she commanded. Tittygirl kept her hands behind her back, and
  moved clumsily, keeping her thighs parted, to step her knees up onto the platform.
  Once kneeling on the soft carpet, she looked up at Mistress Diane once again.  
"I will start your training tomorrow, Tittygirl," said Diane, "Right now,
  I just want to get to know my sweet little piece of nasty fuckmeat." She reached
  forward, and cradled Tittygirl head in her soft hands. The slut only responded
  with a loving smile and an adoring gaze. &quot;You are my property... My fucktoy
  to use and play with as I desire. Right, slut?"  
Tittygirl smiled wider, exposing perfect, white teeth that gleamed in the
  flickering lamplight. "Oh, yes, sweet Mistress," she said, almost sobbing the
  words in her joy and happiness at being touched by her Mistress, "Tittygirl
  is yours to command, use, and play with, and she will eagerly obey and surrender
  to you, Mistress."  
Diane moved her face to within a few inches of the pregnant slut, and gazed
  deeply into the submissive blue-gray eyes. "Then, I shall begin delighting
  myself with you right now!" She took her right hand away from the pregnant
  blonde slut's sweet, tear-stained face, drew it back, and swung hard to slap
  Tittygirl's soft, delicate cheek.  
WHAPPP!   
Tittygirl yelped in sudden pain as her head was jerked sideways, but Diane
  held her there, and quickly turned her back up so she could see Tittygirl's
  reaction. The slut's eyes poured tears that ran down her face in glistening
  rivulets, dripping from her chin to splatter and sparkle on her sweet titties,
  which jiggled and heaved as she sobbed in pain. Her soft cheek was quickly
  turning a bright, painful pink.  
Diane only smiled wickedly. "Why did I do that?" she asked the weeping slut.  
Tittygirl looked up into her Mistress steely, unforgiving eyes, and smiled
  through her pain and tears. "My beloved Mistress struck her worthless fuckmeat
  because she desired to do so," she said, her voice tremulous and weak, "This
  slut hopes that her beloved Mistress enjoyed slapping her worthless fucktoy's
  face. Tittygirl thanks you, oh sweet Mistress."  
Diane laughed at the pathetic kneeling slut, and drew her hand back again...  
WHAPPP! SMACK! THWACK! FWACK! FAPPP!   
S  he delivered several blows, forehanded and backhanded,
  across her slut's soft, defenseless face, until Tittygirl shrieked in pain
  and sobbed in agony. Still, when she lowered her hand, the pregnant blonde
  slut only looked back up at her, her face bright red from the blows, tears
  pouring freely from her adoring eyes. "Oh, yes, thank you, oh thank you, Mistress," she
  cried between sobs, 'Thank you for delighting yourself with your slut by slapping
  her face hard. This slut is so grateful for your attention and your touch,
  Mistress." Tittygirl body trembled visibly in the lamplight, making her sweet
  titties wobble atop the bulging pregnant belly. Her sobs echoed from the walls.  
Diane laughed with delight, enjoying the sight of the weeping little slut
  on her knees before her. "That was fun, you miserable little piece of nasty
  fuckfilth," she said between giggles, "I think I will have a lot of fun with
  you." She thrust out her hands, and seized Tittygirl's hard nipples in her
  dainty, strong fingers. The slut winced at the sudden pain, but only smiled
  wider. "Lean back!" the Mistress commanded, "as far as you can!" Just for fun,
  she began twisting the stiff nipples in her fingers like little doorknobs,
  and laughed harder at the naked, pregnant slut's groans of misery.  
Tittygirl obeyed, and pulled back away from her Mistress. Diane held her
  hands in the same place, forcing the warm blobs of titmeat to stretch. The
  slut moaned, her face contorted with the pain, but she still only leaned further
  backward, pulling hard on her nipples for the amusement of her Mistress.  
Diane looked down at the soft titties, pulled taught as she held the nipples.
  Her slut quivered in pain, but she only laughed, enjoying the sight. "You are
  very obedient, little slut," she said, twisting harder on the tormented nipples, "Now,
  look at me!" Tittygirl opened her eyes. Even in her obvious distress, her eyes
  expressed only deep love and worship for Mistress Diane. "It is my birthday
  today," she continued, "and I will enjoy my friend Lady Amber's gift immensely."  
Tittygirl only smiled, and forced herself to pull harder as her eyes adored
  the powerful, beautiful blonde Mistress. "Oh, yes, please Mistress!" she cried, "Take
  your pleasure with your slut! Tittygirl promises she will do her best to obey
  your commands and fulfill your desires. She swears it, oh sweet, glorious Mistress!"  
Diane giggled again, hearing the words. "I have some standing commands for
  you, slut," she said, her voice full of ridicule and contempt for the nasty,
  crying slut, &quot;You will never hide what you are feeling from Me, nor will
  you resist any treatment if choose to bless you with. I intend to amuse myself
  by making you suffer in pain and misery and shame. You will surrender yourself
  to it, and immerse yourself in it so that I, your Mistress, who rules you with
  absolute authority, can be entertained and amused by your suffering and your
  sobbing and your tears. Do you understand?"  
Tittygirl eyes lit up with excitement, and she cried loudly. "Oh, yes, sweet
  Mistress!" she said, her whining voice singing throughout the dungeon, "This
  unworthy slut promises to suffer deeply for her wonderful Mistress. She swears
  she will love and cherish every moment she is allowed to please her Mistress
  in every way Mistress may desire. This slut longs to hear your laughter and
  see joy in your eyes, Mistress! This nasty body is unworthy to be your toy,
  Mistress, but will gladly and eagerly accept whatever blessing you choose to
  bestow upon it. Please, oh Mistress, let this useless and humble slut amuse
  and entertain you with her suffering and her obedience, please Mistress, please!"  
Diane laughed again, and pulled harder on the nipples, making the weeping
  pregnant slut sob louder in her rapture. "Oh, I will, you pathetic little filth
  stain!" she said, &quot;Your Mistress commands you to beg for her blessings.
  You will never beg for mercy, though, as you are fit only to be punished and
  used and degraded as I see fit. No matter how deeply are severely you are suffering,
  you will beg for more. Your Mistress commands you to beg hard and often for
  the privilege of suffering for her! Do you understand that as well?"  
"Yes, Mistress," said Tittygirl, her smile becoming brighter and wider, "This
  slut promises to cry and beg hard and often for you, Mistress! Lady Amber taught
  this one that it is her place to suffer and beg for more so that her Mistress
  may be amused and entertained by it. This slut is so grateful to you Mistress,
  for blessing her tits with pain by stretching them. But it is not enough for
  you, Mistress! Please use and degrade and punish your slut, so that you can
  enjoy her suffering and her shame! This slut begs, oh dear, sweet Mistress...
  begs you with all her heart to use her and humiliate her and punish her hard...
  in any way you wish. This slut exists only to serve her Mistress with her obedience
  and her shame and her anguish. Please use your slut, Mistress, please!"  
Diane laughed loudly, and shook the slut's soft, heavy titties back and forth,
  slapping them against each other.  
Fap smap fap smack bap!   
The titties danced and jiggled happily, and she reveled in the spectacle
  of quivering, wobbling fuckflesh. Tittygirl threw her head back in ecstasy,
  relishing the blessing of her Mistress' rough manhandling of her titmeat. "Oh,
  yes, yes Mistress!" she cried, "More! Oh, please, more, Mistress! Your slut's
  tits are celebrating your sweet touch, and they are so grateful to you, Mistress,
  for being allowed to amuse you by dancing for you! Shake them, Mistress! Please,
  shake your slut's nasty, worthless funbags so they can jiggle and bounce for
  your, please, Mistress, please!"  
Diane laughed louder, feeling a pool of moisture beginning to form on the
  seat of her throne. She slapped the dancing titties together one last time,
  and then released them, laughing at them as they bounced back into place on
  Tittygirl chest, lying obscenely atop the huge pregnant belly. The slut knelt
  up straight, tears of joyful agony glimmering brightly on her smiling face. "Oh,
  thank you, Mistress!" she said, her voice racked with sobs and whimpers, "Thank
  you for blessing your slut by using her titmeat to entertain yourself. This
  wretched slut hopes you enjoyed using your slut-tits, and begs you, oh sweet,
  beloved Mistress, to use her more so she can delight you with her shame and
  tears! Please, Mistress... oh, please, use this nasty little slut for your
  delight, please Mistress!"  
"Oh, I will," said Diane, her voice almost singing, then she put her hands
  on Tittygirl's shoulders, and pushed the slut roughly off the throne platform.
  The pregnant slut tumbled clumsily to the concrete floor, her limbs flailing
  wildly to expose her shaved cunt and tight little brown asshole. The heavy
  tits jiggled obscenely as the massive, pregnant belly bobbled back and forth.
  Tittygirl lay sprawled on the floor, weeping in her joyful misery. Mistress
  Diane almost jumped out of her throne, her soft, delicate titties quivering
  and shimmering in the golden lamplight, and she scampered over to her birthday
  gift. Bending at the waist, she reached down and grabbed a handful of Tittygirl's
  golden hair, and half led, half dragged the clumsy slut to the center of the
  room... and pulled her up, forcing her to kneel on the cold floor under the
  wheel suspended from the ceiling.  
"Now, slut, we are going to get down to business!" Diane said, her voice
  carrying a mocking tone. The slut Tittygirl snapped eagerly up to a kneel,
  her hands behind her back, tits and belly thrust forward, and eyes downcast
  in surrender. She wept deeply, but her smile persisted. "Spread those legs
  as wide as you can, slutfilth, then bend and press the right side of your face
  to the floor, keeping that ass high. Reach behind you and spread those ass
  cheeks! I'm going to have some fun with that tight little asshole!"  
Tittygirl squealed in delight. "Yes, Mistress!" she exclaimed, "Oh, yes,
  yes! Thank you Mistress, for seeing fit to use this slut's asshole!" She eagerly
  but gracefully leaned forward without touching the floor with her hands, and
  pressed her right cheek to the floor, the rough concrete stinging the slapped
  skin. Then she reached around and seized the soft, milky globes of her ass,
  and pulled them apart to expose her throbbing asshole. Already, it gaped and
  pulsed, eager to welcome Mistress Diane's blessing.  
Giggling in delight, the Mistress scampered over to the chest against the
  west wall. She opened it, reached inside, and took out a thick red ponytail
  butt-plug with long black fronds. She looked at it for a moment, considering
  it's size, and decided it was indeed big enough to stretch Tittygirl's tight
  asshole painfully wide. She then reached up to the rack, and took down a long,
  stiff strap of hard brown leather. She whipped it once. It cut the air with
  ' fwish!'  sound, almost snapping like a whip. She chuckled
  wickedly, then moved lightly back to where Tittygirl crouched on the floor,
  obediently holding her ass cheeks apart. Diane looked between the pale globes,
  and her eyes widened with excitement upon seeing her slut's beautiful rear
  opening entry. The hole pulsed and throbbed, as if it were desperate to suck
  something, anything into the slut's bowels. Diane lowered herself to one knee,
  and set the strap on the floor for the moment. She moved the plug to aim it
  at the shaved cunt hole between Tittygirl's obscenely spread thighs, but stopped
  short. Her eyes widened with delighted surprise as she saw the slender pink
  lips quivering in the lamplight, so that the wetness that covered them shimmered
  like moonlight on a quiet lake. The lips parted slightly, giving way to the
  bright pink hole of the slut's nasty pussy. Girl-cum poured out of the hole
  in thick, pale globs that fell with a splat to the concrete, forming a shimmering
  steamy pool on the floor between the slut's knees. Diane breathed in the aroma
  of her slut's filthy pussy nectar, and continued.  
"Loosen up your pussy, slut!" commanded the Mistress, and immediately she
  could see Tittygirl's flesh respond, the hole relaxing visibly, gaping wider
  so that Diane could see the darkness inside. The slut was pouring pussy juice
  out of her hot, steamy pink cunt, so there was no need for any lubrication.
  Diane giggled, and put the tip of the plug to Tittygirl's pussy hole. Gently,
  at first, she pushed.  
The slut moaned with pleasure as the tip pushed apart the pink, slut-juice
  coated lips, and Diane felt the first resistance of the holes delicate rim.
  She pushed a little harder, and felt the slippery hole easily give way, stretching
  around the red plastic head of the ass plug. Tittygirl gasped, and began to
  slowly grind her hips against her Mistress invasion of her pussy, welcoming
  the plug as it stretched her wider. Diane giggled with delight, feeling her
  own pussy throb and her pink nipples tingle with excitement. She pushed harder,
  and the hole began to resist even as Tittygirl obscenely gyrated her smooth,
  shapely hips. The slut gasped louder, trying to force her pussy to open and
  suck the invader into the depths of her filthy, dripping cunt.  
Diane laughed out loud, and pushed hard on the plug. Tittygirl cried out
  in sudden, ripping pain. Then the plug slid quickly into the hot, nasty fuckhole
  with a loud 'slurp!' Diane grinned with lust as she watched the slut's twat
  snap shut around the plug's thick neck, holding it tight in her steamy pussy.
  Tittygirl moaned and wept softly, pulling harder on her ass cheeks. "Oh, that
  feels so good," she whined, "Oh, thank you, thank you, Mistress, for this sweet
  blessing."  
"It's not there to give you pleasure, slut," said Diane, "so don't you dare
  cum! You are too nasty and pathetic to be allowed pleasure, so I command you
  to resist it! I am using your cunt to lubricate my plug, so I will not have
  to work so hard to shove it up your ass."  
"Yes, Mistress," said Tittygirl, a touch of grief in her soft, musical voice, "This
  slut will not cum, Mistress, and never will unless you command it of her, and
  she begs you to punish her for the sin of feeling pleasure without permission.
  Please, Mistress, punish your slut hard for her wickedness, please Mistress
  please!"  
Diane, satisfied that the slut's begging was heartfelt, at least for the
  moment, turned her attention back to the toy in Tittygirl's hot, steamy cunt.
  The fronds hung down, curling in the small puddle of cunt honey on the floor.
  She took the base of the plug in her right hand, and twisted it around inside
  the pregnant slut's pussy, pushing it up and down and around and around and
  side to side, as if it were a joystick. Tittygirl responded by clawing harder
  at her spread ass cheeks, grunting thickly as she tried in vain to resist the
  stimulation of her slippery fuckhole. Cunt honey leaked out from around the
  toy, and dripped down the black fronds of the tail.  
Diane played with the toy for several minutes, wickedly driving Tittygirl
  toward orgasm. She listened with glee to the pregnant slut's moans and grunts,
  and enjoyed watching the soft, silky hips grind, the smooth alabaster skin
  glowing in the lamplight. At last, though, she decided that the plug had been
  lubricated enough, and yanked it roughly out of Tittygirl greedy cunt. It exited
  the slut with a loud 'Plurp!'  Steaming blobs of thick
  cunt honey almost squirted out of the hole, and plopped into the pale pool
  of girl-juice on the floor. The glistening wet hole remained wide open, gaping
  and throbbing, as if weeping because it had been so suddenly emptied. Slut
  juice leaked out of the hole like tears, shimmering as it collected on the
  slut's quivering stiff clit.  
Tittygirl whined with frustrated need, but Diane ignored her, and lifted
  the plug up so she could examine it in the light. It gleamed with moisture,
  covered with a thick, pale coating of pungent slut-slime. Pleased, Diane nodded
  to herself. She reached to her own nipples, and gave each a little pinch, and
  they immediately responded, contracting and stiffening at her touch. The tingling
  in them intensified, and the Mistress resisted the urge to squeeze her own
  soft, pale titties. She felt her cunt leaking her own juices, and she looked
  down between her smooth white thighs. Her own cunt honey was pale yellow, almost
  golden, and flowed in lumpy blobs down the inside of her thigh. The sight...
  and the smell... excited her further, and she fought hard against the urge
  to finger-fuck her throbbing, needy twat.  
She forced herself to keep her attention on Tittygirl's luscious upturned
  ass, the small, soft hands pulling the white ass cheeks far apart as the pregnant
  slut surrendered her asshole to her Mistress. It was time. Diane moved the
  glistening wet plug to Tittygirl's tight ass entrance, and put the tip directly
  to the throbbing, gaping hole. Tittygirl body quivered, her ass cheeks covered
  in excited goose bumps, and she strained to pull harder on her trembling ass
  cheeks. The slut's dark pink asshole throbbed visibly, almost like a spasm,
  and the dark pink skin of her sphincter swelled and pulsed against the wet
  red plastic plug.  
Diane suddenly got a wicked idea. She held the plug's tip firmly against
  Tittygirl's beautiful ass entrance, and lifted her other hand high. She made
  a solid fist, held her breath, then brought the fist down HARD onto the base
  of the ass plug like a sledgehammer on a tiny nail, driving the red plastic
  toy deep into Tittygirl's delicate fuckmeat. The plug instantly vanished to
  the neck into the tight hole, and Tittygirl's screamed in agony at the sudden,
  merciless invasion of her sensitive ass opening. She sobbed and wailed and
  blubbered in misery, but her asshole, assailed as savagely as it was, still
  slammed shut around the neck of the plug, locking it inside her.  
Diane took her hands away, and admired the sight. It was sweet and beautiful!
  A thick, red plug buried to the hilt in the pregnant slut's soft, lovely ass.
  The fronds, still gleaming with their coating of slut filth, hung down almost
  to the concrete floor, almost hiding the glistening pink cunt lips from her
  view. Tittygirl sobbed in agony, her small body almost convulsing, but she
  still clawed at her sweet round ass cheeks, keeping them pulled apart for her
  Mistress. Diane could see the slut's swollen belly quiver and shimmy in the
  golden light. She listened with relish to Tittygirl's pathetic sobs and wails
  of anguish, delighting in the music of the slut's sweet suffering as she wallowed
  in humiliation for her amusement.  
Diane rose to her feet, her excitement building in her, making her cunt and
  asshole throb and her nipples tingle. Grinning widely, she scampered around
  to stand in front of the weeping Tittygirl, deliberately taking short, quick
  steps to make her titties and ass bunz jiggle. She stood above Tittygirl, who
  still clutched desperately at her soft round ass bunz, straining to pull them
  further away from each other! She was lovely... truly lovely, thought Diane.
  She thanked Lady Amber in her heart for giving her such a delightful birthday
  present... a beautiful, trained slut, full nine-months pregnant when acclimated
  with Factor-X, and that now whimpered in misery on the floor of her own dungeon,
  lost in her suffering and shame for Diane's amusement. The Mistress bent again,
  grabbed a handful of Tittygirl's soft blonde hair, and yanked up. "On your
  feet for your Mistress, you nasty slut!" she said gruffly, forcing as much
  contempt and ridicule as she could into her voice. The whimpering slut at on
  the floor released her bunz, and whimpered as she stumbled clumsily to her
  feet to stand quivering and shaking before the fearsome power of her Mistress.
  She stood with her trembling hands behind her back, thighs wide to keep her
  dripping cunt available, tits and belly thrust forward, and eyes downcast.
  She wept bitterly, trembling miserably before her beloved Mistress.  
Diane let go of the slut's hair, and firmly slapped her sweet, miserable
  face again.  
THWACK!    
"Ouch!" cried Tittygirl, and her weeping deepened, her tears flowing faster,
  dripping from her face onto the jiggling mounds of titmeat.  
Diane only laughed at the slut's suffering, then spoke. "What slut skills
  did Lady Amber teach you, slut?" she asked, and Tittygirl looked up at her,
  worshiping her glorious and beloved Mistress with her eyes, "Did she teach
  you any movements?"  
"Yes, Mistress," said Tittygirl softly and humbly, "Lady Amber saw fit to
  teach this slut the Pony Prance, the Elephant Walk, and the Crab Crawl, so
  that she may delight her Mistress with them."  
"Good," said Diane, "How does the plug in your ass feel?"  
"It hurts, Mistress," said Tittygirl, "Thank you for making this slut suffer
  the pain and shame of the ass plug for you, Mistress, and she hopes that you
  enjoyed plugging her."  
"I did, trust me," laughed Diane, and the worshiping pregnant slut smiled
  widely and laughed with her. Diane looked a bit confused. "Why do YOU laugh,
  slut?"  
"Oh, Mistress," said Tittygirl, her voice pouring out her love and devotion
  to Diane, "this worthless slut's loves her Mistress deeply, totally, and completely.
  Your smile is the most beautiful sight in the world to these unworthy eyes,
  and your sweet laughter is music that these ears are not good enough to hear.
  This one is a humiliation slut, Mistress, and she wears your magnificent collar.
  Her greatest joy is your happiness. She lives to delight her Mistress and fill
  her life with pleasure and joy. You are so very beautiful and worthy of this
  one's devotion, my Mistress... my Goddess...." Tears of joy sprang anew on
  the slut's face. "Oh, please Mistress! Use your slut's fuckflesh and enjoy
  her suffering. Amuse yourself with her so you can smile and laugh more and
  more each day... each hour. Please, Mistress... Tittygirl begs to be allowed
  to suffer and weep for you, and to witness the glory and beauty of your smile
  and hear your wonderful laughter... please, oh please, sweet Mistress... use
  your slut!"  
Diane could hold back her delight no longer, and her laughed loudly, enjoying
  her slut's pathetic pleading. Once again, the adoring pregnant slut wept in
  ecstasy, seeing Diane's smile and hearing her laughter. The Mistress began
  slapping the slut's heavy titties back and forth playfully, giggling like a
  little girl as the heavy funbags jiggled and danced merrily for her. Tittygirl
  never took her eyes off of Diane's angelic face, worshiping the sweet smile
  and sweet, musical laughter.  
"Okay, slut," said Diane, at last, "Now I am going to have some fun! Since
  you say you know how to Pony Prance, I want to see it. Stand still!"  
"Yes, Mistress," said Tittygirl sweetly and humbly, and she lowered her eyes
  again.  
Diane reached up to the wheel suspended from the ceiling, and unhooked one
  of the gleaming chains, making sure that it the free end was split into a 'Y',
  and that each end had a lotus clip attached. Seeing that it did, she pulled
  released the tightening loop at the top near the wheel, giving the chain about
  another foot of slack. Then she smiled as she lifted up one of the lotus clips,
  and pressed the sides to open it. Holding it open in one hand, she used her
  other hand to lift up jiggleboobs' soft, heavy left tit, kneed it playfully
  for a moment, feeling it's warmth and delicate softness, then attached the
  clip to the pregnant slut's tender, sensitive nipple.  
Tittygirl gasped at the sudden intense ache in her fragile nipple, and she
  trembled again, her sweet titties and swollen belly bouncing slightly for her
  Mistress' enjoyment. Diane laughed at the sight of jiggling pregnant slutfilth,
  enjoying Tittygirl's reaction to the clip. "Remember, slut," she said, &quot;You
  will not resist any pain or shame I bless you with. I want you to feel it all.
  I want to see your tears and hear you beg for more, so that I'll know you are
  hurting and crying for Me."  
"Oh, yes... yes, Mistress!" said Tittygirl, her voice racked with anguish,
  and she smiled brightly at Diane, "Oh, it hurts, Mistress! This slut's tit
  is so happy and grateful to hurt for you, Mistress! More, Mistress, please!
  Hurt your slut more so you can enjoy her suffering... please, oh Mistress!"  
Diane then took the other clip, and pressed it open. Lifting the quivering
  slut's left tit, she attached the clip to the other nipple. Again, Tittygirl
  cried out in anguish. "Oh, thank you, thank you, Mistress," she wailed, "Oh
  Mistress, these tits are suffering hard for you, Mistress! Oh, they are so
  happy... your slut is so happy that you are using her filthy tits... oh, Mistress...
  it's wonderful... so wonderful...&quot; her voice trailed off into sobs of
  joyful agony.  
Diane smiled and continued to prepare the slut. Reaching up to the loop near
  the wheel, she pulled on it's lever. The chain snapped up, pulling tight, and
  lifting Tittygirl's lovely tits up by the nipples. The slut screamed in anguish
  as her heavy tits were stretched upward by the chains attached to her sensitive
  nipples, and she wept hard, tears pouring down her face. She said nothing,
  but didn't have to. Diane could see the lovely torment in the slut's sweet,
  beautiful face. "Now, slut," said the Mistress, lift your hands up to about
  level with your head, and keep them up!"  
"Yes, oh yes, Mistress!" Tittygirl blubbered through her tears, and she lifted
  her hands, her elbows bent. Her entire body shook, even her swollen belly.
  Diane laughed at the slut's misery and cruelly stretched titmeat.  
After a moment of listening to the slut's whimpers and sobs, Diane reached
  down to the floor and picked up the heavy leather strap. Then she stood under
  the center of the wheel, and faced Tittygirl, who stood now facing to Diane's
  left, almost suspended from the wheel by her heavy tits.  
"Alright, you filthy slut," said Diane, holding the strap up and ready in
  her right hand, "When I say go, you will begin the Pony Prance around your
  Mistress, letting the wheel guide you in a circle. You will take short, prancing
  steps, making sure lift your knees high, just like Lady Amber taught you. While
  you dance for Me, I am going to entertain Myself by using this strap on your
  miserable fuckmeat. Remember to welcome the pain, not resist, and to keep as
  much of your fuckmeat as you can loose and relaxed, so I can enjoy watching
  it jiggle and bounce, especially that sweet little ass. And you will beg your
  Mistress to whip and beat you like the nasty little piece of filth you are.
  Do you understand... slut?"  
Tittygirl smiled with happiness, feeling nothing but gratitude that Diane
  was using her. "Yes, Mistress," she said meekly, "this slut will cry and beg
  and suffer for you, Mistress, and she hopes that you will enjoy watching her
  perform the Pony dance. Oh, my tits are hurt so much for you, Mistress! This
  slut is very eager to dance for you, Mistress... she is ready."  
"Good," said Diane, and she stepped back under the exact middle of the wheel.
  Slowly, she lifted the stiff leather strap, holding it almost like a sword,
  high and proud. Tittygirl trembled in anticipation, keeping her hands up.  
"Dance!" shouted Diane, and she swung the strap full force onto Tittygirl
  soft, vulnerable ass.  
KRACK!   
"Ahhoow!" cried Tittygirl, and immediately she began running in circles around
  Diane, stepping only a few inches at the time in her small, dainty bare feet,
  and lifting her knees as high as she could with each step. The dance made her
  stretched titties waggle like overfull bags of jelly. Her ass cheeks jiggled
  and bounced obscenely, and even her pregnant belly wobbled playfully from side
  to side, giving Diane even more delightfully wobbling slutflesh to watch and
  enjoy! She lifted the strap again, aiming for Tittygirl bouncing ass.  
Whack!   
"Yowch!" shrieked Tittygirl, and she quickened her prancing steps, "Oh, yes...
  yes oh thank you Mistress!" she wailed between sobs of agony and ecstasy, her
  smile stretched wide across her lovely face, "Oh please more Mistress! Please
  hurt and spank and whip your slut! Make me cry for you Mistress please... please
  whip me Mistress! Please of please whip Tittygirl's naughty, nasty ass!"  
Diane turned with the slut's circular path around her, the sweet titmeat
  jostling lewdly as they hung from the chains by her hard nipples. It was such
  a lovely, raunchy sight... so much slutflesh jiggling and bouncing just for
  her, there for her to use and whip. It was wonderfully wicked, she thought,
  whipping and humiliating such an elegant and delightfully obedient piece of
  slut pussy, the ponytail swinging vigorously and dancing in the most degrading
  way as it hung from the slut's nasty asshole. She lifted the strap again, and
  screamed her delight as she assailed the slut's jiggling, pregnant body with
  the strap.  
WHACK! SMACK! THWACK! WHAPPP! FWAP! KRACK!   
Some of the strokes fell on Tittygirl's happily bouncing ass cheeks, which
  were quickly turning deep painful red. Other blows struck the prancing slut's
  thighs, tits, and even her swollen belly. Diane laughed wildly, thoroughly
  enjoying her slut's misery and her wild, shameful behavior, the wobbling and
  quivering flesh, and especially the swishing tail that dangled lewdly from
  her ass!  
WACK! THACK! FWAKKK! SMACK! WHAPPP!   
More stinging blows on Tittygirl's sweet, vulnerable fuckmeat. "Ow! Ouch!
  Yow!" cried the dancing slut, wailing loudly in her pain and degraded shame.
  She cried out in agony and joy, so grateful to wallow in humiliation and sweet
  torment for her Mistress. "Oh, Mistress! Yes! Hurt your slut, Mistress! Hurt
  her and whip her and degrade her for your delight, please Mistress!"  
WHACK! THACK! KRACK! SMACK! SWACK! WHAPPP! FWACK!   
Wild blows from the stinging strap fell all over Tittygirl's tender, jiggling
  body, and she became covered in angry red stripes and welts and lovely blue
  bruises.  
"Ow! Ouch! Oh, yes yes yes dear sweet Mistress! Whip your filthy slut and
  make her suffer for your amusement!"  
Tittygirl wailed and sobbed and danced eagerly around and around her beloved
  Mistress, led by the turning wheel that so cruelly stretched her titties up
  by the chains. The sweet sting of the strap assailed every part of her quivering,
  bouncing slutflesh, and she welcomed each blow on her fragile, naked skin.
  Every time Mistress Diane laughed and snickered or giggled made the slut worship
  her Mistress even more. She forced her slutmeat to relax and jiggle, danced
  even more obscenely, lost in the misery and humiliation and sheer joy that
  gave Mistress Diane so much delight and amusement. She felt the tail swishing
  back and forth behind her, brushing her bare thighs with each step, the huge
  plug stuffing and stretching her asshole painfully, made even worse by the
  prancing dance. Nothing existed for her anymore except her degrading dance,
  the stinging blows on her ass and tits and belly and thighs, and the sweet,
  heavenly music of Mistress Diane's bright, wicked laughter.  
Finally, breathing hard from her lively, energetic dance, Tittygirl almost
  fainted, stumbling and almost hanging her full weight by her red-striped titties.
  Mistress Diane quickly dropped the strap, and caught the sweating, sobbing
  lump of suffering fuckfilth in her strong, comforting arms. Quickly, she released
  Tittygirl's nipples from the clamps, and lowered her to the floor, laying her
  softly on her back. The slut lay there, smiling in her misery and shame, her
  sobs and wails of anguish slowly fading to pathetic whimpers, her face soaked
  with glistening tears. She opened her eyes, and gazed up in thankful adoration
  at her Mistress' lovely face.  
"Oh, Mistress," she said, still weeping deeply and joyfully, "Did you enjoy
  your slut's dance? Did she perform like you desired? She heard your wonderful
  laughter, Mistress. It was so beautiful and magical... oh, Mistress, thank
  you for allowing this pathetic slut to suffer and degrade herself for you.
  She is so grateful to you, Mistress... my beautiful Goddess... thank you, thank
  you!"  
Diane gazed knelt beside the bruised and welted slut lying on the concrete
  floor, leaned over her, gazed deeply into the worshiping blue-gray eyes, and
  smiled brightly. "Yes, I did enjoy whipping that nasty body, you pathetic little
  speck of fuckfilth," she said with and evil grin on her face, gazing deeply
  into Tittygirl's tear-filled gray eyes, "especially that big, pregnant belly.
  Look at it! It looks so beautiful covered with welts like that, don't you think?"  
Tittygirl glanced over her heaving titties, and saw her swollen belly. "It
  looks wonderful because you blessed it with the strap, Mistress," she said,
  her sobbing giving way to joyful whining, "This slut is so happy that Mistress
  found joy and delight it whipping her slut. Mistress is so magnificent and
  glorious and powerful. She deserves to use this slut as she wishes and make
  her suffer for her delight. And this slut is so filthy and worthless and pathetic
  that she deserves to be beaten and degraded severely for her beloved Mistress
  pleasure."  
"Well, little slut," said Diane, and she leaned in close to Tittygirl tear-stained
  face, &quot;Your Mistress is just getting started with you!" She leaned closer,
  and softly kissed Tittygirl's tender, dark pink lips. The slut cautiously kissed
  her back, the warmth of their lips shared between them.  
Diane pulled away, and without taking her eyes off of Tittygirl, stood on
  her knees. "Open that filthy little mouth!" she commanded, and Tittygirl's
  closed her eyes and opened her mouth widely, showing her sparkling-white teeth
  and wiggling her tongue so Diane could see. The Mistress moved around to straddle
  her long, sleek legs over the pregnant slut's head, looking over the pregnant
  belly to see Tittygirl's widely spread slut thighs so she could see the nasty,
  steaming hairless pussy in the flickering light. She held herself above the
  slut's face, and held her own hot, dripping cunt poised directly over Tittygirl's
  waiting mouth. Slowly, she lowered herself, and settled carefully sat on Tittygirl's
  sweet face, her sloppy-wet twat pressed onto the slut's mouth. As she relaxed
  and settled herself to sit comfortably, she felt the pregnant slut's lips press
  against her crotch, closing over her hole, and sucking ever so slightly. She
  smiled with contented satisfaction as she felt her stiff little clit quiver
  and tingle in Tittygirl's warm, welcoming mouth.  
She held herself like that for several minutes, just to enjoy the wicked
  delight of degrading this sweet, obedient slut by sitting on her face. It made
  her feel powerful and in control, just like she should be. Tittygirl only continued
  sucking ever so slightly, and Diane could see the slut's hips slowly twist
  and grind in greedy need. The slut never moved or lifted a finger to touch
  her Mistress, nor did she lick the pussy that was pressed to her open mouth.
  The slight sucking seemed only to be the slut's effort to keep her soft lips
  secured tightly to Diane's excited fuckhole and the delicate twat lips.  
Diane felt a twinge of pressure in her bladder that quickly traveled down
  to her juicy cunt. She smiled, knowing there was no need for her to move or
  do anything at all except relieve herself. After all, that was what her birthday
  gift... her nasty and obedient little fucktoy... was here for. She grunted,
  and relaxed the muscles of her bladder.  
Without warning, Tittygirl's felt the Mistress' precious cunt swell against
  her lips, and then the sudden gush of hot liquid and an acrid, harshly bitter
  taste against her tongue as Mistress began pissing into her open mouth. Trying
  desperately to keep her nose clear so she could breath, even though it was
  pressed against the Mistress' tight, brownish-pink asshole, she pressed her
  soft lips harder to Mistress' Diane's quivering pussy. She wanted to squeal
  with ecstasy, but her mouth filled up too quickly. Keeping her lips locked
  against her beloved Mistress, she gulped quickly, guzzling the sharply bitter
  piss, only to find her small mouth quickly refilled by the thick, hot flow.
  Over and over, she swallowed, determined to take every drop of her Mistress'
  piss down her eager throat. As she swallowed, she felt the hot nectar pool
  in her tummy. She began weeping with joy, drinking in her beloved Mistress'
  tart and pungent blessing. She felt her hips grinding and churning as her neediness...
  her greedy desire for her Mistress... began to grow unbearably intense, taking
  her body out of her control. With each gulp of the tangy piss, she felt the
  throbbing in her plug-stuffed asshole and hot, needy cunt grew even more intense.
  Her need was becoming almost unbearable as her lonely, empty cunt screamed
  to be filled, weeping a river of steamy, pale girl-juice as easily as tears
  fell from her eyes.  
Diane closed her beautiful blue eyes, put her dainty soft hands on her bare
  knees, and smiled in ecstasy as she ground her pussy against her fucktoy's
  eager mouth. She grunted and moaned, forcing her bladder to spew every drop
  down Tittygirl's throat. This was such fun, she thought, using her beautiful,
  pregnant little slut just like a toilet. For just a moment, she considered
  a fantasy of discarding all the toilets from the house, but decided Tittygirl's
  would eventually need on... or at least a place to go. Maybe she could get
  a box of cat litter, or dig a hole outside... naahhh! Better keep the toilets
  for now.  
At last, the pressure in her gut was spent, and Diane tightened her tummy
  muscles one last time to force the last spew of hot piss into Tittygirl's mouth.
  A moment later, she felt the slut swallow, then moan. The sound seemed to Diane
  to be a mixture of deep joy and bitter disappointment.  
Indeed, Tittygirl gulped down the last mouthful of her Mistress bitter piss
  blessing, leaving her eager little mouth frustratingly empty. She struggled
  to contain her disappointment, but could not prevent herself from moaning in
  pleasure and unfulfilled need. She craved and wished desperately for more,
  but was grateful, for the moment, for the satisfyingly warm feeling that came
  from the sweet pool of nasty, bitter piss in her thankful tummy.  
"I don't want to be dirty," said Diane, grinding her sleek, shapely hips
  harder against Tittygirl's greedy mouth, "Use your nasty mouth to clean your
  Mistress' pussy. Lick Me clean like a good little slut!"  
The pregnant slut heard her Mistress, and quickly responded, forcing her
  talented little tongue-rag up to lick her beloved Mistress' glorious cunt.
  She lapped and sucked almost desperately, using her mouth to clean every tiny
  particle of filth from the Mistress' adorable and warm, hairless cunt. The
  tip of her tongue slithered up and down the wet slit, sliding easily between
  the soft cunt lips, and finally found the tiny opening of the Mistress' pee
  hole. With delicate small movements, she washed the little hole clean with
  her obedient tongue, the tongue-tip quivering directly against the opening.
  Tittygirl then continued to lick and slurp and swab her tongue up and down
  and all around and over the Mistress' wonderful cunt. She cleaned it as thoroughly
  and completely as she was able, even though she knew in her heart that she
  could never do it well enough, never as perfectly as her Mistress deserved.  
For her part, Diane found herself being very aroused and stimulated by her
  obedient little fuck-slut's desperate efforts. The throbbing and tingling in
  her excited cunt grew and grew almost out of control. She found herself breathing
  hard and deeply, her mind and emotions reeling in sweet rapture as Tittygirl
  so expertly licked and lapped her slit. Then, a welcome shock almost overwhelmed
  her as the tip of the Slut's skilled tongue delved into the opening of her
  pee-hole. She struggled to resist the sensation, but it was no use. The tiny
  licks and flutters of Tittygirl's eager tongue drove her relentlessly toward
  the brink. At last, her resistance failed, and she suddenly grabbed the slut's
  big, warm tits and squeezed them harshly, digging her sharp fingernails into
  the tender and delicate slutmeat. She felt her rapture overwhelm her. The last
  twinge of resistance melted away, and she came hard and deeply. Her body stiffened
  and spasmed as she caught her breath, arched her back, and thrust forward her
  bouncing and quaking titties. The orgasm flashed like hot lightning into every
  muscle and bone and sinew of her angelic body, and she plunged uncontrollably
  into the churning sea of pleasure.  
Diane's cunt tightened without warning, and suddenly spewed a thick, hot
  gush of pale cunt honey into Tittygirl's mouth. Surprised by the sudden gift,
  the pregnant blonde slut almost gagged, but quickly controlled the urge, and
  began greedily swallowing her Mistress' precious girl-juice. It tasted both
  sweet, salty, and a touch bitter to the slut. She almost bucked her hips. Her
  hands clenched at the bare concrete floor beneath her as she fought the desire
  to reach up and grab Mistress Diane's hips and pull her down harder onto her
  mouth. Tittygirl no longer cared that the Mistress' asshole was pressed against
  her nose, restricting each breath she took. She no longer felt the hard floor,
  and even the stinging welts that covered her lovely pregnant body faded into
  nothingness. The universe shrank around Tittygirl until nothing existed for
  her except her divine and beloved Mistress, her cumming pussy, and the wonderful
  sweet nectar of pussy juice that poured out of the Mistress' beautiful hot
  fuckhole directly into her grateful and welcoming mouth.  
She lost control of herself as she quaffed the steamy flow of Mistress Diane's
  cunt honey, and felt her own body quake and spasm as she came. Girl-juice squirted
  like a fountain from her nasty slut hole, splashing on the floor. She lapped
  and sucked even harder at her Mistress' hot cunt, sucking down every drop of
  girl-cum. The second wave of her orgasm hit her, driving into her with locomotive-like
  force, making her filthy fuckhole spew more thick, steaming blobs of her slut-juice
  out of her cunt. The hot liquid arched through the air and splashed onto into
  the glimmering pool between her sleek, graceful white legs, defiling her adored
  Mistress' dungeon with nasty slut juice.  
Diane felt the last wave of her cum slowly subside, leaving her filled with
  a warm and intense glow of satisfaction. She slowly opened her bleary eyes,
  and looked down just in time to see her slut's nasty pussy squirt a final jet
  of pale yellow-white pussy cream that splashed into a shallow, shimmering puddle
  on the concrete floor. Even though the warm glow of orgasm still filled her,
  she felt her bliss dulled by a knot of disgust and contempt deep in her gut.  
How vile! How nasty! How vulgar!  
Diane stood quickly, and stood above the nasty, pregnant slut on the floor.
  Tittygirl breathed deeply as she smiled in her rapture, her nasty, pregnant
  slut body splayed obscenely on the floor. Controlling her anger as best she
  could, Diane reached down and snatched the slut's head by the hair again, and
  jerked her up like a bag of garbage. Tittygirl gasped in confused shock as
  the Mistress jostled her around, pulling and jerking roughly at her limbs and
  shoulders until she stood again on her knees, thighs spread wide, her hot cunt
  still leaking thick, heavy drops of cunt honey onto the floor. With her fingers
  still curled into the slut's pussy-juice-drenched hair, Diane jerked her head
  back, forcing Tittygirl to look up at her.  
&quot;You disgusting little lump of fuckfilth!" said Diane, her voice tinged
  with anger and disappointment, "Look what you did!" She jerked Tittygirl head
  around, and then savagely forced her forward onto the floor, face down into
  the puddle pungent pussy cream.  
Tittygirl cried in shock and confusion as the Mistress thrashed her around
  like a rag doll. As her face hit the floor, she smelled and tasted the shallow
  puddle of girl-cum. It was hers... her own... she knew by the taste on her
  lips. She began trembling and weeping, knowing the truth.  
"How dare you, you pathetic little cum rag!" shouted Diane, rage seeping
  into her powerful voice as she held her slut's face in the puddle of slut-juice
  that stained the dungeon floor. "How dare you defile your Mistress dungeon...
  your home... with that nasty puddle of slut-filth! Not only have you disobeyed
  your Mistress by cumming without permission, but you have also polluted this
  place with that mess. Your Mistress' dungeon should be a temple to you... a
  place to worship and serve and sacrifice yourself to me. But you came, and
  now there is a disgusting stain on my dungeon floor... a stain that you, a
  worthless, useless lump of fuckfilth, allowed yourself to feel pleasure, despite
  my expressed command, and came without being granted the privilege." Diane
  paused, and Tittygirl's naked, vulnerable body began quivering as she wept
  in despair. Unmoved, the Mistress jerked up the slut to her knees again. Her
  pregnant fucktoy knelt before her, weeping as Diane pulled her head back by
  the hair, and glared into the slut's gleaming, remorseful eyes. She slowly
  released her grip on Tittygirl's dangling blonde tresses.  
"I'm sure Lady Amber trained you better than that, but you have disappointed
  Me, slut," Diane said, keeping her anger contained but clearly expressed in
  her voice, "I am VERY unhappy with you!"  
The last statement cut into Tittygirl's heart and soul like a dull, white-hot
  axe, and she burst into tears, sobbing in despair and grief as she collapsed
  to the floor, desperately kissing Diane's dainty bare feet. "Oh, my sweet,
  beautiful Mistress... my beloved Goddess," she wailed in guilty sorrow as she
  writhed pathetically on the floor at Diane's feet, "this worthless piece of
  fuckfilth has committed a horrible and despicable sin against you, Mistress.
  She has wickedly disobeyed you, and the stain of her nasty slut-filth on your
  beautiful dungeon floor compounds her crime.  
"Oh, Mistress... my beautiful, divine Goddess, this slut is filled with remorse
  for her vile sin against you, and her heart is overcome with grief and sorrow
  for your unhappiness. She hates herself because she knows that she is the cause
  of your unhappiness. Oh, my wonderful, beloved Mistress... your slut humbly
  begs you to impose justice on her. Punish this worthless and wicked piece of
  fuckfilth severely for her crime against your home... her sin against you,
  oh sweet Mistress... beloved Goddess! This miserable slut is filled with shame
  and regret.  
"Most of all, oh beloved Mistress, this slut has made her you... my Mistress...
  beloved Goddess... she has made you feel unhappy. It is a despicable and disgraceful
  hurt she has done to you, Mistress, and she is so very, very sorry that she
  has defiled you. Oh, beloved Mistress, this slut deserves the harshest judgement,
  the most brutal and severe punishment that Mistress can devise for her. Tittygirl
  come to you in deepest sorrow and penance, my Mistress... beloved Goddess...
  and she humbly begs you punish her with your divine and righteous judgement.
  Please, oh please, sweet Mistress, punish your slut for her crimes... her vile
  and wicked sins... against you! Please, please, Mistress... my Goddess... please
  punish me!" The slut's sorrow-filled pleas of fell silent, and she sobbed in
  misery on the floor, deeply rueful and penitent, knowing that however harsh,
  painful, or savage her punishment was, she deserved far worse because she had
  made her Mistress unhappy.  
Diane stood above the pathetic, groveling slut, listening to her pleas and
  pathetic blubbering. The slut was right, of course. She deserved the most brutal
  and savage punishment a Mistress could devise for a disobedient humiliation
  slut. Even death by slow torture was too far too good for this vile little
  slut. In fact, the only true justice would be for her to take the collar off
  of Tittygirl's neck and send her back to Lady Amber.  
Still, the slut was Diane's gift... a birthday present for a beloved friend...
  and she was the kind of slut she had always wanted... young, beautiful, very
  pregnant, and despite her failure this first night, she was still a well-trained
  humiliation slut. Besides, Tittygirl already loved her, Diane knew, usually
  obedient, and very eager to please. Like a good humiliation slut, Tittygirl
  was very willing and happy to be severely degraded and used hard for her Mistress
  pleasure. And, of course, good training could only do the both of them good.  
As Diane gazed down at the sobbing, remorseful slut, her heart softened a
  bit, and she felt herself heeding Tittygirl's heart-felt begging and sweet
  pleas of remorse. She would keep the slut... Tittygirl... her adoring little
  fucktoy, and train her to serve and to please her Mistress. But, for now, the
  slut must have justice imposed upon her for her sins... harsh and bitter justice
  delivered without hesitation or mercy... so that the slut would suffer deeply
  and violently for being so naughty. Besides, disciplining the lovely, pregnant
  Tittygirl promised to be a lot of fun, and Diane had just the right punishment
  in mind for her.  
She reached down, and again seized the slut by her golden blonde hair, which
  was now matted and tangled. She pulled up, and roughly dragged the slut toward
  the punishment horse. Tittygirl wept loudly, but did not resist, and scrambled
  clumsily across the floor behind her Mistress.  
Diane stopped and bent down, picked up the pregnant slut and threw her roughly
  over the padded top of the wooden punishment horse. Tittygirl fell across it
  like a rag doll, and hung there draped over it like a wet rag, her ass held
  high and vulnerable. With quick, graceful movements, Diane went to each corner
  of the horse, and locked the slut's wrists and ankles into the black leather
  straps. The cuffs held Tittygirl legs straight and splayed wide, exposing her
  cute bald cunt. The ponytail still hung from the slut's ass, draping over onto
  her back. Before going any further, Diane grabbed the fronds, held them like
  a rope, and viciously yanked the plug out of Tittygirl tight asshole. Tittygirl
  yelped in painful surprise as the plug exited her ass with an obscene "PLORP!"  sound.
  It left the empty hole gaping open so that Diane could see into the darkness
  inside her slut's nasty ass flesh. The throbbing rim was a sore-looking red,
  and it pulsed and throbbed as if reaching in vain for the plug. Diane smiled.
  It would not have to wait long.  
Diane admired the helpless pregnant slut for a few moments, appreciating
  the beauty of the sight before her. The heavy wooden horse held Tittygirl's
  soft, delicious ass high, naked and vulnerable, still glowing bright red from
  the strapping she received during her beautiful and deeply degrading pony dance.
  The two soft globes of tender ass meat glowed in the light, the pink welts
  and small bruises clearly visible.  
Leaving the slut for the moment to whimper and sniffle on the horse, Diane
  strode gracefully to the rack of dungeon toys on the wall, her full, pale titties
  quivering and jiggling in the golden light of the lamps. She was already smiling,
  excited by what she was about to do, and felt her cunt getting wet and tingly
  again.  
She reached the wall, but went to the chest first and dropped the ponytail
  plug on the floor to deal with later. She reached into the chest, and took
  out another pink ass plug of soft rubber. It did not have a tail like the first
  one, but it was almost twice as big, and it's neck was neck much wider. She
  decided she could not count on Tittygirl's pussy, and slippery and oily as
  it was, to lubricate this one, so she also took out a small tube of a clear
  jelly lubricant, opened it, and coated the plug with a thick layer of the lube.
  The jelly made the plug gleam and shimmer as Diane closed the chest and set
  it down on the lid, its tip pointed up toward the ceiling.  
She then took down the red enema bag, and made sure the long white hose was
  securely attached and the valve was closed. Satisfied, she carried it to the
  water faucet that jutted out from the pipes that ran down from the rafters.
  She turned on the water, and put her fingers in it to check the flow's temperature.
  Almost immediately, her fingertips turned slightly numb. The water was ice
  cold. Perfect! She grinned like a naughty little girl as she held the red rubber
  enema bag up under the faucet. The flow made a high-pitched bubbling noise
  as it filled the bag almost to the rim... almost a whole gallon of clear cold
  water making the sides of the bag bulge and strain with against the weight.
  As the fill reached the top, she turned off the water. Carefully, she carried
  the bag back to the punishment horse, lifted it high, and hung it from one
  of the slender hooks that were screwed into the rafters. The white tube dangled
  almost to the floor.  
Diane examined the slut's ass again. Though it still throbbed, her pink asshole
  had closed tightly. Tittygirl still whimpered miserably, though the noises
  had softened and quieted. The slut hung there, limp and motionless, resigned
  to her fate and ready to accept Diane's justice. "Now, listen to your Mistress,
  you vile little piece of filth," said Diane, her voice stern and cold, but
  not cruel or angry. Weekly, the slut cocked her head to listen closely to her
  Mistress. "The enema I am about to give you is part of your punishment for
  disobeying My direct commands, defiling my dungeon, and for defiling Me by
  disappointing Me. It is part, but not all, of the justice you are going to
  get. When I empty the bag into you, you must not let a single drop of the water
  out of your ass until I tell you to. Do you understand.  
"Yes, my Mistress," said Tittygirl, her voice thin and high and week, "This
  slut promises she will hold all of her enema... every drop... until you tell
  her to release it. This slut swears with all her heart Mistress. Tittygirl
  will not fail you again. Please, oh sweet beloved Mistress, fill this slut's
  unworthy ass with your enema blessing. She will hold it and treasure it and
  not let it go until her Mistress... my beloved and beautiful Goddess... commands
  her to." As she finished her words, Tittygirl lowered her head in humble shame,
  awaiting her Mistress' justice.  
Satisfied that the pregnant slut's surrender was genuine, Diane took the
  dangling white tube in her graceful, dainty hands, and lifted up the nozzle.
  She moved up behind the bound, obscenely positioned slut and pointed the nozzle
  at the tight little pink and helpless asshole nestled between the welted and
  glowing ass cheeks. Grinning, the Mistress, put the nozzle's tip directly to
  the center of the tight hole, and slowly pushed it in. Despite not being lubricated,
  it slipped into the slut easily, as if being sucked in. Diane shook her shoulders
  back and forth excitedly as the long white nozzle slipped into the tight pink
  hole. The Mistress heard Tittygirl sigh as the last of the nozzle slipped into
  her, and she was connected to the bulging red rubber bag by the flexible white
  tube.  
"Clench that hole tight," commanded Diane, "because here it comes!" She paused
  a moment to watch the helpless slut obey, and felt a twinge of excited pleasure
  as the pink asshole tightened visibly around the base of the nozzle, holding
  it firmly in place. Then she reached up to the bag, and unscrewed the knob
  on the valve.  
With a slight trickling sound, the water flowed down the tube and into Tittygirl's
  securely bound body. The slut felt the brutally cold water pour into her helpless
  ass, making her insides cramp slightly, and she moaned in pain. She tried to
  relax every part of her except her asshole, and that she kept tightly clinched
  to prevent the enema water... her punishment... from escaping. She remembered
  her training, and surrendered to the pain rather than resisting it, letting
  herself fully experience every pang and cramp so she would suffer as much as
  possible for her beloved Mistress' amusement. Besides, she did not deserve
  anything less; so vile and naughty was her transgression against Mistress Diane.
  It was only right that she languished and hurt as much as possible. As the
  pressure built inside her, the pain grew more and more intense, and she her
  heart celebrated because she knew that her punishment... the perfect justice
  of her Mistress... her beautiful Goddess whom she was unworthy to worship...
  was at last upon her.  
Seeing that the flow was proceeding and the bag was slowly deflating, Diane
  walked back to the chest and picked up the massive ass plug. She held it gingerly
  in her hand by the base, and gracefully returned to watch the show.  
Tittygirl moaned and grunted as the water continued to pour unchecked into
  her ass, filling her up. As the volume of harshly cold water increased in her,
  she felt the dull cramps turn very sharp, and she gasped, and felt the need
  to struggle to keep her ass clenched tight. The pressure pressed against her
  insides, and she felt her abdomen groan and gurgle as the water distended her
  gut. The pain increased sharply, she gasped, and tears sprang anew from her
  eyes and she softly wept, awash in her misery and penance.  
Diane only smiled, and listened with almost lunatic delight to Tittygirl's
  soft weeping and whimpering. She heard a bubbling sound as the water began
  bloating and distending Tittygirl's gut. The slut shuddered almost violently
  on the horse, straining at the bonds and making her cute ass cheeks jiggle
  and dance. The slut was doing a good job of keeping the muscles of her ass
  bunz loose. Diane giggled, enjoying the spectacle, knowing there was much more
  degradation and suffering in store for the miserable little slut. She parted
  her thighs slightly, then lowered her left hand to her throbbing, steamy wet
  pussy and began rubbing it like a beloved pet. Though she didn't finger herself,
  her fingers quickly became soaked and slippery with her hot girl-cum. She licked
  her fingers clean, enjoying the taste of herself, and continued rubbing her
  throbbing, excited cunt as she watched the slut writhe in anguish on the horse.  
After several long minutes, the bag was empty. Tittygirl moaned and grunted
  and occasionally sobbed, feeling the massive volume of ice-cold water bloating
  her, tormenting her from the inside out. As intense as it was, she loved and
  welcomed her misery, focussing on it so she could experience and suffer every
  tiny twinge of pain. She heard Mistress Diane giggle, and she smiled. The soft
  laughter seemed to caress her barren soul, filling her with joy even as the
  water pressure of the enema threatened to rip her open. The Mistress was having
  a good time punishing her slut and taking pleasure from her agony. It was wonderful
  and blissful to hear, and she swore to herself that she would swim in a storm
  of torment and shame for her Mistress sake, just so the Mistress could enjoy
  her suffering and humiliation and tears. She almost panicked when the flow
  into her guts stopped, fearing she had let the nozzle escape, but she needn't
  have worried.  
Diane finally took her hand away from her hot throbbing twat, and took the
  base of the nozzle in her pussy-juice-soaked fingers. She paused, and grinned
  wickedly. "Tighten up, you miserable little crumb of fuckmeat," she commanded, "I'm
  going to pull it out now. Don't you DARE let the water leak out, or I will
  be very displeased with you."  
"Y... y... yes, m... mi... Mistress," said the pregnant slut, her voice tremulous
  and broken as she wallowed in pain and wretched shame for her Mistress sake.
  She focussed hard on her straining asshole, and forced herself to tighten it
  further as she felt Mistress Diane slowly slip it out.  
She felt so small and nasty and degraded, but that was all proper. After
  all, she belonged to Mistress Diane utterly and completely. She had less excuse
  for existing than the stench that came from the Mistress' toilet, and she felt
  blessed and very lucky that Mistress condescended to allow her to occupy perfectly
  good empty space in her palace of a home. Mistress Diane was mightier and lovelier
  than the most powerful Goddess, and she ruled Tittygirl perfectly and wisely.
  She, on the other hand, was a lowly humiliation slut, could never even begin
  to toil or suffer or sacrifice enough for her Mistress, and she knew that she
  possessed nothing but ever-increasing and expanding debt to her Mistress. No
  matter how intense her torment, or how deep her shame, or how perfect her service,
  that debt could only grow. The thought comforted her.  
Diane fought back her urge to finger-fuck her dripping twat, and slid the
  nozzle slowly out of the slut's docile, well-trained asshole. A tiny drop of
  clear water appeared at the tightly clenched fold of skin at the slut's ass
  entrance, but that was normal, not really a leak. Diane beamed with delight,
  and giggled again as her pathetic little fucktoy's entire body jiggled with
  the strain of keeping her ass closed against the pressure inside her. Tittygirl
  groaned and whimpered, and the Mistress listened with intense delight to the
  noises as if they were sweet, tender music.  
After several moments of waiting and watching Tittygirl's constricted asshole
  struggle against the bloat, Diane placed the thick plug tip-first to the pregnant
  slut's tight ass entrance. Holding it in just the right position, she put both
  hands on the base. Tittygirl's moaned louder as the cool, slippery plug rested
  full-weight against her defenseless asshole. "Get ready now," chortled Diane, "This
  ass plug will help you hold your enema. Once it starts to enter your ass, you
  can relax that cute little hole so it can enter you. It's big, so it may take
  some time, but just relax, and it shouldn't take very long, but be careful
  not to let your enema leak out. Do you understand, slut?"  
"Ye... yes, oh sweet m... Mistress," said the trembling naked slut, "Tittygirl
  understands and will do her best to keep her enema while you bless her asshole
  with your glorious plug. Please, Mistress, push that plug up your fucktoy's
  filthy ass!"  
Diane smiled widely, needing no further encouragement. She shifted herself
  slightly to firm up her stance, and pressed down with some force on the massive
  plug. At first, it only pushed the slut's asshole down, and Diane could feel
  the hole's resistance to the gigantic invader. In only a few moments, however,
  the resistance slackened somewhat, and Diane could tell that the pressure of
  the plug was forcing Tittygirl's tormented asshole to stretch. The slut grunted
  at first, then moaned loudly. Diane kept pushing, applying slowly increasing
  presser against the plug, and forcing it to assault Tittygirl's filthy fuckmeat.  
The slut's moans became broken sobs as the plug stretched her helpless asshole
  wider, the tip now fully past the opening. Tittygirl face contorted as the
  assault on her asshole increased the pain sharply. The moans then became wails,
  and then quickly turned to gargled screams of anguish. Diane laughed, enjoying
  the slut's squirming and writhing, her limbs pulling weekly against the strong
  leather bonds that held her fast to the punishment horse.  
She pushed harder, saw the slut's hole stretch wide, almost to the edge of
  the plug's massive head, and howled with mirth as Tittygirl shrieked and convulsed,
  her naked and pregnant body thrashing and jerking in a most delightful and
  entertaining way.  
Tittygirl felt her whole world collapse to nothingness as the mammoth ass
  plug violated her ass. Try as she could, she just could not relax her asshole
  enough. She wailed and screamed her torment as the plug continued to force
  it's way into her already distended gut, increasing the already impossibly
  intense pressure in her tortured tummy. There was nothing she could do. She
  wailed and wept and sobbed and jerked uselessly at her bonds. Even in the throes
  of her agony, she welcomed and cherished the pain. The enema churned and boiled
  inside her. The thick, heavy plug pillaged her viciously stretched asshole,
  bring with it new adventures in agony with each hairsbreadth of it that force
  it's way into her flesh. On the edge of her consciousness, Tittygirl heard
  the heavenly music of her Mistress' wild, ecstatic laughter. Even though her
  punishment afflicted every part of her, searing its way into every particle
  of her being, her heart sang with joy, rejoicing in Mistress' delight as well
  as her own agony.  
Diane laughed with glee, thoroughly enjoying Tittygirl's howls and sobs of
  anguish. The slut's body jerked and convulsed wildly, making her soft ass cheek
  and sleek white thighs, all criss-crossed with bright red welts, jiggle and
  quiver and wobble loosely, giving Diane a most entertaining visual offering
  for her to enjoy.  
But, as stimulating and erotically amusing as Tittygirl's suffering was,
  Diane knew she had to continue. She braced herself against the thick plug,
  stiffened her arms, and shoved down on the plug with her weight. The plug slipped
  the last few millimeters, and the lower edge of the plug's head slid past the
  rim of the wailing, bawling slut's mercilessly stretched asshole with a loud,
  wet 'PLURP!'  Almost instantly, the slut's ass sphincter
  slammed shut around the plug's thick neck. Diane howled with mirth as she listened
  to her miserable little fucktoy's sobs of agony and remorse. She never knew
  or suspected that using and punishing a beautiful, willing slut like Tittygirl
  could be so exciting or fun. She stood back, and grinned with deep satisfaction
  as she admired the slut's predicament. Her ears soaked up Tittygirl's wails
  and sobs, and she felt her own asshole and already soaked pussy throb and pulse
  and flutter with every beat of her excited, racing heart. The slut's deep,
  blubbering sobs resonated through her welted, helpless body, and Diane lifted
  her hands to her own warm, aching titties, and bounced them vigorously as she
  mocked and laughed at her helpless birthday gift.  
Diane couldn't take any more delay, and she scampered like a little girl
  back to the rack on the wall, her tender titties and perfect, round ass cheeks
  bouncing merrily with each playful step. From the chest, she removed a thick
  dark blue double-pronged dildo with both gently curving shafts criss-crossed
  with flowing ridges. Then she reached up to the rack, and took down a long,
  thick paddle made of bright red cedar. The plane of the paddle was pockmarked
  with smoothly drilled holes about an eighth of an inch in diameter. The handle
  was round and curved, and fit comfortably in Diane's slender right hand. She
  swung it against the air once, and the holes whistled as the air passed through
  them. Perfect! Just what she needed. She chuckled with delight as she bounded
  back behind the sniffling pregnant slut draped over the heavy punishment horse,
  her sobs still making her lovely ass cheeks jiggle and bounce delightfully
  for her Mistress.  
Diane stood behind Tittygirl, just off to the left, and kept her gaze fixed
  on the obscenely sprawled blob of fuckfilth who entertained her so brilliantly
  with her tears and degraded misery. She stood with her long, sleek legs straight,
  spread her feet about a yard apart to open her lovely thighs and expose her
  steamy, dripping cunt. Then she held one prong of the dildo to her pussy hole
  and pushed it past her twat lips to slide into her. It felt good in there,
  but that wasn't what she needed. She twisted the toy around inside her, then
  pulled it out and looked at it. Cunt honey glistened on the prong in thick,
  pale blobs.  
Without waiting further, Diane put the blue toy back between her sleek, quivering
  thighs, the wet prong aimed at her tight asshole. Still holding the paddle
  in her right hand, she carefully, and pushed the dildo against her hungry fuckholes
  with her left hand.  
Tittygirl's Mistress/Goddess murmured with warm pleasure as her toy invaded
  both of her greedy holes. She sighed deeply, awash in the sensation as her
  hot, steamy pussy and tight asshole relaxed and welcomed the invader. She pushed
  it in deep, and her holes celebrated, sending sparks of intense delight flashing
  through her. At last, she stopped pushing, for the thick prongs of the toy
  were now buried in her ass and slippery wet cunt. She twisted the exposed end
  with her dainty fingers. And almost instantly her holes rejoiced as she felt
  both prongs begin to vibrate softly. Her holes automatically slammed tight
  around the invader of her soft, sweet flesh, trapping it inside her and forcing
  her heart to soar with each thrilling vibration. Her cunt spasmed, and began
  leaking hot girl-cum that dripped in thick, steaming blobs onto the floor,
  and Diane let herself respond, gyrating her sleek, shapely hips so that she
  almost appeared to be dancing.  
Forcing herself to push on, Diane opened her pleasure filled eyes, and laughed
  with delight because her gaze fell first upon the very thing she wanted; Tittygirl's
  wondrously lovely, naked, obscenely exposed and helpless ass. The soft, tender
  cheeks of fuckmeat glowed for her, inviting their Mistress to take her pleasure
  with them. Diane listened with deep satisfaction to the slut's enchantingly
  sweet sobs and whimpers. And the sight of the huge plug firmly buried in the
  slut's lovely, jiggling ass almost made the Mistress weep with joy, overwhelmed
  by it's obscene and sharply erotic beauty.  
No need to wait any more, but also no reason to hurry! Without bothering
  to say a word to her fucktoy, she held the paddle out, and lay it gently across
  Tittygirl's upturned ass. The dildo buzzed inside her holes, flooding her with
  pleasure. Diane let out a moaning sigh, paused to savoir the moment. Then she
  slowly raised the heavy cedar paddle high.  
Tittygirl did not see the paddle, and had no idea what her Mistress was doing.
  The pain of the gargantuan plug in her savagely stretched ass, combined with
  the unrelenting pressure that assailed her insides. She knew her Mistress was
  there, glorying in the slut's rapturous agony. Tittygirl allowed the pain and
  shame of her position to permeate her, relishing every pang of her agony, and
  wallowing pathetically in her humiliation. The Mistress deserved to see her
  so brutally degraded, and her sin was so vile and disgraceful that no punishment
  was too brutal or demeaning, and she knew she deserved more... she would always
  deserve more....  
She got it.  
WHACK!   
The fiery sting of the paddle seared Tittygirl's consciousness, and she felt
  her body spasm uncontrollably. So swift and sudden was the swat that before
  the slut could think, she let out a piercing screech of shocked anguish. The
  intense pain flashed through her so quickly that she saw it with her still
  teary eyes... like stars and lances of light that flashed and vanished and
  flashed again. Her convulsions caused the water in her gut to slosh and churn,
  violently assaulting her insides with new and profound vistas of agony so that
  she felt she might explode.  
As quickly as it came, the wave of pain settled into a burning sting that
  scorched Tittygirl's soft, delicate ass meat without loosing its intensity.
  The poor, helpless slut on the horse collapsed into a wretched, wailing mass
  of filthy slutflesh, bawling as the beautiful violation of her bouncing, jiggling
  ass drove her even further down into the depths of abject shame and insignificance.
  Once again, her tears flowed freely, and she found herself unable to control
  her need to worship her Mistress and put her gratitude on display for her sake. "Ohhhh...
  oh, thank you... thank you, my wonderful Mistress," she cried, her voice choked
  with sobs of sweet agony and remorse for her sin, "Oh, thank you for punishing
  your slut, Mistress. Please, more! Spank me hard, I beg you, Mistress... my
  wonderful Goddess! Make me suffer hard and long and deep for disgracing you.
  Spank me! Oh, please, Mistress, this slut begs... begs... spank me! Spank your
  naughty, worthless slut!"  
THWAPPP!   
The second swat assailed Tittygirl's soft, helpless ass cheeks, making them
  jiggle and bounce as they celebrated and rejoiced. Diane laughed with glee,
  enchanted by the sight of beautiful, bouncing ass meat that so greedily welcomed
  her attentions. The slut convulsed again, bawling and wailing as she wiggled
  and squirmed on the horse. "Ooowwech!" came the scream, and Diane consumed
  the sound like candy. Her stuffed pussy and asshole thrilled and sparkled,
  sending her over the edge, and without meaning to, she felt the gushing wave
  of orgasm overwhelm her, pouring from her pussy spread throughout her body.
  She felt the juices pour out of her happy tight pussy, and she let out a wailing
  laugh of joyous ecstasy as she lifted paddle yet again.  
SMACK!   
Again, Tittygirl wailed in agony as her body rejoiced in her Mistress' sweet,
  savage justice. The sting of the paddle shocked and seared her frail, tender
  ass flesh. The enema carried the impact of the swat like a wave, bubbling and
  swirling inside her.  
"Ooooooooww... oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck it hurts," jiggle bawled, "Oh, please
  please please Mistress. Punish this nasty slut harder! Make my ass surrender
  to your mighty paddle and make love to it! Oh, Mistress... your slut is so
  grateful for the gift of your justice, and she..."  
KRACK!   
"Aaahooowch! Oowwwww! Oh, yes yes yes, by sweet Goddess! More oh please please
  please punish me hard oh Mistress please please more oh please..."  
 FWACK! THWACK! SMAPPP!   
"Gaaaahhhhrrrgh... oh yes oh sweet precious Mistress my Goddess... Aaaahhhhhwwwech!
  Oh, please more more more... make me cry... let this miserable slut please
  you sweet Mistress by suffer for you... oh please my Goddess please spank your...."  
WHACK! SWACK! THAPPP!   
"Arrrrgggghh .... Ooowwwwech ... oh my ass my ass oh please Mistress punish
  your slut's worthless ass meat with that sweet, magnificent paddle... oh fuck
  it hurts oh thank you thank you Mistress thank..."  
PRACK! KRACK! SMACK! THACK! WHAPPP!   
"ARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHH!"  
Over and over, Diane brought the paddle down on her Tittygirl's lovely, quivering
  ass! She felt herself overcome by the power she held over the squirming, helpless
  slut, enraptured by the sweet music of her fucktoy's angelic sobbing and screaming
  as she poured out her anguish and joy. Diane especially appreciated the slut's
  wails and cries of gratitude and the adorable, pathetic she begged for more
  and more savage assaults on her helpless flesh.  
Swat after swat! Scream after scream! Plea after plea! Diane gloried in her
  pregnant slut's surrender and suffering. The toy that filled her holes buzzed
  away, and she came easily... intensely... with almost every stroke of the justice
  she continued to bless the miserable slut with.  
The savage paddling quickly turned Tittygirl's bouncing ass cheeks a bright,
  searing crimson, in places the color becoming a deep bruised blue. So happily
  did the ass cheeks jiggle, so sweet and musical were Tittygirl's wails and
  sobs and pleas, that Diane became lost in the heavenly rapture of the moment.
  She came hard and fast, over and over again. Her boiling cunt gushing a continuous
  flow of steaming twat nectar that splattered and pooled on the floor beneath
  her.  
Tittygirl eventually ceased to beg or thank her Mistress, and just writhed
  and screamed and sobbed as swat after blissful swat from Mistress' magnificent
  paddle scorched and bruised her soft, fragile bottom. She was in heaven with
  her Mistress... in heaven BECAUSE of her Mistress... and she became lost in
  a churning, violent storm of pain and shame and tears and the sweet aroma of
  pussy nectar. The massive enema in her bowels churned and boiled and bubbled,
  flooding her from the inside out with sweet agony and it strained uselessly
  against the colossal plug in her ass. She did know it, but her lonely, empty
  pussy gaped and throbbed with each paddle swat, pouring out a thin stream of
  her cunt honey.  
It was hellish... and heavenly... brutal... and wonderful. Tittygirl's soul
  surrendered utterly to the pangs of the enema and the torment of her plug-stretched
  ass and the sweet, glorious kiss of the Mistress' mighty and merciless paddle!
  Her heart soared higher with each swat and each joyous laugh... and she wished
  dearly to stay on the horse and suffer for her Mistress forever.  
Of course, forever is a long time. Eventually, neither of them knew how the
  paddling went on, Mistress Diane's body grew weak and weary from the effort
  of her merciless paddling on the pregnant slut's burning red and bruised ass.
  The buzzing toy eventually began to make her holes feel numb. She raised the
  paddle... the dropped it to the floor. It clattered on the concrete as Diane
  stumbled against the horse. After a few moments, she reached between her trembling
  legs and pulled the vibrating double pronged dildo out of her weary fuckholes,
  tossing it aside without bothering to turn it off.  
For long moments, Diane stood there, catching her breath and leaning against
  her slut's warm, quivering body, listening to the groans and sobs of Tittygirl's
  sweet anguish. As her eyes cleared, she saw the plug, still firmly buried deep
  in the pregnant slut's tormented ass. She let out a last giggle, and struggled
  to steady herself on her feet. Almost reverently, she grasped the base of the
  plug with both dainty hands. &quot;Your punishment is over, slut," she said
  to Tittygirl, her voice awash in weariness and the glow of her many fiery orgasms, "Are
  you ready for the plug to come out?"  
Through her tears and sobs, Tittygirl heard the Mistress addressing her,
  and she meekly turned her head back toward Mistress Diane, though she did not
  look at her. "Ye... yes, my sweet Mistress... my Goddess," she said, her voice
  breathy and soft, "Your slut is ready, if her Mistress wishes it. Does Mistress
  desire that the slut release her enema as well?"  
Diane giggled wearily. "I don't think you will be able to control it, my
  sweet slut," she said, "Here we go!" She grasped the base of the plug firmly,
  and jerked it violently, using all her strength, out of Tittygirl's glowing
  red ass!  
'Plurp!"   
Instantly, the enema gushed like a geyser from Tittygirl's gaping asshole.
  The slut groaned with relief as the water spewed out of her burning, savagely
  paddled ass, arching like a fountain for several feet and splashing onto the
  floor. Diane let out a delighted, happy giggle as she watched the slut squirt
  the dirty, brownish water from her hot, burning ass.  
Tittygirl wept with joy once more, upon hearing her beloved Mistress laugh
  at her spewing ass. Her shame and her pain vanished, and joy flowed over her,
  sparked and fed by the Mistress wonderful laughter.  
At last the slut's ass relaxed, and the squirting, nasty water stream slowed
  to a weak trickle that flowed down over her cunt. All that was left was the
  fire in her bruised and glowing ass. Diane stooped, and released the cuffs
  that held the slut's legs splayed, then she moved around and released her wrist
  cuffs. Too weary and weak from pain to move, Tittygirl just remained limp over
  the horse, still whimpering and sniffling.  
With careful, loving gentleness, Diane slowly lifted her pregnant little
  slut off the horse, and lowered her to her knees. Tittygirl stood there on
  unsteady knees, shaking and quivering, her soft titties and big, swollen belly
  heaving with each deep breath. She kept her eyes down cast, and slowly moved
  her trembling hands behind her back so that she knelt properly before her Mistress.  
After a few moments, Diane bent low, and turned the slut's face upward so
  that they gazed deeply into each other's eyes. The pregnant slut worshiped
  Diane with her eyes but said nothing.  
The Mistress smiled softly, and leaned forward to kiss her slut. They locked
  lips, and Diane gently slithered her tongue into Tittygirl's mouth. There,
  her tongue found the slut's tongue, and overpowered it, asserting its power
  to force Tittygirl's talented tongue to surrender. Then the kiss became deeper
  and more passionate, and their tongues entwined together inside the slut's
  warm, grateful mouth... slithering against and with each other in a graceful,
  passionate love dance that last for several long minutes.  
At last, the Mistress pulled away, and stood up straight, looking down over
  her own titties, sparkling with tiny beads of perspiration. She smiled at her
  slut softly and sweetly.  
&quot;You took your punishment bravely and obediently, little slut," Diane
  said, "I had a lot of fun using and punishing my sweet little blob of fuckfilth.
  I am very happy, and pleased with you... and I forgive your transgression."  
Joy washed over Tittygirl as she heard her Mistress express her pleasure
  with her, and bless her with sweet pardon. She lowered herself to the floor,
  and wept in ecstasy as she gratefully lavished soft kisses upon her Mistress
  beautiful feet.  
"Oh, thank you, my Mistress... my Goddess," Tittygirl said between sobs of
  relief and joy, &quot;Your slut is so grateful to you for forgiving her vile
  sin against you. Oh, sweet Mistress, this worthless slut... your slut, Mistress...
  begs you with all her heart to accept her gratitude for your justice and your
  pardon, and she swears by her Mistress... my beloved Goddess... that she will
  strive for your sake to be the perfect humiliation slut for you. She promises
  to be obedient and cheerful and eager to serve her Mistress, and to surrender
  herself to Mistress for her pleasure, to be used and degraded and punished
  as Mistress sees fit, so that Mistress may find delight and pleasure in her.
  This slut swears it with all her heart and mind and soul and body, my Mistress...
  me dear, sweet, beautiful Goddess... Rule me, Mistress, please... for I am
  yours." Her voice fell silent except for her soft whimpers of joy and the tiny
  smack of soft kisses.  
Diane, weary and tired now, could only look down and marvel at Tittygirl
  adoration. She would indeed teach and train her lovely pregnant lump of fuckmeat
  to be the perfect humiliation slut for her. But that would have to wait until
  tomorrow... or later. Right now, the hour was late and weariness was telling
  on them. They both needed rest.  
Diane stood back a step. "Follow your Mistress on your hands and knees, Tittygirl," she
  commanded, and quickly the pregnant slut pushed herself up to a crawling position.
  Slowly, Diane turned, and walked gracefully toward the cell in the wall. Tittygirl
  crawled slowly behind her, her glowing red ass burning wiggling in the light
  as her big, warm titties dangled beneath her, swaying gently from side to side.  
The Mistress stopped in front of the cell, pulled the latch, and swung the
  barred cell door open with an echoing creek. She looked down at the humble,
  obedient slut. "Get inside and lay down!" she said, and the lovely pregnant
  slut slowly crawled into her cell. A few moments later, she stretched out on
  her side on the concrete floor, breathing heavily as she lay there, sighed
  contentedly, and smiled.  
Diane slowly closed the door, and locked her birthday gift inside. She smiled
  down at Tittygirl one last time, and felt a warm, satisfied glow seep into
  her as her eyes fell on the slut's glowing, lovely ass, still shining a bright
  crimson and clearly showing the deep blue bruises. She turned away, gathered
  up her regular clothing. Then she walked gracefully to each lamp, and blew
  it out. Darkness deepened in the dungeon with each extinguished flame, until
  the only light left came from the bulb that burned in the stairway. She would
  take care of the toys tomorrow, she thought as she stepped up onto the stairs.
  She stopped, and slowly turned to look back toward the cell. The stairway light
  was just enough for her to see Tittygirl lying contentedly on the floor of
  her cell. Once again, Diane smiled at her.  
"Goodnight, my sweet little piece of fuckfilth!" she said, her voice soft,
  kind, and very tired.  
"Goodnight, my Mistress... my Goddess," came Tittygirl's soft reply.  
Diane turned, slowly ascended the stairs, opened the door, and turned out
  the light, leaving her sweet, obedient slut in darkness for the night.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Robin Lane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





