BDSM Library - Slave Traders




Slave Traders
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two young women get caught on the roadside and are transformed into sex slaves to be sold and trained as sluts.The time was late in the spring and we were on a late night drive
      in the countryside watching for all of the new spring animals that were
      born. We spotted a doe that was grazing in the cool grass.  
 My sister and I were on our spring break from college and didn't
      want to spend our time in the local bars looking for men. We love nature
      and watching all the new growth that rises from the dead of winter.  
 As we spotted the new doe, we left the safety of our car to get
      a closer look when we heard something in the woods at the edge of the road.
      I told Beth that it was another deer and I wanted to get a better look
      and we both went a few steps in the direction of the noise.  
 We were blinded by a very bright light and the next thing we heard
      was a voice telling us to stand still and not make a noise. I heard Beth
      let out a loud scream and I looked in her direction and I was struck by
      a hard object and fell into the state of darkness.  
 The next thing I saw was Beth with her hands and feet tied, her
      mouth was gagged and she had her ears plugged with some sort of rubber
      device.   
 As we both tried to figure out where we were, we noticed we were
      on the move and we noticed that we were also in the trunk of a very large
      car. We tried to free ourselves from the bondage that held us but the ropes
      were too strong. The worst thing was we couldn't speak to one another.  
 It seemed like we were in the trunk for days but in reality, it
      was only for about twelve hours. As we felt the car come to a stop, we
      both looked at each other and the fear that was in our eyes was more than
      fiction, it was real. Both of our minds were running at full speed wondering
      where we were and what was going to happen to us. We didn't have very long
      to wait to find the answer to that question.  
 The trunk was opened and what we saw was a very big shock. They're
      stood three young women about twenty years old and were totally naked except
      for the collars they had around their necks and wrists. They were instructed
      to remove us from the trunk by a few men standing next to them wearing
      three-piece suits. As we were taken out of the trunk is when we noticed
      these women also had the same type of collars around their ankles. It was
      also then we realized that we were in some sort of a large warehouse with
      a very large stage set up on the far side.   
&nbsp;   
 The women removed our mouth gags and the rubber devices from our
      ears and told us not to say one word or we would regret it. They removed
      the ropes from our hands and feet and quickly replaced them with the same
      collars they had on. We were lead to a small room at the back of the warehouse
      escorted by the women and several of the men in suits. We were told to
      remove all of our clothes including our panties and bras. We undressed
      until we stood there totally naked. The women took our hands and put a
      pad lock through some sort of ring that had been sewed into the wrist collars
      and locked our hands behind our backs.   
 A small chain had been attached to the ring in my neck collar
      and attached to the ring in the collar Beth had on. One of the men that
      came in this small room was looking us over from head to toe as if we were
      some sort of animal that was going to be sold. He spoke to us and told
      us we were two of the best looking slaves he had ever seen. We looked at
      each other with renewed fear as to what was going to happen to us. He told
      us we would be sold to the highest bidder at an auction that was to be
      held in two days. He also told us if we even tried to escape from here,
      we would be beaten from head to toe with a riding crop and we would be
      tied to an overhead beam with our feet off of the ground and left that
      way for the night.  
 We were taken from this small room and led to a lower level room
      that had a large amount of steel cages that stood about six feet tall and
      about three feet square. As we looked around the room we noticed there
      were about ten of the twenty cages had other women in them that were in
      the same naked state we were in. Each of these women had their hands padlocked
      to the top of the cage and their feet were spread-eagled and padlocked
      to the bottom of the cage. They were forced to stand up straight in this
      locked position. Each woman that we saw was in their twenties and very
      pretty.   
It was at this time that two of the cages were opened by one of
      the men and we were told to get in one and stand still. I watched Beth
      as she went into the first open cage and the man took from his pocket four
      padlocks and locked Beth's hands and feet to the cage as the other women
      had on. The cage door was shut and a padlock was installed on the door.
      It was now my turn to be locked in my own cage in the same fashion Beth
      and the other women were. Neither Beth nor I had been touched by any of
      the men in a sexual matter until the padlock was taken off of my wrist
      cuffs behind my back and that is when the first man came to this cell room
      took my rings of my hand cuffs and held them over the top of my head with
      one hand and he took his other hand and placed it on my left breast as
      if he was checking out a fresh piece of meat. He took his hand and lowered
      it to my crouch and he stuck his finger into my vagina. I screamed out
      with shame and disgust and he hit me on the side of the face just like
      they did Beth when she cried out.  
&nbsp;   
 I was placed in my cage and padlocked in the same position as
      the rest of the women in the cages and the door was shut and locked. The
      men in the suits and the women that followed them then went back upstairs
      and shut the heavy steel door. This was the first time I had had a chance
      to talk with my sister since we had been kidnapped. My cage was right across
      from Beth's cage so we got to see each other as we talked. She started
      crying as she looked across at my shackled naked body. I told her to be
      strong and we will make it out of here one way or the other. She asked
      me what I thought was going to happen to us and I told her no matter what
      they do to us, we will be there for each other and we will make it to freedom.
      It was then that some of the other women down there with us started talking
      real low. They told us that some of them had been here for several weeks
      and they have been listening to the men talk and learned that we were all
      to be sold at a slave auction in two days. I told the one girl this couldn't
      happen in America and we would be found and released. She told me she had
      a chance to talk to one of the women that helped the men to get us ready
      for this auction that this place has been here for years and most of the
      women that had been through this place were sold to overseas slave owners.
      Most of the women that been through here were collage students that had
      little or no family and had just been reported as runaways and never looked
      for. Even though Beth and I had our father still living, we had not been
      close to him every since our mother had died and he really didn't care
      that much about either me or Beth because we had been in trouble with the
      law several times since mother had died.  
 We got to talk for about twenty minutes when we heard the upstairs
      door open and everyone stopped talking. As we watched the stairs, we saw
      that the same men and women were bringing in three more young women just
      as they did to us. As the men were getting ready to lock up these three
      new girls, one of the men, not the same one that touched me, had the women
      helpers hold this one blonde girl up against a cage as he took his pants
      down to his feet and we watched him as he forcefully raped this young girl.
      He raped her both in the vagina and the ass. We all started screaming as
      he was raping her and when he was finished with her, he told us to get
      used to the site of rape, as we will each have her own rape to deal with.
      Each of the three girls was then locked in their cells as we were. The
      girl that was just raped could not stop crying and we all tried to give
      her comfort as soon as the men and the helper women had left. We each knew
      that the rape would be repeated over and over but this time we all knew
      it would be us that were next.  
 We were left alone for about an hour when two men, this time in
      blue jeans, came into the room. We had never seen them before and you could
      tell by the way that they looked that they were just hired hands and not
      the dealers themselves. As they walked toward us, they started laughing
      as they looked at our bound naked bodies. The first man told us he was
      here to bath us and the other was here to feed us. Since Beth and I had
      just got here today, we didn't know how these men would treat us. The first
      man reached into a small closet at the end of this room and he took out
      a garden hose with a high-pressure nosel on the end of it. He walked up
      to Beth's cage and told her she will be first this time to get her bath.
      He turned on the water and he started spraying Beth down like she was a
      dog tied to a stake. He aimed the hose at her breasts and she started screaming
      in pain. He started to laugh and said to her the bath had only just started.
      He started spraying the rest of her body the same way until he got to her
      vagina. He aimed the hose up from the floor and sprayed cold water up into
      her spread open vagina. By this time Beth was screaming like I have never
      heard her before and the man just kept the hose in that position for another
      minute or so. As he finished with her, he told me I was next and said that
      I should get my pussy ready for a good bath. I asked him not to use that
      word as if it would do any good and he started laughing even harder. He
      told us all that if we were going to talk about our vaginas, we would call
      them PUSSIES and not vaginas. He also said that we will not use the word
      breast but we will call them TITTIES. He gave me the same treatment he
      had just given Beth. After that, he washed the other three girls and the
      one that had been raped in her pussy and ass got a double bath as he was
      laughing that he had to get rid of all that cum his boss had left in her.   
 The second man then started feeding us. He was not as cruel as
      the first as he opened each of the cages and hand fed each of us with a
      hotdog and a drink of water. He did make sure to tell all of us to get
      used to eating hotdogs and then he started laughing too.   
When they were finished with us, they told us to get a good night
      sleep because the rest of the girls will be here tomorrow and it will be
      a busy day getting us all ready to be sold at the auction in two days.
      With that comment, they both left and went back upstairs and locked the
      big steel door. After they were gone, we all started talking in a low voice
      to each other and I asked Beth if she was able to bear all of this. She
      told me that she would be strong like I told her to be and not to worry.
      The lights were turned off from upstairs and we were left in the darkness
      to ponder our fates.   
 We were in a very uncomfortable position to try to get to sleep
      and one of the girls told us to try to lean our backs up against the back
      of the cage and that will take a little pressure off of our strapped hands.
      By this time, I could not even feel my hands and I told Beth goodnight
      and fell asleep.   
 The Next Morning   
 I have no idea how long we got to sleep but the opening of the
      steel door at the top of the steps awakened me. I had a chance to say hi
      to Beth before they got down to the cages and she said that she would be
      all right and not to worry. We then heard a voice tell us to shut up or
      we will be gagged for the rest of the day. After he told us that, all the
      helper women started unlocking the cage doors and the padlocks that held
      our hands to the top of the cage and our feet to the bottom. As we were
      freed from our bonds, we could not stand up and we each fell to the floor
      at the base of our cages. The men started laughing and told us to rub our
      arms and legs and that will put the blood back in our limbs. We all did
      as he told us to and it did help us to stand up. After we were all standing,
      the men padlocked our hands behind our backs and installed a short chain
      to our neck collars and attached us to each other. There were now fifteen
      of us all chained together like animals and we were led upstairs to the
      main part of the warehouse. The sun was shining bright and it took us a
      little time to get our eyes adjusted to the bright room.   
 We were led to the front of the stage we had seen the night before
      and we were told to sit down on the cold concrete. As we sat down, one
      of the men in a suit told us that five more girls will join us today and
      we will be prepared for the big slave auction tomorrow. He went on to explain
      to us that we would be sold as slaves to men and women in foreign countries.
      He told us we will be slaves for the rest of our lives and we are now to
      address ourselves as slaves and not as women. Most of you will be harem
      girls and some will be for breeding stock. He went on to explain that we
      will no longer be free to do as we want but we are all to do whatever we
      are told to do no matter how obscene or revolting it might seem. We will
      never be able to touch our own bodies in the presents of our new masters
      and anyone that does will have to deal with a severe discipline and that
      rule starts now. He also told us we would never speak unless we are asked
      to and then it will only be to answer the question that we are asked.    
 We sat on that cold floor and watched the workers prepare the
      stage for tomorrow's auction. We were given uncooked hot-dogs and water
      to drink and when we had to use the restroom, we were to use a bucket in
      the middle of the big floor while everyone watches. We are not to clean
      ourselves after using the bucket; we will be cleaned by one of the workers.
      As we were being fed by the workers, several of the men made comments about
      the small size of the hot-dogs and that we had better get used to a much
      larger size of HOTDOG as we will have them for the rest of our lives. As
      the workers worked on the stage, we noticed that there were many different
      kinds of devices being installed. We could not figure them out and one
      of the men in a suit saw our looks and he went on to explain that the devices
      are to be used in the auction for displaying the slave in several different
      positions. I watched Beth as she looked on at the construction of the props
      and I knew that she was getting real nervous I tried to give her comfort
      by smiling at her and she did smile back and looked as to understand what
      I was doing.   
 We had been sitting on the floor for about three hours when one
      of the worker men came and told us to stand up and he was going to take
      us to the bucket in the middle of the floor. As we started walking, I felt
      a little bit better and was starting to limber back up from sitting there
      for so long. We walked around the warehouse about five times and then the
      worker took us to the bucket. He told us each to take our turn sitting
      on the bucket and to do our jobs. The first one to sit on the bucket relieved
      herself and was helped back up and told to bend over at the waist. She
      bent over and one of the workers took a damp washcloth and scrubbed her
      ass and pussy and told her to stand back up. As each girl sat on the bucket,
      I watched each one get embarrassed almost to the point of tears. When it
      came to my turn, I then know why the others felt that way. To be bent over
      in public and have a strange man to wipe your ass and pussy is a hard thing
      to do. When Beth sat down, she started to cry and was hit across the back
      with a riding crop and told to shut up and bend over. The man took his
      time washing Beth off just to prove a point. He rubbed his bare hand over
      her ass, pussy and breasts just to make a point. She just stood there as
      if she had gone numb over it.   
 After we finished with the inside walk, the big garage door in
      the front of the warehouse opened up and we got to see outside for the
      first time. We were told to follow the worker as he took us outside. I
      was quite surprised to know that we were going to get to go outside. I
      thought that maybe someone would see us and call the police to rescue us.
      As we walked out, my heart sank only to find out that we were deep in a
      wooded area with no one around. We were told at that time that this place
      is in the middle of a ten thousand acre woods and cameras and guards protect
      it all. That is when I knew there would be no rescue of any kind. We were
      lead around the cleared area of the warehouse and allowed to stretch our
      arms as each one of us had our hands freed one at a time and then padlocked
      behind our backs again. I sure felt good to stretch my arms.   
 We were lead back into the warehouse for our noon meal. We were
      told to sit down and get ready to eat. As we sat there, each one of us
      was given another hot-dog except this time they were real big ones. It
      tasted more like polish sausage than a hot dog. We were told that we are
      being trained to receive bigger items in our mouths. We all knew what that
      was going to be. After we had our meal and water, we were told that it
      is about time to get the other five girls in and prepared. It was about
      fifteen minutes we saw a van pull into the warehouse and out came five
      more girls all about the same age as us. We had to watch them get the same
      treatment we had the night before. After they were attached to our neck
      collars, we were told that we will all be getting ready for the next days
      auction in about an hour and we can all just sit there and relax.    
 We watched the workers bring in this big platform that sat about
      three feet off of the floor with two big timbers on each side of the raised
      floor. The timbers were about six feet apart and had eye hooks running
      up both sides of them. After about an hour, one of the men in suits came
      over and told all of us we will now be prepared for the big day tomorrow.
      Three of the helper women, still naked as we were, went to the first girl
      at the front of the chain and unhooked her. We were told to sit there and
      watch so we will know what we are getting ready to go through. The women
      unlocked her hands and told her to sit on the edge of this platform in
      between the timbers. The women then walked on the platform and took the
      girls hands and padlocked them down to some eyebolts on the floor of the
      platform where they were spread apart above her head. They then walked
      to the edge of the platform and each woman grabbed a leg and pulled it
      straight up to one    
Of the eyebolts in the timbers high up and padlocked them the same
      way as her hands. She is now laying on the edge of the platform with her
      legs spread wide and her ass is about a foot off of the platform.    
 The helper women then stepped off of the platform and walked away.
      It was at this time one of the worker men that gave the baths the night
      before stepped up to the helpless girl and rubbed his hands all over her
      pussy and ass. He took two fingers and penetrated her pussy as deep as
      he could go and took his other hand and ran two fingers in her ass. The
      girl started screaming being finger fucked on both her pussy and ass at
      the same time. The man started laughing and told each one of us that we
      will get the same treatment when we get tied up there. He then removed
      his fingers and he reached over to the edge of the stage and he picked
      up a straight razor and some shaving cream and he started putting the shaving
      cream all over her ass and pussy. He then took the straight razor and proceeded
      to shave all of the hair off of her ass and pussy. He also shaved her legs
      and under her arms and then took a hose and sprayed her off. He called
      for the women helpers to remove her and bring him the next girl. They removed
      her and took her over to the stage where the auction was to be tomorrow
      and attached a heavy chain to her neck collar and padlocked her hands behind
      her back again. They locked the chain to a steel bar at the bottom of the
      stage. This bar went all the way across the stage so now each slave will
      know what will happen next.   
 Each slave was taken to the shaving platform and the very same
      thing happened to each girl. This time, Beth was to go first to the platform
      and I had to watch him finger fuck my sister and shame her by removing
      all of her pubic hair as I watched. She never made a sound even when he
      stuck his fingers in her ass and pussy. I knew at that time that she was
      ready for anything that was to happen to us. I had my turn being shaved
      and then chained to the auction stage. When he finished the last girl,
      he told us that we could now sit back and enjoy looking at each other's
      shaved pussies and relax for a while.   
 The time we got to sit there seemed like a lifetime after what
      we had just endured. We were still watching the workers work on the props
      on the stage we were chained to at the bottom. There were several laughs
      and comments by the workers as to what we were going to go through on these
      props they were installing. It seemed to me that after what we had already
      been through, nothing could be worse. Boy was I in for a surprise.   
 We sat there for another hour or so and then the men in the suits
      came in while the workers were removing their tools and extra material
      from the stage. One man looked down and told us that first thing in the
      morning we were to be sold as slaves and we are to get ready to perform
      for those that will be bidding on us tomorrow. He then had a man in a suit
      walk down to the first girl that had been shaved and he dropped his pants
      and told her to give him the best blow job he has ever had and told her
      to be sure and swallow every drop or she will have to do it again to another
      man. He had a very large dick and it was rock hard. He told her to open
      her mouth and take the dick in and start sucking and he would let her when
      he was getting ready to cum so she would be ready.    
&nbsp;    
 She opened her mouth and he stuck his dick in about half way and
      told her to close her lips around it. He told her that if she touched his
      dick with her teeth, she would get beat and have to start all over again.
      She did as she was told and he started to rock his hips back and forth
      and each time he did, he would shove his dick in a little farther. It didn't
      take long before he had his large dick all the way in the back of her throat
      and he started to moan. He told her to get ready to swallow and he started
      Cumming in her mouth. As he did, he would pull his dick out a little at
      a time so she would get a real good taste of his cum. When he was finished,
      he told her he was going to take his dick all the way out and he was going
      to see if she swallowed all of his cum. He made her open her mouth to make
      sure that she had and she had managed to drink it all.    
 Each girl had to give a man a complete blowjob. One girl started
      gagging as he was burying his dick in her mouth so he pulled out and beat
      her with a riding crop. Another man took his place with this girl but this
      time, his dick was one of the biggest of all the men there. This time she
      managed to let him bury all ten inches in her mouth and she swallowed ever
      drop. Beth was next. I was very surprised at her because the man that raped
      her mouth was about nine inches long and very thick. That was the first
      time that Beth had ever had a dick in her mouth. She always told me she
      would never do that. Now she was forced to and she did it well. She drank
      every drop of his cum and then smiled at him as to try to get him to go
      easy on her if he ever had to do it again. He just smiled back at her and
      told her that he may even bid on her for himself. I was next. The man I
      got was the same one that did the repeat rape on the one girls mouth. I
      had given two blowjobs in my life but never to a dick that size. I kept
      thinking that if Beth could do it, so can I. He buried his ten inches in
      my mouth right off as to say for me to hurry it up because he has other
      things to do. I sucked him dry and I also smiled at him as he was checking
      my mouth to make sure that I drank it all. I did.   
 After we all had our mouths raped, we were told that we could
      now have our supper and get ready for rest because we will need it tomorrow.
      We were given the same big hot-dog size that we had before but this time
      we didn't get any water. What we did get to drink was a surprise to all
      of us. It was like a thick warm milkshake but it tasted just like a mans
      cum. I don't know how they did it but it was an exact taste. We finished
      our supper and were to get ready for our bath. I was not looking forward
      to getting my pussy ravaged again by the water hose. We were all taken
      down stairs and told to get in our cages. Again each one of us was padlocked
      to the cage the same way as last night. The helper women came down first
      and were allowed to talk to us to get us ready for the auction from a woman's
      view. Each one told us about the same thing as the first. We were told
      to do everything that was asked of us no matter what it was. I started
      to speak and I was told I would not speak anymore until after the auction.
      They told us we will be put in a lot of different positions for the sale
      of our bodies and some of them will hurt like hell. We were told not to
      moan or even whimper even if the pain gets real bad because it will only
      make things worse for you. There will be two men that will spend the night
      down here to make sure that no one speaks. The lights will be left on and
      the men will check your cage    
Every ten minutes and may even reach in a touch you. They will
      not rape you tonight because they want your pussies to be fresh for tomorrow.   
 With that the men came into our room and padlocked each one of
      us to our cage as the night before. This time, each girl after she was
      locked down, was given a mild warm soap bath with a soft sponge. Each girl
      also had her entire body, including the pussy lips and clit inspected to
      make sure that everything was ready for the big sale. What took each of
      us by surprise was the fact that the men rubbed our clits in a very gentle
      way and each one of us was rubbed until we had a climax. It took some of
      the girls a little longer than others but they made sure that we all came.
      After each girl had her climax, we were given an injection in our lower
      stomach and we were told that this shot will stop all periods until our
      new master wants us to have one. We were told that most of us will be sold
      just as sex slaves and the injection will not be given to restart your
      periods. It was explained to us if that does happen to us is because we
      will always be ready to have sex at anytime without the delay of a period.
      Those of you that will be breed for money to reproduce the offspring of
      the chosen person, will be given the injection so you can and will get
      pregnant   
 I looked over at Beth as she was locked up in the same spread-eagled
      position as the night before and she looked really sexy without any hair
      on her pussy. It was then I closed my eyes and tried to get to sleep. I
      had just fallen to sleep when I felt a hand on my shaven pussy and it started
      to rub my clit again. I could do nothing to stop him so I just tried to
      enjoy it again. He waited until I was just getting ready to cum and he
      took his finger out and laughed. He whispered to me that I would really
      want more tomorrow now that I was so close to cuming and denied the chance.
      He was right. My pussy stayed wet all night long.   
 The Auction   
 We all got very little sleep but I guess with the knowledge of
      what was going to happen to us this morning, we didn't need that much sleep.
      I heard the men that spent the night with us start to talk and they were
      getting ready to prepare us for the big day. Each cage door was opened
      and one by one we were taken out of our cage and had our hands padlocked
      behind our backs. The chain was also attached to our neck collars as before
      but this time, the men put a small chain between our ankle cuffs. The chain
      was padlocked on each ankle and was about a foot long. They told us we
      are to be taken to the auction floor and readied for display. It was hard
      to walk with only a foot of chain but we managed to make it up the stairs.    
&nbsp;    
 When we reached the top step, we could hear and see hundreds of
      people both men and women. It was then I knew that I was to be sold as
      a slave. The one thing I was worried about was that Beth and I might be
      sold to different masters and would not get to see each other ever again.
      It was then I started to cry and I was quickly hit between the shoulder
      blades with a riding crop. I stopped crying real quickly.    
 As we were led through the large crowd, people would reach out
      and grab our breasts and our pussies without notice. I never felt so naked
      in my life as I did then. There were to be hundreds of people to inspect
      my body and all of my private parts. We were taken to the stage where everything
      was set up for our sale and we were at that time separated from each other
      and locked down to an eye ring at the back of the stage. One of the men
      in a suit walked up on the stage and made the announcement that the auction
      will begin in ten minutes and for everyone to gather around the stage and
      get ready to inspect the slaves. He explained that each slave would be
      put on display in any fashion that was desired by the bidders. He also
      made the announcement that a bidder can only fuck a slave one time each
      until they are sold. What that told me was that I might be raped, as many
      times as there are bidders. I started to shake at that thought but I didn't
      have a choice in the matter.    
 The bidding was to start with the first slave in line. I was glad
      that I was number seventeen and Beth was number sixteen. They went over
      to get the first slave and someone requested that she be tied up in a total
      upright spread-eagled position. She was brought to the front of the stage
      and her arms were attached to chains from the ceiling where they would
      put her in an X position. Her hands were raised high above her and her
      legs were spread as far apart as they would go and locked into the rings
      set into the stage. One man wanted to have a close look at her pussy and
      he spread her pussy lips apart and looked at her clit. He made the remark
      that her clit would be able to have at least a three inch ring inserted
      through it. He was asked to let another bidder look at her and this man
      wanted to see how tight her pussy was and asked if he could fuck her in
      that position and the request was granted. The man then removed his pants
      and came up on stage and pushed his hard long dick deep into the waiting
      pussy. He fucked her for about three minutes and was asked to please stand
      down to give others a chance at her. This way she would bring the most
      amount of money. Another man asked if he could fuck her ass and he was
      also told yes. He came up on stage and walked up behind her and inserted
      his dick deep into her ass. She started to moan and the bidding began.
      The man was still fucking her ass as hard as he could and someone made
      a bid of five thousand dollars. The man that was fucking her bid six thousand
      and no other bids came in. As he was still fucking her, the bid was accepted
      and he now owned this slave. She was then taken off of the stage and escorted
      to the mans van and was tied up waiting to go to her new quarters.   
 As I watched the first girl being fucked in public and then sold
      like a pig, I started to shake knowing that I would also be treated like
      that in a few minutes. As the auctioneer started to speak again, he stopped
      and told the bidders that this first slave was sold as    
A token and now we will get down to the real bidding. He said the
      remaining slaves will be displayed for all to inspect at close range and
      the positions of the remaining slaves will be changed into several different
      positions for each slave doing the bidding process. With that being said,
      I was wondering what was going to happen next. I wouldn't have long to
      wait to find the answer to that question.. The next slave was brought to
      the center stage and the request was made for what position she will start
      off in. One of the women in the crowd asked that this slave be locked down
      on the rotating X rack.    
 The worker brought this device that had a big X rack that would
      turn the slave into an upside down position with her hands and feet spread
      wide. The slave was placed on this rack and had her hands and feet padlocked
      to the rings on this device. It was then that the people started walking
      to the rack and inspected her by spreading her pussy lips apart and her
      mouth had a clamp inserted in it that would not allow her to close her
      mouth at all. It was then that a man walked onto the stage and had them
      turn this slave in a complete upside down position and lock it there. He
      then took out his dick and told this slave that she was to get a golden
      shower and any piss that goes in her mouth, she will drink it. He started
      pissing all over her and he aimed his dick right at her mouth and she was
      forced to drink his piss. That had to be hard to do since her mouth was
      forced open and being upside down but she managed to drink the biggest
      part of it. The woman that asked the slave be put in this position replaced
      him. I was wondering what a woman would want to do to another woman but
      that was also quickly answered. This woman walked up to the slave and put
      her mouth down onto the slave's pussy and she started to eat her out with
      great fury. As she was eating out her pussy, she was also reaching down
      to squeeze her breasts. This went on for about two minutes and the woman
      left the stage to be replaced by another man. She was then turned back
      into the upright position and locked there. The man that walked up to her
      then swiftly dropped pants and before anyone knew what was happening, he
      had his stiff dick shoved all the way into her pussy. He raped her for
      at least four minutes when he cried out in pleasure, as he was cuming in
      the very wet pussy.   
 The bidding was about to start on this slave when one other man
      wanted to have her removed from the rack and placed on her back and strapped
      down as she was in the X rack. She was then moved to floor and locked down
      and the man walked up in between her spread legs and kneeled down, dropped
      his pants and then he started to rape her with all his might. When he was
      finished with her, she was stood back up on the front of the stage and
      the device was taken out of her mouth and she had her hands padlocked to
      an overhead chain that left her standing on her tiptoes. Four other men
      walked by her and felt of her pussy and made comments about how tight she
      was even after all she had been through. The bidding then started on her
      and the first bid came in at seven thousand by the woman that had eaten
      her out. Another bid passed hers at eight thousand One of the men that
      had raped her bid ten thousand dollars. The woman then raised her bid to
      fifteen thousand dollars and no other bid was made. This slave was sold
      to the lady with the highest bid. The woman had one of her friends that
      were with her go to the stage and they put a ball gag in her mouth and
      a black leather hood over her entire head. They locked her hands behind
      her back and led her off of the stage to the back of the warehouse and
      locked to a hook in the floor.   
 They brought up the third slave for display. This slave had long
      blonde hair and blue eyes. She had very big breasts and a very small waistline.
      This slave was beautiful and was getting a lot of attention from the bidders.
      She had a rose-colored birthmark on her left ass cheek up by her hip. I
      knew this slave was going to get more than she thought she would get. I
      was right again. The request came in from this little man at the front
      of the crowd that this slave be tied up off of the floor about three feet
      high from her hands and feet being stretched and spread wide apart. The
      workers had her lay down on the floor and they attached chains to her hands
      and feet and they started pulling the chains until she was suspended from
      the floor about three feet. There was nothing holding her up from the floor
      but her limbs. I know that it was pulling her apart by the pain on her
      face. The little man that asked her to be put up like that walked up on
      stage and stepped between her spread open legs and he rammed his dick in
      her as hard as he could. The girl screamed out in pain and the man stopped
      raping her. He stepped back and two of the helper women walked up on stage
      with horsewhips and started to beat her over her entire body. The girl
      was now about ready to pass out when they stopped and took a bucket of
      ice cold water and threw it on her. The slave then stopped screaming and
      the man then returned to finish his rape of her. She didn't make another
      noise as the little man finished his rape and left her pussy full of cum.
      She was taken down from her position and placed in front of the stage with
      her hands tied high above her head and her legs spread wide and off of
      the floor about six inches. It was almost like the first position she had
      been put in except this time she was in an upright position. By this time
      there were about ten men lined up at the end of the stage waiting for their
      turn with this blonde slave. After it was all over, she had been raped
      at least twenty five times. The bidding started real high with the first
      bid at twenty thousand dollars. The second bid came in at twenty five thousand
      and kept climbing. She was finally sold to the first little man for a grand
      total of thirty nine thousand dollars. She had her hands locked behind
      her with padlocks and her feet padlocked together and a short chain was
      attached to her hands and feet forcing her to bring her legs up behind
      her. That left her with her breasts protruding out in front as far as they
      could go. She was then picked up by two men and taken off of the stage.
      It was then the auctioneer called for a break so everyone could then come
      up on stage and inspects all the rest of us at their leisure.    
 We had about two hundred people come up on stage and each one
      prodded our bodies like we were chopped beef. There were a lot of people
      taking notes as they touched each one of us. None of us were raped while
      the inspection was going on which really surprised me. I was expecting
      to at least have my mouth raped but no one did. Beth was getting a lot
      of special attention from the women in the crowd. I know she was getting
      real worried about that because she shivered at the thought of another
      woman touching her in that matter. Beth used to have this friend in college
      that partied with us a lot until she found out that this girl was a lesbian.
      It was then she told this friend to get out of her room and never come
      back. Beth even threw up thinking about the thought of her being touched
      by another woman. There were only three women that touched her doing the
      inspection period and only one of them put her hand on Beth's pussy. Beth
      didn't make a move in fear of what would happen to her if she did. She
      was stronger that I could ever imagine she might be. I was just hoping
      she would be that strong if we were to be sold to different masters. Only
      time would tell.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
Lunch Time   
 After the auctioneer came back up on stage, he announced it would
      be lunchtime for the guests and the slaves. All of the bidders started
      walking back to the tables set up on the far side from the stage and they
      started getting plates and glasses and filled them full of all different
      kinds of food. I saw there were T-bone steak, fish and all kinds of other
      food there. What bothered me was the fact I saw there was a lot of liquor
      being drank and what might result in as far as the treatment we were to
      receive when the bidding started again. I know when I would go into a bar
      when I was still free, people that had too much to drink would start to
      get rough with their friends and I was afraid that given the place we are
      in now, things might start to really get rough. Even though I have already
      seen rough today, I knew that the booze would make it even harder on us.   
 It was now our turn to eat lunch. Instead of the worker men that
      had been feeding us, this time the helper women came to give us our food.
      This time they started from the back end of the line so I would get my
      food before Beth would get hers. As the woman got to me, she told me to
      practice on this polish sausage as if it were a dick. She told me not to
      speak but did tell me that as she was in the crowd, a lot of men were talking
      about me and wandered how much dick I could take in my mouth. She told
      me when she hears people talk like that; they will more that likely want
      the slave to be able to take in a very large dick. She told me several
      of the men that were talking about me had very large and thick dicks. She
      told me to practice on the sausage as it was a dick and try to take it
      all in without choking. I looked at the sausage she had for me and it was
      about fourteen inches long and real thick. She shoved it in my mouth as
      hard as she could and told me to relax the back of my throat and let the
      whole thing go in. I knew she was only trying to get me ready for what
      was going to happen to me but that still didn't help me relax. I managed
      to get the whole sausage down into my throat without gagging. She said
      I would be able to do fine and not to worry about it. She then started
      feeding me my lunch and gave me the same flavor of drink I had been given
      before.   
 Beth was next to get her food and the only thing the woman told
      her was there are several women that have their eyes on her. Beth began
      to shake at the very thought she    
Might end up with a woman Master. I noticed her starting to get
      sick so I whispered to her to be strong no matter what. She looked back
      at me a smiled letting me know she will make it.   
 After all of us had finished eating, we were taken one by one
      to the bucket that was now at the end of the stage. We were forced to use
      the bucket while everyone watched us. After we were finished, we were cleaned
      by the women helpers and brought back to the stage. We were relocked to
      the stage as before. I was starting to relax a little when I saw the auctioneer
      come back on stage. I knew they were getting ready to start the selling
      again.   
 The auctioneer picked up his microphone and told everyone we are
      ready to start the fun again. I was thinking FUN! Let them put him in my
      place and see if he calls this FUN. He called for the next slave. This
      slave was very short. She had small breasts but a very nicely shaped ass.
      Her hair was shoulder length and jet black. There was a big contrast between
      her black hair and her white skin. Her hands were still locked behind her
      as the auctioneer grabbed them and was forcing her hands and arms up behind
      her back. You could see she was in a lot of pain in that position when
      someone in the crowd asked for her to be tied to the sawhorse. I noticed
      the workers bringing in this prop that looked almost like the saw horses
      that construction workers used while repairing buildings on campus. The
      only difference is this saw horse was much taller and had eye bolts on
      all four legs at the bottom. The slave was taken to the sawhorse and told
      to stand it front if it. As she did, her legs were attached to the eyebolts
      at the bottom and she was forced to bend over the top of the horse. Her
      arms were now attached to the eyebolts at the bottom of the other side.
      This position left her with her ass sticking straight up and spread wide.
      A male bidder came up on stage and asked if he could fuck her ass and was
      told to have fun. Several people in the crowd started laughing at that
      remark and that only urged the man on even more. He stepped up behind her
      and guided his stiff member to her widely exposed ass hole and shoved it
      in as hard as he could. He managed to get the whole dick in in one shove.
      The slave let out a scream and the man pulled his dick out and just stood
      there as if in shock. One of the workers came over to the bound slave with
      a huge ball gag and shoved it in her mouth and secured it in the back with
      the attached leather straps. He pulled the straps so hard that the entire
      ball was forced into her mouth. He walked around to her ass and he started
      beating her with a horsewhip that was on the side of the wooden horse.
      She could not scream even if she wanted to so the man beat her for fifty
      hard lashes. When he was finished beating her, he walked around to her
      head and said in a loud voice that this will happen every time she makes
      a noise. That was for our benefit more that hers. He was sending out a
      message for all to hear.    
 He asked the man that started raping her ass if he wanted to start
      over and he said he would not have it any other way. He stuck his dick
      back in and this time he also started slapping her ass as he fucked it.
      She didn't make a sound. He fucked her for at least five minutes before
      he let his cum flow into her ass. A very large man replaced him    
With a big dick. This man stuck his dick into her pussy and fucked
      her like it was his last fuck on earth. He was replaced by at least ten
      other men before the bidding started. The bidding started out on the low
      side with the first only being five hundred dollars. The auctioneer made
      the comment that this slave will make a great toy that should always be
      tied up tight and makes a good gift for all of your friends to have fun
      with. He said that this girl could be fucked all day long without a break
      and with the tight ass she has, it will be a long time before she is ready
      to dispose of. He walked over to a table and picked up two large dildos
      and stuck one deep in her ass and the other deep into her pussy. He left
      them in her and a bid was called out at two thousands. No other bids came
      in and she was sold. She was escorted off of the stage and the next slave
      was brought to the front.   
 This slave was a tall redhead with large breasts and a firm ass.
      One of the women that had been bidding asked if she could be tied upside
      down with her legs spread as far as they would go. A worker brought in
      a pole that was about six feet long with hooks on each end of it. The slave
      was then forced to lie on the floor and each of her legs was attached to
      the pole. A chain was attached to a hook in the center of the bar and then
      to a pulley in the ceiling. She was hoisted straight up until her head
      was off of the floor. Her hands were still padlocked behind her back. The
      woman that made the request asked if she could see how much liquid her
      pussy would hold. She was given a gallon jug of wine and she went to the
      slave and started pouring the wine in her pussy. She had to insert a funnel
      to get the wine in her. She poured the entire gallon into her spread pussy
      and asked for another gallon. As she started pouring it in, she only got
      about a quart in before it was running out. The wine was being absorbed
      into her blood and she started swinging her body back and forth as if she
      was drunk. Indeed she was. What happened next really turned on the crowd.
      The woman who filled her up asked for a straw and stuck it in her pussy
      and started drinking the wine that was stored in her. Several men came
      up on stage and helped her drink her dry. She was then lowered to the floor
      and laying on her back with her hands still under her, men started lining
      up to fuck her. Her legs were still tied far apart so she was very open
      for the taking.   
 The bidding started and the first bid was for ten thousand dollars
      from the woman that filled her pussy with the wine. The next bid went up
      to eleven thousand dollars and was quickly raised to fourteen thousand
      by the first lady. There were no other bids and she was sold to the lady.
      As she came up to pick up her slave, she made the comment that this slave
      will always be her personal drinking container. She was removed from the
      stage and taken outside and locked to a pole with her hands around it.
      Her feet were also tied at the base of the pole. She was told that the
      sun will help her sober up for the next hanging period.    
 The next slave brought to the front was a Japanese girl. The crowd
      was told she has a special talent. When asked by a bidder what it was,
      the auctioneer said she could do the splits with her legs spread out beside
      her. There was no question as to what was to    
happen to her. One bidder asked to be shown so the workers brought
      in a large piece of plywood and had her lay down on it. As she was starting
      to lie down, her hands were freed only to be reattached to the side of
      the board. Her head was also strapped down to the board with large straps.
      The workers hurried and started spreading her legs out to the side and
      they managed get them all the way out. She was then lying there in a complete
      spread-eagled position. Two workers picked up the plywood at her head and
      lifted it all the way up. She was now displayed on this sheet of plywood
      for all to see. The plywood was attached to two chains hanging from the
      ceiling so it would stay in that position. This slave brought a lot of
      attention to the floor. Men started lining up for a chance to fuck this
      girl. They allowed about thirty men to fuck her before they laid the plywood
      back on the floor. The auctioneer said that this slave is perfect for golden
      showers. That is all it took until both men and women were standing in
      line to piss on her. With her head still strapped down, many people aimed
      for her face. One woman squatted down on her face and forced her to lick
      her clit. After she was finished with her, she also pissed all over the
      slave. Her first bid was for twenty five thousand dollars. The bidding
      kept getting higher until she was sold for forty-six thousands dollars.
      She was removed from the board and taken to her new master. It was the
      woman that had the high bid.   
 The auctioneer called for the next slave and she was a beauty.
      She was about five feet ten inches tall with extra long brown hair hanging
      down to her waist. When she was brought to center stage, the auctioneer
      had the workers to tie her hands over her head from the chain hanging from
      the ceiling. Her hair made it perfect for the auctioneer to make mention
      that this fine slave would make a great pony girl. With that being said,
      someone wanted to see her with some pony gear on. They brought in a bit
      gag and fastened it to her open mouth. She had a headgear installed on
      her head like a horse would wear so she could only see in front of her.
      A complete body harness was put on her that forced her large tits to the
      sky someone asked to have a pussy and ass dildo shoved into her and that
      was no problem. It was fastened to her with a strap that attached to her
      body harness. She then had her hands removed from the overhead chain only
      to be locked behind her. A man walked up on stage and started rubbing her
      hair like he was rubbing a horse. He had the workers bend her over so he
      could see that her dildos were still attached. As they bent her over, the
      dildos were pushed in as far as they would go. She was stood back up and
      the man asked for the dildos to be removed so he could see how well this
      Philly could fuck. They removed the strap and the dildos were pulled out
      of her ass and pussy. She was then bent back over and held there by two
      workers as the man started fucking her pussy as hard as he could. While
      he was fucking her, he was beating her like he was riding a horse and the
      faster he beat her, the faster he would fuck her. He filled her pussy full
      of cum and there was a very long line behind him for their shot at her.
      She had been fucked more than any other slave here so far. She had to be
      fucked at least fifty times or more either in the pussy or the ass.    
 After everyone that wanted to fuck her was done, the bids started
      to come in fast and hard. The first bid was for fifty thousand dollars.
      The second one was for sixty thousand. The final bid was for ninety two
      thousand dollars. The auctioneer was proud that he    
thought of the idea of a pony girl. He then called for another
      drink break. People were already starting to get drunk and I knew that
      it would get even worse the more they drank. People started heading for
      the drinks while we were still tied to the back of the stage.    
 The auctioneer walked back to where we were tied and said he had
      a good idea with the pony girl bit and he was going to make a few changes
      in the line of slaves to be sold next. He told us we had better put on
      a good show for the people or he would beat us to death. He was letting
      his idea go to his head. He told all of us that when the people get back
      to bidding, they will be pretty drunk and we had a lot to look forward
      to. With that, he started laughing real hard and loud. He walked up to
      Beth and told her that she would be the next slave to be sold and he had
      special plans for her performance. He told me that I would be after Beth
      and I started shaking. He laughed again and said to enjoy the show while
      we could because when we leave here, things will be a lot worse for us.
      He then told two other girls that they would also be in the next lot to
      be sold. He then picked up a bottle of whisky and took a long drink of
      it. I knew we were in for a real rough time.   
&nbsp;   
Beth on the Block   
 The people started coming back this way and we knew that it was
      our time to be sold. I looked over at Beth and told her I loved her and
      no matter what happens next, stay strong. She told me she loved me too
      and that is when one of the workers heard us talking and he slapped us
      both as hard as he could on the back of our necks.   
 We watched as the auctioneer walked up to the front of the stage
      and picked up his microphone and started talking. He told the crowd he
      had made a few changes in the lineup of slaves and he was going to bring
      up the next slave to be sold. Two men came over and unlocked Beth's chain
      and took her to the front of the stage. He said he had a special for all
      of the ladies out there and to pay close attention to this next slave.
      He had heard that all the women liked Beth and when he made that statement,
      Beth almost pasted out. She was told that she would be tied to a special
      table. The workers started bringing in a table that was designed like a
      doctors exam table with a V for her legs to be tied to. The head of the
      table was formed so the person on it could have their head strapped down
      to a little board that came out from the head of the table. After it was
      installed, Beth was forced to lay on this table with her legs being spread
      wide on the V and her hands were tied to the side of it. They took her
      head and strapped it to the little board so her head was sticking out past
      the table. They also put extra straps on her legs and arms and one around
      her waist so she couldn't move a muscle.    
&nbsp;    
 The auctioneer called for all of the men that wanted a chance
      at her to come up first. There were about thirty-five men in line at the
      very start. He told the first man to get started with her and have a real
      good time with her because it will be a long time before she will get fucked
      like this again. He walked up to her spread legs and he rammed his stiff
      dick into her pussy as pumped hard. He fucked her for at least ten minutes
      before he cum in her. The next man replaced him and this one stuck his
      dick into her ass and fucked her real hard. The next man in line shocked
      all of us. His dick had to be at least fifteen inches long and real thick.
      He grabbed Beth's legs and lined up his dick with her pussy and he rammed
      it in her so hard she screamed out in pain. He kept fucking her like a
      mad man until we all heard him scream out in pleasure as he pumped her
      pussy full of his cum. The auctioneer called for a gag to be put in her
      mouth so she would not   
say anything else. They shoved it in and put duct tape over her
      mouth. The men just kept coming and after the last man finished fucking
      her, I know that there was more than fifty men had fucked my sister. It
      was more than I could bear and I screamed out for them to stop when the
      auctioneer told me that I would be gagged until it is my turn. They put
      a gag in my mouth and taped it so tight I could hardly stand it. I had
      no choice. I had to.    
 The auctioneer told all of the women that wanted to have this
      fine little pussy, to come on up on the stage. There were more than twenty
      women that walked up and said they wanted to have a little fun. He told
      them they had come to the right place. As the first woman walked to her,
      one of the workers took the gag out of her mouth and told her that if she
      made one sound, she would be taken outside and shot to death. He told Beth
      that she WILL DO whatever she is told to do and she would like it.    
 I saw the look on her face and you could tell that she had numbed
      herself from what was going to happen to her next. The first woman walked
      up to her and dropped her slacks and panties and put her pussy right over
      Beth's mouth. She told her to lick her and suck her until she cum. Beth
      started to lick her clit and the woman said do it harder and then Beth
      was slapped across her breasts real hard. Beth started to lick and suck
      with all her might. It took the first lady five minutes to cum. The next
      woman walked up to Beth's ravaged pussy and spread her pussy lips apart
      as far as she could and she stuck her tongue in Beth's pussy as far as
      she could. While the woman was still eating Beth's pussy another woman
      was brought to her face and now they were making Beth suck her pussy while
      the other woman was sucking Beth's. This went on for about ten minutes
      and both women were replaced by two more and it all started again. By the
      time everyone was done with her, Beth had eaten at least fifteen pussies
      and had her pussy eaten at least as much.   
 After everyone was done fucking and sucking her, the bidding was
      about to start when the auctioneer said that Beth would be sold only to
      a woman. My heart stopped beating for a couple of beats. I now knew that
      Beth's worst dream had come true. She will be a slave to a woman and have
      to eat out women's pussies the rest of her life. The bidding started out
      by one woman at fifty thousand dollars. The next bid was sixty thousand.
      The bids kept getting higher and higher until one woman bided one hundred
      and fifty thousand dollars. The gavel struck and Beth was sold. Everyone
      starting clapping when she was sold for such a high price. They took Beth
      off of the table and she was led out of the warehouse with a hood over
      her head and her hands tied behind her back. As she was leaving, the new
      owner of Beth said that everyone could touch her anywhere they want for
      the last time. She said that Beth will be her personal slave and this will
      be their last chance to ever see her again. With that being said, people
      started walking up to Beth and explored her body with their fingers and
      hands. Several men even got a chance to stick their fingers in her pussy.
      The woman then took Beth out and didn't come back in. I knew then I would
      never see my sister again.   
&nbsp;   
My Fate   
 One of the worker men walked over to me and reached down and unlocked
      my chain and told me to stand up and follow him. I was taken to the same
      spot that all the other women had been as they were being sold. My hands
      were unlocked only to be attached to the overhead chain. I was now standing
      in front of all the same people that had raped my sister and the other
      woman. It was now my turn and I had no choice to do anything about it.   
 The auctioneer reached his hand to my breasts and squeezed them
      hard both at the same time. He finished with them and he took his right
      hand and lowered it to my pussy and he rammed two fingers in as far as
      he could. He watched my reaction to the finger fuck and he told me my gag
      would now be removed and if I make a sound, I will be disposed of. I knew
      what he meant by the comment that was made to Beth. I would be shot to
      death. He had a worker remove my gag and as he pulled the duct tape off,
      he did it in such a fashion as to bring as much pain as he could. The gag
      was now out and I stood in silence. The auctioneer told the crowd he was
      going to place me on the "Chair" for the first round of playing.    
 The worker men brought in a chair with no arms on it. As I looked
      at the chair they were installing the legs to the floor, I noticed there
      were two very large wooden dildos fastened to the seat of the chair. They
      were at two different angles so they could be rammed into my pussy and
      ass at the same time. I was removed from the overhead chain and brought
      to this device for display. Two worker men guided my ass and pussy to the
      large dildos and forced both in at the same time. The men paid careful
      attention so as the dildos were inserted just right. They took their hands
      and placed them on my shoulders and shoved me onto the dildos with great
      force. I wanted to scream out but I knew what    
would happen to me if I did. After I was impaled upon the dildos,
      my hands were padlocked to the side of the chair stretching them as far
      down as they would reach. This    
position was done as to keep me from trying to push up with my
      hands to relieve the pain on my ass and pussy. It achieved the opposite
      effect. It put more pressure on them.   
 The auctioneer made the announcement I was ready for the bidders
      to come up and have fun with me. As the first man walked up to me, he got
      down on his knees and looked at the dildos shoved into my pussy and ass.
      He took his finger and started to rub my now exposed clit. With all the
      pain I was in at this time, I was surprised at how good it felt to my pussy.
      He looked up at my face and smiled as he kept rubbing my clit. He watched
      my face and he could tell this was bringing pleasure to me. He rubbed it
      for about two minutes and I was starting to get real wet and he stopped.
      He told me it was not for my pleasure but for his. I was denied the chance
      to cum. The man stood up and lowered his pants to expose his now very erect
      dick. He asked for two stools to be placed beside the chair so he could
      reach my mouth. The stools were quickly put on each side of the chair and
      the man stepped on the first stool, swung his other leg over the chair
      and put his other foot on the other stool. He was now standing spread-eagled
      over me with his dick in perfect position to be rammed in my mouth. He
      took both his hands and grabbed my hair on the back of my head and shoved
      his dick into my mouth as hard as he could. He forced it to the back of
      my throat and started pumping as hard as he could. I wanted to bite down
      on his dick with my teeth but I knew what would happen to me if I did so
      I closed my lips around his stiff member and started to suck as hard as
      I could. It didn't take him very long to spray his cum into my mouth as
      he started to moan. I swallowed every drop he had to offer. He took his
      dick out and stepped off the stools.   
 The next man standing in line was the one who had the fifteen-inch
      dick that raped Beth and made her scream. He reached out and grabbed my
      breasts and squeezed them as if he was trying to tear them off my chest.
      He finished with my breasts and took his hands and forced my mouth open
      as far as he could and started looking deep into it as if he was inspecting
      a horse be was thinking about buying. He told the auctioneer if he had
      the highest bid on me, he would have all my teeth removed because my mouth
      could not open far enough to keep my teeth from touching his dick. The
      auctioneer agreed with him and told me to if my teeth did touch his dick,
      I would have them pulled now. I knew what was going to happen so I tried
      to keep telling myself to keep my mouth opened as far as it would go.    
 The man took off his pants and stepped up on the stools and guided
      his massive dick towards my mouth He also grabbed the back of my head and
      shoved his dick in as far as it would go. It was deep in my throat by this
      time and he didn't seem to be pulling it out to pump it as the other man
      did. He watched my eyes to see my reaction to his huge dick in the bottom
      of my throat. After he knew I could handle him without biting him, he started
      to pump his dick in and out. He would bring his dick out to the tip of
      my tongue   
and then ram it all the way back in. This continued on for at least
      five minutes as if he had no cum to give when I felt him start to swell
      even more and the pulse of his dick    
started getting faster and he started to moan real loud and he
      pushed it in as far as it would go. I felt his hot cum pouring down the
      back of my throat. He pulled out of my    
mouth and told me I did a real good job as if I was supposed to
      be proud if the fact that I could take his entire dick. He stepped off
      the stage only to be replaced by another man wanting to rape my throat.   
 By this time, I have had my mouth raped seven times when the auctioneer
      called for a short break. He told the bidders he was going to have me put
      into a different position so everyone could fuck my pussy and ass as well
      as my mouth. The worker men took the padlocks off my hands they grabbed
      me by the shoulders and pulled me off of the wooden dildos and to my feet.
      They took my hands and padlocked them over my head to the chain as before.
      The auctioneer asked the bidders how they wanted me tied now.    
 One man asked for me to be tied in a position where my ass and
      pussy could be fucked at the same time. The auctioneer asked for the two
      spreader bars to be brought up. One of the worker men brought two metal
      bars about five feet long with eyehooks on the end on them. They lowered
      the chain that held me to the ceiling so I would be able to spread my legs
      open to be attached to the pole. As soon as they lowered the chain, one
      man placed the bar at my feet and padlocked my left ankle to one end of
      the pole. He pulled my right ankle to the other end of the pole and padlocked
      it there. One worker put his hand on my neck to keep me from falling as
      another removed my hands from the chain only to be padlocked to the other
      metal bar. The bar was attached to the overhead chain and raised up until
      my feet were barley on the floor. I was now spread-eagled wide both hands
      and feet ready to be raped again.   
 The men started to line up at the end of the stage as if they
      couldn't wait to rape me. Two men were brought to me at the same time.
      One man was now standing in front of me and the other behind me. I watched
      the man in front take off his pants and his dick was already as hard as
      a rock. I could hear the man behind me as he was taking off his pants.
      I was about to be raped by two men at the same time. I knew it would be
      different than the dildos that impaled me before. These would be real live
      dicks that will rape without mercy. The man in front took his dick and
      lined it up with in my pussy lips when I felt the man behind me lining
      his dick up with my ass. The man behind me said he was ready and on the
      count of three, shove your dick in as hard as you can. The man behind me
      said ONE. I was now about to be gang raped. TWO said the other man. THREE.
      Both men at the same time rammed their dicks in my pussy and ass as hard
      as they could. They were pumping their dicks in and out at the same time
      and felt like I was going to pass out from the pain. They were raping me
      with all they had. I could hear the people in the crowd cheering these
      men on as they raped me. This only made the men pump harder and faster.
      The order of alcohol was very strong with only added to their fury of the
      rape. I heard the man that was raping my ass tell the other man he was
      getting ready to cum and the man raping my pussy started even harder and
      I could feel they were both going to cum at the same time. The cum started
      pouring into my pussy and ass at the same time with one final fury of pumping.
      Both men took their dicks out at the same time and I could feel the hot
      cum dripping from my body onto the floor.   
&nbsp;    
 The auctioneer called for a worker to clean me up for the next
      two men. I knew I would be raped over and over again. I had been gang banged
      eight more times when the auctioneer called for another break to reposition
      me for the next round. I didn't know how much more I could handle. The
      worker men took me down from this position and someone asked for me to
      be put in the toilet position. I had no idea what they were talking about
      until I saw a worker bring in this item that looked like a toilet seat
      with legs on it. I was forced to the floor with the bars still attached
      to my hands and feet. The bars were locked to the floor with me still in
      the spread-eagled position and the toilet seat with legs was placed over
      my face. I then knew what was going to happen next.    
 The auctioneer called for all the women in the crowd to come to
      the stage and give me a golden shower. It didn't take the women long to
      start lining up to piss on my face. The first woman sat down on the toilet
      seat and all I could see was her pussy and ass staring me in the face.
      She grunted and the piss started flowing. I tried to move my face out of
      the line of fire and I heard a woman yelling, "She is moving her head." The
      woman stopped pissing and stood up. A worker was called to secure my head
      from moving. As the worker was putting straps over my forehead and securing
      them to the floor, the auctioneer called for a mouth clamp. The worker
      took a clamp and forced it in my mouth so I could not shut my mouth at
      all. The next woman took her place. Before she started pissing, the auctioneer
      told me I had better drink every drop in my mouth. The pissing started
      again. I could not move an inch and was forced to drink all her piss. My
      face and hair was covered with piss as each woman took their turn on me.
      One man said he wanted his turn at pissing on here and me come the men
      again. The toilet seat was removed and several men walked over to me and
      started pissing all over my face and body. I was a human toilet with no
      escape. One man stood over my belly took a shit on me.    
 The workers were called back to clean me up before the bidding
      was to start. The workers took a hose and sprayed me down like they were
      washing a dirty car. After I was cleaned up and the clamp removed from
      my mouth, the man with the fifteen-inch dick asked the auctioneer if they
      could shave my head. The auctioneer asked the bidders if anyone objected
      and no one said anything. A worker removed the straps from my head and
      two more workers grabbed the bar, which held my hands and lifted me up
      and reattached it to the chain in the ceiling. I was now back in the position
      I was in for the gang rape. One worker walked over to me with a pair of
      sheers and plugged it in and started shaving all my hair off. I have always
      been proud of my hair but I was going to lose it now with no choice in
      the matter. After he sheered all the hair off, he took a can    
Of shaving cream and sprayed it on my sheered head. He took a straight
      razor and completely shaved the rest of my hair. I now stood in front of
      everyone without a hair on my body.   
&nbsp;    
&nbsp;    
 The man with the fifteen inch dick asked for one more fuck with
      me before the bidding started and the auctioneer said come on up and enjoy.
      As he was walking back    
On the stage, he was finishing off a bottle of whiskey. He threw
      the empty bottle down at the end of the stage and walked over to me and
      said he was going to fuck me like I have never been fucked before. I thought
      how would he know. I have lost count how many times I have been raped and
      by this time, I didn't care. He stepped in front of me, dropped his pants
      and rammed his huge dick in me as far as it could. He started fucking me
      and started taking his hands and started slapping me all over. He hit my
      face, breasts and ass as hard as he could. The harder he fucked, the harder
      he slapped me. He let out a huge scream and started filling my pussy with
      his cum. He pulled out of my pussy and turned around when the auctioneer
      called for the bidding to start.   
 The first bid came in at seventy five thousand dollars by the
      man with the huge dick. It was raised to eighty thousand. Another bid came
      in at ninety thousand dollars by one of the women that had pissed in my
      mouth. The bidding was getting higher and higher. The man with the huge
      dick bid one hundred thirty thousand dollars. The auctioneer called for
      another bid but no one spoke out. He called out two more times without
      another bid and he said SOLD!!! I was now the property of the man who has
      the fifteen-inch dick, the man who said he would have all my teeth pulled,
      the man who had my head shaved. I knew I would be his slave for the rest
      of my life. He walked back on stage over to where I was still spread-eagled
      and padlocked and stuck four fingers of his right hand in my pussy. He
      told me I will be the highlight of all his parties and he has one every
      night.   
 The workers took the padlocks off my hands and feet and padlocked
      my hands behind my back. My new owner grabbed me by my left nipple and
      started walking me off the stage. I was taken outside to a big black Lincoln.
      My new owner told one of the men who came with him to get me ready to leave.
      This man removed the padlock from my hands and he put more cuffs like I
      had on my wrist, on my arms just above the elbow. He forced my right hand
      to my left elbow behind my back and installed a padlock to it. He took
      my left hand and padlocked it to my right elbow. I now cannot move my hands
      or arms even an inch for relief. He took a ball gag and shoved it in my
      mouth and pulled the leather straps behind my head and I heard a padlock
      being locked to the straps. My new owner told the man to put the hood over
      my head and get me in the truck. The man put a black leather hood over
      my head and neck and I felt him pulling straps around my head. There were
      two little holes by my nose for me to breath through. I was now in complete
      darkness. I felt someone picking me up and put me in the trunk. After he
      laid me down, he took a padlock and locked my legs together. He took a
      chain and put it on my leg cuffs and pulled my legs up behind me as far
      as he could pull them. I felt the chain being padlocked to my wrist cuffs
      and knew I was totally at their disposal. I felt a    
pair of hands feeling my breasts and they moved down to my exposed
      pussy. I felt something cold being shoved into my pussy and held in place
      by a strap that was placed around my waist. I could barley hear my new
      owner tell his men to drive to the landing strip before the trunk was shut.   
&nbsp;    
&nbsp;    
 I have no idea how long I was in the trunk. I had fallen asleep
      after all I had been through over the past three days. I heard the trunk
      being opened and someone lifting me out and placing me on the ground. The
      chain that held my feet to my hands had been removed. The padlock holding
      my feet together was removed. The dildo in my pussy was removed I was raised
      to a standing position. I felt hands helping me to stand up. The black
      hood was removed from my head and neck and the ball gag was removed from
      my mouth. I opened my eyes and tried to readjust them to the light as I
      felt a hand hit me across my ass with a hard blow. It was then I saw the
      small jet parked by the car.   
 My new owner was standing beside me and told me not to say a word.
      He went on to tell me I was going to his private island and I will spend
      the rest of my life there. I will do everything I am told to do or I will
      be real sorry. He told his men to get the jet ready to takeoff and to board
      me. I was quickly moved to the small jet and walked on board. I was taken
      to a seat and shoved in it. My hands were still locked behind my back and
      it was hard to rest against them. A seat belt was put around my waist and
      firmly secured. The men were hurrying around getting everything in the
      jet and the door was shut and locked. My new owner sat in a seat next to
      mine and told me to listen real carefully.    
 As the jet was taking off, my new owner was telling me I will
      be his slave and there will be no chance to ever escape. He said his island
      is far out in the ocean and is very secure. He went on to tell me if I
      was to ever try to escape, I will not be shot because he paid too much
      money to kill me. He told me I would be punished in such a way I will never
      even think about escape again. He told me I will be able to speak to him
      in a few minutes and I had better ask all the questions I can think of
      because this will be the very last time I will ever be able to talk. He
      reached over to me and grabbed my breasts and squeezed them and moved his
      hand to my pussy. He put two fingers in and smiled at me. This is your
      life now so get used to it.    
&nbsp;   
My new life as a slave   
 We had been in the air a few minutes and my new owner said I could
      start asking questions and they will be answered. I was afraid to speak
      after what he told me but I didn't know the answers to the questions I
      had so I started to speak. The first thing I    
Asked him was "Will I ever see my sister Beth again?" He replied
      with this. Your sister Beth is in the hands of a lesbian and she has her
      own things to worry about. I asked him "How will people explain our disappearance?" His
      reply was, "All girls sold at the auction have been hand picked by the
      slave traders. Every girl kidnapped and sold as slaves have been watched
      for some time before they are taken and they know all about you and your
      family and your past. They have taken your car you were in and placed two
      dead runaway girls in it and it was burned in an accident they staged.
      The bodies are burned so badly, they cannot be identified. No one will
      be looking for you."   
 I asked him how long has this slave auction been going on? His
      reply was," It has been there for years and most people, both men and women,
      that have been reported missing, have been sold there." I asked him what
      would happen to me when we get to his island? His answer was "You will
      be a sex slave for me and whoever I let use you. Your only purpose in life
      now is for sex. I will tell you more about that when we get there." The
      next question was "Do you even know who I am or my name or is that all
      forgotten when you bought me?" He told me "Yes I know your given name.
      It is Brenda. Yes I know your age. You are twenty-two years old. Yes I
      know your sister Beth is twenty-one years old and you were both majoring
      in English in collage. Yes I know you were not a virgin when you were kidnapped.
      Neither was your sister Beth.. Yes I know you like to drink brandy. Yes
      I know you enjoy being fucked. Yes I know you have been in trouble with
      the law. Anything else about you you want to know?"   
 I asked him what he meant by I will never be able to talk again
      after this. He said "You will be given an injection in your vocal cords
      that will leave you without the ability to even moan or make any kind of
      sound. This will be permanent." My next question was "Why no voice?" His
      answer was "You will have no need to speak again and it serves another
      purpose. You will not even be able to scream when you are either fucked
      or beaten." I asked him " Are you going to pull my teeth like you said
      at the auction?" He said, "Yes your teeth will be pulled." I asked him
      how would I be able to eat. His reply was " Your main diet will be cum
      and piss. When there is no one to feed you because we have all cumed in
      your pussy or ass, what falls out of you will be saved and given to you
      later. Also, you had better get used to the taste of piss. You will drink
      all of my piss every time I have to piss. By the way, I drink a lot so
      I piss a lot. You will also receive a large amount of vitiams to keep your
      health up. You will also be given another shot that will render you unable
      to shed tears. The last thing I want to see is a bitch like you shedding
      tears.   
 The next question I asked was "What will you call me. Brenda?" He
      said, " Brenda is DEAD. I will call you SLAVE. When I call the name slave,
      you will pay attention because I will be talking to you." I asked, "Why
      was my hair shaved off my head?" He said "It will be easier to wash you
      because you will have all kinds of piss and cum on your head and body.
      When we get to the island, I will have all hair on your body permanently
      removed. Even your eyebrows. You will get to keep your eyelashes."    
 He looked at me and told me to get ready to scream as loud as
      I could because it will be the last sound you will EVER make. I saw a man
      walk up behind my seat with a syringe in his hand. My new owner told me
      to start screaming and don't stop till you can't scream anymore. The man
      behind me grabbed my head and pulled it back against the seat as hard as
      he could and he placed the needle to my neck. I started screaming as loud
      as I could not because he told me to but because I didn't want to never
      be able to speak again. As I was screaming, the man stuck the needle into
      my neck and started    
pushing the liquid in my vocal cords. I took a deep breath and
      started to scream again but nothing came out. I tried to scream again and
      my new owner laughed and told me I was    
Now unable to ever speak again. He said if I didn't believe him,
      try to talk. I tried to say FUCK YOU but nothing came out. He laughed again.
      He told me I was never allowed to try to form words with my lips. He said
      the only thing my lips are for now is to wrap around a dick. Tears started
      to run down my face when my owner told his man to get the other shot. The
      man injected my right cheek and then my left cheek right below my eyes
      with something that really burned. I was told I could not shed tears again
      either. I was still crying when my owner picked up a mirror and put it
      to my face and showed me there was nothing coming out. He laughed again.
      I was now doomed. My new owner told me to think of him as my MASTER from
      now on.   
 One of my master's men asked him if he could fuck me here and
      now. My master said she might as well get used to it now. Go ahead. I was
      removed from my seat and thrown on the floor and the man told me to spread
      my legs wide. He said that this was not a request but rather a demand.
      I spread my legs wide and the man fell down on top of me after he took
      off all his clothes and he started fucking me. My master told me to get
      used to this because I will get this treatment several times a day if not
      more everyday. He was fucking me and he stopped, he still had his dick
      in me and he hit me in the mouth and told me to start humping him back
      like I enjoyed it. He then started fucking me again and I started pushing
      my hips up to meet his and he started pumping faster and faster. He came
      inside of me and my owner started laughing again. The man got off of me
      and put a cup under my pussy and lifted me up as the cum started flowing
      out of me. He strapped me back in my seat. He lifted the cup to my lips
      and told me to drink it. I drank all of it and my master smiled and told
      me that was a good slave. That is when I really felt like a slave.   
 As the flight continued, my master took a bottle of whiskey and
      held it to my mouth. He told me to take a big drink of it. I took a big
      drink and almost choked on it. I never liked whiskey for that reason. He
      stood up and told me to open my mouth. He put his limp dick in my mouth
      and started pissing. He reminded me I had better drink it all. I thought
      he was never going to stop. I managed to drink every drop he had to offer.
      He told me I would make a good toilet. The thought of having to drink his
      piss turned my stomach but I knew I had better get use to it. He then put
      the bottle of whiskey back to my mouth and I gladly drank it to get the
      foul taste out of my mouth.    
 I was told I could get some sleep now because when we get to the
      island, I will be real busy getting to know just what I will be doing the
      rest of my life. It didn't take me long to fall asleep after what I have
      been through plus the whiskey I had drunk.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
My New Home   
 I have no idea how long I was asleep when I felt the jet landing
      on the island. My master told me we would be at our quarters in just a
      few minutes. I wondered what he meant by "OUR" quarters. The jet came to
      a stop and I was unstrapped from my seat and taken down the steps. As I
      looked around, I could see that this island was very large. My master took
      me by the neck strap and led me to this little building at the end of the
      runway. He took me inside and had one of his men to install a chain to
      my neck collar. The chain looked like a dog leash. The man told me to stand
      real still because he was going to weld it into the ring of my collar.
      I felt the heat of the torch as he finished his job. He then walked behind
      me and removed the padlock from my neck collar and placed a metal ring
      where the lock had been. He told me to stand still as he welded it in place.
      The same thing was done to my wrist and ankle collars. The collars around
      my upper arms were removed. After he was finished, my master told me these
      collars and a key cannot remove chain. I will not have a chance to try
      to remove the locks now.    
 My master grabbed the chain and started leading me outside like
      a dog. We walked down this gravel path through some trees until I saw this
      huge house. This was one of the largest houses I have ever seen. There
      were several smaller buildings sitting next to the big house. He took me
      to one of the smaller houses and told me this is where I will be punished
      when needed. As we went into the door, I saw several props like there were
      at the slave traders place. My master showed me several I have not seen
      before. I didn't even want to try to figure them out right now. I knew
      this place was going to be a living hell for me. One of the workers started
      removing my arms from behind my back and told me to stand still. When they
      were free, I was told to move my arms around to get to blood going again.
      It sure felt good to have my hands free again. I started swinging them
      around and the feeling started returning to them. The worker told me to
      put my hands up by my neck in front of me. I did as he told me and he took
      a single padlock and placed it in the rings of my wrist cuffs and in ring
      in my neck collar. After he locked it, my master told me this is where
      my hands will stay until he gave orders to have them locked in a different
      position. He told me this would keep my hands and arms from swelling all
      the time. It did feel a lot better than behind my back.   
 My master toward the big house led me outside again. He said I
      would be given the grand tour of his place. He took me to the front door
      and we walked in. He had the leash in his hand pulling me when I would
      start to slow down. As we walked inside, I looked around and saw all the
      beauty of this place. I was even nicer than I thought from looking at the
      outside. We were in the front room and it looked bigger than a football
      field. There were paintings hanging from the walls with beautiful naked
      women in bondage. Every picture was a little different. My master told
      me my picture would be added to his collection of paintings.    
&nbsp;    
 My master led me up a flight of stairs and down this long hallway.
      He opened a big door and led me into this room. I was told this is where
      we will be sleeping at night. There was a huge bed against one wall and
      he pulled me over to it. He showed me a ring that was bolted to the floor
      at the foot of this bed. He said this is where I will be chained each night
      after all the parties. There was this thick bearskin rug where I was to
      sleep. I looked at it and heard my master tell me that all is not bad here.
      There will be a lot of pleasures for me. He said not to let this go to
      my head because I am here for only one reason. I will serve him and his
      guests as he pleases. I am for sex and sex only. He told me I would grow
      to love it here and love to suck and fuck all day and night. I knew that
      I will be here forever and I had better get used to it. My master led me
      back downstairs to show me the rest of his place. As we walked, I kept
      noticing all the items sitting around on the floor. Most of them were for
      bondage of some sort. There was a great deal of them around.    
 We were in the big room in the front of the house when he stopped
      and said he had to piss again. Without being told, I got down on my knees
      and he stepped over to my mouth and stuck his limp dick in. I closed my
      lips around it and he started pissing. I again drank every drop and he
      looked at me and smiled and said, "See there, you are already starting
      to learn your job." I was getting ready to stand back up when one of his
      workers asked if he could get a blowjob now. I had never seen this man
      before. My master said sure. The man stood in front of me and dropped his
      pants to show me his already still dick. He stuck it in my mouth and told
      me to start sucking. My master told me also to use my hands on this mans
      balls as I sucked him. That wasn't hard to do with my hands locked to my
      neck collar. I reached up and started rubbing his balls as he was ramming
      his dick into my throat. This man didn't have a very large dick so it was
      easy to do as I was told. I could feel his balls starting to move in my
      hands as his dick started to swell even more. He shoved his dick in as
      far as it would go and started to cum. He pulled his dick out to the tip
      and told me to clean him up. I started licking the tip of his dick until
      it was clean. My master started laughing and said he really got his moneys
      worth out of this bitch. That is exactly what I felt like too. A female
      dog.   
 My master led me into this room right off of the big room and
      told me this is where I will take my pisses There wasn't a toilet in the
      room. All that was in the room was a chain hanging from the ceiling over
      a drain in the floor. I will be tied up to the chain every time I have
      to piss or shit. I will not clean myself either. He said one of his men
      would do that for me. He told me when I have to piss or shit, stomp my
      foot on the floor three times and I will be chained up for my piss. He
      told their piss and me I will not have to shit very much since all I will
      have to eat is cum. He then started laughing again. I had to go real bad
      by this time so I stomped my foot three times and I was led to the chain.
      My hands were unlocked from my neck and relocked to the chain. It wasn't
      until then I noticed the chain was attached to a pulley in the ceiling.
      The chain started lifting towards the ceiling and my feet were barely touching
      the floor. Two men walked up to me and each one grabbed a leg and forced
      my legs apart and off the floor. I am now spread-eagled hanging from the
      ceiling. My master told me to start pissing. I did as he told me to. It
      was hard to concentrate on what I was doing while two men held my legs
      apart. As I finished, one of the men let go of my leg and grabbed a cold
      wet towel while the other man still held my other leg out. The towel was
      roughly rubbed over my pussy and ass. I was lowered back to the floor,
      my arms removed from the ceiling chain and reattached to my neck collar.
      I was led back to the main room.   
 My master sat me down on a chair and started to tell me what was
      going to happen to me tomorrow. He said "You will be taken to one of the
      small buildings where they will permanently remove all your hair from your
      body. After this is finished, you will be branded on both your ass cheeks
      with the word Slave on your left cheek and Bitch on your right. You will
      also have the words Fuck Me tattooed right above your pussy and Suck Me
      above each breast. This will be done not just for my pleasure but also
      to always remind you what your only purpose in life is for. Your teeth
      will be pulled after all this is finished. You will be taken back to our
      bedroom and chained to the floor for the rest of the day so you can rest
      for the party tomorrow night. I am having a special party to show you off
      to all my friends. I will let you drink all the whiskey you want in the
      morning to help you through the day and all the pain you will be in."   
 It was getting late in the evening now and I was hoping I would
      get to rest before tomorrow. My master had other plans for me. He had me
      taken to the center of this big room and had a bar hanging from the ceiling.
      My hands were locked to the bar and another bar was placed between my legs
      and my legs spread wide and attached to it. I am back in the position I
      have been in before so I knew what was going to happen next. My master
      called all his workers in the room and he told them to break me in real
      good. It didn't take them long to get started. The men started lining up
      in front of me and I was fucked in the pussy and ass so many times, I lost
      track. Each time a man had cum in me, either my ass or pussy, a glass was
      put under me to catch the cum. The glass filled up fast. My master didn't
      fuck me this time. He did bring the glass up to my mouth and told me to
      drink every bit of it. I had no problem with this because I was starving
      by now. After I finished drinking the cum, I was removed from the bars
      and my hands relocked to my neck and told to sit on the floor. Each man
      that had fucked me walked over to my mouth and put their limp dicks in
      and started pissing. My master was the last one to piss in my mouth.    
 My master gave me another drink of the whiskey and told his workers
      to take me to his bedroom and chain me for the night. They picked me up
      to my feet and started leading me out when I had to piss again. I stomped
      my foot three times and the men stopped. My master laughed again and told
      them to take me to the pissing room. I was taken back into the room and
      chained as I was before. I was lifted off the floor and they spread my
      legs apart again and I had no trouble pissing this time. My bladder was
      full of piss and cum. They cleaned me as before and lowered me to the ground
      and reattached my hands to my neck collar and led out of the room. I was
      taken straight to the bedroom and chained to the floor. My master came
      in the bedroom and told me to get some sleep now because I will need it
      for tomorrow. He took his hands and felt my entire body from top to bottom.
      He reached over to my titties with his mouth and started sucking them.
      He put his fingers in my pussy and pumped them until I started to move
      my hips back and forth. He knew I was getting ready to cum so he started
      rubbing my clit as hard as he could. I didn't have a choice, I started
      getting real wet and I started cuming. He didn't stop until he knew I had
      finished cuming. He reached over and kissed my on the mouth and told me
      good night. This was the first time he has either kissed me or sucked my
      breasts. I lie back on my rug and fell asleep.   
 I was awakened by my master telling me to get ready for the big
      day. He leaned down and put his mouth on my left breast and started sucking
      it. As he finished with my breast, he rose up to my mouth and kissed me
      and said "Good Morning". He was still naked from the night before. He stood
      up on his knees and put his limp dick in my mouth and I knew he was getting
      ready to piss in my mouth. I closed my lips around the head of his dick
      and he emptied his piss in me. I drank it and he smiled and said, "You
      are a fast learner." I smiled back at him and he walked out of the bedroom.
      A worker man came in the room and told me he was going to take me to the
      shed and get me ready for all that was to be done to me today. He unlocked
      my leash from the floor hook and took it in his hand and told me to follow
      him. Right, as if I had a choice. He took me downstairs and asked me if
      I had to piss. I knew it would be a long time before I had a chance to
      go again so I stomped my foot three times. He called for another man to
      help him with me. We went back to the room where I use the bathroom and
      was tied back up as I have been before. I was lifted off the floor and
      they spread my legs apart and told me to start. I started pissing on command.
      I had to take a shit with all of the polish sausage I had eaten at the
      slave house. I pushed and the shit started to flow. One worker laughed
      and told the other worker this will be a very rare occasion to watch. I
      knew what he was talking about since I was told my main diet would be cum
      and piss. After I had finished, one worker went to a small cabinet on the
      wall and took out an enema bag and shoved the tip deep in my ass. He let
      the cold liquid fill my ass and removed the tip. I was starting to get
      a cramp when I started letting out the fluid. After I was finished, the
      worker cleaned me with a cold wet towel and lowered me back to the floor.
      My hands were reattached to my neck collar and I was led out the front
      door.   
&nbsp;    
 They took me to the little building and we walked in. I was told
      to sit down on the floor and wait for my master to get here. As I looked
      around the room, I noticed something I have never noticed before. I haven't
      seen a clock or a watch since I had been kidnapped. I don't even remember
      seeing one at the slave traders place or in my master's house. Does this
      mean there is no such thing as time anymore? My master walked in and said
      it was about time to get started getting his new slave ready. He came over
      to me and handed me a full bottle of whiskey and told me to drink as much
      as I thought I would need to handle the pain. It was hard for me to try
      to lift to bottle to my mouth with my hands still locked to my neck collar.
      I tried to get it up but I couldn't reach that far. My master took the
      bottle from me and lifted it to my mouth and told me to drink. I wanted
      to get as drunk as I could so the pain wouldn't seem as bad so I drank
      almost the entire bottle. My head started spinning and I knew I was getting
      drunk. He offered the rest to me and I gladly finished the bottle off.
      He waited about fifteen minutes and watched me to see if the whiskey had
      taken affect. It had, I was now drunker than I have ever been in my entire
      life.   
 My master asked me if I had to pee yet and I tried to raise my
      foot up to stomp the floor but was unable to do it. He told a worker to
      get a bucket and place it under me so I could piss. As drunk as I was,
      I was thankful I wasn't taken back to the main house and strung back up.
      They lifted me up so I could sit on this bucket and I started pissing as
      hard as I could. I was lifted into a standing position and it was all I
      could be to keep from falling down. They took me to this table in the middle
      of the room and raised me up and slid me on it. My hands were unlocked
      and pulled over my head and attached to rings on each side of the table.
      I felt hands pulling my legs apart and they were also locked to rings at
      the end of the table. I was now locked spread-eagled on this table waiting
      for them to begin on me. A man walked over to me and started putting this
      gel all over my body. He paid close attention to my legs, pussy, under
      my armpits, and my head. When he had finished with that, he reached over
      to a counter and plugged in a device that looked like something they use
      when people get an ultrasound. He told me this would burn a little as he
      ran it over anywhere where hair has grown. He said this will remove all
      the hair roots and therefore, no hair will ever grow again. He started
      with my legs. He was right, it burned like hell. He finished with my legs
      and started on my pussy mound. After that, he moved it under my armpits
      and then to my shaven head. He even removed my eyebrows like my master
      said was going to happen. He told me as he finished, "You will never have
      hair anywhere on your body again." My master walked over to me and smiled
      and said I will be left on the table to rest for an hour before they were
      to brand me.   
 I lay on the table trying to go to sleep but the thought of being
      branded prevented me from this. After about an hour had pasted, my master
      walked over to me and asked me if I wanted more whiskey. I shook my head
      yes and he lifted my head up and placed a fresh bottle to my lips. I drank
      as much as I could get down until he took the bottle away. He said it is
      time to get your ass branded now. Two workers removed my locks and turned
      me over on my stomach and relocked my hands and legs in the same position.
      My master took a marker and marked on my ass the spot he wanted the branding
      irons to be placed. Each mark was high up on each ass cheek. I heard a
      man walking in the door and I could smell something burning. It was the
      branding irons. He walked over to me and my master told him on the count
      of three, place both irons on the spots he had marked and leave them there
      for five seconds. My master started counting. When he reached three, I
      felt the worst pain I have ever felt in my life. I tried to scream but
      nothing came out. He held them there for five seconds and then removed
      them. I could smell my burning flesh fill the room. My master took a bottle
      of salve and rubbed it on the fresh burns. He told me it would help stop
      the pain. He then offered me one more drink of whiskey. He pulled my head
      up off the table and put the bottle to my lips. I again took a big drink.
      I was left on the table for a short rest.   
 They came back to me and said I was to be taken to the X rack
      to be tattooed. I was removed from the table and led to this rack and they
      strapped me down to it. I was in an upright position this time. The man
      that branded me asked my master what color he wanted to tattoos to be.
      My master told him to put the FUCK ME in red and the SUCK ME in blue. My
      master told the man to also put the shape of a heart right below the FUCK
      ME right at the edge of my pussy crack. He said this would look even better.
      The man brought a stool in front of me and sat down. He took his tattooing
      machine and placed the red ink in it. He started with the lettering first.
      This didn't hurt near as much as anything that had been done to me before.
      He finished with the FUCK ME and started on the heart. When he got the
      needle close to my pussy crack at the bottom of the heart, it started to
      hurt. He quickly finished with my pussy and cleaned his equipment to change
      ink colors. He put in the blue ink, stood up and started tattooing my breasts
      with SUCK ME above each one. When he had finished with all the tattoos,
      he rubbed rubbing alcohol over each tattoo and told my master he was done.
      My master walked over to inspect his work and said that was real good.
      He rubbed his hand over each tattoo and told me I was just about done.
      He took his right hand and stuck three fingers in my pussy and started
      pumping them. He then pulled them out and started rubbing my clit again.
      He rubbed my clit until I started getting wet again and told me to cum
      now. I did as he said and I was amazed that I could cum on demand. The
      workers took me off of the X rack and locked my hands to my neck collar
      and told me to sit back on the floor. As I sat down, I felt the new brands
      on my ass touch the floor so I tried to lean forward enough so they wouldn't
      touch. It worked. As long as I leaned forward, it didn't hurt.   
 My master told one of his workers to take me for a walk to get
      some exercise. I was led outside and walked around the grounds. I really
      felt naked with the brands on my ass saying Slave and Bitch and the tattoos
      on my pussy and breasts saying FUCK ME and SUCK ME. Everyone we pasted
      looked at me and everyone of them said, "Yes I will fuck you." and laughed.
      I really felt like a whore. We walked about an hour and I was led back
      into the room where I was branded and tattooed and was told to get ready
      to have my teeth pulled. I was tied to a big chair with my hands locked
      to the side and my feet to the bottom. The chair looked almost like a dentist
      chair without all the fancy things on it. My head was strapped to the headrest
      with two straps. My master took a mirror and put it in front of me and
      told me to get a good look at my teeth because I will never see them again.
      I opened my mouth and looked at my teeth and wanted to start crying but
      I could no longer shed any tears. My master removed the mirror and told
      me I will be put to sleep for this. A man took a needle and put it in my
      arm and said I will be knocked out while he pulls my teeth. I started getting
      sleepy and I fell asleep.   
 I have no idea how look I had been knocked out when I woke up.
      I felt my mouth was really hurting and knew my teeth had been pulled. I
      moved my tongue around the inside of my mouth and all I could feel was
      where my teeth used to be. I could feel the stitches that were in my gums.
      I was thinking that here I am, twenty-two years old and I will be disfigured
      for the rest of my life. My master came over to me and told me to open
      my mouth wide so he could see the inside. I opened up as far as I could
      and he said now you can use your gums to squeeze my dick with. He told
      the men to take me out of the chair and put me on the floor. My hands were
      locked behind my back and my master told me that was so I could not bother
      my gums. I was now sitting on the floor when my master told me he had to
      piss. I was thinking that all I have been through, you are still going
      to piss in me. He stepped in front of me with his dick and told me to wrap
      my lips around his dick but don't let my gums touch him yet. He started
      pissing and I could feel a sting on my gums as the piss flowed over them.
      I tried to swallow as fast as I could to keep it from stinging as bad.
      I thought he was never going to stop pissing. When he was done, he told
      one of his workers to take me back to the main house and tie me to end
      of the bed. He told me to rest up as best as I could before tonight because
      I was the center attraction for tonight's party. The worker took me into
      the bedroom, locked my chain to the floor and told me to roll over on my
      back and rest on my arms and not to move. I did as he said and then he
      took off his pants and lie down on top of me and shoved his stiff dick
      into my pussy. He fucked me like a mad man. When he was finished, he got
      off of me and said, "Thanks for the invitation that was tattooed on your
      pussy. I will take that as a standing invitation." He put a cup under my
      pussy and his cum filled the glass. He told me to drink it and get to sleep.
      I drank it and he left the room. I then fell back to sleep.   
&nbsp;   
The Party   
 I was awakened this time by one of the workers. He told me the
      party is about to start and he is to bring the main attraction downstairs.
      He unlocked my leash and checked my hands to see they were still tight
      behind me. He grabbed my pussy with one of his hands and stuck a finger
      in as far as it would go. He took his other hand and started rubbing my
      breasts. He led me down the stairs to the main room and it was full of
      men and women. It took me by surprise to see the women there. I have not
      seen a woman since I have been here. I was taken to the center of the room
      where the chain was hanging from the ceiling and my hands were freed from
      behind my back to over my head and attached to the chain.    
 I haven't seen my master as yet and was wondering what was going
      on here. My master walked through the big door and over to where I was
      tied. He said to the crowd, "This is my new Bitch Slave and she is here
      to be enjoyed by everyone." He turned to me and again kissed me on the
      lips. He told everyone not to bother my mouth because of the surgery that
      was preformed this morning. He said he wanted my gums to heal and this
      is why no touching them. He did say that my pussy and ass can be used as
      they saw fit. A woman walked over to me and started sucking my breasts.
      She stopped and told the crowd that they did say to SUCK ME. She started
      again and reached her hand down to my pussy and started rubbing it. She
      stuck her fingers in my pussy and pumped like a man would. I now know how
      Beth must feel. My master walked up to the woman and told her that she
      could do what she wanted to do to me but this slave is not to fall for
      a woman so she should be rough on me.    
 The woman agreed with him and asked if she could beat me. My master
      said she could but leave her brands alone until they could heal. He went
      on to tell her he wasn't trying to stop the fun but he didn't want any
      damage to come of the brands. She picked up a whip lying on the floor and
      pulled back as hard as she could and hit me across my titties with the
      tip of it. She moved the whip down to my legs and started hitting them.
      She made sure not to hit my ass with it. She hit almost every part of my
      body except my ass where the brands were. I felt like I was some sort of
      animal at a race the way I was being beaten. She stopped and walked away
      only after taking her hands and rubbing over the welt marks she had left
      on me.   
 My master walked up to me and checked the marks that were all
      over my body. He told the woman who beat me she did a real good job by
      not breaking the skin. Was I to be beat like this all the time? I knew
      I could stand all the fucking and sucking but why the beating. What have
      I done to deserve this?    
 My master asked me if I would like some more whiskey. I shook
      my head yes and he went over and picked up a bottle and gave me a drink.
      Was he trying to make me an alcoholic? I really didn't care. Maybe it will
      help me cope with this place. He gave me another drink and told me to swish
      it around in my mouth to help the gums to heal faster. I took a big drink
      and did as he told me to. It burned a little and then my mouth went numb.
      He was right. It did help.   
 My master told everyone to line up to get a close look at his
      slave. Everyone started to line up and as they walked by me, I had hands
      all over my body. There were about forty people at this party. As the last
      one pasted me, my master asked if anyone had any special request. One man
      asked if I could be tied over a table so he could fuck my ass. My master
      called in the workers and they took my hands down and led me to a table.
      My hands were again locked behind by back. My master came over and told
      me to lean over the table and leave my ass and pussy exposed for everyone.
      He told me he would not have me tied to the table but my hands will still
      be behind my back. I leaned over the table and rested my upper body on
      it. A man was now standing behind me getting ready to fuck me when my master
      told me to spread my legs wide and leave them that way. I spread my legs
      as far apart as I could and the man shoved his dick into my ass. He started
      to pump when I heard my master tell me I had better start pumping back
      or I will be punished. I started rocking my hips back and forth with the
      motion of his and we were now both wild into it. For me to do this without
      being tied was different to say the least. He fucked me hard and shot his
      cum deep in my ass. After he stepped back, a glass was put under my ass
      and the cum was starting to fill the glass.    
 Another man stepped up for his turn and he wanted to fuck my pussy.
      He didn't take long to get started. As the second man was fucking me, I
      again started to meat his motion with one of my own. He didn't last long.
      He shot his cum right after he got started. I almost wanted to laugh at
      him but I knew better. After each fuck, the glass was filled with their
      cum. By the time the last man had fucked me, there were five glasses full
      of cum for me to drink. I was taken back to the chain in the middle of
      the room and rechained to it. My master brought the glasses full of cum
      to me and put the first one to my lips and started feeding it to me. I
      had to drink all five glasses of cum. He smiled at me and said, "You will
      learn to love this cum and you will desire it all the time."   
 People started walking away from me as if I wasn't there. This
      didn't bother me any. I have had about all I could take for one day. I
      was left hanging from the chain about an hour when my master walked back
      to me and told me I have had a rest and it is time to get started again.
      The worker men took me off the chain and led me to this low table. I was
      spread-eagled to it with my hands and legs spread wide. One of the women
      walked over to me and took a can of whipped cream and sprayed it over my
      entire body. She took a bottle of cherries and placed them on my breasts
      and my pussy. She asked everyone if they wanted a snack. People started
      walking toward me and several men laughed and said it had been a long time
      since they have had a cherry. Everyone got down on their knees and started
      licking me all over. I have to admit, this felt good for a change. The
      woman that put the cream on me started licking my pussy. She stuck her
      tongue in me and started licking the inside of my pussy. The men were licking
      the rest of my body. I felt myself getting wet as this woman was licking
      me this way. I started to cum and she sucked me dry.   
 My master had been watching all of this and he walked to the end
      of the table and told the woman that made me cum that this is what his
      slave really liked. He dropped his pants and pointed to his large dick.
      The woman started laughing and said, "I know what you mean." My master
      crawled up on top of me and took his now very large and stiff dick and
      rammed it in my pussy as hard as he could. He pumped his dick in and out
      as fast as his ass would go. I heard him moan and felt the hot cum fill
      my pussy full. He got off of me and told his workers to take me to the
      washroom and get me cleaned up and ready for bed. This night was almost
      over.    
 The men released me from the table, locked my hands behind me
      and led me to the small room. My hands were attached to the chain and I
      was again raised toward the ceiling. They spread my legs apart and I started
      to piss. I was lowered back to the floor and one of the men took a hose
      and started spraying me down. He took a stiff brush filled with soap and
      scrubbed me hard. The only places he didn't put the stiff brush was my
      ass where I had been branded. He then rinsed me down with water and removed
      me from the chain. He relocked my hands behind my back and started to lead
      me upstairs when my master stopped him. He told him he had to piss. I knew
      what to do. I got down on my knees and let him stick his limp dick in it.
      As he was filling my mouth with piss, he said I did real well tonight and
      this is just the beginning. He finished pissing and I was raised back to
      my feet. My master told me I would now be able to get some sleep. He said
      he was finished with me for tonight. I was taken to my ring in the floor
      and chained to it. Everyone walked out and shut off the light and shut
      the door. I was left here to ponder everything that has happened to me.
      It didn't take long for me to fall asleep.   
 The next morning came to soon for me. As my master walked over
      to me, he reached down and removed the padlock from my chain. He grabbed
      me by the shoulder and helped me to stand up. My hands were still locked
      behind me and my master took the lock off and told me he will let me get
      the blood moving back in my arms. He told me if I did everything I was
      told to do today, my hands would be locked to my neck collar tonight. After
      about a minute of freedom, he relocked my hands behind my back and led
      me to the main floor.   
 My master told the worker men to take me to the pissing room and
      let me piss. I was quickly taken back to the little room and my hands were
      released only to be reattached to the chain in the ceiling. I was lifted
      off the floor as before and my legs were spread apart and told to start
      pissing. I did as I was told and then cleaned. I was let back down to the
      floor and my hands relocked behind my back again. I was taken to the big
      room where all the parties are held and told to sit down on the floor and
      wait for my master to get back. I don't know where he had been but I sat
      on the floor next to his chair for about fifteen minutes when he came in
      and sat down in his chair. He told me he had to piss and for me to take
      my position in front of him. Without him getting up, he took his pants
      down to his knees and I got up on my knees and leaned my mouth over to
      his dick and put it in my mouth. He started pissing and I managed to drink
      it all without spilling a drop. He smiled at me and told me to sit back
      down.   
 He told me that I would get most of the day today to relax and
      let my body heal. I was glad to hear that because my gums and ass were
      real sore from the teeth being pulled and the brands put on my ass. I thought
      of getting to lay back today on the floor and resting but I soon found
      out this was not my masters way for me to relax. He called two worker men
      to take me outside and chain me to the poles. They quickly took me outside
      to the main entrance of the house where I saw two large poles set about
      six feet apart in concrete. There were the rings set in the top and bottom
      of the poles and I knew where I would be placed. I was led to the poles
      and the worker men unlocked my arms from behind my back and relocked my
      hands to the rings on the top of the pole. They reached down and spread
      my legs apart and locked them to the rings at the bottom of the pole. I
      was now spread-eagled again as I have been done before. The only difference
      today was I was outside in the sunshine and I could hear the birds singing.
      The men went back inside the house and I was left there alone.   
 I hadn't seen anyone in about an hour when I heard someone walking
      towards me from behind the house. It was a gardener rolling a wheelbarrow
      full of dirt. He kept on walking as he passed by my right side without
      even looking at me. He went down this little path through some trees and
      I could hear him empty the dirt on the ground. I could hear him walking
      back towards me when he stopped and looked me right in the eyes. He told
      me he had heard about the new BITCH on the island and he said I was everything
      he expected. He walked right up to me and stopped about two feet from my
      face. He saw the tattoo above my pussy that said FUCK ME and he said "Don't
      mind if I do." He started taking his hands and rubbing them all over my
      body. He played with my breasts and started squeezing them. He saw the
      tattoos on my breasts and laughed and he started sucking on them. He stopped
      that and he lowered his right hand to my pussy and stuck two fingers inside
      me as far as he could get them. He took his other hand and started rubbing
      my clit with several fingers. I could feel my pussy starting to get wet
      as he kept rubbing my clit and pumping his fingers in and out. I was about
      ready to cum and he stopped. He could tell I was getting ready to cum and
      he told me the only proper way for a BITCH to cum was with a dick inside
      her. He dropped his pants and aimed his stiff dick at my pussy and shoved
      hard. He put his hands behind my back and was using it to help him shove
      harder. He was now fucking me with all he had when he told me to cum. He
      grabbed my lower back and started shoving my pussy to his dick and again
      he told me to cum. I felt my pussy tingle and I started to cum as he kept
      fucking me. I was cuming real hard as I could feel his dick throbbing deep
      inside my pussy as he moaned and started filling me up with his cum. Just
      as he was getting ready to pull his dick out, my master came outside and
      told him to leave it in me. A worker man holding a cup in his hand followed
      him out. I knew what the cup was for. The worker put the cup under my ass
      and my master told the gardener to now take his dick out. The cum from
      the rape was now filling up the cup. It was lifted to my mouth and I started
      drinking it without be told to.    
 The gardener told my master that I was one of the best fucks he
      has had in some time. I don't know if I was to be proud or what. My master
      told the gardener to get back to work and he left taking his wheelbarrow
      with him. My master told me the tattoos were the right touch and I should
      be proud of them. He said they are doing just what he wanted them to do.
      He told me the tattoos are an open invitation for anyone who wanted to
      fuck me can and will. He told the workers to turn me over and I thought
      it was so my back could get some sun. The workers unlocked me and one worker
      picked me up and the other worker took my feet and raised them to the top
      hooks and locked me spread-eagled upside down. They then locked my hands
      to the bottom hooks and stepped back and laughed. My master told me I will
      stay like this for thirty minutes and then I will be taken inside for breakfast.
      Here I was, spread-eagled upside down with the sun still shining on my
      front. My master and the workers went back inside the house and I could
      hear them laughing at me and saying that I will get used to all the different
      positions before the week was over.   
 I was left hanging upside down for about thirty minutes just like
      he said I would be when the workers came out and unlocked me. They again
      locked my hands behind my back and led me to the house. My master told
      me I could now have my breakfast and as I looked around the room, I saw
      there were six men sitting in chairs around the room. My master told me
      to get started eating. As I got up on my knees and started making my way
      to the first man, he was taking off his pants and I could see he already
      had a stiff dick waiting for me. He sat back down and I got right in front
      of him and I leaned over and put his dick in my mouth. He didn't move a
      muscle as I started sucking on his hard dick. My master told me to move
      my mouth up and down on his dick and that I should do all the work. I started
      moving my mouth up and down on his dick at a faster rate when the man I
      was sucking told me to take his entire dick into my throat. I let all my
      weight go down on his dick and I buried his dick in the bottom of my throat.
      I started moving my lips up and down again and I could tell he was about
      ready to cum. He shot his entire load of cum in my mouth at one time. I
      drank it and moved to the next man. I had five more men to give a blowjob
      to. Each man had his timing a little different than the last. The forth
      man didn't cum for at least ten minutes. The last two cum real fast. My
      master told me I still had one more dick to go. I knew it was his. I got
      into position in front of him and he told me that he was not going to move
      any and I had better take his entire dick in my mouth on the first stroke.
      I placed my mouth over his huge dick and let all my weight fall on his
      dick. I managed to bury all fifteen inches in my mouth on the first try.
      He took his hands and held my head down on his dick and told me to breath
      through my nose or I will suffocate. It didn't take me long to do just
      that. I relaxed my throat and started breathing through my nose. He held
      my head down for at least three minutes so I could get used to having his
      dick buried deep in my throat. He let go of my head and told me to finish
      blowing him and when I felt he was getting ready to cum, I was to take
      his dick in the back of my throat and he will cum down there. As I was
      sucking him, I felt his dick start to throb and I buried his entire dick
      in my throat and he started cuming. I could feel it as it ran down my throat.
      He pulled out and asked me if I was still hungry and I shook my head no.
      He told me I could lie down on the floor and rest for several hours.    
 I got to lie on the floor for several hours resting. I was hearing
      their conversations about a number of different subjects. Each man told
      my master he bought a very good slave this time. That raised the question
      in my mind, what happened to the other slaves? Did they die or were sold
      again to someone else. I guess that question would never be answered. If
      my master wanted me to know, he would tell me.   
 My master told me he had to piss and for me to get on my knees
      and come over to him. I did as he told me and I drank all his piss. The
      other men I had sucked also had to piss and I was told to relieve them
      also. After the last man had pissed in my mouth, my master told me I will
      get to go back outside and get some sun. I was dreading having to be put
      back in the position I was in that morning. The worker men took me outside
      and a laid a blanket on the ground in front of the poles I had been tied
      to and told me to lay on it. I did as they told me and they took my legs
      and locked them spread-eagled to the bottom of the pole and left my hands
      locked behind me. I was rather enjoying getting to lie out in the sun even
      though I had my legs spread apart and locked. The workers told me they
      would be back in about an hour to turn me over and they went back inside
      the house. I was hoping they didn't mean upside down..   
 As promised, after about an hour, the worker men returned back
      and unlocked my legs and told me to turn over on my stomach. I did as I
      was told and they relocked my legs to the poles and this time, they put
      some kind of salve on my brands on my ass. I was told this would help them
      to heal a lot faster in the sun. I was glad I wasn't hung upside down as
      before. One man told me they would be back in an hour to take me in to
      the pissing room to relieve myself. I was really enjoying the free time
      and the sun on my back. I closed my eyes and I fell asleep. The workers
      awakened me and they unlocked my legs and took me in the house to my pissing
      room. They again tied my hands above my head and raised me off the floor
      and they spread my legs apart and told me to piss. As much as I had drank
      today, I thought I never would stop pissing. They cleaned my pussy and
      lowered me back to the floor. I had my hands relocked behind me and I was
      led back to the main room. My master told me to sit down beside him on
      the floor and I did as I was told.    
 My master told me at the party tonight I would be playing a new
      game. He laughed and so did all the other men in the room. He didn't tell
      me what it was going to be. I knew I would find out tonight. He took a
      bottle of whiskey and put it at my mouth and told me to take a big drink.
      He kept the bottle pouring into my throat until I had drunk about half
      of the bottle. I knew I would be getting drunk in a few minutes and I really
      didn't care. The drinking was a little bit of a relief for my mind. He
      then told me to take another big drink and swish it around in my mouth
      to help my gums to heal from my teeth being pulled. He poured the rest
      of the bottle in my mouth and I swished it around for a few seconds and
      then he told me to swallow it. Again I did as I was told. My master told
      me to lie back on the floor and let the whiskey do its job. I laid back
      and I could feel my head starting to spin. I knew I was now drunk. I fell
      back asleep in just a few minutes.   
 I don't know how long a got to sleep but I was awakened by my
      master and he told me I was going to get to go outside again and get some
      exercise. A worker picked me up and started taking me outside when a fell
      to the floor. I was so drunk by this time, I could hardly stand up. He
      lifted me back up and another worker grabbed me by the other arm and helped
      me walk outside. As the sun hit me in the face, I started to get my bearings
      again. The workers walked me around to the backside of the house for the
      first time. There were a lot of small buildings and one very large barn
      back there. They took me beside the barn and I saw a horse walker about
      thirty feet from the side of the barn. This walker was one like my father
      used to have to walk his horses. It had a center pole with four arms coming
      off of it. The arms were about six feet off the ground. I was led over
      to one of the arms and they took the chain that was fastened to my neck
      collar and they locked it with a padlock to the arm. I then heard a motor
      start up and the horse walker started to move. I had no choice but to be
      led around in circles by this machine. I felt like I was a horse being
      exercised. I heard the men laughing at me as I was looking around at them
      each time I had completed one circle. At least the machine wasn't going
      very fast. I was starting to sober up real fast after about twenty times
      around. I almost fell and I heard a worker yell at me that if I did fall,
      he was going to let the walker drag me around by my neck. I knew he wasn't
      kidding so I watched my step from then on. I was left on the walker about
      an hour and then it stopped. The workers came and unlocked my chain and
      they led me back to the front of the house.   
 By this time, I was totally sober. They took me to the poles I
      had been locked to earlier and I was relocked in a standing spread-eagled
      position. One worker was dragging a garden hose over to me. I was getting
      ready for a bath. He started spraying me down just like a horse. He had
      a brush in his hand and he took the brush and started scrubbing me clean.
      He told me I have to be clean for the party and game tonight. After he
      finished scrubbing me, he took his right hand and stuck three fingers in
      my pussy and started pumping them like a dick. They unlocked me from the
      poles and relocked my hands behind me and led me into the house. My master
      saw me coming in and told me he had to piss and for me to get my ass over
      to him and drink his piss. I was led to him and I got down on my knees
      and he put his dick in my mouth and started pissing again. Two of his workers
      had to piss also so I had to take them too.    
 My master told me it was about time for my dinner. This time there
      were only four men including my master I had to suck dry. By this time,
      I was full of piss and cum and was ready for another break. One of my master's
      workers told my master that I was a good DICK HEAD. My master laughed and
      said that gave him a good idea. He told one of the workers to take me back
      to the small house and have another tattoo put on me. I didn't want another
      tattoo but the choice was not mine to make. My master told the worker to
      have a picture of his dick and balls tattooed on my baldhead. He told him
      to start with the dick at the top of my nose and follow it straight back
      over the top of my head with the balls at the back of my neck. He told
      him to have the colors to match the color of his dick. The worker led me
      back to the little house where I had been tattooed before and had me sit
      back in the chair and my body strapped in so I couldn't move and mess up
      the tattoo. The worker that had tattooed me before came in and asked me
      it I wanted another drink of whiskey before he started and I shook my head
      yes. I was given a big drink then my head was strapped down solid.    
 He waited for a few minutes so the whiskey would take affect and
      then he started. He started putting the head of the dick about an inch
      above my nose and followed it all the way back to the base of my neck with
      the balls. He stood back after he was finished to admire his work. The
      other workers told him it looked just like my masters dick and balls and
      he did a very good job. Now I knew I was a true DICK HEAD. How many more
      tattoos would be placed on my body? At this point, I really didn't care.
      I know I am nothing but a sex toy and I am no longer a real woman. I haven't
      seen myself in a mirror since I had been kidnapped. The man who put the
      tattoos on me asked me if I would like to see how pretty I looked and myself.
      I shook my head yes and he put a mirror in front of me and let me see what
      I really looked like. I wanted to cry but I can't shed tears. I am a freak
      show. He told me since I will never have any hair again, the tattoo will
      serve as my mane.    
 The workers took me out of the chair and led me back to the house
      and my master looked at my head and said that it was perfect. He thanked
      the worker who gave him the idea and told him if he had any more good ideas,
      let him know. That same worker told my master thank you and did tell him
      I would look good with some rings in my nipples. My master said he would
      order some that were two inches long and solid gold. He said that way;
      they will not infect my breasts. He picked up the phone and I heard him
      order the rings but he also ordered seven more than was needed for my nipples.
      I figured I was to be ringed on my pussy also. My master told me the rings
      will be here tomorrow and I will have one more night to live without them.
      He told me that the rings would be permanent.   
 My master told me I could lie down for another hour or so before
      the party and games will start. He gave me another drink of whiskey and
      I lay down on the floor at his feet. As I was lying there, he told me that
      tonight, I will never close my mouth completely. This is to show his guest
      that my mouth is now ready for any dick that wants to be put in it. He
      also told me that I can and will use my gums on dicks as I am ordered to.
      He also told me that if I would clamp down on any dick to inflect pain
      on it, I would have a clamp installed on my gums that will keep me from
      hurting anyone. He told me if the clamp has to be installed, it will be
      embedded in my jawbones and it will NEVER be removed. I knew he would do
      it so I will never bite down on a dick. He told me to get some rest again
      because I will need it for tonight.   
 I didn't fall asleep this time. I couldn't get over the image
      I saw in the mirror of me without hair or teeth and this big tattoo of
      a dick on my head. I was also trying to figure out what kind of game that
      I will play tonight. What kind of a sick game could it be? I was soon to
      find out.   
 My master and his workers were talking about some of the other
      slaves that were sold at the auction and how he was going to have to go
      back and buy a few more. He then told his workers that he was going to
      complain to the slave traders about my sister only being sold only to a
      woman. He was saying that he would like to own her too. He laughed and
      said if he could get his hands on her, he would have a matching pair of
      bookends. He told the workers that she was a real good fuck too. He said
      he was going to try to buy her from her new master if she would sell her.
      I didn't want Beth to have to be apart from me even though she was going
      to be a slave the rest of her life. I was hoping that we might be able
      to see each other again.    
 My master and his workers talked for about two hours when the
      doorbell rang. One of the workers opened the door and told my master his
      guest was here and the party was about to start. I was told not to move
      until my master told me to. I watched as over thirty men and ten women
      started walking into the main room. As I sat on the floor, people started
      picking up glasses and filling them with all kinds of different liquor.
      Someone turned on a tape player and the music started playing. Several
      people told my master the dick and balls tattooed on my head were a good
      touch. One of the women told my master he should have a pussy tattooed
      on my head also. He quickly told her there would be no pussy tattooed anywhere
      on me. He told her I have the only pussy on me that I need and that was
      between my legs. The woman laughed and told my master he was right. My
      master told the woman he didn't mind if I had a pussy in my mouth as long
      as it was a live pussy. She laughed again and said she can handle that
      part of it and she will be looking forward to putting her pussy in my mouth.    
 My master called two of his workers over to me and told them to
      take me to the pissing room and make sure she pisses real good because
      she will not have another chance until the party is over. The workers took
      me to the pissing room and repeated the process over again. I was brought
      back into the main room and I could tell the people were starting to get
      drunk pretty fast. I knew it was going to be a long and painful night for
      me. My master told everyone he had an announcement to make. He told everyone
      he had a new game that will be played tonight and he hoped they would like
      it. He said he was going to see how smart his new slave is and how good
      of a memory she has. He told them he was going to have a dick eating, pussy
      fucking, ass fucking and pussy eating contest tonight.    
 He told two workers to have me tied to the overhead chain with
      a spreader bar between my hands and feet. They quickly had me tied in the
      spread-eagled position in the center of the room. He told the workers to
      bring in the special equipment he ordered and be ready to put it on me.
      They came back in the room with a leather hood and ear plugs. He told everyone
      to listen real good to the rules of the game. He said that I would have
      earplugs put in my ears so I can't hear and a hood placed over my head
      so I can't see. He said that five men would be asked to fuck my pussy for
      two minutes each without cuming. He told me to pay close attention to each
      dick and to remember how it felt. He said that after the five are done
      fucking my pussy, each man will fuck it again but in a different order
      and this time, they will cum in my pussy. After each one is done cuming,
      I will hold up my fingers for what number the dick was that fucked me the
      first round of the game. I was to remember each dick by feeling only.    
 He asked me if I understood and I shook my head yes. He told me
      to count five fucks and as the second round starts, after each dick is
      finished, to hold up the number of fingers for the fuck. The workers then
      placed the earplugs in my ears and the leather hood over my head. I was
      now unable to either hear or see what was going to happen to me. I felt
      the first mans dick getting ready to plunge deep into my pussy. In one
      swift move, his dick was deep inside me. I was trying to feel how his dick
      felt and remember how he was fucking me. He pumped fast and deep for two
      minutes and he removed his dick. I now felt the second mans dick getting
      ready to fuck my pussy. He shoved it in hard and pumped fast also. I could
      feel the difference in his size of dick and his movement. He pulled out
      after two minutes. The third man took his place. His dick wasn't near as
      large as the first two men and he pumped slower. The forth mans dick was
      very large but it wasn't near as large as my masters dick. He pumped very
      fast. Even faster than any others. The fifth mans dick was very small.
      He pumped it in and out very slowly.    
 There was a break in the fucking for about five minutes. I guess
      it was to try and make me forget each fuck. It was now time for the second
      round. The first man who was fucking me was very small. He was taking his
      time as he plunged it and out. I knew he was number five. It took him about
      five minutes to fill my pussy full of his cum. After he pulled out, I held
      up five fingers. I then felt a cup under my pussy. They were saving it
      for me to drink later. The second mans dick plunged in very hard and fast.
      It wasn't the largest dick. He took about three minutes to cum inside of
      me. I held up two fingers. The cup was then under me again. The third mans
      dick was the largest and deepest. He took over ten minutes to cum. As he
      pulled out, I held up four fingers and the cup was placed under my pussy.
      The forth mans dick wasn't as large as the second or third man and he pumped
      slowly. After he cum in me, I held up three fingers and the cup was again
      placed under my pussy to catch his cum. The last man fucked me harder than
      any of the others and I knew he was number one. It took him over fifteen
      minutes to cum and he had more cum than any of the others. As he pulled
      out of my pussy and the cup was placed under me, I held up one finger.
      I felt the hood being taken off of my head and the earplugs removed. My
      master was standing right in front of me with a big smile on his face.
      Everyone in the crowd started clapping. My master told the crowd I got
      everyone of the fucks right. They started clapping even harder. After everyone
      stopped clapping, the cup full of cum was placed at my lips and it was
      being poured in my mouth. I drank every drop and even stuck my tongue out
      to lick the inside of the cup. My master leaned over and kissed me on each
      of my nipples. My master told the crowd he had a very smart slave and he
      really got his moneys worth on this one. For some sick reason, I felt proud
      that he was proud of me.   
 My master told the crowd he needed five more men to take the ass
      challenge. I knew what that was all about. I was getting ready to have
      my ass fucked ten times. The earplugs and hood was again placed on me and
      I was getting ready to get ass fucked. I felt the first man line his dick
      up with my ass hole. He shoved his dick in very slow but very deep. His
      dick was huge and it really hurt. I was wondering if it might be my master's
      dick. They sure felt about the same. He fucked my ass for two minutes and
      stopped. The second man shoved his dick in fast and hard. It was also a
      very large dick. He went for two minutes and stopped. The ass fucking continued
      until all five had fucked my ass. My ass was so sore, I couldn't tell one
      from the other by now. There was a short break and the ass fucking started
      all over. As each man shot his cum in my ass and it was saved, I would
      just take a wild guess and hold up a different number of fingers for each
      fuck. After all five had shot their cum, my hood was taken off and the
      ear plugs were removed. There was some clapping but not as much as before.
      My master told me I got three right and that's not bad for ass fucking.
      The cup was placed to my lips again and I again drank it all and even stuck
      my tongue back in to get the last drop. My master called for applause and
      they started clapping again.   
 My master told the workers to remove me from the spreader bars
      and lock my hands behind my back and take me to his chair. I was told to
      sit down on the floor beside my master and again I did as I was told. My
      master took his hand and started rubbing my breasts. My nipples were starting
      to get hard when he looked down at me and smiled. He said that is a good
      sign that I am a good slave. He rubbed them very gently and my pussy started
      to get wet. Was I really getting used to it? I must be. I was getting horny
      even after being pussy and ass fucked twenty times. My master offered me
      a drink of whiskey and I took a big gulp. He told the crowd the dick-sucking
      event was next. He asked for another five men to come over to his chair
      and get ready to have your dicks blown. He told them not to cum until the
      second round and if they thought that they were going to cum the first
      time, PULL OUT.    
 My master told the workers to place the earplugs and the half
      hood on me. They put in the earplugs and a different leather hood on me.
      It stopped at the bottom of my nose. This way, my mouth wasn't covered
      as before. It was a lot tighter on my head than the full hood. I still
      couldn't see anything. I remembered what my master told me about not closing
      my mouth all the way. I kept it opened at least two inches wide. The workers
      raised me up to my knees where my mouth would be even with the dicks I
      had to suck. It didn't take long for the first man to put the tip of his
      dick in between my lips. He grabbed the back of my head and buried his
      dick in the bottom of my throat. He held his dick in the back of my throat
      for two minutes without moving it. I could feel the size of his dick and
      where in was in my throat. He pulled out only to be replaced with another
      dick. Again the dick was rammed into to bottom and held there for two minutes.
      The third mans dick was pretty small and didn't go in near as far. Again
      it was held without movement and withdrawn. The forth and fifth mans dicks
      were very large and both were very thick. There was another short break
      and I was thinking to myself that this was going to be easy. Again I felt
      a dick getting ready to plunge in my mouth. It was shoved into my throat
      but this time, he started pumping it all the way in and almost all the
      way out. This was going to be harder than I thought. He pumped his massive
      dick for at least five minutes before he shot his hot and plentiful cum
      into my mouth. As he started to cum, he pulled his dick out almost to my
      lips and the cum was now pumping out on my tongue. I was getting to taste
      it. I held up two fingers behind my back.    
 The second man repeated the same process. It was all the way in
      and all the way out. He also shot his cum on my tongue. I swallowed it
      and held up one finger. The third man did as the ones before him. It was
      hard to tell each dick from the other. His dick was very large and thick.
      He was grabbing my head harder that the rest but as he started to cum,
      it shot out on my tongue again. I held up four fingers. The forth man was
      about the same size as the last but thicker. He took longer to cum than
      all the rest of the dicks I had sucked. I held up five fingers. The last
      mans dick was only stuck in my mouth about half way. I felt each mans balls
      on my chin as they fucked my mouth but the last mans balls never touched
      my chin. He shot more cum in my mouth that any of the others. It was hard
      to swallow it all but I did get every drop. I held up three fingers and
      the hood was removed. The earplugs were taken out and everyone was standing
      and clapping as hard as they could. My master stood up and told the crowd,
      and me I got everyone right. I was really proud this time. My master again
      leaned over and kissed each nipple and smiled at me. He took three of his
      fingers while I was still up on my knees and shoved them in my pussy and
      one finger in my ass. I wasn't expecting that to happen and I jumped a
      little. The crowd started clapping again. My master told me I did real
      well and I should be proud of myself. I shook my head yes to him and he
      leaned over and this time, he kissed my on the mouth. That was a shock
      to me.    
 My master told everyone to get some more drinks and get ready
      for the pussy-eating contest. I didn't know if I was going to have my pussy
      eaten or if I was going to have to eat the women's pussies that were at
      the party. It didn't take long for that answer. My master told the workers
      to tie me down to the floor with my legs spread apart with the spreader
      bar. They quickly had me tied to the floor with my legs wide apart. My
      master told me and the women that I will eat all ten pussies here and they
      will do a sixty-nine on me as I eat them out. I was beginning to wonder
      how this was going to work as a contest. My master told the women that
      after they were done with me, they will line up for a golden shower and
      I would watch each pussy as they piss on my face. I will be blindfolded
      and the earplugs would again be put on me for the pussy eating but not
      for the golden shower. I will have to try and remember how each pussy felt
      and identify it by how it looks as it is pissing on me.   
 One of the women asked if they could unlock my hands from behind
      my back and have my hands tied to a spreader pole like my legs were tied.
      He told the workers to bring in the other spreader bar and lock my hands
      to it and lock the bar over my head. They quickly did as they were told
      and they had my hands spread apart and this time, they had me stretched
      as far as my arms and legs would stretch. I thought my arms and legs were
      going to be pulled out of their sockets. They then put the earplugs and
      half hood back over my head and I was again without the benefit of sight
      or sound.    
 The first woman got into position over me and I now felt her pussy
      being forced at my mouth. Without hesitation I stuck my tongue in her wet
      pussy and started licking it. I found her clit and I took my tongue and
      started stroking it. As I was licking her clit, I could feel her starting
      to lick my clit. It really felt good as she stroked it. She stuck her tongue
      into my pussy and was pushing it in as far as she could. I started doing
      the same thing to her and I could feel her hips starting to move in an
      up and down motion. The faster I would eat her, the faster she would eat
      me. This went on for about ten minutes and I could tell by her pussy she
      was getting ready to cum. I could feel my own pussy starting to quiver
      as well. We both at the same time started to cum. As she was cuming, she
      reached down and started rubbing my breasts. This made me cum that much
      harder. I couldn't believe I was enjoying eating out another woman but
      I was.   
 After she finished, another woman replaced her. It was getting
      ready to start all over again. I was trying to concentrate on how her pussy
      felt but this was all new to me. We started doing the same as the first
      woman did. I could tell her pussy had been well used by how far her pussy
      lips were apart. I started sucking at her clit and she started biting at
      mine. It hurt at first but the longer she bit down, the better it felt.
      We eat each other for about five minutes when without notice, she started
      to shake and I knew she was getting ready to cum. Again as I felt her cuming,
      I to started too cum. I was really starting to like this feeling. When
      she was finished, the third woman took her place.    
 After I had finished eating all ten pussies, and I had cum at
      least seven times myself, the workers took the hood off and the earplugs
      out and I got to look around. All ten women were standing in line at my
      head getting ready to piss all over me. My master came over and told me
      after each woman was done pissing, I was to hold up the number of fingers
      of the woman that had eaten me out. The first woman stood over my open
      mouth and squatted down to about six inches from my mouth and started to
      piss. Most of the piss was hitting my mouth but it also got into my eyes.
      I thought I might be able to tell by looking at her pussy which number
      she had been but I now knew that was going to be impossible. I drank all
      the piss that went into my mouth and even licked my lips after she had
      finished. I was going to have to take a wild guess at this. I held up two
      fingers.   
 The second woman took her place but this time, she placed her
      pussy right in my open mouth. She started pissing as hard as she could
      and it was hard for me to swallow it all. I did manage to get it all down.
      I held up five fingers. The third woman stood over me without squatting
      down. She started pissing in my mouth and then she started walking down
      my entire body. She was soaking my entire body with her piss. After she
      stepped off, I held up all ten fingers. I was purely guessing now.   
 The forth woman wanted me to drink all her piss so she squatted
      right over my mouth and filled it full of her piss. Again I drank every
      drop that went in my mouth. I held up seven fingers this time. After all
      the women had finished pissing all over me and the guessing was over, my
      master walked over to me and told the crowd I had only got four out of
      ten right. I thought he was going to be mad at me but instead, he started
      laughing and told the crowd that his slave was truly a slave made for a
      mans dick. One woman I had eaten out told my master that I had cum more
      with a woman than I had with a man. He again laughed and said that it was
      not so. He told the crowd that he will prove it with a massive gangbang
      and that will prove his point.   
 He told the workers to hose me down while I was still on the floor
      and get me clean for the major fucking. The workers took a hose and washed
      me from head to toe. The spreader bars were unlocked from the floor and
      three workers lifted me up with the spreader bars still locked to my hands
      and feet and was taken back to the center of the room. The chain was reattached
      to the spreader bar that held my hands apart and I was lifted up where
      my feet barely touched the floor. He told the workers to take some Vaseline
      and spread it all over my pussy and ass. He told them to also make sure
      to put plenty inside my ass hole and my pussy. This really surprised me
      because every since I had been in slavery, every time I had been fucked,
      it was always a dry fuck. I knew the Vaseline would help my pussy and ass
      take the dicks in easier. They used almost a full jar on my pussy and ass
      and they did stick a lot deep inside me.   
 My master told everyone to have another stiff drink and the fun
      was about to begin. He also gave me a big drink and as he was pouring it
      down my throat, he whispered in my ear that I had better cum every time
      I was getting fucked. He also told me I had better move my hips to the
      movement of the dicks that was going to fuck me. It didn't take long for
      all the men to finish their drinks and start lining up to fuck me. As they
      were lining up, my master told everyone in his house to remove all their
      clothes and that we were going to have an old fashion orgy. Everyone did
      as he had asked them to do and now everyone including my master was totally
      naked. I didn't feel as bad knowing that I wasn't the only one without
      anything on. The first man walked right up to me with his stiff dick and
      rammed it in my pussy as hard as he could. It really felt good with the
      Vaseline in me. I started meeting his movements with my hips and we were
      now both deep into the fuck. It didn't take him long to cum inside me.
      I was feeling his hot cum filling my pussy and all of a sudden, I started
      cuming too. My master told the man not to pull his dick out yet. He told
      a worker to get a two-gallon bucket and put it under my pussy and ass.
      He placed it there and the man that just finished fucking me pulled his
      dick out and the cum fell into the bucket. Two more men walked over to
      me, one in front and one in back. I knew I was going to have my pussy and
      ass fucked at the same time. Both men shoved their dicks in me at the same
      time and I started moving my hips to met their movements. My master walked
      over and asked them to stop for just a minute. He told the man at my pussy
      to ram his dick in and hold it there. He them told the man at my ass to
      just stick the head of his dick it and not move at all. He said he wanted
      to watch me do all the moving. My master told me to start moving my hips
      back and forth and told the men not to move an inch. As I started moving
      my hips to the back, I was ramming the dick in my ass myself. Again as
      I moved my hips forward, I was ramming the dick into my pussy. I started
      moving as fast as I could as each man stood still. I was now doing all
      the fucking myself. I started moving my hip from side to side as I was
      ramming the dicks into me. This really felt good. I was now having a good
      time with all this fucking. I thought to myself that I had really become
      not only a good slave but also a good whore. I really didn't care anymore.
      If I was going to have to do this for the rest of my life, I had might
      as well like it. I was now fucking both men as hard as I could and I started
      to cum just as both men started filling my pussy and ass full of their
      cum. They both stepped back and the cum was now filling the bucket.   
 My master came over to me and told me he now knew that I was really
      enjoying this. He said he could see it all over my face. He told the crowd
      that he was going to be next and asked for a man with a dick almost as
      big as his to come up and take my ass as he was going to fuck my pussy.
      As both men were lining up, he told me I would do the same thing as I did
      with the last two men. He then rammed his huge dick into my pussy and the
      man at my ass barely stuck his dick into my ass. My master told me to fuck
      them both even harder that I had fucked the last two men. As I moved my
      ass back to ram the other dick in my ass is when I felt the size of the
      other dick. It completely filled my ass. I started moving back and forth
      like I had with the first two men but with the size of these dicks, my
      pussy was really starting to get wet. I loved getting fucked by two huge
      dicks at the same time. I moved as fast as I could and I could feel both
      dicks starting to swell even larger and I knew they were getting ready
      to fill me up with their cum. I started cuming real hard, as both were
      cuming in me. As both started cuming at the same time, my master told the
      other man to shove his entire dick in my ass and he would shove his dick
      all the way into my pussy. I now had two huge dicks pumping their hot cum
      into me as I was cuming even harder. This was great. I could hardly wait
      until the next two men were fucking me. I now had myself under control
      and was ready to really enjoy this.   
 I know I had been fucked at least forty or fifty times before
      I was removed from the spreader bars. Most of the men there had fucked
      me at least twice and some men four or five time each. I was taken down
      from the bars and had my hands relocked behind me and my master told me
      to sit on the floor beside his chair. I sat down and started watching what
      was going on around me. Everyone was drinking even more whiskey and there
      were men and woman fucking each other all over the room. This was a true
      orgy and I loved getting to watch it all. Several men came over to me and
      rubbed my breasts and some even leaned over and kissed me on the mouth.
      Also most of the men were now fully drunk and needing to piss real bad.
      I knew I was going to get to drink more piss tonight than I have ever drunk
      before. My master was the first. After I had drank at least twenty men's
      piss, my master told me I could now drink all the cum that was in the bucket
      that had been placed under me doing the gangbang. A worker brought it over
      to me and showed me the bucket was over half full. By this time I really
      had to piss myself and a raised up my right foot and stomped it on the
      floor three times. My master told me I will have to drink all the cum in
      the bucket before I will be taken to the pissing room. A worker took a
      coffee cup and dipped it into the cum and placed it at my mouth. I drank
      all of it and he dipped it into the bucket again. After he couldn't dip
      anymore, he lifted the bucket up and poured the cup full to the top and
      I finished drinking it. I had now drunk over a gallon of cum plus all that
      piss. I was about to piss down both legs.    
 My master told two workers to take me to the pissing room and
      let me relieve myself and to bring me back to the party again. I was then
      taken to the little room where I was lifted off the floor and they spread
      my legs apart again. As soon as they had my legs apart, I started pissing.
      I know I pissed at least a gallon before I stopped. They cleaned my pussy
      with a wet rag and let me back down to the floor. They again locked my
      hands behind my back and led me back to the main room. I saw everyone was
      still fucking each other as I was led over to my master. I sat back down
      beside him and he leaned over and grabbed both my breasts and started squeezing
      them at the same time. I looked up at him and smiled. He told me he could
      tell I was getting used to being a slave and I will be rewarded for that
      later. He didn't tell me how though. He asked me if I wanted some more
      whiskey and I shook my head yes. He raised the bottle to my lips and I
      took a big drink. I was getting used to all this whiskey. It was giving
      me a break from reality.    
 My master asked for everyone's attention. Everyone stopped what
      they were doing and looked in his direction. My master told everyone that
      he was going to let his slave chose five men to fuck. He told me I would
      have my hands unlocked from behind my back and relocked to my neck collar.
      A worker did as my master told him to do. I now had my hands locked to
      my neck collar and was told to pick out the five men I wanted to fuck.
      I really had a choice in the matter. I knew what was expected of me so
      I chose the five men with the biggest dicks in the crowd. These men walked
      over to me and my master told me to get started fucking them and do it
      with passion. The first man lie down on the floor and told me to get on
      top of him and start fucking him like a real bitch. I got up on my knees
      and crawled up on top of him and positioned myself over his huge stiff
      dick. He took a hold of his dick and guided it to the entrance of my pussy
      and I sat down on it. It was now deep inside of me and I started rising
      up and down on his dick with everything I had. He was raising his hips
      to meet mine and I started pumping real fast. I was in control and I loved
      it. My pussy started getting wet and I knew I wasn't going to last very
      long before I was to cum. His dick started swelling even more and I could
      feel his hot cum being pumped into my wet pussy. We were both deep into
      this fuck. After we were done, the cup was again placed under my pussy
      and my master told me to come out slow as not to let the cum fall on the
      man but to fall in the cup. I rose up slowly and it did as it was supposed
      to do. I filled the cup.    
 The next man wanted to be on top so I lay on my back and spread
      my legs apart. He fell on top of me and lined his dick up with my pussy
      and rammed it in deep. I was meeting his hip action as he fucked me hard.
      He told me as he was fucking me to take my hands and rub his chest and
      squeeze his nipples. I reached up as far as my hands would go and I started
      rubbing his hairy chest and started squeezing his nipples. As I was squeezing
      them, he shot his cum in me with great force as he completely buried his
      dick in me. After he finished and got off of me, a worker raised me up
      and I again filled the cup with his cum.    
 The third man wanted the same thing as the last one. I repeated
      the fucking on him and he cum after only a few minutes. I was again raised
      up to fill the cup. I only had two more to go. The forth man wanted me
      to be on top like I had fucked the first man. As I got up on top of him,
      he lined his dick up with my ass hole. I sat down on his hard dick until
      I had it buried deep in my ass. I started pumping on him and this time,
      I was squeezing my ass cheeks as I went down. This made it even tighter
      and this man started to moan as loud as he could. He shot his cum in my
      ass after only several minutes. I had learned a new trick to get them to
      cum even faster. I was proud of myself. I rose up off of him slowly so
      the worker could fill the cup up.    
 The last man I had chosen to fuck had the biggest dick of them
      all. He told me to do him the same way I did the last man and be sure to
      bury his entire dick in my ass. I got up over him and he lined his dick
      up with my ass hole and I dropped down on him as fast as I could. He moaned
      out loud and I didn't waste a second before I was pumping his dick deep
      into my ass as I was squeezing down hard on him. He lasted longer than
      I thought he would. I had to ass fuck him for at least ten minutes before
      he cum in my ass. I rose up and a new cup was placed under my ass because
      I had already filled the first one full. A worker helped me to my feet
      and my master told me to take a bow to the men I had just fucked. I did
      as he asked and everyone started clapping at me. I felt real proud by now
      and I bowed again. My master told me I could sit back down beside him and
      rest for a little while. He told me I did real well and he was extremely
      proud of me. I looked up at him and smiled. He reached down and gave me
      another kiss on my mouth. After the kiss, a worker brought the cups full
      of cum to me and I gladly drank them dry.    
 The party was about over when my master told the crowd he was
      sending me to bed for the night. As I was being led out of the main room,
      people were walking past me and rubbing their hands all over my body. I
      was taken to my master's bedroom and they locked my neck chain to the ring
      on the floor at the end of my master's bed. I was left there for about
      thirty minutes by myself when my master came in. He walked over to me and
      reached down and unlocked my chain and told me to stand up. I stood up
      in front of him and he told me I would get to sleep in his bed tonight
      with him. He told me to crawl in his bed and lay down with my head on the
      pillow. This was the first time I had been in a real bed since I had been
      in captivity. He got in the bed next to me and again kissed me on the lips.
      He told me this was my reward for doing so good tonight.   
 My master crawled down to my feet and told me to spread my legs
      apart. I did as he told me to and what happened next shocked me to death.
      He put his mouth on my pussy and started eating me out. He was licking
      my clit and sticking his tongue into my pussy. Could this really be happening
      to me? He was being nice to me. He started sucking my clit and I could
      again feel my pussy getting wet. Right before I was getting ready to cum,
      he stopped. He told me he wanted me to cum with his dick buried in me and
      for us both to cum at the same time. He got up on top of me and he buried
      his dick in me as far as it would go. He started pumping his dick and I
      started pumping my pussy to meet his movement. I was really ready to cum
      and he could tell I was. He told me not to cum until I could feel his dick
      starting to swell. We fucked each other for at least fifteen minutes and
      I could feel him getting bigger. He told me to start cuming. He was now
      shooting his hot cum into my pussy and I started to cum like he told me
      to. I could hardly believe I could cum on demand. This was great. He reached
      over to his nightstand and got a cup and told me to rise up and fill the
      cup with his cum. He had cum so much it almost half filled to cup. He handed
      me to cup and told me to drink it. I had just enough movement with my hands
      locked to my collar that I could get the cup to my lips. I gladly drank
      it and even licked the cup dry. He took the cup and put it back on the
      nightstand and told me I could go to sleep now beside him. As I was getting
      ready to lay my head down on the pillow, I looked over at him as he was
      lying there and I leaned over and I kissed him on his lips. He smiled and
      told me that was real nice but I should always remember that I was a slave
      and nothing more than an object he owned. I still didn't care. It didn't
      take me long to fall asleep.   
 I woke up the next morning and my master was not in bed with me.
      I looked around the room and he was just coming out of the bathroom with
      a washcloth wiping his face. He told me not to get up yet. He got back
      in bed and told me he had to piss. He crawled up over my head and told
      me to open my mouth. He stuck his limp dick in and started pissing. I drank
      it all and he got off of the bed. He told me to get up and get ready for
      breakfast. I knew what that was going to be. I got up as two workers came
      in and led me out of the bedroom and down the stairs to the main room.
      There sat the six men I had given a blowjob to yesterday morning. I was
      led to the first man and he was already for me. My hands were still locked
      to my neck collar and the worker told me as I was blowing him, I was to
      use my hands on his balls at the same time. I got down on my knees and
      leaned over and took his dick in my mouth and my hands started rubbing
      his balls. He cum right off the start. I started to move over to the next
      man when the first man told me to lick his dick dry. I leaned back over
      and started licking his dick like I would a Popsicle. I moved to the next
      man and repeated the same thing. I gave them all a blowjob and cleaned
      their dicks with my tongue. My master told me I will get to spend the rest
      of the day locked in the small building out back. He told me I would be
      locked in a spread-eagled position and left that way all day.   
 Two workers took me to the small building and told me to lie down
      on the floor. They brought over two spreader bars and locked my hands and
      feet to them and then locked the bars to the floor. I was now laying on
      the floor completely spread-eagled ready for anyone that wanted to fuck
      me. One worker told me I will be left alone all day except when they had
      to piss in which time they will piss in my mouth. I thought what else is
      new. I had had a good night sleep and I was ready for anything. They walked
      out of the building and shut the door. Was I really to be left alone all
      day? It had been several hours before I heard the door open. It was my
      master. He walked over to me and told me to open my mouth. He had to piss.
      He got down on his knees and took his dick out and stuck it in my mouth.
      He pissed more this morning than I had ever seen him piss before. After
      I finished drinking it, he told me if I had to piss, just go ahead and
      piss. He said, "You are the one who will have to lay in it all day." He
      started laughing as he looked at me and told me not to take what happened
      last night as any kind of softness on his part. He reached over to the
      wall and took down a horsewhip and told me to get ready to have my breasts
      whipped. With that being said, he started whipping my breasts with the
      whip as hard as he could. I wanted to scream out but I couldn't make a
      sound. He hit me at least twenty times before he stopped. He reached down
      and rubbed my breasts with his hands and told me this was not a punishment
      for anything. He said he just felt like doing it. He laughed again and
      left the building and shut the door.    
 I was now laying there trying to figure out what just happened
      and why. The only thing I could come up with was he was telling me he is
      the master and he will do what ever he wants to do to me. I know I am not
      a human being to him and I really don't care. I am nothing more than a
      bitch and slave. This is the fact. I got to rest from the whipping another
      several hours before one of the workers walked in. He didn't say a word.
      He just dropped his pants and fell down on top of me and stuck his dick
      in my pussy. I didn't move at all. After he shot his cum in me, he brought
      his now limp dick to my mouth and stuck it in and started pissing. As he
      was walking out, he stopped and looked back at me and called be a DICK
      HEAD and laughed. He left and shut the door.   
 I had now been lying on the floor for a long time and I really
      had to piss. I knew I would not be let go for the rest of the day so I
      just started pissing. I could feel my warm piss running between my legs
      and under my ass. Why should I care? I am nothing anyway. I got thinking
      about not having to shit anymore. All I have had has been cum and piss.
      Will this truly be the only thing I will ever have besides the whiskey
      I get to drink? My master told me I had better get used to it. I know now
      he was not going to let me have anything to eat besides cum and piss. The
      longer I lay there, the more I knew I had lost all self-respect. The only
      thing I had to look forward to the rest of my life was the hope that my
      master would be able to buy Beth as his slave too. At least we would be
      together again. I wasn't going to get my hopes up though. All I could remember
      as the woman was taking Beth out from the slave traders auction house was
      that Beth would always be a pussy eater.   
 I had been in this building almost all day without getting to
      move. My arms and legs were now asleep and I couldn't feel them at all.
      I heard the door open and two workers walked in and took the spreader bars
      off my arms and legs. They locked my hands behind my back again and took
      my collar chain and started leading me out the door. The sun was just getting
      ready to set. I knew I had been in there all day just as my master told
      me I would be. I was taken into the house straight to the pissing room
      and they again lifted me off the floor and spread my legs apart. They told
      me to piss and I did. They took a hose this time and sprayed me down with
      very cold water. As the water was hitting my breasts, I could feel them
      stinging from the horsewhip I had been beaten with. One worker took a stiff
      brush and started scrubbing me as hard as he could. This really hurt my
      breasts even more. He walked behind me and took his finger and started
      following the brands on my ass cheeks. He told the other worker that they
      were looking good and they were healing right. He walked back around to
      the front of me and said I was a branded BITCH and SLAVE. He looked at
      my tattoos and told the other worker I was asking to be fucked. The other
      worker said "Well, she does have FUCK ME on her pussy and SUCK ME on her
      breasts." They raised me up even higher off the floor and one of them walked
      up to me and dropped his pants and started fucking my pussy. While he was
      fucking me, the other worker started sucking my breasts. That really made
      them hurt even more. They both fucked me and then cleaned my pussy again.
      This time, their cum was laying on the floor between my legs. They lowered
      me to the floor and relocked my hands behind my back and lead me to the
      main room.   
 My master was sitting in his chair and he told them to bring me
      over to him. Master told me to sit down on the floor beside him. I did
      as he asked. He told me that for the next week, I would have to start some
      serious slave training. He told me I would have to start walking on the
      horse walker at least six hours a day. He said he wanted me to be in shape
      for a race he was going to enter me in. I started thinking What Race? He
      told me I would be entered in a BITCH race next week. He said the race
      will be held on the main land and I will be racing against twenty-five
      other bitches. He told me if I lost the race, I would be punished like
      never before. He told me he was going to bet One Hundred Thousand Dollars
      on me to win. If I didn't win, I will be real sorry.    
 My master told me the gold rings he ordered yesterday will be
      in tomorrow and I will have them pierced in my nipples. He told me I would
      also have one pierced in my nose and each one of my pussy lips. I was also
      told I will have one put on each ear lobe. He said they will be placed
      on and melted together so they will never be removed again. He said the
      rings will be hooked to the horse walker so if I didn't keep up with the
      speed, I will be pulled around by the rings. He also told me I will have
      to get used to being beat with a horsewhip because I am nothing more than
      a bitch. I was wondering what brought all this on? Have I done something
      to deserve it?    
 Master told me I would have several more tattoos put on different
      parts of my body. He told a worker to start thinking up some ideas for
      the tattoos. He said he wanted me covered with them. I was to be tattooed
      even more than I am now. I know these will be on me for the rest of my
      life no matter what happens. One of the workers said a huge tattoo of a
      daisy would be nice on my back. Master said that was good but instead of
      it having daisy peddles on it, have dicks replace them. The worker asked
      how big should it be and master told him to have it cover my entire back
      with at least twenty dicks coming off of the center with a set of balls
      at the base of each dick. The worker said he could do that.    
 Master also said to have another tattoo of his dick and balls
      put on my stomach with the head of his dick starting right in between my
      breasts. He told him to have about nine inch dicks complete with balls
      placed on my arms and legs. The worker asked how many he wanted on me and
      master said at least three dicks on each arm and at least six on each leg.
      Also put the word SLAVE on each foot and hand in bright red. Master said
      that would be enough for now until he can get some more ideas. He told
      the workers he wanted my entire body covered when it was all over. They
      agreed with him and said they will start tomorrow morning. Master told
      them I will be to sore after the rings are installed and he said he had
      called off the party for tonight so go ahead and do it now.   
 It was already dark outside when the workers lead me out to the
      little house where I had been tattooed before. I was put on a table and
      had my arms and legs spread wide and secured tight. They also strapped
      my head down to the table so I couldn't move at all. A big light was placed
      over me where the worker could have plenty of light. The worker told me
      that I had better not even flinch a muscle while he was tattooing me. He
      took out his little tattooing machine and filled it up with ink. He took
      a little marker and drew the outline of the dick and balls on my stomach.
      He started right in between my breasts and it went all the way down to
      the tattoo of FUCK ME right above my pussy.    
 I could hear the machine start and I felt it piercing me right
      between my breasts. It took him over an hour to do the first tattoo. One
      of the other workers told him it looks just like my masters dick and balls
      and he thought it looked even better than the one on my head. He thanked
      him and told him he will get started on my right arm next. He drew two
      dicks on my upper arm and two on my lower arm. He looked down at me and
      said I was lucky that I could get an extra dick on each arm and laughed.
      It didn't take him long to do those. He now was drawing the dicks on my
      left arm being careful to match the ones on my right arm. Again it didn't
      take him long to complete the tattooing. He moved down to my left leg and
      started drawing again. He managed to get four dicks and four sets of balls
      on the front of my leg. It took him about an hour to do these tattoos.
      He moved over to my right leg and repeated the same tattoos there. He told
      the other worker to get the other gun and load the red ink so he could
      do my hands and feet before they turned me over.   
 It didn't take him over twenty minutes to have the word SLAVE
      tattooed on my hands and feet. They took the straps off of me and turned
      me over and restrapped me on my stomach. I was surprised the fresh tattooed
      on my front side didn't hurt that much even though I was laying on them.
      He drew three more dicks on the back of each leg and quickly installed
      the tattoos. He said again I was lucky to get an extra dick on each leg.
      He took his time drawing the big one on my back. I could feel that it was
      to cover most of my back. The other worker asked if he could draw a big
      dick for the stem of the dick flower. He told him that was a good idea
      and he drew it also. I could feel that the dick stem went all the way down
      to the crack of my ass.    
 He started with the gun and it really hurt when he was over my
      shoulder blades and right at the crack of my ass. It took him over two
      hours to do this one. I thought I was done when one worker was getting
      ready to unstrap my legs when he said he had a good idea as he looked at
      my feet. The other worker asked what it was. He told him to tattoo FUCK
      on the bottom of my left foot and ME on the bottom of my right foot. The
      other worker said that was a great idea because when I am lying on my stomach,
      my feet will be showing and saying FUCK ME as I lay there. He got his red
      gun back out and had these on the bottom of my feet in just a few minutes.
      They took the straps off of me and helped me to stand up. The ones on my
      feet really hurt as I had my weight on them.   
 I was lead back into the house and my master was sitting in his
      chair drinking some whiskey. He looked at me and started laughing real
      hard. He said I am truly a BIG DICK. One worker told him to have my lay
      down on my stomach with my feet at my master's chair. Master told me to
      lie down and when he saw the FUCK ME on the bottom of my feet, he laughed
      even harder. He told me to turn over because I had asked him to fuck me.
      I turned back over on my back and spread my legs as master took off his
      pants and got on top of me. His dick was real hard by this time. He lined
      it up and drove it in my pussy as hard as he could. He was drunk by this
      time and he was even harder on me that usual. He was fucking me so hard
      that I felt like my pussy was going to rip apart. He shot his cum deep
      into me and got off of me. I could feel his cum running down the crack
      of my ass. A worker went to get a cup when master told him don't bother
      this time. Master told the five workers that were in the room to fuck me
      and take me in and get me cleaned up. Before the workers started fucking
      me, my master told them he was going to bed and after I was clean to put
      the spreader bars on me and lock them to the floor in the main room for
      tonight. My master left the room and the workers started fucking me one
      at a time. It seemed like each one fucked me at least thirty minutes each.
      I had more cum running in the crack of my ass than ever before. After they
      were finished fucking me, they took me to the pissing room and told me
      to piss and I would get another bath.    
 After I was clean, they brought me back in the main room and placed
      the spreader bars between my legs and hands and padlocked them to the rings
      in the floor. They left the room and turned off the light and said good
      night BITCH. Get some sleep because you will need it tomorrow when you
      get the gold rings put in your breasts and pussy lips. Also don't forget
      the one in your nose and your ears. They laughed and left me in the dark.
      I fell asleep rather fast.   
 Morning came to fast for me. I was awakened by one of the workers
      and told my master would be down in a few minutes. He came down the stairs
      wearing a red robe that wasn't fastened by the belt. It was showing his
      dick as he was walking over to me. He told me he had to piss and he stepped
      over my mouth and lowered his dick He pissed and I drank. He told his workers
      the rings should be here this morning and he wanted them inserted as soon
      as they arrived. He didn't say a word to me this time. Three other workers
      walked over and told me they had to piss. One by one, they filled my mouth
      with their piss. Master told the workers to take me to the pissing room
      and let me relieve myself. He turns around and walked out of the room.   
 Two workers unlocked me from the spreader bars and locked my hands
      behind me and led me to the pissing room by my leash. I was relocked to
      the chain in the ceiling and raised off the floor. They spread my legs
      apart and told me to piss. I did as I was told. They cleaned me with a
      washcloth and I thought they were going to lower me back to the floor as
      they have always done before. One of the workers was getting ready to let
      me down when another worker told him to stop. I thought they were going
      to fuck me but I saw one worker reach over and get a horsewhip off the
      floor. He walked over to me and told me I was to be beaten this morning.
      He stepped back about six feet from me and took the whip and started hitting
      me all over my body. He walked behind me and took the whip and started
      beating my back and my ass real hard. He was even hitting my brands on
      my ass. He beat me for over ten minutes and stopped. He picked up the garden
      hose and started spraying me with the cold water. It was almost as bad
      as the beating. I was lowered back to the floor and they relocked my hands
      behind me and lead me back to the main room. What was going on? Have I
      pissed off my master? What have I done to deserve this treatment?   
 Master was sitting in his chair when I was brought back in. Master
      told the workers to bring me to him. I was told to sit on the floor beside
      him. I sat down and my master looked down at me and told me I will be beaten
      like this a lot more. He said he thought I was starting to like him too
      much and this will not happen. He told me I am nothing to him and I had
      better get used to the idea that I am nothing but a bitch and slave. I
      looked up at him and he for no reason took his hand and slapped my across
      my face real hard. He told one worker to bring in some chains and he will
      tell him how he wants me chained. The worker came back with several small
      chains and master told him to lay me down next to a hook in the floor.
      I was laid down on my stomach and I heard my master tell the worker to
      lock my ankle collars together. He took a padlock and locked them as he
      was told. Master told him to attach one short chain to my feet. Next he
      was told to raise my legs up behind me and fasten the chain to my wrist
      collars. As he was doing it, master told him he wanted my legs to be stretched
      up as far as they would go. He pulled my legs up so far behind me I thought
      it was going to break my back. The chain was attached to my hands to the
      point I felt like a pretzel. Master told the worker to lock my neck leash
      to the hook in the floor. He told me I would be left this way until the
      rings are delivered this morning.    
 I was hoping the rings would be here soon. I know I will be in
      a lot of pain having them put on me but I was in more pain chained like
      this. My back was killing me after about on hour chained like this. My
      stomach and titties were hurting like hell lying on the floor after being
      beaten with the horsewhip. Master didn't say another word as he sat in
      his chair looking at my bent body. I heard the doorbell ring and a worker
      answered it. It was the rings being delivered. Master told the workers
      to release me and take my to the little building. They quickly took the
      chains and the padlock off my ankles and stood me up. I could hardly stand
      up straight after my back hurting like it was. My master walked over to
      me and grabbed my nipples and started squeezing them real hard. He told
      me to stand up straight and act like a proper slave. I stood up as straight
      as I could and he let go of my nipples. Two workers lead me outside to
      the little building.    
 After we got inside, I saw my master walk in. He told the workers
      to tie me up on the X rack. I was taken to the rack and they locked my
      hands to the top of the X. They spread my legs apart and locked them to
      the bottom of the X. I was now spread-eagled without my feet touching the
      floor. Master walked up to me and started pinching my nipples hard. They
      started getting hard and sticking out straight. I watched as a worker came
      over to me and he had two gold rings in his hand. They were spread apart
      so they could be inserted in my nipples. He had a large looking nail in
      his hand that was razor sharp on the tip. He grabbed my right nipple in
      his fingers and pulled it out as far as he could. He took the nail and
      stuck it straight through my nipple. I wanted to scream but I couldn't.
      He moved the nail back and forth to make the hole big enough to put the
      ring in. He removed the nail and took the ring and inserted it the hole
      that was left by the nail. He took a pair of pliers and closed the ring
      shut.    
 He did the same thing to my left nipple. This hurt more than I
      thought it would. After he was done with both nipples, he pulled up a chair
      and sat down in front of me. He grabbed my right pussy lip and stuck the
      nail through it. He put the ring in it and closed it shut. He did the same
      thing to my left pussy lip. What happened next scared me to death. Master
      told him to put the next ring through my clit. The worker grabbed my clit
      and stretched it out as far as he could and he stuck the nail in the top
      of my clit. This one hurt the worst. He inserted the ring in it and closed
      it. He stood up and moved the chair and brought the nail up to my nose.
      He took his finger and raised the end of my nose up as far as he could
      get and he stuck the nail through the skin that is in the center between
      my nostrils. He quickly inserted the ring in it and closed it shut. My
      ears were next. I had pierce ears anyway so he just made the holes a lot
      larger. He put the rings in each ear and closed them.   
 I thought he was finished when master handed him two more rings
      and told him to put them in each eyebrow. He stuck the nail in the outside
      corner of my right eyebrow and replaced it with the ring. He quickly did
      the left side the same. I now had ten rings inserted in my body. Again
      I thought he was finished when I saw him coming back to me with a small
      torch. He took the torch and put it on the ring in my left nipple. He was
      melting it shut so it could not be removed. The heat from the gold ring
      was burning my nipple. He saw the pain on my face and he told me the heat
      from the ring would seal the ring to my nipple. He started with the right
      nipple and didn't stop until he had melted all ten rings together.    
 My master came to inspect his work and said I now had the proper
      equipment installed to be hooked up to the horse walker. After the gold
      had cooled, master brought a small stool over to the X rack and stood up
      on it. I knew he was getting ready to fuck me. He wasted no time until
      he had his robe off and his dick stuck in my pussy. I could feel the pussy
      rings move as he was pumping in and out of me. He grabbed the nipple rings
      and started pulling them out and stretching my nipples as far as they would
      go as he was still fucking me. He looked at me and said the rings will
      bring me pleasure. I could feel his dick starting to swell even more and
      he shot his cum in me as he buried his dick even deeper. A worker grabbed
      a cup and put it under my pussy as my master took his dick out. It dropped
      in the cup and the cup was placed at my lips. I drank it and he asked me
      if I was hungry. I know if I shook my head no, I would be beaten again
      so I shook my head yes. I was in so much pain from all the piercing I really
      didn't care if I ate or not.   
 I was taken off the X rack and had my hands locked behind me again.
      I was told to get down on my knees and get ready for breakfast. My master
      told a worker to bring in all the workers on the island because I will
      need as much energy as I can get today for the walker. I got on my knees
      and gave the two workers there a blow job and drank all their cum. As I
      finished with the second worker, I saw eight more men walking in. Each
      man stuck his hard dick in my mouth and I sucked him dry. Three workers
      also had to take a piss plus my master. I was full now. One worker came
      over to me and had several pills in his hand and told me to take them.
      He told me they are vitamins. He put them in my mouth and I tried to swallow
      them but I couldn't without something to drink. The worker saw my problem
      and he stuck his dick in my mouth and started pissing. I could then get
      them down.    
 My master was getting ready to leave when he told one worker to
      get the chains ready and put them in all my gold rings. He told the worker
      to adjust them so no one chain will pull anymore than the rest. He walked
      out of the room. A worker told me to stand up and not move at all. He started
      installing these chains into each ring I had on my body. He let the chains
      hang loose until he had the last one on. The extra weight of these chains
      on the rings made the rings hurt even more. He carefully started hooking
      the chains out in front so they would form a leash. He told me after he
      had the last chain hooked together, he was going to pull on the lead chain
      and he wanted me to let him know if one chain was pulling more than another.
      All ten chains were hooked together into one lead chain. He started pulling
      on it and told me if one was tighter than the other to blink my eyes. He
      started pulling on it and the ring in my clit and my left pussy lip was
      pulling harder that the rest. I started blinking my eyes and he stopped.
      He told me he was going to point to each ring and when he got to the right
      ones, blink my eyes again. He started with my nipple rings and then my
      pussy rings. When he pointed at the clit ring, I blinked. He also pointed
      at the pussy lip ring that was hurting and I again blinked. He made the
      proper adjustment and tried it again. This time, each ring was pulling
      at the same rate. He took my neck leash and put it under my right arm and
      locked it to my hands behind me. He told me he didn't want it to get in
      the way of the training chains. What did he mean by this? I will soon find
      out.   
 He grabbed the new lead chain and led my out to the horse walker.
      He attached it to one of the arms and told me I will have to walk for two
      hours straight and I will get a ten-minute break and fed then again for
      two more hours and a ten-minute break and fed again. After the last two
      hours, I will be taken to the main house for supper and bath and readied
      for the night's party. He told me if I had to piss to do it while I am
      walking. Not while I am on a break. He told me each day the speed will
      be increased until I can run as fast as the machine will run. With this,
      he stepped over to the switch and turns it on. I saw it starting to move
      and I started walking. The new rings were hurting from the pulling on them
      so I was going to have to try and keep some slack in it so it won't hurt
      as bad. I was not used to walking this much and when I would slow down,
      the chains on my rings would pull my breasts, pussy, and head and hurt
      even more. I told myself I would have to walk with the pace of the walker.    
 I had been walking for at least an hour and I had to piss real
      badly. I remembered what I was told to do so I tried to piss and walk at
      the same time. It took me ten minutes to let the piss start to flow. I
      could feel it as it was running down my legs to the ground. This was hard
      to do. The worst part about it was I was going to have to walk through
      my own piss on the ground as I came back around. Once I started, I didn't
      think I was going to stop. I walked all away around the circle and was
      still pissing. I could feel it on the ground, as I had to step in it.    
 At the end of the first two hours, the worker came back and turned
      the machine off and walked out to get me. He led me to the edge of the
      barn where I saw four men standing with their pants around their ankles.
      I knew it was lunchtime. I got down on my knees and struck the first dick
      in my mouth and started giving him a blowjob. I was really hungry after
      walking so long so I was really hoping they had a lot of cum for me. The
      first man had a lot to offer. I gladly drank it all. I started on the second
      man when one worker told me I only have seven more minutes so I had better
      eat fast. I wanted as much cum as I could get so I started pumping his
      dick with everything I had. It worked. He cum in my mouth after only a
      minute or so. I quickly moved to the third man and I buried his dick in
      the bottom of my throat. I was sucking as hard as I could and he wasn't
      responding. I started moving up and down on his dick using my gums as fast
      as I could. That did the trick. He shot a thick wad of cum in my mouth
      and I quickly drank it and moved to the last man. I still had almost four
      minutes left before I had to start walking again. The last man had a huge
      dick and he told me he could cum faster if I would just bury his dick in
      the back of my throat and only pull out a few inches and bury it again.
      I opened my mouth and stuck his dick in and I forced the whole thing in
      in one move. I started pumping like he told me to and each time I would
      take it all the way down, I could feel him starting to swell. I took several
      more pumps and I buried it deep and I could feel him cuming in my throat.
      I had time to let two of the men piss in my mouth and I wanted everything
      I could get for food.   
 I was taken back to the machine and it was turned on again. I
      started walking and I could tell it was going just a little bit faster
      than before. I knew he had turned it up. I had no choice but to keep up
      with it. The next two hours went by very slow. I saw the worker walking
      towards the machine and I had to piss real badly. I know he told me only
      to piss while I was walking so I started to piss as fast as I could before
      he turned it off for my last break. I got to walk around two more times
      before he shut it off and that gave me enough time to finish pissing.    
 I was again brought back to the barn and I saw three men plus
      my master standing there ready for me to blow them. I was taken to my master
      first. I know sometimes it takes him a little while to cum so I had better
      be fast and good. I got down on my knees and took his entire dick in my
      mouth. I took my gums and gently started rubbing his shaft, as I would
      take it in and out. I could hear him moan and I knew he was getting ready
      to cum. I buried his fifteen inches in my throat and he shot his cum as
      soon as he was deep in me. It took almost four minutes to get him off but
      it was worth it. He always has a lot of cum to offer me. I moved to the
      next man and I noticed it was the gardener that had fucked me the other
      morning. This was the first time I had seen him since then I was hoping
      he was horny and would cum at lot. I hoped right. It didn't take him over
      a minute to shot his cum on my tongue. He had more cum than my master did
      this time. I was glad of that. I got to drink the other two men's cum before
      I was lead back to walk the last two hours.   
 I was hooked back up to the machine and it started moving a little
      faster again. It wasn't that much faster but I could tell it was a little
      faster. As I was walking around the second time, I saw my master walking
      to me with a riding crop in his hand. He was walking right beside me and
      he told me he was going to beat my ass as I was walking. He wanted to see
      me piss as he was beating me and as soon as he started hitting my ass,
      I started to piss down my legs. He was still beating me and he was laughing
      at the same time. He started hitting me even harder and I lost a step.
      The machine started pulling on my rings and I quickly caught back up. He
      hit my ass a few more times and walked away. I was left out here by myself
      to endure this. I now had to walk through all the piss I had pissed and
      it was starting to feel like mud on my feet. It didn't matter. I had to
      keep walking. Right before the last two hours were up, the worker came
      back out and told me I had better piss all I can before he turns off the
      machine because I will be beat if I have to piss while I am getting my
      bath. I started pissing again and walking and pissing and walking until
      I was empty. He saw I had finished pissing so he turned the machine off
      and came out and took the chain off the machine.    
 He took the chain in his hand and led me back to the little house
      were I had been pierced with all these rings. The worker told me to stand
      still as he took the chains off of the rings. He put the chains on a hook
      in the wall and walked behind me and unlocked my leash from my hands. He
      let it fall between my breasts and told me he was going to check all the
      new rings for any problems. He carefully took each ring and raised it up
      to see if they were ripping the new holes they had been inserted in. He
      told me they all looked all right and he grabbed my leash and started walking
      me to the front of the house. I was taken inside to the pissing room and
      was locked to the overhead chain again. I was not raised off the floor
      this time. Another worker came in and took the hose and started washing
      me. As he got to my pussy, he told me to spread my legs and not move. He
      took the hose and put the end of it into my pussy and turned the water
      back on. I could feel the water filling my pussy and it started running
      out. He left the water running for several minutes and took it out. He
      then stuck it in my ass and repeated the process again.    
 I was removed from the chain and taken to the main room where
      my master was sitting. I was told to sit down next to him on the floor.
      My master told me there would only be a short party tonight and I will
      get more rest tonight. He also told me the race he entered me in would
      be in three weeks instead of next week. It will have to be held overseas
      instead of the mainland. This will give you more time to train for the
      race. He said he was going to double his bet on me to come in first place.
      He told me I would have a trainer coming in tomorrow to do all my training
      with. He said this man would put me through hell to get me in shape to
      win. He has trained several other winners and will make one out of you
      also. You will still have to go to parties and still have to fuck anyone
      that wants to fuck you but you will get more rest than before. He told
      me to enjoy the party tonight because starting tomorrow; you will be expected
      to be in good form for your new trainer.   
 One of the workers walked over to me and had another hand full
      of pills for me to take. He put them in my mouth and my master stood up
      and dropped his pants and put his limp dick in and started pissing. He
      told me to swallow the pills. He told me to open my mouth and he checked
      to make sure I had swallowed them. He said I would start feeling more energy
      from now on. He didn't tell me what they were and I didn't care. He told
      me I could rest for the next hour or so until the party starts.    
 I lie down on the floor and fell asleep after all the walking
      I have done today. I heard people talking and I looked up and there were
      over fifty people, both men and women. My master told me to sit up and
      get ready for the fun. Everyone started to fill their glasses with whiskey
      and I heard the music start playing. Master called a man over to him that
      I had never seen before. He asked him what he thought of his new bitch.
      The man reached down and took both of my nipple rings in his fingers and
      started pulling them toward him. He had my breasts stretched almost straight
      out before he let go of them. This really hurt after all I have been through
      today. He told my master the tattoos were a real good touch and he asked
      him if he could fuck me. My master told him to do what he wants to do to
      me and he will just sit back and watch the fun. The man told me to get
      on my knees and bend over with my head touching the floor. After I was
      in the position he wanted me in, I felt him slapping my ass with his hands.
      He told my master he liked his bitchs to be warmed up before he fucked
      them. Master laughed and the man stopped. I could feel his dick lining
      up with my pussy and a fast and hard shove in as deep as he could shove
      it. This man fucked me for over ten minutes before he filled my pussy with
      his hot cum. A worker placed the cup under my pussy as the man pulled out.
      I could hear it splashing in the cup. He told my master I was a good fuck
      and thanked him. Master told him not to thank him and he could fuck me
      anytime he wanted to.    
 Master told one of the workers to bring in the equipment and set
      it in the middle of the floor. I watched him bring in some chains and a
      spreader bar and the large leather hood. He also had a metal dildo in his
      hand. He laid it on the floor and master told him to get me ready. He came
      over and lifted me from the floor and led me to the center of the room.
      He told me to sit down and not to move. He unlocked my hands from behind
      my back and told me to hold them out to be attached to the spreader bar.
      He locked my hands to it and told me to lower it to my feet. He spread
      my legs apart and locked my feet to the same rings my hands were attached
      to. I was now spread-eagled again. He stood up and grabbed the chain in
      the ceiling. He attached it to the spreader bar and I felt the chain being
      raised up. I was now doubled up hanging from the floor about three feet.    
 My master came over to me and slapped me hard on the ass. He told
      the worker to insert the medal dildo into my ass. He rammed it in as far
      as it would go. He took some duct tape and taped it on my ass cheeks so
      I couldn't try and push it out. He asked my master if he was ready to try
      it out and he said yes. I saw the worker hand my master a small remote
      control and master told me to get ready for a jolt. What was he talking
      about? As soon as I thought that thought, I felt an electric shock deep
      in my ass. It was the dildo they put in me. It had a remote control that
      would send a shock to my ass. He pushed the button again and held it down
      for a few seconds. I started swinging back and forth from my ass being
      shocked like this. I could hear everyone laughing. Master walked over to
      me, dropped his pants and shoved his hard dick into my pussy. He started
      pumping and I felt another shock in my ass. As the dildo was shocking my
      ass, I was shoving his dick deeper into my pussy. He told a worker as he
      was fucking me, every time I shock her ass, her pussy tightens up. He finished
      fucking the cup and me was put under me again.    
 A worker came to me with the hood in his hand. Master told him
      to put it over my head. He didn't put in the earplugs this time. I could
      barley hear my master tell someone I was almost ready for them. I could
      feel myself being raised even higher in the air. I felt the tape being
      ripped off my ass and the metal dildo taken out and someone cleaning my
      pussy and ass with a cold wet rag. I heard my master tell this person to
      get started with me. I felt a mouth pressing on my pussy and a tongue licking
      my clit. I also felt a small pair of hands on my back pulling me as close
      to the mouth as they could get it. I heard a moan as my pussy was being
      eaten and it sounded like a woman. That would account for the small hands.
      I heard the moan again and this time, I knew it was a woman eating me.
      She kept licking my clit and I heard her tell me to cum. I have heard this
      voice before but I couldn't tell which woman it was. So many different
      one has eaten me, I really didn't care. She bit down on my clit and I started
      cuming hard. She took her mouth off my pussy and she stuck several fingers
      in my ass and several more in my pussy and started pumping both at the
      same time. This went on for at least three to four minutes before she stopped.    
 A worker was now removing the hood and it took me a few seconds
      to get my eyes to adjust to the light again. As I looked up, I was in shook.
      It was the woman that bought my sister Beth as her slave. She saw the expression
      on my face and started laughing. I was left hanging by the chain as my
      master walked over to the woman that owned Beth. He asked her if the deal
      was still on? She told my master that I had a tighter pussy than her bitch
      and YES, the deal was still on.    
 I started looking around the room to see if Beth was here. My
      master told me to stop looking because your BITCH sister is not here. A
      worker lowered me to the floor and took the spreader bar off my hands and
      feet and relocked my hands behind my back. My master grabbed my leash and
      led me back to his chair. Beth's master followed him and sat down in a
      chair beside him. I was told to sit on the floor on the other side of my
      master. My master told me he had a side bet with my BITCH sister's master
      that I would win the race in three weeks. He told me I will have to race
      against my bitch sister and the winner of the race, their master would
      get both bitches for themselves. I was really happy that I would get to
      be with my sister again. I really didn't care who won the race or who was
      to be my master. I was to be with Beth again. My master told me if I lost
      the race, my new master would cut off all my fingers and also Beth's fingers.
      He also said that if I won the race, he will cut off both our ears and
      have our eardrums removed and we will never be able to hear again. He told
      me this was their deal to each other. Neither one would have a whole slave
      in tact.   
 How could they be so sadistic? Beth's master told me I would not
      get to see my bitch sister until we are at the starting line. My master
      also told me I will not have a chance to let my bitch sister even know
      what the deal it all about. Beth's master told me she told her slave if
      she loses the race, she would be tortured to death on the spot. This way
      she will race as fast as she could. She also told me her bitch doesn't
      know she will be racing against me. This will make the race a fair one.
      She told me she really wants me bad because my pussy tastes real good.
      She told my master she wants me to eat her pussy and her ass to see if
      I was as good as my bitch sister. My master told me to lie down on my back
      and suck her pussy dry. She pushed me to the floor and told me not to move.
      She took her clothes off and stood over my face. She told me to lick her
      clit and her ass hole. She bent down and shoved her pussy in my mouth.
      I started licking her clit and she started to moan. She told me to stick
      my tongue in her ass as far as I could. This is the first time I have ever
      been told to do this. I stuck my tongue in her ass as far as I could and
      she started to rock back and forth. She yelled at me to move my tongue
      around inside her ass hole and lick all the shit out I could get. As I
      was doing it, I wanted to throw up at the thought of me eating shit but
      I knew what would happen if I did. I could taste her shit on my tongue
      as she was still rocking back and forth. She told me to now lick her clit
      until I made her cum. I started licking as fast as I could to try and get
      the shit taste off my tongue. I made her cum after ten minutes of eating
      her out.    
 She got off of me and stood up and told my master that I will
      make a good pussy eater after a little training. I thought I did a good
      job myself. She and my master were sharing a bottle of whiskey and they
      were both getting drunk by now. I was told to sit and watch the show. Beth's
      master got down and laid on the floor with her legs spread wide as my master
      got on top of her and stuck his dick in her as far as it would go. He was
      fucking her hard and deep. I could hear him starting to moan and I knew
      he was getting ready to cum. Beth's master took her hands and wrapped them
      around my masters back as he shot his cum inside her. When he was finished,
      he got off of her and told me to go down to her pussy and eat his cum out
      of her and lick her clean. I did as I was told.    
 After I was finished with her, she sat back down beside my master
      and told him this was the first time she has had a dick in her in a very
      long time. He asked her how she liked it and she told him see prefers pussy
      to dicks but it still wasn't too bad for a man. I knew she didn't like
      men from the auction and it really surprised me that she would fuck a man.
      My master looked down at me and told me this was part of the deal he made
      with her. Beth's master called for three men with the biggest dicks to
      come over to them. These men had huge dicks. Beth's master told my master
      to finish the deal. She told him to pick what dick he wanted to have shoved
      in his ass. Was this true? My master was going to get ass fucked by a dick?
      He pointed to the center man. She told my master to stand up and bend over.
      He did as he was asked to do. The man walked up behind my master and lined
      his dick up with his ass hole. Beth's master told the man to shove his
      dick in as hard and far as he could on the count of three. I could tell
      by my master's face he was dreading this. She counted, one, two, and three.
      The man shoved his entire dick into my master's ass at one time. She told
      the man to start pumping in and out. He did as he was asked to do. I could
      hear my master moaning. This time, it wasn't from pleasure but from pain.
      I loved getting to watch this site. It didn't take long for the man to
      shot his cum into my master's ass. She told me to get ready to eat the
      cum out of my masters ass as soon as the dick was removed. I got into position
      and as soon as he pulled out, I put my mouth to his ass and started sucking.
      She told me to stick my tongue in his ass like I had hers. I stuck it in
      as far as I could and started moving it around. I could feel the mans cum
      filling my mouth. I drank it all and my master stood up and then sat back
      down in his chair. I could tell his ass was sore the way he was sitting.
      That made me real happy.   
 Beth's master told me that this was also part of the deal for
      him getting to fuck her. My master laughed and said, that wasn't as bad
      as I thought it was going to be and Beth's master laughed even louder.
      She told him that now they are both bi-sexual. He told her that he would
      never have another dick in him as long as he lives and if it hadn't been
      for this bet, this would never have happened. They both laughed and finished
      off the bottle of whiskey.    
 My masters told me I would be going to bed now and try to get
      some rest for tomorrow if I can. I was not taken to my master's bedroom
      but rather to my pissing room. Two workers hooked my hands up to the chain
      and I was again lifted off the floor. They spread my legs apart and told
      me to piss. After I was finished, they cleaned my pussy and let me back
      down to the floor. They unlocked my hands and relocked them to my neck
      collar. I was moved back from the center of the floor while one worker
      took a hose and washed the floor. I have never seen this happen before.
      What is going to happen now? One worker reached over and brought over a
      spreader bar. I was told to lie down on the floor and spread my legs. I
      did what they told me to and they locked my legs to the bar. The chain
      was attached to the bar and my feet were lifting me off the floor. They
      lifted me until my ass was about six inches off the floor and they told
      me I would have to sleep like this tonight. One worker told me this would
      help my legs to get stronger for the race. The same worker looked down
      at me and said he wanted to fuck me before I went to sleep. He stuck his
      dick in and pumped fast. He shot his cum in and he got off. The other worker
      told the other man he was going to fuck me also. He stuck his dick in my
      ass hole and was fucking it real slow. It took him several minutes to cum.
      When he finished, the other worker took the hose and stuck it in my pussy
      and turns the water on real fast. He let the water run about a minute and
      took it out only to put it in my ass hole. Again it was left in about a
      minute. He took it out and shut it off and they both walked out and shut
      the door. I was to sleep on the cold concrete floor with my legs spread
      wide and up in the air. I didn't really care at this point. All I cared
      about was I was going to be with Beth again.    
 The next morning two workers unlocking the spreader bar from my
      legs awakened me. They lifted me to my feet and I could hardly stand after
      being left with my legs up in the air all night. One worker helped me to
      stand while the other one was rubbing my legs to get the blood back in
      them. My hands were attached to the chain and I was again lifted off the
      floor while they spread my legs apart and told me to piss. When I was done,
      they cleaned my pussy and lowered me back to the floor. My hand was relocked
      to my neck collar and I was lead to the main room.   
 As we walked in, I noticed a man sitting next to my master. I
      was told to sit down next to my master on the floor. Master told me this
      man is my new trainer and he will get me in shape for the big race in three
      weeks. Master told me I would be put through a lot of different exercises
      in the next several weeks. He also told me I would not have to spend a
      lot of time at his nightly parties so I can get all my rest that will be
      needed for the training. My new trainer told me he wanted to see what all
      I could do and told me to stand up. I stood up in front of him and he told
      me to spread my legs and not to move. As I spread them apart, he reached
      out and stuck one finger in my pussy and told me to squeeze on his finger.
      I started squeezing my pussy muscles as hard as I could. He took his finger
      out of my pussy and stuck it in my ass hole. He told me to squeeze on it
      and I did as I was told. He told my master he was going to have to do some
      work on my ass hole because it was too tight. I was thinking after all
      the dicks that have been stuck in it; it would have been big by now. He
      told master he had something that would take care of that and he would
      start with it today as he starts running me. He started squeezing my legs
      as I stood there and told master they are in pretty good shape. He asked
      master how much did he tied me up in different positions. Master told him
      what all has been done to me and my trainer said he will have me tied in
      all kinds of different ways that will help stretch my muscles to get them
      even stronger. He told master I shouldn't drink too much piss because that
      will tend to make my blood to thin. I was glad to hear that because I hate
      the taste of piss.    
 My trainer told master he had brought twenty gallons of cum with
      him that had extra victims added that would help me to get even stronger.
      Master asked him about all the fucking and he told him that will not hurt
      anything and to fuck me all that he wanted to. My trainer told master the
      tattoos looked good but asked him it not have any more put on me until
      after the race. He told master it will tend to weaken my skin and I will
      need all the strength I have to win this race. Master told him he would
      not have any more put on until after the race was over.    
 Master looked at me and told me he has a lot riding on this race
      and I WILL win it. He also told me after I won the race and he got my bitch
      sister in his name, she will have the same thing done to her as I have
      had had done to me. He told me he wanted us to both look alike. He told
      me he really didn't want to have our ears cut off and our eardrums removed
      but that was the deal he made and it will just have to be that way. My
      new trainer told me to get ready for a full day and he called for a worker
      to come over to me. I was told to lie back down on the floor on my stomach.
      My trainer told the worker to hold me down at my neck and he wanted to
      see how far I could have my legs raised behind me. The worker held my down
      on my neck and my trainer grabbed my legs and started raising them up behind
      me. He had them stretched up as far as he could get them and told my master
      I was not near limber enough. He said he will take care of that and I will
      be chained every night like this until I could get my feet to touch my
      shoulder blades.    
 My trainer stood me back up to my feet and told me I will get
      my first meal for the day. He had a worker bring in a glass full of warm
      cum he had brought with him. He raised it to my mouth and told me to drink
      it all. As I was drinking it, I could tell a different taste in to than
      normal cum. I could taste the victims in it. After I finished with the
      glass of cum, master told me to get down on my knees and get ready for
      some fresh cum. He dropped his pants and told me to suck him dry. He rammed
      his dick in my mouth and I started sucking. It didn't take him long to
      get off and my trainer was ready to get his dick blown. He was about eight
      inches long. He shoved his dick in my mouth and told me to take my gums
      and press down on his dick as I moved it in and out. I started putting
      a little pressure on his dick and he told me to press a lot harder. I started
      really squeezing down as I was ramming it in and he shot his cum in me
      after only a minute or so. I swallowed it and he told me to get back up
      and we will get started with my training. A worker grabbed my leash and
      started leading my outside.   
 After we got to the horse walker, my trainer told me to bend over
      at the waist and not move. He stuck a very large dildo in my ass that had
      straps attached to it. He took two of the straps and run them up between
      my pussy lips and up to my waist. He grabbed another strap and he pulled
      it in between my ass cheeks. He had a larger strap he put around my waist
      and tied the three straps to it. He told me I would wear this dildo every
      time I was to run. He told me to get used to the dildo, as it will help
      me to grow new muscles that will be needed for the race. I couldn't figure
      out how this will help but I don't have a say in anything.    
 A worker brought out the chains that were used on me the day before
      and my trainer looked at them and told the worker he was going to have
      to modify them. He told me I will only have the chains attached to my pussy
      rings. He took the chains and attached them to my clit and pussy lip rings
      and had the rest of the chains cut off. He told me if I were to fall down
      while running now, my pussy would drag me around only. He told the worker
      to lock my hands behind my back and have a chain attached from my hands
      to my neck collar and pull it up real tight. The worker quickly placed
      the chain on me and my trainer laughed at him and told him it was not near
      tight enough. My trainer grabbed the chain and pulled real hard and pulled
      my arms up so far behind me, I thought my arms were going to break. My
      trainer told me he will pull it a little tighter each day because at the
      race, my arms will be pulled up almost to the back of my neck. He told
      me he will let me get used to the dildo in my ass before he turns up the
      speed on the walker.    
 The machine was turned on and I was now being forced to walk around
      the circle with my arms hurting and a huge dildo stuck in my ass. My trainer
      walked around with me several times to make sure I was able to keep up.
      He told me the longer I walked, the less I would feel the dildo. After
      the third time around, he went over to the barn and sat down in a chair
      to watch me walk. I had walked about an hour and he was right, the dildo
      wasn't hurting near as bad as it first did. I walked another hour or so
      and the machine stopped. He came out and took the chain off the walker
      and led me to the side of the barn. My master came out and asked the trainer
      how it was going and he told him I was doing pretty well for the first
      time out. My master told me it was time to get some food in me and he had
      another glass full of warm cum for me to drink. I finished drinking it
      and my trainer told me to sit on the ground for a break. As I sat down,
      it shoved the dildo in my ass even farther. I still had no choice in the
      matter. I just tried not to think about it. I was told my break was over
      and my master left and I was taken back to the walker and my pussy chain
      was again hooked up to the machine. My trainer told me I will walk for
      three hours and will be given a thirty-minute break and lunch. The machine
      was turned back on and I had to start walking again.   
 I had been walking about an hour when I heard a clap of thunder.
      I looked up and saw it was getting ready to rain. I thought I would be
      taken inside but I was wrong again. It started raining and I was still
      forced to walk. It started raining so hard and the water was running in
      my eyes and it took everything I had to be able to see the track and stay
      on it. I got off track just a little and the chain on my pussy rings started
      pulling the rings and that really hurt. The only thing I could do was to
      try to follow the track. It was hard to do and I was pulled several times
      by my rings but I managed to keep up. It rained for about twenty minutes
      and stopped. The track was muddy by this time and I had to really be careful
      not to slip and fall. I finished my three hours and was released from the
      machine and taken to the barn again. My trainer told me to stand still
      as he inspected my pussy rings to see if I had torn any skin when I fell
      behind. He got down on his knees and told me to spread my legs apart. He
      checked and told me everything was in good shape. He told me it was time
      for another glass of cum. He lifted the glass to my mouth and I drank it.
      He told me to lie down on the ground on my back and spread my legs. I knew
      what was going to happen now. As soon as I was on the ground, he dropped
      his pants and got on top of me and started fucking me as hard as he could.
      He fucked me for over fifteen minutes before he shot his cum in me. I was
      think that I was going to get to rest but this was his way for me to rest.
      As soon as he finished fucking me, he told me to get back up and get ready
      for my last three hours on the walker for the day.    
 As he was hooking me up to the walker, he told me he was going
      to turn the speed up a little bit. He walked to the switch and turned it
      on. The machine started moving and I was now walking a little faster. He
      came back out to me and had a riding crop in his hand. He told me to get
      ready as I was walking to get my ass beat. He warned me if I slowed down
      as he was beating me, he will turn the machine up even faster and he will
      beat me even longer. With saying that, he started beating my ass as I walked.
      He would hit the dildo and jar it in my ass hole. It was hard to walk while
      I was being beaten but again I knew I had no choice but to take it. He
      beat me for over five laps around the circle before he stopped. He told
      me before he walked away that he wanted to see me piss as I walked and
      I started pissing. I finished my three hours of walking and I heard the
      machine turn off. My trainer came out and unhooked my chain from the machine
      and led me to the little building to be bathed.    
 By the time we reached the building, I was about to drop. I was
      tired, hungry and hurting. My trainer told the worker waiting on me to
      get me cleaned up and fed and to bring me to the main house. The worker
      didn't take the chain off my arms but he did take the one off my pussy
      rings. He put the chain from the ceiling on my neck collar and took out
      a hose and started washing me. After he finished, he took the chain off
      from the ceiling and grabbed my leash and walked me to the main house.
      My master and trainer were now sitting and talking. I was taken to my master
      and told to stand in front of his chair. He told me to spread my legs and
      he wanted to see how the dildo was doing. My trainer came up from behind
      me and removed the straps as my master watched and pulled it out and laid
      it on the floor. I felt like my ass hole was about three feet wide by now.
      My trainer stuck two fingers in my ass and moved them around. He told my
      master the dildo was doing a good job and he will only have to use it for
      two weeks at this rate. My master stuck several fingers in my pussy and
      told me the party will start in about three hours and I will get some rest
      now. He told me I will only be at the party for about an hour tonight.    
 A worker came and led me to my pissing room and hooked my hands
      to the chain and raised me up. Another worker helped him spread my legs
      apart and I started pissing again. One worker told the other to look at
      my ass hole. He got leaned down and looked right at it and laughed. He
      told the other worker it was looking a little sore. They both laughed and
      let me down. My hands were again locked behind me and the chain was attached
      to my neck collar as tight as it was before. I was told to lie on the floor
      and get some rest. Right before they walked out, one of them took a padlock
      and locked my feet together and they walked out and shut the door.   
 I fell asleep for several hours and the workers came in and took
      the lock off my feet and told me to come with them. One grabbed my leash
      and I was lead to the main room again. My master told me I did well today
      and he was going to be easy on me tonight. He said all I will have to do
      tonight will be tied to the floor with the spreader bars and lay there.
      He said my trainer told him I needed the rest because tomorrow will be
      a long day and he wanted me rested. He also told me my trainer had the
      final say because he has trained several winners and he knew what he was
      doing. Besides this, he said he had paid him dearly to train me to win
      and that was what I was going to do. He said I will not have to be raised
      every time I was fucked to fill the cup with cum because my trainer has
      brought a pump with him to suck the cum out of my pussy so I could drink
      it before I was to go to sleep.   
 A worker came for me and led me to the center of the room and
      released my hands from behind me. He locked my hands to the spreader bar
      and my feet to another one and locked them to the floor. I was now ready
      to be fucked by all my masters' guests at the party. People started arriving
      and the party was getting under way. As soon as most of the people were
      here, master told everyone that wanted to stick a dick in me could now
      get started. He told them I am in training so I will not be moved from
      my bonds. Several men asked what I was in training for and master told
      them I was going to be in the slave race held in three weeks. He told them
      he was going to win another bitch for their pleasure and there will be
      double the fun. They laughed and started lining up to fuck me. The first
      one to drop his pants had the biggest dick I have ever seen. He was even
      bigger than my master. He asked master if I could take his entire dick
      and master told him if she couldn't, make her. He got down on top of me
      and aimed his extra huge dick with my pussy and before he plunged into
      it, he stopped. He asked a worker if he could hold my pussy rings apart
      so he wouldn't tear them out. Two workers got on each side of me and they
      grabbed a ring apiece and spread my pussy wide for him. They raised the
      ring in my clit to rest on my pussy crack and the man stuck his dick in
      about six inches. He stopped and told the workers thank you and they left.
      The man told me to get ready for his dick and with this, he rammed the
      massive dick in as far as it would go. I felt like I was being ripped apart.
      His dick was not only longer than masters but a lot thicker also. It took
      my breath as he plunged it in and I could hear my master laugh. The man
      started pumping his dick in and almost all the way out and back in as far
      as it would go. It really hurt at first but the longer he fucked me, the
      wetter I would get. He fucked me for at least twenty-five minutes and I
      was getting ready to cum when I felt his dick swelling even more. I knew
      if I was going to cum, I have better do I quick. We both cum at the same
      time and he complete filled my pussy with very hot cum.    
 A worker had the pump ready when he pulled out and the worker
      stuck it in my pussy and turned it on. I could feel a lot of cum being
      pumped out of me. When this was finished, another man took his place. Before
      the party was over of me, I had fucked over twenty men and ate out three
      women. My master told a worker to get me cleaned up and chained for the
      night. I was raised from the spreader bars and the large beer mug was brought
      to me for me to drink. It was full to the top with cum. I was really getting
      to like the taste of cum by now. I knew this was my only source of food
      and I was used to it so I really was getting to like it.   
 I had my arms locked to my neck collar and was led to the pissing
      room for my nightly piss. After I was lowered to the floor, a worker locked
      my arms behind me and locked my feet with another lock. A chain was attached
      to my hands and feet and I was now doubled over backwards for the night.
      I knew the trainer wanted me to get used to this so I tried to relax as
      best as I could and I fell asleep even before the workers left the room.    
 The next morning a had awoke before the workers came in to get
      me and I had some time to think about the race with Beth. I didn't want
      us to lose our ears or hearing but I also wanted to keep our fingers. I
      know Beth doesn't know I will race against her and I know she doesn't want
      to be disfigured either. Neither of us will have a choice though. I will
      have to win the race because I know Beth hates to be a woman fucker for
      the rest of her life but this place can't be much better. I knew I had
      to win the race no matter what it takes.    
 As the workers came for me, I was ready to get on eith my training
      and get it over with. I was taken back to the main room where I saw my
      master and trainer drinking some coffee and talking. I was placed on the
      floor and told it was time for breakfast. I saw my master taking off his
      pants and getting ready for his morning blowjob. I quickly stuck his dick
      in and started sucking. After he shot his cum, I thought I was going to
      have to suck more dicks when my trainer lifted the large glass of cum to
      my mouth and told me to drink it. After I finished drinking the entire
      glass, my trainer told master it was time to get started again.    
 I was taken back to the horse walker and had the chains reattached
      and installed on the walker. My trainer told me to get ready for the dildo
      so I bent over and he stuck it in my ass and tied the straps as he did
      yesterday. Today went almost the same as yesterday except the speed was
      increased just a little more. After the training for the day was completed,
      it was again time for the party. The only thing I had on my mind was I
      had to win this race.    
 Everyday has been about the same as the last now for over two
      weeks. I was getting a lot stronger and a lot faster. My trainer told me
      after about two weeks, my ass hole is now ready and I won't have to be
      the dildo anymore. This really didn't bother me any because I have grown
      used to it. With all the dicks and all the dildos, I really didn't care.
      To me, it was just another day. My trainer told me I will be ready to race
      in three days and he said he knows I can win the race. He told me I was
      faster than any other bitch he has trained. This really did make me proud.    
 It was now only one day away from the race and I was really ready
      to see Beth again. My master told me that tonight, the party will be held
      for me and for my pleasure only. He told me I would not be tied in any
      way including my hands. I will be free to walk around the room and fuck
      anyone I wanted to fuck and I can use my hands for the first time since
      I have been in captivity. He did tell me that I would not touch my body
      anywhere and if I did, regardless of the race, he would have my hands cut
      off and one shoved in my pussy and one in my ass. I knew he meant it. Just
      to be free for one night was a BIG TREAT for me.    
 As the guest were coming in for the party, one man was shocked
      to see I was sitting next to my master without having my hands tied. My
      master told everyone there he had a special announcement to make. He told
      everyone there I was to race tomorrow and I was to make him a lot of money
      plus I was going to win him another bitch for them to enjoy. Everyone started
      clapping. My master also told everyone that his slave has the freedom tonight
      to fuck anyone she wants to fuck and she will get to use her hands also.
      I really felt good about having a little control even if it was to only
      choose the ones I has to fuck. Master told me to get started and the workers
      will be watching every move I make to make sure I don't touch myself anywhere.
      That didn't bother me any because I haven't touched myself anywhere but
      my neck and my back since I was kidnapped.    
 My master asked that everyone here to strip down naked. After
      everyone was naked, I walked over to a man I have fucked at least a hundred
      times before and I put my hands on his dick. It got rock hard in just a
      few seconds. This really felt good to get to touch the dick with my hands.
      I started to rub the backside of his dick with gentle strokes. I got down
      on my knees and put his dick in my mouth and started to suck it. He shot
      his cum in my mouth before a minute was up. He has never done this before.
      It had always taken him at least several minutes at the least before. I
      quickly moved to another man I have never seen before. I lay down on the
      floor right in front of him and I spread my legs wide apart. He fell on
      top of me and this time, for the very first time, I grabbed his dick and
      put it at my pussy lips, being careful not to touch my own pussy, and I
      shoved my hips up to ram his dick in as far as I could get it. He replied
      be shoving it in the rest of the way himself. I put my hands on his ass
      and started pushing his ass as hard as I could. He was really getting into
      the fuck when I took one of my fingers and stuck it in his ass hole. As
      soon as I buried my finger in his ass, he shot his hot cum into my pussy.
      When he got off of me, I laid still waiting for a worker to put the cup
      under me, instead, he handed it to me and told me to fill the cup myself
      but don't touch my pussy or ass. I did as he told me to and when the cup
      was full, I raised it to my lips and drank it. This really felt good to
      get to feed myself for the first time. I even took my tongue and licked
      the cup clean.   
 My master walked over to me and for the first time in three weeks,
      he kissed me on the lips. As he was kissing me, I reached down and started
      rubbing his dick. I guess it took him by surprise because he stopped kissing
      me and smiled at me. I got down on my knees and grabbed his dick and put
      the tip of it in my mouth. I reached behind him, grabbed his ass and I
      shoved his dick to the back of my throat. He was going wild by now. Right
      before he shot his cum in my mouth, I stopped and lie down on the floor
      and spread my legs apart again. He knew what I wanted and he got on top
      of me. I reached down and guided his dick to my waiting pussy lips, rubbing
      his balls as I did this. He started to shove his dick in when I reached
      over his back, grabbed his ass and pushed it down on my waiting pussy.
      As he was pumping his dick, I was rubbing his ass with one hand and his
      back with the other. It took him only five minutes to fill me full of his
      cum. After he got off of me, the worker handed me the cup and again I filled
      it and drank it. Every time I drank the cup of cum, I would clean it dry
      with my tongue. I didn't even go close to any of the women knowing how
      master felt about it. One woman got mad and told my master she wanted me
      to eat her and he told her that tonight, and only tonight, his slave has
      the choose of who she fucks. The woman said that's not a problem because
      after the race, she will have two women to eat her out. My master told
      her that is right and thanked her for her understanding. There were about
      sixty men and fifteen women at the party tonight and I fucked every man
      there, some I even fucked twice or more.   
 My master told everyone I had to get some sleep because I had
      a race to win tomorrow. He told a worker to take me to his bedroom and
      get me ready for bed. He told them to clean me up first. Without my hands
      being locked, I was taken to the pissing room to get my bath. I was expecting
      to have my hands tied up and raised off the floor, as I have been every
      time since I have been here but they didn't. They told me to just raise
      my hands up in the air and spread my legs apart and piss. This was really
      strange. I raised my arms up and spread my legs and a worker took a soft
      washcloth with warm water and soap, and began to wash me. He told me not
      to get used to this because this will be the very last time this will happen.
      He told me when I get back from the race; both my bitch sister and I will
      be treated like I have been since I got here. He told me this is a reward
      for training so hard to win my master a lot of money and another bitch
      slave to add to his collection. I didn't care. I was in heaven tonight
      and I wasn't going to let anything stop me from feeling good.   
 After I was clean, the workers did lock my hands to my neck collar
      and lead me to my master's bedroom. As I was lead in, he was already in
      bed. He told me to get in bed next to him and lie down. I did as he told
      me to and he quickly told me if I even smiled at him, he would have me
      beaten until I am close to death. He told me I would not be fucked until
      after I won the race. He again told me if I liked my fingers, I WILL WIN
      the race. I know he meant it. I was going to win it and I knew it. He told
      me to get to sleep and be ready in leave first thing in the morning. He
      told me the jet would leave as soon as we get up. I laid my head on the
      pillow and fell asleep knowing I was going to be with my sister tomorrow.   
 My master awakened me this morning. He told me we would be leaving
      in just a little bit. I had the best night sleep last night I have had
      since college. Master called for a worker to come and get me. I was taken
      down stairs and told to sit on the floor. My master and my trainer came
      in and sat down in their chairs. My master asked my trainer if he was sure
      I was going to win the race. He told him I was the fastest bitch he has
      trained and yes I will win. My master told me he was proud of me and I
      will have my bitch sister with me after today was over. He also told me
      he was going to buy some extra toys for us with the money I was going to
      make him. He told his workers to get my gear ready and get it on the jet.    
 My trainer had my glass of cum ready for me to drink. He told
      me I would have to take some extra pills this morning that will help me
      to have even extra speed today. He put five pills in my mouth and raised
      the glass to my mouth and I drank the cum as I swallowed the pills. He
      told me I will start to feel my heart racing and this was what he wanted
      to happen. My master told a worker to take me to my pissing room and let
      me piss. I was quickly taken into the room and told to spread my legs apart
      and start pissing. I really liked not having to be chained off the floor
      to do my job. After I was done, he took a warm rag and cleaned my pussy
      and led me back to the main room. My master told the worker to take me
      to the jet and get ready for takeoff. I was lead down the path through
      a small woods that I had been on before when I arrived at the island. I
      saw the jet waiting for me. My master and my trainer boarded the jet first
      and then I was lead on board.   
 After I was on board, my trainer told me my arms would be locked
      behind my back now until after the race was over. He told me after last
      night with my arms being free; he wanted me to readjust to being tied because
      I will have to race like this. He quickly locked my hands behind me and
      installed the chain as high as it would go. My hands were now touching
      my shoulder blades as I was told they would be. Master told me to sit down
      in a seat and get ready for takeoff. I sat down and a worker strapped my
      seat belt on me and I could hear the jet engines starting. We were taking
      off and my master told me I could get some more rest while we are in the
      sir. He told me the flight would only be about two hours long. As I tried
      to relax, I could feel the pills I had taken starting to work. I could
      feel my pulse rate getting faster. I was also excited to get to see Beth
      again. I did get a few minutes sleep but every time I would fall asleep,
      I would wake up with the jitters. I don't know what the pills were I took
      but I was guessing it was some kind of speed.   
 We were getting ready to land when my master told me to get ready
      to win. My trainer reached over and put his fingers on my neck and was
      taking my pulse. He told my master the pills were working the way they
      are supposed to and I will be a streak of lightning on the track. The jet
      was descending to the runway and I could hear the tires make contact with
      the concrete. We were now coming to a stop and the engines were shut off.
      I watched as a worker was opening the door and I could hear people outside
      talking. A worker took my seat belt off and grabbed my leash and was walking
      me down the stairs. When we were on the ground, I looked around expecting
      to see Beth but no one was around except some airport workers. I was taken
      to a truck that had a horse trailer on the back and was told to get in
      it. As I was getting in, I could see there were seven other slaves in there
      with me. All the slaves were gagged and their neck collars were locked
      to the side on the trailer by a small chain. A worker took my leash and
      locked it to the side just like the others. The door way shut and we were
      starting to move. I guess my master and trainer took a car to the racetrack.    
 All the other slaves in the trailer were looking at me. I guess
      they were wondering why I didn't have a gag in my mouth. I tried to talk
      to them but I knew I couldn't make a sound. I guess they knew I was mute.
      The trip to the track took over an hour to get there. As we were coming
      to a stop, the driver hit his brakes to fast and we all almost fell. We
      got our balance back and we heard the doors open. We were each unlocked
      and lead out of the trailer to a small building at the end of a large racetrack.
      All the women that were in the trailer with me were all in their early
      to late twenties as best as I could tell. Only two of the slaves had their
      heads shaved. All had some kind of tattoo on their bodies. Most were of
      dicks and some even had pussies tattooed on them. All of us had shaved
      pussies most of them had the word slave tattooed right above their pussy
      cracks. Several had brands on their asses like mine. I was the only slave
      that had FUCK ME tattooed above my pussy. Every slave had pussy rings in
      their lips and clits like mine.   
 We were taken into the little building and we saw there were seventeen
      other slaves already locked to rings in the floor. I was looking around
      because I knew Beth was here. Three slaves had hoods over their heads.
      The rest were without hoods. I didn't see Beth's face so I knew she was
      one with a hood on. I looked real close at each of the three with hoods
      and I saw Beth's figure. She was tied at the far end of the room from me
      and I saw she had the pussy rings in her lips too. She still had her head
      hair because I could see it coming out from under her hood. It had grown
      longer than it was since last time I saw her at the slave traders place.
      Every slave had a ball gag in her mouth that I could see. I didn't know
      if Beth had one in her mouth or not because of the hood. I wanted to scream
      out to her but I knew I couldn't speak anymore.    
 Slaves had their hands and arms tied just like mine. I noticed
      some of the slaves had their hair cut to look like a horses mane. The others
      had their regular hair. There were only four of us that had no hair on
      their head. A worker from the track came in and told us we will be taken
      outside for inspection in just a few minutes. He told us that if we had
      to shit or piss to do it now. He said we would be cleaned before inspection.
      I could hear the slaves all start pissing and I could smell shit coming
      from several of them. I couldn't tell if Beth shit or not. She was to far
      away from me to see. We were taken out of the building five at a time.
      I knew Beth would be one of the last to be taken out because she was at
      the far end of the building. We were each tied to a pole that was set about
      six feet apart in concrete. The poles were about six feet tall with hooks
      at the top of each one. I was tied to the second pole and I saw Beth was
      tied to the very last pole. The workers washed us each from top to bottom.
      We had to stand there for about ten minutes while were drying in the sun.    
 We all heard a man on a loud speaker at the end of the track make
      the announcement that inspection will start in two minutes. Beth was now
      the only slave to still have on her hood. I knew the reason for this. They
      didn't want her to know I was there with her. The first slave was unlocked
      from her pole and taken to a stage at the start of the racetrack. I noticed
      four men sitting in chairs at the base of the stage. The first slave was
      told to spread her legs wide and not move. I saw a man sticking his finger
      deep into her pussy and ass. He told the announcer she was without a device.
      She was told to sit down on the ground and wait. I was next to be inspected.
      The man told me to spread my legs apart and not to move. He stuck a finger
      into my pussy. I could tell he was checking to see if anything had been
      inserted in it. He checked my ass the same way. I was told to sit next
      to the first slave. Each slave had the same inspection done to her. The
      ninth slave to be inspected had a small metal ball removed from her ass.
      The announcer said she will not race and all money for her will be forfeited.
      Her owner was told he would have to take his slave and leave the property
      now. He had planted a remote control shocker in her ass to make her run
      faster.    
 I watched as Beth was being inspected. I was hoping she didn't
      have a shocker planted in her too. She didn't and was told to sit down.
      She had to be lead everywhere she went because of the hood. She sat down
      and waited. I saw she didn't have any tattoos on her body at all. I knew
      if I won the race, she would have the same ones put on her as I have.    
 The announcer told everyone the race would be held in stages.
      The first five slaves will be lined up and they will race. The winner of
      this race will be in the finals. All the losers will be finished for the
      day and will not race again today. After all five of the races are over,
      there will only be five slaves to race in the finals. These five slaves
      will race one final race and the winner will get the big trophy. The second
      runner up will get a smaller trophy. All five racers will get a new pony
      gear complete with a saddle. The announcer asked if there were any more
      bets before the race began. He said no bets would be accepted after the
      race started.   
 People started lining up to make their final bets. After the last
      one left the betting table, a worker came and unlocked the first five slaves.
      I was in the first race. All five of us were lined up at the starting line.
      The four slaves I was to race had their ball gags removed. Each one of
      us had a horses bit shoved in our mouth and tied tightly behind our heads.
      I felt like I was a horse by now. We heard the announcer say when we heard
      the bell sound; we are to take off as fast as we can go. We each had a
      marked lane to run in. The track was about as long as a football field.
      I was really getting nervous by now. We heard the bell ring and away we
      went. I started off in the led and finished first. I was proud I had won
      this race. We were taken back to the starting point and the winner was
      announced. The other four slaves I raced were taken off the track and put
      back in the little building we had first been in. I was taken to the spot
      at the beginning of the race and told to sit back down. Another five slaves
      were brought to the starting line. The race was on again. The winner of
      this race was sat down beside me. The next five slaves were about to race.
      As soon as the bell rang, one of the slaves tripped and fell to the ground.
      The other four kept right on running. The slave who fell was picked up
      and taken to the announcers table and was beat with a horsewhip until she
      pasted out. Some water was thrown on her and she was beaten again. The
      winner of this race was placed beside me and told to wait. The announcer
      said over the loud speaker that any other slave that falls would be beaten
      like the one that did fall.   
 Another five slaves were lined up to race. I looked over and saw
      Beth still had her hood over her head. I was wondering how she would race
      like this. The race was over and the forth winner was told to sit down
      next to us. The other slaves who lost were taken to the little building.
      Beth was getting ready to race. I was hoping she would win. She has always
      been a good runner all her life. The last four slaves were brought to the
      starting line. The announcer told the workers to remove the gags and hoods
      and put in the bits like he did on the other four races. This was the first
      time I got to see her face. A worker was putting the bit in her mouth and
      I could hear him tell her to only look at the track. He told her when she
      got to the end, win or lose, not to look back at the start and wait until
      her hood was replaced.    
 The bell rang and off they went. A tall red head took the led
      at first. I saw Beth gaining on her fast and Beth did win by only a few
      feet. Her hood was replaced and she was brought next to me and told to
      sit down. She was close enough to touch but I knew better than that. The
      announcer told the crowd there would be a ten-minute break before the final
      race. I watched as my master was talking to Beth's master and they were
      drinking some whiskey together. They were laughing and cutting up as if
      nothing was going on. I was wondering what they were saying.    
 I looked over at Beth and I could tell she has been beaten a lot.
      She had marks all over her body. She also had a scar on her lower stomach
      that looked like she had been cut real deep. It went across her from side
      to side. It reminded me of what a friend of mine from college had on her.
      This friend had to have a hysterectomy because of cancer she had had. I
      also noticed Beth has had her pubic hair permanently removed like I have
      had done to me.   
 We sat there for about ten minutes when the announcer said to
      get ready for the final race. The workers came to get us. We were lined
      up ready to race and Beth was right beside me in the line up. A worker
      took her hood off and told her to look beside her. Beth looked me right
      in the eyes started to speak. She couldn't get anything out because of
      the horse bit in her mouth. A worker got in front of her and slapped her
      real hard in the face. He told her to look forward and get ready to race.
      We both turned our heads to the front and were getting ready for the bell
      to ring. I don't know what was going through her mind but you could tell
      by her look, her brain was running as fast as it could. The bell rang and
      off we went.   
 Beth took off in front followed by another slave. I was in third
      place. I knew I had to win and I could hear my master yelling for me to
      run faster. I put everything I had into it. I passed the second slave and
      Beth and I were now neck to neck. We didn't look over at each other at
      all. We were getting close to the finish line and I took the led by only
      a few inches. I kicked into overdrive and by the time I reached the finish
      line, I was ahead by at least three feet. Beth came in second followed
      by the other three slaves. I could hear my master yelling at me by now.
      He was yelling good bitch at the top of his lungs.   
 We were led back to the starting line to be met by our masters.
      The announcer said that the DICK HEAD was today's winner. I knew whom he
      was talking about. Beth's master took the bit out of her mouth and hit
      her in the face with her closed fist as hard as she could. Beth fell to
      the ground only to be kicked by her with her foot. My master told her to
      stop because this bitch now belongs to him and he will do all the hitting
      from now on. She got mad and yelled Fuck You to him and kicked Beth one
      more time and walked away. Beth didn't make a sound while she was being
      hit.    
 My master told Beth she now belonged to him and we will be going
      to your new quarters in a few minutes. He told her not to say a word to
      me and you will not be punished if you don't. He told one of his workers
      to get us cleaned up and takes us back to the jet. We were taken to the
      small building and told to piss and get ready to be cleaned. We both spread
      our legs apart and started pissing. I saw that Beth also took a shit on
      the floor. I knew she has been eating food. After we finished, a hose cleaned
      us and Beth had a leash put on her collar and we were lead outside. We
      got to walk side by side and I was really happy. I saw Beth had a smile
      on her face from ear to ear.    
 We were told to get into our masters car and get ready for the
      trip back to the island. Our master told his workers and my trainer he
      had to go and pick up his money and our new pony gear and he would be ready
      to leave. He returned in just a few minutes and got in the front seat with
      our driver. The worker got into another car and was to follow us. One worker
      got in between Beth and me and told Beth not to speak a word. He told her
      she would have a little talk on the jet back to the island. My master looked
      back at me and told me he was really proud of me but don't let that go
      to my head. Me told Beth he will talk to her on the jet as soon as we get
      airborne.   
 We arrived at the jet and was lead up the stairs. I kept trying
      to see Beth's face to see what kind of expression she had but a worker
      stayed between us. We were told to sit down in a seat facing each other
      and we did. Our hands were still tight behind us. A worker fastened our
      seat belts and we heard the engines start. We just sat there and looked
      at each other. I watched her look at my tattoos and my baldhead. This is
      when she saw my teeth had been pulled. She still had all her teeth and
      hair. The jet took off down the runway and we lifted off. Our master came
      over and sat down beside me and looked at Beth. He told her to get used
      to the tattoos because she will have the same ones in a few days.    
 After we had been in the air a few minutes, our master told Beth
      she can ask all the questions she wanted to ask and they will be answered.
      The first thing she asked him was is it all right to talk to Brenda? He
      told her Brenda was dead and so was Beth. He also told her that I couldn't
      answer back because I can't make a sound anymore. She asked master why
      and he told her he had my vocal cords had been paralyzed right after be
      bought me. He told her she would have the same thing done to her after
      this Q and A session was over. I saw her getting upset by now. Her voice
      started quivering as she asked why no voice. Master told her he didn't
      see a need for us to talk so you will not be able to a just a short time.
      She asked him if we would be able to see each other when we get to the
      island? He told her you would be together almost all of the time and sometimes,
      even closer than we want to be. She asked him what he meant by this? He
      laughed and told her see will get that answer very soon and she will know
      what he meant by that.    
 She asked him what her duties would be at the island? He told
      her she would get to fuck all the men she wants and even more than she
      wants at times. He told her she would be nothing more than a sex slave
      and get ready for some very large dicks. He told her she will still get
      a lot of pussy though and then he laughed. She asked him if I was still
      in good health? He replied that she beat you at the race didn't she? He
      asked her what she has been fed since she became a slave. She told him
      she gets to gets to eat a lot of different kinds of meat. He told her that
      her diet has changed and all she will have now is cum and piss. Nothing
      else. She asked him how many times a day will she have to be beaten? He
      told her she would only be beaten when she doesn't do what is told of her
      to do. She told master she has been beaten several times a day everyday
      since she was sold. She said this would be a treat for her. Master told
      her she would have a good life from now on as long as she does what she
      is told to do.   
 She started to ask him another question when he told her to shut
      her mouth. He told her he was already tired of hearing her and she now
      get a shot that will render her unable to ever talk again. A worker walked
      over to her and held her head back and master told her to start screaming.
      I knew that feeling. She started to scream and stopped right before the
      needle was stuck in her neck. Master told her if she didn't keep screaming,
      he would beat her until she is ready to scream. The needle was replaced
      to her neck and she started screaming. I wanted to hear her as long as
      I could but I knew that would be over in just a few seconds. The needle
      was shoved into her neck and the liquid was injected into her vocal cords.
      She was right in the middle of a loud scream when all of a sudden she stopped.
      She still had her mouth open but nothing was coming out. She was now mute
      like me and will be for the rest of her life. Her eyes got real big and
      she was trying to talk but nothing was coming out. She started crying and
      I knew what was going to happen next and there was nothing I could do about
      it. Master told the worker to bring the other needle and stop the tears.
      He told Beth she would no longer be able to shed tears anymore because
      these shots will take care of this. The worker gave her the two shots in
      her cheeks right below her eyes and the tears stopped. Master laughed and
      told her he hated to see a bitch cry so now you won't be able to.   
 Master told her about the bet with her old master and said as
      soon as we get to the island, both of us will have our ears cut off our
      heads. He did tell us that since her old master kicked her after he told
      her to stop, we would not have our eardrums removed so we will still be
      able to hear our commands. Beth pasted out with that remark. Master told
      a worker to wake her back up so he threw some cold water on her and she
      quickly woke back up. Master told Beth he wanted a blowjob and she might
      as well get started. He told her she had better swallow every drop because
      that is her food from now on. He took off his pants and a worker took her
      seat belt off of her and told her to stick his dick in her mouth. She bent
      over him and he stuck his massive member in her mouth and he grabbed her
      head a forced head down on his dick. He forced the whole thing in her throat
      and told her to start pumping on it. I could tell it has been since the
      slave traders place that she hasn't had a dick anywhere in her. She did
      a pretty good job on him. She didn't gag at all. He shot his cum into her
      throat and he pulled his dick out and told her to lick him clean. She did
      as she was told. I was really proud of her by now.    
 She was returned to her seat and strapped back in. Master went
      on to tell her as soon as we get back to the island, you will have all
      your hair removed just like your bitch sister. You will be tattooed just
      like her and you will have all your teeth pulled also. You will have the
      same kind of rings inserted in you everywhere your bitch has them except
      your ears. He laughed real hard at that comment. You will also be branded
      the same way. I am going to have the ring put in your nose right now. You
      will see the reason for that very soon. He went on to say that now I have
      both of you, after each one of you are fucked, you can now eat each out
      until you have all the cum that is shoved it your pussies. He said this
      would save his workers the time of having a cup placed under you.    
 I know I have had to eat a lot of other women's pussies but the
      thought of having to eat out Beth was almost more that I could handle.
      Again I knew we don't have a choice. A worker came over to Beth and had
      the ring in his hand and the nail to pierce her with. I watched him stick
      the nail through her nose like they did me and he put the ring in the hole
      and took a small torch and heated it until it melted together. I didn't
      seem to bother her much. I know she has been through a lot of pain and
      is now used to it.    
 After the ring was inserted, a worker asked if he could fuck the
      new bitch. Master told him to go ahead and have a good time. Beth was taken
      out of her seat and told to lie down on the floor and spread her legs.
      She did as told and the worker quickly dropped his pants and got down on
      top of her. He lined his dick up with her pussy and rammed hard. I could
      tell by the way she was acting it has been a long time since a man has
      fucked her. The worker fucked her for over ten minutes before he shot his
      cum into her pussy. Master told him to stay there until I could be ready
      to eat it out. I was removed from my seat and told to eat her out. I was
      laid down with my mouth right at her pussy and master told me to get started.
      I put my mouth on her pussy and started sucking. It was really a strange
      feeling having to eat out my own sister. After I had finished, I was getting
      ready to get off her when master told me to make her cum. I didn't hesitate
      any. I stuck my tongue on her clit and started stroking it. Master told
      me to do it fast and make her cum right now. I started licking it as fast
      as I could and I felt her pussy meeting my mouth. She was getting ready
      to cum. She started cuming and master said that was good.    
 I was raised off of her and told to get ready to have my pussy
      eaten by my bitch sister. Beth was rolled over on me and she stuck her
      tongue in my pussy and started licking. It felt real good. I know she has
      been taught to do it right with all the pussy she has had to eat. She gently
      bit down on my clit and I started to cum. Master started laughing and said
      this is going to be more fun than her thought it would be. I didn't care
      if I was going to have to eat out my own sister all the time. At least
      I will be with her all the time.   
We were both placed back in our seats and re strapped in for the
      rest of the flight. Master told us we could get some sleep until we get
      to the island. He said we would need the rest because he has planned a
      big party to show off his new prize. We looked at each other and we closed
      our eyes and fell asleep.   
 The were awakened as the jet was landing. We were told to get
      ready to go to the main house. After the jet stopped, we were led out of
      the jet and through the woods to the main house. It was starting to get
      late because the sun was setting by now. I knew the party was only hours
      away. We were both taken to my pissing room to get ready for the party.
      The worker told me I was to go first so he could show Beth what will be
      expected of her. She was chained to a hook in the wall to watch. I had
      my arms released to be relocked to the overhead chain. I was lifted off
      the floor and the workers spread my legs apart and told me to piss. I was
      watching Beth as I was pissing and she had a shocked look on her face.
      After I finished pissing, they stuck the hose in my pussy and turned on
      the water. It was removed and stuck in my ass hole. I was lowered to the
      floor and unlocked. I was to take Beth's place at the wall and her take
      my place on the chain. They raised her from the floor and spread her legs
      apart and told her to piss and shit. That sounded funny because it has
      been a long time since I got to take a shit. She pissed and took a big
      shit. The hose was stuck in her pussy and turned on. They left in in her
      for at least three minutes. It was removed from her pussy and shoved in
      her ass. The water was turned on real fast and they left it in her at least
      five minutes. I could smell the shit that was being forced out of her.
      A worker told her this would be the last time you will ever shit again.
      They both started laughing as they were lowering her to the floor.    
 Before she had her hands unlocked from the chain, one of the workers
      told the other he wanted to fuck this new bitch. She was told to spread
      her legs apart and get ready for a good old fashion fuck. He rammed his
      dick in her as the other worker lined up with her ass hole. He plunged
      in it as hard as he could and now she was being pussy and ass fucked at
      the same time. Both men cum at the same time. The man at her ass pulled
      out and told her to squeeze her ass cheeks together to keep the cum in
      her until your bitch can get over here to eat it. He pulled out and came
      over to me and unlocked me from the wall. I went over to her ass and stuck
      my mouth over it. He told her to push the cum out into the bitches mouth
      while the other man still had his dick in her pussy. I got it all out and
      was told to get ready to eat her pussy. I got into position as the worker
      took his dick out and I started sucking all the cum out of her pussy.   
 We were told we could get some rest before the guest gets here.
      We were lead to the main room and master and my trainer were sitting in
      the chairs. My trainer told me he was leaving in the morning and he was
      very proud of me. He reached over and started sucking my titties. I was
      proud he was happy with me. Master told me to lie down on the floor and
      he was going to show us why he had the nose ring inserted so soon. I lay
      down on my back on the floor and master told me to spread my legs apart
      real wide. He told Beth to lay down on top of me with her head at my pussy.
      She did as she was told. We are now both staring at each other's pussies.
      Master told a worker to lock my nose ring to Beth's clit ring and do the
      same to the other. He did as he was told to do and now we are forced to
      have our faces in each other's pussies. Master told us to get used to this
      because we will sleep every night in this position. He told us this is
      what he meant on the jet that she would get a lot of pussy plus all the
      dicks. He told us both to start sucking each other and he wanted us to
      both cum at the same time. Beth stuck her tongue in my pussy and I did
      the same to her. Master told us to work those tongues and get each other
      off. We were now moving our tongues in and out of each other as fast as
      we could. We told us he now wanted to see us cum in each other's mouths.
      We both started cuming at the same time and we could hear all the men laughing
      at us. If I was going to be forced to eat pussy, I was glad it was going
      to be someone I loved. I know Beth felt the same way.    
 Master told us to get some rest now before the party started.
      I opened my mouth and Beth did the same thing. We buried our mouths in
      each other's pussies and closed our eyes to get some rest. We got to lie
      there for several hours before the guests started arriving. Master told
      us we have to get ready for the party and we will be taken to the pissing
      room. We were unlocked from each other and told to stand up. As a worker
      was getting ready to lead us out, master stopped him and told him to shave
      all the hair of the new bitch for the party. He told him to even take off
      her eyebrows like the first bitch.   
 We were taken to our pissing room and I was to go first. As I
      was being lifted off the floor, I could see the other worker placing Beth
      in a chair in the corner of the room. She was locked down to it and told
      to sit still. He brought out some sheers and started sheering her hair
      off. She didn't move any at all as he was doing this. I was removed from
      the chain and lead over to watch Beth get her head shaved now. The worker
      spread shaving cream all over her head and above her eyes and took out
      a straight razor. He shaved off her eyebrows first. He then started shaving
      her head. He told her tomorrow he would remove it permanently. He also
      told her every hair on her body would be removed never to grow back again.
      He told her she will look just like her bitch whore sister then. She didn't
      even look up at him. After all her hair was shaved, she was to take her
      piss and get cleaned up for the party. We were taken back to the main room
      where our master was still sitting in his chair.   
 He told us to sit down on each side of him and be still. We did
      as asked. He reached over and grabbed Beth's breasts and started squeezing
      them. She didn't move a muscle. She was stronger than I thought she would
      be. The guest was all here by this time. Master made an announcement he
      had a new bitch he wanted to get broke in tonight. He told everyone she
      was my sister. He asked that everyone strip down and get drunk. He said
      he wanted to really party tonight and he wanted everyone drunk. We watched
      as everyone took off their clothes and started drinking. We heard some
      music starting to play and we knew it was going to be a long night. Master
      told a worker to bring out two spreader bars and get his new bitch strung
      up. Beth was to be the first to get fucked tonight. She was placed in the
      two spreader bars in the center of the room and master told the men to
      line up and get started. I was taken to her and told to sit on the floor
      next to her so I could catch all the cum. The men were starting to line
      up by now. There were more people there tonight than I have ever seen at
      a party. The first man walked up to her and lined his dick up with her
      pussy. He plunged deep into her and started pumping. I had to sit there
      and watch her get fucked. The man fucked her about three minutes before
      he shot his cum in her. I was told to clean her up. I stuck my mouth to
      her pussy and started sucking. I was glad to get the cum because I was
      getting hungry. I moved away from her and two men were now ready to fuck
      her pussy and ass at the same time. They both lined up and shoved their
      dicks in her at the same time. I could tell this was a strain on her but
      I also know she is real strong now and can take it. These men were fucking
      her as hard as they could and the fucked her for over ten minutes. I came
      in and again sucked her pussy and ass dry. She was now getting ready to
      fuck this one man that has a bigger dick than our master has. He lined
      up with her pussy and shoved his entire dick in with one shove. He was
      starting to pump and I saw our master walk over to her ass. He told the
      man he wanted to fuck her ass while he was fucking her pussy. He laughed
      and said the more the merrier. Master shoved his entire fifteen inches
      in her ass and now they were both fucking her as hard as they could. I
      thought she was going to pass out when the man in front noticed her. He
      stopped fucking for a second and told master what was happening. He told
      him to slap her across the face hard to get her attention and he did. She
      responded to the slap and opened her eyes again. Master asked the man if
      he would like for the bitch to do all the work and he said sure. Master
      told the man to shove his dick in as far as it would go and hold it there.
      After he was buried in her, master pulled his dick out to the tip and told
      Beth to start fucking them like a good whore should. She started rocking
      her hips back to bury masters dick and back to the front to bury he other
      mans dick. They both stood real still and I heard master tell Beth to move
      faster. She started fucking them with all she had. This went on for over
      twenty minutes. I could hear them both starting to moan and I knew they
      were getting ready to fill her pussy and ass with their cum. They both
      seemed to cum at the same time. As they were cuming, they both shoved their
      dicks in as far as they would go and held them there.    
 Master called me to get ready to have dinner. Master pulled out
      of her ass and I started sucking his cum out. I had her ass clean and I
      moved around to her pussy waiting for this man to pull out. As soon as
      he got his dick out of her, I stuck my mouth over her pussy and started
      sucking. I got every drop and I could see she was getting weak. Master
      told four more men to fuck her and then it will be my turn to get gang
      fucked and Beth to clean me up. She was gang fucked by four more men and
      I would clean her after each fuck.    
 Master told a worker it was my turn to get the dicks and her turn
      to get her supper. Beth was taken down and had her hands locked behind
      her again. At least the chain wasn't put on her hands to her neck. I replaced
      her on the spreader bars and master told everyone this bitch can fuck all
      night long. He told them to get started. As the first two men started fucking
      my pussy and ass, I heard master tell Beth to get ready to clean up her
      bitch sister. She got on her knees and was ready to get the cum. She dived
      right in after the first two finished fucking me and sucked me dry. She
      would take her tongue and gently rub my clit to make me feel better. It
      did too. I was fucked over twenty times both in the pussy and in my ass.
      Beth drank every drop and acted like she wanted more. Master saw how see
      was acting and called for a break. I was removed from the spreader bars
      and told to sit down next to Beth for a dick eating frenzy. Master asked
      for the men to come over for a blowjob from both his bitches. The men started
      lining up again. We were side by side and both of us were sucking dicks
      one after the other. By the time we had finished giving blowjobs, I know
      we each had sucked at least fifty dicks each. I was getting real full by
      now and I know Beth had to be full also.    
 
  Master told us we could take a piss break and get ready for some more dicks
        in a minute. I thought we were to be taken to the pissing room when I
        heard master tell us we were going to have to piss in each others mouth
        and drink every drop. Beth was told to lie down and get ready for some
        hot piss. She lies down and master told me to piss in her mouth. I lined
        my pussy up with her mouth and started pissing. It took everything she
        had to get it all down. I really had to piss badly. I finished pissing
        and master told me to get ready to drink her piss. Master told her to
        get on top of me and start pissing. She also did as she was told. I had
        no problem getting it all down because my master pisses more than Beth
        did.    
 Master told the women in the crowd it was their turn to get the
      pussy. We were both tied to the rings in the floor with our legs spread
      wide and the women started on us. I tried to watch Beth as she eating out
      the pussies and she was doing a real good job. She could get the women
      off in just a few minutes. It was taking me a lot longer. At least we didn't
      have to do anything but move our heads to the pussies.    
 After the women finished with us, two workers came over and unlocked
      us and told us we can go to bed now. I was wondering where we were going
      to sleep. We were led up to our master's bedroom and a worker told Beth
      to lie down on the floor. It was then I noticed the hook in the floor was
      moved. There were four hooks on the floor now. He told her to stand still
      while he unlocked her hands. After he finished with this, he told her to
      lie in between the hooks and spread her arms and legs to each hook. She
      did as he told her and he locked her spread-eagled to them. He unlocked
      my arms and told me to lay down on top of her with my mouth at her pussy
      and to spread my arms and legs also. He locked me to the hooks like he
      had Beth. I was now facing her pussy. He pulled out two little padlocks
      and locked my nose ring to her clit ring and her nose ring to my clit ring.
      He walked out of the room and our master walked in and started laughing.
      He told us this is the way we will sleep every night unless he has other
      plans.    
 He told us we did real well tonight and he was proud of us. He
      told use to start eating each outer out until we made each one cum. We
      started licking each other's clits. Beth started biting down on mine and
      I knew this was a trick she had been taught by her last master. It really
      turned me on. I took my gums and started doing the same thing to her clit.
      We both cum about the same time. Master told us I we had to piss, we are
      to piss in each others mouth and we had better not spill any on his floor.
      He told us to get some sleep because he was going to get Beth tattooed
      and her teeth pulled tomorrow. He also told us we would have our ears cut
      off tomorrow so get ready for some major pain. He went to bed and I felt
      Beth licking my clit again. I started on her also. We sucked each other
      for over an hour before we went to sleep. It was hard to get to sleep with
      my sister's pussy locked to my mouth. We did finally fall asleep.    
 Our master woke us and told us today was going to be a busy day.
      He said a worker would be in to unlock us in a little bit. As I was waking
      up, I had to yawn and as I opened my mouth, Beth's pussy was forced deep
      into my mouth. I felt her trying to pull off of it but the lock that held
      her pussy to my nose wouldn't give. I could feel her starting to lick my
      clit and I knew she was trying to relax me. I started licking hers to.    
 A worker came in and saw what we were doing and he started to
      laugh. We stopped and he took the locks off our nose rings. He unlocked
      our hands and feet and told us to stand up. As we stood up, he relocked
      our hands behind our backs and grabbed our leashes and started leading
      us down stairs. Our master was standing at the far end of the room as we
      entered. He told the worker it was time for our breakfast because we had
      a long day ahead of us. There were seven workers plus our master in the
      room. Master told the worker to start feeding us. He told him to let the
      new bitch eat first. Beth was brought to the center of the room were four
      workers were sitting down with their pants at their ankles. Beth was told
      to start eating. She got on her knees and stuck the first dick in her mouth.
      She was sucking him as hard as she could. He cum in her mouth after just
      a few minutes. She crawled over to the next man and got started on him.
      After she finished with all four men, master asked her if she was still
      hungry because she will not have a chance to eat anymore until suppertime.
      She shook her head yes. Master told the four men she had eaten to piss
      in her mouth to fill her up. She had to now take their limp dicks back
      in her mouth and let them piss in it.    
 She was told to sit down while I had my breakfast. I was really
      hungry so it didn't take me long to get started with the three other workers.
      They each cum in my mouth and when they were finished cuming, they pissed
      in my mouth also. I still had one more to blow. It was our master. I was
      used to his dick by now so I buried his dick into the back of my throat
      and started sucking. He didn't cum as fast this morning like he normally
      does. It took him over ten minutes to shot his cum out. He finished by
      pissing in my mouth. He told the workers to take us to the pissing room
      and get us ready. After we were finished pissing, we were being lead out
      the front door to the little building where the tattooing will be done
      to Beth.   
 We were now in the building and master followed us in. He told
      a worker to tie me to a chair in front of where Beth was going to be tattooed.
      It didn't take them long to have me secured where I couldn't move. Beth
      was now tied to a table right in front of me with her arms and legs spread
      wide and locked with padlocks. Master told me to watch every move that
      was done to my bitch sister and not to look away. He told the workers to
      get started but first give the bitch a big drink of whiskey before they
      started. A bottle was brought to her lips and she was told to drink as
      much as she could drink. The bottle was lifted up and she started swallowing
      as much as she could drink. The worker told her after she had drank about
      half of it to take one more big drink because this will help with the pain
      you are getting ready to be put in. She finished off the bottle.    
 Master told the workers to let the whiskey take affect and he
      left the building. Beth lies there for over ten minutes when a worker told
      her she was ready to be made pretty. They were going to start by permanently
      removing all her hair. The same jell was applied to her entire body as
      was done to me. They took the machine that looked like an ultra sound machine
      and started rubbing it over the jell. They told Beth after this was finished;
      she would never be able to grow any hair anywhere on her body. They started
      with her legs and moved up her body until they had finished with her baldhead.    
 It was now time for the tattoos to be placed on her body. The
      first on they did was the big dick on her stomach. They started right in
      between her titties just like they did to me. The next ones to be put on
      her were her arms. The worker kept coming over to where I was tied to make
      sure he got them in the exact spot I had mine. The worker told Beth she
      was looking good but he has only just started. He did her legs next. The
      other worked now handed him the gun that had the red ink in it. I knew
      her pussy was next. He again looked at my pussy to make sure to get it
      right and he started putting the words FUCK ME and the heart right above
      her pussy crack. He told the other worker he was going to put the word
      slave on each one of her hands while he had the red ink gun. It didn't
      take him very long to do these.    
 He was handed another tattoo gun with blue ink in it and he tattooed
      the words SUCK ME above each breast just like mine. The workers unlocked
      her and turned her over on her stomach to do the back of her legs and the
      big dick flower on her back. It took him longer to do this one than it
      did for him to do mine. He was handed the red ink gun again and he tattooed
      the words FUCK ME on her feet just like mine. She was unlocked only to
      be put on the chair with the big wooden dildos that was inserted in her
      pussy and ass. After she was securely fastened to the chair, He took the
      tattoo gun and started with the big dick on her head. We had been in there
      over three hours by now. All the tattooing was finished. One worker brought
      a mirror over to Beth and told her to look at how pretty she was now. As
      she looked in the mirror, she almost pasted out. They threw some cold water
      on her and told her she still had a long way to go before he was done with
      her.    
 She was unlocked from the chair and taken to the X rack and locked
      spread-eagled to it, as I have been several times. A worker told her it
      was now time to have the rest of her rings inserted in her breasts and
      her eyebrows. He brought in the nail that does the piercing and he started
      with her right nipple. He stuck the nail through it and moved it back and
      forth to make the hole big enough for the ring to fit. He removed the nail
      and inserted the ring. He took a pair of pliers and closed it shut. He
      pierced her left nipple the same way and put the ring in it. He next moved
      to her right eyebrow. The ring was inserted in it and the left eyebrow
      was next. After he finished with the rings, he got the little torch and
      melted the gold shut so they could not be removed. He told her she would
      not have to have the earrings put in because she will not have ears in
      a little while and he started laughing.   
 She was removed from the X rack and again placed in the chair
      and relocked. He told her she would get an injection to put her to sleep
      while her teeth are being pulled. He stuck the needle in her arm and she
      was soon asleep. I was forced to watch while they took a pair of pliers
      and pulled each tooth. He took a needle and thread and applied her stitched
      to her gums. She had another shot given to her and this one woke her up.
      I could see her take her tongue and feel around her mouth where her teeth
      used to be.    
 He told her there was only one more thing to do to make her a
      twin to her bitch sister. He told her she was to be branded now. He told
      her the word BITCH will be branded on her left ass cheek and SLAVE on her
      right one. She was removed from her chair and they locked her back down
      to the table. I could smell the hot irons being brought in. A worker took
      a marker and carefully marked where he wanted the branding irons to be
      placed. He told her he was going to count to three and on three, he was
      going to put the hot irons on her ass cheeks at the same time and they
      will be left there for five second and removed.    
 He started counting. One, two, Three. I could smell her ass flesh
      burning as he held them on her for five seconds. He removed the irons and
      he rubbed some salve on the fresh brands. He told her she could rest for
      an hour before our ears are cut off. She closed her eyes and pasted out.
      The two workers who had tortured Beth were now horny. One worker told the
      other to have me unlocked and told me to lie on the floor and spread my
      legs wide. I was unlocked and I quickly got on the floor and the one worker
      dropped his pants and fell on top of me. He shoved his dick in my pussy
      and started fucking me. He was fucking me harder than he ever has before.
      As he was fucking me, he was telling me he got real horny as he was playing
      with my bitch sister. He pumped his dick for over five minutes before he
      shot his cum into me. The other worker was now ready to shove his dick
      in me to. They didn't let the first workers cum fall out of me before the
      second one was ramming his dick deep in my pussy. I shot his cum in and
      the first worker now had the cup ready to catch both of their cum from
      my pussy. The cup was placed under me and I filled it up. It was lifted
      to my lips and I drank it.   
 I was again locked back in the chair and told to get ready to
      have my ears cut off. He told me we still had about an hour felt so I had
      also better get some rest. We got to rest for what seemed over an hour
      when a worker took some cold water and threw it on Beth to wake her up.
      She was taken off of the table and forced to sit in a chair as they locked
      her to it. We were again facing each other. She could see by the expression
      on my face that she now was a freak show. I had to keep reminding myself
      that at least we will be together from now on.    
 One worker looked at me and told me to shake my head yes if I
      wanted my ears cut off first. I wanted to give Beth as much time to rest
      as I could so I shook my head yes. He told me he was going to give each
      one of my ears an injection that would completely numb them so I wouldn't
      have to feel the knife cutting on me. He stuck a needle in my right ears
      first. It really stung badly. He did the same thing to my left ear. He
      told me he was going to pinch my ears real hard and if I didn't feel hin
      doing it, I was to shake my head no. He started pinching and I couldn't
      feel anything. He told me he was now going to cut them off. He told Beth
      to watch him as he did it. He took the knife and quickly cut off my right
      ear all the way down to my head. He moved to my left ear and cut it off
      the same way. I couldn't feel anything but I noticed Beth had pasted out
      again. He laughed at her and then he heard up my ears to show me they were
      no longer on my head. My earrings were still on the earlobes. He held a
      mirror to my face and told me to look at myself. I really looked like a
      freak now. By this time, I really didn't care what they did to me. I am
      not a woman anymore and I knew it. Beth and I are nothing more than a sex
      toy for our master. The worker told me before he again had to wake Beth
      up the reason our ears were cut off. He said that was part of the bet our
      master had made. He said that without ears, no one would ever want to buy
      us as their slaves. He told me we should be thankful that my bitch sisters
      former master had kicked her after our master told her not to or our eardrums
      would have had to be removed to.    
 The worker threw more water on Beth and she woke up and looked
      at me. I thought she was going to pass out again when a worker told her
      if she did, she would be strung upside down and spread-eagled for the rest
      of the day. He took the needle and gave her the same shots I had been given.
      He told her he was going to pinch her ears and if she couldn't feel it,
      shake her head no. He started pinching them and she shook her head no.
      He took the knife to her right ear and with one movement, her ear was gone.
      He moved to her left ear and did the same thing. She didn't even move a
      muscle. The worker told us we now looked like twin bitchs and by tonight,
      we will be ready for all the dicks our master has lined up for us.   
 Our master walked in to check out his new bitch and saw our ears
      had already been cut off. He looked at us and told us that he really didn't
      like us without ears but our pussies and asses are the same. He said also
      don't forget about your mouths. He told the workers to take us to the pissing
      room and lock us together like we were last night so we can get some rest
      for the party.   
 We were taken back to the main house and to our pissing room.
      A worker told Beth to lie down on the floor and spread her legs and arms.
      She lay down and he put the spreader bars on her hands and feet and locked
      them to the floor. He told me to get on top of her in the sixty-nine position
      and he was going to lock my hands to her feet and my feet to her hands.
      I got on top of her as I was told to and I was again locked to her with
      my pussy to her mouth and her pussy to my mouth. He put the locks back
      on my nose ring and locked it to her clit ring. He did the same thing to
      Beth. He told us if we wanted to eat each other out until the party started,
      go right ahead. Both workers left the room and shut the door. I wanted
      to try to relax Beth as much as I could after all she has been through
      today so I stuck my tongue on her clit and started licking. She did the
      same to me and we were now both deep into our passion on each other. We
      both cum at the same time. I could feel her juices running into my mouth
      so I sucked as hard as I could. She did the same. We both fell asleep with
      our pussies in each other's mouth.   
 We got to sleep for several hours before our master walked in
      the room. He told a worker to get us cleaned up and brought to the main
      room. He also told us that if we had to piss, we had better piss in each
      other's mouth before we were unlocked. I started pissing first and Beth
      did after I was finished. We were now forced to drink each other's piss.
      We were unlocked only to be relocked to the overhead chain. This time,
      we were both locked to it at the same time. We were lifted in the air and
      a worker took the hose and started washing us. We were lowered to the floor
      and unlocked only to have our hands relocked behind our backs. We were
      lead to the main room.   
 As we walked in, we saw there were over a hundred men and women
      there for this party. We were told to sit down on the floor by our master
      and wait. Master told us both he wanted us totally drunk for tonight's
      party. A worker came over and forced us both to drink almost a full bottle
      of whiskey each. It didn't take long until we were both drunk. Master told
      the guest he was going to have a special show before the fucking was to
      start. He told his guests that after the show was over, I would like everyone
      here, both men and women, to fuck both my bitchs at least once each or
      more if you can. He said he wanted to have our pussies and asses so wide
      by the end of the party that you could drive a car in them.    
 He said the special show was about to begin. He told a worker
      to get two spreader bars and bring them to the center of the room. He told
      me to lie on the floor and spread my arms and legs as far as I could. A
      worker unlocked my arms and I lay down. He quickly   
had me spread-eagled to the spreader bars. He told Beth to get
      on top in the usual position and get ready for the party of her life. Her
      hands were unlocked and she got on top of me in the sixty-nine position
      and they locked her hands to my feet and her feet to my hands. A chain
      was attached to the spreader bar at my head and we were raised completely
      off the floor. A worker put the locks on our nose rings and locked them
      to each other's pussies. Master told us to start eating each other out
      with all we had.    
 We both started sucking each other's pussies as we heard people
      laughing. Master told anyone that wanted to beat us with a horsewhip, to
      come over. People started lining up to beat us. Two men were each handed
      a whip and they both started beating us at the same time. Master told us
      if we stopped eating each other doing the beating, he would have us beat
      until we died. We started eating each other even harder as we were both
      being beat. We were beaten for over an hour by at least fifty different
      people before we were taken down. There wasn't a spot on either one of
      our bodies except our breasts and stomachs that wasn't beaten.   
 Beth was locked to two spreader bars and raised off the floor.
      They spread-eagled me the same way and I was also raised off the floor.
      We were about three feet apart facing each other. Our master told everyone
      to strip naked and get started fucking his bitch's as hard as you can.
      Two men came over to me and both shoved their dicks in me at the same time.
      One in my ass and the other in my pussy. I watched and two men were fucking
      Beth at the same time to.    
 We are now both going to have to be whores for our master and
      his guests and will have to be beaten all the time and fucked until we
      are no longer fit to be fucked. The only thing I have to live for is my
      sister Beth and the possible chance for us to escape to freedom. Freedom
      will be a very slim chance but if we have that chance, WE WILL RUN!!!!!!!!   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Randy the Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





