BDSM Library - The Things We Do For Love




The Things We Do For Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The wages/rewards  of lust and  envy. Can Jackie Richard and the lovely Julie work out there issues and find true happiness? Why not it's fiction.The Things We Do For Love   
(When lust wants to have her way with envy, things
      are bound to get a little hot)   
   
Richard and I are still in love after seven years of marriage. We've have
  an imaginative sex life with lots of fantasy and role playing. More often than
  not our games involve Richard in charge. It still sends a shiver through me
  when he takes control, ties me up, and ravishes me. For Richard it's a game.
  but when I feel his throbbing palm print on my blushing bottom I know I'm the
  center of his world.  
I also know a few girls from work who are gay. Richard encourages me to bring
  them home now and then. None of them are interested in a threesome but one
  girl doesn't mind if he watches. That always makes him hot.  
For our seventh anniversary we decided to post a personal ad on a local alternative
  lifestyle website.  
"couple seeking experienced bi f sub from capital region for fun, games with
  24/7 possibility contact Rich *@*"  
It generated spam some amusing photos and a few requests for airfare.  
Julie was the first person from the local area to answer our ad. She sounded
  pretty normal in her e-mail so we set up a dinner date at a little Tai restaurant
  in Falls Church Village. Virginia. She was waiting by the door when we arrived.
  She wore a short black skirt and plain white peasant blouse, off the shoulders.
  She wore no jewelry or obvious makeup. She was a little older than me but quite
  pretty.  
" You must be Julie  ?" Richard queried  
" Yes, and you are Richard, Sir?." She responded eyes lowered.  
Richard nodded, " This is Jackie  ." He said, presenting
  me to our potential sex slave.  
Not knowing much about the etiquette you follow in these situations I held
  out my hand. after a moments hesitation she took it. We shook hands a little
  too briskly, both of us unsure, and a bit nervous.  
She was on the petite side, but well curved in all the right places. She
  had short black hair cut in a fashionable bob. When she spoke she had an adorable
  southern accent. I knew right away we'd found our perfect anniversary present.  
We went into the restaurant. Richard had made reservations for a quiet table
  in the back. He ordered for us all and as the waiters brought a procession
  of spicy dishes we settled down, getting to know a little about the lady who
  might want to belong to us. Richard directed the inquiry and she answered his
  questions without hesitation. She had some experience. She had been trained
  and owned for two years by a Master. She was left behind when he was transferred
  overseas. That was four months ago. Her attempts to find a new Master had been
  disastrous. Friends from a chat room told her to try finding a couple, it was
  safer.  
She freely admitted she had little experience with other women. Her former
  Master had shared her mostly with men. She told us she had only been with a
  women twice, but she was willing to learn if that was what her Master required.
  She assured us she was clean and healthy and even showed us a notarized statement
  from her doctor stating that as of her most recent examination, on August 12 th  ,
  she was STD free.  
Everything seemed to be going well and Richard seemed quite taken with her
  looks and charm. We agreed to meet in town Friday night to see what developed.
  He paid the bill and we headed toward the parking lot.  
" Did Master wish to inspect me?" Julie asked once we were outside.  
Her words in that sweet lilting voice just melted my heart.  
" Where?  ". Richard asked a little hastily.  
" I can kneel in the back of my car. No one else will see."  
She pressed a button on her key ring and the lights began to flash on a large
  black BMW. I started toward the car eager to see our new toy unwrapped. Richard
  put a hand on my shoulder restraining me.  
" It can wait until next time  ." Richard said coldly.  
" Did I offend you Master?" Julie asked.  
" You're presumptuous. I haven't agreed to be your Master  ." Richard
  said harshly.  
" Please, forgive me, Sir."  
I could almost hear her sob as she fled to her car: She started it, and drove
  away. Damn it she was perfect and I wanted her. Richard was going to blow this
  if he kept acting like an ass. What could be bugging him anyway, I wondered,
  everything had seemed to be going well.  
" So what went wrong?" I asked as we drove back home.  
" Didn't you see what she was driving? That was an BMW 745I. You
      could buy our condo for the price of that.  "  
" and your point?"  
&quot; Like that would really work out. A sub tooling around in
      that while her Master pulls up in his three year old Neon  ."  
" Well if you whip her hard enough maybe she'll let you borrow the keys."  
Richard scowled and I knew I'd gone too far. My bottom tingled with dreadful
  anticipation as we drove home in silence.  
Richard was in no mood for games, He was truly angry. I was desperate. I
  wanted to make sure he would meet with her again. I apologized with all the
  sincerity I could muster and then got down to work. It's amazing how compliant
  a man becomes when you kneel in front of him and take his cock half-way down
  your throat.  
We met her Friday evening at the Metro station on the Mall. This time she
  wore a simple sun dress with a light floral print. It wasn't quite seven. The
  three of us strolled down the mall toward the Lincoln Memorial, the sinking
  sun turned the reflecting pool orange.  
Julie was pensive, knowing something had changed, but unsure what she had
  done wrong. Richard asked her about her job; what she made; if she liked her
  work. She headed an HR department for a defense contractor. " A Head Hunter," she
  said with a grin. That was how she had met her last Master. Her annual salary
  was comfortably into six figures, and more than Richard and I made combined.
  She liked her work but assured Richard she would give it up in a heartbeat
  if her Master asked her to. I noticed she eyed him hungrily when she used the
  word Master.  
We had followed the path along the southern side of the reflecting pool.
  Richard led us further south into the thin strip of woods heading toward the
  tidal basin. We came upon a small rotunda, not even ten feet wide, seemingly
  abandoned among the trees There was no one nearby. The light was fading and
  we could hear the traffic rush by on Independence Drive not thirty feet away.  
" Strip  ." Richard said, his voice cold and hard.  
My hands trembled and I almost reached for my own neckline. Julie pulled
  her dress up and over her head in a smooth motion, and let it drop to the ground.
  She wore nothing underneath. I gazed at her naked body with ravenous eyes.
  She crossed her wrists, lifted them, and leaned forward to press them against
  a white stone column. Her ass wiggled provocatively as she spread her legs.  
She looked so vulnerable in the twilight, her pale naked body poised, waiting
  to be inspected. I pressed against her, one leg forcing itself between hers.
  She ground her hips back against me and my hands reached around her, my fingers
  brushing across her hairless mons. My hand glided lower , her lips were wet
  and open. A protruding nub of flesh rubbed slyly across my palm. Good lord!,
  she lived for this. My hands swept upward lifting her breasts, assessing their
  fullness. They were small, firm, perky, her enticing nipples hard even before
  my touch. She tilted her head backward resting it against my shoulder, her
  mouth open in a soundless moan. I leaned down the tip of my tongue flicking
  against her exposed neck. She shivered.  
" Enough."   Richard    said, this
  time he was definitely addressing me.  
Reluctantly I backed away.  
He stepped toward her and she whimpered in anticipation. His hand brushed
  against her bottom and she lowered her head biting down on her lip. Her hips
  wiggled a bit as if searching for his hand. He lightly slapped her rump and
  she groaned pitifully. God what a slut.  
" I said enough,"   but his voice wasn't quite as harsh
  now " Now get dressed."   
We wandered back to the reflecting pool and followed it around to the north
  side heading back toward the Washington Monument. I spoke of what would be
  expected. She would learn to service me and she would be a willing and enthusiastic
  participant. Richard said little but I was sure I could convince him. I really
  had to have her. It was a delightful irony that we were discussing the duties
  of a modern slave under the marble eyes of the Lincoln's statue.  
We agreed that she would have us over for tea on Sunday afternoon. She gave
  us her address and directions to her home in the suburbs northwest of Arlington.
  We walked her to the Metro station then headed home ourselves.  
Saturday dragged on endlessly and I went to bed early. I was up at six Sunday
  morning though we wouldn't be leaving until after one. I tried my best to get
  Richard into a receptive mood. I could still rouse his interest with a sassy
  shake of my ass. Soon I was squirming on his lap while he brightened my bottom.
  From there it was a short drop to my hands and knees and he was eagerly pumping
  into me from behind. Afterwards I cheerfully cooked him breakfast as his cum
  dribbled down my inner thigh. He had his Sunday morning breakfast in bed for
  the first time in weeks.  
Richard was quiet on the drive out to her house. I suddenly realized just
  how compact the Neon was. The directions were easy to follow and the neighborhood
  was almost rural. She greeted us at the door wearing nothing but a green silk
  shirt. She removed that as soon as we were inside. My mouth began to water.  
Her house was set back from the road on a lightly wooded acre. It was a three
  bedroom cape with a large living room that had a huge fireplace taking up an
  entire wall. The decor was tastefully contemporary with souvenirs from around
  the world, tokens from her former owner.  
She grinned mischievously as she lead us to the basement. Behind a second
  door was a fully furnished play room. All the toys Richard and I had ever dreamed
  of; stocks, a rack, a horse, even a St. Andrews cross forming a giant X in
  the center of the room. Shackles hung from walls and ceiling. It was like Christmas
  in September. One wall was covered with pegboard and held an assortment of
  whips, paddles, and restraints. It was all I could do not to whoop for joy.  
The back yard was surrounded by a nine foot high stockade fence for added
  privacy. Julie assured us that the neighbors would never think of prying. It
  wasn't that kind of neighborhood. As if to prove the point she took us out
  to the back porch and , still naked, she served us tea. We sat cross-legged
  by a low table while Julie ritualistically prepared green tea. She boiled water
  on a hibachi and used a bamboo whisk to stir the tea leaves in an ancient clay
  teapot. She served the tea in tiny ceramic teacups and served cute little sesame
  cookies. She knelt respectfully to the side while we drank and ate.  
I was in heaven. This place was perfect, she was perfect, I was ready to
  pack up and move in. Richard had that look half-way between a scowl and a sulk.
  Julie was aware that we had a small problem but she hadn't quite figured it
  out yet. God! men can be such asses when their egos get in the way.  
" Julie, maybe we could try some of the toys downstairs." I suggested  
" If you wish ... Mistress?" not quite sure how to address me.  
" Mistress will be fine." I said. It had a nice ring to it.  
The three of us descended the stairs and I arranged the darling girl on the
  low stocks. She knelt bending over a padded leather bench. I enclosed her hands
  and neck in the wooden stocks and latched it. I looked over at Richard, he
  had let me play with women in the past, he enjoyed watching. This time his
  face was carefully neutral. I went over to the pegboard and selected a wide
  wooden paddle. My fingers scraped across her dainty little bottom. Julie squirmed
  but didn't speak. The stocks held her head so she couldn't see me. I squatted
  down in front of her and showed her the paddle I had selected .  
" How many can you take." I asked her. She was silent for a moment &hellip; calculating.  
" A few dozen Mistress, it's been a long time."  
That should stir his interest.  
I set the paddle down in front of her. Her eyes flickered between the paddle
  and me. I lifted her chin and kissed her fully before I stepped back. Looking
  into Julie's dark eyes, I slowly stripped off my blouse, then my skirt. She
  squirmed on the bench. I peeled down my panties and stood before her naked
  but for my shoes and socks. She licked her upper lip, her eyes glued to my
  naked sex. I picked up the paddle, standing close to her. My pussy inches from
  her face. Could she smell Richard on me? Her eyes held dread and anticipation
  as they darted between the paddle and my sex&hellip;  
I disappeared from her view moving behind her.  
She yelped with the first whack and kept right on yelping and wiggling while
  I gave her twenty-four of my best. I'd never done this and it was getting me
  hot. I kept my eye on Richard. He was about to split his Dockers. Julie was
  sniffling when I finished and her bottom was glowing. I dropped the paddle
  and went over to Richard.  
I knelt before my love and stroked his hardness through the pants.  
He was more than interested.  
I hungrily loosened his pants letting them drop to the floor. I leaned forward
  inhaling his aroma. His hand caressed the back of my head as his throbbing
  penis strained toward my mouth,  
" Why don't you stuff that into her." I said huskily " The little whore deserves
  it."  
Richard looked a little surprised that I would encourage that.  
" I didn't even bring a condom."   He said, still pushing
  toward my lips.  
" It's alright Ma ..um    Sir." Julie sounded a little
  too eager "I've been fixed., or you could, you know &hellip; my bottom&hellip; " she
  blushed as her voice trailed off.  
Yeah, she thought of everything, the coy little bitch.. Richard gave me a
  kiss and then knelt behind her. She groaned and carried on while he rode her
  burning ass. I watched it all my fingers flickering anxiously across my pussy
  while my husband, lover and sometimes Master screwed the woman I was going
  to make our slave. Richard groaned as he climaxed, sated and content.  
Richard and I dressed and the three of us went back upstairs. We relaxed
  in the living room. Richard sitting back content and Julie kneeling by his
  feet cupping her chin on his knee.  
"You would of course be welcome to live here." Julie offered.  
Shit! Exactly the wrong thing to say. Richard grimaced. With a wag of her
  tongue she destroyed everything I was building.  
" No Master can live off the generosity of his slave."   Richard
  stated flatly.  
" I could sell this place, or rent it. I'll do wherever you want."  
Damn it! The trouble with subs is they never stick up for themselves.  
" We have a two bedroom condo, I don't think it would work with
      the three of us."   
" Let's not get carried away." I piped in quickly. " No one needs to move
  anywhere yet. Why don't we just spend some time getting to know each other
  before we think about those kind of arrangements."  
It sounded so reasonable and it kept my hopes alive. We agreed to meet next
  weekend. We had each other's phone numbers. We'd keep in touch.  
" Don't worry, I'll work on him. He'll come around." I whispered to Julie
  as we left.  
In our seven years of marriage we've only had a dozen real fights. We were
  out of practice. Yes she was cute. Yes the house was lovely. A Playroom would
  be great, but no he wasn't going to be a kept man period, and certainly not
  kept by a slave. What would that make him? I tried logic; I tried cunning;
  I tried sex. When my man want's to be stubborn you just can't budge him. By
  Tuesday I had had it. I called Julie from work and we agreed to meet that evening.  
I rushed home early and left Richard a note, then threw some cloths into
  an overnight bag. I took the Metro out to the Vienna/Fairfax station. Julie
  picked me up and I sat in the back while she drove. It really was a nice car.
  Why do men always complicate things?  
I had Julie strip slowly for me when we reached her place. When she was naked
  she knelt before me and shyly offered me a plain brown shopping bag.  
" For you, Mistress." She said in a sweet sultry voice.  
She had given me a leather collar and a leash. I immediately placed them
  around her neck. There was a strap-on in the bag too. A brute of a thing ten
  inches long and really thick. There was a vibrating egg on my side of the harness.
  Yeah the little bitch thought of everything.  
" Will Mas.. err Richard, ahh, Sir be joining us."  
He certainly had her flustered. It wasn't any of her damn business how Richard
  spent his time. That reminded me, I owed her a good whipping for drooling all
  over my man.  
" He wants you to learn how to take care of me before we get too far along." I
  told her.  
I allowed her to undress me. Her hands were so soft and delicate as they
  peeled my blouse and skirt away. She stroked my breasts for a few moments before
  pulling my bra off. She lowered me down onto the couch and her tongue made
  a few tentative licks at my nipple before pulling it into her mouth. Her free
  hand caressed my pussy through my panties teasing my lips open. I had a firm
  grip on her head and I pushed it lower. Her teeth gently scrapped my nipple
  as it popped out of her mouth. I lifted my hips and she helped me wiggle out
  of my panties. She ran her tongue across my stirring clit and I groaned. Her
  tongue darted down, opening my thickening lips, I was throbbing. She wasn't
  sweet or delicate now. Her tongue lapped hungrily at my gaping lips and I ground
  myself against her face until the shuddering orgasm stilled me. I lay there
  breathless.  
" Is that what He want's me to learn?" she asked licking my cum from her
  lips.  
She was really trying to piss me off.  
" Let's go downstairs. I owe you a beating and we can try out my new toy."  
She led the way downstairs her naked butt bouncing eagerly toward its date
  with the whip. I placed her on the St Andrews cross. The leather restraints
  on the cross held her spread-eagled facing me while I perused the selection
  of whips. I approached her with a thin leather crop.  
" Please Mistress I have a meeting tomorrow morning, could you save that
  until Friday and use one of the cats tonight.?"  
She didn't seem worried or upset. Her request sounded reasonable, but I was
  beginning to get an inkling of Richards concerns.  
" We have a date for Friday then." I said putting the crop back and taking
  a light flogger.  
I gave her forty whacks, ten on each breast ten across the belly and the
  last ten alternating between her wide spread thighs. She didn't cry too loudly,
  but the tears flowed freely. When I was done I used the pulley system to lower
  the cross to the ground and then strapped on my new toy. I popped the egg into
  place and turned it on. I didn't have any lubricant so I knelt by the head
  of the cross and allowed her to lick the massive dildo. Her eye's seemed to
  bulge as she slathered it with her saliva.  
I released her legs from the cross before I entered her. She wrapped them
  around my waist, and then I fucked her. I mean I've played with dildos before
  and licked and kissed other women, when Richard allowed, but this was the first
  time I really fucked another woman. It was powerful. My hips glided with slow
  deep strokes as I watched her lovely face. Her eyelids fluttered and her lips
  quivered. My tempo increased, she started to sweat and pant. My final relentless
  jabs drove her onto, and then over the brink. It was only then that I remembered
  the egg vibrating against me. I came, and just like a man I collapsed on top
  of her.  
We showered together and she soaped, rinsed and dried me. I could get used
  to this. We sat at the kitchen table drinking coffee and talking into the wee
  hours. A couple of girls at a pajama free pajama party. The only real problem
  was she was defiantly hung up on Richard being included. I assured her I could
  make it happen. It was nearly three when we crawled off to bed. We slept in
  each others arms.  
Yeah Richard was pissed when I got home from work Thursday. I coyly tried
  to get him to spank me, to work out his anger. He wanted nothing to do with
  it. I told him it was his own damn fault. He was welcome to see Julie anytime
  but if he was going to throw her away simply because she made too much money
  I wasn't going to be that stupid. She was my slave and he could play with her
  but don't even think of keeping her away from me.  
OK so it wasn't a great start at convincing him to be Julie's Master, but
  I wasn't sure I was too hot on that idea anymore. There wasn't much point in
  telling him about my Friday night date. He was pissed enough already.  
He was home before me on Friday and we yelled at each other while I packed
  my overnight bag. I had thought about inviting him along but screw him if he
  was going to act like that. Julie picked me up again and we rode to her house
  in silence. I was fuming. I marched her downstairs as soon as we got there
  and made her strip. I pressed her back into the cross and buckled her in place.
  I suppose I should have used the crop on her back instead but I was in a bitchy
  mood.  
" You might want to gag me, I can scream quite loudly." She said in that
  cloying sweet voice.  
I answered her with a lash across the belly. She was right she was quite
  loud. I lashed her belly and thighs and breasts. The crop left delightful stripes
  that turned from pink to purple before my eyes. I didn't stop until my arm
  was tired. I'd excised a good deal of my anger and she'd fainted anyway. I
  released her and gently lowered her to the ground. I cradled her in my lap
  rocking her gently while she sobbed. When she was able to walk, I helped her
  up the stairs. She had a soothing ointment with a vaguely medicinal smell that
  I gently rubbed into all those nasty stripes. I made her dinner and fed her
  while she lay shivering on the couch. She nibbled bits of roast chicken and
  candied carrots from my hand. We split a bottle of white wine and talked the
  night away.  
The fourth time she brought up Richard's name I lost it.  
" Look." I said " You're my slave and Richard is my husband. He's not interested
  in you. If you please me I might get him to play with you once in a while but
  that's it."  
It was darn close to the truth.  
She was crestfallen. She fled from me, running up to her bedroom and slamming
  the door. Damn it now I was blowing it and it was all Richard's fault.  
I stood at outside my slave's bedroom talking to her through a closed door.  
" Nothing is chiseled in stone Julie. He might come around."  
" Why does he hate me Mistress?"  
I sighed. " He doesn't hate you, He's just a little, well, uncertain about
  ... you know, all the stuff you have and we're not really in your economic
  class."  
The door opened and she stood there with tears still dripping from her enormous
  brown eyes but a sly smile forming on her face.  
 Did I ever mention that slaves can be manipulative.  
She pulled me into the room and we flopped down on her bed. She chatted excitedly
  about how to assuage Richard's concerns. I knew better than to rain on this
  parade, I didn't want to risk losing her. She was, of course, willing to give
  it all up or even give it all to Richard if that would help. I patiently explained
  it was a male ego thing with Richard. He would definitely be put off by that.
  She had some peculiar ideas about men and in the end decided we would have
  to find some way to assure Richard we were first and foremost his and nothing
  else mattered. She was excitedly clutching at my hand almost bouncing on the
  bed and I had noticed the "we" her plans suddenly included. What real harm
  could it do, I thought and I let it slide. She slept on her side and I cuddled
  against her back.  
I woke about eight to find the insatiable little vixen daintily licking down
  between my legs. I pulled her head closer and rolled on top of her. I was kneeling
  over her facing her feet. I pushed myself down on her chin, riding her face.
  When I was finished she bounced out of bed and ran off to make my breakfast.
  Her stripes had started to fade. She seemed eager to get me back to the Metro
  station. A pushy little sub. Yeah, she was earning another flogging, on her
  back this time, maybe tomorrow. When she dropped me off at the station she
  asked if she could see me early on Sunday, say before eight.  
I dreaded facing Richard wondering what I'd say the whole ride home. When
  I got there he didn't say a thing. I expected some yelling or screaming. I
  kind of hoped for his hand on my backside or maybe even the belt. His ignoring
  me was just plain scary. I tried to talk to him about what I was trying to
  do with Julie. We could share her. Hell! hadn't I practically pushed him onto
  her. He didn't argue or fight or even sulk. He just gave me a shit eating grin
  and went about his business.  
Well two could play that game.  
A courier arrived at 4 P.M. and insisted that Richard sign for a package.
  I asked him what it was and he just smiled and locked the mailing tube away
  in his briefcase.  
Well fuck him!  
We slept in separate bedrooms for the first time since we were married. It
  didn't seem to faze him in the least. I set my alarm real early so I'd be gone
  before he woke up. When I quietly slipped down to the kitchen around six thirty
  he wasn't home. What the hell was he up to. Well it didn't really matter, I
  had better things to do today.  
Julie was waiting at the Metro and I hopped into her car. I noticed all she
  wore was a loosely tied silk robe. I was eager to get my hands on her and she
  seemed anxious to get home. Once we were through the door Julie dropped her
  robe. Her fingers trembled as she unbuttoned my blouse. She seemed as impatient
  as I was, she helped me out of my jeans and panties. Once I was naked she embraced
  me in a heartfelt hug.  
I wanted to take her right to the basement. She wanted to go out to the porch.  
"Please Mistress, there's something I want to show you."  
Impertinent little bitch she was definitely earning her stripes.  
She took me by the arm and lead me to the porch. What the hell, we had all
  day. It was chilly being naked outside this early in the morning.  
There was really nothing to see on the porch. A hibachi glowed on the low
  table and a dark leather ottoman stood nearby. We stood shivering by the ottoman.  
" Forgive me Mistress, but you should kneel."  
My jaw dropped in amazement. I couldn't be hearing right.  
" You're a guest in the lady's house you should do what she asks."   
I spun around, Richard was there leaning against the door frame my overnight
  bag in one hand, his briefcase in the other.  
There was no reason why I should feel guilty. He knew where I was. He could
  have come. That traitorous bitch was going to pay. I'd whip her bloody when
  I  
Her hands pressed down on my shoulders forcing me to my knees. She was a
  lot stronger than her size indicated.  
Richard spread my legs and strapped my thighs to the ottoman's legs. There
  were tears in Julie's eyes as she pinned my arms at my side. The little Judas
  kissed my cheek.  
" Please forgive me Mistress it was the only way."  
My knees were cinched to the bottom of the legs and then Richard was bending
  me forward. My arms were lashed under the ottoman squashing my breasts and
  pulling my shoulders down tight. A wide leather belt went around my waist and
  was drawn taunt. I couldn't even squirm. Turning my head to the side I stared
  in disbelief at the two of them. Richard went into the house. Julie opened
  his briefcase and pulled the mailing tube out. She was smiling.  
" You'll pay for this you double-crossing bitch."  
She turned to me with an impish grin.  
" Yes I'll pay Mistress, and you'll get to watch."  
My mouth was too dry to spit at her.  
Richard returned with a second ottoman and set it kitty corner to my own
  about two feet away. Julie knelt and offered him the mailing tube. He popped
  one end open and a two foot long rod slide out. It looked a bit like a barbecue
  tool; one end had a wooden handle but the other end seemed to be a circle of
  metal. Richard passed it before my eyes. It was a cursive R about an inch and
  a half high.  
He pushed the iron into the glowing coals.  
Oh my God! this couldn't be happening. Julie knelt by her ottoman and allowed
  Richard to bind her. She opened her mouth wide as he popped a ball gag into
  place. She turned her head to face me, her eyes pleading for forgiveness.  
I could see the iron heating in the coals. It was glowing red. Richard waited.
  He began to whistle a silly little ditty that would stick in my head for days.  
&quot;The things we do for love.&quot;   
The iron slowly brightened to an orange glow.  
Julie was making a mewling noise through her gag but I couldn't make any
  sense of it. Her eyes were still on me. She had to be terrified she somehow
  managed to look calm and accepting.  
Now the iron glowed white. Richard pulled on an oven mitt and lifted the
  brand from the coals. He knelt behind Julie patting her perfect little bottom
  one the last time. Her eyes flinch. Her bottom could do nothing but clench
  in fearful anticipation.  
" One."   he said.  
His steady hand pressed the glowing iron into her cool flesh. Her eyes grew
  wide and I heard the hiss and crackle of flesh being seared.  
" Two."   
Her feet flailed beating uselessly against the porch decking. Her eyes were
  squeezed tightly shut but the tears streamed down her face.  
" Three."   
   
Skin parted and the brand sank a little deeper. Flames flickered along the
  glowing iron as flesh and fat vaporized.  
"Four."   
   
I couldn't hear her muffled scream through the gag. Her nostrils flared as
  she inhaled to scream again. My mouth was open, my throat was raw, I was screaming
  in her stead.  
" Five."   
I gasped for breath. I could smell the distinct odor of cooking meat. My
  sweet little bitch didn't deserved this.  
" Six."   
... Her head drooped, her feet stilled, and her breathing slowed. Thank god,
  she fainted.  
Richard's hand was steady as he continued counting to ten. He pulled the
  cooling brand away. It hissed when he set it back in the glowing coals. I felt
  a sudden chill of dread.  
He placed an ice bag over the burn and fixed it in place with surgical tape.
  He gently removed the ball gag and then snapped an ampoule of smelling salts
  beneath her nose. She woke with a start and a cry of pain. That was just cruel.  
" You bastard! Why'd you do that!" I screamed at Richard.  
" We can't have her choking on her own tongue. How would we ever
      explain that."   
   
I wanted to keep yelling at him but Julie sighed loudly. There was a blissful
  smile on her tear stained face.  
" Will you need the gag Jackie?"   Richard asked.  
He held out the ball gag still moist with our slave's saliva.  
Our lives changed in this seminal moment. Julie is ours now, Richard has
  claimed her. He isn't playing Master any more, he's as real as the leather
  straps that bind me.  
I've gotten exactly what I thought I wanted.  
I know he loves me, even now I'm sure that if I ask,&hellip; beg, I can walk
  away with nothing more than a sound flogging.  
My mouth is open but the words won't come.  
The brand is glowing again, I look away.  
Julie gazes at me with adoring eyes.  
His question still hangs in the air.  
I draw a deep breath  
"I think I'll need it&hellip; love." I whispered.  
I stretch my mouth around the ball. He buckles the strap. The iron glows
  brightly.  
 It is now out of my control.  
Julie's mouth forms a perfect little O, a kiss floats in the air between
  us.  
I heard the scrape of metal as he lifts the brand from it's bed of coals  
Richard is behind me.  
Julie's eyes widen. I squeeze mine shut.  
Heat stirs the air behind me.  
OH GOD! THIS IS GOING TO HURT!  
Richards voice is sweet and far away.  
&quot;One.&quot;   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Lews


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





