BDSM Library - Just Another Church Sunday




Just Another Church Sunday
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Every Sunday, my Master inspects me before we go to church to make sure that I am suitably prepared.  As a Catholic, he has taught me about the seven cardinal sins - of which two my Master and I are especially prone to: wrath and lust.  But he also taught me that Masters and slaves have different paths to avoid sin, each depending on the other.  An important lesson that he teaches me more about... every Sunday.
Just another Church Sunday...

"Are you ready for Church yet shanon?"

I stole a glance at myself in the full-length mirror that stood in our 
foyer.  A knee length conservative skirt, a loose white blouse, my long 
auburn hair slipping down my back in a simple pony-tail.  Nothing to 
suggest...

"shanon?" the question a little more forceful this time.

"I'm sorry Sir.  Yes Master, I am ready for Church."

He came in from the hallway, his suit barely able to contain his towering 
frame.  My willowy frame contrasted sharply to his muscular one.  As he 
approached, I could smell him... clean, lightly cologned and yet ruggedly... 
overpoweringly masculine...

"Good shanon."  He walked around me, casting an appraising eye over me.  He 
completed his inspection,.coming to stand in front of me. "Show me."

I looked up into his eyes, his hard grey eyes - striking, forceful.  He 
loved watching me and always insisted that I look him in the eyes, always.  
I reached up for the buttons on my blouse and undid them, one by one, 
watching his eyes dart from my eyes to the flesh I was baring for him.  I 
was wearing a thickly padded white bra, one that a woman might wear to make 
her breasts look bigger.  Indeed, my breasts were of no particularly 
impressive size, but on this day I did not wear them to draw attention.

I felt his fingers on my skin, tracing a path from where the thin chain 
emerged from beneath the lace cups of the bra to where they disappeared 
underneath the waistline of my skirt.  The dull pain in my nipples flared 
into sharp agony as he gently pulled down on the chains.  I knew it was 
coming and I made no noise other a than short, sudden intake of breath.  But 
from his slight smile I knew he could see the pain in my eyes.

"I - I used the adjustable clamps Master..."

"Show me shanon."

I reached up and undid the front hook of my bra.  Though my breasts were 
small, the bra was equally small.  It had been a tight-fit, made even 
tighter by the clamps on my tender nipples.   The cups fairly sprang apart 
exposing my breasts and my nipples to the cool air.

"Is it painful?" He whispered, gently tugging on the chains.

"Yes Master."  God... my modest breasts blessed, and cursed, with large and 
so very sensitive nipples.  And right now, they were being gnawed sharply by 
a small pair of tight, spring loaded nipple clamps.  A tiny screw adjusted 
how hard they bit into my nipples, and I had adjusted them to be as hard as 
I could stand.  I knew my Master loved having my nipples in pain.

"Does this hurt shanon?"  He asked, pulling the twin chains that linked the 
clamps together, while his other hand stroked my tortured nipples - like 
poking a fire to make the pain brighter.

"Yes..." and I fought not to moan, not to close my eyes even as I felt the 
tears beginning to form.  My arms hung at my sides though every instinct was 
screaming at them to fly up to protect my abused nipples.

"What sin is this for shanon?"

"Wrath... master..." I gasped as he tugged more firmly at the chain, Oh God, 
the pain...

"You have not put the clamps on properly shanon, I am disappointed," he 
frowned.

Oh no...  though not a whisper passed through my lips, my mind moaned at 
what they would mean.  "I am sorry master... please... help me wear the 
clamps properly... so that we do not commit a sin... please master?"  I 
whispered, looking into his eyes...

No, we must not sin.  My master was a Catholic by birth...

"Ahhhh!...:" I could not hold back the subdued shriek as I felt blood rush 
back into my nipples as he removed the clamps.  The blaring pain was nothing 
like before, it was worse, far worse, as if a hot coal had been pressed 
against the inside of my nipple.

"Silence.  Pinch you nipples, now!"

I bit my lip and stifled a cry that had been about to escape my lips as my 
fingers reached up to grasp my tortured nipples between by thumb and 
forefinger, and press the sensitive, screaming flesh between them...

"Open your eyes!"

I had not realized I had closed them.  I forced them open, though blurry 
with tears, I could see my master looking at me... into my eyes... into my 
soul... intently.

"Harder."

I wanted to scream... to moan... the pain seemed to feed unto itself, with 
no release.  I watched him as he looked at me... expectantly...

"T-thank you S-sir... for purging me of wrath... please... adjust the clamps 
and allow me to wear them for us Sir, properly..."

For us.  Master had taught me of the seven cardinal sins.  But he also 
taught me that a master and a slave have very different ways of stay free of 
sin.  For my master, the sin lay not in the thoughts, nor in the temptation 
- but in the surrender to those temptations at the cost of another...

"They are not tight enough, by far," he admonished tightening the screws 
several turns.  He was also a doctor and always knew exactly how far to go, 
how much pain he could inflict without causing me real harm.  And I trusted 
him completely, with my life, with my suffering, with my soul.  "... And you 
know that we have no use for this."  he chastised as he stripped off the 
rubber coating on the ends of the clamps, exposing the ridged metal gripping 
surface underneath.

"We must make sure that we are not tempted to cheat or take an easy path, 
for both our souls..."

My master never gave into the cardinal temptations, his honesty 
unquestionable, his self-control like unbendable steel.  With one exception. 
  Me.  He was free to give in to his temptations... with me...  using me...

"Now," he said taking my hand and gently placing the clamps in them "put 
them on properly".

...It was no sin because giving in did not cost me.  Unleashing his 
temptations on me was no sin, because it was not at my expense...

"Yes Master..."

...Because I accepted it, all of it, any of it - I endured whatever he 
wanted, did whatever he wished because I wanted it.  I wanted him to lose 
control with me.  I wanted his dark side washing over me.  How could it be a 
sin if I wanted all that he did to me?  And that was my place as a slave, to 
make sure he was purged of all his temptations.

He was watching me expectantly...

My nipples were still hard, swollen and red from the blood that was coursing 
through them.  I could feel my breath on them, so sensitive they were that 
the slightest touch made them ache.  I opened the clamps, I could feel from 
the force I exerted they had be tightened greatly... more than I thought I 
could bear.  But I would... for him, for my Master... anything...

I felt a finger under my chin, stroking my face gently before resting a 
finger against me lips, reminding me to utter no noise.  "Now shanon."

I positioned the open clamps at the tips of my nipples.  I knew that that 
was where they would cause the most pain, the worst agony.  I knew that he 
wanted that, that it would please him.

The initial pressure was like a sharp bite to my sensitive nipples.  Oh God 
it hurt so much!  I watched him, he was smiling again... despite my efforts 
to release the clamps as slowly as I could, but the pain erupted suddenly 
... like a white hot flame.  I barely felt the tear slip down my face as I 
thought I could not take any more... but still they tightened.  Finally... 
shaking with pain... I brought my hand down... my nipples screaming in agony 
at the clamps that bit into them unmercifully.

I had not made a sound, not a whimper, and he was pleased "Good shanon... 
that is much better."  His fingers pulled gently on the chains again, 
causing me to scream silently as his fingers ran down the chain to where it 
snaked underneath my skirt.

"There is a third clamp on this chain?"

"Yes..."

"Where is it now?"

"On my clit Sir"

"Are you sure it is on properly?"

"Yes Sir.  The clit hood is clamped out of the way and the clamp is right on 
the tip of the clit itself Master."  I knew that is what he wanted.

I felt a new sharp pain that overwhelmed the pain in my nipples as he 
pinched the chains in his fingers and pulled up, sharply, a few millimeters.

"Show me."

I kept his face in view as I bent over, spreading my legs apart to about 
shoulder length.  I reached down and grasped the hem of my skirt and pulled 
it up slowly, exposing the stockings that encased my legs.  The stockings 
stopped high on my thighs, held there with a garter belt.  I pulled my skirt 
up to my waist, spreading my legs so that he could inspect me more easily.

I felt his palm press the cool chain against my skin, just above my nether 
lips, above my clit.  His finger teased the small clamp, one I barely 
noticed anymore that pulled the skin of my clit hood up, exposing my 
clitoris.

I suddenly realized I had made another mistake, and I could almost feel his 
frown immediately.

"I am sorry Master... I forgot to take the rubber off the teeth of the 
clamp..."

"Shhhhh..." His eyes left mine as they followed the chains down from the 
waistline, where they met and became one chain the ended with a third clamp. 
  His fingers approached it and I had just enough time to bite my lip to 
keep from screaming as he opened the clamp that I had carefully positioned 
at the very tip of my clit!
The blood rushing back into my clit was pure pain!  Unadulterated torture.

"Open your eyes!"

My eyes snapped open.  I could feel his finger stroking my hard, burning 
clit.  Oh God... it felt like he running a soldering iron over it... again 
and again...

"Does that hurt little one?"

"Y-yes master."

He pinched my hard clit between his finger nails!

"Does this hurt more?"

"Yes!"  I gasped.

"Can you endure it?"

I blinked away the tears forming eyes to look deep into his grey ones... 
challenging me... demanding... "Yes."

"Can you take more."  I felt the fingers tighten on my clit, the pain almost 
overwhelming!

"Yes!"

"And more?"

"Yes..."

"What sin is this for shanon!"

"Wrath Master... and lust..."

His fingernails released my clit suddenly, it was all I could do not to cry 
with relief.  His touch became gentle as his thumb just barely touched my 
most sensitive flesh.  I knew what he was doing... my Master was an expert 
at torturing with pain... and pleasure.  As the pain ebbed away from my 
clit, his gentle caresses had my clit straining to feel more.  The pleasure 
from the slightest touch of my clit, even the hint of a touch seemed to 
almost overpower the pain from my nipples.

"I see you have worn you panties and garter belt."

I stifled a groan as he pulled at my "panties", his thumb barely stroking my 
clit unendingly.  My "panties" consisted of an elastic strip of fabric, with 
two pairs of sharp clamps sewn into each end.  The clamps on one end grasped 
my left outer pussy lip, and the one beside it grasped the inner lip.  Then 
the fabric went around my waist.  The clamps on the other side bit into my 
inner and outer pussy lips on the other side, pulling my moist slit open 
brazenly.

"What sin are these for?"

The garter belt was a clip that held onto my stockings, connected to a chain 
that ended in a clamp.  There were four... two in front which bit into my 
inner most pussy lips, and two in the back which were small.... cruel... 
tight clamps that held precariously onto the tiny island of skin between my 
pussy and my ass.  The pain from this tortuous lingerie was all but 
forgotten with the agony from my nipples, and the ecstasy from my clitoris.

"You seem to be tempted with lust shanon... is that true?"  his fingers 
stroked the obvious wetness in my pussy... open and vulnerable.

"Yes Master."

"It would be a sin to give into that temptation, would it not?"

"Yes Master."

He stroked my clit harder.  "Do you want to like this shanon?".

"Yes Master..."

"Tell me."

"I love the way you are touching me."

"You know better than that."

"I love the way your finger is stroking my clit.  I love feeling your 
fingers caressing my pussy...ah... I... love feeling your fingers inside 
me... deep inside me... curling... stroking me..."

Two fingers had firmly penetrated my pussy... deep inside... I could feel 
him... playing me like his instrument, for I was.

"Do you want to cum?"

"Yes master."

"Are you close to cumming?"

"I am... close..."

"Will you cum shanon?"

Oh God, Yes!  "No."

"Why?"

Because that would be a sin.  For a slave to remain pure of sin, I was 
taught a different set of rules apply.

"Because, it would be a sin."

"Indeed."  He stroked my clit harder.

"Y-you have not given me permission... "

"No, I have not shanon.  Nor will I.  You know that don't you?"

Yes.  "Yes.  Cumming would mean giving into lust..."

A slave has not sinned until she gives into the temptations.  My master 
taught me what that meant.  Giving into wrath was to give voice to my 
suffering, to protest.  And giving into lust...

"Are you almost there shanon?  Tell me".  He finger my clit became firm and 
insistence, feeding my lust... tempting me.

"Master... master please... I am so close... one more touch..."

"Open your eyes shanon!"

My eyes snapped open.  "You are not to cum."

His fingers danced on my clit, driving me to the edge of ecstasy.  He 
watched the lust in my eyes.

"Do you want to cum shanon... do you want to cum hard... right now..."

Yes!  Oh God Yes!  "Yes master...please..."

"Are you going to cum?"  He knew I was close, his fingers strummed by clit, 
firmly, intermittently, each touch threatening to make me lose all control.

'N-no master... please... please help me... I do not want to sin Master."

His smile broadened.  I watched as he pulled the rubber off the teeth of the 
clamp.  Then I felt the cold metal against my clit.  The sensation alone was 
enough to almost drive me over the edge.  He was stroking me with it.

"Do you feel that?"

"Yesss..."

"Do you still want to cum shanon?"

"Yessss...."

"Do you still want my help to stop you from sinning..."

"Yes... Master... please...."

He stroked me silently, waiting...

"Please... Master... clamp my clit tight... please... right on the tip of my 
clit..."

His thumb was stroking me clit again as be positioned the clamp around my 
clit.

"Here?"

I felt it the ridges of teeth brushing my clit... "Closer to the the tip of 
my clit Master."

"Here?"

"Yes."

His thumb stroked my clit, my hard, sensitive, engorged clit earnestly.  
"You know it is wrong to give into lust, or wrath."

"Yes Maste...."  The agony!  He did not ease the clamp on, but almost let it 
snap shut on my clitoris... directed on the tip of my clitoris!  I could 
feel nothing else, no the pain in my pussy lips, not the torture of my 
nipples - nothing except the exquisite pain from my clit!  Exquisite?  
God... the sensations cascaded together... the pleasure the pain...  I 
couldn't tell.  I could feel my pussy begin to spasm.  My brain was losing 
control, I was losing to lust....

"You may not cum."

And my pussy pulsed once...and wrenched to a stop.  Like a cliff-driver 
suddenly wrenched from his five, plucked out of the air by his neck.  I 
stood there... my legs shaking... my eyes wide open looking into his as he 
watched me...

The pleasure quickly subsided as his fingers left my clit, sensations 
distangled themselves until now, I felt the pain... the pure pain from the 
clamp that chewed on my over sensitive clit!

Scream!  My mind demanded it... scream!  It's too much.  One scream and you 
can bear it.  Scream, just one long scream and...

"shanon."

He was holding up two small metallic balls, connected together with a 
string... Ben-wa balls.  Next to them, a similar pair.

"You must learn to withstand the temptations of lust little one."

I heard... from a distance... as the pain flowed through my nerves.

"You have learned very well to not give into wrath... I am very proud of 
you..."

I let the pain wash over me, I stopped fighting it and let it ravage my 
mind.  I turned slightly to face the mirror, accepting the pain, relishing 
it.  I pulled my skirt up from the back and spread my legs as far as I 
could.  I bent over at the waist, my hands holding my skirt in place.  I 
looked up, into the mirror so that he could watch my face.

"Open your eyes shanon."

I felt the first ball push against the hot, sticky opening of my pussy.  The 
clamps held it open in invitation as my Master pushed the ball steadily 
inside of me.  I could feel it caress the wall of my pussy.

"shanon.  You are giving in again to lust!  Fight it."

I tightened my pussy, forcing him push the second the ball with much greater 
force.  This time, the ball forced it's way into my pussy - it penetrated 
me... no... it raped me with its now unwelcome entrance.  I could feel it 
push, and shove and inch it's way inside, lightly bruising the walls of my 
pussy and my muscles tried to stave off it's invasion.

I made no sound.

"Open your eyes shanon."

I felt the smaller balls at the entrance of my ass.  I did not need to 
tighten these muscles, my ass was very tight and I hated having anything put 
in my ass.  And all the more reason I loved it when my Master forced me to 
endure it.  The balls were slick with lubricant, my Master knew how to hurt 
me, yet how not to injure me.

I felt the small ball enter my ass, slowly, but insistently.  I watched in 
the mirror as his eyes moved from watching the ball enter my ass; to watch, 
intently, my face in the mirror; as I felt the ball nestle itself where it 
was not welcome.  The second, he teased and tormented me.  He pushed it into 
my ass slowly, holding the ball at the entrance to my ass where it was 
widest, stretching me... hurting me...

"Master..."

"shanon?"

"I love you Master...."  And I watched him silently he pulled the ball out 
of me... slowly... before pushing it back in again, with agonizing slowness.

He stood me up.

"I love you too shanon..."  He pulled  me towards him, kissing me .  Love... 
not lust.  But I could feel his arms around me, pushing my clamped nipples 
into his chest.  I put my arms around him and pulled myself into him harder. 
  After a moment, he released me and gently pulled me away until he had me 
at arms length.  He was watching me now, not just my face, but my whole 
body.  Lust.

"Now fix your clothes."

I stood up and let my dress fall to it's full length, down to my knees.  I 
looked up at his face as I closed my bra, my nipples crying out as clamps 
were squeezed and pressed down on them.  I finally buttoned my blouse 
together and stood again, facing the mirror in the foyer.

"You know what you must do shanon."

I knew.  For his soul, for mine.  I knelt down on my knees... pain flaring 
as the clamps on my body pulled and twisted from the new position.  I 
unzipped his cock from his dress pants.  Long and hard, filled with lust.  
For my Master to have such lust in church was not proper, it would have been 
my failure as his slave to have left it in such a state.

I opened my mouth and looked up at my Master.  He was watching me again.  
God, I loved it when he watched me.  I licked the very tip of his cock, 
caressing it with my tongue.  I took it into my mouth, licking and stroking 
with my tongue.  Lust.  And then it touched the back of my throat.

"Open your eyes shanon."

His hands reached behind my head as he slowly, pushed his cock into my 
throat.  I couldn't stop the initial gagging, an instinct I had not yet 
mastered.  But his cock did not stop.  I could feel the hot tears slip down 
my face, my vision blurred.  I could not breath as his cock invaded my 
throat.  Wrath.

I could smell him, the powerful masculinity of him so close to me.  Yet I 
could not breath.  I taste him, salty and warm.  I could feel my throat 
fighting against his cock... and losing... and relished in the defeat.

He pulled back and air flowed into my lungs.  He allowed me to caress him 
with my mouth.  A slight suction, a flick of my tongue, the inside of my 
cheeks.  Lust.

And suddenly, he pushed into my throat again.  I did not stop him, I did not 
hesitate as I was caught in mid-breath - his cock thrusting down my 
throat...

Wrath... Lust... over and over...

And finally, I could feel his breathing change, I could feel is cock become 
harder still and tighten.  I could taste the salty pre-cum leaking from the 
tip of his penis and I engulfed his cock with my mouth as he came, spurting 
onto my tongue.  I could taste the salty, almost bitter taste, the strong 
unmistakable flavour of his cum.  I could feel it, thick and rich in my 
mouth.

I licked his cock clean and before sliding back, letting it slip from my 
mouth.  I tucked it back into his pants, fixing his shirt before zipping his 
pants  back up.  I took a moment to adjust his tie and smooth down his 
shirt.

"You did not swallow?"

I shook me head, his cum still on my tongue, coating the inside of my mouth.

"Good shanon.  I think we are ready.  Let us go to church"

One hand reached for mine as the other reached into his pocket.  As the door 
closed behind us, I felt the balls deep in my pussy and anus buzz to life 
suddenly.  I almost choked as the sensations flooded my mind, the taste of 
the cum in my mouth, the pain in my nipples, my clit... the pleasure from 
the vibrations deep inside me.

My master opened the door to the car and watched me expectantly.  "Come 
little one... you still have much to learn... and the lesson will continue 
when we arrive."






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  shanon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





