BDSM Library - Let the Punishment Fit the Crime




Let the Punishment Fit the Crime
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: High school senior Sara is consumed with envy for Jenny and lusts deeply for Craig, the school's quarterback.  The key to victory  may depend on the humiliation of gang-rape.Let the Punishment Fit the Crime:  
Brought Down By Envy and Lust  
 If there was anything I felt truly passionate about during my senior year
  at Northfield High School it was my hatred of Jenny Collins. Everything I did
  well she did just a little bit better. Confounding the dumb blonde stereotype,
  I was a science and math whiz. But Jen's science project was awarded first
  place at the school science fair and I only took second. Somehow, beating out
  all the boys didn't seem to matter as much as losing out to Jen.  
 Despite the science and math nerd stereotype, I was always pretty popular.
  I guess my looks helped for that. The 'blue-eyed blonde girl-next-door with
  a little extra hint of naughtiness' idea is always appealing. But too many
  of the guys thought Jen was just a little bit prettier, and, even worse, so
  much of the same type as me. I didn't agree. I thought she looked like a cow.
  But everybody else was like "Omigod, you two look SO alike, are you sure you're
  not sisters?" Anyway, it was undeniable that, whether by design or not, she
  took everything just a little bit further than I did. I was known for my short
  skirts and slim legs. Jenny wore her skirts a half inch shorter. Guys always
  complimented me on my eyes, but Jason Schmidt who was one of the few guys who
  dared to ask us both out (and live!) once said hers were just a tiny bit bluer.
  I never talked to him again. I loved my 36Bs, which I checked out in the mirror
  several times a day. Word around the school was that Jenny had 36Cs. So when,
  last year, I ran for Junior Class President, the fact the I was beaten by Jenny
  Collins (by 14 votes, groan) was as infuriating as it was inevitable.  
 Yes, I had my little victories, too. The most recent was that while both
  Jen and I were trying to get the attention of Craig Manzelli, Northfield's
  star quarterback, when he had just become available following the break-up
  of a two year relationship, I was the one Craig called and took out three times
  in the last two weeks. The first time I just gave Craig a good night kiss.
  The second time I gave him a hand job, which was good because it meant he got
  enough to not go away, but not so much that he would think I was too easy and
  not respect me. The third time we did go all the way and it just felt like
  the right time, you know. I wasn't very experienced, but it seemed to me his
  technique wasn't so great. I mean he did cum in what seemed like only a minute.
  But he was so gorgeous I practically creamed just lying under him and looking
  into his soulful brown eyes while his muscular arms pressed down on me. Well,
  you get the picture (blush).  
 So there I was, starting to fall in love with the dreamiest guy in the school
  (and not only dreamiest, but one that everyone acknowledged as dreamiest, so
  that they could eat their hearts out because he was going to be mine) and,
  even better, he seemed to be falling under my magical spell, when, you guessed
  it, Jenny started to make a play for him. She gave him 'the smile', she asked
  him for help, she flattered him shamelessly, she tried every trick that is
  so painfully obvious that only someone as stupid as a boy wouldn't know what
  was coming and why.  
 God, I wanted to scream. No, I wanted to tear out her hair and pluck out
  her eyes and feed them to the pigeons in the park. All I was able to do instead
  was to call up my closest friends on my cell and whine to them about Jenny.
  It's not like they weren't used to my complaining about Jen, but this was a
  whole new level of complaint. Finally, Sophie told me, "Look, Sara, if she
  bothers you so much, why don't you, like, do something about it, instead of,
  like, bitching about it all the time, you know."  
 So Sophie and I started meeting after school at my house almost every day
  plotting elaborate revenge fantasies. Sometimes a couple of my other friends
  would come over, too, but I think they got a little weirded out by how over-the-top
  some of our ideas got. Like the time Bev said to us, "I don't know, you guys,
  this sounds a little too Columbine, ya know? It's freaking me out."  
 Probably this all would have stayed in the realm of revenge fantasy, but
  one day I got a surprise call &ndash; I mean a very surprise call &ndash; from
  Melissa Aronson, who had always been much more in the Jenny group at school
  than the me, Sara, group at school.  
 Melissa told me how she'd just had a huge fight with Jenny ("that bitch" she
  said; I loved it!) and that she wanted to get even, too. What's more, Melissa
  fit in perfectly with the latest scheme Sophie and I had been discussing!  
 You see, the latest idea Sophie and I were kicking around was to get Jenny
  gang-banged by the football team.  
The core of the idea was to say that Jen so wanted them to beat our arch-rival
  Somerville in the last game of the season that she would let the team all have
  her as many times as they wanted, in as many holes as they wanted, after the
  game, as an extra incentive. This image was so gratifying to me that I could
  practically cum just from thinking about it at night without even touching
  myself. I could picture Jenny with the whole team all around her, their big
  dicks hard at the thought of an available cunt, them all making jokes about
  what a whore she was, while cum coated her inside and out, completely ruining
  her reputation forever. While our school was 95% white, a lot of that other
  5% was on the football team. So I could picture our halfback Tyrone Jefferson
  juking between Jen's legs, and linebacker David Ruiz doing the Macarena in
  Jen's mouth, and maybe even our big Hawaiian right tackle Marty Kalakaua sticking
  his cock right up her ass, and if that cock was as wide as the rest of him,
  Jen wouldn't be able to sit down for a week. For some reason that last image
  was so terrific for me that, when thinking about it at bedtime, my hand would
  invariably make its way down to my clit and I would get off especially quickly.  
 But the very best part of the fantasy would be to imagine the look of disgust
  on Craig Mazelli's face (my Craig Mazelli, smile). Craig would think of Jenny
  as a whore forever. Maybe he'd be so disgusted with her he wouldn't even fuck
  her himself (no 'sloppy seconds' for the quarterback), but would just have
  her jerk him off so he'd cum on her face.  
 I wouldn't even hold cumming on Jen against Craig. It wouldn't count because
  it would be done out of contempt rather than love. I would be Craig's love.
  Every day after school he would hold me in his strong arms, my head just reaching
  his chin as we spooned standing up, his cock discreetly pressing against my
  backside, reminding us both of how much he cared about me, his hugging arms
  close enough to my tits to be well, titillating, but not so close as to be
  scandalous. Craig, who smelled so masculine in a way that made me want to pull
  him on top of me, open my legs and wrap them around him forever, would have
  eyes only for me. Some day he would even be my husband. I would be Mrs. Craig
  Mazelli, Mrs. Craig Mazelli(!), Ms. Sara Mazelli, sometimes, too. People would
  say, "Oh, a blonde Italian," and I would flip my hair or something and say "No,
  it's my husband who is the Italian" and the look in my eye would imply 'Italian
  stud' and they'd get a hint of what a hot guy I had at home, an athlete.  
 So, having Jen's friend, Melissa, want to get involved in the plot, was
  a stroke of luck, something to turn fantasy to reality. Jen was too smart to
  trust a set-up coming from someone tight with me like Sophie, but if Melissa
  pretended to patch things up with her, Melissa could easily persuade Jen to
  come back to the school the night after the game with the right pretext.  
 There were so many things to arrange, but my mind went into high gear solving
  each impediment to the plan that we came up with.  
 How to tell the guys on the team that Jen would fuck them for a win without
  word leaking back to Jen through the shocked grapevine? Just have Sophie tell
  them right before the game, so there would be little time for it to leak out
  and also have Sophie warn them that everybody could get in trouble if word
  leaked, which wouldn't stop hot gossip, but would at least slow it down.  
 How to make it still come off even if the team lost? Tell them Jenny had
  gotten so horny thinking of banging the team that she decided to do it anyway
  as a consolation prize 'to make them feel better' after the loss.  
 How to make sure some of the guys on the team didn't get scruples or cautious
  and stop the gang-bang from taking place? Have Andrea, whose parents would
  be out of town, invite them over for a post-game party at which beer would
  be served, getting rid of excess inhibitions. Girls at the party to support
  and protect Andrea would be allowed to flirt and stimulate guys but would not
  be allowed to get them off. The guys would be ready to rut with goats after
  a couple hours at that party.  
 How to prevent Jenny from showing the guys that she wanted no part of the
  gangbang? Well, obviously she'd have to be gagged. But that clearly wouldn't
  be enough. First we decided we'd need a hood to prevent facial expressions
  and then we added the idea of tying her up and coming up with a story about
  bondage being part of Jen's fantasy. Not an airtight story, but this would
  be a bunch of drunk, overly-stimulated teenage football players, giddy with
  victory or wanting to blow off steam after defeat, so the explanation wouldn't
  have to be brilliant.  
 How to make sure there would be no legal repercussions as a result of guilty
  consciences or Jen tattling? Video everything, so that the consequences of
  coming forward would be too dreadful. Jen wouldn't talk, either to avoid the
  humiliation of that tape getting into circulation or because of the pressure
  from all the families who wouldn't want their precious sons all going to jail.  
 Soon, everything was set and I couldn't believe it was all actually going
  to happen. Jenny would be humiliated. Craig would be mine. The school would
  laugh at Jen for being a slut and a whore. I would be Craig's Princess and
  I would wake up every morning to find him nibbling on my neck, sucking on my
  nipples, kissing down my belly, all the way to my navel piercing, and, well,
  you know.  
 The day of the game everything went perfectly. The team won 28-10. Craig
  threw two touchdown passes and rushed for one of the other scores. (Tyrone
  Jefferson ran for the other.) Andrea, Sophie and some others shepherded the
  team to Andrea's house for the beer blast and tease fest. Jen's 'pal' Melissa
  took Jen out on a post-game shopping trip at a faraway mall with the assignment
  to bring her back to the school at 8pm with the surprise news that Craig had
  something important to tell her.  
 And, yours truly waited in the vacant male locker room with my trusty video
  cam, nestled behind the used towel container, ready to tape in secret until
  everything was too far along to stop, thereupon to join the proceedings taping
  from every angle as Jenny Collins went down to her final cum-splattered, humiliating
  defeat. As I waited there I imagined her reaction. Would she be utterly broken?  
Or would the hot scene bring out some latent sex-bitch aspect and have her
  begin to enjoy and encourage the rainbow of cocks to fuck her. Both possibilities
  delighted me and made me oh so wet.  
 I guess getting there so early wasn't a good idea because I got so horny
  that I began to finger myself picturing Jen all splayed out with so many needy,
  bulging cocks around her. I began to play with myself and I also began to imagine
  Craig taking me doggy style, something I hoped to make happen very soon. Craig
  would mount me from behind, his cute butt pumping forward as he pistoned his
  cock deep inside me, his strong hands kneading my boobs, and his sweet mouth
  giving me hickies on the back of my neck.  
 I shivered with lust and anticipation and didn't notice at all someone,
  I still don't know who, sneaking behind me and putting a chloroform-filled
  handkerchief up to my nose and mouth. I swooned and awoke to the sound of some
  very loud and drunk guys banging into the locker room.  
Adrenaline shot through me and I fought the haze to try to stand up and run,
  but I found myself very tightly bound with my head covered and my mouth stuffed
  with a ball gag. I squirmed, but it felt like I was up in the air and might
  fall off my flimsy support into an abyss if I moved too much. It turns out
  I was face up on one of the long benches the guys can sit on if they want when
  they change.  
 And &ndash; oh God! What a thing to have to remember! &ndash; I heard all
  those loud, drunk, happy male voices!  
 "Hey! Look! It really IS Jenny Collins!"  
 "Fuck, yeah!"  
 "Yeah, I'd know those tits and ass anywhere."  
 "And that blonde hair. Look at that muff. I guess that settles it. She really
  is a natural blonde."  
 "She doesn't shave it, just a bikini wax. Hey, Jen, why don't you go bare
  puss?"  
 "Okay, guys, we going to do this or not?"  
 "Damn straight. Pick which hole you want and make a line. Looks like the
  mouth is out of the question. Hey, Melissa, you sure Jen wanted this freaky
  bondage thing? Couldn't we at least get to use her mouth?"  
 "Patience, guys, do it her way at first. It's the least you can do. Then
  maybe after you've fulfilled her fantasy, she'll let us take out the gag and
  you can do it that way too," replied Melissa.  
 I can only guess at which guys took me when and how, though when some of
  them were inside me I thought at the time I could tell who they were by how
  they felt and smelled and by the voices of a few of them as they moaned things
  like "oh yeah, Jen, fuck, yeah" in my ear as they got their rocks off. But
  the recollections soon began to blur, as there were so many of them. 280 pound
  Marty Kalakaua really did pick my virgin anus as his preferred hole (yes, it
  was pretty obvious who was on top of me that time!) and he really was fat 'there'
  too. Luckily, several guys had plowed that ground before him that night, so
  their cum lube made it a bit less painful than it otherwise would have been.  
 For some strange reason I began to enjoy myself on some level. I guess the
  body can play tricks on the mind or the mind can play tricks on the body or
  something. Whatever. Despite the huge soreness, the stimulation really got
  to me and although I didn't ever quite cum I felt very stimulated and even
  exhilarated in a way that is hard to describe. That is until they removed the
  hood.  
 My eyes took some moments to adjust to the light but when they did I saw
  all the guys standing around me. And they saw me.  
 "Holy fuck! It's Sara Tappin! Hey, what the fuck is going on here?"  
 Melissa enlightened them.  
 "Sara set this all up to get even with Jenny. Jenny wouldn't REALLY have
  put out like that for all you guys. You guys KNOW she's not really that kind
  of girl. So, some of us girls got together and thought if that's the evil thing
  Sara wanted to do to Jen, what better punishment for Sara for thinking of such
  an awful thing. What's that thing Mr. Straughter taught us when we did The
  Mikado, 'Have the punishment fit the crime'? Or what was that other phrase?
  'Hoist on his own petard' or something?"  
 The guys looked doubtful and suddenly scared. Craig, my darling Craig, started
  to say something, as if he would assert leadership and put an end to what had
  seemed like consensual group sex but was now obviously gang rape. But then
  Jenny Collins herself stepped out of my previous hiding place and took control.  
 "Guys, I hate to tell you this, but I've been taping everything. One tape
  I've already handed to a friend for safe keeping and I've got a second tape
  in the cam to cover Act Two. Now, I don't think any of us want the whole team
  to get kicked out of school right in the middle of senior year. Not to mention
  bye-bye college scholarships and maybe college altogether. Newspaper headlines.
  Jail for rape. Expense of prosecution. Your parents will kill you, and if they
  don't, the convicts will rape you. Why risk all that for this whore? Everything
  that happened here came out of HER dirty little mind. Except that I was going
  to be the victim, just because she's always been insanely jealous of me. So,
  it's really fitting that this all happened to her, the bitch who planned it
  all."  
 It was really no contest. The guys weren't going to risk their futures for
  me. And I wasn't a Goddess on a pedestal any more, if I ever was. I was just
  a cum-soaked whore on a fucking bench now. I couldn't even think of a way to
  plead. I couldn't even look anyone in the face.  
 Jen turned to look down on me.  
 "Don't you look just darling, Sara? You cute little tramp. You actually
  ARE very attractive, in a whorish sort of way." Her tone changed to one of
  mock solicitude. "Would you like me to remove that ball gag for you?"  
 My jaw ached so much I nodded yes without thinking, but as she removed it
  she replaced it with a ring shaped gadget instead that kept my mouth open.  
 "Okay, some of you wanted blow jobs instead of cunt and ass, so Sara has
  graciously consented to take requests. And, don't worry, we still have time,
  so everyone is free to cum more than once."  
 When the guys were finished Jenny came up with one more surprise. She brought
  out my pal and comrade, Sophie Tobin and held her in front of me. I could barely
  tell up from down by this point, but even in that state I could still see that
  Sophie was agitated and feeling guilty.  
 "I couldn't help it, Sara," she pleaded with me. "When Melissa told on us,
  they forced me to cooperate with them. I didn't have any choice."  
 "That's right, Sophie slut, you really did want to stick by this whore and
  her evil plot until we forced you to do otherwise," Jenny jeered at her. "So,
  here's what you have to do now as punishment or we will make your last semester
  here a Living Hell. Strip off all your clothes. Then get yourself off on Sara-whore's
  face. I promise that if you do that, none of the guys will touch you, and we
  won't punish you any further. So: strip, mount her face, and cum. If you cum
  for us now you're home free the rest of the year."  
 I watched my friend Sophie turn scarlet as she stared at the floor and one
  by one dropped her garments in a pile at her feet. She silently mouthed 'I'm
  sorry' to me and then quickly hopped on my face to hide her pussy by placing
  it on me. Quickly, she began to rub herself on me and I guess it was exciting
  for her in a perverse sort of way because her juices began to slick my face.
  For me it was humiliating because I'd never done anything gay before, let alone
  in front of an audience of drunken guys, my worst enemy with a cam, and the
  boy I loved and had hoped to marry. Plus, I found it hard to breathe with Sophie's
  120 pounds covering my mouth and nose half the time, so finally I desperately
  reached up with my tongue to help her along until she finished with a pitiful,
  shuddering climax.  
 Sophie's humiliation was over but mine had one last event to endure because
  Jen had one last announcement.  
 "I'm not gay like some of the other girls," she said looking at me and Sophie,
  but I think it's only proper that I get to do one thing to Sara-whore, too.
  After all, I am the injured party. And this is what I chose to do as it best
  represents Sara-whore's position compared to mine."  
 With that, she removed her panties, and, keeping her skirt on for modesty,
  went astride the bench, directly over my mouth. I was confused because I had
  thought she had just said she didn't want to do anything gay like to cum on
  my face. I waited there a moment, not knowing what was going on, until I figured
  it out as it became obvious to everyone. A stream of warm golden piss squirted
  down on my mouth which I couldn't close because of the ring holding it open.
  The piss poured in choking me and degrading me. I moved my head to the side
  to avoid drinking it, but then it merely splashed on my face and in my eyes
  instead.  
 Mercifully, the one worst possible thing didn't occur. When Jenny stopped
  pissing into and onto me she invited Craig to follow her in using me as a toilet,
  but Craig declined in disgust. Instead he left the locker room, muttering and
  the rest of the group left soon too, grossed out by Jen's last gesture towards
  me or maybe embarrassment at their own crude behavior.  
 Nobody ever got punished for what happened to me. Rumors did go through
  our community, but I guess everybody was too scared to open up that can of
  worms. Jen was true to her word to Sophie that my original confederates would
  be left alone by the victorious group until we safely went our separate ways
  to college. All except me, this is.  
 I have to serve Jenny Collins as a slave. I have to go to her house three
  days a week after school and do her weekly chores. The work isn't as bad as
  the abuse because she doesn't just say "do the laundry" but instead things
  like "do the laundry NOW, you useless bitch." Her parents both work and don't
  come home until after I've gone, so they think their darling daughter Jen has
  suddenly 'turned over a new leaf' and gotten responsible, cooking them the
  competent dinner really I'd just made for them. Luckily, this all comes to
  an end, even for me, when I go off to college at the end of the summer.  
 My most passionate feeling my senior year at Northfield High School is still
  my hatred for Jenny Collins. But I no longer fight against the evidence that
  She is my superior. I accept it.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cambridge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





