BDSM Library - Amatorium




Amatorium
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story is about a man's dream, which is not known in the story.Amatorium   
Here I was, standing in the large marble room, on the second floor
      of The Temple. As my tired fingers were shaping the clay, I finally had
      the time to be with my own thoughts. No sounds, no bothering from the masters
      and no distraction.    
My imagination was slaved in the cold earth matter but my mind
      was free to rove in my memories from the past months. What was going to
      happen with me? Why me in first place?    
The questions started to flow in my head like a mountain river
      current. The allusion with the water made me thirsty so I left my unfinished
      sculpture and headed to the sink to drink some. It's always easier for
      me to narrate a situation to myself as I'm telling it to someone else.
      And of course this way I can hear my own voice, because here in The Temple
      you can't talk much.    
After I had drunk some cold water I started to speak to myself
      with a faint voice&hellip;   
It was one of the latest days in October. I was swimming in the sea when
  the two men came to take me. They explained me that my parents enrolled me
  in a special art program and I should go with the black dressed men to my new
  school. I was very perplexed then but I had no choice. I just followed them
  without seeing my parents any more. This happened just days before my 17 th  birthday.
  After this, my whole life changed. I had lost my freedom. I never again saw
  the waves of the Black Sea. I don't even remember much of that period of my
  life. As if my mind was lost between the marble walls of The Temple, I'd left
  only with my instincts.  
When I arrived I was feeling like I was in one of my dreams. I was walking
  into a strange Temple placed in the forest. The building was a composition
  of one stone circle and a round tall tower placed into it. The outer stone
  circle was actually another one-story building with an entrance witch allowed
  us to proceed to the inner one. The marble tower had a big door made of oak.
  Once inside I was leaded to a room in the end of the long round corridor, situated
  next to the outer wall of the tower. A man in strange clothing was sitting
  inside the room. He told me that I have been chosen to participate in a special
  program for gifted young men, because of my skills in Sculpture. He also told
  me the rules of this temple &ndash; Amatorium and ordered me to go to my cell.
  I was very confused with the rules of this place but I was too tired to think.
  All I wanted was to sleep&hellip;  
The first thing I spotted, when I opened my eyes were the rays of light,
  coming from the small window in my cell. I drew away my look from the white
  spot, on the wooden wall and started to explore the small room I was in. There
  was just a chair, a table and a sink, with a small mirror above it. When I
  got up, I noticed that I had been naked with no trace of my clothes. Instead,
  there was a small pile of white cotton fabric on the chair and a pair of pattens
  next to the plank-bed I was sitting on. Before I had the time to raise even
  a single question in my head the miniature wooden door opened and a beautiful
  woman came in to the room.  
I was even more confused. I knew from the previous day that I'll have Masters,
  Mistresses and Guardians here in the Amatorium but I didn't expected what I
  saw. The woman &ndash; my Mistress was tall and thin, with black hair and very
  feminine body. What I was surprised of, was her garments. She was wearing a
  strange black dress, snugly-fitting to her body. It revealed almost all of
  her body naked. Only her torso was hidden behind that strange material made
  of something like an amalgam of latex and vulcanite. Her long legs were uncovered
  to her crotch. The dress revealed in depth her beautiful cleavage, formed by
  the squeezing effect of her dress, over her incredible bust. I had never seen
  a woman dressed that provocative as her and in the same time with so stern
  and Victorian look.  
 She just told me to follow her and she turned toward the door. As we were
  walking in the small corridor I was feeling very scared. I was sensing the
  guard's silent body walking behind me, but my mind was obsessed by the naked
  ass cheeks of my Mistress pulsating with each step she was making. After we
  passed cell number VII (I was in number IV), my Mistress and I entered in a
  small bathroom with a solid metal tub, a sink and an empty shelf. The tall
  woman unscrewed the faucet above the tub. Then she turned toward me and I heard
  her laud but soft voice again.  
"Take off your band."  
My heart started to beat fast. I was so ashamed but also incredibly excited.
  At the same moment my fingers unbound the thin cotton rope of my band. The
  last one felt and revealed erected my penis. She took my member in her hand
  and stroke it lightly. After that she slid her black manicure of her index
  finger over the head and said:  
"Get into the tub and wash yourself good. Masturbation is bad thing. It fogs
  the mind. But what's worst is that it consumes man's potential."  
I stepped into the tub and nervously began to rub myself, while she watched
  me.  
"Relax and keep going. You won't get out of that tub until I see you're clean.
  No one goes in the Temple dirty."  
My first memories about my classes were blurred. The following days I was
  feeling tired and exhausted. I didn't eat much. A man has spent so much time
  alone he would have time to think. The truth was that the gray days were just
  a shadow of the clay sculptures, I was making for practicing for the classes.
  Nothing more or less. I just became a passenger in my imagination traveling
  from one artwork to another. No thoughts about my parents. No thoughts about
  my previous normal life in my small town, situated by the Black Sea. No hopes
  for this strange "school" either.  
That was until the day I noticed the far classroom, visible from a small
  angle from my cell window. In this particular classroom I learned that there
  were girls here, too. I couldn't see whether they studied art and erotica as
  us but sometimes I could watch their Mistresses talking to them. What were
  the girls' purposes here? Who were they? Why we hadn't had classes with them?
  My head once again started to fill with questions.  
 Few days later, my Mistress came for my routine bath. As we walked in the
  corridor, I finally saw the girls. They were walking in a column one after
  another towards me. Their Mistress was preceding them and in the end of the
  line, there was their Guardian. For the first time I could see what their clothing
  was. All of the 7 girls were wearing short, white-colored, cotton skirts similar
  to the boys' garments. The girls had cotton pieces for their chests, revealing
  their abdomens naked. The girls were wearing strange sandals placed on a strange-curved
  metal pipe. Their feet were producing ringing with every step they were making
  on the marble floor. I was little ashamed and I couldn't look to their faces.
  I raised my head only once to see the most beautiful eyes I'd ever seen. They
  belonged to a girl in the middle of the group with long brown hair. My heart
  stared to beat fast and all I could do was just to inhale deep, to preserve
  this memory as a faint smell of clean skin.  
 While I was having a bath, my Mistress spoke to me:  
 "So, you like them. It's interesting how those girls look like in your imagination."  
 "I &hellip;"  
 "There's no need to answer me. Right now you have classes of erotica and
  there you'll learn the things that all the boys of your age think they know.
  But before that I want you to make something for me."  
 The Mistress didn't finish what she wanted to say. Instead, she put her
  right foot on the tub. I could see her smooth leg in front of me, reflecting
  the quanta of light coming from the water in the tub.  
 "Lick my toes."  
 I bent in the tub and gently started licking her toes, as if they were the
  tongue of my mysterious girl. Slowly&hellip; Gently&hellip;  
 "Very good," she suddenly removed her toes from my mouth. "I'll keep it
  in my mind for the ceremony if you act with same spirit. I want you to shape
  exact copies of the toes you've just liked."  
 The Mistress was talking about the ceremony after few months, in which we
  were going to be initiated for fellowcrafts. I didn't new anything more about
  it, except that after the ceremony, we'll have the right to work freely. Our
  works were going to be sold and depending on the success we would take our
  places in the hierarchy of the Temple.  
 My Mistress went to the bathroom's door where my Guardian always stayed
  and commanded:  
 "Get dressed! It's time to go to classes."  
 We got into a room which was quite larger than the room I'd studied with
  the other boys. The first couple of rows were taken by the girls who were sitting
  quietly. Most of the boys of my class had already had their seats in the back
  rows. It wasn't allowed to speak with one another, so everybody was looking
  around nervously not knowing what was going to happen today.  
 When I got in my seat I looked for my girl and quickly founded her sitting
  right in front of me. She was just sitting calmly and watching the Mistresses
  who were talking quietly in front of us. One of them was my Mistress and the
  other was the red-haired Mistress, who I had seen in the girls' classes. She
  wore a gray robe, which covered her entire body. The only visible parts of
  her body were her delicate face, her hands and her feet.  
 The girls' Mistress was watching the girls as she spoke:  
 "Today, we've brought the boys, to make some of the practical demonstrations,
  we discussed last week."  
 After that statement she turned her head to the boys' rows and examined
  each one of us with eyes. She pointed at the boy who was sitting from the left.  
 "I want the tall boy to come here&hellip;Yes, you."  
 The boy was little indecisive but after a second went where the Mistresses
  were. The boy, who I named "John", because of his resemblance to one of my
  former friends, was studying Sculpture just like me. He was one of the tallest
  in the group, with well-shaped body.  
 "Take off your band," ordered the Mistress.  
 The boy quietly removed the white fabric and left it to fell over his feet.
  At the sight of his nakedness the girls' looks become more spirited and they
  started watching with really strong interest. The beautiful girl, whose occupation
  until this moment was to softly bite her wrist, stopped and watched with excitement
  too.  
 "I want you to show us how a boy masturbates," was the next order of the
  stern lady.  
 The boy looked a little stunned of what he had heard but his penis started
  to harden. He began slowly to masturbate in front of everybody. I didn't know
  what to think. I was really more curious about the thoughts flowing in "my" girl's
  mind. Sitting behind her I couldn't watch her eyes but by the parts of her
  facial expressions, visible to me, I could guess, that she enjoyed what she
  was seeing.  
 After the boy finished and his semen dripped on the floor the Mistress ordered
  him to go to his seat. She, again, spoke to the girls:  
 "I see that you're all excited, that's why we'll finish today's practice
  by looking at each of the fellowcraft candidates. I want all apprentices to
  come here and undress themselves."  
 One after another we walked in front of the girls and got naked. I felt
  very ashamed of being exposed like that but mainly, I felt miserable of the
  indifference I read in the eyes of the girl, I liked, when she saw me.  
 In the next few days my mind was wandering. Every time I was thinking about
  her, I was wishing to forget her. I wasn't eating much or working with the
  clay either. Mostly I was sleepy and depressed. At that time we were studying,
  in classes, about the symmetry of the body; about the attraction of the sexes;
  about the key factors that could lead to attraction&hellip; My desires about
  women started to become obsessive. I was living only to be alone in my cell
  to fantasize sexual things and to masturbate on them.  
 One day my Mistress came again.  
 "Are my clay toes done?"  
 I shivered. I had completely forgotten about them after that day.  
 "I forgot," I tried to excuse. "I a&hellip; I will make them right away!"  
 My mistress came by and slapped me hard on the cheek.  
 "I expect them to be ready for tomorrow!" Then she left. I felt even emptier.
  In that moment I was so lonely, I hadn't felt never before. I sat by the table
  and started to tear a piece of clay. My eyes filled with tears and I started
  to cry.  
 Early in the next morning the Mistress showed up again.  
 "Take the toes and follow me to the bathroom."  
 We entered the bathroom and my Mistress filled the bathtub.  
 "Give me the big toe, undress and get on your knees with your stomach against
  the tub."  
 I did what I was told. I felt her wet hand opening my ass cheeks. A cold
  press against my anus supervened. My Mistress was placing the clayed toe deeper
  inside me.  
 "Relax. Otherwise it's going to hurt."  
 I couldn't judge if it was the whole in but it felt disgusting.  
 "Get into the tub."  
 I got up slowly and got into the warm water. I was still felling the burning
  in my ass.  
 "Look how dirty you've become!" You are all stinking. And you're flaccid
  too! There's nothing sexy and masculine in your body. Do you think there's
  something that Anika would like in you?"  
 That was the first name I had heard since I got here. So the girl I liked
  was named Anika? I wasn't very sure. I didn't know for who the Mistress was
  talking. It was just a hunch.  
"I know that you are not allowed to know the names of anyone here but I'm
  your Mistress and I can decide what you can know and what you can't. When you
  came here I was sure that you would become a great fellowcraft and a great
  sculptor and that's why I've picked you. Now I see that you're just a stupid,
  ordinary kid that cannot control even his own emotions. "  
I was just lying in the tub and inertly washing myself, not knowing if I
  should say something. I didn't know how to interpret the words of my Mistress
  either.  
"If you don't like yourself, how can you expect from the others to like you!
  Anika, I'm sure you know who I'm talking about, likes the beauty as any other
  human does. And she's very pretty, also. What is more, she knows how to use
  what she has got. She likes the Supremes and the most talented. And you're
  nowhere. There are a few months left till the ceremony. You should use them
  to find yourself a place in the Temple, because otherwise you won't be needed!
  Take out the clay piece off your ass and get out of the water!"  
After I dressed, the Mistress accompanied me to my cell and before she closed
  the door she added:  
"I want you to handle yourself and your art."  
I was probably getting crazy. I realized that I was talking to
      myself and in the same time finishing the first sculpture I was making
      as a fellowcraft. As I was talking about the rest of my life here in the
      Amatorium I was watching how my hands were moving more quickly than ever;
      more precisely than ever; more stronger than ever; more separated from
      my brain than ever &hellip;    
"I can see your body is already shaped well. It's now clearly visible. Your
  studying is also going great." My Mistress was sitting on my plank-bed and
  I was standing nude in front of her. A week before, she ordered me to remove
  my body hair and now, she was inspecting how well I'd done the task.  
"Turn around and spread your ass cheeks."  
After I obeyed, I felt her finger tip sliding around my anus. The feeling
  was so intense that I immediately got an erection.  
"You've missed two hairs to remove, but the overall result is satisfying.
  You're restoring my trust in you."  
For a first time I could see the Mistress's smiling. She took me by the arm
  and guided me to get on my knees between her legs. It was also the first time
  for me to be so close to the firm flesh of her thighs. My senses were focused
  on the scent of skin and vulcanite. I could even see how her nipples deformed
  the latex, they were covered with. My Mistress stepped with her high-heels
  on my naked thighs and leaned on the bed. She slid her finger underneath her
  cloth and inserted it deep inside her. I couldn't divert my eyes from her crotch,
  hoping to see something of what was hidden.  
The Mistress took out her wet finger and wiped it on my chest. How I wished
  I could taste her juices. I was waiting for the moment she was going to order
  me to. At that moment the time was crawling even slower than the drop left
  on my chest.  
Her hand finally was raised, but went into her mouth instead of mine. As
  my Mistress sucked on her finger she looked me devilish. She extracted the
  wet finger from her mouth, removed her feet from my thighs and took back her
  previous sitting position.  
"I bet that you often fantasize how a girl sucks your member."  
"I &hellip; don't &hellip; think &hellip;"  
"Come on," she interrupted my weak form of excuse. "It's a very normal thing.
  All boys and men imagine those kinds of stuff. Especially, after so many classes
  of erotica. That's the main goal, young man," she smiled. "To expand your imagination
  and to feed your fantasies."  
 "I thought the idea of the classes is to teach us how the things look like.
  And we, as future artists, don't have the right to use the learned, because
  we will waste our talent and erase our visions," I tried to explain.  
 "Stop quoting the words of your Masters!" she interrupted me again.  
I felt very surprised and confused. I didn't know whether she was just testing
  me, to see if I'm capable of breaking the rules of the Temple.  
"What I mostly like in you is your pointed docility, "the Mistress smiled
  at me mischievous. "Usually the artists are filled with fight and fire in their
  soul, but you are different. You can divert your fight of your spirit for your
  perfection. That part of your character is your biggest element. The other
  apprentices have been punished all the time, while you completely obey. When
  you were brought here, everyone's crying for their families but you, I'm sure,
  don't even think about them. And yet your seeming emptiness, your soul is full
  of ardor and innocence."  
I felt very scared of her words. I sensed the truth in them, but I was afraid
  of thinking what she had just said.  
"And you know why that is, because you're keeping your fight, in your fantasies.
  That's why you can use your imagination so dexterously."  
I didn't know what to say. For the time I was in the Temple I'd never known
  what to say or do. I was leaving myself to the time, to guide me towards the
  unknown.  
"When was the last time you've had fantasies of being your penis sucked?"  
"I &hellip;well&hellip; "  
As I was wondering what to say, my Mistress put her already dried finger
  in my mouth.  
"Suck it just like you want to be sucked."  
I slowly moved my tongue under her finger, while my mouth was sucking on
  it at the same time.  
"You know, the girls have very different classes from yours. Last week they
  had practice in oral love." The Mistress put her finger deeper into my mouth. "Your
  classmate, who masturbated in front of you, was used as a practicing target.
  Hmm, judging by her playful fingers Anika surely enjoyed taking his big member
  in her mouth."  
The Mistress took out her finger from my mouth and once again rubbed it against
  my chest. Then she playfully added:  
"Your little angel is far not as white as she is in your dreams."  
After that the Mistress got up and left. The deceiving world of my own mental
  picture was falling apart and feeding my rage and envy .  I
  had to become the better than the rest. I had to walk out as winner. I had
  to show her who is the man for her...  
Know I realized where the energy of my fingers came from. I was
      fed by the memories of envy I felt for that guy from my class&hellip; fed
      by the desire to win the girl of my dreams. And that hunger was controlling
      my body now. My soul had been surrendered &hellip;   
I was excited all day long. Our masters had declared the exact time, for
  me and one of my classmates, for the ceremony, on the next morning. I was trying
  to calm myself down, but my heart was beating fast and I was feeling unprepared. "What
  was going to happen? Would my Mistress come to prepare me?" I asked myself
  so many questions I could not answer&hellip;  
In the late afternoon, she appeared at the door of my cell. She was shining
  with the biggest smile I had ever seen on her.  
"So the day finally came for you!"  
The Mistress headed to the small window of my cell, looked through it and
  continued:  
"Tomorrow I'll come to lead you into the Temple's ceremonial chamber. I cannot
  tell you anything more for now, but I'll allow to myself to inform you that
  there will be a nice surprise for you. The Masters are very pleased with the
  results you are showing in Sculpture and if you pass the test, you'll become
  fellowcraft with great privileges."  
The Mistress emphasized on the last word and after that she just left the
  cell, without even look at me.  
 I was awakened by the opening of the door. I hadn't slept very good last
  night. My sweated body was shining under the rays of the morning sun. The Mistress
  placed my breakfast on the table, which was very unusual since the only person
  who was bringing me the meals was the Guardian.  
"Get up and have breakfast. I'll wait you in the bathroom after an hour.
  The Guardian will come for you."  
After one hour the Guardian took me to the bathroom, where I was hopping
  to have a nice cool bath so I could relieve some of the pressure. When I got
  into the bathroom I immediately noticed the long black dress, with metal whalebone,
  my Mistress was wearing. On the wooden shelf were placed some kind of gray
  fabric and a pair of gray sandals with two metal talons built in front. This
  time there was no need of my Mistress to say anything. I got into the tub and
  once again looked at the clothing on the shelf. I realized that the water wouldn't
  have the power to calm me down. Not on this day&hellip;  
I put on the long tunic and the sandals. When I got out of the bathroom the
  Guardian had left. I was walking only, with my Mistress through the oval corridor.
  She was very silent. I expected her to explain me what I had to do during the
  ceremony but instead she just walked before me. When we entered the main building
  we continued walking till the very end of the inside corridor. I had never
  seen that part of the Temple. The corridor ended with a massive gate, made
  probably of ebony or of a similar tree.  
On the two sides of the gate, there were Guardians standing. When we approached,
  the lasts opened the doors for us. When we entered I was amazed by the hall
  I was in. The hall was round and ornamented in various geometric shapes. Everything
  here was whispering about quality and ages. On the left and on the right side
  of me a large number of Guardians were standing. The far side of the hall was
  occupied with a wooden tribunal where all the Masters and Mistresses were sitting.
  I wasn't allowed to look directly to them, so I couldn't observe them in good
  detail.  
 For my biggest surprise I was standing right next to the boy I hated so
  much. It seemed that he was the other apprentice on the ceremony. He was dressed
  in the same way as me. And his Mistress was standing beside him too. My legs
  were shaking from the pressure but I was determined that I should not show
  weakness in front of my classmate.  
 Finally the doors behind us were closed and one of the Masters spoke:  
 "Apprentices, you will be given task and you must obey. Depending on your
  reactions we'll decide whether you are qualified to become fellowcrafts. The
  first test will be for the apprentice III. You may proceed!"  
 As the Master said his last word two Guardians brought a gray mat in the
  center of the hall. The mat was with the shape of a circle, about two and a
  half meters in diameter. While I was thinking what "apprentice III" meant,
  the Mistress of "John" pushed him to walk to the mat. It seemed the Masters
  were distinguishing us by a number. "What was my number then?"  
 While my classmate was standing next to the mat with his Mistress beside
  him, the Guardians brought two of the girls. Two other Guardians, from the
  other side, brought a strange device and placed it in the center of the mat.
  The device had the form of a lying "T" with straps on each end.  
I was already nervous but when I recognized that one of the girls was Anika
  I was really loosing control. My legs and body were shaking, I just wished
  I could at least be sitting, but I knew this was unacceptable. I was already
  wishing bad luck for my classmate but with the two girls in the center I was
  feeling very envious.  
"Apprentice III should be placed on the 'Tailor" and should be pleased from
  servant 'O'," the voice of the Master once again echoed in the hall.  
Before I even start to ask myself new questions, The Mistress of "John" guided
  him to lie on the "T" device. His hands were tied with the leather straps on
  the sides of the "T", by his Mistress. She then tied his feet together on the
  bottom of the device. Anika approached the apprentice slowly. She bent on her
  knees and raised his cloth above his legs until she revealed his lower part
  of his body completely. The cute girl bent over him and slowly began to lick
  his belly. She was exploring each part of his body with her tongue. She finally
  got her mouth to his testicles and sucked them. After playing with his balls,
  she tried to probe between his legs to reach his anus. His legs were very closely
  tied with one another and her target was unreachable. She moved her tongue
  to his penis and started licking it.  
I couldn't believe what I was watching! And that was a test!? The girl I
  wanted was sucking my classmate off. I was loosing my adequate thinking&hellip;  
She continued to swallow his cock with a great passion, wrote on her face.
  Anika gulped deeply his cock letting her saliva to fall, only to allow her
  to insert his member deeper. He was just lying there, watching her swallow
  his penis in her mouth faster and faster. I couldn't see well her lips around
  his penis, because of her hair but from my point of view she was acting just
  like a sewing machine.  
"That's enough! Remove the apprentice from the Tailor and bring apprentice
  V for the next test!"  
Once again the voice of the Master commanded and I realized that I was the
  one to be next. I was already quivering to be with Anika and I was refilled
  with energy and passion. I was waiting for my Mistress to let me go to the
  mat but instead I was watching how two of the Guardians were taking away the "T" device
  from the mat.  
"Bring the "Zealer". Apprentice V is going to be tested now!"  
I knew already that it was me who was going to be next. I was ready to do
  anything, just to be with Anika.  
"Servant 'A', proceed to the Zealer, where you'll be used! Apprentice V should
  have sex with servant 'A'."  
My Mistress nudged me to go to the center of the hall. The enthusiasm left
  me because it seemed that I wouldn't be with the girl I wanted. The Guardians
  brought even stranger device. It looked like a standing "Z" made by two thick
  pipes, joint parallel with one another and bent in the shape of "Z". On its
  upper part, the Zealer had a leather saddle curved, apparently for a lying
  human torso. The girl I was about to have sex with, placed her chest and head
  on the saddle, with her belly down. Her legs were fastened to the diagonal
  parts of the pipes with straps. After securing her body's lower part, the Guardians
  restrained her neck with another strap, and then they bound her wrists and
  waist. The Mistress lifted the girl's skirt and her perfectly shaped legs and
  ass were disclosed in front of me.  
I felt an instant lust. I was about to have sex in front of my Mistress's
  eyes; in front of all those unknown people; and most importantly in front of
  the gazed look of the girl I liked so much. I was going to show her what a
  man with power could do.  
"Step on the Zealer," my Mistress said quietly.  
I stepped into two small openings, attached to the lower part of the pipes,
  with the talons on my sandals. The girl's ass was sticking up, off the saddle,
  on the level of my erect penis. At that point the lust took control. I, quickly,
  took off my tunic and projected my cock to the girls opened asshole. I pushed
  it in hardly. The only sound I heard was a deep moan from the girl. After that
  my senses were overwhelmed by my vigorous pumping. I wanted to tear her up&hellip;  
"That's enough!" The Master's voice came to my ears.  
I felt reluctant to obey. My body shacked in convulsions. The Guardians came
  and lift me by the arms. They started to carry me to the door from the other
  side of the hall. The last thing I saw were the reverent eyes of Anika, headed
  toward mine&hellip;  
I finished the sculpture. I finally could examine it, in its completeness.
      The woman I made from the clay looked just like Anika; only older and sadder.
      From her eyes were flowing small drops of tears. The clay body of Anika
      was naked. She was with spread legs. Her vagina was torn by the head of
      a baby who was trying to come out.   
I looked at the fiendish eyes of the baby. They looked so mature
      and evil, but they helped me realize what had happened to me.    
 A simple thought could be transformed into fantasy. A fantasy
      could be buried into matter. It was nothing more than a distorted reality,
      filled with morbid feelings.    
Envy turned into lust; lust turned into fantasy and fantasy soaked
      into the cold clay.   
Tainted art, lacking virtue. But wasn't virtue only food for the
      Seven sins?    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SilverFiend


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





