BDSM Library - Spanking Straight From the Headlines 2004




Spanking Straight From the Headlines 2004
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tasty ass employee spanked.Spanking Straight From the Headlines 2004   
   
  The following happened is based on a real life incident that was in the news
recently.   
A boss had his employers sign a contract that gave him permission to spank
  them in lieu of firing if they mad mistakes on the job. The young women spanked
  were working at a Tasty Flavors Sno-Biz Shaved Ice Location outside Chattanooga
  Tennessee and he took them into the backroom, bent them over his knee and gave
  them 20 hard spanks. The day before he had snapped a picture of the nineteen-year-old
  girl's bottom in tight jeans as she reached for a flavor bottle on a shelf.
  The employee was spanked 20 times on the behind bent over the owner's knee
  in the backroom for not putting a banana in the smoothie.  
The below story is loosely based on this incident of a real spanking in the
  news. It has no relationship to any persons in the AP News Story that appeared
  in the Knoxville News. It is obvious he has an appreciated from bottoms and
  the values of a good spanking. I think the best stories are one's that have
  a shade of truth, so I have taken the incident as the courts say it happened
  and made it a juicier discipline story for your perusal.  
This story contains M-f, adult serious spanking with reluctant -consent and
  anal insertion.  
Arthur the boss and owner of the Tasty Sno-Blow Shaved Ice Eatery
    had envisioned Ariel's Spanking with a hairbrush ever since her first spanking
    now over a year ago, so often that when he came to actually doing it, the
    scene was almost like it was choreographed as he watched. Ariel like to wiggle
    her sexy ass as she wrote on the menu blackboard showing her unladylike visible
    panty line in the seat of the tight blue jeans she wore to the shaved ice
    eatery.. 
   
  The trouble was he knew his part but she was totally shocked to find out how
  he had cast his present pretty employee as The Naughty Young Lady who is to
  be Spanked!! 
   
  He could envision her per shapely fattened round pale bottom as he bared it,
  out of those tight, blue jeans with the etched in skin red line that would
  be left from the obviously snug panties. Ariel would certainly have more redness
  to consider after he finished paddling her. Her butt would flatten, rebound,
  wiggle, and quiver as he applied the school hairbrush&mdash;turning from white
  to pink to red. And he wasn't going to stop until he'd raised little white
  blisters that would be raw, sore and blistered, thus making her unable to too
  sit down for a week. He was willing to bet that on Monday Ariel would still
  be wearing a loose fitting jeans rather than her disgraceful hip hugging tight
  blue jeans that displayed a blatantly visible panty line for everyone to see!  
   
  The Tasty Freeze was empty as Arthur reflected, as he watched the college coed
  climb the sheves to reach a flavor bottle. Today was the day, what had really
  sent him over the edge today at last was that Ariel had left the banana out
  of the customer's smoothie. This was the infraction but, what inflamed his
  desire to Spank her hard, was the visible panty lines It was just indecent
  the way Ariel dressed in those tight, so tight well worn blue jeans. It never
  failed her tight blue jeans and dress slacks were always tight enough to make
  the panty lines fully apparent.   
Just like an inappropriate, headstrong brown haired employee, wanting
    to attract attention to her bottom. Arthur decided that he should teach the
    late teen 
  another real lesson. And in his experience There was nothing like a severe
  spanking with a wooden hairbrush whaling on a bare ass tail end to get a message
  across to a recalcitrant employee.  
   
"What Is It Sir " Ariel asked as she stood in the room tossing her brown hair
back 
"Ariel I don't care how long it takes-but you might be interested in knowing
the more you resist, the angrier I get. And that means the longer your paddling
will be. It is up to you: are you going to stand there like a good employee and
let me raise that tight blue jeans or do we have to do it the hard way?"   
Ariel giving a little sob, she said, "But I am too old! Grown women
    don't get spanked!"  
"I can't stand this I am so embarrassed" the pretty coed employee cried, 
  As Arthur pulled Ariel tight blue jeans down off her shapely hips. 
"Grown women who act like teenage brats get spanked." "Now, get back over my
knee and prepare to get a sound blistering!" 
   
  He hauled her facedown again, lifting the hairbrush even as he noticed that
  there were indeed red spots on each cheek, clearly visible ovals between the
  panty lines glowing even through the thin material. 
"You're going to remember this for a long time Miss Ariel!" 
  With that, Arthur began to pepper the seat of the white smooth satin panties  
  encasing Ariel's taut bottom tightly. After thirty swats of the hairbrush had
  her bouncing and squeaking, he paused to survey his handiwork.   
" Ariel you act like a cute provocative teenage girl with your  
  visible panty lined bottom notice me tactics and that young lady is called
      sloth.". 
   
"I do not," Ariel said with a pertinent pout.  
"Oh no you got to know Ariel that every guy in the Tasty Freeze is aware of the
size and shape of your panties, not to mention the exact contours of you're  
  round, shapely bottom", as her disciplinarian boss continues her spanking. 
   
"I am not fat in my butt" Ariel protested. 
  I did not say your bottom was fat. You have a good womanly butt though as you
  well know&mdash;otherwise you wouldn't constantly call attention to it by outlining
  it with those unladylike visible panty lines. 
   
"Can I help it if you like staring at women's backsides? That's your problem
not mine&hellip;! 
   
  It is not a behavior embarrassment Ariel it is misbehavior and a bratty attitude,
  distracting your preconscious male students. 
  You should have been taught better sense Ariel I am going to let the hairbrush
  do the talking on your bare bottom.  
   
  Arthur broke of the conversation as Ariel gasped, fluttered her hands at him
  angrily, then jumped up, "How dare you talk to me that way Arthur"? 
  Ariel red faced now " You have no business! " 
  I'm not a employee, to be called into the room for the way I choose to dress&hellip;"  
"No you are not" Arthur agreed. " Ariel you are a 18 year old woman who is a
bright educator. 
   
  Who should know better than to act like a snotty employee? The reason I invited
  you into the backroom is that I think it is time to someone reminded you what
  happens to careless, show-off little girls. After that you might care to remember
  how to dress like a dignified adult lady". 
   
  Facing him, hands on hips, Ariel asked suspiciously, after what?  
  What are you talking about?" 
   
  After your good old fashioned bare bottom hairbrush paddling on you bare ass, 
  that's what Missy." I have warned you more than once about not wearing such 
  tight worn out blue jeans that show off your underwear lines." I have tried
  to tell you that your unladylike, naughty panty lines are not acceptable and
  it shows sloth on your part." 
   
"But &hellip; Ariel finally found the breath to sputter,  
"A paddling! You aren't going to spank me! I'm a grown woman, 
  not some naughty child!! " 
  NO way am I going to let you spank me again!!  
   
   
  You&hellip;you&hellip;you ASS HOLE**" Ariel spouted angrily 
   
"And no way am I going to be talked to like that Ariel said Arthur, 
  Opening up the bed drawer and reached in for the school blade red wooden hairbrush,
  He'd bought it at the Cracker Barrel in Cleveland Tennessee, when he decided
  to give Ariel a taste of wood for a more severe spanking the next time he spanked
  her. 
  exactly the blistering she deserved. He hefted the solid hardwood hairbrush
  and smacked his left palm with it, nodding with satisfaction at the instant
  tingling. 
"Ever been spanked past your Teens Miss Ariel.  
"As I know you were spanked growing up by your parents". 
"I think probably not or you young lady would have grown up with 
  more respect and not choosing to tug your rear end into that 
  tight blue jeans that show your panty line."  
   
  Ariel her eyes mesmerized by the sight of her red hairbrush that Arthur continued
  to pop against his hand.  
"Then Ariel flashed him a scrunched face look of disbelief and cried,  
"But grown women don't get spanked! 
"That's&hellip;that's &hellip;absurd! "You let me out of here this instant" 
   
"Your going to get what you deserve young lady", said Arthur implacably 
"And that's a long hard paddling that will leave your bottom blood blistered." 
"Ariel you're going to learn Ariel a lesson about growing up and dressing correctly
before you leave this hotel room today young lady." 
   
"You ASS HOLE, You Son Of A Bitch don't you talk to me like that!" Ariel  
  fearful and angry at the same time. Her face was flaming a cherry red with
  indignation and humiliation at being spoken to by Arthur, as if she were a
  misbehaving child and Arthur the adult in charge of her and that was a major
  blow to her pride. 
   
"Again, I won't allow you to talk that way to me. I think it is obviously way
past time  
  to start your next lesson". 
   
"No don't you dare, get away from me! Get your hands off me Arthur" my butt was
purple and sore for days when you spanked me last year. 
   
   
  Ariel let out a frantic fart of fear and embarrassed herself as she felt herself
  yanked sprawling in an upended tangle over Arthur's knee. He spread his legs
  to support her length, even as she rocked forward and back, off balance. Her
  feet kicked the floor, her hands pushed at him, at the chair, at the carpeted
  floor, as she plunged up and down. 
   
  Unfortunately all Ariel's struggles did was to make Arthur more fully aware
  of how clearly delineated her bottom was centered on his lap, emphasized by 
  The elastic panty seams across her tight well worn jean bottom seat. 
  Incensed by this sight of sloth, he raised the wooden hairbrush and brought
  it down with a WHAP! CRACK! SMACK! WHAP right between the visible panty lines. 
   
"AAAACK! OOOO! OW! EEEEEEE-OOOOOPH" squealed Ariel  
  arching her bottom up and stiffening out straight with shock. She swung her
  right arm back to rub a frantic hand on her right ass cheek. 
"Settle it down young lady. Your not going anywhere until you take your well
deserved good old-fashioned paddling. Your going to be treated like any naughty
little girl who needs to learn better less slothful dressing habits and how we
have to teach that is to smack your behind until you can't sit down for the next
few days". 
" Which means Ariel that it has to be a proper paddling.  
   
"Can you tell me what constitute a proper paddling Ariel?" Arthur asked Ariel  
   
"Oh NO Sir, let me go!" Yelled Ariel once again starting to twist and buck  
  off Arthur's lap.  
"Who do you think you are a ASS HOLE?" 
   
  SPLATT! WHAPP! SPLOPP! WHACK! 
"Ariel I won't have that kind of talks!" What I want to hear from you is one
thing and one thing only young lady: and that's a promise to assure me you will
not wear tight well worn blue jeans that show your naughty CRACK! Unladylike
CRACK! visible WHACK! Panty lines SPLACKK!" each spank of the wooden hairbrush
was just a little harder to emphasize his words for her sloth when dressing for
work at Tasty Freeze. 
   
"You have no right, this is not fair Arthur!" I don't have to do anything you
want&hellip; 
  Want, you&hellip; you&hellip; " Evidently the few swats of the hairbrush she'd
  received had 
  made some impression already for Ariel caught herself before uttering another
  profane denunciation of Arthur. 
   
"I'm taking the right Ariel because I am fed up with you young lady. 
  You've earned a good bare-bottom spanking and that's exactly what you're going
  to get. So stand up here and let's get you out of those unladylike, naughty,
  bad employee hip snug thread bare blue jeans you wore today" 
   
  Arthur put the red hairbrush on the bed and used both hands to stand Ariel
  up 
  She immediately rubbed at her obviously stinging behind stamping her feet up &amp; down. 
   
  Red spots glowed on her face, her eyes sparkled with anger and fear along with
  unshed tears of mortification and pain. Arthur chuckled a bit, imagining red
  glowing spots on two completely different cheeks. He'd being seeing them in
  a minute. 
   
  But first he had to get Ariel's tight visible panty lined blue jeans down and
  white sheer panties lowered. She fought him, again denouncing him. Arthur stood
  up and shook her to a shocked silence. Both of them breathing hard, eyes wet
  with tears, they glared at each other. 
   
"You're going to get a licking and your ass is going to be partially bared for
it." Arthur said in a firm, even tone that brooked no disobedience her pride
was about to take a fall   
 Art reached out and slowly began to pull down her tight blue jeans off her
  shapely sixteenish shapely round baby fat ass, yet she was really 18. As her
  boss pulled them down the visible panty line Ariel had presented along with
  her ass crack down the back of her jeans thus now revealed the panties she
  had chosen to wear on her unblemished bottom today to work. The white skin
  of her ass showed out in contrast to the sheer material that had slipped into
  her butt crack of her ass and all but disappeared.  
 Art continued to peel back Ariel's blue jeans until her entire ass had been
  exposed!  
Because her panties were buried partially in her brown haired ass crack,
  he decided to leave them on because they would not interfere with the young
  employee's punishment.  
 The backroom was filled with silence as Mr. Tart cocked back his wide wood
  backed hairbrush and brought it whistling down with as much force and as hard
  as he could. Ariel tensed her ass cheeks in fright when she felt the whoosh
  as the wooden hairbrush cut through the air on its way to delivering a stinging
  spank low down on her bottom cheeks where she will feel it when she sits at
  her college school desk later that afternoon.. . "CRACK"!!  
 "ONE" Ariel howled in pain as the swat dug deep into baby fat virgin flesh.  
The bright red angry swatch sprang to life instantly under the sheer panties
  as the pretty teen stood up and clutched her now burning ass with both hands
  as she tried to protect her abused rear end flesh. The ice cream, smoothie
  server was soon pushed back over her bosses knee. "WHAPP"  
Mr. Tart quickly spanked Ariel's still ivory white ass crack with his large
  hairbrush and with another shriek of pain the young shoulder length brown haired
  girl pulled her hand away from her butt and quickly put them on her tear stained
  cheeks. Ariel could not believe it her twenty spanks were not going to be with
  hi hand by with this horrible wood backed hairbrush.  
 Her boss laid the second blotchy angry red mark right on top of the first
  one. A light purple bruise began to almost appear immediately, that would by
  tomorrow to a green and yellow sore spot bruise along the area where the two
  hairbrush blotches overlapped. The pain was more than Ariel could stand and
  her knees buckled from under her and she slid of the side of his knees and
  curled up in a ball on the floor.  
 "Get up and back over my knee Ariel", Mr. Tart ordered. Ariel swallowed
  her recent emotion and it took the girl a moment to composed herself and get
  it together to do as she was told. Her full pouting lips and especially her
  lower lip trembled as she looked back over her shoulder at her boss sniffling
  her tears and said "TWO".  
"NO&hellip; You took too long. The count is still one young miss".  
While the girl was still looking back at Mr. Tart, he raised the hairbrush
  and brought it down again across the other butt cheek adding another bright
  red blister field, like a bad case of freckles.  
"NO" Ariel screamed as the cane whistled through the air and smacked into
  her badly bruised purpled butt. " No Sir This Is Not Fair", Ariel whimpered.  
"WHAP!!  
The tender ass skin was irititated under the force of wood to ass flesh and
  blood rushed to the surface of her trembling stinging bottom as she writhed
  over the knee of her employer- top trying to control her pain.  
"THREE!"  
Her boss did not give Ariel the schoolgirl a second to recover before he
  hit her again.  
"WHAP"  
"Boo-H-hoo-Hoo" Ariel lost all control of herself now reduced from a young
  women to a blubbering and crying little girl, as the brush hit her bottom again.
  Ariel's ass cheeks spread further open and her now spasming butt hole seen
  through the sheer panty seat was puckered outward pink greeting her boss with
  a series of open and close ass mouth puckers. Ariel's face showed the strain
  as her puckered bottom hole percolated and fluttered in a sexy rhythm for her
  owner and now master of her pain.  
"FOUR"!  
Art paused for a moment so that she could wipe some of the hot salty tears
  from her congested red wet face. The teenager was babbling in fear and pain
  as she pleaded with her boss to stop her corporal punishment. But her pleas
  fell on deaf ears.  
"CRACK"  
Mr. Tart swung his hard brush again. It landed on top to the other blisters
  and again the blood vessels glowed on the surface of her burning ass cheek
  skin.  
"FIVE"!, "SWACK", "Six" and then there was a a rapid spanking and Ariel could
  not catch her breath much less yell out the correct number of the spank being
  given.  
Once more he hauled the pretty college coed employee a tense, resisting
    Ariel back over his knee. She fell forward with a loud "P-PHHHRARTHURTT",
    then a squeal of embarrassment as she realized she'd also let an audible
    fart escape. 
   
  Arthur told Ariel shaking his head " Ariel you will pay dearly for Pooting
  Boisterously" 
  He looked at her bottom clenching. 
"YOU have to learn to have better control, he said raising the hairbrush. 
  Ariel begged "Oh Arthur I am sorry I did not mean to TOOT!" 
  She did not want to say that she was pooting or worse farting during her paddling
  that was something her pride would not admit. 
  She caught the movement of the dastardly brush out of the corner of her eye
  and gave a Jurassic size heave that almost had her sliding off his knee. He
  settled her down, holding her firmly with his left hand so she was draped inelegantly
  across his lap, a tremulous vee vagina with legs outstretched, toes on the
  carpet, fingertips  
  bracing herself, bottom upturned and quivering.  
   
  The panty lines still made a very good map of the target area, even with 
  the red splotches all over her ass cheeks now. Not that Arthur would have had
  any trouble placing a well-aimed hairbrush without them as he'd let her know,
  her bottom was good sized for the project at hand! He had to pause again to
  admire both the signs of his efforts and the perfection of the upturned behind
  Ariel wishes she had not teased Arthur.  
   
  Full rounded, shapely, fleshy, it clenched and quivered before him, as her
  thighs strained and shuddered. It was a smooth, creamy bottom, except for the
  unaccustomed oval marks, the bottom of a pampered indulgent woman---as also
  evidenced by the J C Penney white sheer panties that Arthur had so unceremoniously
  pulled partially into her ass crack.  
   
"Well Miss High and Mighty let's see how you feel about ever 
  Wearing unladylike visible panty lines after your tail is properly blistered. 
"Let's see if you like to sway and jiggle your behind for the men if you know
it's bright red and on fire from a paddling like any bad employee deserves.'
Said Arthur raising the red wooden hairbrush. He smiled with satisfaction as
Ariel bounced in anticipation making her bottom cheeks wobble. 
   
  Then he began to spank in earnest. WHACK! SMACK! CRACK! SPLOPP! WHAPP! THWACK!
  SPLATT! Went the hairbrush, back and forth from left to right  
  all between the confines of the area outlined by the panty lines. Thirty times
  her wooden hairbrush landed again on her own tail, making Ariel screech and
  kick with each lick of wood. She'd kick out her legs splaying them wildly despite
  being somewhat constricted by the elastic band of the pulled down tight blue
  jeans. 
   
  Her brown shoulder length hair tossed up and down as she fluttered her feet. 
  Both shoes flew off and her tight blue jeans flopped on her back for  
  several hairbrush swats. Ariel clamped her legs together. The tight band of
  the white sheer panties zigzagged downward, but stayed on her milky thighs
  even as her gyrations grew more frenzied with each solid CRACKK of the hairbrush.
  The large round shapely ass cheeks began to glow red, looking hot enough to
  sizzle!  
   
"What are you going to do about showing your panty crotch caused by not sitting
ladylike and your naughty unladylike visible panty lined tight blue jeans?" SMACK!
WHAPP SPLATT! WHACK CRACK SMACK SWAPPP SWAPPP! 
   
"OOOWWWOOOEEEOWWW I won't I won't! STOP!" Ariel said 
   
  WHAPP! SMACKK! CRACKK! WHACKK! SPLOPP! SPLACKK! 
   
"I won't stop Ariel I have only just begun your spanking." 
"This is what happens to young ladies who act unladylike SPLACKK WHACKK 
  Showing their naughty panty lines CRACK! SMACK! THWACKK! SPATTT! 
  Flouncing around displaying themselves disgracefully? WHAPP! THWACKK!  
   
"AAAAAAAOWW! AAAAAAAOOOOO! OOOOOHHHH!" 
  .  
"They get spanked" Ariel whimpered out through pucker pouting lips. 
"Oh please Arthur, please no more! I am burning up back there.  
"You don't realize how much a bare hairbrush spanking HURTS a woman." 
   
"BACK WHERE?" Arthur asked Ariel SPLATT! SPLATTT! SMACK! WHACK! CRACK! CRACKKK!
WHACKKK! "(F-FAA-RRRR&mdash;TTT)"  
  Ariel pooted her pride caused by her dressing sloth acknowledged and she would
  would not wear jeans with unladylike visible panty lines to work at Sno-Blo
  ever again.   
The pain in Ariel's ass multiplied and quadrupled as the hairbrush hitting
  her bruised red and purple ass flesh under the sheer panties and Arthur had
  to tighten his grip on the bucking young lady for the severe spanks her pert
  round ass and ass crack were absorbing. Oh WOOOOHHH Please Sir MY ASS HURT
  SO BAD! Ariel screamed  
 into the back room tile floor.  
 
   
  While Ariel lay gasping, panting, he suddenly raised her up and pushed her
  backwards just enough so he could get the panties lowered. Before she had time
  to register that the last shred of clothing protecting her modesty was going
  the way of the tight blue jeans, He had them zigzagging over the heated up
  thrust orbs, and the panties banded at mid thigh. 
   
"Tell me Ariel what you call that area, where you're feeling hot and  
  stinging now, the place you use to sway and swing to get men all hot and bothered. 
"Tell Me Missy where are you on fire?" 
   
"OOOOHHHH! OHHHUHHH! OWWW! OOOOOO HOOO BOOOOOO HOOOO!" "My my my My BOTTOM! "My
ASSUHHH! OWW Please No Mooooreeochhh" wailed Ariel as Arthur gave her a series
of stinging licks of hairbrush wood that now had her now tomato red jiggling
the pain overcame her and still again "P-P-PH-RRR-EEEETTTT", Ariel blew a high-pitched
fart. 
   
  Arthur noted the unladylike pooting and looked down at the undulating shiny 
  Tomato Red Ass now, but told a sniffling Ariel that for her unladylike pooting
  he intended to continue using her very own cherry wood backed hairbrush paddling.
  This sometimes aloof and shapely tennis player was going to be well and truly
  reduced to incoherent sobbing before he was finished with her bad employee
  ass!!! And he told her,   
 
"Remember this Ariel you're not going to sit down comfortably for a week. You're
going to remember this lesson in sloth and young lady!! 
&quot; Perhaps some anal discipline with the banana you forgot in your sloth
to put into the customer's smoothie will serve as a reminder as to where the
banana should go". She whimpered and nodded her head in complete affirmation
as her bottom burned and her boss pulled the sheer panties to the side of her
red and purple hot bottom cheeks to gain access to her tiny fear puckered pink
ass hole as Ariel awaited the anal assault of the hard wide banana in her virgin
ass hole. "Splutt" was the sound Ariel heard right before she felt the cold cream
on her shrinking bottom hole as the banana was painfully spreading her anal muscles
as half and then nearly all of the yellow banana's length disappeared into her
ass hole and she remained whimpering in new pain over his knee.   
The young lady employee was balling like a little girl and then it happened
  as she lost control of her tummy muscles and "F-F-R-RAPP Ariel Farted Loudly
  right in her bosses face as the displaced air forced up her ass bleated as
  the banana was removed with a "Plop" from her sore punished ass hole.. The
  pride of the once haughty waitress went out of her facial features and the
  smell that permeated the air was so stinky the hairbrush stopped its descent.  
"If you kiss the hairbrush that just spanked you", Ariel's Boss told her.  
Ariel nodded acceptance of his offer Yes anything, just stop the pain you
  are giving me!"  
The boss held the back of the maple hairbrush under the softball girl's arrogant
  nose. "kiss it Ariel," he ordered. At first the teen schoolgirl wrinkled her
  nose at the smell she had left from her fart on the surface of the hairbrush
  wood as she began to turn her shiny long brown haired head away as she also
  saw a splattering of her of red from a blood blister on her ass that had broken
  during the hard spanking. Finally she swallowed her pride and kiss the wooden
  punishment instrument that she had just lit a bonfire in her butt skin. Ariel
  rubbed her sore ass as she moved as fast as she could do to the corner in front
  of the room dutifully curtseying to her boss who had just punished her bad
  behavior.  
 The backroom scene to him was a spanker's dream come true. In the corner
  stood Ariel with a freshly spanked bottom still glowing a bright red with splotches
  of purple from the sound spanking he had just given the nineteen year old in
  the backroom.  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CarolinaSpanker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





