BDSM Library - The Road to Hell




The Road to Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The seven deadly sins take a road trip to Hell.
The Road to Hell

Featuring the seven deadly sins of Pride, Sloth, Lust, Gluttony, Envy, 
Wrath, and Greed, because they often intertwine and cannot be separated.

Pride stood beside the shining mini-bus, a picture of perfection.  At least 
she thought so.  The bus had been newly painted and buffed until it shone.  
Much like she had done to herself:  freshly scrubbed and made up, until she 
was the epitome of flawlessness, nude in all her glory.  She cast a 
despairing look at the others who had gathered.  They did not look nearly so 
beautiful in their nakedness, and for a moment she wished the rest of them 
had dressed.  Then she dismissed them from her thoughts.  After all, they 
were not worthy of more than a moment's consideration.  She ran her fingers 
through her hair, enjoying the soft, silky strands as it gleamed in the 
morning sunlight, just like the chrome bumper.  A manicured, long, red 
fingernail tapped on the clipboard, as she consulted the list.  "Lust," she 
said in a bored voice.  She did not even bother looking up as the stunning 
red head made her way to the door of the vehicle.

Lust shimmied her hips, knowing the men behind her would be watching.  Tall, 
curves in all the right places, her large breasts bouncing and swaying with 
every step.  Men had been known to fight over her long, lean legs, which now 
propelled her towards the bus.  She placed her foot onto the first step, as 
she flipped her gorgeous fiery hair over her head and winked at the men 
waiting their turn.  This was going to be an interesting trip; she just knew 
it.

As she boarded the bus, Lust's eyes automatically went to the only person 
who was sitting in their means of transportation.  Sloth looked terribly out 
of place on the crimson velvet seats.  Their beauty was a distinct offset to 
the creature slumped upon them.  The man looked...unkempt was the only word 
she could think to describe him.  He had long straggly hair, which had most 
likely never been combed, and a beard that had never been trimmed.  As Lust 
walked closer, she could detect the distinct smell of something very 
unpleasant coming from that body.  His skin was covered in dirt, so much so 
that it almost looked as if he were wearing clothes.  She wrinkled her nose 
in disgust and sat in the seat opposite to him.  Sloth did not even bother 
to turn around or offer a greeting.  His gaze was fixed on some unseen point 
off in the distance, a vacant expression on his face.

"Envy."

The woman with raven black hair scowled.  It just figured that Pride would 
call her name after Lust.  It was not as if she could ever compete with the 
spectacular red head.  It ate away at her, the inferiority she felt around 
the other woman.  If only her breasts were a little bigger.  If only her 
thighs a little tighter.  If only her legs were a little longer.  She was 
almost at the bus when she stumbled, her hand flying out to catch herself 
just before she fell.  If only she were a little more graceful.  Her frown 
deepened, as she made her way up the steps.

"Gluttony."

His heavy footsteps rumbled, as he made his way towards the steps; his great 
bulk shaking with each step he took.  His stomach growled loudly.  He hoped 
they would be allowed to eat on the bus.  It had been such a long time, at 
least five minutes, since his last meal.

"Wrath and Greed."

The two men made there way towards the entrance.  Greed pushed his shoulder 
into Wrath, as he made a quick move towards the doorway.  It would not do to 
be the last one.  His name should have been the first called.  He was the 
most important one here, after all.

Wrath's hand moved with great speed, ensnaring Greed's sandy locks with 
hard, cold, fingers, forcing his head backwards, halting his progress all 
together.  No one pushed the mighty Wrath around.  Not without paying that 
is.  He smiled wickedly, as Greed squirmed in his grasp, trying to free 
himself.  Wrath's dark eyes were almost black, as he watched impassively 
while his free hand formed a fist and slammed Greed right in the jaw.  The 
man tumbled to the ground.  "Wait your turn."  Slowly, Wrath made his way to 
the bus.

Greed seethed, but there was nothing he could do.  Wrath was much bigger and 
stronger than he.  And there was much, much worse that could happen.  Of 
course, the trip would either be very long or very short.  Either way, Greed 
would make sure there was enough time to get what was his due.

With the last passenger on board, Pride tucked the clipboard neatly into the 
glove compartment of the bus, took the driver's seat, and shut the door.  
She unfolded the map that had been resting on the dashboard, consulting it 
carefully.  Pride pored over the directions, trying to make sense of it all. 
  There seemed to be no scale so she could not tell how long the trip to 
Hell would take.  She folded the map back up, and started the bus.  It 
didn't really matter anyway.  Either way, that was where they were going, 
and she was going to get them there.

As they traveled along, Sloth continued staring out the window.  Lust 
watched him with interest.  What was he looking at?  There was nothing here 
but sand, sand, and more sand.  There was nothing worthwhile to see outside, 
just the same boring sight.  She moved a little closer, looking intently.  
She wondered if she could tempt him.  He was a man; at least he had the 
equipment.  And there had never been a male so far that she had come across 
whom she could not entice.  He would be no different.  Plus, she needed 
something to do to pass the time.

Lust slid into the seat next to Sloth, ignoring the smell.  After a moment, 
she didn't even notice it at all.  "Hello, Sloth.  I'm Lust.  Nice to meet 
you."  She held out her hand.

Sloth didn't move a muscle.  He just continued to stare at nothing.  Not 
about to give up so easily, Lust leaned forward and shook her breasts near 
his face.  That usually got a man's attention.  Sloth didn't even blink.

Lust took a look again to make sure he did have the right equipment.  Maybe 
it was broken.  It was hard to tell under all that grime.  She needed 
something to clean him with, so she could see a little better.  Rummaging 
through the pocket of the seat in front of her, Lust found a small cloth.  
Well, it wouldn't clean all of him, but certainly enough of him to ascertain 
what she needed to know.

Lust brushed the fabric over Sloth's limb cock.  She frowned.  She had only 
succeeded in moving the dirt around a bit, not really cleaning anything up.  
The temptress started to gather a huge wad of spittle in her mouth, before 
she spit it on the resting prick.  Then she started to rub vigorously.

It did not take long for things to start happening.  As she cleaned his 
cock, adding saliva when needed, not only did Lust discover that Sloth did 
have a magnificent penis hidden under all that dirt, but that it worked 
extremely well.  Soon, it was clean and standing proudly at attention.  She 
smiled, pleased with her work.  Not that he seemed to notice at all.  He 
just continued to stare out the window.  Well, she couldn't leave an 
upstanding prick like that unattended; it simply was not in her nature.  So, 
Lust lowered herself to the seat, lying on her back so he could admire her 
breasts, and put the cloth in his lap before resting her head there.  After 
all, it wouldn't do to get her hair dirty.

Gluttony's ears perked up at the sound of someone slurping.  Food.  Drink.  
Something, anything edible.  It was all he required.  He peeked out into the 
aisle and saw Lust's luscious legs sticking out, her knees wide apart.  Her 
shaven pussy glistened wetly.  His stomach rumbled loudly.  His favourite 
food just got offered on the menu:  hot, wet, cum.  Not about to deny 
himself the pleasure, he squeezed into the space between the seats, kneeling 
on all fours, and buried his face in her soft folds.  Eagerly, he lapped up 
the sweet, musky liquid she offered him, while he moaned in delight.

Pride glanced in the rearview mirror, seeing Gluttony eating Lust.  She 
frowned as she peered at the endless sand, which stretched in all 
directions.  She really had no idea where she was going.  The map was of no 
use at all.  She let out a frustrated hiss, and continued on, hoping this 
was the right way.

Meanwhile Envy heard something, she was sure of it.  It was probably one of 
the others, talking about her.  She was sure they were all discussing how 
she was not good enough to even be here.  Angrily, she stood up, intending 
to give them all a whipping with her tongue.  She was not prepared for the 
scene before her.  Lust's eyes were closed, as she sucked on the dick in her 
mouth, her body glowing, flushed with passion.  Gluttony was ravenously 
eating from her cunt, as if he had never tasted one before.  The trio paid 
no attention at all to their surroundings.  It was as if she did not exist 
at all for them.  Rage burned inside her.  How dare they ignore her this 
way?  What was wrong with her?  Why didn't that man want to eat her pussy?  
She should be the one who was sprawled out across the seat, without a care 
in the world as a man pleasured her, not that stupid Lust.

Would Gluttony even notice if she touched him?  She wondered.  He seemed so 
lost in what he was doing she was not sure she would ever be able to get his 
attention.  Did she matter so little?  She was going to find out.  Without 
another thought, she sat down in the aisle behind Gluttony, and spread his 
ass cheeks wide apart.  He did not even acknowledge her.  Well, let's see if 
he'll respond to this!  Her tongue flicked out over his tightly puckered 
hole.

His body jerked, his cock leaping up to hit his pudgy stomach.  Envy smiled. 
  So he did notice her after all.  He probably wished it were someone else.  
She licked him again, letting her hand drift down to her labia, spreading 
her lips wide.  Dragging a finger along her length, Envy found it dripping 
with her juices.  She settled on her clit and started to work, as she 
continued to move her tongue along Gluttony's hole.

Wrath watched Envy sitting right beside him in the aisle.  Stupid whore.  
What a slut she was.  Just look at her.  But worse than that, those 
withering and twisting bodies had not even asked him to join in.  Well, who 
needed them?  He stood up in front of Envy.  If she wanted to act like a 
brazen hussy, he would treat her like one.  She was licking Gluttony's 
ass-hole like a dirty little bitch.  Wrath leaned over her, resting his hand 
on the seat on the other side of her body and took his cock in the other 
hand.  He started to wank it, right in front of her face.  He was going to 
cum all over her, and there was nothing she was going to do to stop it.  
After all, it was no less that she deserved.

Greed watched the five of them, locked together in their sins.  He was not 
going to be left out either.  He always got what he wanted.  And looking at 
those five bodies, he wanted all of them.  But first he would start with 
Wrath.  He rubbed his sore jaw.  That man owed him.  He climbed over the 
seats until he was in the one Wrath had just vacated.  That nice tight ass 
was just begging to be taken.  Greed was not one to ignore an offer like 
that.  In one smooth move, he parted those butt cheeks and forced his way 
inside that snug hole.

And so the six sins began their dance.  Their bodies withering and twisting 
together, so it was impossible to tell where one started and the other 
began.  Indeed, they all seemed to be enjoying not only their own weakness 
but the others as well.

It was only Pride who stood apart.  She watched them all meshed together in 
the rearview mirror.  She did not think of joining them.  After all, they 
were not good enough for her.  But as she watched, she could not help but 
let her legs drift open over the velvet seats.  She let one hand dip inside 
the folds of her cunt, surprised to find it so wet.  She looked around 
again.  There was nothing in all directions except sand.  She had no idea 
where they were anymore.  It seemed that they had been traveling in circles. 
  Indeed, Pride could see tire tracks in the sand in front of her, which 
matched the bus' wheels.  The map was hopeless.  There was no one to ask 
directions, even if she wanted to.  Which she did not.  At the moment she 
was entirely too frustrated with her inability to accomplish what seemed to 
be a very simple task.  What she needed was a break, Pride decided.  So she 
stopped the vehicle where it was, put it in park, and turned her attention 
to where it was needed.  After all, what would it really hurt if she 
indulged herself just a little?  She deserved it, after all.

Both hands glided over her body, cupping her full breasts, lifting them up 
as if offering them to someone.  Pride had yet to find someone worthy of 
touching her, other than herself.  Those dark pink areolas tightened and 
puckered, as her thumb barely grazed the tip.  They looked so taut, so 
pointy, just begging to be played with.  How could she resist such 
perfection?  She grasped both nipples between her thumb and forefinger, and 
tugged on them, stretching them from her body.  Pride let out a soft moan, 
as the feelings of warmth and desire flooded her body.  She wiggled on the 
velvet seat, letting it brush against her wet pussy.  It was so soft, so 
exquisite, as it caressed her intimate folds.  She gave her nipples a 
painful twist, crying out, as the heat stabbed straight to her core.

Unable to resist any longer, she spread her legs wide, on either side of the 
seat, and shamelessly thrust her hips forward to give her better access to 
what she most wanted.  The first finger slid in easily, as did the second.  
Her thumb rubbed back and forth, slowly across her clit, as her other hand 
continued to pluck the ripeness of her breast.

Pride could feel the bus rocking with the movements of the others, and lost 
herself to the pleasure of her touch.  She knew it was wrong, that what they 
were all doing was wrong, but then she ceased to care.  It no longer 
mattered if they were indulging in their sins.  The only thing that mattered 
was the pleasure of her fingers, fucking her wet pussy.  She could hear the 
wet squelching sounds, as she plunged in and out, her thumb never stopping 
its intimate kiss.  The smell of sex permeated the air, not only hers, but 
of those from the others behind her.  She could hear them, moaning louder 
now, a course of cries coming together to make beautiful music.

Her breathing quickened, her heart beating furiously, as she heard the cries 
of ecstasy, one after the other coming from behind her.  It was more than 
she could take.  With one final flick of her thumb, Pride tipped over the 
edge, letting herself drift in the intensity of her climax.

As Pride felt the blissfulness of her orgasm receding, she blinked in 
surprise.  The bus was now parked in front of the gates of hell.  They had 
not been there when she pulled over.  Frowning she looked down.  The vehicle 
was still in park.  A knock at the door interrupted her confused thoughts.  
Automatically she opened it.  A dazzling male strode up the steps, smiling 
brightly.  "Welcome to Hell," the stranger greeted her.

"But, how did we get here?" she asked in bewilderment.

"Why I brought you here, of course."  The man laughed merrily.  "Allow me to 
introduce myself.  My name is Guilt."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anon_101_6


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





