BDSM Library - The Rite




The Rite
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A battle of wills.The Rite
1. Pride
 "You're weak.. that's why your my slave", she hissed in his ear.  
 He could feel her hot breath in his ear as she spoke. Her hands rested on
  his shoulders and her breasts rubbed against his back through the corset she
  was wearing. She had to crane up on her tiptoes to reach his ear but that didn't
  diminish the contempt in her voice.  
 "There's a reason you were captured. A reason you're chained here at my
  will and a reason you're hard but haven't come in ... what is it 2 ... 3 weeks
  ... a month? What has it been?"  
 " Answer me when I ask you a question!", she spat viciously twisting his
  nipple.  
 " I...I...don't know mistress", he stammered. He truly couldn't remember.
  His mind was in a fog. He despised her, but the cattle prod hanging on the
  wall kept him from disobeying. The mere thought of coming made him harder.  
 "Look at you, you randy little slut", she commented as she reached around
  to stroke the base of his cock. Her breasts again pressing against him and
  her breath was in his ear.  
 "My aren't we hard".  
 The weights hanging from his balls had ceased to be a distraction. His body
  twitched with the need to come. A white hot passion seared through his loins.  
 As she removed her hand, he bit his lip and let out a moan  
 "oooo aren't we horny", she cooed.  
 " What is it you like so much, my hand on your cock..... Lana licking your
  thighs... or your beautiful mistress rubbing against you ", she said reaching
  around and giving the base of his cock one small firm stroke. This time she
  rubbed up against him with what felt to him like naked breasts.  
 The feel of her breasts and the fact he could only imagine them not see
  them heightened his degree of frustration. He had almost forgotten about the
  ministrations of the naked slave on all fours in front of him. Her purpose
  was to titillate not to fulfill, and he knew that. He tried to avoid looking
  down at the sweet curves of her ample hips. Doing so only made him think of
  stepping behind her and ramming his cock into her.  
 Stepping in front of him and kicking the slave at his feet away she reached
  up and with one finger pulled his chin down so he looked into her eyes.  
 His gaze quickly surveyed her breasts but they were now back within the
  low cut bodice. He could however see the soft curves of her flesh as he stared
  down at her cleavage.  
 "Look me in the eye you slut!", she commanded swatting his dick with her
  hand for emphasis.  
 "You're weak. I control you. But you refuse to beg for the collar! Obviously
  you need to be taught your place. You still don't understand.", she said half
  as though she were thinking out loud.  
 "Tell you what. I'll make you a deal. A little contest. You win and you're
  free. You loose you're mine and you wear my collar", she said her voice quickening
  with each word.  
 "Hmmmm what do you think", she queried reaching down to slowly stroke his
  cock.  
 "I...I.... ahhh", he stammered only half comprehending what she said. His
  mind was consumed by the hand on his cock. Lust welled inside him, his body
  shivered in anticipation, his breath quickened.  
 "Ok here it is...", she began, immediately removing her hand from his cock
  and tugged on the weights hanging from his balls sending a jolt of pain through
  his scrotum.  
 The fire left him as quick as it had come. He gasped in frustration. He
  slumped against the chains holding his hands above him. Were it not for his
  bindings he would've collapsed on the floor. Slowly his breathing slowed and
  what little composure he had returned.  
 "Unless of course .... you'd like to beg for your collar now? Hmmm would
  you? Good slaves do get to cum...... would you like to cum?"  
 "... N... No ....", he managed. Trying to gain some composure.  
 "You don't want to cum? What a pity you look so horny", she said running
  her hand light over the length of his cock.  
 "N..No ....No... No collar... ".  
 His mind was racing. He wanted, needed more than anything to cum. He gazed
  down into the chasm of here breasts wanting to bury his face in them while
  she stroked his dick. But chained as he was he was helpless. No matter how
  much he needed to cum, no matter how great the pain his pride kept him from
  begging for the collar.  
 "Look at this pathetic creature", she mused to herself. She could easily
  get him to beg for the collar using the prod. But it just wasn't fun that way,
  and it missed the point. Slaves must have no pride. There is no place for pride
  in a slave. Theirs is to do and be, as masters and mistress's wish, unconditionally.
  All the better for a slave to eliminate pride on their own. Then they have
  truly given themselves and they are slaves to the core.  
 "Lust is ok. Lust makes a slave all the more interesting, at least as far
  as she was concerned. Lust can enslave but only in the absence of pride. That
  she knew and understood well"  
 "Ok here it is ..", she began again.  
 " When next we meet, a little contest. If at the end you're wearing my collar
  then you're mine. If not, you're free", she stated.  
 With one last stern look in his eyes she turned to leave.  
    
 "Lana come".  
 He gazed at the two women walking from the room. One head high and an air
  of haughtiness the other hands clenched behind her back following her mistress.
  On both he could see the soft curves where their buttocks met their thighs
  beneath their short fluttering skirts.  
"Back to the pens, hands confined", he heard as the door slammed behind them
  with a thud.  
 2. Lust  
 The slave stood in the center of the room her hands clasped behind her head,
  legs spread and breasts jutting out as her mistress circled around her. The
  slave trembled with desire as she caught the scent of her mistress passing
  in front of her. It had been over a week since she had been allowed to cum,
  an unusually long time for her but not for may of her owners slaves. She was
  a slave, her owner's property and she would cum only when allowed to. She would
  endure anything asked of her. She existed for her mistress's pleasure and longed
  to fulfill that role. Seeking pleasure in the pleasing of her mistress was
  all she knew.  
The deft stroke of her mistress's hand on her buttock sent a shiver of passion
  through her. Her owner's hand ran down under her buttock under the short sarong
  draped over her hips and slowly rose to her breasts encased in a see through
  mesh top. She arched her back longing to give her mistress the pleasure of
  her breast if that is what she desired.  
 "hmmm mmmm mmmm.... Louise you delicious little tart ... ", her mistress
  declared.  
 "Listen closely. If you do a good job and I mean good! I'll give you Rob
  and Jake to use for an evening".  
 The extra incentive wasn't needed as she longed to kneel and please but
  the though of the two massive slaves at her feet sent a delicious twinge through
  her loins. She had never had such an opportunity before. The though had never.....  
 "Listen!", her mistress's sharp command broke her thoughts.  
 "Do as I say and you'll be rewarded. Come!', and with that her owner turned
  and briskly moved toward the door.  
 Putting her hands behind her back she scampered on the balls of her feet
  to catch up.  
---------  
 He lay there chained to the table. Hands chained the the top of the bench
  and hes legs spread and chained to each bottom corner. There was a thick strap
  across his hips. Beneath his neck lay an open iron collar, the joint in the
  back painfully bitting into his neck in spite of the give of the padded surface
  of the table. The two halves of the collar stuck into the air on each side
  of his neck separated by several inches. When he gazed down at his toes he
  could see their blurred outlines.  
 Despite himself he found himself getting hard. His body twinged in anticipation
  despite his minds reservations. He had forgotten the last time he had cum.
  He wasn't even able to imagine what it was like anymore. However, his body
  longed for release. Even though he hadn't cum he hadn't been without pleasure.
  His mistress saw to that. The titillation was almost constant either visual
  or physical. He hadn't seen her since the encounter where she had announced
  her 'contest' and he new their next encounter would be pivotal. He didn't for
  a moment believe he could be freed as she said but he knew if his resolve failed
  the result would be disastrous.  
 The collar was new. Never before had it touched his neck. The metals constant
  cold reminding him of it's presence. The joint pressing into the bones in his
  neck dampened his arousal allowing him to furthering his resolve.  
 He had lost track of time laying there with the twin sensations of his erect
  cock twitching in the air and the joint of the opened collar biting into his
  neck.  
Suddenly with a soft thump the heavy wooden door opened and his mistress
  briskly walked in with a slave scampering behind on the balls of her feet.
  His mistress had on a satin chemise cut low with only the slightest of straps
  on her shoulders. The chemise hugged her left thigh and cut diagonally across
  to her opposite thigh inviting him to try to peer in the shadows between her
  legs. The slave had on a brief sarong and a mesh top that only seemed to accentuate
  rather than conceal her body.  
 The slave stole a glance his way and their eye's met. At once the slave's
  eyes were averted to the floor.  
 "That's a willing slave", he thought. "Not me though, never!".  
 "Why look at you! ", his mistress exclaimed, motioning for the slave to
  kneel and approaching the bench.  
 "Did you miss me?", she purred in mock playfulness.  
 "It sure looks like you did", she continued while reaching down to stroke
  his cock.  
 His breath immediately started to quicken and his loins started to tighten.  
 "Oh my aren't we frisky today", she said withdrawing her hand leaving his
  cock twitching in the air.  
 She bent over and reseted her chin on his shoulders. He tried to keep his
  eyes facing upward but despite himself he found himself averting his eyes to
  look at her. His eyes were immediately drawn to the sight of her breasts hanging
  loosely in the chemise. He could almost make out the faint beginning of her
  nipples.  
 She hovered there for a moment allowing him a good eyeful.  
 "Like the view? You're so predictable. Can't resist.... can you? ", she
  said disdainfully.  
 "Hey guess what ? ", she continued, standing up and idly running her hand
  over his smooth chest.  
 "It's time for our little contest! But I'm sure you remembered ... didn't
  you? Maybe  
that's why your so excited", she said motioning toward his cock.  
 "Oh look I see you have your collar ready! Shall we close it up now? If
  we do you can have your way with Louise?".  
 With that his imagination ran wild with the thoughts of a female body to
  use. He glanced toward the kneeling slave unable to see anything other than
  a shoulder and a hip behind his mistress.  
 "hmmm what do you think?".  
 "No", it was all he could mutter.  
 "Pity, but it will be more fun this way", she stated confidently.  
 "Louise come!", she barked while walking around behind his head.  
 Louise trotted over on the balls of her feet, hands behind her back, breast
  bouncing underneath her top. Her nipples now pushing out against the fine mesh
  but were two large to slip through.  
 "What do you link of him Louise?" Looks like he will make a fine slave don't
  you think? Go ahead look him over. But don't touch yet".  
 "Yes Mistress", came the slave's reply. Her eyes hungrily devoured his body
  coming to rest on his thick hard cock. Louise pursed her lips and hungrily
  licked them, her breath quickening .  
 "Louise turn around and bend over. Show him what you have to offer ".  
 Louise turned and bent at the waist. Her sarong riding up on her buttocks
  . All her charms were on display. The sweet curves of her ample hips framed
  the lines of her sex meshed in between sinewy muscular thighs.  
 "What a nice pussy. Wouldn't you agree.".  
 His gaze was transfixed at her rotund bottom. His breath was quickening
  and his tongue licked his lips.  
 "Would he be allowed this woman? As he wished?". He had given up hope. He
  had put such thoughts from his mind, but his mistress had planted the seed
  in his imagination and his mind ran wild with it.  
 "hmmmm I think he likes you Loiuse! Stand up turn around and show him how
  yummy your boobs are", the mistress coached.  
 Louise stood, turned around and gathered her breasts together in her hands.
  Pursing her lips in pleasure. Her hands kneaded and massaged her breasts pressing
  them up and together.  
 "Take off your top and play with your nipples", mistress continued.  
 Louise complied and soon was rolling her nipples between the fingers of
  her hands.  
 He stared up at her transfixed longing to bring his mouth to one of the
  slave's nipples.  
 "Louise, is your pussy getting wet?", mistress asked.  
 "Yes mistress!", Louise replied as she kept tweaking her nipples.  
 "mmmmm let's see then... put your fingers in your cunt and see if they come
  out wet.".  
 Louise reached to her crotch and massaged her slit, then slowly inserted
  a finger in her cunt. Her hips moved forward to embrace the advances of her
  hand. Her eyes closed and her lips parted as she gave herself up to her fingers.  
"tut tut now, that's enough", scolded the mistress.  
 With a sigh Louise removed her fingers from her slit and took a moment to
  catch her breath.  
 "oooo look at that, you are wet aren't you.... what a good little slut",
  mistress chimed in.  
 "Wipe your hand off on your tit."  
 "Yes mistress", Loise responded.  
 "Would you like a taste of 'pussy nipple'? ", the mistress bent and whispered
  in his ear loud enough for Louise to hear.  
 All he could do was emit a low guttural moan. He was transfixed on Louise's
  breasts.  
 "Louise!", the command was simple but Louise knew what was expected of her..  
 Louise bent to offer him her breast smeared with the juices of her sex.
  When her breast was inches from his face she stopped.  
 He tried to crane his head to reach Louise's breast but his mistress had
  a hold of the hair on his head immobilizing him.  
 He whimpered in frustration.  
 "Not just yet!", she said reaching up to fondle Louise's breast just above
  his face.  
 " Would you like a little lick?", she purred in his ear.  
 His breath had quickened and his lips were parted in passion. His head strained
  trying to reach the breast, but she held it immobile.  
 "Stop. Be a good boy and wait till you're told to lick."  
 He sank back and waited. Hoping he would be allowed.  
 "Now let's see your tongue, stick it out", the voice breathed in his ear.  
 The voice was all consuming. His world consisted of the breast looming in
  front him and a voice echoing in his head.  
 "There we go, stretch out your tongue. Now put it back."  
 He complied, licking his lips and staring at the breast.  
 "Now when I say so take one little lick, understand"  
 "Yes ", he mouthed.  
 "Ok , now ...a ... little .... taste", she said drawing out each word.  
 Her free hand now brought Louse's breast close enough for his outstretched
  tongue to lick. His tongue met her nipple and he hungrily tried to suck in
  her breast.  
 "Stop!", she commanded pulling his head back and pushing Louise inches away.  
 Again he whimpered with desire.  
 "I said one lick. Now let's try again. Be a good slave and do as your told",
  she said sternly.  
 As Louise breast was lowered toward him mistress coached, "Now be a good
  boy, just one lick. Do as your mistress bids. Just one...."  
 The voice in his ear consumed his thoughts. " one lick.. just one... ",
  echoed over and over in his mind.  
 When the breast was close enough he brought out his lounge and slowly, lovingly
  ran it from just below the aureole up over the nipple trying to savor every
  chance to lick. His nostrils drank in the scent of Louise's sex smeared on
  her breast. As his tongue returned to his mouth he could taste her. The smell
  and taste of Louise was now intoxicating him.  
 "mmmmm that's a good boy" , the voice in his head purred emphasizing 'boy'.  
 The praise warmed him and calmed him somewhat. He felt proud of doing as
  he was bid and not loosing control.  
 "Would you like to suck on my slave's nipple", the voice continued.  
 As before he could only mouth, "Yes", transfixed as he was on the breast.  
 "She's my slave you know. I own her. She does what I want when I want. This
  breast in front of you is mine. Her cunt is mine. She sucks what I want and
  fucks what I want. She would even fuck you if I told her to. Would you like
  her to fuck you? "  
 The thought of fucking Louise sent a shiver of pleasure through him.  
 "Now be a good slave and give Louise's nipple one little suck. You can do
  that, can't you. You can be a good slave. Obey your mistress. Your mouth is
  mine. Louis's nipple is mine they both must do what I say. Just one little
  suck. You can do that can't you slave"  
There was nothing in the world but the voice and the breast to him. He resolved
  to do it perfectly. As he was bid. Maybe he would be rewarded for a good performance.
  He opened his mouth in anticipation.  
Louise lowered her breast and his mouth rose to meet it. He breathing deeply
  through his nose to take in the aroma of her sex still wafting below her breast.
  He opened his mouth to envelope her aureole's and ran his lips slowly toward
  her nipple, all the while moving his tongue over and around her nipple. As
  his lips closed around her nipple he slowly sucked in and drew his head back
  till her nipple popped out.  
 Dropping his head back he savored the taste and smell of Louise  
 "Very good slave. You really are trying to please!"  
 He basked in the glow of the praise and readied himself for his next task.  
 "That's enough!", mistress exclaimed, pushing Loise away and raising her
  head from his ear thus breaking the spell.  
 Seeing Louise move away he struggle against his bonds to follow but they
  didn't give.  
 "oooo ... wee.... liked that did you?", mistress commented watching him
  writhe on the table.  
 "Up with you Louise, down between his legs!", mistress commanded after watching
  him suffer in frustration for a minute.  
 "Just be careful of his cock. He could explode at any moment, from the looks
  of him".  
 Louise did as she was bid, kneeling up between his legs.  
 "Louise why don't you lick his balls for me", suggested the mistress.  
 Louise lowered he head and gently nuzzled his balls. Causing him to gasp
  in pleasure. Looking down at his feet he could see the outline of Louise's
  hips in the air.  
 Louise slowly circled her tongue around one ball then the other. She then
  put her tongue at the base of his scrotum and licked up between his balls.
  Then gently sucked one ball in her mouth, then the other. Starting her tongue
  at the base of his dick she licked all the way around his ball sac. Then she
  began the routine again. All the while purring in pleasure.  
 The voice of his mistress continued at his ear, "mmm I think she likes your
  balls. She doesn't get to play with balls much. Most of the time she's licking
  my pussy. Would you like to lick my pussy? Maybe Louise would suck your dick
  while you slaved over my pussy? Would you like that. She would do it if I told
  her to. Maybe if you learned to be a good pussy licking slave I'd let you fuck
  Louise. Would you like that. Would you like to ram your dick into Louise's
  cunt".  
 The immagry of fucking Louise and the licking of his balls sent shivers
  of pleasure through his body. His hips strained against the strap holding him.
  His breath quickened as his cock furiously twitched in the air.  
 "Louise", barked mistress at the same time reaching up and violently twisting
  his nipple,  
 Louise immediately raised her head.  
 Pain from his nipple shot through him, quelling the fire in his loins. Slowly
  his breath slowed but his body still shivered with expectation.  
 He looked down his nose to see Louise hovering above him on all fours. Her
  legs straddling his hips., her breasts hanging down.  
 Mistress's voice started in again, her breath hot on his ear. "Louise doesn't
  get to fuck much. Usually she licks my tits and my pussy and sometimes I let
  her come on my hand. She's a good pussy licking slave. She'll do anything I
  want. Won't you Louise?".  
 "Yes mistress ", gasped Louise the thought of crawling between her owner's
  legs exciting her even more.  
 "She would even fuck you if I told her too. Would you like Louise to fuck
  you. Would my two slaves like to put on a little show. Fuck for your mistress.
  Would my two slaves like to fuck? Louise's pussy is real tight. Since she's
  a pussy licker it stays nice and tight. It doesn't get fucked. Would you like
  to be my slave an fuck Louise's tight wet pussy. Hmmm would you?  
 His breath quickened. His desire was unbearable. He had only to give himself
  to her and he would be released. He strained against his bonds yet again.  
 "Louise give him a little taste, but just a little".  
 Louise moved her hips back running her slit along his erect cock stopping
  so that his cock was at the entrance to her cunt. As his breath quickened Louise
  moved away.  
 "Aggghhh...", he moaned as Louise moved away from his cock.  
"Like that did you? How would you like it if Louise cleaned your cock up
  with her mouth after fucking you. She will suck anything I say. I own her.
  Just like I own you. She's good at sucking my strapon I bet she's good at sucking
  dick to. Maybe you'd like her to suck you instead of fucking you."  
 ".n..n... no", he muttered beside himself with lust.  
 "Louise I think he wants to fuck. Give him another taste."  
 Louise backed up and this time moved the head of his dick into her pussy,
  then swiveled her hips around. Then quickly moved forward.  
 The warmth of her tight wet pussy around the head of cock made his whole
  body shiver with lust.  
"ahhhh please.....please", he begged. He craned his head to look down at
  Louse and saw her rear perched right in front of his cock. His hips strained
  against the strap trying to force himself into her.  
 "Would my slaves like to fuck for their mistress? Or should I have Louise
  come lick my pussy. Louise I don't think he wants to be mine. Come down now."  
 "No.....please ...mistress .... I ... I'll be yours. ", he gasped giving
  into lust and giving himself to her.  
 She bent again to his ear.  
" I think you just want to fuck Louise and feel that hot pussy on your dick.
  Do you really want to be my slave?".  
 "Yes!'.  
 "Will you fuck and suck whoever and whatever I say? Will you give yourself
  to me for whatever pain or pleasure I desire?"  
"Yes... mistress".  
"What if I tell you, you'll never fuck Louise, you'll never fuck a woman
  again. You'll be given to whoever I desire to be used as they desire?", she
  continued, now rising above him.  
The last vestiges of pride had left him. Lust had overcome him. Crazed with
  lust he felt nothing but the desire to please his mistress.  
 He opened his eyes and looking up into the eyes of his mistress and said, " please
  collar me mistress I'm yours".  
 With that his mistress reached down and closed the collar. Snapping it shut
  with a loud clink. The cold of the metal now enveloping all of his neck.  
"You're mine. I own you.", was all she said.  
"Louise!".  
 Louise knew what was next. She rose up and rammed her steaming pussy down
  on his cock. She furiously ground her hips into his groin knowing she didn't
  have long. Louise mouth parted and she moaned in pleasure., his thick cock
  filling her.  
 His whole being came alive in ecstasy. His hips strained at the strap wanting
  to slam in to Louise but he was held immobile and was helpless as the lust
  welled inside him . His muscles tightened as his loins readied to unleash his
  long pent up seed. As a wave gathers to unleash it's fury on the shore his
  body sucked all it's energy into propelling himself into Louise and unleashing
  his load inside her.  
"Off!", shouted mistress.  
 Biting her lip and moaning in rapture Louise raised her hips off him. Gasping
  for breath she toppled to the floor too weak from ecstasy to raise herself.
  Her hand moved to her pussy such was her need, then realizing she hadn't been
  bidden to please herself she put her hands behind her back and lay there gasping.  
 Louise got off him to late for him to stop but to early to give him any
  gratification. His whole body strained to propel his seed. His hips desperately
  trying to drive into something. His cock twitched and gyrated with nothing
  but air to clasp it. His hands desperately wanted to wring the ecstasy from
  his cock but were kept at bay. His cum shot in the air and spattered on his
  chest and shoulders. He had spent himself but he was far from satisfied. He
  wished now that he hadn't even cum. It merely left him aching to feel the pleasure
  of something wrapped around his cock as he came.  
"Slave", mistress jeered down at him.  
She then turned toward the door.  
"Louise", came her last command.  
Louise picked herself up off the floor and scampered after her, hands behind
  her back.  
"Back to the pens, hands restrained", was the last thing he heard as the
  door closed with a soft thud.  
 He stared up at the ceiling wondering what he had done, as the cold metal
  of the collar settled in around his neck.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doug Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





