BDSM Library - Caworth




Caworth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two ladies shelter in a mausoleum on the anniversary of the destruction by fire of the associated manor; a fire which killed many of the occupants while they were engaged in an evening of debauchery. The ladies find themselves intimately involved in that evening.Caworth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF NC Rape Punishment  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
Chapter 1. The Mausoleum   
&quot;I hate to say this Betty,&quot; Blanche shouted above the noise of
  the wind and rain, &quot;I don't think we are going to make it to the B&amp;B
  tonight.&quot;  
&quot;We've got to find some shelter from this wind though. We won't last
  the night out in the open in this weather. Maybe we can get to the Mausoleum
  at the Manor house ruins. I seem to remember there was quite an overhang to
  the roof,&quot; Betty replied speaking directly into her companion's ear.  
Both women were experienced hikers but this time the early October weather
  had caught them out. The morning forecast was for quite reasonable weather
  and they started out in bright sunshine with high expectations of a good day's
  walking, but by midday the clouds thickened and rain coupled with a strong
  head wind followed shortly afterwards. Soon clouds blotted out the landscape
  and the pair were forced to proceed slowly and navigate by compass to keep
  their direction over the open moorland. Fortunately they had walked the route
  before and could pick out a number of landmarks when they were close enough
  to see them. Such was the case now as they rested for a few moments in the
  lee of an unusual shaped boulder.  
&quot;Yes, we sat and ate lunch there a couple of years back. It was a sun-trap
  then, not like now! Should be less than a mile but it is going to get dark
  early tonight so we best keep on. The track will be too tricky to get down
  in the dark. It's a spooky place but we should survive.&quot;  
Caworth Manor was at one time the home of the Dickwood family but fire gutted
  it in 1928 and many of the family and staff lost their lives. The fire was
  an arson attack perpetrated by the husband of one of the maids in reprisal
  for Lord Dickwood's cuckolding of his wife. The incident was reported in the
  Yorkshire Echo for October 11th 1928.  
'Fire last night totally destroyed Caworth Manor, the home of Lord
      Dickwood and his family. He, his wife and over thirty guests, including
      a number of other nobility, and staff lost their lives in the tragedy.
      It appears the fire was started deliberately by Henry Bottomly with the
      intention of destroying the place and causing the deaths of the Dickwood
      family. He is believed to have lost his life in the fire too. Only the
      cook, five maids and four men were able to escape by battering down the
      wooden door to the coal cellar. Ironically one of those who escaped was
      Mrs. Edna Bottomly who tearfully confided in our reporter. &quot;When my
      husband found out that his Lordship and his friends were using me and the
      other maids in ways that only a husband should, he became very angry. At
      the best of times he was a very short-tempered man. He forbade me to work
      there any longer but I refused to give up the work because it was well
      paid and Henry couldn't do much work because of his gammy leg. He must
      have followed me to the house and got in the back way and locked the door.
      Most of the guests and a lot of the staff were in the upstairs gaming room.
      I had been for most of the time but had to go down to the cellar for more
      wine. When I came up one end of the hall was well alight and Henry was
      throwing lamp oil on any furnishings that would burn. I tried to get out
      of the side door but that was locked and I couldn't get near the main entrance
      or the back door because of the flames. Henry didn't see me because he
      was busy taking setting fire to the stairway. Mr. Jeffries, one of the
      butlers, said to go to the cellar, which I did along with some of the kitchen
      staff. The door to the coal chute was bolted from the outside but two of
      the men broke it open and we escaped.&quot;'    
The report listed the dead and the findings of the investigating officers.  
Since then, the house had been plundered for building stone but the mausoleum,
  a large ornate building containing the tombs of the Dickwood family from 1707,
  was still intact and the whole site was now maintained by the Caworth Preservation
  Trust.  
&quot;Here we are Betty,&quot; Blanche exclaimed as she dumped her pack on
  the ground alongside one of the pair of ionic columns that framed the entrance
  door. &quot;And it is comparatively dry and sheltered under this arch. It won't
  be comfortable but in our sleeping bags it shouldn't be too bad.&quot;  
Betty dumped her rucsac and agreed. &quot;I could use my mobile and call
  for help if you think it is necessary.&quot;  
&quot;No,&quot; Blanche replied, &quot;We've been in worse situations. The
  stone ledge will be hard and cold but with our sleeping bags inside the large
  outer plastic bag, we should be warm enough or at least we shouldn't freeze
  to death.&quot; She rummaged in her rucsac and found her LED headband torch
  and put it on. &quot;You fill your billie with water and I'll get the stove
  going. We can at least make some hot chocolate and we've got our emergency
  rations and the left-overs from our packed lunch.&quot; Blanch set the little
  gas burner in the corner by the doorjamb and then on impulse tried to turn
  the iron ringed doorknob. To her amazement, the door opened. &quot;I guess
  one of the trust people forgot to lock it,&quot; she told her friend.  
&quot;I don't know if we ought to go in, Blanche. I'm not sure I want to
  sleep in with those dead bodies.&quot; Betty had visions of a charnel house
  with the skulls of the long departed grinning hideously at her. Blanche was
  already inside.  
&quot;There's no sign of dead bodies Betty, just tombs like you see in churches.
  It's dry and clean so I guess the trust people did some cleaning in here. We
  could zip our bags together and lie on this double tomb.&quot; She read the
  inscription, &quot;Here lyeth the remains of Lord Richard Dickwood and of his
  wife May who died in a tragic fire on the 10th day of October in the year of
  our Lord Nineteen hundred and twenty-eight. R.I.P.&quot; Blanche paused and
  remarked, &quot;Today's the anniversary of the fire.&quot;  
&quot;And no doubt the warlocks and witches will be about,&quot; muttered
  Betty who had now entered the mausoleum too, &quot;But you're right, we'll
  be better off in here than under the archway. I'll bring our things in.&quot;  
For the next half an hour, they explored the room and made themselves a warm
  drink and ate some food. Feeling a little more relaxed, they sat by the flickering
  light of the emergency candle. It was shorter and thicker than the normal household
  candle and was reputed to burn for a longer time. This was its first time they
  needed to use it. &quot;We'll have to shut the door to keep the draught down
  but I'll push a piece of the thick card from the chocolate box between the
  lock and the keep to prevent anyone locking us in.&quot; Blanche acted on her
  suggestion. &quot;That will also keep the door from banging. Now let's nip
  out for a quick pee and then get our boots and outside clothes off and snuggle
  into our sleeping bags,&quot; she went on. &quot;It will be much warmer in
  them.&quot;  
The pair were no strangers to sleeping together. Betty moved in with Blanche
  ten years previously, when they were both 26 years old. She obtained a job
  at the firm where Blanche had worked for a year and put a card on the staff
  notice board asking if anyone could suggest an address for accommodation. Blanche
  answered the request, saying she had a spare room but in less than a month
  the two found themselves sleeping in the same bed and that arrangement had
  continued ever since.  
Tonight though, there would be little love making. The cold air and the hardness
  of the marble top to the tomb necessitated leaving on as much of their under
  clothing as possible. Only their faces were uncovered. For a while they cuddled
  close and talked in hushed tones of their experiences and what little they
  knew of the people lying under them. Soon though exhaustion took over and they
  dosed off.  
&quot;Ah! You're here at last. No need for you to sleep in this place. We
  have been expecting you. Please come with me.&quot;  
Blanche woke with a start and stared at the uniformed man holding an oil
  lantern. Betty gave a little scream. The lantern held close to the man's face
  produced shadows that gave him a ghoulish appearance and in this mausoleum
  she believed they could have come from a devilish source. Quickly she scrambled
  out of the sleeping bag and ran for the door. It was locked. The bolt appeared
  to have penetrated the card.  
Chapter 2. Meeting Lord Dickwood   
&quot;This way please Miss Cecilia,&quot; the man indicated to Betty and
  then to Blanche, &quot;And you too M'lady. We mustn't keep his lordship waiting.&quot;  
&quot;Who are you?&quot; Blanche tried to sound firm but her voice cracked.  
&quot;Craven, M'lady. Head butler. Now please do hurry. You have to get ready
  for the party and some of the guests are already here.&quot;  
&quot;Party? And why do you keep calling me M'lady?&quot; Blanche queried
  as she to slid out of the sleeping bag. Betty was still trying to find a way
  of opening the door.  
&quot;The party to celebrate the second year of your marriage to his lordship,
  Lady Dickwood. This way please.&quot; Craven led her to the opposite end of
  the room from the door. Puzzled at the strange happening, Blanche felt compelled
  to follow and Betty, not wishing to be left on her own ran and clasped her
  friend's hand.  
&quot;Please be careful ladies, these steps are a little steep.&quot; At
  the end of the room a floor slab had been lifted to reveal a set of stone steps
  that led downward. Craven went first and waited at the bottom holding the lantern
  high to illuminate the stairs for them.  
&quot;I'm glad I've still got my walking socks on,&quot; Blanche muttered, &quot;These
  stone flags are cold enough through the wool.&quot; Betty gripped her hand
  tighter and Blanche could tell she was shaking with fear. Although also somewhat
  afraid, Blanche took it more as a dream adventure into something that might
  turn out to be very exciting. From the bottom of the stairway they were taken
  along a low, damp tunnel for about fifty yards to another set of stairs that
  went upwards. From the direction and distance Blanche guessed they should come
  up in one of the grassed areas that once were the inside of the Manor. Craven
  went up the stairs without stopping. The ladies followed not wishing to be
  left behind in the dark.  
To her surprise, they emerged in what was obviously the cellar of the house. &quot;This
  must be under the grass,&quot; Blanche said to herself, but then realised there
  were other people around and the cellar was lit by many candles. Maids and
  boys moved purposefully around collecting vegetables and wines. Craven and
  the two women followed a pair of maids up a larger staircase and came out in
  the kitchen. After the coldness of the tomb, the heat was comforting but made
  them a little drowsy.  
&quot;Good evening M'lady and Miss Cecilia,&quot; a round faced woman addressed
  them, &quot;Nice to have you here.&quot; Turning to Craven she went on, &quot;You
  found them then?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Cook, lying on top of their tomb as we expected.&quot;  
&quot;Good. We can go ahead with the party now as planned. I'll get Mrs.
  Crabshaw to tell a couple of the maids to take them to their rooms and help
  them dress for the party.&quot;  
&quot;What are we doing here please?&quot; Betty asked timidly. &quot;Where
  are we?&quot;  
&quot;In the kitchen at Caworth Manor. Where else are you likely to be?&quot; There
  was a hint of scorn in the woman's voice, &quot;And you're here to celebrate
  the master's second year of marriage. How could you forget such a thing? The
  master would soon impress that on you even if you are M'lady's sister.&quot;  
In the few minutes they waited, Blanche and Betty looked around the kitchen
  and noticed all the men and women were working hard to prepare a meal on the
  huge black stove and on the open hearth. &quot;They even have electricity here,
  Betty,&quot; Blanche whispered noting the odd pointed shape of the bulbs and
  the flickering light. &quot;If this really is 1928, this must be one of the
  first houses to have electricity in the area. Must have their own generator
  somewhere.&quot; Although her mind couldn't really believe she was in a room
  that only existed until seventy-five years previously, she wanted to observe
  as much as she could. Perhaps it was a dream but if it was then it was very
  real. She could feel the heat, smell the cooking, and respond to those who
  brushed passed her in the course of their work. But if it wasn't a dream, then
  what was it? In couldn't be real, could it?  
A thin, sharp-nosed woman entered the kitchen followed by two scantily clad
  young girls. &quot;Good evening M'lady and Miss Cecilia. I'm Mrs. Crabshaw
  head of household and this is Joanna and Emily,&quot; she announced, &quot;They
  will take you to your rooms and help you dress. You have a little over an hour
  before you must be in the dining room.&quot; Dress? Both ladies looked at each
  other. Betty had to smile. Here they were in a grand house, wearing woolly
  socks, long johns, sweaters and a woolly hat. Just as they had been when they
  scrambled from their sleeping bags. In the situation they now found themselves
  where everyone wore some kind of uniform, they looked very incongruous. Blanche
  thrust it from her mind and all the staff seemed to be taking no notice either.  
&quot;Thank you Mrs. Crabshaw,&quot; Blanche answered, trying to get into
  the part she still believed was a dream.  
&quot;This way if you please ma'am,&quot; Joanna, the older of the two maids
  spoke, &quot;His Lordship wishes to speak with you first. He's in the games
  room.&quot; The girls led them up a wide ornate staircase and into a large
  room. A few well-dressed men stood around smoking pipes but all eyes were focused
  on one of the maids bent over the back of a chair and the tall, distinguished
  looking man applying a strap to her bare buttocks. Joanna and Emily stopped
  a few feet away and curtsied.  
Lord Dickwood looked up and paused and placed the strap down over the back
  of the maid. &quot;Stay there, I haven't finished with you girl.&quot; Blanche
  and Betty were horrified at the sight but also felt a stirring between their
  legs at the sight of the young girl's well-displayed cunt. There was little
  time for them to think or protest. His lordship put his arms around Blanche
  and gave her a hug and a passionate kiss, &quot;May my dear, so glad you were
  able to come. It's been a long while.&quot;  
Betty had the same treatment, which caused her some concern. &quot;If Blanche
  is his wife, should he kiss me quite like that? Maybe he was a debauched as
  the stories say.&quot;  
&quot;If you'll excuse me for a few moments ladies, I'll finish warming this
  young girl's arse and then we'll go to your room and while you change from
  that amusing costume, I will explain what will happen at the party.&quot;  
&quot;Why are you&hellip;?&quot; Blanche started.  
&quot;Oh Darcy complained she didn't perform very well and just lay still
  when he took his prick to her. I've only given her a few strokes so far so
  you can watch while I put some real fire into her cunt, unless you would prefer
  to do it.&quot; Blanche shook her head. To her it looked as if the sobbing
  girl had already got a fiery bum but she decided if it was a dream she shouldn't
  say anything. Tears were rolling down Betty's cheeks but she too kept quiet.  
After another dozen strokes the girl was crying loudly and pleading she would
  perform better next time. Her arse was now a livid colour. Lord Dickwood put
  the strap down and the maid started to stand and rub her painful bottom cheeks
  but she was ordered to stay in position. &quot;We'll see if you really mean
  what you say Henrietta. We'll see if you perform better next time.&quot; He
  looked around the room. &quot;Boy, come here,&quot; he ordered one of the footman
  standing at the side of the room, &quot;You look as though you are aroused
  by the sight, drop your breeches and fuck this miserable bitch and do it hard
  so we see if she is going to perform better.&quot;  
&quot;Sir, I don't think we should watch this,&quot; pleaded Blanche. It
  was the first time for many years that she had seen a man's erection and she
  knew her companion hadn't either.  
&quot;You will watch and take note,&quot; he replied brusquely, &quot;You
  will certainly need to make sure you perform well later May, otherwise your
  arse will be just as sore and seeing you're my wife, it will be the birch that
  you feel! That goes for you too, Cecilia.&quot; Blanche turned away but was
  soon grabbed from behind and held so she had to watch. &quot;Joanna, you hold
  Cecilia,&quot; he ordered and then commanded the boy to fuck with more force.  
At first Blanche was only held around the waist but soon she felt one hand
  forcing its way inside her long johns and knickers while the other headed upwards
  until it found her left breast. &quot;Please don't.&quot; she pleaded. Her
  eyes looked around the room and noticed all the men were looking leeringly
  at her.  
&quot;May, you may only be playing the part of my wife but you will play
  it realistically. By the end of the evening you will think this very mild.
  May loved pricks in all her holes and by the time the party is over, you and
  Cecilia will have had them well filled too, even if you need many strokes of
  the birch first. Our guests will love that. You can see how this little strapping
  has aroused them. It will delight them further to see a Lady suffer under the
  bite of the birch.&quot;  
With tears in her eyes Blanche watched the young boy rape the maid and when
  he didn't thrust deeply or hard enough into her, Emily was instructed to lash
  his arse with the strap. Joanna firmly holding Betty, had her hands inside
  her captive victim's clothing and was feeling her in the same way as his Lordship.
  Finally the boy shot his semen into the maid and withdrew. &quot;You can stand
  now Henrietta. You know what you have to do.&quot; Again the lord's voice was
  cold and brutal. Henrietta fell to her knees and a rehearsed speech, thanked
  him for kindly correcting her and then took the boy's prick in her mouth and
  sucked it clean. Both Blanche and her friend found this utterly disgusting.
  Neither had sucked a man before although they were very familiar with women's
  juices. &quot;Don't even think about refusing,&quot; the lord hissed in her
  ear, &quot;You'll be forced to one way or another. Refusal will only mean more
  pain.&quot;  
&quot;Please let us go Sir, please. We didn't mean any harm by sleeping on
  your tomb.&quot;  
&quot;No May, maybe you didn't but we are glad you did. And seeing you are
  my wife and we will be intimately connected, you and your sister are allowed
  to call me Richard. Only the servants and lower order guests use my title.
  Now go to the bedroom and change out of those grotesque rags into your party
  clothes. I'll be along shortly for a little preview of what is underneath.&quot; Turning
  to the maids he went on, &quot;Joanna, prepare them but don't put their dresses
  on until I have examined the pair of them.&quot;  
Chapter 3. Preparing for the party   
&quot;In here M'lady.&quot; Joanna opened the door to the master bedroom.
  Blanche gasped at the size of the room and the huge four poster bed with curtains
  between the uprights. These were drawn back to reveal sumptuous black satin
  sheets and bedspread set off by red satin pillows. &quot;Miss Cecilia is in
  the next room, M'lady. It has its own entrance from the hall but the connecting
  door from this room is always open. Master's instructions ma'am.&quot; She
  allowed Blanche to spend a few minutes looking around the room and taking in
  the ornate furniture, the delicate dressing table and the carved gilt framed
  mirror.  
&quot;What a sight I look!&quot; she said when she saw her image. She stared
  at the mirror, seeing herself in her wool socks, her long johns and white Aran
  sweater and a colourful bobble hat on her head. The absurdity if the contrast
  between her dress and the luxurious surroundings brought a smile to her face.  
From the other room came Betty's voice praising her room and looking through
  the doorway, Blanche could see the neighbouring bedroom was furnished almost
  as lavishly and hers. The two started gleefully to compare the rooms but Joanna
  brought them back to the reality of the situation.  
&quot;Ma'am, I think we should start to get you ready. It is not wise to
  annoy the master by being late.&quot; Joanna's voice trembled as she spoke. &quot;If
  you will sit here ma'am I will help you out of these clothes.&quot; Somehow
  in these surroundings, it seemed very natural for Blanche to have a servant
  undress her and it was especially pleasing the servant was a young scantily
  clad female. Each time the girl bent forward Blanche could see almost the whole
  top surface of the maid's breasts and the barely hidden nipples. The hemline
  covered her bottom by only an inch and Blanche knew from following her up the
  stairs, that she wore no undergarments. Had the circumstances been different,
  she would have dearly loved to take the maid into her bed. &quot;Perhaps when
  the party is over?&quot; she wondered.  
In a short time Blanche was naked and the cool air of the room brought goosebumps
  to her arms and made her nipples stand firm. She walked over to the log fire. &quot;It
  may be a grandiose room, but even with the fire it is chilly. Give me central
  heating anytime,&quot; she thought.  
&quot;I suggest you use the commode now M'lady. It may be difficult to get
  away later,&quot; the maid interrupted her thinking and lifted the seat on
  the box like chair. &quot;I can start to brush the tangles from your hair at
  the same time.&quot; Up to this point and with all the other strange happenings,
  Blanche hadn't thought about needing to pee but now it had been mentioned she
  realised she needed to go but to do it while her hair was being brushed? The
  girl didn't seem fazed by it. Perhaps nobility were used to it or was it was
  another Dickwood perversion? Joanna waited by the commode. Shrugging her shoulders,
  Blanche sat on the seat and almost immediately her pee flowed noisily into
  the ceramic pot. Unconcerned, Joanna chattered about the warm weather for the
  time of year and this partially obscured the noise.  
&quot;This can't be 2003,&quot; Blanche mused, &quot;This year is cold and
  wet.&quot; Out loud she asked how long Joanna had worked at the manor and how
  she liked it here. She'd been there four years but was a bit non-committal
  about liking her work. &quot;Some days are good, but others not so good. We
  gets paid well but has to take the good with the bad.&quot;  
&quot;I think I should give you a quick wash now, ma'am so you're fresh and
  clean for his Lordship. He could arrive anytime.&quot; Blanche looked for toilet
  paper but there was none in sight so she remained on the commode. Joanna poured
  water from a jug on the washstand into a bowl and stood it beside the commode.
  Blanche shivered as the cold wet flannel was rubbed over her face and down
  on to her breasts. &quot;You've filled out a bit while you've been away, if
  you don't mind my saying so ma'am. You used to be quite thin and only have
  perky little tits. I'm sure the master will like these.&quot; After drying
  the top half, Joanna requested her to stand while she washed her stomach, genitals
  and legs. Finally she did Blanche's buttocks and made sure she was clean in
  the crevice. If the water had been warm, Blanche would have enjoyed the maid's
  attentions but chill of the flannel kept her arousal down and Joanna washed
  her clinically and made no attempt to stimulate her. &quot;I'm sure the master
  will be particularly interested in your bum ma'am. It's nice and plump, just
  how he likes them but make sure you don't anger him because he will certainly
  enjoy applying the birch to it as well as poking his prick in there.&quot;  
&quot;You don't mean he will&hellip;?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes my dear May, I will certainly want to ram my prick up your delightful
  bum hole.&quot; Lord Dickwood entered the room, &quot;Move to one side Joanna
  so I can see my wife in all her naked glory.&quot; Blanche tried to use her
  arms and hands to cover her breasts and pubic area but was immediately ordered
  to clasp her hands behind her neck. Heeding what Joanna said, she did as ordered. &quot;Yes
  indeed, you have filled out nicely, May. Nice and plump and cuddly and I love
  those nice full tits. They will swing well if I have to take the lash to them.&quot;  
&quot;You wouldn't hit a woman's breasts sir, surely not. That's barbaric.&quot;  
&quot;I told you to call me Richard as a wife should. And yes I punish women
  on their breasts. It gives me great pleasure to see them flatten and move around
  and to hear the squeals the women make. It doesn't take a lot of power to make
  a woman cry that way. Is that not so Joanna?&quot;  
Joanna hung her head but answered, &quot;Yes, M'lord, it does hurt badly
  when we're whipped there.&quot;  
Richard inserted his finger in Blanche's dry cunt causing her to wince. &quot;When
  did you last have a man's prick up there woman? You're tinder dry.&quot;  
&quot;Many years ago Richard,&quot; Blanche answered a tear running down
  her cheek. &quot;Twenty years, when I was sixteen.&quot;  
&quot;Well that will be rectified tonight. What about this hole?&quot; Richard
  probed her arse without gaining an entrance.  
&quot;Never. Even the thought disgusts me and I would think the pain would
  be unbearable.&quot;  
&quot;Again, you'll find out tonight.&quot;  
&quot;Please Sir, won't you just let us go. I'm not really your wife. I'm&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Whack! Whack!&quot; Richard's hand cracked into her bum cheeks leaving
  a very red mark. &quot;You will do exactly as you are told otherwise you won't
  even sit down to dinner comfortably and the punishment will be given in front
  of everyone. They'll love that sort of entr&eacute;e. Now get dressed while
  I go and see Cecilia. I hope she is going to be a little more co-operative.&quot; Tears
  flowed down Blanche's cheeks but she bit back the reply she intended correctly
  believing it would have only led to more pain. &quot;As you saw earlier with
  Henrietta, women are very subservient to the men in this house and that does
  include you. I married you for my pleasure and for the pleasure of my friends.
  If our pleasure causes you pain, you'll just have to put up with it.&quot; Richard
  started to leave and then turned to Joanna, &quot;Oil her holes before you
  put the dress on.&quot;  
Blanche was sobbing when Joanna produced a bottle. She handed her a handkerchief. &quot;Ma'am
  I have to do this. Dry your eyes now. Two little smacks is nothing to what
  you could have had.&quot; She made her mistress bend over so she could work
  the oil into Blanche's rectum and vagina. The warming oil even caused her to
  become aroused but Joanna made no attempt to stimulate her further.  
From the other room came the sound of a more prolonged spanking and by the
  squeals it was Betty on the receiving end.  
Betty was far more reluctant to undress and Emily was having great difficulty
  in persuading her to remove her bra and knickers. Even though she'd managed
  to undo the clasp to the bra, Betty still held the cups tightly to her breasts. &quot;Ma'am,&quot; Emily
  pleaded, &quot;You'll get us both a hiding if you are not ready for the master
  to inspect you and he's in the other room.&quot;  
&quot;He has no right to do this to us at all. No man has seen me unclothed
  since I was a teenager and I don't intend to start showing my body to them
  now,&quot; retorted Betty. Her fear grew when she heard Lord Dickwood's raised
  voice in the other room and then the sound of Blanche being smacked. Desperately
  she clutched the bra cups to her chest with one hand and held on to the waistband
  of her knickers with the other. Emily was trying franticly to remove them when
  his lordship entered.  
&quot;I'm sorry M'lord,&quot; Emily tearfully cried, &quot;She just won't
  let me&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;So Cecilia, you wish to defy me.&quot; His lordship grabbed Betty and
  held her while Emily removed the offending knickers and then lost the bra when
  he threw her face down across the bed. He ordered Emily to sit on her shoulders
  and to hold her still. From a wardrobe he produced a pair of soft leather moccasins
  and with one in each hand he belaboured Betty's arse with hard strokes delivered
  at a furious pace. Betty screamed and shouted but it was all to no avail. Emily
  held her firmly until the master deemed he'd punished her enough. After perhaps
  forty strokes her nates were glowing deeply red and very tender. &quot;Now
  perhaps you'll do as you are told. I can always have you taken to the dining
  room with nothing on at all and thrash y4ou there.&quot; Lord Dickwood's voice
  showed his anger.  
Joanna clasped Blanche preventing her from going to her friend's aid. &quot;You'll
  only make things worse,&quot; Joanna whispered, &quot;She'll get more if you
  are there, just like Henrietta did.&quot;  
Suddenly a naked Betty ran through the connecting door into room and flung
  her arms around her friend. &quot;Blanche!&quot; she screamed, &quot;You've
  got to get us out of here. Get us away from this monster. You were the one
  who wanted to sleep on the tomb.&quot; Hugging her friend as if she could somehow
  protect her and they could disappear into nothing. &quot;He spanked me like
  a kid. It hurts! It hurts like hell!&quot; Tears streamed down the woman's
  face.  
&quot;Betty dear, there is nothing I can do. I don't know what is happening
  either. All I know is that we have got to go along with it and hopefully we
  will wake up and this nightmare will be over.&quot;  
&quot;It's all too real for a nightmare Blanche. The pain is horrendous.
  I want to wake up now!&quot;  
&quot;That was only a little spanking, Cecilia, wait until you feel the birch
  and I can promise you will if you don't do as we wish. It's time you two had
  a good fucking instead of playing with each other and there will be plenty
  of men here tonight willing to provide that service. You may be a little older
  than we would normally like, but the fact that you are near virgins will make
  up for that. And the fact that you have a little more meat on your bones.&quot; Richard
  commented from the doorway. &quot;Emily, make sure this one is oiled too and
  then get her dress on. I want them both in the dining room in fifteen minutes
  otherwise you two maids will feel the strap. Understand? Don't take any nonsense
  from them. It will be your arses that pay the price if you do.&quot;  
&quot;Yes M'lord,&quot; the pair responded in unison as he left the room.  
Emily pulled Betty back into the other bedroom and roundly scolded her for
  the way she'd behaved. &quot;Now either you do as you are told Miss Cecilia
  or you will feel my hand on your arse as well. My slaps won't show on top of
  his lordship's spanking and I'm not going to get a dose of the strap because
  of a stupid old crone like you.&quot; Betty was taken aback by the vehemence
  of the outburst and by the terms the young girl used. &quot;Old crone indeed!&quot; She
  hesitated. &quot;SMACK!&quot; Emily's work hardened hand found its target on
  the already well-chastised rump. &quot;Now move,&quot; Emily commanded.  
&quot;I need to use the loo,&quot; Betty wailed.  
&quot;Loo?&quot; Emily queried.  
&quot;The toilet,&quot; Betty was angry and exasperated, &quot;The lavatory.&quot;  
She was shown the commode and Emily thrust her painfully on it. &quot;Get
  on with it Miss Cecilia, we haven't much time.&quot; Although she objected,
  Betty was forced to perform in front of the maid. Ten minutes later with tears
  streaming from their eyes, Blanche and Betty were led from the room. In their
  minds the dresses were far too revealing even if they had been given under
  garments.  
&quot;We look like sluts,&quot; Blanche weeping exclaimed. &quot;Maybe that
  is what they expect us to be or at least it seems so according what Richard
  said. And we're supposed to dine in front of everyone dressed like this.&quot; The
  back-less dresses barely contained their boobs and were short enough to show
  their pubic hair even when standing. &quot;Please let me wake up,&quot; she
  wailed.  
Immediately they entered the dining room, Lord Dickwood came to them, &quot;Welcome
  ladies,&quot; he said loudly, giving them each a kiss on the cheek, &quot;Welcome
  to the party.&quot; In a lower tone he whispered, &quot;Dry your eyes and don't
  you dare embarrass me in front of my guests.&quot; Joanna came forward and
  wiped both their faces. &quot;Let me introduce you to my friends.&quot;  
Chapter 4. The Party   
&quot;May, I would like you to meet Lord Rodney Goodwin. Lord Goodwin, my
  new wife May.&quot; Richard introduced the stocky balding man.  
&quot;Pleased to meet you May.&quot; Lord Goodwin took her right hand in
  both of his and kissed her on both cheeks. Blanche recoiled and started to
  cry again. Richard looked disgusted but went on to introduce his new sister-in-law,
  Cecilia. Betty didn't even allow him close enough to kiss her cheek. Richard
  was furious.  
&quot;My most sincere apologies Rodney, they seem to have no sense of etiquette
  at all. I thought I would have to allow them some leeway but they have insulted
  both of us. If it will help alleviate some of the shame I feel at their behaviour,
  would you care to be the first to chastise and stripe their arses? Perhaps
  immediately we have finished the meal?&quot;  
&quot;My dear Richard, I shall be delighted to perform such an onerous task.
  I know you had no choice in the selection of the two women but I am sure we
  can educate them to our ways. However, if through ignorance, they insult every
  guest in this way, they will have no skin left to flay by the time the last
  one takes his turn.&quot;  
&quot;I do agree Rodney. I am sure it is through sheer ignorance they behaved
  in this way. Joanna!&quot; The maid came to him. &quot;Joanna, you are only
  a lowly maid and yet I am sure you know how a lady of nobility should greet
  her guests. Is that not the case?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, M'lord. I have been trained to perform that service, Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Good. Then will you be so kind to demonstrate exactly what these two
  uneducated women should do.&quot; Turning to Blanche and Betty. &quot;Dry those
  eyes and watch Joanna and make sure you copy what she does when I introduce
  you to the other guests. You are already getting one caning from Lord Goodwin
  and a birching from me but this can easily be supplemented by others should
  your performance come below par. Do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, M'lord,&quot; they both muttered.  
&quot;Dry your eyes then. You can't see properly through a deluge of water.&quot; Still
  sniffing but with drier eyes they watched as Richard introduced Joanna.  
&quot;Joanna, I would like you to meet Lord Goodwin. Lord Goodwin, my maid
  Joanna.&quot;  
&quot;I am pleased to make your acquaintance Joanna.&quot;  
&quot;The pleasure is all mine, M'lord.&quot; Joanna allowed him to pull
  her close and kiss her cheeks and then the tops of her breasts. &quot;Thank
  you M'lord. I shall be delighted to be of service to you this evening.&quot; She
  kissed Rodney tenderly on the lips before stepping away.  
&quot;I too would be delighted to further my acquaintance with you later
  my dear,&quot; Rodney responded.  
Aware that all eyes were on her, Blanche tried to take in what was said and
  done. She abhorred the fact that Joanna was offering her body to this older
  man, mainly because she was afraid to do otherwise. It would be the same for
  her. &quot;Will I have to do that to everyone in the room?&quot; she wondered.  
Her reverie was broken by Richard asking harshly, &quot;Did you get that?
  There's no excuse now for either of you not responding to my guests properly.
  Remember your bodies are at their disposal whether for pain of pleasure and
  angering them will only bring more pain. Do you understand that May? And you
  Cecilia?&quot; Both nodded, too frightened to speak. &quot;We'll try it again.&quot;  
Lord Dickwood repeated his introduction to Lord Goodwin and this time, although
  her speech was still shaky, Richard considered her performance acceptable.
  Betty almost broke down again but managed to get through it. Fortunately they
  were not introduced to all the guests, only it seemed to the more important
  ones. Some of the younger guests took further liberties and added putting their
  fingers in the women's crotches. Blanche started when it happened the first
  time but steeled herself not to pull away. Finally they were asked seat themselves
  at the table.  
Blanche sat on Richard's right with Betty was on his left. Rodney partnered
  Blanche and Richard introduced Sir Nigel Depster as Betty's companion on her
  left. &quot;Ladies,&quot; his lordship warned, &quot;You are already due for
  punishment, do not incur our wrath any further by resisting our attentions
  at the table. Remember your purpose here is for our pleasure and we will take
  that pleasure no matter how much pain we cause in the process.&quot; He leaned
  over and undid the laces at the top of Blanche's dress and spilled her breasts
  into the open for all to see. Blanche was about to protest but her words were
  cut off by Richard remarking, &quot;Having your tits on show doesn't cause
  you any pain. Making a fuss will see them striped.&quot;  
Nigel freed Betty's tits but apart from a further flow of tears, she wisely
  refrained from trying to dissuade him. &quot;What do you think of them Nigel?&quot; Richard
  asked.  
&quot;Very nice Sir. Nice and large but quite firm. They'll wobble nicely
  if Smeathers has to apply the lash to them.&quot;  
&quot;That's Smeathers by the door,&quot; Richard indicated a liveried footman
  holding a leather strap about two feet long by a little over an inch wide and
  having most of its length split into three tongues. Richard called him over
  and showed the ladies the strap. &quot;It's used to immediately correct any
  of the maids and boys who do not do their job properly. It's quite soft but
  it packs a goodly sting and I'm sure Smeathers will delight in using it on
  your lovely tits ladies.&quot;  
While they waited for the food to arrive the ladies felt the hands of their
  partners explore their pubic areas but gritted their teeth and tried to ignore
  it, fearing their tits would feel the bite of the strap if they gave his lordship
  any excuse for using it. However, when the food was on the plates, things almost
  became normal. Only the flagrant revealing dresses of the maids would have
  been out of place at a normal banquet.  
Blanche expected these girls would have been felt and played with as they
  served but it seemed an unwritten rule that they were left alone. &quot;Why
  is it that we are touched on our sexual places and the maids are left alone?&quot; she
  asked trying to get into the conversation.  
&quot;We've had accidents,&quot; Richard replied, &quot;Having a hot tureen
  of soup in one's lap isn't an experience to be repeated.&quot;  
The food was good but neither of the ladies felt like eating at first but
  gradually their appetites came back as the lively and friendly conversation
  gave them a false sense of security. This vanished when a young maid knocked
  over and broke a glass of wine. Fearfully she presented herself to Lord Dickwood
  and with tears streaming down her face, apologised. His Lordship, pausing from
  his meal for only a second or two, said, &quot;Go and ask Smeathers to warm
  your chest with six good ones, Maria.&quot; Crying, Maria curtsied and went
  to receive her punishment. The old man smiled and gestured to a simple, solid,
  wooden chair.  
Maria obviously knew the system. She sat in the chair and wrapped her arms
  around the back. Smeathers tied them with leather thong already in place for
  the purpose. Most of the diners stopped eating to watch the footman as he raised
  his arm and lashed the strap hard across the young girl's breasts. She let
  out a piercing scream and squirmed in agony. Several of the guests clapped
  or shouted encouragement as Smeathers laid on the remainder of the punishment.
  The poor girl's breasts were red raw by the time she was released. Immediately
  she carefully cupped them and was about to leave the room when she was ordered
  to show his lordship.  
&quot;I guess you will be a little more careful in future Maria,&quot; his
  lordship smiled and quite cruelly squeezed each tender globe. &quot;Better
  leave them exposed and get cook to put something on them when you next go downstairs.&quot; Blanche
  and Betty were horrified and wondered if they would be receiving punishment
  to their breasts too.  
Blanche looked around trying to assess if there was any hope of escape but
  with only the one door to the landing and stairway, and with all the staff,
  there was little chance that she would get further than a few paces. &quot;Wake
  up! Wake up!&quot; She kept telling herself but somehow she knew this wasn't
  a dream or even a nightmare.  
&quot;Knock, knock, knock.&quot; Lord Dickwood rapped the table with his
  tankard. &quot;Gentlemen, I suggest we now move to the games room and prepare
  to have some fun with the ladies.&quot; Turning to his companions he said, &quot;Come
  ladies you are the first entertainment.&quot; Blanche tried to go the other
  way but two footmen quickly captured her and forced her to the games room.
  She heard Betty screaming as two footman dragged her along but she couldn't
  do anything to help her friend.  
The sight that greeted their eyes immediately shocked them. It was so unlike
  any games room they had ever imagined. The floor along the long wall under
  the windows was carpeted with mattresses draped with black silk sheets. Various
  pieces of restraint apparatus were prominently positioned around the room but
  what caught the ladies attention was the two old fashioned pillories in the
  centre of the floor. As they were thrust towards them they knew now with certainty
  they were to be locked in them and severely punished. &quot;Why are you doing
  this to us?&quot; Blanche pleaded, &quot;We've done nothing to hurt you.&quot;  
&quot;Because May was in there on our last night together, not for punishment
  like you but because she wanted to be captive and completely at our mercy.
  In your case it is for our pleasure and the sound of your screams as you are
  thrashed and raped will be music to our ears and add to our horniness. We live
  for these nights when we can debauch helpless ladies. Generally we prefer young
  girls but sometimes you more mature women are exciting too.&quot; As he spoke
  he undid the lacing to her dress and pushed it to the floor. Still held by
  the footmen, Blanche could do nothing to prevent it. Soon she was completely
  naked. Blushing deeply she stood in front of the guests who called out comments
  on her bodily features. &quot;Look at the size of those tits! Smeathers will
  need a day to cover them with his strap.&quot; &quot;You could thatch a barn
  with her cunt hair.&quot; &quot;An arse that size will take the rod well.&quot;  
A round of applause went up when Betty lost her dress and her body was revealed. &quot;Gentlemen.&quot; Lord
  Dickwood held up his hand for silence. &quot;Gentlemen, may I introduce my
  new wife May, and my sister-in-law Cecilia. Both tell me they haven't experienced
  a man's prick in them for nearly twenty years and neither of them have ever
  been fucked in the arse. May I ask that you give them at least one good poke
  before we allow the maids in for your pleasure. Having felt them earlier, I
  can tell you they are very tight but I'm sure with your help, they will be
  much looser by the morning.&quot; He waited for the applause and comments to
  subside and went on, &quot;Earlier, as many of you saw, they insulted my good
  friend Lord Rodney Goodwin and as some recompense I have asked him to perform
  the first caning of their bottoms. This he has kindly agreed to do. Rodders,
  would you like to select a cane from the table while we fasten this pair of
  miscreants to the pillories.&quot;  
Many willing hands pushed the ladies and bent them over the front bar of
  the pillories. Quickly their ankles were spread and secured and their necks
  and wrists locked by the head bar. The pillories were now positioned so the
  two ladies were head to head and about four feet apart. &quot;Stand back Gentlemen,
  if you please. Admire the view of the almost unblemished flesh. It will not
  remain that way for long and it will be a long while before it regains its
  unblemished status.&quot;  
Two women were in the audience, but they were never referred to and Lord
  Dickwood only addressed the sixteen male guests. The women, both of whom had
  attended these parties before, were wives who enjoyed being spanked and getting
  extra cocks. One of them, Juliet, commented, &quot;Will you put me in there
  afterwards Richard? I would love to be helpless and have both my holes so openly
  available to everyone. And my mouth too. And look at the way their tits hang
  and sway. You must get Smeathers to tickle them for us. Richard, you just have
  to dear.&quot; Others murmured their agreement.  
&quot;Will you wish your titties tickled too Juliet?&quot; laughed Richard.  
&quot;I wouldn't mind but as you can see, I'm rather small by comparison
  and they won't wiggle quite as deliciously.&quot;  
&quot;Of course you're right Juliet dear, whey don't you ask Smeathers to
  come over here and he can tickle them while Rodders and I apply the cane and
  the birch.&quot;  
Betty started screaming at him, calling him an inhuman monster who had no
  regard for the sanctity of women. Richard slapped her face. &quot;Cecilia,
  you can scream as much as you like when we begin your punishment but adding
  insults will only increase the number of strokes for both of you. You were
  to have six apiece from each of us, it is now ten.&quot;  
Smeathers had arrived and Rodney stood, cane in hand waiting for the signal
  to start. &quot;Richard, why don't the three of us work round in a circle.
  I lay one on May's arse with the cane and go and treat Cecilia, then you do
  the same with the birch and Smeathers can tenderise their globes in between.
  That way we'll get to fucking them a little quicker,&quot; Rodney suggested.
  The suggestion was taken up and seconds later Blanche yelled as the cane crashed
  into her arse and almost simultaneously the strap flattened her breasts. Because
  of their bent over position, Smeathers couldn't hit with the same force as
  he did with Maria but even so the pain was tremendous. Through her tears Blanche
  could see him grinning.  
The birch wielded by Richard landed at the same time as the cane and strap
  hit Betty. The shrieks now increased in volume but the guests seemed to find
  this all the more stimulating and most now had their pricks out and were gently
  massaging them. Steadily the pain increased until the victims felt they could
  take no more. They knew they must be bleeding and horribly scarred from the
  onslaught. However, although the welts were deep and would show for weeks,
  there were only small droplets of blood when the birch tips had broken the
  skin in a few places. Smeathers hit their breasts alternately from each side.
  Each time one breast caught the full force of the strap body while the tips
  curled and bit into the flesh of the other. For the victims the thrashing seemed
  to go on forever but when they were almost fainting from the pain, the beating
  stopped.  
&quot;Which hole would you like Rodders?&quot; his lordship enquired.  
&quot;Cecilia's bum, if you don't mind old man,&quot; Rodney replied, &quot;I
  see you have oiled it ready perhaps Juliet you would like to hold her open
  and guide my weapon in.&quot;  
&quot;Certainly Rodney. I'll even give it a little suck first and get some
  spit on it for you.&quot;  
Betty was nearly hoarse from screaming but she cried out again at the pain
  of Rodney's entry into her back passage. Her buggerer didn't concern himself
  but forcibly fucked her hard until, in a short while, he shot his load. He
  offered the sticky prick to Betty's mouth and at first she refused but complied
  when Smeathers brought the strap painfully to her tits again. &quot;Use your
  tongue Cecilia,&quot; Rodney ordered, &quot;Unless you want your nipples tickled
  again.&quot; Sir Nigel entered her cunt and began raping her with deep hard
  strokes.  
Meanwhile Lord Dickwood fucked Blanche hard and fast in her vagina. &quot;I
  would wager you didn't expect to be filled with the seed of a lord when you
  started out the other day,&quot; he teased, &quot;Maybe you'll carry my baby
  and continue the Dickwood line.&quot;  
&quot;Oh God no!&quot; she cried, &quot;I would never live it down.&quot; She
  knew she was unprotected and in her fertile period as she knew Betty was also
  because over the years their periods had become synchronised in the way that
  women living together often do. Then she thought, &quot;What nonsense, you
  can't dream a pregnancy.&quot; Towards the end of her rape and despite the
  pain she was in, she was surprised to find her juices flowing freely and body
  becoming aroused. However that was only the first of many times her holes were
  used and her cunt and arse became more and more sore as one guest after the
  other used her. Betty had passed out twice and been revived and Blanche had
  several times been on the borderline of consciousness.  
After about an hour, although Blanche had no real knowledge of actual time,
  there were gaps between the sexual assaults on her body and she noticed the
  maids were back in the room and many of the guests were taking advantage of
  them on the mattresses. Some maids were obviously enjoying their time but others
  Blanche sensed were only doing it because they had too. Juliet lying was over
  the vaulting horse and being spanked by a footman  
&quot;FIRE! FIRE! There's a madman setting light to the place!&quot; One
  of the footmen flung open the door and yelled.  
&quot;Close the door you fool!&quot; Lord Dickwood yelled when he saw the
  smoke billowing in. All activity ceased and pandemonium set in. Some tried
  to open the shuttered windows but to no avail. They went back to the dining
  room but the way downstairs was blocked by fire. Blanche and Betty were panic
  stricken. They knew the fire would burn the place to the ground and they were
  helplessly fastened in the stocks with no one worrying about their fate. Suddenly
  a man rushed into the room carrying a can, his clothing alight and yelled obscenities
  at his lordship but they lasted only a few seconds as a fireball burst through
  the open door immediately killing everyone inside.  
By the time the fire crews managed to get to the isolated site, all that
  was left was the crumbling, smouldering shell of the manor. Even if they had
  arrived earlier, it wouldn't have made much difference; the only water supply
  was the well that supplied the house.  
*****  
&quot;Oh God, I feel so sore.&quot; Blanche woke and found herself in her
  sleeping bag lying alongside Betty. The candle still spluttered reassuringly
  and for a few moments Blanche thought the earlier experience was all a dream
  and that sleeping on the hard tomb had made her stiff and sore but almost immediately
  her coldness told her she was naked inside her sleeping bag. &quot;Oh God,&quot; she
  said again, &quot;It must have happened. I went to bed fully clothed.&quot; Her
  hips touched Betty and she knew she too was naked. &quot;Betty!&quot; she yelled
  and tried to turn towards her companion. The material of the sleeping bag brushing
  against her breasts and the movement of her buttocks sent excruciating pain
  through her body. &quot;Betty!&quot; she cried again. This time Betty opened
  her eyes and cried out as the pain hit her.  
&quot;Blanche? You're still alive? We're still alive?&quot;  
&quot;Seems like it. Don't know how. You feel still feel the whipping too?&quot;  
&quot;Oh so badly. I can't move Blanche.&quot;  
&quot;We've got to Betty. We've got to get out of here. We should have spare
  clothes in our packs if they are still there. I can't see the clothes we went
  to bed in. They must have been burned in the fire.&quot; Unzipping the bag
  she unsteadily got off the tomb and put on the headband torch. In the light
  she could see the swollen and vivid colour of her breasts and the welts on
  Betty's arse. Guessing her own was in a similar state by the pain each step
  caused. &quot;You've got to get up Betty. I know it hurts but we must try and
  put some clothes on otherwise we'll freeze. She found Betty's spare socks and
  gave them to her before putting on her own but she found putting her trousers
  on was impossible. Her oversized sweatshirt did cover her top but putting anything
  else on was just too painful.  
&quot;Is the door open Blanche?&quot; Betty asked wondering if they were
  trapped in this mausoleum.  
Crying out with pain, Blanche tried it. To her relief it was. &quot;Yes,
  Betty and it is just getting light. Not raining either.&quot; She returned
  to Betty who too had also decided wearing trousers or even knickers was an
  impossibility. Neither of them had brought a skirt. They discussed what to
  do for some minutes but the cold was becoming more intense and Betty seemed
  to be fading again. &quot;I think we'd better take our stuff outside and get
  into our sleeping bags and use the mobile to call the rescue squad. We're not
  walking anywhere today and we need urgent treatment. If my arse is like yours,
  those welts will become infected in these conditions so we'll need antibiotics.
  They'll clean out some of the sperm too and maybe we won't become pregnant
  although with the sperm being three-quarters of a century old, it shouldn't
  still be fertile. While we are waiting we'll have to concoct a story, one that
  is at least believable.&quot;  
In the end Betty became passed out again and none of the stories Blanche
  came up with could be made to fit the event so she decided to keep nearly to
  the truth. Blanche phoned the rescue team and after giving details of their
  position, went on, &quot;We went into the mausoleum to shelter overnight from
  the rain and woke up next morning having been terribly whipped front and back
  and we've been raped as well but can't remember anything about it. Probably
  our minds have shut out such a terrible trauma. We can't walk or get our clothes
  on and although we're in our sleeping bags, it is freezing cold and the pain
  is really bad. Betty seems to be fading into unconsciousness now and I'm feeling
  woozy.&quot; Fifteen minutes later the rescue helicopter arrived and whisked
  them to hospital.  
*****  
&quot;Good, you're back with us again,&quot; the young black nurse smiled
  at Blanche, &quot;Perhaps your friend will be back with us soon.&quot;  
&quot;Betty? How is she?&quot;  
&quot;Quiet again now. You've both been delirious and screaming on and off
  for the last two days. It must have been a very traumatic time for you.&quot;  
&quot;Did you hear what happened?&quot;  
&quot;I heard nothing that you don't want told dear but I sure am glad I
  didn't go through it.&quot; From the little smile the girl gave, Blanche knew
  she'd heard at least part of the story.  
&quot;What have they done to us?&quot;  
&quot;The doctors? Well they put you on sedatives and painkillers and cleaned
  out your vagina and rectum. Samples have gone to the labs for testing. You've
  also had antibiotics for the infections in your welts.&quot;  
&quot;Did we get the morning after pill?&quot;  
&quot;No, we're not allowed to give that without permission and you weren't
  able to give it and it's too late now. We did suck out as much of the sperm
  as possible but there was so much and we cannot guarantee we got it all. You
  must have been raped by many men.&quot;  
*****  
Nine months later, Blanche became the mother of a baby boy and Betty a girl.  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





