BDSM Library - The Fetish Dress Shop




The Fetish Dress Shop
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mary Steel a young college student and Dominatrix,is out looking for some new pets when she stumbles across Pat and her lovely assistant.who are quickly made her new pet sex slaves.In a small town out west Mary Steel, a young college student has
      been working very hard the last few days finishing up her college exams.
      Now that all has been done she now takes the time to take care of her own
      needs. She has been checking out several of the local fetish shops to see
      if any suit her needs. She finally comes upon one where she sees just what
      she's been looking for.   
Mary at just 24 and 5ft5 just tips the scales at 120lbs and with
      her long straight black hair and brown eyes has a lovely figure of 34-26-34c
      that is very firm and hard in all the right places. She constantly has
      the guys hooting and whistling at her when she wears her tight little outfits
      the other ladies just to themselves calling her a slut,tart, or horny little
      whore who gets off on all the attention they give her. This is ok with
      Mary who just loves the attention. She enjoys getting all the other women
      mad who know they don't have the figure she has that all the guys want
      and lust for. That all other women would kill for as she shows herself
      off to her admirers. Mary is bisexual herself and loves to play both sides.
      But she tends to lean toward the lesbian side more. Her best talent is
      making other women think she is what she is not with her little innocent
      doings but in reality she is quit the little evil bitch. Mary often plays
      the innocent little young lady who doesn't know very much about sex or
      fetishes but in reality she is a very well schooled and a powerful dominant.   
Meanwhile Mary has just came down the walk way and is about to
      enter the very dim lighted store Huh! She thinks to herself this is just
      the right place she has been looking for she goes on in and begins to browse
      around. Looking at all the nice and unique items that she has been wanting
      to try for some time now. After several minutes and older lady approaches
      her and asks is she may be of assistance. She asks if she might be able
      to make some choices of their many fine items.   
Mary looks at the older women studying her lovely form before her
      then asks in a most polite way could she be shown any of their most unique
      and unusual items if possible.    
Pat Kook at the stunning age of just 46 and lovely store manager
      at 5ft1 who just tips the scales at 110lbs is and out right lovely older
      lady who has the body of and women half her age peaks Mary's interests.
      She has long curly red flaming hair and jade green eyes that sparkle under
      the light. She is wearing a tight fitting pinstriped suit with and extra
      short mini skirt and 5" high heeled pumps. She has a very well toned body
      for and older lady as Mary checks her out.   
Over by the front register her young assistant Lana Stiles, who
      just started working for her a few weeks ago for Pat. She to is a lovely
      little thing thinks Mary who glances over to her at the desk. Lana herself
      at just 22 years- of age and at 5ft1 and 110lbs also with long red curly
      hair and green eyes. She to is wearing tight fitting pinstriped suit matching
      mini skirt and 5" pumps. Wow thinks Mary to herself this is too good to
      be true. I've found not just one but two new sex slaves to have fun with
      and who have guessed they almost look like twins as she laughs to herself
      or rather they will soon be twins when I'm finished with them. Pat begins
      to ask Mary about what interest her then shows her many items that are
      good sellers. She then offers ideas like whips,hoods,cuffs, and assorted
      toys. Then she asks if she might be looking for something more unique in
      their BDSM areas this is what Mary was waiting for she listens as Pat tells
      her they have a back room with many more items. If you would like to come
      back with me I can show all the other special items in our private area
      it's only for personal clients but if you're interested I can give you
      a personal tour myself if you like. Pat starts to make her move an tells
      Mary that she finds her very attractive and would like to get to know her
      better and hopes she is not offended by her making a pass at her.   
Mary laughs and gives Pat a sheepish evil grin Oh! She says I'm
      not offended. I'm rather flattered that you find me so attractive. But
      you are my dear. As they continue on toward the back Pat yells out to Lara
      that she will be busy for a while and to keep and eye on the store. As
      Mary and Pat walk into the back room Mary sees that the room is very poorly
      lighted as Pat hits the light switch, which enlightens everything.   
Pat walks up behind Mary and begins fondling her firm breast ummm
      you like this sweetie Mary plays along with her prey. Oh yes this is so
      wonderful. Pat continues to caress her tits then slides her free hand down
      between Mary's legs she snakes her hands into Mary's shirt and under her
      lacy bra tweaking her erect nipples. Then with her other hand she lifts
      her skirt and pushes her hand up between Mary's legs and pushes her panties
      to the side using her fingers to slide up and down Mary's now wet moist
      cunt. Her juices are flowing as she stifles a low moan of pleasure from
      her open lips. That's it you just love it don't you? You just love how
      I'm using my hands on your body don't you? Oh Yes please don't stop it's
      so wonderful as she continues to let Pat think she's in control of her.
      Would you like to see more? Oh Yes! Please then strip for me bitch. Mary
      does as she is told and strips all of her clothes off for Pat except for
      her 4" pumps. But Pat doesn't like that Mary is still taller than her so
      she has her take her high heels off to now making them eye level with each
      other. Then she shows Mary some of the other devices of training such as
      stocks,benches,X-racks and other torture tables. This is perfect Mary's
      loving it all as she continues to go along with Pat's little game.    
Pat motions for Mary to follow her and she does as instructed.
      She is lead over to a small bench. Pat then places metal cuffs on Mary's
      wrist and helps her to lie down on her stomach on the bench then cuffs
      her feet to the sides of the bench as well. Pat then takes a red ball gag
      out and just as Mary is about to speak she shoves it into her open mouth
      cutting off any further speech from Mary. Pat then proud of herself for
      being able to tie up her new friend here holds up the key to the cuffs
      and taunts Mary with it as she tells her what she's going to do to her.
      Unknown to Pat she is missing a key while she was gloating over how easily
      she had taken care of poor Mary had already palmed the other key in her
      left hand. Pat walks over to a rack with many items on it side the wall
      and chooses a cat of nine tails then stands behind Mary. With a quick motion
      of her wrist she lets the whip fall across Mary's rear instantly she gives
      out a horrifying scream as the whip tears into Mary's tender flesh. But
      her screams are muffled by the red ball gag in her mouth as she twist and
      turns but she is unable to move away from the blows her firm rear is receiving.
      Being strapped down on the bench by the cuffs and restraints Mary can do
      little but take the heavy thrashing that Pat is giving her lovely ass cheeks
      and lower back. They are now beginning to show long red stripes where her
      soft skin has began to swell from the whips tearing from her beating she
      has received at Pat's hands. After several minutes Pat stands back to admire
      her handy work on Mary's bottom then once satisfied with the long angry
      red marks left on Mary's tight little ass she turns Mary over and faces
      her upright. Now with her lovely firm tits standing out about her well
      toned body. Pat now starts to whip her tits as hard as she can for several
      minutes. Mary try as she may jerks and twist but now within minutes her
      firm tits now match her rear with more angry long red marks. Pat then moves
      to Mary's clean shaven pussy. Oh how smooth she thinks to herself as she
      runs her fingers all over Mary's smooth mound then slides her fingers over
      and down between her moist lips then she thrusts a finger inside Mary's
      batter cunt. She lets a faint moan as Pat starts to finger fuck her. Her
      juices now flowing steadily her moans becoming more rampant as she goes
      through several powerful orgasms. Just as she is getting close to Cumming
      again Pat stops. Not yet sweetie she tells her. Then walks off leaving
      Mary fustrated and wanting to cum so badly she lifts her head to see where
      Pat has gone to. After looking side to side she finally sees Pat over in
      a dark corner putting something on as Pat comes back over into the light
      Mary sees she has changed into a small skimpy outfit. She is now wearing
      a pair of leather crotch less panties and a matching open push up bra that
      make her small old but firm 32b breast push up and out. Mary notices that
      Pat has very nice looking areolas the size of quarters with pencil eraser
      nipples standing out erect. She also has a large strap on cock between
      her legs as she stands beside Mary using her hand to stroke the large black
      9" cock as she lubes it up with Mary's now over flowing pussy juices .
      With her other hand she reaches up and pinches Mary's soft sore tits getting
      a low whimpering moan and a few grunts from her victim. As she continues
      to maul her bound beauties tits she steadily moves her hand down Mary's
      tight firmed stomach patting her way down to her Mary's hot moist twat
      then slipping a finger or two in. Mary lifts her weight a little to accommodate
      the invading intruders. That's a good girl now as she strokes Mary's outer
      cunt lips then slowly rubs the big black monster cock between them as she
      pushes it slightly to enter Mary's wet inviting hole. Time to get better
      acquainted sweetie as she slides it up and down Mary's puffy cunt lips
      receiving a low moan from her now willing partner. Then with a savage thrust
      she buries the huge black lubricated cock all the way to the hilt. As Mary's
      body spasms and jerks as her tight little cunt stretches to accept the
      large powerful invading intruder. Mary draws her toes up tight against
      her soles of her feet as the walls of her cunt relax and except the large
      invader she gives out a few mews as she is completely filled by it. Pat
      stays still for a few seconds to let Mary's body to adapt to the new object
      that is now wedged into her tight little cunt. Then Pat speaks to her saying.
      Now lets wallow this tight little hole out some shall we young lady? Then
      Pat pulls the cock out about half way and holding her shoulders she thrust
      in hard as she begins to pounding Mary's tight hole relentlessly. Mary
      not wanting Pat to know she loves it as she lifts her body up to meet Pat's
      every thrust. Mary's silky smooth body covered in beads of sweet sweat
      from the intense pounding she's getting as it rolls down off her luscious
      curves. Pat body to is also doing the same as the two lose their selves
      in total ecstasy. Mary lifts her head to take a good look at Pat as she
      pounds the monster tool into her tight hole. She thinks to herself soon
      my dear you and you little assistant will be my little sluts yourselves.
      I just wonder if she has a tight, firm and beautiful body as you do under
      her little fancy suit. Then she lets her mind drift back to the pounding
      she's getting from Pat Umm! She grunts through her gag as another powerful
      orgasm hits her as she once again cums and creams the big cock that is
      deep inside her. Pat pulls the large tool from Mary's now loosened up love
      tunnel as it slips out a loud pop can be heard leaves a gaping hole that's
      for anyone to see up into Mary's now stretched cunt. Pat then brings the
      cock up to Mary's face to show her. Now look what you did as she shows
      her the cum covered cock to Mary as she looks at it. Just look at this
      mess you made with all your nasty juices on it you need to have better
      manners if you're going to be my little pet. Then she swats Mary across
      her sore red angry tits and asks if she understands her. Mary nods her
      head that she does as she grunts in pain from Pat's assault on her sore
      breast as she mumbles through her gag. Yessss mistressssssummmmm yeesssss
      miiiisstttrrreeeessss! That's better now. Then Pat unhooks the gag but
      before Mary can even work her sore jaws Pat shoves the cum covered cock
      into Mary's open mouth and pushes it hard into the back of her small throat.
      As Mary gags around the large tool Pat uses her hands to hold Mary's head
      in place as she face fucks her pet. Mary's head bouncing back and forth
      as the big cock is forced in and out of her mouth. After a few minutes
      the large cock is clean of her love juices and Pat removes it. Pat then
      leaves Mary for a few minutes and that's all the time she needs as Mary
      uses the palmed key to release herself from her bonds. Meanwhile why Pat
      is off getting some other items to continue her fun Mary has now gotten
      free and searches around to find a few things she needs herself then hides
      back out of sight and waits for Pat to return. As Pat returns she can't
      believe that Mary has gotten away and begins to look all around for her.
      But before she can do anything Mary slips out from her hiding place and
      surprises Pat. With a quick slashing blow of her blackjack Mary hits Pat
      from behind rendering her unconscious as she falls to the floor with a
      thud. Mary quickly removes all of Pat's tiny little outfit leaving her
      naked on the floor and thinks to herself. You want be needing these anymore
      slut. For now it's time for you to become my new little sex slave bitch.
      She then picks up Pat's lifeless body and places her over on the bench
      where she had been just minutes ago herself. She then puts an 18"spreader
      bar and cuffs Pat's feet to each end then she uses leather cuffs and restraints
      on her wrist and elbows securing her limbs behind her back. Once done she
      puts a ring gag in Pat's mouth that will now make her speak practically
      impossible a side from the normal low moans and grunts. Mary rolls her
      new playmate over to inspect her handy work and is most pleased. But what's
      this hmmmm she thinks to herself? My!My! What's with this hairy little
      forest you have here? Well no matter I'll soon take care of it for you
      my dear after all my pets are kept smooth and bare. Now let's get your
      little friend back here to join you. With that Mary uses the intercom and
      calls for Lara who is still out front as she was told by Pat. She hears
      her name over the loud speaker as Mary calls out that miss Pat has fallen
      and needs assistance. Lara quickly rushes to the back room where Mary is
      waiting for her. Lara comes into the dark room and sees Mary standing behind
      a bound naked Pat. What's going here she asks? What have you done to miss
      Pat? She questions! Mary answers back nothing for the time being but it's
      all up to you sweetie. If you do as your told I want hurt your lover here?
      Mary waits to see what Lara's going to do alright. I'll do anything you
      say just don't hurt her with that Mary laughs to herself I knew it you
      two are lovers. Yes Lara speaks out. Ok sweetie here's your first order
      get all yours clothes off and be quick about it I don't have all day you
      know. With that Lara is naked in seconds as she stands in front of her
      new mistress. Now you see that little outfit your lover was wearing on
      the floor over here I'm sure you have another to match it also get two
      collars and leases and two bondage hoods to. Now go and get them. Lara
      hurries off to get the items needed. In just a few minutes she returns
      with the items her new mistress asked for as she stands before Mary. That
      was very good bitch did you get the outfits I asked for? Yes I got all
      the items you requested. What was that you said to me bitch you will only
      address me as mistress from now own you understand cunt. Yes please forgive
      me. That's better. Now put it on Lara does as told and puts the skimpy
      outfit on with the crotch less panties and open asshole strip then the
      leather push up bra . Mary notices that Lara to has small 32b tits but
      small nipples as she walks over and gives them a hard pinch causing Lara
      to flinch as she twist her small nipples. These are nice she complements
      Lara on her nips but they need to match your lovers. But don't you worry
      I'll take care of that for you I want you both alike. Now come over here
      and help me with your lover. As she gets closer Mary notices that Lara
      too has a very hairy dark red bush Ummm she says this will not do my little
      slut. You see that razor over here in front of me. Yes mistress. Take it
      and some lather cream and shave your lovers hairy cunt clean when your
      done I want you to do the same to yourself do you understand. Yes mistress.
      I keep all my sluts smooth and clean for my use only and you two will be
      no different. Lara does as she is told and in no time both women are clean
      and smooth their cunts nice and shinny. As Mary sits and waits for Lara
      to finish she decides that she wants their heads shaved bald as well Lara
      holds her head down in shame but does as she is told and clips Pat's long
      curly red hair down to just fine covering and finally she lathers it up
      and shaves Pat's head smooth and clean. Mary then orders Lara to put the
      bondage hood on Pat. Then she is told to kneel down before her and place
      her hands behind her back as Mary starts to clip and shave Lara long curly
      red hair also with in a few minutes Lara's once beautiful red curly hair
      is gone she to now is bald and smooth. For the final touch she places the
      other bondage hood over Lara's shinny bald head and secures it.   
Now that's better she begins asking Lara all kinds of questions
      finding out all about her two new pets. Then she has her help her put the
      other skimpy outfit on Pat who is still out. Now put these items on as
      best you can slut. Lara does as told and begins putting the 18"spreader
      bar cuffs to her feet then puts the ring gag on finally she gets the wrist
      cuffs on then shuffles over to Mary as best she can wobbling to her. Mary
      adjusts her bonds making them tighter Lara grunts and moans as they tighten.
      But before she is done she changes her mind and releases Lara for a short
      time and has her help her place Pat on one of the large x racks then she
      does the same to Lara and straps her down as well. As Pat starts to come
      around startled see finds she is bound barely able to move at all. She
      looks to her lover Lara who is also bound and naked. Trying to speak she
      finds she is gagged and so is Lara they both try to communicate with each
      other but no normal speech can be understood just mumbles and grunts. Ah
      my pets I see you have a lot to talk about she laughs. Well you two keep
      yourselves company while I look for me a new outfit and some new toys to
      play with. Then Mary walks off from the two lovers still grunting and mumbling
      to each other as best they can both looking into each others eyes letting
      the other know they were taken to easily by their new mistress. Pat starts
      feeling the coolness on her head as well as her lower half of her body
      looks down to see her hairy patch is gone then looking over to her lover
      Lara sees hers is gone to as is her lovely long curly red fur. Lara lowers
      her head as well knowing how much Pat loved her hairy thick patch of pubic
      hair and Lara's to. Now they both look like young school girls with their
      hairless cunts , bald heads and puffy lips as they look at each other and
      mew through their gags. Mary soon returns and stands in front of the two
      in her new skimpy tight outfit. The outfit she is wearing is similar to
      the one's Pat and Lara have on except hers shows off her 34c tits more
      as the tight push up bra shows off her large dark pink areolas that are
      the size of half dollars with her nips the size of a women's small pinky
      finger all erect with excitement. In her hands she has several items two
      are 18" large double dongs, nipple clamps, and weights and finally a flogging
      whip. Now ladies you seem to have thought it was funny when you whipped
      my tits and ass. Now it's your turn to get yours done an also to wallow
      your tight little holes out as well. As she walks up and starts pinching
      their hard erect nipples the two mews and moan in pain and pleasure as
      Mary twist and turns their exposed tits. Now little girls turn around and
      bend over that bench she orders. The two look at Mary as she stands before
      them now wearing her new 5" high heels she was taller than both women before
      but now she is nearly a foot taller than both. The two look even more like
      the little girls she is now referring to them as and with their hairless
      heads and cunts to boot. The two do as ordered taking their time shuffling
      around then kneeling down and bending over the bench. Then Mary moves up
      behind then now it's time for your punishment little lady's you've been
      very bad and need a lesson in respect. Mary begins whipping their asses
      hard and continues this till she sees the angry red strips appear. Oh how
      lovely. As the two look at each other as the tears roll down their cheeks
      now it's time for you two to get a good fucking. Mary straps on the large
      black dildo that Pat had used on her earlier and lines it up with Pat's
      tight little twat. Then with a savage thrust Mary slams the black monster
      into Pat's tight moist love tunnel. Pat's eyes pop open with the sudden
      intrusion as does her mouth with the ring gag in place as no more than
      a low moan and grunt emerge from her lips. Mary reaches around and pinches
      and pulls on Pat's hard tits as she continues to pound her tight pussy
      burying the massive cock to the hilt each time. As she fucks Pat's pussy
      she reaches over and starts to finger Lara's tight wet hole. Then after
      making Pat cum not once but several times. She pulls free of Pat's stretched
      cunt leaving a loud pop noise as she pulls out of her open hole. Then walks
      around to Lara's face and has her clean all Pat's love juices off it. Once
      done she goes back behind Lara and gives her the same treatment as Pat
      had just received by pounding and wallowing out her tight little twat to.
      After several hours of many orgasms and Cummings by both Pat and Lara as
      both were made to clean the large tool of each others love juices many
      times. Mary now satisfied that their pussies have both been stretched moves
      onto their tight little assholes and begins pounding them till they too
      are stretched out to meet Mary's approval. Once she finishes she steps
      back to admire how their gaping holes look. The she has them roll over
      and tells them it's time for your next punishment. I'll now be whipping
      your tiny little tits then taking the flogger in hand begins whipping their
      tits within a few minutes the firm bodies begin to show signs of long angry
      red strips across their small tits. Then Mary moves down to their pussies
      and begins whipping them till shortly she has the same results as their
      tits. She then rubs her hands over their battered firm flesh. The two flinching
      from her soft touch both crying in pain from their ordeal they have just
      suffered. Now sluts I've got something else for you to try then helps them
      out of the 18" spreader bars between their feet and orders them to get
      on their alfours. Both weak from their ordeals simply obey their new mistress
      and do as told. Mary then shows them the two large double dongs and has
      them move back toward each other where their cunts and assholes are lined
      up. Then takes the dongs and places them into both women's open holes as
      each women has half buried in them she then orders them to begin fucking
      each other as hard as possible. Their will now broken they both do as told
      and fuck each others twat and ass as hard as they can complying with their
      mistress's orders. The two continue for several more hours fucking and
      Cumming. After Mary thinks they've had enough she unties them then begins
      to prepare them for the trip home. Mary goes and gets dressed the two ladies
      weak and worn out stay in the position as ordered by their mistress Mary.
      She returns shortly with collars and leases in her hands and places them
      on each of her new pets. Then gets behind them and takes out the dongs
      and replaces them with inflatable dildos that she fixed with what was left
      of two women's long red curly hair which she made into butt plugs for them.
      I wanted you two to have matching dogtails to fit your new status in life.
      I'll get you some new ones soon my pets. Then one by one she places the
      plugs up their assholes and inflates them till they become secure and tight
      then steps back to inspect them. Now you two look wonderful I now have
      two red tailed Labradors my little pets. Then she grabs up their personal
      things and purses, clothes and puts them all in a bag as she leads the
      two out on their leases. As they reach the front of the store and no one
      was there watching several customers has sense come in? As the people continue
      to look around the store another young women sees Mary walking along with
      the two women nearly naked on their leases. The women steps out in front
      of Mary. Pat and Lara just hold their heads down in defeat and humiliation.
      As the young woman speaks to Mary and simply asks where the clerks are.
      Mary just laughs and tells the women she doesn't know she just came in
      for a few items and found these two horny little cunts. The woman looks
      down and complements her on how lovely her two pets are and how young they
      look. Mary laughs and thanks the young women then continues to chat telling
      her how horny they are. She also tells her laughingly that she might even
      have to get them spade as the two giggle to each other. Then Mary leads
      them on out toward the front of the store. Finally lifting their hood covered
      heads Pat and Lara both try to speak and get the young woman's attention
      therefore letting her know that they are clerks she is looking for and
      also that they have been beaten,raped, humiliated and forced to become
      this woman's unwilling sexslaves . But unable to get any understandable
      speech from their gagged mouths other than grunts and moans. Mary not wanting
      to give the other woman time to figure out that these are the women she
      was looking for tugs on their lease quickly moving on past the women. Pat
      and Lara with no one to notice them once again drop their heads and follow
      their mistress on out the door. With their wills broken and now belonging
      to their new mistress they don't even notice that they are practically
      naked as they crawl past the other customers and out the door behind their
      mistress. Meanwhile back in the store it finally dawns on the woman they
      just passed as another women walks up to her and starts to chat. Those
      women that just crawled out of here. OH MY GOD! She looks over to the other
      woman and says. Do you know who that was? It was Pat and her assistant
      Lara. Wow I thought it was two college students they both looked great.
      Wish I had some of my own to they both laugh. Well I guess Pat finally
      got what was coming to her she always acted like a bitch now I guess she
      really is that young woman's bitch her and Lara both they just laugh. They
      peer out the store window as they watch the three turn the corner and head
      to Pat's car then are helped in the backseat on their way to service their
      new mistress Mary.   
&nbsp;   
THE END   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





