BDSM Library - The Pet




The Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wealthy former model turned legal tycoon has a house of horrors in the Hamptons attended by her staff of beautiful maids and one male torture pet.Alexis Ferguson stood from the leather chair in her office suite overlooking
  downtown Manhattan and placed a few papers from her large mahogany desk in
  the attach&eacute; case beside her. She smoothed her ruffled Chanel suit and
  departed, making her way through the labyrinth of offices on her floor to the
  elevator. As a founder and senior partner in one of the city's largest firms
  the occupants of the various offices cleared a path when she passed. After
  exiting the building on Park Avenue, Alexis nodded at her waiting driver and
  began the commute to her weekend home in the Hamptons. She kicked her shoes
  off in the limo, closed her eyes and thought of all that she would do on her
  four day break.  
Just over two hours later the car meandered up the long drive to her home.
  The 10-foot high teak doors to the mansion swung open as she approached and
  a petite woman in a white leather skirt, white leather corset and extreme six
  inch heels curtsied as Alexis entered. Alexis offered her hand and the woman
  eagerly took it and softly kissed it.  
Alexis nodded, "I trust all is in order for the weekend, Maria?"  
Maria followed a respectful distance behind, "Yes Ma'am. Exactly, Ma'am"  
Alexis then slowly made her way through the home, greeting the four other
  identically clad women who all greeted her and answered her brief questions.
  She dismissed each of them and told them to return to their duties. Alexis
  climbed the arching marble staircase to the second floor and paused at the
  top.  
"Maria!" Alexis spoke in a commanding voice, never shouting. She felt shouting
  was brash and without class except for extreme circumstances. Those in this
  home knew that if the Mistress had to raise her voice it was good for a lot
  of trouble in paradise.  
The rapid click of heels could be heard approaching the foot of the stairs.
  Maria stood with a slightly concerned look.  
Alexis looked down at her with a stern look. "Bring a drink to my bedroom."  
Maria scampered off in a rush as Alexis walked down the hall and entered
  her room. Alexis was very modest in calling this a bedroom. It was much more
  like a chamber than a room. Upon entering one was greeted with a main room
  twenty five by fifty feet and vaulted ceilings that peaked 30 feet above. On
  one end of the room was a large bed with 15 foot black marble columns on each
  corner and adorned with the finest imported Asian silk beddings, also in black.
  At the opposite end of the room was a black leather couch facing a wall where
  there stood a massive armoire that looked, upon close inspection, like a vault
  as it was constructed of steel and painted black to match the room. The front
  of the armoire was all mirrored glass. Between the sofa and armoire was a large
  coffee table.  
She sat on the couch and stared back at her reflection with a slight smile
  and winked at her reflection. She thought to herself how far life had taken
  her. Graduated Harvard Suma Cum Laude at 19 years of age. A quick 2 year break
  to model for the Ford agency as one of their premier models then to the shock
  of the fashion world, quit after two years to return to Yale where she was
  Law Review and 3 rd  in her graduation class by 24
  years old. It had always been hard for her classmates to deal with her, especially
  the males. She was 5'11" in bare feet, had perfect C cup breasts, long muscular
  legs and dark brown hair that looked like strands of silk. A Thai mother and
  French father gave her an exotic Eurasian look that was maddening to men. The
  fact that she was a committed lesbian did not help matters.  
Alexis left Yale and went to work at a global powerhouse law firm in New
  York, then was asked after two years at the firm to spend a year in the their
  Tokyo office. This is where her life changed forever.  
In Tokyo she quickly dove into the club scene and soon met a shockingly beautiful
  but older Japanese woman named Yukiko. The Japanese woman was the daughter
  of one of Asia's largest real estate barons. Her father ignored Yukiko while
  building his fortune, due in no small part to the fact that she was his only
  child and he had wanted a son. Her mother had died when she was a child and
  he never re-married. He made up for his lack of attention as she entered her
  twenties by giving her an allowance of the equivalent of $30,000 per week to
  use as she saw fit. With no supervision she explored everything Tokyo had to
  offer and soon discovered the world of BDSM. She found that while her tastes
  tended towards women, she could exorcise some of her father's demons by taking
  her pain out on willing and sometimes unwilling men. Over the years she had
  a private dungeon built in her Penthouse with virtually every toy and machine
  in existence. Now in her late thirties Yukiko was the most respected and most
  feared Dominatrix in all of Asia.  
 The two of them became inseparable on the town and fell quickly in love.
  Yukiko introduced Alexis to the world of BDSM gradually over the next several
  months and Alexis took to it with the same determination that had marked her
  career thus far. She was Yukiko's apprentice and made great use of their time
  together to learn many talents and tortures.  
Alexis snapped out of her daydream&hellip; there was a quite knock on the
  door.  
Alexis turned, "Yes?"  
Maria's voice replied, "Ma'am, I have your drink for you". Alexis stayed
  seated and told Maria to enter. She opened the door and came quickly to Alexis'
  side, kneeling between the sofa and table facing Alexis. She raised the glass
  towards Alexis and immediately looked towards the floor in an act of submission.
  Alexis took the glass and patted the latina on the head. She took a long drink
  and placed the glass back in Maria's hands, which had not moved an inch.  
Alexis sat a moment and relaxed and then looked down at her little attendant,  
"Maria, should we check on my pet?"  
Maria kept her gaze on the floor and responded, "Whatever pleases you, Ma'am,
  is what I wish" Alexis smiled and slowly stroked Maria's head in an approving
  manner. She placed her index finger under the maid's chin and forced her to
  look up and meet her gaze. Alexis leaned over and softly kissed her cheek,
  then very slowly and softly licked the trembling maid's lips. Alexis leaned
  a bit further and slid her hand up Maria's leg to just under her perfectly
  waxed sex and waited. She slowly kissed her lips again and then smiled as the
  first long strand of viscous juice drooled slowly into her waiting hand. She
  had never even touched this girl's vagina and she was so wet she was dripping.  
Alexis pulled her hand out and placed it in front of Maria's face, "You know
  this is the only reason you have the honor of being my personal attendant,
  don't you?" Maria nodded.  
Alexis then licked the juice from her own fingers, "If I am guilty of one
  thing in life, it is loving the taste of your vagina my little slut." Alexis
  then reached around Maria's trembling body and slid a drawer open under the
  coffee table. She withdrew a slender remote control and closed the drawer.
  She took the glass from Maria's hand, took a sip, and set it on the table.  
"Maria, I would like a cigar while we examine my little pet."  
Maria immediately turned on her knees and faced the table. She opened a large
  black lacquer wooden box on the table and removed a long, thin cigar and a
  lighter. She then turned back to face Alexis and presented the cigar as she
  had previously with the drink. Alexis looked down at her, then at her own reflection
  in the mirror and looked back at Alexis.  
"You may have the honor of lighting it for me."  
Alexis looked at her Mistress with deepest appreciation and placed the cigar
  in her mouth. She brought the flame to the cigar while her cheeks caved drawing
  the smoke into her mouth. She puffed quickly to get the cigar lit, then offered
  it to Alexis, who smiled again,  
Alexis smiled her approval and took the cigar from her maid. "Lets get on
  with examining the pet, shall we"?  
She picked up the remote and hit a small button. Immediately the mirror of
  the armoire began to slide to one side. Alexis smiled when she saw what was
  inside. She adjusted herself in the sofa and began taking a leisurely drag
  on the cigar. Inside the armoire was a person clad from head to toe in a shiny
  black latex catsuit. Its head was covered in a hood with small eyeholes and
  a hose protruding from the mouth. The arms were stretched out perpendicular
  to the body as if on a cross, and legs spread shoulder width apart. Its arms
  were secured by four two-inch wide leather straps on each arm, as were the
  legs, rendering the person inside completely motionless. Between the legs a
  chrome metal bar extended from the base of the structure and terminated between
  the person's legs.  
Alexis looked at her maid, "Shall we say hello?"  
Maria knew it was a rhetorical question and remained silent facing her Mistress.  
Alexis then pressed another button and held the remote to her mouth. "Hello
  my little pet. Miss me?" There was no movement or sound from the person. She
  continued.  
"That's ok, I know you are shy. Well, I have missed you and I am sure you
  are excited to see me after four long days. I trust Maria here and my staff
  have kept you entertained?"  
Again, silence.  
"Well, we shouldn't waist any time. I ordered the staff to have your bowels
  filled a little better as I think you were growing tired of your former occupants.
  Lets see how they did."  
Alexis pressed another of the array of buttons and a clear tank to the lower
  right side of the pet inside the armoire began filling with clear liquid. The
  tank was the size of a standard scuba tank but made of glass. It slowly filled
  as Alexis took another long drag on her cigar, quickly inhaling and then exhaling
  towards her maid, nearly covering her in thick smoke.  
"Maria, would you like to hear our pet?" Without waiting for an answer she
  pressed another button and the room exploded with sobbing from small speakers
  positioned in every corner. She hit the button and silence returned.  
"Ah, Maria, he seems to be enjoying himself!"  
She waited for the last drops of water to enter the tank, which was half
  full. She stood, walked over to the immobile pet and leaned in to examine the
  tank. It had volume marks much like a measuring cup.  
"Very good pet. Maria, that's just over one gallon of water. When did you
  fill it's bowels?"  
Maria looked sadly at the floor. "At noon Ma'am, exactly as you ordered."  
Alexis returned to her seat. "Good job to both of you then. It's 6pm now.
  He is improving. He has a long way to go of course, but this meager effort
  will do for now."  
She put the cigar between her teeth and leaned over to look at the floor
  between Maria's legs. A small puddle of her excretions had formed there. Alexis
  smiled and drew deeply on her cigar, pacing her finger again under Maria's
  chin. She leaned in and covered Maria's lips with hers and allowed the maid
  to inhale her smoke, the highest honor in this household. The maid bowed her
  head and thanked the Mistress as the maid exhaled a large plume of thick smoke.  
Alexis turned back to the armoire, took the remote and pressed another button.  
"Pet, I trust you can hear me. I hope you are eager to please me this weekend." She
  pressed the mike button and she heard a grunt. "Good. Now I need to see that
  Maria has made the other increase and adjustments I requested in my absence.
  I will go slow as I am in a good mood. I will leave your mike on. If I hear
  even a breath out of you, your new implements and your enema content will be
  increased by 20 percent, as will the time you hold your water. Grunt if you
  understand me pet."  
A low grunt returned. Alexis pressed a button and the quite whirring of an
  electric motor could be heard. The chrome pole between the pet's legs began
  to very, very slowly lower towards the floor at a snail's pace.  
What happened next was truly remarkable.  
As the pole lowered, a glistening black rubber object became visible exiting
  the pet's rear. The first visible part above the pole was a large 2.5 inches
  in diameter, or approximately the size of a smaller man's wrist. As the pole
  had lowered to maybe three inches below its former home it had expanded to
  3.5 inches in diameter, or the size of the large end of a baseball bat.  
Alexis began smoking her cigar more rapidly now, clearly becoming excited
  at this sight. She looked at Maria, "Go expose his genitals for me and await
  further instructions." Alexis pushed a button and the motor stopped pulling
  the invader from the pet.  
Maria approached the latex-clad body and unzipped a small zipper on the front
  of the pet's crotch. She reached in and removed his limp cock. It was a bizarre
  sight. From the end of the cock, out of the urethra (pee hole) extended a shiny
  metal wire slightly smaller than a pencil. The wire curved downward and disappeared
  under the slave testicles. The Mistress, through one of her Asian connections,
  took her pet 2 years ago to a doctor who made an incision in the perineum between
  the anus and testicles. The doctor inserted surgical steel wire into the urethral
  canal and out the head of the cock. The wire then runs back between the legs
  and is attached to itself, forming a loop and thus permanent chastity.  
Alexis admired the sight, "Maria, you know the genius of my little urethral
  device is that any erection whatsoever causes excruciating pain. Not to mention
  it makes a nice handle at times."  
She puffed on her cigar, "Maria, I will allow you an orgasm if you can make
  cause it to have an erection."  
Maria's heart sank. This was how her Mistress worked. Maria's pleasure was
  always dependent on another's suffering. It had been over a week since her
  last orgasm and she was so horny all she could think of was cumming, so she
  began her ministrations, as she knew her Mistress would want her to. Slowly
  her long nail glided along the top and sides of the pet's cock. She saw it
  twitch immediately. She kept this up for at least five minutes, surprised at
  how well the pet had become at controlling his erections.  
Alexis chimed in, "You see how it does not get hard? It has taken a long
  time to get to the point that 'it' realizes its purpose on this earth is to
  endure whatever I choose. It shall receive little or no pleasure. Even the
  pleasure associated with an erection is denied it as even that will cause excrutiating
  pain. Thus it comes to realize over time that it can only receive mental pleasure
  at seeing me enjoy its pain."  
Alexis sat forward and contemplated her cigar as she twirled it in her fingers,  
"Maria, I'm almost done with my cigar. If you do not have that cock hard
  when I'm done, it will be a long, long time back in your chastity belt my dear."  
Maria flinched at the thought of her ever-present belt. She bent down and
  began sucking the sides of the slave's cock. She could feel slight stiffening
  and his body trembling from the new pain. She reached in and squeezed his balls
  hard and curled her long tongue under the shaft and wrapped her top lip around
  the top of the shaft forming a nice wet and warm seal around the growing cock.
  She then slowly slid her head back and forth sideways with nearly instant results.
  She could feel leather creaking and his body violently trembling, as he quickly
  grew erect. This made her job difficult as the cock was forced to follow the
  steel wire down between his legs, but she kept at it for several minutes until
  she could hear a low guttural groan from the speakers.  
"Enough!" She heard Alexis say. Maria looked back and saw Mistress in a cloud
  of smoke, more smoke exiting her nostrils as her cheeks were caved around the
  cigar drawing in more. Maria had barely won as the cigar was just millimeters
  from the band. The Mistress French inhaled the last drag and blew it towards
  the ceiling.  
"You know, I was careless there my little pet. With my pet's fetish for watching
  women smoke and your attention to his cock, we risked allowing him his first
  orgasm in 26 months. Of course he knows if he comes without permission, which
  will probably never happen anyway, he will immediately loose his balls."  
"Little one, you may come sit next to me and watch your work." Maria did
  as instructed and sat next to her Mistress on the couch, a very rare honor.
  She secretly dreaded having to watch this horrible torture, especially as she
  herself was forced to create it. But she knew that if she directly disobeyed
  her mistress, her three children in Peru would meet a horrible end. So she
  watched and fought back tears at what she saw.  
The pole was now 8 inches below the pet and the black, glistening rubber
  intruder suddenly increased in size from 3.5 inches to five. It looked as if
  a black softball was being pulled from the body. The pet's sphincter muscles
  pulled down obscenely and shallow, rapid breathing could be heard. The electric
  motors labored at their chore. A slight guttural moan could be heard escaping
  on the speakers.  
Alexis quickly inhaled the drag she had been taking on her cigar and spoke
  into the mike; "Pet, I said not a sound, and I fucking meant it. Do not ruin
  my evening with your pathetic noises or I will hurt you bad."  
Alexis blew the rest of never ending exhale out as she leaned back against
  the sofa and handed the cigar to Maria, "you may have the rest."  
The pet's noise stopped as the object began rapidly decreasing in size. It
  was now 12 inches below the pet and had tapered down to what looked like a
  garden hose. She hit a button and the motors sped up the process until the
  bar reached the floor, 24 inches below the pet. Unbelievably, the black intruder
  was still inside the pet, but again, the size of a thin hose. Alexis was extremely
  pleased.  
"Maria, the new occupant of our pet here is splendid. I never explained its
  purpose to you other than to increase pain and endurance, which is his sole
  purpose in my life."  
Alexis then explained than while old custom plug was effective, it was too
  time consuming for the staff to administer an enema, then to force a large
  plug into the slave to help him retain it. The new device was much simpler,
  and more effective. In order to administer a proper deep colonic enema it was
  necessary to get the hose at least two to 3 feet inside the pet's bowels. So
  she had a device created that would do all in one. It was a hydraulic plug
  and enema tube, the first of its kind. Essentially when inserted it appeared
  to be a 3 foot black garden hose, thicker and stiffer at the base, then extremely
  flexible after about 12 inches. There were a series of valves inserted in the
  tube which created chambers which could be filled with water and expand inside
  the recipient once inserted. This is what created the appearance of the device
  as it appeared now, a baseball bat with a softball attached to the thick end
  and a flexible hose beyond that.  
Alexis pondered the possibilities,   
"Maria did you inflate it before you inserted it today?"  
Maria shook her head no.  
"Very well, lets test our new toy then!" She pressed a button and the device
  began rising back into the pet. His breath quickened.  
Alexis barked, "Silence pet!" The device had risen back to the base of the
  giant black ball. The motors again labored as it began forcing its way into
  the pet's anus. The motors were beginning to really make noise and the pet's
  leather bonds could be heard creaking under the violent but almost imperceptible
  struggle his body was mounting. Suddenly the ball popped into its former home
  with a loud "snap!" and the entire object quickly slammed itself the rest of
  the way home. The pet shrieked a blood-curdling scream that pierced the room
  and Alexis' ears. Maria felt sick and looked away.  
Alexis turned off the speakers and waited. She snapped at Maria to watch
  or she was next. She grabbed another cigar and lit it, picking up the remote/mike
  and spoke with venom. Her Asiatic eyes narrowed to slits.  
"Pet. You miserable twit! I told you one simple order. Shut the fuck up.
  But you can't even do that. Well, prepare to visit hell."  
She set the remote down and placed the cigar in her mouth, taking a quick
  but hard drag and exhaling as she spoke. "Maria, assemble the staff. This was
  going to be a quite night, but I can see you all have been slack with 'it'
  in my absence. Now you will see what your inattention brings."  
Maria ran from the room and returned in under two minutes with the staff.
  All four women assembled.  
"You will all kneel, two on each side of the pet, facing it."  
She spoke with her cigar clenched in her teeth.  
"Maria, unzip the miserable object's front panel and then join the rest on
  your knees."  
Maria quickly unzipped a large section of the catsuit that exposed an area
  shoulder to shoulder, from the neck to just below the groin. She removed it
  exposing bare, smoothly waxed and heavily scarred skin. She then quickly assumed
  her position on her knees.  
Alexis walked to the side of the armoire, opened a panel and removed a six-foot
  bullwhip. She then grabbed four cigars and placed them in each maid's mouth
  and lit each. She walked back around behind the table and picked up the remote.
  She pressed three buttons in succession. Suddenly the motors whirred and the
  probe quickly pulled out to just before the large ball portion and stopped.
  She pressed several more and then took the whip and cracked it above her head.  
"Pet, feel free to scream to your hearts content because no living human
  could remain silent through what you are about to endure. If you pass out,
  and you will, you will be re-awakened with electricity. Enjoy."  
At that she pushed a final button and the machine forced the enormous bulb
  into the pet. His shrieks were deafening, and then the machine pulled the bulb
  back out instantly. More shrieking.  
"Don't worry my pet, there's more!"  
She swung the whip over her head and let it land on the slave's chest with
  incredible skill and accuracy. A crack sounding like a firecracker echoed in
  the room above the slave's screams. She went right into the next stroke, taking
  no break between. She did this through ten strokes of the whip and twenty revolutions
  of the gigantic ball. Angry red welts striped its chest and small droplets
  of blood were forming.  
Alexis walked to one of the maids. "I want you to take three nice long drags
  on that cigar. And fast." The maid did so. As she did this Alexis grabbed the
  remote and turned the sound off. She smiled slightly as the only sound in the
  room was the whirring of the electric motors and the sickening wet sound of
  the probe doing its work. She thought to herself that it sounded a lot like
  a washing machine with the cover open. She walked up to the maid and pulled
  the cigar from the maid's mouth just as she was finishing the third drag.  
Alexis then took one long drag. She walked in front of the pet and exhaled
  on the inch-long glowing end of the cigar. There was still the washing machine
  wet slapping sound of the probe wreaking havoc on the pet's anus as Alexis
  turned the speakers back on. It's noise had decreased to a steady moan of pain
  and babbling. Alexis took the cigar and brought it to the pet's right nipple
  and slowly crushed it out. The room again erupted with insane screaming and
  pleading as Alexis slowly and gently ground the cigar out, taking 30 seconds
  to do so.  
She turned the sound off again and placed the extinguished cigar back in
  the maid's mouth. "Grab the lighter and get that cigar glowing again, maid".  
She walked to the maid next to the previous one, "you know what to do little
  slut. Three drags, hurry!"  
She looked at the other two, "I hope you two, especially Maria, know the
  system by now. When I finish putting the cigar out on it's chest, I want you
  smoking your cigar like your life depends on it so we don't allow it an undeserved
  break. This is supposed to be punishment, not play time."  
Alexis took the second cigar and repeated, taking a huge drag, fanning the
  inch long ember with her exhale as she went to work on the slaves other nipple.
  By the time it was extinguished the third maid had smoke pouring from her nostrils
  from the fourth consecutive inhale. Alexis occasionally turned the sound on
  to hear her pet's anguished screams. As the screams tapered to babbling and
  then went silent she took a few minutes to rest on the couch and observe the
  scene before her. The wet slapping sound from the anal probe finally ceased
  after thirty minutes as she hit the kill switch.  
She addressed her audience.  
"Well, my little sluts, I am going to take a short break and enjoy my drink
  and then we can get serious about teaching this pathetic worm a lesson. This
  has been it's warm up. Maria, get me the ball crusher, the 12 volt battery
  and the electrodes."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Moonbeam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





