BDSM Library - Cheerleader Sale




Cheerleader Sale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Cheerleader is kidnapped and prepared to be sold into slavery.Cheerleader Sale   
   
By King Leopold  
KingLeopold@Hotmail.com  
Short synopsis for the story: A Cheerleader is kidnapped and prepared to
  be sold into slavery  
Story codes: M+/f, Teen, BDSM, Slavery, NC, Heavy  
 Fourteen year old Mandy found herself being dragged by her hair into the
  room built to resemble a large medieval torture chamber. She struggled and
  fought, but the more powerful man forced her down on onto the top of a leather
  covered table and sat down on top of her. He straddled her to keep her from
  escaping as he pulled her hands up above her head and locked each of her wrists
  into leather restraining cuffs attached to the end of the table.  
 Once he had her hands secured he turning around and he forced each of her
  legs down. She tried to kick him as he buckled and locked her ankles one at
  a time into leather restraints, forcing them off to each side of the table.
  He bent her legs backwards at the knee and attached the leather cuffs to the
  sides of the table, forcing her to leave her thighs spread wide apart.  
 All the while he was doing this; she was screaming obscenities at him, yelling
  at him to leave her alone and to let her go.  
 Finished, he climbed down off of her and pulled a leather strap across the
  table and buckled it down tight right across her abdomen.  
 The strap bit into her belly and made it difficult for her to breathe in
  deeply. Though she still continued to scream, yell, curse and plead with him
  to let her go, it now wasn't as frequent nor quite as loud as she had to suck
  in air in short breaths.  
 The man then hiked the skirt of her cheerleader's uniform up to her waist,
  exposing her ruffled blue panties. Taking a pair of shears in his hand, he
  made short work of cutting her panties off of her body leaving her virginal
  flower exposed for the enjoyment of his gaze. He balled the cut up panties
  inside out in a tight wad and before Mandy knew what was happening, he had
  forced opened her mouth and shoved the wad of smelly, sweat and bodily fluid
  stained panties into her mouth, silencing her. Just as quick, he pulled another
  strap across the table, directly across her mouth and buckled it down tight
  to the other side of the table.  
 Now, she could not lift her head off the table or move it about, nor was
  she able to eject the wad of panties he had stuffed into her mouth.  
 With her bound to the top of the table, he took his time moving around the
  room and gathered a few items which he placed on the table between her legs
  where Mandy wasn't able to see what they where. She was able to watch him from
  the corner of her eyes as he drew a bowl of water from a sink and brought it
  over to the table with everything else.  
 Looking down toward the end of the table where the man stood, she could
  see him as he dipped a wash cloth into the bowl of water and then rung out
  the excess water. Unfolding the now wet cloth, he spread it out and dropped
  it on her so it covered her Venus mound and her exposed sex.  
 The water on the cloth was hot! Taking Mandy by surprise, she screamed into
  her panties as the hot cloth felt like it burned the sensitive area of her
  body, though it did not.  
 Mandy got used to the heat on her sex as he left the cloth on her for several
  minutes before removing it. While he allowed the cloth to sit on her he was
  busy shaking up a can of something. After removing the cloth he sprayed the
  contents of the can into the palm of hi right hand and then began to rub the
  foamy substance all of her cunny and surrounding area. Only then did Mandy
  realize it was shaving cream! Mandy's stomach began to turn queasy as she felt
  his hand touching and rubbing her secret private place as he spread the shaving
  cream around.  
 Taking a small hand towel, he wiped the excess cream off of his hand and
  picked up one of those three bladed disposable razors. Then starting at the
  top of her Venus mound, he began using the razor to scrape away the shaving
  cream and along with it, her soft blond pubic hair.  
 The man worked slowly but methodically, relishing every moment as he scraped
  away all the hair covering her sex until she was completely bald as the day
  she was born. Then, taking up the towel again, he wiped away any left over
  shaving from her sex and thighs. Her now naked cunny felt cold from the air
  without the soft pubic hair to keep it warm.  
 The man placed his hand on her sex feeling the smoothness of her shaved
  puss as he cupped her mound and squeezed gently. His hand stroked her all over
  her sex including her inner thighs which he squeezed several times. His fingers
  lightly toyed with the lips of her sex as they lifted apart the petals of her
  rose.  
 Bound as she was, Mandy couldn't help herself as her body responded to his
  touch and began to heat up. His fingers stroked her up and down between the
  lips of her sex as she felt herself become wet with her love juices. Within
  a few minutes, she began to breathe rapidly as she tried to suck in air despite
  the tight restraints as her body responded positively to his touch. She hated
  herself for it, yet, the pleasurable feeling as if an electrical current surged
  through her body began to overwhelm her thoughts as her mind began to swim
  away as his fingers penetrated deeper between the folds of her flower until
  he touched the membrane blocking the entrance to her womanhood.  
 The man watched her face and saw her eyes glaze over in pleasure as his
  fingers fondled her pleasure knob. He stimulated her clitoris by flicking,
  squeezing and rubbing it, her eyes rolling upwards as her body strained against
  her bonds. Suddenly she began to quiver and shake as her a powerful orgasm
  over took her mind and creamed his fingers with her sweet sticky cum.  
 When he was finished fingering her, he put his fingers into his mouth and
  sucked them clean. He then bent over and buried his face into her pussy. Using
  his tongue began to lap up the sweet honey flavored cum which had drenched
  her sex.  
 More pleasurable than his rough fingers, his soft tongue stroked her pussy
  between the folds of her lips starting at the bottom and sliding upwards slowly
  until it reached her clit where he used his tongue to pop it up and down sending
  waves of pleasure to crash over Mandy. Again and again he repeated the actions
  with his tongue as he took his finger and used it to press against the puckered
  rosebud of her anus.  
 Mandy could feel the pressure of his finger against her ass as he slowly
  pushed it inside of her passed the sphincter ring. She tried to keep it out
  by keeping her rosebud puckered tight, but with his tongue driving her into
  another cycle of a pleasurable orgasm, she realized she was fighting a loosing
  battle.  
 Suddenly his lips were wrapped around her clit as he sucked into his mouth
  causing Mandy to relax. The man felt her body go and that was the moment he
  was waiting for! He shoved his finger into her ass up to the knuckle of his
  hand and at the same time he sucked her clit into his mouth and bit down hard
  with his teeth.  
 It was more than Mandy could handle as she screamed into her panty gag from
  the pain of the bite as well as the pleasure of the most powerful, intense
  orgasm she ever had. So much so, she had actually blacked out for a few moments
  as she exploded over and over, drenching his face with her cum.  
 The man stood up over smiling. He picked up the hand towel and just before
  he wiped his face and his chin, he licked his lips in a discussing manor and
  udder the word, &quot;Sweet.&quot;  
 Exhausted from her ordeal, Mandy was too tired to struggle as he un-strapped
  her from the table and removed the gag from her mouth and made her stand up.  
 Her hands hung loosely at her sides tugging her skirt down as he pushed
  her to the center of the room where he placed a short spreader bar between
  the ankle cuffs which were still locked around her legs. This forced her to
  stand with her legs wide which prevented her from trying to run away or kick
  him. He then removed her shoes and socks leaving her barefoot on the cold stone
  floor.  
 Next he took a leather harness set and buckled the first part around her
  right arm pinning her forearm up against her bicep in a chicken wing fashion
  against her right shoulder. A single strap from the harness passed across her
  back where the other end of the harness did the same to her left arm. He then
  adjusted the strap across her back so tight that it held her arms in place
  pinned against her body.  
 Next, he picked up two leather mitts and pulled each one over her hands
  and buckled them tight over her wrists. The one on her right wrist had a strap
  extending from it. This one he pulled behind her neck over to the other one
  which had a buckle attached to it. Pulling the strap through the buckle forced
  her hands to bend towards each other on top of her shoulders.  
 Once again Mandy was bound with no hope of escape.  
 The man picked up a hard rubber ball with several straps attached to it.
  He told her to open her mouth and forced the ball into her mouth. He buckled
  one set of straps behind her head while the second set was buckled up under
  her chin. The ball gag didn't fill her mouth like the panty gag did, but it
  was much more effective as a gag.  
 Picking up a black leather collar, the man buckled it around Mandy's neck
  like a dog.  
 Picking up a large hinged ring, he opened up the ring separating the blunt
  ends and inserted them into her nostrils, snapping the ring shut. The blunt
  ends came together with only her nasal septum separating them. It hurt like
  hell and the pain was so awful that she cried out and tried to shake the ring
  loose from her nose. Tears began to well up in her eyes as she stood there
  with this large ring hanging from her nose as if she was some kind of animal.  
 The man grabbed the ring and yanked it upwards forcing Mandy up, lifting
  her heals off the floor so she stood balancing on the balls of her feet. He
  then attached the ring to the end of a small chain hanging down from the ceiling
  leaving her in her precarious situation.  
 Mandy was totally helpless once again as he pulled her cheerleading sweater
  up over her breasts exposing her nice round globes hidden behind her white
  cotton bra.  
 Reaching between her breasts he unlatched her bra allowing her firm orbs
  to be free of their captivity. Pushing her bra aside, the man grabbed each
  of her breasts with his hands he first caressed them and then he began to squeeze
  them. He squeezed them harder and harder until it was painful. Releasing her
  breasts his fingers found their way to her tender nipples. As he began to play
  with them they grew to form two hard pebbles from the stimulation He grabbed
  each of them between his fingers and pulled on them. Mandy, bound as she was,
  she could not get away from him or the pain he was inflicting upon her breasts
  and nipples. All she could do was cry into her gag as he pulled her nipples,
  stretching them forward, forcing her to arch her back as she strained against
  her bonds before letting them (her nipples) go, laughing at her as she struggled
  to keep her balance on the balls of her feet while her head continued to be
  held upwards by the nose ring.  
 A scissors made quick work of her bra straps as he pulled it off her body
  and threw it aside. Walking over to a table, he opened a drawer and pulled
  out a long needle and a pair of rings. He moved back over to Mandy, leaned
  forward and taking her left breast in his hand, placed his mouth so it covered
  her nipple and began to suck on it as well as play with it with his tongue.
  It didn't take long before her nipple began to turn hard again.  
 The man stopped sucking and stood up. He grabbed her harden nipple between
  his fingers and taking the needle in his other hand, pressed it horizontally
  against her nipple.  
 The sharp pain from the needle poking her nipple hit her brain immediately
  and she began to scream into the ball gag when suddenly there was a pop of
  cartlege as the needle slid completely through her nipple. Mandy screamed as
  loudly as possible as the pain from the piercing hit her.  
 The man slid the needdle out of her nipple. Swabbed it in alcohol and inserted
  a permanent nipple ring. Once the ring was clasped, there was no way of removing
  it except to have it cut off.  
 Finished with her left nipple, the man leaned forward for a second time
  and began to suck on Mandy's right nipple. This time Mandy new what to expect
  and dreaded every moment leading up to the piercing of that tit. She even tried
  to beg him not to do it, offering to give him or do anything he wants, but
  with the ball gag in her mouth, her pleas were useless. The pain was just as
  fierce the second time around as he pushed the needle through her other nipple
  and ringed that one.  
 Finished, he left the room and left her standing there on the balls of her
  feet, spreader bar between her ankles, arms pinned to her shoulders with her
  hands bound to each other by the leather mitts and her head tilted backwards
  as the ring in her nose was pulled wards by the thin chain hanging down from
  the ceiling. Her sweater was pulled upwards over her breasts exposing her newly
  pierced nipples and though her cheerleading skirt was on covering her bottom
  and sex, she had no panties on and her recently shaved pussy was cold from
  the bare exposu re.  
 Though it seamed like forever that Mandy stood there in that position, it
  wasn't much more than an hour when the door to the room opened. This time when
  the man returned he had someone else with him. As they got closer to her, Mandy
  could see it was another older man. A well dressed man. Very well dressed.
  As if he was rich.  
 The man who had captured Mandy and brought her to this place said, &quot;Just
  as you like sir. Blonde, blue eyed and young. I believe she's thirteen or fourteen
  years old.&quot;  
 The other man walked around Mandy, looking t her as if he was inspecting
  a piece of meat. He moved up behind her and reaching around her he groped her
  breasts. &quot;Hmmmm, nice and firm.&quot;  
 &quot;I took the liberty of piercing her nipples for you.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, I see that.&quot; He said as he pulled them forward. Mandy tried
  to move with them to relieve the pain on her nipples as her breasts contorted
  into cone shapes as he steadily pulled the rings outward, but her bonds would
  not allow her to do so. She wailed in pain behind her gag until he released
  the rings in which her cries were then reduced to muffled groans.  
 Still pawing one of Mandy's breasts with one hand, he moved his other hand
  slowly downwards, gliding over her semi-flat belly, down past her skirt to
  her bare thigh. There his hand changed directions and traveled upwards on her
  thigh, under her skirt, lifting it as he went along. He then gripped a large
  part of the soft flesh of her inner thigh just below her sex between his thumb
  and index finger and pinched it painfully.  
 Mandy screamed into her gag and wriggled in her bonds begging him in muffled
  noises for him to release her. He just laughed in her ear as he felt her squirming
  in his arms as he continued to pinch her thigh, creating a bruise.  
 Finally, he let her thigh go, but before Mandy's body had a moment to relax,
  she felt him cup her pussy with his hand.  
 &quot;Hmmm, a nice smooth, hairless puss.&quot; The man said.  
 &quot;Yes, I shaved her clean shortly before your arrival.&quot; The other
  man responded as he watched the older gentleman inspect Mandy.  
 Mandy tensed and tried to will his hand away from her sex as his fingers
  unfolded the petals of her sexual flower and slipped up inside of her.  
 She became embarrassed when she realized how moist and excited her pussy
  was. Her mind told her it was wrong what he was doing to her, while her body
  betrayed her and she responded with pleasure to his touch. As his fingers slipped
  past the protective shield of her sex he found her clitorious and began to
  stimulate it with his finger.  
 Mandy's eyes half closed and a small pleasurable moan could be heard coming
  from behind her gag as his fingers began to make her body quiver.  
 &quot;Is she still...how would you say... intact?&quot; He asked as he continued
  to rub her clit, but at a faster pace now as Mandy's breathing grew rapidly
  through her nose.  
 &quot;You mean, is she still a virgin?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes. Exactly.&quot; He answered, while rubbing her clit even faster,
  bringing Mandy close to a climax. &quot;Is she still a virgin?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes. I checked her out already. I grantee that her hymen is still
  there.&quot;  
 Mandy was on the verge of the most powerful orgasm when suddenly the man
  stopped rubbing her clit and removed his hands from her body. Mandy groaned
  in frustration at him through the gag.  
 &quot;Excellent!&quot; The man who had been rubbing her said. &quot;I'll
  take her.&quot; And the turning to Mandy he said, &quot;Don't worry my new
  little sex slave. They'll be plenty of time for you to have orgasms later when
  you are busy serving me as my new toy. But first I need to write this man a
  nice hefty check and make arrangements for you to be delivered to my estate.
  So, I'll see you in a few days, and then we'll have lots of fun together as
  we spend our days and evenings training you to serve me.&quot; He told her
  and kissed her on the center of her gag.  
 Both men then turned and left the room, turning out the light as they went
  to complete their deal, leaving Mandy alone, scared and in the dark.  
 The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  King Leopold


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





