BDSM Library - Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal




Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An advanced race of human-like aliens seek the random total submission of Earth's men, women and children. Let the harvest begin.Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal  by Jill Crokett  
 (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
Early in 2019 the people of earth were stunned into collective numbness at
  the epiphany of their first discovery of extraterrestrial life in the universe;
  and a far superior life at that. At 3:15pm on the afternoon of Tuesday, February
  8 th  , an unbelievably huge object that would soon
  become known to all humans as an Edwardian Starship appeared to hover motionless
  over Ayer's Rock in the hot summer desert sun of central Australia.  
As CNN, BBC and FOX all went nonstop and commercial-free 24/7 for the next
  four months, people all over the world left work, school, and automobile to
  gather around TV sets in pubs, sports bars, mahjong parlors and coffee shops.
  Temporarily abandoned vehicles littered the streets of the planet. It was clearly
  the biggest news story in the history of the human race; bigger than the discoveries
  of aviation and nuclear science combined, bigger than the entire history of
  Christianity, bigger than the story of Western Civilization itself. Churches
  held prayer vigils. Employers set up huge flat-screen TV monitors throughout
  workplaces to encourage people to return to work. Rather quickly, some began
  spending their life savings on holidays or draining retirement accounts to
  fund lavish vacations while others bought guns, horded food, and turned their
  root-cellars into bunkers.  
The Edwardian people that showed up walking the hot outback desert east of
  Alice Springs that blazingly bright southern hemisphere summer afternoon, looking
  not unlike bumbling Japanese tourists in their floppy wide-brimmed hats and
  odd-looking but comfortable off-white cotton clothes, where strangely not all
  that different-looking from humans. The most distinguishing feature was that
  the Edo had heads that were about 10% larger than humans. That 10% increase
  in brain matter was estimated to facilitate a 7,000 percent increase in intelligence
  over humans. Imagine a single human trying to communicate with 70 people at
  once. Imagine 70 humans all driving a single bus, or even flying a complicated
  jet fighter. 95% of them could be asleep and the job performance would still
  be outstanding. Any way you sliced it, to the Edo, humans were very, very simple-minded
  creatures.  
The Edo were overall slightly smaller than humans, but like humans, their
  height and weight varied from one to another. Their light cotton clothing,
  while maybe not in vogue, was certainly not outer-space-like. Their head hair
  was very fine and short and appeared to be the only hair on their body, but
  from 50 meters away in was difficult to distinguish the Edo from humans, especially
  if they had a hat on. There were male and female Edwardians, but their differentiating
  features were visually ambiguous at a distance of greater than 10 meters. Both
  sexes tended to dress alike.  
On closer visual contact, the Edo had fingers which were slightly longer
  and thinner than humans. The most notable close-up distinguishing feature was
  that their hairless, somewhat-Asian-colored skin exuded a somewhat shiny oil
  which was believed to protect their entire body from the effects of solar and
  thermonuclear radiation. Very handy if you're traveling a million light years
  in a matter of minutes.  
While the first contacts and initial communications with the Edo were very
  polite, it was quickly clear that they thought of humans the way humans think
  of domestic farm animals; part of the scene but not something you intellectually
  interact with. And yes, although they seemed to have very little to say to
  one another, each of the visitors had undertaken the courtesy of learning both
  Basic English and Mandarin Chinese before landing. A two week intensive course
  they said.  
Within three months of initial contact with the aliens the major governments
  on earth all knew what every human political leader was afraid to say in public.
  The Edwardians were from a planet whose entire solar system had used up its
  natural resources, specifically its agricultural resources. They had plenty
  of technology, but were rapidly running out of sources of food. Their scan
  of the universe revealed that the planet we know as Earth best matched the
  atmosphere composition, radiation level, and ambient temperature of their home
  planet, Edo. They were here for one reason; our natural resources, all of them.
  But they were willing to work out a deal. "After all, we're reasonable people" their
  chief representative said in a somewhat squealy voice.  
The Edwardians proposed only two options:  
Option One; they would immediately begin liquidating all human life on Earth,
  and simultaneously begin teleporting their population to colonize Earth. But
  they made it clear that this option was not their first choice. They explained
  that they were from a place a long, long way away, and they were frank in explaining
  that their teleporting facilities were not only expensive to operate, but were
  limited to teleporting about 10,000 objects, or people, a day. At that rate
  it would take them over 300 years to get their entire population to Earth.  
Option Two; Edwardians were not exceptionally huge eaters, so 40 kilos of
  meat would feed a family of four Edwardians for a month, greatly supplementing
  their diet, and greatly taking a food resource burden off of their home planet.
  What the aliens proposed was working in cooperation with Earth authorities
  to harvest 10,000 humans a day from Earth's bulging eight billion population
  and teleport them, or their processed carcasses, to Edo for consumption. With
  this option Earth's population growth might be stabilized and Earth could actually
  benefit by preserving some of its own resources. The Edwardians would also
  immediately hire, at well-paying jobs, over 5,000 humans as employees on Earth
  to help process those harvested.  
They went on to explain that the second option plan would exempt the current
  ruling leaders and their immediate families from being harvested. Exempt persons
  would have a small microchip injected under the skin designating their special
  status. In addition, the entire country of New Zealand, because of its ideally
  isolated location, would become a special harvest-exempt zone. In this way,
  persons who had received special privilege by either Earth governments or the
  Edwardians could be sent there, with or without the implanted microchip, knowing
  they and their families would be safe there forever. Flights into and Immigration
  into New Zealand would be strictly controlled by the Edwardians. All other
  nations of the Earth would be subject to random harvesting on a rotating basis.
  Harvesting frequency would be based on a nation's population. China would give
  up the equivalent of a small-town every four days. The United States would
  give up the equivalent of one every three weeks. Canada and Australia would
  give up the equivalent of a town of 10,000 people once every year. There would
  be no lottery system; the Edwardians would simply choose a town or a section
  of a city, seal it off and begin beaming the people to their massive new processing
  plant they would build in the Australian desert. In the case of live unprocessed
  meat and slaves, those humans would be beamed directly to Edo. Yes, the Edwardians
  would reserve the right keep some of the harvested humans as slaves or livestock
  on their home planet. This was needed for Edo national security, just in case
  the teleporting facilities were to break down for an extended period.  
There was little debate among the leaders on earth. They had no choice but
  to agree to Option Two of the Edwardian Proposal. They agreed that as little
  press as possible should be given to the daily harvesting, so as not to overly
  concerned the earth's populace. After all, the chance of any one person getting
  harvested on any given day was one in 800,000.  
Continued in Chapter Two  
Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal  by Jill Crokett  
 (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
Chapter Two: A Rebel Mole   
My code name is Grey Marleau. I cannot tell you my real name. I am writing
  this secret journal at risk to my own life and that of my loved ones. My writing
  has only one purpose; that my fellow citizens of Earth learn the truth.  
Ever since alien Edwardians appeared on our planet four years ago, there
  has been a worldwide conspiracy between major governments to keep the truth
  about the alien abductions of humans out of the world media. This conspiracy
  extends to a secret global censure which bans the reporting of what actually
  happens to those persons and families (yes, entire families) who are abducted,
  and to an unspoken full media censure of any discussion of the collaboration
  by major world powers, the United Nations, and powerful human individuals,
  with regard to the exploitation of, and profiteering from, abducted, enslaved
  humans.  
Soon after receiving an MBA degree with honors from Stanford University in
  California three years ago, I was hired by Edwardian officials as an executive
  management trainee at their massive Human Processing Plant and Teleporting
  Center in central Australia, just east of the now booming but quite isolated
  city of Alice Springs. (It must be noted here that, since 2019, reporters have
  been banned from going anywhere near Alice Springs). Since completing my senior
  management internship at the plant I have been promoted, along with hundreds
  of other mid-level managers, to a supervisory management position in Human
  Harvesting and Processing which I will not further identify here. It is my
  hope that, by learning the truth about what happens to tens-of-thousands of
  their fellow humans each week, the people of Earth will know that their own
  politicians betrayed them, and they will begin to speak out against both the
  censorship, and the atrocities.  
Before explaining the functions of the massive facility in Australia where
  I work each day alongside over six thousand of other human employees, I need
  to give you some background on the abduction process itself, that is, what
  happens to people in the 30 minutes or so before we receive them.  
ABDUCTION    
I did not know how the locations of the daily mass abductions are determined.
  According to the Edwardian Proposal Treaty of 2019 they are suppose to be at
  random but totally determined by the Edwardians. Most of us humans at the plant
  assume that they are determined by some computer selection process, but that
  is conjecture on our part.  
Once the location for a given day's abduction has been determined, an Edwardian
  Starship hovers in place over the selected town, neighborhood, campus, or workplace.
  A yellow beam of light is then emitted from the starship and covers a precise
  pre-prescribed area of Earth. The beam penetrates buildings, trees, steel,
  anything it touches. Within moments, hovercraft, which are actually portable
  teleporting facilities, hover down and land throughout the prescribed area.  
Everyone in that area will be harvested and beamed to Australia. The only
  blanket exception are those who appear to be over age 60 and young kids under
  about age 10. They are always left behind. Kids between 10 and 14 years of
  age are only harvested along with their parents, and if no parents are clearly
  with them they are left alone. Anyone who appears to be 15 years or older is
  considered an adult and is taken, parents or no parents. Mothers who clearly
  are with babies or very young children are not abducted. That said, this part
  of the selection process is done very quickly and mistakes are made. When an
  abduction error is determined in the processing phase here in Australia, the
  abductee in question is simply beamed back home to their neighborhood. No apology
  is given.  
Once the yellow harvesting beam from the Edwardian Starship strikes, everyone
  and everything under its effect more or less freezes in a sort of slow-motion.
  Machines stop running. Automobile engines stall. Clocks stop. As part of my
  management training I had to witness all phases of the process, and even though
  I'm not directly involved in the human abduction phase, I've had to witness
  several of them. The people under the beam's effect can still move about and
  walk slowly; they just can't run or make quick movements. Resistance does occur,
  but because of the beam's effect the abductees cannot struggle very much. Their
  speech is also slowed down and they are not able to yell or scream very well
  under the beam's effect. Once they've been handcuffed with their hands behind
  their back, the abductees are hustled out to one of dozens of awaiting portable
  teleporting vans which are now hovering low throughout their neighborhood.
  If they resist at this point, and they occasionally do, they're sprayed in
  the face with a very brief knock-out gas and carried to the van. Each portable
  teleporting van holds about 20 people. Within minutes its human contents is
  teleported to the receiving center here in Australia, and the van is then ready
  to be filled again by the harvesting crew.  
The human employee members of the harvesting team are not affected by the
  yellow beam because of special space-like suits they wear. Edwardians supervisors,
  apparently because of an oil their skin secretes, appear to be totally immune
  to the beam's effect.  
PROCESSING    
To get a mental picture, one needs to imagine the massive scale of this place.
  The plant was built to process 10,000 human abductees a day, every day, 365
  days a year, and over 6,000 human employees work at the facility. It's a small
  town with a medical clinic, security and maintenance centers, a training center,
  dining facilities, an athletic center, and multiple employee lounges. Why,
  you might ask, would someone want to work here? The answer is simple; money.
  Even a janitor here can make several hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.
  But no matter what the pay, the mental toll of witnessing a holocaust of unimaginable
  proportions is overwhelming. Suicide and divorce rates are high among employees
  are the highest in the world, and there is a strict code of secrecy which cannot
  be broken under penalty of death. I risk my own life, and that of my loved
  ones, just for writing these words.  
Before processing can begin here at the Australia facility, the abductee
  must first be classified into one of two categories. The first category is
  Frozen Processed Human Meat, which is a carcass ready for cooking. 95% of all
  abductees entering the facility will be classified into this category. They
  will be slaughtered at the facility the day they arrive, and their carcass
  will be flashed frozen and teleported to the planet Edo within 24 hours.  
The second category, which represents only about 5% of all abductees, is
  those who are selected to be sent to Edo alive. What happens to them on Edo
  is up to the Edwardians, but generally speaking they are either slaughtered
  there as fresh meat, kept as slaves, or kept in reserve as livestock. I believe
  the Edwardians want to keep some livestock on their own turf just in case the
  teleporting system temporarily breaks down. They don't want the whole process
  there however, because their planet does not have the natural resources to
  support such an effort. The people selected to be sent to Edo alive tend to
  the related family members who can be shipped alive together as one package.  
The Edwardians have a fondness for slaughtering people together who have
  an emotional bond with one another. This is something that almost no one on
  Earth knows about except those who work in harvesting and processing. To select
  those 5% (about 500 people per day) who will be teleported to Edo alive, special
  selection teams at the Receiving Center look for family members who have been
  abducted together so they can be sent to Edo as a small group. They look for
  parents abducted together with children, pairs of sisters, brothers and sisters,
  etc. This special selection process begins as soon as the inductees arrive
  at the Receiving Center. Not all family members abducted together are selected.
  In order to qualify for special live shipment, candidates must be healthy and
  at least fairly attractive.  
The receiving area, officially known as the Teleport Receiving Center, is
  a building larger than a football stadium. 10,000 people are beamed into it
  each day. The people arrive handcuffed, dazed, and wearing exactly what that
  they had on when they were abducted; a nightgown, business suit, bathing suit,
  a bath towel, and occasionally nothing. People usually have been harvested
  at home or work, but they also just as well might have been seized on a city
  sidewalk, a university campus, a bus, a subway train or their very own automobile.
  No one knows it is coming.  
During the two-minute teleporting process the handcuffed abductees are shown
  a brief video warning them to be compliant once they arrive at the center.
  The video is always in their native language, and it is very graphic. It shows
  several unfortunate abductees being bayoneted for refusing to obey a direct
  order. The brief video makes it clear. Noncompliance will not be tolerated.  
Once the abductees have seen the video, the teleport doors fly open and the
  very first person they see is a uniformed guard holding a bayonet. He looks
  just like the one in the video. They are then hustled out into a large reception
  hall where they see hundreds of other abductees also being processed. If there
  is even the slightest noncompliance, an abductee will be bayoneted as an example
  to the hundreds of others in the hall. For this reason the floor of the receiving
  hall is a steel grate so blood will quickly drain straight down from any point.
  If the noncompliant abductee is bayoneted as an example, their body is then
  immediately hoisted up on the meat hook for all to see, just in case someone
  didn't get the message. Each day at least a dozen abductees are bayoneted in
  the receiving hall.  
The abductees are then lined up and each is quickly quizzed and computer
  scanned to calculate into which of the two groups they belong. Families and
  relatives are sorted out and group together, and from among those it is determined
  who will be sent to Edo alive. The rest, which constitute the great majority,
  are hustled, still fully clothed and handcuffed, to one of several long parallel
  conveyor belts which move them out of the hall and on to their next station.
  Guards with bayonets are stationed along the conveyor belts. The 5% selected
  to be sent live are packed back into the teleporter, and in two minutes and
  they are on the planet Edo, still handcuffed, and still wearing the clothes
  they had on when they were abducted.  
Continued in chapter three  
Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal  by Jill Crokett  
 (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
Chapter Three    
Selecting Submissives   
In a future report I'll detail what happens to those 95% of abductees who
  are slaughtered at the Processing Plant near Alice Springs, but here I wish
  to focus on what happens to the live shipments, that is, the special 5% who
  are shipped alive. In a moment I'll present a narrative detailing the experiences
  of an entire family abducted and teleported alive to Edo, but first there are
  three points which I need to clarify.  
First, in my last report I stated that most of those shipped alive are family
  members. This is true, but not 100% of the time. The Center frequently receives
  'special requests' from Edo for specific types of individuals. Abductors and
  the Receiving Center's Initial Screeners are trained to look for these 'special
  requests', and daily briefings update employees. Also, if known celebrities
  or public personalities come to the Center by random abduction, they are always
  shipped to Edo alive. This is somewhat rare but does occur about once a month.
  Abductors and Screeners receive a hefty bonus for spotting both 'special request'
  types and celebrities. The Abduction Crew often 'calls-in' the news of these "special
  catches" as soon as they have them, even before they've been placed in the
  teleporting van.  
Secondly, it is important to point out that Edwardians don't like to deal
  with live abductees who need to be restrained. They prefer to deal with abductees
  who are unrestrained, and they are experts at manipulating frightened abductees,
  using the abductee's own fear to emotionally blackmail them into submission.  
Thirdly, I should point out that during my management internship I was required
  to travel to Edo on numerous occasions. Through my experiences there, and through
  my underground contacts with former slaves in the abduction-free zone of New
  Zealand, I have a fairly clear picture of what goes on with regard to those
  500 or so humans who are shipped to Edo alive each day. Yes, as hard as it
  is to believe, alien masters on Edo are continuously releasing slaves who have
  in various ways earned their freedom. These former slaves are never returned
  directly home, but are instead teleported to New Zealand where, ironically,
  they'll be safe from further abduction. By returning them to New Zealand, the
  Edwardians hope these former slaves will stay in "safe" New Zealand, further
  hiding their stories from the rest of the world.  
The New Zealand government also has an interest in censoring the stories
  of former slaves; it doesn't want to upset its special status with the Edwardians.
  Since the Edwardians declared New Zealand an abduction-free zone, its economy
  and population have boomed. Before 2019 New Zealand, a California-sized land
  isolated in the far South Pacific, had fewer people than the greater Chicago
  area. Now it's on its way to becoming the world's seventh-largest economy and
  is expected to soon reach 30 million in population. Many "in the know" wealthy
  or politically connected people are trying to move there.  
That said, it should be pointed out that the average human on Earth does
  not think about abduction on a daily basis; it is rather something that happens
  to someone else. Most humans look upon alien abduction the way they look upon
  highway death toll statistics; it is something that happens to someone else.  
The next story you are about to read, which details a entire family's live
  transfer to Edo, is a based on a long conversation I had over several beers
  in the Alice Springs processing plant's luxurious management lounge with a
  fellow human employee who had worked on Edo for a year as a 'human handler',
  also known as a Processing Coordinator. I can personally corroborate the story
  based on what I witnessed during my own training experiences on Edo.  
A Day at the Beach   
   
Beth and Mary and their crew were excited about spending the entire day at
  the beach. Beth's successful husband Tray had just left for his office, and
  the spacious, stylishly furnished suburban home was abuzz with excitement as
  the revelers pulled on bathing suits and packed the Land Rover with a cooler,
  towels, blankets, umbrella, and folding beach chairs.  
Beth's 38-year-old-sister Mary and her two children, 16-year-old Ron and
  14-year-old Meg, had temporarily moved in with Beth's family following Mary's
  divorce. The landscape business owned by Mary's ex-husband, a former biker
  named Kenny, had gone bankrupt, and she relied totally on the kindness and
  generosity of her 36-year-old younger sister and her husband to get back on
  her feet. So far the short time living together had been almost magical as
  the two stay-at-home moms gaily rekindled the sisterhood of their youth, and
  Beth's girl and boy, 13-year-old Brittany, and 15-year-old Hal, were thrilled
  to have their cousins sleep over.  
As sisters, Mary and Beth could not have been more different. As a teen,
  Mary had been wild; Beth studious. Big-boned and 5', 10" tall, Mary had always
  felt self-conscious about her size and weight, and she was now mildly obese
  at 175 lbs. At 5', 5", Beth was trim, pert, and athletic. Mary had hooked-up
  with the wrong man; her sister Beth had the perfect husband. Mary was on the
  rocks without a nickel of savings; Beth had a warm, beautiful home several
  miles from the ocean, a pair-time Mexican maid, and most of the material comforts
  anyone would ask for. Although both sisters wore two entirely different dress
  sizes, Beth a size 6 and Mary a size 14, may did share similar physical appearances
  including the same brown eyes and dark brown hair cut short but stylish.  
While the tall, athletic, bare-chested 16-year-old Ron, wearing only baggy
  swim trunks, tied his surfboard to the Land Rover's roof rack, the athletically
  toned but somewhat flat-chested Beth, upstairs, quickly slipped into a classic
  hip-hugger-style metallic-light-blue bikini with lightly padded cups. The rather
  full-figured Mary, downstairs in the kitchen making the last picnic sandwich,
  had already donned her old matronly-looking navy-blue one piece bathing suit.
  No padding was needed. The two young girls were already in the Rover, teasing
  Ron about his nice abs and honking the horn while shouting "let's go."  
Beth had just pulled out of her driveway when a strange deep-yellow light
  enveloped the Rover, stalling the engine. Time froze as Mary slowly mouthed "what
  is it" while Beth vainly struggled in slow-motion to restart the vehicle. Within
  seconds the Rover doors popped open and large, strong-armed men in weird HazMat-looking
  orange spacesuits began grabbing each of the six occupants by the arms and
  hair and dragging them out onto the street. Young Ron struggled with them and
  was quickly sprayed with gas. Once each of the four females and two males were
  restrained with plastic handcuffs behind their backs, one of the abductors
  entered a code on his wrist-band, signaling to the Receiving Center in Alice
  Springs that he had a Special Catch.  
Within 30 minutes of their abduction, Beth, Mary and their teenage kids were
  huddled on the floor of a small, empty interrogation room on Edo, their hands
  still tied behind their backs, still wearing their bathing suits. A neatly
  dressed human male entered the interrogation room and explained that he worked
  for the Edwardians. He introduced himself as Lawrence and said he was their "Edo
  Processing Coordinator."  
Lawrence compassionately but firmly assured the crying, handcuffed sisters
  and their children that if they cooperated completely, they might not be harmed.
  He then showed them a short video which explained what had happened to them,
  and where they were now. The video graphically detailed what "live transfer
  to Edo for enslavement or fresh meat slaughtering" meant. As the video rolled,
  all six of them cried, even the tough 16-year-old Ron. After watching the short
  but terrifying video it was clear to the two sisters and their children that
  they were captives on alien planet who were about to become an alien meal.
  All six huddled frozen in a collective terror beyond their wildest nightmares.  
Turning off the flat video screen, Lawrence turned to them and said &quot;I
  have a very special offer for you from my Edwardian supervisor. I can assure
  you, it is unusually generous. Most live-transfer abductees are slaughtered
  for fresh meat soon after they arrive on Edo. Some are chosen as slaves, but
  even they are often slaughtered after several years of servicing their Edo
  masters. A very special few of these slaves are granted their freedom and teleported
  back to earth."  
"Fortunately for your children, there's an important group of elite Edwardian
  businessmen meeting here today and my boss wants me to do anything I can to
  please them. To be frank with you, he wants them entertained."  
Beth's and Mary's eyes immediately darted to make silent direct contact with
  one another, then quickly flashed down to their virginal early-teen daughters.  
"They're willing to make you a special offer.&quot;  
&quot;Mary and Beth, my supervisors want you to give me your total submission,
  obeying every command as the Edo businessmen, as well as your children, watch.
  After an hour or so the aliens will select one of you to be slaughtered for
  their banquet tonight. The surviving sister, in exchange your group's total
  unrestrained cooperation, will then be allowed to return to earth safely with
  the children. If you all cooperate and do everything exactly as you're told,
  one of you, along with all four children, will be teleported back to a safe
  zone in New Zealand late this afternoon."  
"But if even one of you resists or becomes uncooperative, all of you will
  be slaughtered immediately. Do you understand?"  
As the two mothers plead for their children's lives, Laurence turns on another
  brief video.  
"This is what happens to uncooperative abductees" As the ultra-high-definition
  3-D video screen comes back on, a life-like, vivid image of four beautiful
  young girls appears. They are lined-up completely naked, standing at attention
  as an Edwardian in a white lab coat walks up to them one at a time and briefly
  examines their small, pert, conic young breasts. As he moves to fondle the
  third girl in line she steps back, crying in the Queen's English "don't touch
  me you filthy bastard."  
An instant later, coming off-screen from behind, a long Japanese-style bayonet
  instantly pierces through the neck of the first girl in line, exiting her Adam's
  apple. Within seconds several military-style rifles with fixed bayonets are
  seen slashing at all four girls from both front and rear as they cowered, pleading
  and screaming, into a bloody pile.  
As Laurence turns off the video and turns to the now hysterically sobbing
  mothers and teens, he speaks more firmly than ever.  
&quot;Listen up, there's no time for tears. I need to quickly go over the
  rules with you; rules which will begin immediately when we walk out of this
  room. Pay careful attention because these rules may save your life."  
"Number-one, you will be asked questions. Always answer with 'sir.' If you're
  asked a question, answer it immediately, honestly, and in a complete sentence.
  The Edwardians don't like one word answers, so answer in a complete sentence,
  completely rephrasing the question if necessary. Is that clear? Do you understand?&quot;  
Both sisters nodded affirmatively.  
&quot;Secondly, the Edwardians have highly advanced lie detector technology.
  They have sophisticated equipment that can determine from your voice whether
  or not you're lying. Under no circumstances should your answers be ambiguous
  or deceptive. Your answers must be the absolute truth. Any lie could sentence
  you and your children to death. Do you understand this completely?&quot;  
The sisters nodded affirmatively again, trembling in fear.  
"Oh, everyone in the theatre will know if you're lying, because a buzzing
  sound will be heard. As a matter of fact, this sound will be appear any time
  there is any mistruth, noncompliance, or hesitation. If the buzzing sound lasts
  more than a few seconds it will turn into a high pitched whistle, which will
  mean it is all over. Understand?"  
Lawrence's voice became more firm as he spoke. &quot;Number three, if you
  are given a command, you must carry it out exactly as given, without hesitation.
  I cannot overemphasize that. If you are to be alive at the end of this day,
  if you are going to be safe in New Zealand by suppertime, you must perform
  the task you are given exactly as it is stated and immediately, without the
  slightest hesitation. Do you understand that?&quot;  
The six all nodded repeatedly.  
&quot;Just a few more things before we begin. When we leave this room, I
  will walk you out on a stage. There will be Edwardian armed guards on stage,
  as well as Edwardian aliens in the audience. Don't let that frighten you. Beth
  and Mary, you will remain on stage with me; guards will lead the kids into
  a glass-windowed booth at one side of the stage. From the booth they'll be
  able to see and hear you. You'll be able to see them through the glass, but
  you won't be able to hear them. Do not try to communicate with them, alright?"  
Wiping tears from their eyes, the moms both replied affirmatively.  
As tears dripped down on bathing suits Lawrence said &quot;save the tears
  for later, right now I need to get you out of those handcuffs. Oh, and one
  last thing, don't speak unless spoken too.&quot;  
Lawrence had the six stand up and turn around as he used a wire cutter from
  his back pocket to clip their wrists free from the plastic cuffs. He then led
  them out of the room and down a narrow hall onto a dimly-lit stage.  
As Beth and Mary stepped up on the stage rubbing their wrists, still clad
  in bathing suits, they could see Ron, Meg, Hal, and Britney being led, by alien
  guards with fixed bayonets slung over their shoulders, into a small, interiorly-lit
  glass-paneled booth. From their viewpoint the children could clearly see their
  mothers.  
Lawrence quietly instructed the women to stand about 10 ft. apart from one
  other near the center of the stage, facing the audience with their hands at
  their sides. From the corner of their eyes they could see the kids.  
As their eyes adjusted to the light the sisters could make out about 150
  human-like aliens sitting in a small auditorium looking back at them. They
  did not appear threatening, and other than their slightly larger heads covered
  with fuzzy hair, they didn't look all that unusual.  
Continued in Chapter Four  
This is a work of total fiction and sci-fi fantasy. I don't condone the mistreatment
  of adults or children. All names are fictitious and any similarity to a real
  person is coincidence. Jill V. Crokett  
   
Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal  by Jill Crokett  
 (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
Chapter Four    
The Stage   
   
Lawrence began innocently enough, asking the two women simple questions.
  How old were they? Where were they born? Where do they live? Where they Married?
  How many children did they have? The questions were basic, easy to answer,
  and the buzzer never sounded, neither from delay in answering or from a false
  answer. But 38-year-old Mary, in her maternal looking one-piece bathing suit,
  and 36-year-old sister Beth, in her classic bikini, were obviously nervous
  as their chests raised and lowered with each anxious breath. The impressions
  of Mary's large, erect nipples were clearly visible through the top of the
  one-piece and they could be seen to move with her breathing even though she
  stood at attention before her interrogator. The padded cups of Beth's bikini
  top did not afford such a view.  
Both sisters had remembered to rephrase their answers in complete sentences,
  and everything had gone well until the questions suddenly turned intimately
  personal.  
&quot;Mary, do you ever masturbate, and if so, where and how often?&quot;  
Mary was silent for several long seconds as he she glanced toward the booth
  where her 16-year-old son Ron and her 14-year-old daughter Meg peered out from
  behind the glass. As tears built up in her eyes, an eerie buzzing sound began
  to echo throughout the auditorium.  
&quot;Yes sir, I masturbate uh, about uh, several times a month, usually
  using a shower massager&quot; she answered nervously as the buzzer stopped,
  remembering to phrase the answer in a complete statement.  
&quot;So then, you enjoy masturbating in the shower, do you? What do you
  like to fantasize about when you masturbate, Mary? Please, share with the audience
  your favorite sexual fantasy&quot; Lawrence commanded.  
Mary, remembering the lie detector, now began to tear-up silently, her lower
  lip quivering at the buzzing sound which once again began to build.  
&quot;When I, I masturbate, sir I, uh, fantasize that, I, I'm in the shower
  with my brother-in-law Tray and uh, I look up and see my son Ron&quot; she
  answered as the buzzer stopped and a tear dripped down onto her dark blue swimsuit.  
&quot;Mary, that last buzzer came awful close to the whistle. I'll give you
  no further verbal warnings, do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Mr. Lawrence&quot; she replied like a soldier.  
&quot;Mary&quot; Lawrence continued, this time stepping closely behind her
  and posing himself as if he were about to whisper in her ear &quot;tell us
  what Tray and Ron are doing in your masturbation fantasy.&quot;  
Responding quickly but haltingly through tears, Mary humiliatingly chimed &quot;in,
  in muh, my fantasy I'm uh, bent over in the shower and mm, muh, my brother-in-law,
  uh, my sister's husband, he, he's fuh, fuh, fucking me from behind. Then I
  um, I look up and see my son Ron watching us through the glass stall." Glancing
  at her son, Mary begins to break down, adding "and um, I watch Ron as he, he
  strips down naked and joins us in the shower.&quot;  
Mary stops, hanging her head down to weep aloud.  
Lawrence is silent for a moment or two, not questioning her further. He then
  commands &quot;Guards, bring that tall blond boy out on stage.&quot;  
16-year-old Ron appeared on-stage looking the stereotypical surfer-boy; thin,
  tall, ripple-chested, long-curly-haired, shirtless, wearing only baggy, shiny-black
  swim trunks. Lawrence took Mary by the shoulders turned her sideways, forcing
  her to face her son.  
Rhetorically quizzing the audience, Lawrence announced "Do you think a 16-year-old
  boy would get an erection if we stripped his mother naked in front of him?&quot; The
  Edwardian audience, all mumbling to one another, hummed with excitement.  
Standing behind her, Lawrence worked his index fingers under each of the
  wide shoulder straps of Mary's modest lifeguard-style swimsuit. Laterally pulling
  the shoulder straps open, Lawrence stretched the suit's neckline tightly down
  over her shoulders and down her upper arms, exposing the deep cleavage of her
  upper chest. He then grabbed the front of the swimsuit with one hand and jerked
  it down as Mary's white breasts popped out before her teenage son's eyes. She
  had huge, fleshy nipples which were fully erect with anticipation. They heaved
  up and down with each anxious breath as Laurence continued to pull the suit
  down to her navel, one-at-a-time lifting her arms out of it. Mary now stood
  in front of her son stripped to the waist.  
As Ron gazed at his mother's large pendulous breasts, Lawrence stood behind
  her and commanded &quot;Mary, lift your arms up over your head.&quot;  
As she obediently complied with a &quot;yes sir&quot;, Mary raised her arms
  in submission as Lawrence reached around her and cupped her breasts from behind.
  The master of ceremonies then lifted each breast by the nipples and toyed with
  them, using the huge nipples to jiggle the heavy white breasts in front of
  her now embarrassingly red-faced son. As Ron stared at his mother's creamy,
  full-figured torso, her pelvis still wrapped in the tight, dark-blue swimsuit,
  his chest pounded with youthful anticipation.  
Releasing Mary's breasts, Lawrence squatted down behind her as he slid his
  hands down her abdomen, his fingers griping the bottom half of the swimsuit
  from the inside. Tugging the elastic fabric over her wide, full figured hips
  and buttocks, Lawrence stripped the 38-year-old divorcee completely naked.
  As the maternal-looking suit dropped to the floor, Ron's eyes could not help
  but glance down at his mother's neatly trimmed brunette bush, which faintly
  revealed the hidden vertical slit of her femininity beneath short dark curls.  
&quot;Mary, step forward and kneel in front of your son.&quot; Lawrence ordered
  as her eyes anxiously opened wide.  
As Mary reluctantly complied, Ron nervously avoided eye contact with her.  
&quot;Ron, put your hands behind your back.&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir&quot; answered the 16-year-old as his mother, nervously quivering,
  knelt in front of him, a tear dripping off her nose.  
As Beth, Hal, and the girls all looked on in anxious anticipation, Lawrence
  ordered "Mary, pull down your son's swimsuit.&quot;  
Through a face contorted to cry, Mary barely answered &quot;Yes sir.&quot; As
  tears of resignation dripped down onto her bare breasts, the 38-year-old mom
  obediently undid the drawstring of Ron's swimsuit. She then reached her arms
  around his waist and slid her fingers under the elastic waistband of her teenage
  son's swim trunks, tugging them down, exposing his tight, athletic, un-tanned
  butt cheeks. She then slid her fingers around the front of the waistband and
  firmly pulled it toward her, drawing it down. As her did a swollen, glisteningly
  smooth, erect penis sprang up out of the black cloth, momentarily brushing
  Mary's jaw and causing her to blush a deep red hue. As she obediently dropped
  Ron's trunks to his ankles, Lawrence spoke firmly.  
&quot;Mary, I'm only going to tell you this once, and I there must be full
  compliance. Any failure on your part and I will begin bayoneting all of you,
  beginning with your daughter. Do you understand?"  
Mary only nodded affirmatively, her tear-streaked expression twisted in humiliation.  
"Mary, I want you to put the head of your son's cock in your mouth and I
  want you to suck on it. Do this while you fondle his balls with one hand and
  stroke his shaft with the other. Do you understand?"  
Mary tearfully nodded yes, her lower lip quivering, as she made eye contact
  with Lawrence, silently pleading to him for mercy.  
"Yes Mary, I want you to suck Ron's dick until he comes in your mouth. And
  then I want you swallow his come, every single drop of it. One drop on the
  floor Mary and it's over with, for all of you, do you understand?&quot;  
Through tears Mary quietly answered &quot;yes sir&quot; as she lifted her
  son's balls with her left hand, causing his erect penis to point toward her
  mouth. As she reluctantly held Ron's rigid shaft with her right fingers, she
  looked like a child forced to eat raw liver as her lips slowly enveloped the
  swollen head of his penis. With her left fingertips Mary gently stroked Ron's
  balls while her tongue traversed the sensitive underside of his glans, all
  in an attempt to expedite the act's completion.  
Mary's wish was quickly granted as 60 seconds later the teenager faintly
  convulsed in a trembling, standing orgasm as his salty, warm ejaculate rapidly
  squirted over and over again into his mother's mouth. Mary firmly clasped her
  son's shaft with her lips as she repeated swallowed with every few squirts
  for fear of the slippery ejaculate leaking onto the floor. Her clamping lips
  did not releasing Ron's cock his until his last orgasmic spasm subsided and
  she had obediently swallowed his last drop of come.  
When his mother had completed her sex act on him, Ron was led naked back
  to the booth to rejoin his clothed cousins and sister, his face beet-red with
  shame and embarrassment.  
As a humiliated Mary was instructed to once again stand and face the audience,
  Lawrence walked over to Beth, still in shock from just having witnessed her
  sister perform fellatio on her own son.  
Beth stood in contrast to Mary. She was almost half-a-foot shorter than her
  sister and looked athletically fit and trim in her classic light-metallic-blue
  bikini. As Lawrence stood next to Beth he was quite direct as he quickly drew
  the audience's attention away from Mary.  
&quot;Beth, tell us, in some detail, about your husband Tray's sexual preferences;
  his favorite sexual positions, what he enjoys doing in bed, and so forth&quot; Lawrence
  inquired.  
Beth, nervously glancing at her children through the glass, hesitated. Hearing
  the buzzer she replied &quot;well, um, when we make um, love, my um, husband
  Tray, he uh, enjoys putting my legs up his shoulders and uh, fucking me hard." As
  she said 'fucking me hard', Beth's face twisted up and she began to cry softly.
  Through her tears she continued "he, he also likes to spread my legs and um,
  place the bottoms of my feet on his chest so um, so my knees are, are pushed
  up to my armpits, and, and he likes it really hard in that position. He likes
  to make me, uh, scream while he's, he's doing that." She was silent for a few
  seconds as the buzzer began, and she then continued "Sometimes he just wants
  me to kneel, kneel submissively between his legs and, and give him a bluh,
  blow job while he sits in a comfortable chair.&quot;  
There was more silence as Beth fought back tears, and once again had to fight
  off the dreaded buzzer.  
Resuming, her voice cracked &quot;Tray wants a, a submissive wife. He wants
  my, my pussy shaved." "I, I love him very much&quot; she added as she burst
  into tears. The moved audience of Edwardians broke into a faint applause in
  acknowledgement of her frankness.  
&quot;Beth, thank you very much for sharing that with us&quot; Lawrence announced
  in faux appreciation as he then walked directly in front of her. Facing Beth
  he gently slid both of his index fingers under the shoulder straps of her bikini.  
As Laurence stared directly into Beth's eyes and gently stroked her shoulders
  with his fingertips, he instructed the guards to bring her 15-year-old son
  from the booth.  
&quot;Beth" he proclaimed looking straight at her "I'm going to strip you
  naked in front of Hal." The 36-year-old housewife and mother only looked down
  at the floor and wept silently, her head slightly quivering.  
As Hal was brought on stage in front of his mother, Laurence stepped behind
  her and commanded &quot;Beth, put your arms straight up over your head.&quot; As
  she complied he stepped behind her and unhooked her bikini top. He then reached
  from behind and slid both hands up under her padded cups, fingering her nipples
  between his thumb and index finger as her son watched. Lifting the top up over
  her head, Lawrence revealed small, firm white breasts topped with dark nipples
  and highlighted by tan lines; the flatness of her tits accentuated by the position
  of her up stretched arms.  
Lawrence slid his hands down across Beth's tight belly and into the elastic
  band of her bikini bottom. As he probed her femininity with his fingers he
  pulled Beth tight against his pelvis, her arms still submissively overhead.
  With her breathing becoming heavier as her teenage son looked on, Lawrence
  stroked Beth's clit beneath the bikini. The smoothness of her Mons Venus revealed
  to him that the housewife's pussy had recently been clean-shaved.  
Without pulling down her bikini bottom, Lawrence loudly inquired &quot;Beth
  when did you last shave your pussy?&quot;  
Remembering to answer in a complete sentence, yet hesitating in front of
  her teenage son, Beth tearily replied &quot;I was shaved down there two days
  ago, by my husband.&quot;  
&quot;Tell us the facts Beth, where did this happen, and why did he do it" Lawrence
  interrogated.  
&quot;Sir, it took place at uh, a hotel near my husband's office. We met
  there over his lunch hour on Tuesday. He stripped me and had me lie on a towel
  on the edge of the bed. Then he, he shaved me.&quot;  
&quot;And what did your husband do after he shaved you, Beth?&quot;  
Beth stared at her son in front of her and then glanced toward her daughter
  in the booth. As the buzzer began to sound, Beth started to cry again. Through
  tears she spoke as the buzzer stopped.  
&quot;After my husband shaved me, he, he knelt at the edge of the bed and,
  and sucked my clitoris until I um, until I had an orgasm. I had a strong orgasm.
  Then he got up on the bed and put my legs up over his shoulders and fucked
  me hard, uh, until I screamed.&quot;  
Beth dropped her head down and wept. As she did, Lawrence quickly stripped
  her bikini bottom down to her ankles, exposing her clean-shaved feminine crack
  to her son.  
As young Hal looked on, Lawrence asked Beth to tell the audience all about
  the first time her pussy was ever shaved. He added "Tell us every little detail
  Beth, including when, where, and by whom."  
&quot;The first time I was shaved, you know, down there, was just before
  my, my son was born" she said looking up at him. "I um, I had gone into labor
  and my husband took me to the hospital. When we got there a nurse shaved me
  to um, you know, get me ready for the doctor.&quot;  
As Beth finished, her eyes open frighteningly wide as the buzzer sounded
  in disapproval.  
Remembering to be truthful, she quickly added "Oh uh, I, I uh forgot, I was
  shaved once before that, uh, when I was sixteen" as her eyes, welling with
  tears, glanced over to the glass booth, catching the gaze of her 13-year-old
  daughter Brittany.  
"Um, you see I, I got pregnant by my um, my boyfriend in high school. My,
  my mother took me to her gynecologist and, and pleaded for him to give me an
  abortion."  
Beth stopped speaking as her face wrinkled up as she broke into tears.  
"He was a grey-hair old man. I was afraid and, and I asked him if my mother
  could stay with me. He said that was fine. As he went to leave the room he
  looked at my mom and said that his nurse would be in to prep me in a few minutes.
  I, I asked my mother what that meant, and she said they were going to shave
  me."  
Beth sobbed as she struggled to continue.  
"I told her that I didn't want them to do that, and, and she just sort of
  laughed and said that, that being shaved for your doctor was part of being
  a woman. She told me she had been shaved completely for her doctor on a number
  of different occasions. The nurse came in and made me strip and then she gave
  me a short gown that only came down to my waist. My mom and the nurse both
  laughed when I ask for a longer one. My mom stayed in the room and watched
  the nurse shave me. My pussy wasn't shaved again until five years later, when
  Hal was born."  
As Beth hung her head and cried, Lawrence walked up and whispered something
  into the nude 36-year-old mother's ear.  
&quot;Please don't make me, oh God please, I, I can't" Beth pleaded as Lawrence
  repeated himself aloud, commanding the trim brunette to kneel in front of her
  son and pull his bathing suit down to his ankles.  
As the faint buzzer became louder, two guards standing in the shadows approached
  Beth, fixed bayonets in hand. As they did, the reluctant Beth obediently knelt
  in front of her skinny, dark-haired son and pulled his trunks down to his ankles,
  exposing a rigid young phallus with black hair adorning its base.  
&quot;Beth, I want you put the head of Hal's dick in your mouth and suck
  it, suck it just like you suck his daddy's dick. And Beth, when Hal squirts,
  when he comes, I want you to pull back, with your mouth wide open, so our guests
  can see him squirt in his mom's mouth.&quot;  
Beth complied, sucking her 15-year-old's phallus through sobs, her face contorted
  in humiliation and grief. As she felt Hal tense to orgasm, Beth obediently
  released his cock from the grasp of her lips and moved her opened mouth several
  inches back in anticipation of receiving his ejaculate, just as she had been
  instructed. Much to Beth's reprieve it had taken the sexually excited teen
  only 40 seconds to come. She continued to stroke him as load after load squirted
  into her wide-open oral target.  
As she knelt with a mouthful of salty, warm ejaculate, Lawrence ordered Beth
  to turn toward the audience and humiliatingly swallow the product of her teenage
  son's first sexual encounter. As she complied with his order, her son Hal was
  led back to the glass booth.  
Once Beth was again stood up next to her sister, Lawrence ordered the guards
  to bring 14-year-old Meg, still in a two-piece swimsuit, and her nude brother
  Ron out on stage. Lawrence had Meg line up with her aunt and mom; the three
  females facing Ron. Lawrence reminded the young girl of the consequences should
  she disobey.  
16-year-old Ron now had a full frontal view of his naked, full figured mom,
  his trim, toned, and shaved aunt, and his bikini-clad younger sister. As the
  embarrassed boy stared at his naked Aunt Beth's girl-like shaved pussy slit,
  a partial erection began to slowly grow before the females' eyes.  
Lawrence ordered 14-year-old Meg to stand in front of her nude brother. As
  she hesitated, the faint buzzer sound was once again heard. As the girl complied,
  Lawrence ordered her to put your hands up over her head.  
&quot;Strip her, Ron&quot; he demanded as the teen's phallus grew to a full
  attention, embarrassingly pointing upward with a slight banana curve. As Ron
  bent over and pulled his sister's bikini bottom down to her ankles, the girl
  began to cry softly.  
"Be strong honey, be strong for us, OK?&quot; Mary offered in reassurance
  to the nervous 14-year-old, as her round, girlish white bottom was now bare
  for all to see. As Mary spoke Lawrence stepped behind her daughter and quickly
  unhooked her top, pulling it up off her arms and exposing her firm, small cones
  topped with the swollen areola of a developing girl. As Ron awkwardly stepped
  back from his sister, the view between her legs revealed a surprisingly thick,
  dark bush.  
As Meg, naked and ashamed in front of her brother, cried aloud, guards carried
  a heavy, six-inch-high platform, about the size of a small bed, onto the stage
  and placed it on the floor next to her. As the girl glanced down she saw that
  the top of the low platform was upholstered with a black, thin cushion layer
  and had something that looked like leather shackles and numerous leather belts
  attached to it.  
"Ron" Lawrence interrogated, "have you every fucked a girl?"  
As he looked at his crying, naked sister, the frightened teen answered "No
  sir."  
As Mary cried softly, Lawrence instructed the 16-year-old to kneel on the
  platform with his chest down, his butt up, and his knees spread slightly. He
  then ordered Beth to kneel behind him, spread his butt cheeks wide-open with
  her fingers, and lick her nephew's anus. Through tears she complied as her
  sister looked on. No buzzer sounded.  
"How much longer will this nightmare go on" Beth asked herself as she obediently
  licked Ron's tight, athletic butt, all while his erection grew even harder,
  dripping with pre-come.  
&quot;That's enough&quot; Lawrence interjected as he saw that the boy was
  about to come from the ass-eating. He than ordered both aunt and nephew up
  off the strange platform.  
Mary cried &quot;No, God please no, no&quot; as Lawrence ordered the guards
  to strap 14-year-old Meg down onto the platform face up, with her arms out
  spread firmly to the corners and her ankles bizarrely strapped into the cuffs
  at just above each side of her head. All this was accomplished through an array
  of leather cuffs, straps, and buckles. The 14-year-old girl's knees were then
  strapped in a slightly bent position to each side of her torso by straps attached
  to the sides of the platform. In this position the girl's femininity was no
  longer hidden by her soft brown pubic fur.  
&quot;Ron, fuck your sister&quot; Lawrence commanded as Mary began to hysterically
  scream "No."  
Meg moaned aloud as her brother's drippingly lubricated glans pushed forcefully
  against the introit of her pussy, her restrained fingers clawing at the sides
  of the padded platform. Meg angst aloud as her brother's rigid, lubed phallus
  raped itself deep against her young cervix. Fortunately for Meg it only took
  Ron a few deep strokes into her virginally tight vagina before he shook violently,
  emptying his load inside his sister. As he laid there breathing heavy, still
  rigid inside her, guards began to unstrap Meg.  
As guards moved the siblings back to the booth, Lawrence announced &quot;I'm
  finished with the children. Take all of them to a holding room.&quot;  
As the guards led all four teenagers offstage to a windowless room, Beth
  and Mary remained on stage, both standing naked before the platform. Lawrence
  addressed them and the audience as one.  
&quot;The Edwardians have done extensive research on the physical nature
  of humans. Do you know that, as a general population, females in Germany have,
  overall, the largest breasts on earth? Do you know what else they have discovered?
  The men in the African region of Ghana have, overall speaking, the largest,
  thickest penises on earth.&quot;  
As Lawrence spoke a door opened and four unescorted, extremely dark skinned,
  muscular African men walked on stage, making their entrance with a swagger
  of confidence. They were naked, and their dark chocolate skin shined as if
  it had been polished. Each of the Africans was over six-foot tall, and each
  had a single distinguishing feature that commanded the sisters' attention.
  These human employees, who worked as highly paid entertainers on Edo, had been
  pharmacologically stimulated into full erection. Unbelievably huge erections
  at that. The result was breathtaking.  
As he spoke Beth's face began to frighteningly screw up in anxious anticipation,
  her breathing once again becoming rapid.  
&quot;Strap Beth down&quot; was Lawrence's short command before he continued &quot;then
  take Mary and her son Ron to a prep room and give them both a mineral oil high
  colonic, and then bring them back on stage.&quot;  
As the heavier, naked Mary was led away, Beth was strapped down to the platform
  in the same position as Meg had been. Her knees were strapped down bent at
  her sides with her thighs wide open. Her ankles were then cuffed and strapped
  tightly above her head about one foot apart from each another. Strapped into
  this position her shaved labial lips were completely spread open.  
As the first African knelt before her spread pelvis and aligned his thick,
  rigid, chemically augmented rape-tool with her shaved pussy, Lawrence decreed &quot;Fuck
  her as deep as you can, as hard as you can, and as fast as you can, for as
  long as you can. Do you understand 'Oh-mooh-boo'?  
As the Ghanan grunted affirmatively, Beth screamed at the top of her lungs
  as his massive black, lightly lubricated cock slid all the way to her cervix
  on the first down stroke. As the building rhythm of his massive tool repeatedly
  penetrated the soul of her womanhood, Beth broke down crying like a baby as
  her face flailed from right to left; the fingers of her restrained hands digging
  in to leather straps.  
As the African's thick phallus pumped her femininity, Beth was somewhat reminded
  of what it was like to give birth. As he continued to stroke his full length
  deep inside her, Lawrence offered no consolation as he leaned down and in a
  faux whisper said &quot;Ohmubu can go on for hours, honey.&quot;  
Though he had not come yet, Lawrence ordered the now glistening with sweating
  but still erect Ohmubu up off of Beth and ordered the next hugely hung African
  to resume her rape.  
30 minutes had passed and the a third African was now deeply impaling the
  strapped down, crying, and pussy-sore 36-year-old mom. As he raped Beth a stage
  door opened and Mary and Ron were escorted back into the lights. As they reentered
  the stage Lawrence ordered the third African up off of Beth. The pussy-pounded,
  log-raped mom could barely stand as she was unstrapped and taken off-stage
  to a secluded room.  
As the guards physically carried Beth offstage, Lawrence ordered that Mary
  be strapped down on the platform in the exact same position as Beth and Meg
  had been. As the heavy, 38-year-old woman's legs were spread wide and her knees
  were pulled up and strapped beside her, the area around her now-spread butt
  cheeks and anus clearly shined with the signs of recent lubrication. Mary was
  firmly strapped down with the harness, the ankles of her thick legs secured
  tightly up near her ears.  
As Mary was fastened securely 'heels-over-head' to the rape-board, a heavy
  sawhorse-like leather covered bench was carried on stage by two guards. The
  bottoms of each of the four legs of the bench had restrained cuffs securely
  attached, and each leg also had leather restrained straps halfway up.  
&quot;Strap Ron to the horse" Lawrence barked, "and quickly, I don't want
  my Ghanan's losing their erections.&quot;  
As the tough 16-year-old began to plead to his mother, his bare, white bottom
  was bent over the horse as his wrists were shackled near the floor on one side
  while his ankles were spread and shackled to the bottom of the legs on the
  other side. Individual leather belts were then strapped around Ron's knees,
  spreading them and firmly securing them to the back legs of the bench. As his
  knees were strapped apart, guards used medical tape to tape open his butt cheeks,
  revealing the shiny evidence of his recent lubricating enema.  
Tension mounted in the auditorium as, without verbal order from Lawrence,
  an African with a huge erection walked up behind Ron. Grabbing the surfer's
  long, curly blond hair he began to force the head of his huge black cock into
  the teenager's tight, white ass. As The African persistently worked the glans
  of his massive manhood against the anal barrier, eventually opening it up as
  he slid his fist-like tool all the way into the pre-lubricated rectum as the
  boy screamed for mercy.  
Ron cried like a child as his ass was thunderously raped by the hung African
  while he lay helplessly bent over the horse.  
Mary, now strapped down in total submission, wept in sympathy for son as
  another African knelt at her pelvis and pushed against her somewhat less resistant
  asshole. Hovering over Mary's bent form with his knees and elbows locked straight,
  the muscular black man appeared to be preparing to do push-ups as he positioned
  himself to enter her rectum. Mary moaned aloud as the massive black log made
  its way forward along her mineral-oil-slick rectum. As his first slow, deep
  strokes built up to a pounding rhythm, Mary screamed and cried from the humiliation
  in pain of the anal rape, all as her son echoed her angst.  
As the first two Africans emptied their loads deep inside the mother and
  son, the other two, still fully erect, took their positions and continued the
  anal rapes. They too soon spent themselves against the background of screaming.
  When they finished, Ron and Mary were unharnessed from their humiliating restraints
  and Lawrence ordered that Ron be taken to the holding room with the others.
  As Ron was led out with an antalgic gait, the platform and horse were removed
  and Lawrence called for Beth to be returned to the stage.  
As come dripped from Mary's stretched anus, Beth could clearly see that her
  sister had been placed through an ordeal far worse than her own vaginal rape.
  As the sisters were stood up next to one another and turned to face the audience,
  Lawrence instructed them to raise their hands above their heads once again.
  As the naked, raped mothers and sisters stood in total submission, Lawrence
  prepared to deliver the audience's verdict.  
&quot;Ladies, I have received the decision of your witnesses with regard
  to your future disposition here on Edo. First, let me say that our Edwardian
  audience today believed you and you children were, overall, truthful and compliance,
  and they have decided to grant one of you, as well as all four of your children,
  total amnesty so that you may be teleported back to earth this evening.&quot;  
The sisters appeared tremendously relieved, but at the same time anxious,
  for they knew that the final fate of one of them was now to be learned.  
&quot;Just as the conditions of your possible amnesty were explained to you
  before your submission began, one of you has been chosen for slaughter, which
  shall take place today.&quot;  
Mary's face knotted in an expression of hopeless anxiety as Lawrence's eyes
  turn toward her.  
&quot;Mary&quot; he stated in the clear, calm voice as he addressed the nude,
  surrendering 38-year-old &quot;the Edwardians have chosen you to be slaughtered
  for their feast tonight.&quot;  
As Beth's eyes welled up with tears at hearing the fate of her lifelong friend
  and sister, Mary, tears also running down her cheeks, felt strangely relieved
  knowing that the nightmarish ordeal was coming to an end. She believed that
  her generous sister deserved the reprieve, and she was strangely comforted
  in knowing that at least her children would be spared, safe in the care of
  Beth and Tray.  
&quot;Mary, it is important for you to know that the others will not be teleported
  to New Zealand until you have fully cooperated with the Edwardians, right up
  to the moment of your death. Once again, if you resist or are uncooperative
  in any way, the rest will also lose their lives. If you cooperate, your sister
  and the children will be teleported at the moment of your death. Do you understand
  fully?  
Mary was angrily overcome by a sense of betrayal as she heard Lawrence speak
  words. She had previously understood that she or her sister, along with the
  four kids, would be teleported safely to New Zealand as soon as they had finished
  participating compliantly in the show for the Edwardian businessmen. She kept
  her mouth shut, not wishing to show her anger toward her heinous captors, but
  she silently seethed at the thought that she would be required to continue
  pleasing her sick masters until her final moment. But she knew she had no choice;
  the lives of her two children depended on it.  
As Beth was led offstage to a holding room, Mary remained facing the audience
  with her arms stretched overhead.  
&quot;Mary, in order to prepare you for slaughter, all of your body hair
  will be completely removed." Lawrence then instructed her to sit in a small
  folding chair which had been placed at center stage.  
Mary had expected more advanced technology than simple electric barber clippers
  as a technician removed her short, straight, dark brown hair. Dark strands
  fell to the floor in clumps revealing a soldier-like, white scalp. As the technician
  prepared her scalp, two other technicians set up what looked like a massage
  table on the stage. Next to it a cart on wheels had a tray on the top which
  contained regular, earth-like shaving implements.  
Once her head was clipped down to a crew cut the cart was wheeled over to
  her chair and one of the technicians began shaving Mary's head. After her head
  was smooth as a bowling ball Mary was led over to the portable table and instructed
  to lie on her back with her butt hanging halfway off the end, facing the audience.
  As two technicians stood to each side holding her legs apart, a third technician
  between her legs proceeded to clean shave the full figured 38-year-old's dark-haired
  pussy. As they did Mary noticed that the 150 or so businessmen in the audience
  rose up and began to file out of the auditorium.  
&quot;Once she's completely shaved, and I mean her whole body; arms, legs,
  every crack, bring her into the banquet hall&quot; Lawrence instructed to the
  guards as he left the stage.  
Continued in Chapter Five "The Live Slaughter"  
Reader - please read this first:  This is an
  adults-only story combining science fiction with sadistic sexual fantasy. It
  is to be read only by consenting adults over age 18. If you not over
  18  or if you are offended by the literary depiction of
  sexual torture  , mutilation, or gratuitous murder, please     read
  no further  and leave now  . While
  no one was hurt or exploited in the writing of this imaginary tale, the author
  wishes to make it clear that she does not condone the mistreatment of real
  people. This story is entirely a product of the author's imagination, and no
  visual images were used in its production. This story is protected by copyright
  law, and using or copying it, in whole or in part, is prohibited. All names
  used in this story are fictitious and any similarity to the name of a real
  person is a coincidence.  
Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal  - Chapter
      Five  by Jill Crokett  
 (copyright 2004, Jillian Victoria Crokett)  
The Slaughter    
   
Mary's shaved body felt cool as she was escorted through double doors into
  the banquet hall. She was not handcuffed or restrained in any way. As she entered
  the hall she could see a stage where Edwardians in white coats appeared to
  be making some sort of technical preparations. The hall was full of festive
  Edwardian men and women sitting at large round tables drinking what looked
  like exotic, glow-in-the-dark cocktails. As Mary was escorted down the center
  isle the guards stopped her every few meters as merrymakers reached out and
  ran their fingers over the 38-year-old mom's smooth pussy. Some groped her
  full round butt and hanging double-D tits. All eyes followed her as she was
  led to the stage.  
Once on the giant stage, Mary could see several open pit charcoal fires glowing
  off to one side. While her eyes darted around at the stage activities, guards
  positioned her over one of several floor drains and turned her to face the
  audience of seated diners.  
Looking up at the brightly lit stage, the attendees saw an attractive, large
  busted, somewhat full figured, middle-aged, human female. She was stripped
  naked and her head and pussy were shaved bare, the vertical slit of her femininity
  clearly visible between her legs. She had large, pendulous breasts and wide,
  saddlebag hips. They gazed up at her the way diners on earth look at a live
  lobster that they have just selected from the tank to eat.  
As Mary faced the audience with her back to those making preparations behind
  her, Lawrence stepped up on the stage and began to speak.  
&quot;Ladies and gentlemen, just three hours ago, Mary here was abducted
  from her home on Earth. Since arriving here on Edo she's been shaved from head
  to toe, given a thorough enema, and has been anally raped by several well-hung
  Africans. We will now continue her preparation here on stage.&quot;  
&quot;Mary, put your arms straight up over your head, and spread your feet
  apart&quot; Lawrence ordered.  
As Mary obeyed his command, two Edwardians in lab coats approached her, each
  carrying a bucket of warm soapy water and a washcloth. As she stood in submission
  the technicians washed her hairless body from head to toe as the crowd of about
  200 looked on. While one technician washed her pussy lips, another wiped the
  crack of her ass with a wet cloth. Her only thought was that her cooperation
  might assure the safety of her family.  
As her nude body was hand-washed in front of hundreds of spectators, Mary
  wasn't aware that technicians were placing on the floor behind her a thin,
  lightweight, custom-made metal cross to which she would be strapped. The cross
  was shaped like a modified X, with one straight piece that would run a short
  distance, from the base of her neck, down to her waist. At each end of the
  straight section, opposing V shaped pieces transitioned out to accommodate
  her spread arms and legs, forming the overall X shape. The angles of the arm
  and leg sections were slightly different, with the arm pieces angling somewhat
  overhead, and the leg sections spreading wider apart. The cross was custom-made
  to fit Mary's torso length, arm length, and leg length. The straight metal
  arm and leg sections each had four restraint straps to securely hold the divorcee's
  extremities still, while the central section had two straps, one below the
  breasts and one across the waist.  
As Mary stood surrendering to those who would eat her, her now wet body was
  suddenly grabbed from behind by a team of eight guards who quickly slammed
  her on her back against the thin titanium cross and rapidly strapped the naked
  38-year-old into a modified spread-eagle positioned. Once Mary was strapped
  tightly to it, the cross was lifted upright and secured to a steel post to
  one side of the stage. As Mary's chest anxiously heaved, Lawrence addressed
  her.  
&quot;Mary, in a short while you will be gutted alive and your body placed
  in a roasting pit. Your compliance and cooperation has been sincerely appreciated,
  and I want you to know that. Unfortunately Mary, there is a severe food shortage
  here on Edo, and for that reason my request to spare your family members has
  been denied.&quot;  
With those words Mary began to sob hysterically. &quot;No, no, Please, please,
  you promised, Mr. Lawrence, you promised sir, you gave me your word&quot; she
  pleaded through tears which now dripped down across her smooth, naked body.
  As Mary continued to scream hysterically, a ball gag was tightly strapped deep
  into her widespread mouth.  
As Mary wailed into her ball gag she saw the doors at the back of the banquet
  hall fly open as four guards carried her naked, 36-year-old sister kicking
  and screaming into the auditorium-like a room. Toned, athletic Beth was physically
  carried up on stage and laid back against her very own custom-fitted X shaped
  restraint cross which awaited her on the stage floor. Her dark hair was boyishly
  short and her pussy was already shaved bare. No further prep was performed
  on her.  
&quot;No, no, please don't do this to me&quot; Beth screamed as she struggled
  while guards held her spread eagle onto the cross and began strapping her down.
  Her cross was then carried next to Mary's and bolted upright, and a technician
  placed a ball gag in her mouth, strapping it firmly behind her head. The two
  sisters now hung facing the audience, but also positioned so that they could
  see the activity on stage.  
As butchers and cooks continued to move about with preparations, Lawrence
  spoke again to the audience.  
&quot;The two Earth women you see submissively spread before you, have each
  given birth to two human offspring. As a special treat for you this evening,
  here on this festive occasion here on the Feast of Yeomi, I'm pleased to inform
  you that we have abducted and freshly teleported all four of their offspring,
  you'll have the privilege of dining on them this evening.&quot;  
With these words Beth began to flail her head and scream into her ball gag
  as the crowd applauded Lawrence.  
&quot;Also, as another special treat for you this evening, I've arranged
  the proceedings so that the human mothers will witness the processing of their
  offspring. On top of that, two of them are fine teenage bucks, and I know many
  of you will enjoy witnessing their castration.&quot;  
As the somewhat inebriated crowd roared with approval, rivers of tears flowed
  down Beth and Mary's faces, as they strained to speak to one another with their
  eyes.  
&quot;We also have a beautiful 13-year-old human female virgin for your holiday
  dining pleasure&quot; Lawrence added, clearly trying to keep the atmosphere
  festive.  
At that moment the rear hall doors opened and Hal and Ron were hustled naked
  toward the stage as the crowd cheered their arrival. As the teenagers were
  paraded through the crowd, several inebriated Edwardian women reached out and
  fondled their genitals.  
Upon reaching the stage the guards placed the boys down on their backs and
  strapped them each to an X cross, just as their mothers had been. Their crosses
  were not erected next to their mothers, but were bolted to steel posts on the
  other side of the stage. All four crosses were slightly angled so that the
  mothers' and sons' had a clear view of each other. As the two cousins hung
  spread-wide on the cross, their manhood hanging between their legs, female
  prep technicians proceeded to shave their balls, anuses, pubic mounds, and
  underarms. One technician used scissors to crudely chop Ron's long blond surfer
  hair off to a ragged, short cut. Hal's flat-top was left alone.  
Once the boys were completely shaved neck-down, their smooth bodies were
  quickly hand washed with soapy white hand towels. Hal and Ron were then ball
  gagged as Lawrence spoke to the crowd.  
&quot;Beth and Mary will be forced to witness the complete processing of
  all four of their children before they themselves are processed. The teenage
  males will be slaughtered first, and their mothers will be forced to witness
  everything, their total castration included.&quot;  
With these words the crowd applauded in approval as Ron's and Hal's bulging
  eyes held the eerie look of nightmarish horror. As Lawrence stepped back off
  the stage, the female shaving technicians, now armed with strange-looking clear-glass
  pipes with suction tubing trailing from one end, approached the gagged teenagers.
  Each of their penises was sucked deep into one of the glass vacuum tubes, tightly
  pulling it away from the body. Another slightly wider glass vacuum tube was
  placed over each boy's scrotum and his total ball-sack was forcefully sucked
  far down the tube as it tightly cupped the base of his pelvis. The vacuum effect
  of each tube was such that the technician could pull the glass-encased, shaved
  organ away from its spread-open root without losing suction.  
Several dozen Edwardian women and men from the audience approached the stage
  to get a better look as a female Edwardian butcher stepped in front of Ron
  and pulled a long straight-razor from her belt sheath with her right hand.
  As the handsome, tan-lined, 16-year-old's eyes bulged with terror, the butcher
  pulled Ron's glass penis tube tightly from his pelvis with her left hand as
  his chest heaved with rapid breathing.  
As Mary screamed into her ball-gag the alien butcher then sliced Ron's cock
  off at its root with one stroke of the razor. She quickly proceeded to cut
  Ron's vacuum-sucked scrotum clean off with several horizontal sawing motions.
  The butcher then methodically ran the long razor deeply from Ron's chest down
  to his shaved pubes as the teen screamed his final words into his ball gag.  
Ron was left to be gutted by an assistant as the butcher moved on to a paralyzingly
  terrified Hal. Looking the 15-year-old in the eye, the butcher pulled tightly
  on his cock-tube with one hand as she cut his off his dick with the other.
  She then castrated his ball-sack with a several deliberate slices of the long
  razor. Then making a clean slice down his torso and through his navel, the
  Edwardian butcher began to gut the boy as his mother witnessed the unspeakable
  horror.  
Once they were completely gutted and their anuses carefully cut out, the
  spread-eagled teenagers were beheaded with a laser chain-saw and their carcasses
  were hosed off. Guards unbolted their crosses and carried their still-strapped-down
  carcasses to separate roasting pits.  
As the stage floor was hosed off and mopped, doors opened at the back of
  the hall and 13-year-old Britney and 14-year-old Meg were led in by guards.
  Meg was still naked from the previous forced rape by her brother. 13-year-old
  Britney still wore the one-piece bathing suit she had put on that morning.
  The girls began to cry as they saw their gagged and spread mothers appearing
  crucified on the stage. They had no idea that their gagged mothers had just
  witnessed the brutal slaughter of their sons.  
Meg was taken directly to a titanium X cross, which lay on stage with its
  straps open, and was quickly strapped to it. Her mouth was tightly ball-gagged
  as guards erected her cross exactly were Ron's had been, in full view of her
  mother. Once it was bolted in place, prep technicians began shaving her pussy
  of its soft brown fur as she hung spread eagle.  
As Meg was being prepared, Lawrence took Britney by the hand and led her
  to the front of the stage, facing the audience.  
&quot;Britney&quot; he said aloud, addressing the audience in a faux voice
  of kindness &quot;do you see your mother over there? Do you know why she's
  being treated that way?&quot;  
Britney shook her head "no.&quot;  
&quot;She's being treated that way, Britney, because you've been a bad girl.&quot;  
As Lawrence spoke a guard set a chair on the stage behind him, while another
  guard handed him an 18-inch-long hardwood ruler.  
&quot;Britney, do you know what they do to bad boys and girls here on Edo?&quot; Lawrence
  inquired as he showed her the ruler.  
Britney didn't answer as her lower lip curled and tears ran down her cheeks.  
&quot;Britney, up to their 14th birthday, boys and girls on Edo get a paddle
  on their bare bottom when they misbehave. How old are you, Britney?&quot;  
&quot;Thirteen&quot; Britney replied as face twisted up to sob.  
Lawrence, smiling to the audience, said &quot;Well, I must admit, bad girls
  on Edo probably don't get paddled in front of 200 witnesses&quot; drawing a
  squealy response of approval from the rather lubricated Edwardian throng.  
&quot;Britney, touch your toes&quot; Lawrence commanded as the girl obediently
  bent at the waist. Lawrence laid three sound swats of the paddle across Britney's
  butt as her crying voice quivered with the sound of pain.  
&quot;This just isn't going to work against your swimsuit, young lady&quot; Lawrence
  declared to the crowd as he had Britney stand up and face the audience once
  again.  
&quot;Britney, strip young lady, right now&quot; he said as he slapped the
  ruler into his opposing palm.  
 As her gagged aunt, Mom and cousin watched from the cross, and as 200 Edwardians
  stared in total silence, Britney slipped the one-piece swimsuit off her shoulders
  and pulled her arms out of it. As tears ran down her cheeks and her face contorted,
  the 13-year-old pulled the swimsuit over her butt and down to her ankles, stepping
  out of it as Lawrence took a seat behind her. Britney now stood humiliatingly
  naked before the crowd, her young breasts little more than small, swollen areola;
  a wisp of soft brown pubic hair faintly hiding her feminine slit.  
&quot;Over my lap&quot; Lawrence ordered in a firm voice as Britney obediently
  lay across him with her buttocks up.  
&quot;I'm going to give you 50 strokes with the ruler across your bottom&quot; he
  announced as the humiliated young teenager pleaded with him, &quot;and for
  the first 20 strokes, Britney, you will count them, thanking me for each one.
  The last 30 I'll deliver in rapid succession, hard and fast.&quot;  
Then as Lawrence prepared to deliver the first stroke with the ruler in his
  right hand, he slid his free left hand up under her crotch, lifting her butt
  higher as he cupped her young pussy.  
&quot;One, thank you sir. Two, thank you sir&quot; said Britney as she counted
  off the whacks of the ruler. At number eleven she broke down sobbing, pleading
  through her tears that the ruler stung her bottom. Responding to her plea,
  Lawrence disregarded her counting and accelerated the cadence and intensity
  of his paddling. As Britney flailed about, Lawrence held her down as her smooth
  young butt cheeks turned red under his rapid strokes.  
As Lawrence was paddling Britney's per bare bottom, technicians with glass
  tubes similar to those used on the boys approached the now shaved and spread
  Meg. These tubes were slightly wider than the one's used on the boys. Meg's
  14-year-old tits were sucked forcefully into the tubes. A smaller, slightly
  oval tube was placed completely over her clean shaved vulva and her pussy lips
  and clit were sucked deep into it.  
Once Britney had received all 50 strokes she was forced to stand crying,
  with her beet-red bottom facing the audience. As she breathed rapid and heavy,
  sobbing as she rubbed her sore butt cheeks, Lawrence ordered her to place her
  hands on her head. As she complied, Lawrence addressed the 5 ft. tall 13-year-old
  as if he were talking to a condemned prisoner. As he spoke in a clear, deliberate
  voice, technicians were setting up a small platform on the stage directly next
  to her.  
&quot;Britney, do you know what's going to happen next?&quot;  
Britney only shook her head "no" as she sobbed, her hands on top of her head.  
"Right here Britney, in front of this audience, in front of your mom, in
  front of your aunt, and in front of your cousin Meg, you're going to get strapped
  down to this special platform, secured to it by what we refer to here on Edo
  as a 'rape harness'.&quot;  
As Britney's face contorted and she sobbed even louder, Lawrence continued &quot;Once
  you're securely strapped down with the harness, a technician will shave you
  bare between your legs. While she shaves you, we'll have a drawing to select
  the winners of our 'door prize' for the men in the audience. Ten Edwardian
  men will be selected to fuck you, Britney, fuck you as hard as they want, for
  as long as they want.&quot;  
As the terrified, 13-year-old virgin sobbed, the audience of aliens whistled
  and applauded in approval.  
As the glass vacuum tubes continued to suck eagerly at Meg's tits and pussy
  lips, four strong guards grabbed Britney and slapped her back against the rape
  board. Straps of the rape harness were quickly buckled just below her small
  tits and low across her waist, while her arms were strapped down tightly at
  multiple points overhead. Her thighs were adducted, drawn up acutely and strapped
  down with slightly bent knees spread open just lateral to her underarms. Tethered
  ankle straps held her feet over her head, with her ankles only half as wide
  apart as her knees. At the foot of the rape board were adjustable sprinters
  starting blocks, so the men would have something to push against when thrusting.
  They even had cushioned elbow rests and knee pads.  
As Britney's pussy was shaved bare, the ten excited 'door-prize-winning'
  businessmen lined up on stage and began to strip. Although several of them
  were already excited to erection, technicians offered erection-stimulant injections,
  and all 10 took up the offer. Edwardian penises were about the same size as
  human penises, but upon becoming erect, the glans, or head, of the Edo penis
  would swell a little more than a human one, looking somewhat like a knob at
  the end of a shaft.  
As the first Edwardian pushed his hard, bulbous shaft against Britney's resisting
  maidenhead, the same butcher who had castrated the boys approached Meg, whose
  labia and tits were now well-sucked into the glass tubes. As the rapist fucked
  Britney's tight vagina while she cried, a guard retightened Meg's thigh and
  shoulder restraints, then released her mouth gag so the audience could hear
  her final screams.  
The rapist now deeply penetrated moaning Britney with full strokes as Meg's
  chest heaved anxiously as she watched the female butcher in front of her hold
  up an old-fashioned straight-razor. As Meg screamed for mercy, the butcher,
  using the glass suction tube has a pattern, neatly cut an oval circle around
  Meg's vaginal lips as she began to excise the girl's vulva from between her
  spread legs. As Meg's torso bucked against the straps and she screamed at the
  top of her lungs, the butcher made careful deep cuts around the suction tube,
  from the peritoneum up around the glass to the girl's shaved pubic mound. As
  the strong suction continued to pull her lips out, the butcher completely sliced
  away Meg's external pussy with the razor.  
After Meg's vulva had been completely cut off the butcher quickly changed
  to a clean, longer razor and began cutting off the 14-year-old's suctioned
  boobies one at a time, carefully circumscribing the glass breast tubes. One
  at a time the glass tubes fell free, taking Meg's titties with them. Then,
  as her mother Mary moaned hysterically into her gag, the Edwardian butcher
  quickly cut Meg with the razor from her neck down to her pussy in one forceful,
  determined stroke, and gutted the girl.  
As Meg endured her terrible final fate, rapist after rapist pounded deep
  into Britney as she screamed, her feet strapped up over her shoulders. By the
  time the final rapist unloaded his semen inside the 13-year-old, technicians
  had already taken Meg's beheaded carcass to a roasting pit and were cleaning
  up the floor under her cross.  
When the last rapist was finished, Lawrence made an announcement as Britney
  was unstrapped from the rape harness.  
&quot;Ladies and gentlemen, in order to add some variety to this evening's
  proceedings, I have decided that Britney will now receive 30 strokes of the
  bullwhip, after which she will be hanged.&quot;  
Britney, who, from her position on the rape board had not been able to witness
  Meg's unimaginably gratuitous slaughter, began the babble hysterically upon
  hearing Lawrence's unbelievably cruel edict.  
As a thin, shiny steel cable was lowered from the stage ceiling above, a
  guard handcuffed Britney's wrists in front of her, immediately attaching the
  handcuffs to the cable as it rose up once again lifting the teenager off of
  her toes.  
With the guards first stroke of the bullwhip across Britney's girlishly round
  bottom, she released her bladder, splattering out yellow pee all over the stage
  floor. Britney's free-hanging, slim young legs flexed and twisted in a vain
  attempt to block the whip's strokes. As the naked girl drew her knees up to
  her chest in a hopeless attempt to protect herself, the whipmaster worked the
  whip up and down her stripped body, horizontally marking the front and back
  of her torso; the thin leather lash finding its way to her tender white thighs,
  tits and buttocks.  
In a final act of unbelievable cruelty with the whip, to muscular guards
  grabbed Britney's ankles and drew them a high up, and cuffing them next to
  her overhead wrists. This hung the girl's wrists in ankles from one central
  point, forcing her knees to flex apart. In order to secure her knees from closing,
  the guards then strapped a single long leather belt around each knee and buckled
  it tight behind Britney's back, effectively locking her thighs open. As Britney
  gasped for breath, the whipmaster laid his cruelest strokes across the hysterically
  sobbing 13-year-old's shaved pussy. As he did, another thin steel cable, this
  one with a loop at the end of it, lowered from the ceiling next to her.  
Sobbing to the point of breathlessness, and nearly unconscious from the pain
  of being bullwhipped naked, Britney was lowered to the floor as her wrists
  and ankles were unhooked, and her petite, five-foot-tall, whip-marked body
  was roughly held up to face the audience. Her wrists were then reattached to
  the ends of a long, narrow 2"x4" board placed behind her shoulders, level with
  the base of her neck. Once her wrists were attached, fully extended, to this
  board, the girl appeared crucified, her arms outstretched fully to either side.
  Leather straps were then added at her shoulders and elbows, firmly holding
  her outstretched arms to the bar which ran across her back at her shoulder
  blades.  
Young Britney appeared crucified, her now clean-shaven slit clearly visible
  as she stood, legs together, facing the crowd. As Beth screamed into her gag,
  a guard slipped the thin cable noose around Britney's neck and tightened it.
  A second later the cable began to very slowly lift the girl's toes off the
  floor. As her legs kicked wildly, a final squirt of urine ejected from the
  girl's slit. For a full five minutes the naked teen twisted and flailed to
  the delight of the spectators as life was sucked from her in front of her mother.  
Once Britney was nearly unconscious, guards to either side of her held the
  crucifix beam steady with one hand as they spread her legs apart by the ankles
  with the other. The female butcher then stood in front of the girl, razor in
  hand, and proceeded to gut Britney and prepare her carcass for roasting.  
At this point Beth and Mary's only wish was to die quickly. But it would
  not be so easy. As the stage was cleaned from Britney slaughter, Lawrence once
  again addressed the two crucified mothers.  
&quot;Beth and Mary, it is now time for you to die. I have decided that you
  two mothers should undergo a special procedure, whereby, using advanced Edwardian
  medical technology, you'll be kept fully conscious and alive while we surgically
  remove, not just her pussy lips, but your vagina and entire female reproductive
  system. You'll first be given medication to keep you alive and conscious during
  the entire procedure, and you'll feel every bit of it.&quot;  
As the women's horrified eyes bulged above the ball gags, they anxiously
  heaved with rapid breathing as their nipples danced up and down on their chests.
  As Lawrence spoke, technicians surrounded them, giving them injections and
  tightening their restraint straps.  
&quot;In addition, Mary, you will have you're breasts cut off with a razor.
  Beth, because of your flat chest, we'll only cut off your nipples. Oh, since
  you are the last of your group, we're going to remove your ball gags.&quot;  
Turning to the audience Lawrence announced &quot;Should any of you need them,
  there are complementary earplugs at each place setting.&quot;  
Then walking up to spread eagled Beth and staring her in the eye as her ball
  gag was removed, Lawrence reached out and stroked his fingers across her smooth
  pussy lips and said simply &quot;Beth, honey, your first.&quot;  
With this a technicians in a white lab coat stepped between Beth's legs and
  began to make an incision from her navel down to the upper crack of her pussy
  as she pleaded for mercy.  
&quot;Please don't, please don't do this, I'll do anything, I'll suck you
  all, you can fuck me all day, please, please don't&quot; Beth begged as blood
  ran down over her shaved pussy. The female butcher then used the razor to cut
  an oval area deeply around Beth's entire pussy.  
As the butcher's worked to sadistically remove the hysterical woman's vagina,
  another team of technicians approached Mary and at attached strong clips to
  each of her nipples and areola, using a screwdriver to firmly clamp them to
  her tits. These clips were then attached to wires coming from the ceiling overhead,
  and Mary's big boobs were pulled straight out and up. As her sister Beth screamed
  in horror as her femininity was cut away next to her, Mary's mouth was ungagged
  as long syringe needles were pierced through a large breasts as she moaned
  in resignation. Mary soon joined her sister's high-pitched vocal rendition
  as the technician then inserted a long syringe needle directly up through her
  clitoris, followed by a second needle through the opening of her pee hole.  
As Beth's completely excised vagina was held up for the crowd, a male Edwardian
  technician held a razor knife to Mary's large left breast as she, helplessly
  strapped spread eagle to the cross, uselessly attempted to bargain with him.  
&quot;Please sir, please Master, I'll be your total slave, I'll serve you
  Master, my whole being will serve and worship you Master, Master please don't
  do this, I'll be your total slave sir&quot; Mary hopelessly pleaded as her
  huge boob was methodically sliced from her.  
As the two sisters screamed an apocalyptic duet, a female butcher using a
  razor deeply circumscribed Mary's shaved pussy and began slicing off each of
  her labia, one at a time as the heavyset mom screamed. As Mary continued to
  undergo her intimate torture, Beth's nightmare was coming to a close has the
  butcher held each nipple tightly between her thumb and index finger and sliced
  it off, then quickly sliced the woman's chest and abdomen open with one long
  vertical stroke of the razor. She then quickly moved on to the now breast-less
  Mary and performed the same identical maneuver, cutting her from the base of
  her neck straight down to the crack of her pussy.  
As technicians proceeded to gut the spread eagled mothers, the sides of meat
  made from the carcasses of the teenage boys were remove from the rotisserie
  oven as an Edwardian chef declared &quot;medium rare&quot; to his assistants.  
&quot;Begin serving the guests&quot; Lawrence instructed the chef as he looked
  at the time, realizing that another group of special abductees was due any
  minute from Alice Springs. As he glanced at the Edwardian-timed kitchen clock,
  Lawrence's wrist-pager buzzed with a text message informing him that 23 top
  executives of ETI, the Edwardian Teleporting monopoly, had just arrived in
  an adjoining hall for their special annual holiday dinner and entertainment.
  Lawrence knew it was very 'VIP', and everything had to be 'just right'.  
&quot;Yes&quot; Lawrence thought &quot;I have one more important show to
  host this evening before I can retire to the comforts of my swank, high-tech,
  luxury Edwardian apartment, and to the full attentions of my two beautiful,
  live-in slaves.&quot;  
 ---------------------------  
This saga will continue in Part Six, where our human underground resistance
  leader, the Human Processing Center employee "mole" known as "Grey Marleau" will
  risk his and his family's safety to give us a true but forbidden-by-censorship
  account of a human celebrity rape-party on Edo, and a mass abduction at a schoolteacher
  convention in Spain.  
Reader - please read this first:  This is an
  adults-only story combining science fiction with sadistic sexual fantasy. It
  is to be read only by consenting adults over age 18. If you not over
  18  or if you are offended by the literary depiction of
  sexual torture  , mutilation, or gratuitous murder, please  read
  no further  and leave now  . While
  no one was hurt or exploited in the writing of this imaginary tale, the author
  wishes to make it clear that she does not condone the mistreatment of real
  people. This story is entirely a product of the author's imagination, and no
  visual images were used in its production. This story is protected by copyright
  law, and using or copying it, in whole or in part, is prohibited. All names
  used in this story are fictitious and any similarity to the name of a real
  person is a coincidence.  
Option Two: the Edwardian Proposal  by Jill Crokett  
Chapter Six &ndash; The Australian Slaughterhouse   
We Hear from the Mole Again   
Dear fellow Human Underground Resistance Fighters and sympathizers; This
  is Grey Marleau again, secretly reporting to you from back here at the processing
  plant in Alice Springs, Australia. First, on behalf of the three and a half
  million humans who each year are abducted, exploited, and slaughtered with
  the complicity of their own governments, let me thank you for your support
  of the Human Underground Movement. I hope my last report in chapter five gave
  you an idea of the horrors that go on up on planet Edo. But the atrocities
  are just as great, on greater, here on Earth every day.  
As I promised you in the first paragraph of chapter three, in this report
  I will now give you the details regarding what goes on here at the processing
  plant. My report below will give you a narrative tour of this massive facility
  located here in the central Australian desert.  
There are many different types of human meat cuts that are processed here.
  You see, the Edwardians not only like to eat human steak, broiler flesh, and
  stew meat, they also have a taste for human specialty parts, that is, everything
  from the big, huge sagging breasts of mature, heavyset women, right down to
  the tight young testicles of teenage boys. For this reason the details of the
  slaughtering and butchering process is quite extensive.  
The other big thing going on here, in addition to human meat processing and
  shipping, is live entertainment production. As you've learned in my last report,
  the Edwardian's certainly like human entertainment. At any one time there are
  not less than 140 live pay-per-view digital video channels streaming from the
  Alice Springs human processing plant to Edo. If some pervert on Edo wants to
  watch a 13-year-old boy get circumcised live without anesthesia, there's a
  pay channel for that. If someone wants to watch his wide-awake 39-year-old
  D-cup mom undergo a double mastectomy without anesthesia, there's a channel
  for that too. At any one time over a hundred different strange tortures and
  sadistic rituals going on at the plant are being broadcast live to cable pay-per-view
  subscribers on Edo. Rest assured, if some big-tittied human housewife is getting
  her breasts cut off in Alice Springs, some Edwardian asshole is jacking off
  to it on Edo.  
 With a few hundred strategically placed video cameras, the Edwardian government
  makes tons off of this type of cheaply produced entertainment. It is believed
  that these sadistic pay-per-view channels on Edo more than pay for the operation
  of the processing plant.  
As you read below just remember that each new day the Alice Spring Human
  Processing Plant receives 10,000 new abductees. By the end of that day all
  10,000 must be completely processed, and then a few hours later the process
  starts all over again for another 24-hours.  
-------------------------------  
The early part of this massive human slaughter process revolves around selection
  and grouping. After those five percent of abductees who are going to be teleported
  alive to Edo have been selected out, the remaining overwhelming majority of
  the days fresh abductees are placed on conveyor belts were they seem to disappear
  from the receiving hall into the bowels of the massive processing plant. From
  those initial conveyor belts the selection process for the condemned begins.
  Of these condemned men and women, none will be alive in 24 hours. True, some
  will live several hours longer than others, but all are in their final day.  
As I explained in a prior report, guards with bayonets line the conveyor
  belts every 20 feet or so, making sure that everyone complies. There are no
  second chances here. Anyone who disobeys is bayoneted in front of the others
  as they move down the conveyor line. It is one powerful example.  
The first instruction given to abductees as they leave the receiving hall
  on the conveyor belts is for them to raise their hands over their head, with
  their fingers pointed to the ceiling. At this point specially trained selectors
  begin separating the males from females, placing the two sexes on separate
  conveyor lines. The selector simply pushes a remote-control and the track under
  the condemned's feet shifts, sending males in one direction and females another.  
I'll first describe male processing, and then go on to explain what happens
  to the females.  
Once separated from the females, the abductees on the now all-male conveyor
  line are first stripped completely from head to toe.  
Still under bayonet guard, the males are not allowed to put their arms down
  at all during the stripping process. To do so would earn an instant bayoneting.
  Although the processing plant is super high-tech, employees known as "Processors" do
  much of the stripping manually. High-speed, high-powered electric cutters and
  clippers, which can cut through leather belts and even shoe leather, are available
  if needed, but most men and boys simply have their pants unzipped and their
  trousers and underwear pulled down by hand.  
As the men and boys stand in a seemingly endless line on the conveyor belt,
  both male and female employees first begin the stripping process by simply
  untying and removing shoes, followed by manually unbuckling all belts and pulling
  them off of trousers. An employee standing on a lowered platform (so her arms
  are level with the condemned man's waist), simply unhooks and unzips the pants,
  while another employee behind her pulls them down. They pull down his underwear
  next. Other processors rip open shirts or cut off sweaters. One at a time feet
  are manually stepped out of pants and underwear, and then socks are stripped
  off. After a quick visual check for jewelry the stripping of condemned is complete.
  Gay male employees tell me it's quite a sight; a long line of several-hundred
  completely naked men and teenage boys standing with their arms surrendering.  
Occasionally there's some rebellion in the men's line at this point, and
  once again, these rebels are bayoneted immediately. But at this point in the
  process, most of the condemned males have witnessed a bayoneting or at least
  seen a very graphic actual depiction of one on one of the many video monitors
  along the line. It is very intimidating in watch and, having seen it, most
  stand in compliance. Remember, a this point in the process, no one knows what's
  going to happen to them; they only know they've been abducted.  
Once all the boys and men on the main conveyor line are completely stripped
  naked, a selection process begins, branching the occupants of the main trunk
  line into separate divisions. All males who appear to be under 20 years old
  are placed on their own separate conveyor line, thus separating teenage boys
  into their own group. The remaining males are then split into three age groups,
  with men over 45 being placed in one line and men under 30 in another. Each
  of the four above mentioned age group lines is then split again into two lines;
  one containing normal, average, or athletic build males, and another containing
  overweight, obese, or grossly out of shape males. At this point in the selection
  process there are eight male lines. One final division of each of the conveyor
  lines is made as each of the eight lines is again split into two, separating
  the circumcised and uncircumcised males of each group into their own processing
  line. Once each male has been definitively selected for one of the final sixteen "moving
  sidewalks", the physical processing can begin.  
The first stage of physical processing begins with hair removal. By here
  cannot get into the slaughtering and meatpacking process, and the first step
  is to remove all body hair below the neck. This step is handled differently
  for the different branch lines of the moving sidewalks. Some of the fat and
  out of shape males are simply told to place their hands behind their backs
  while technicians handcuffed them and place a lifting harness through their
  under arms. This lifting harness dips them up to their neck for 17 seconds
  in a vat of hair remover. When they come out they are as smooth as the day
  they were born. Actually, the dipping process is used for hair removal on more
  than 60% of the males processed. Because it sells better on the Edwardian pay-per-view,
  many of the males, especially young teenagers or athletically built adult males
  are shaved by hand with the razor. This old-fashioned type of shaving is preceded
  by electrical clippers which remove the longer body hair is first. Overall,
  males and females considered, the shaving pay-per-view channels rank as the
  third or fourth most popular pay-per-view channels on Edo. People have strange
  fetishes, don't they?  
Those who are not going to be tank-dipped for hair removal are placed on
  a moving sideway lined with moving medical procedure tables which look very
  similar to old-fashioned childbirth delivery tables. They're known in the medical
  realm as "full lithotomy" tables, referring to the patient position used in
  the 1950's to deliver babies; a surgery position still used today for "legs
  way up and spread" gynecological and urological surgical procedures such as
  transvaginal hysterectomy and prostatectomy.  
The tables allow the patient's butt and crotch area to hang over the edge
  of the table as his thighs are spread wide open a full 90 degrees, while lifted
  upward 45 degrees. The calves are placed into separate stirrup troughs which
  angle even more upward. Both the upper and lower leg is strapped down into
  its assigned metal stirrup. The table is identical to the one used in the female
  processing line.  
In this lithotomy position the males are trimmed of pubic hair using electric
  clippers, followed by a full manual shaving of the pubes including ball and
  anal hair. Most young males are left strapped into these stirrups after the
  initial prep is complete, as they will likely undergo further processing in
  the &quot;childbirth&quot; position.  
The processing of healthy, athletic teenage boys, both circumcised and uncircumcised,
  is always being shown on Edwardian pay-per-view video, and these channels are
  among the top pay-per-view sellers on Edo. These boys, without anesthesia,
  undergo circumcisions and castrations before they are finally slaughtered for
  meat.  
Teenage castration and circumcision channels are very popular among Edwardian
  gay men, teenage Edwardian girls, and middle-aged Edwardian women.  
Proper, clinically-correct circumcisions (sans anesthesia) are performed
  on fully-awake uncircumcised teens as they lay strapped-down in the delivery
  room type stirrups. Both female and male technicians perform the procedure.  
Males who arrive at the processing Center already circumcised receive the
  castrations, which are performed by both female and male butchers as the condemned
  boys hang spread-eagle and naked on an X cross. All castrations begin with
  the teen's balls being carefully removed from his ball-sack as he lay spread
  on the delivery table, followed by the slicing off of his cock.  
--------------------------------  
Processing on the female conveyor lines is of course somewhat different from
  that of the male processing lines. As with the males, the first step for females
  is a total and complete stripping of their bodies as they stand obediently
  with her arms above their heads. While generally more compliant than men, issues
  such as menstruation, jewelry, and a wider variation in clothing, make the
  stripping process more challenging with females.  
As with men, shoes are also the first item removed from females. This is
  followed by a careful removal of all jewelry, including the smallest pierced
  earrings, thin necklaces, ankle bracelets and rings.  
After shoes and jewelry have been removed, the female conveyor belt automatically
  turns each woman so she is facing the side of the line, where the focus is
  now at the waist. Belts are unbuckled and taken off. Skirts and slacks are
  unbuttoned, unzipped, and dropped down. So are slacks, but tight blue jeans
  are often cut off by running an electric scissors through the waistband and
  straight on down the pant leg.  
Blouses are then ripped open in the front, with buttons flying everywhere.
  Sweaters are pulled straight up overhead, but sometimes need to be clipped
  off just like the blue jeans.  
As with the men, there can be some resistance at this point in the process.
  Compliance with females is best achieved by showing very brief videos to the
  condemned at video stations placed along the way. These simply show defiant
  condemned women being bayoneted.  
Having been stripped of their upper and lower outer garments, employees then
  pull down hose and panties while other employees unhook bras by hand or use
  electric scissors to clip bra straps from behind, allowing the bra cups to
  be removed from the front.  
Once the abductees are stripped naked, the conveyor automatically spreads
  the legs open slightly and the females are checked for menstruation. Any female
  having a menstrual flow is automatically moved to a separate processing line.
  All menstruating abductees are processed together as one group. The remaining
  non-menstruating girls and women then begin undergoing the further subdivision
  of their line into specific categories.  
Like the males, age is the first separating factor. All young, sexually developing
  females and teenage girls are placed on their own moving sidewalk. Girls age
  20 to 30 are placed on another. Women 30 through 40 also get their own line,
  as do women 40 through age 50. All females 51 and over go to the &quot;Granny&quot; line.
  Generally speaking, no one over 62 or so is ever abducted. Believe it or not,
  the &quot;Granny&quot; processing line has a very loyal &quot;niche&quot; following
  on Edwardian pay-per-view.  
Each of the above "age grouped" lines is then subdivided into four addition
  separate categories. As the now completely naked females roll along on their
  own age-appropriate moving sidewalk with their arms still above their heads, "grading" technicians
  move among them, marking their upper chests with a skin marking pen. A large "1" denotes
  a small or petite frame, a "2" is for females of normal weight and height,
  a "3" indicates the condemned is moderately overweight, and "4" labels a female
  as obese. At this point, each "age" line is again subdivided into the four
  above mentioned body size lines. At this point in the selection process, there
  are now 20 lines, plus the one menstrual line.  
Once each female has been placed on a moving sidewalk specially classified
  for both her age and weight, one final division remains for each line. Each
  of the 20 lines is now divided in two; one for C-cup tits and smaller, and
  one for D-cup and larger.  
Once the condemned women have been broken down into one of the 41 female
  processing lines, they begin the first stage of physical processing, known
  as cleaning prep.  
I will now give you an example of the processing steps taken in the preparation
  and slaughter of a typical 33-year-old, somewhat heavyset female, with D-cup
  breasts:  
This female, once stripped completely naked, would then be sent on for full
  meat processing, beginning with her total body shaving. She would enter the
  shaving area naked with her arms above her head, but would not be restrained
  at this point. Moving on the sidewalk facing sideways, she would not see much
  of the long line of females in front of her also being processed.  
As she moved along the conveyor-like sidewalk, a separate line of conveyors
  would begin moving up behind her, running parallel to her sidewalk. About every
  ten feet apart on this new conveyor there would be what she would recognize,
  if she had ever given birth, as an obstetrical type of delivery room table
  with full leg stirrups positioned high and wide in a wing-like fashion. Multiple
  restrained straps would dangle from each leg trough of the stirrups.  
The condemned woman is grabbed by her upraised arms from behind and pulled
  by several guards a few steps backwards to the prep table where she is laid
  down on her back. A seat-belt-like device is quickly fastened across her lower
  chest, just below her breasts. Her wrists are handcuffed straight-up over her
  head, and her arms are strapped-down securely. Guards spread and positioned
  her legs into the stirrup troughs, and four restraints straps are strapped
  down the length of each leg. She is positioned so that her vulva is completely
  off the end of the table, and the stirrups are positioned so that her pussy
  is completely splayed open and the bottoms of her feet face out to the sides
  and slightly upward.  
A male or female technician then fully trims down her pubic bush with an
  electric trimmer, after which she is lathered up between her legs and her pussy
  and asshole are completely clean-shaven. She is then given a hose-out with
  a high-pressure enema device, after which her entire body goes through a "car
  wash" followed by blow-drying. She is still strapped down.  
At this point, some women, but not all, are selected to undergo circumcision
  of the clitoral hood without anesthesia. If so, her procedure may be broadcast
  live on Edwardian pay-per-view television. If she has been assigned to undergo
  circumcision she will be moved to a special area for that procedure, and she
  will be left strapped in the stirrups until the surgery is complete.  
Because she has D-cup or larger breasts, the abductee's boobs will be bound
  tight with a clamp-like device and cut off just before she is slaughtered.
  To prepare her for the breast guillotine, follow by the immediate live gutting
  of her visceral cavity, the abductee is unstrapped from the stirrup table and
  re-strapped standing in a somewhat modified crucifixion position.  
She will appear to hang on across, with her arms outstretched to each side.
  Four straps will securely bind each of her arms to a horizontal wooden beam.
  Below that beam her legs will be strapped in a slightly spread open positioned.  
Technicians will place a special cord-like clamp around the base of each
  breast and pull it tight, cutting off blood flow to the tits. As pay-per-view
  video cameras roll a special guillotine will cut off each boob one at a time.  
The condemned will then be gutted alive by an incision which will run from
  her neck to her pussy. She will be opened up and flushed out, after which her
  head, hands and feet will all be cut off with a laser. Her torso will be flash
  frozen and within 90 minutes be teleported with hundreds of others to Edo.  
Once restrained, all women are told of the procedure they are about to receive
  before they receive it. If she is going to be circumcised, or if her breasts
  are going to be amputated, she will know that it is coming. Each procedure
  is quickly but specifically defined to the condemned before they receive it.
  This is true for both men and women abductees. All are even told the details
  of the final gutting process which will slaughter them.  
To get the total picture you must understand that, when processing 10,000
  live humans today, any one category may be processing a number of abductees
  the same time. The above described condemned category, that being a somewhat
  heavyset female with large, pendulous breasts, would probably be being processed
  with at least five other similarly categorized abducted females at that same
  time.  
As many as 200 of any single category might be processed in any one given
  day. Generally speaking, there are usually about 5000 males and 5000 females
  processed each day. Based on the random population demographics, on any given
  day half of the abducted humans would be under age 30, with the other half
  of those adducted being over age 30, depending on the demographics of the country
  they were abducted from. Developing countries have younger populations. Developed
  Western type countries tend to have older populations, with some Western nations
  having 50% of their population over age 40 or even 45. When a day's abduction
  is from a highly developed country such as America, Germany, or Japan, there
  will be a greater percentage of older people adducted. Because women tend to
  live longer than man, when towns in these countries are abducted, there tend
  to be more older females in the abducted group.  
On a typical day where a town in North America or central Europe has been
  abducted, there will be a larger line of females over age 50.  
A typical 60-year-old female will initially be processed similar to other
  females, but the processing will change as this new meat goes down the line.
  Generally speaking females over 60 or not broken down by weight are breasts
  size. These older females would be separated out early, stripped and completely
  shaved including their head, and then placed on special tables for slaughter.
  Older meat does not hang well on the crucifixion device.  
Nor are these older female meets circumcised or have their breasts harvested
  before their killed. These females, once stripped in shaved, are placed on
  their backs and strapped down spread eagle onto stainless steel tables. Beginning
  at the slit of their shaved pussy a laser knife simply slices them from their
  crack up through their chest, and in the table automatically inverts so they
  can be easily gutted and their cavity washed out.  
A popular pay-per-view channel on Edo is one which depicts the complete processing
  and slaughter of middle-aged females who fall into the moderately overweight
  and obese category. Under the glare of television lights, the plus-size, mature
  bodies of human businesswomen, teachers, and professionals are stripped, shaved,
  circumcised, and gutted to the delight of Edwardian audiences.  
As a final note, I should point out that, while women with C-cup or smaller
  breasts do not have their breasts were removed, before their gutted they do
  undergo another humiliating process. Their legs are strapped open on the cross
  somewhat wider, and a laser knife is used to excise their full vulva, including
  their entire external female genitalia. This process is performed just before
  the women are completely gutted, and it is the second-highest rated pay-per-view
  channel on Edo. All breasts, pussies, cocks, and young balls are flash frozen
  and shipped to Edo, where they are a prized specialty food item.  
Continued in Chapter Seven   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Crokett


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





