BDSM Library - Midnight-Pearl




Midnight-Pearl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: At eighteen, Emma would be faced with choices, two apparent and another less obvious. The two apparent choices were college life followed by work in office or laboratory; or a career as a glamour model. The former was worthy but dull; the latter lucrative, but considered by Emma to be demeaning. Unknown to her however, there was a third "choice" for which Emma was being carefully rounded up: a future of severe restraint and fearsome discipline; but a future of wonderful fulfilment.'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Introduction   
'Midnight-Pearl' is the true story of Emma Jones told by Emma herself.  
Emma, a mixed race Jamaican-Welsh girl, had found subconscious racism a keystone
  of her secondary education. The only expectation from Afro-Caribbean girls
  at her original senior school was athleticism. In this Emma had not disappointed,
  being the inter-school long-distance running champion for several years in
  succession.  
But Emma also had brains and beauty, and was determined she would use them
  both to advance herself. Excelling in mathematics and the sciences, she had
  signed on to study chemistry and applied mathematics post school at the University
  of ***** in England. Excelling in facial and physical charms, Emma could easily
  have become a model.  
At eighteen, Emma would be faced with "choices&quot;, two apparent and another
  less obvious. The two apparent choices were college life followed by the constraining
  world of work in office or laboratory; or a career as a glamour model. The
  former was worthy but dull; the latter lucrative, but considered by Emma to
  be demeaning.  
Nonetheless, it was toward the second choice that Emma was leaning, when
  a third "choice" suddenly became Emma's destiny, and to turn out in fact to
  be no choice at all for her.  
For a long time, at first innocently unrealised by her, it was this third
  future for which Emma was being carefully rounded up: a future of severe restraint
  and fearsome discipline; but a future of wonderful fulfilment.  
Emma begins her story, with her first arrival at college, aged eighteen,
  and her first meeting with Alena, "Prof", the older woman who would change
  Emma's life in wholly unexpected ways.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 1 &ndash; The Undergraduate   
"Okay, light brown half-cast white and negress, five-feet-eight-inches tall,
  120 pounds, thirty-eight double-D-cup tits, twenty-three around the waist,
  and thirty-eight around my bum. And, yes, you can believe that my nipples as
  well as my tits are really and truly that big. Two-inch diameter brown-pink
  aureole, since you're asking. And, no, I have never had enhancement of any
  sort at any time. All you see is beautiful bountiful me: me strictly only as
  nature generously made me. Nor would you run a mile from my mile-long legs,
  because my stupendous legs can run a mile faster than yours can. And, anyway,
  you would want me to catch you wouldn't you?!"  
Strangely, most of the compliments in the emails to my website had been about
  my high cheekboned face, my seductive mouth with its full negress' lips and
  shy smile, my short shorn curly brown hair, my intelligent sparkling dark-brown
  eyes, or even my pretty little ears. "Prof", as I still call her, had added
  the heading quoted above to my Frequently Asked Questions ("FAQ") page. She
  wanted to spice the site up, she said. What she wrote was no more and no less
  than the truth. It worked too. Starting from my amateur website I was, in time,
  to be talent spotted and become the very highly paid glamour model I am now.
  But there was an intervening life-changing destiny I was to endure, and it
  is that that is my story.  
"Prof" was Alena ******. She was to be my tutor-counsellor from the day I
  started university aged eighteen, till my bachelor degree graduation, aged
  twenty-one. By the time I was twenty-one, I would therefore have been under
  Prof's care for three years. By the time I was twenty-one, I had also been
  under Prof for three years in another way. Alena and I had been lovers of a
  sort almost from the very outset of my college life.  
For both Alena and I, it had been love at first sight. But what a first sight
  I must have been for Alena. It had been "freshers' week". The "getting-to-know-you" week
  when the new students assemble at English universities to settle into their
  accommodation, find their way around campus, meet their tutors for the first
  rime, and say hello to their fellow new students.  
No productive work was expected from the students during freshers' week,
  which was just as well. Most of the students were away from the restraining
  control of their family homes for the first time in their young lives. Dedicated
  drinking was expected, and that expectation not disappointed.  
When Alena first came across me I had indulged in a lot of drink with my
  new found pals around the local town. It was three in the morning. I was staggering
  back alone to my room when I bumped into Alena. Alena, a professor at twenty-eight,
  was not so long from having been an undergraduate student herself as to have
  forgotten the joys of getting rolling drunk for the very first time.  
For me this older tall slim ice-cool blonde English white girl, whom I was
  yet to meet formally and be introduced to as my personal tutor, looked knock-dead
  gorgeous, even in the sodium-yellow lights that dimmed the walkways of the
  college campus at three in the morning. I took one look at her and I entirely
  purposely, entirely literally, fell entirely into her arms.  
Alena swears to this day that I greeted her with a very slurred, "Hello gorgeous",
  with breath that reeked of beer and whisky a plenty, and then kissed her, totally
  uninhibitedly, full on the mouth.  
Both you and I will have to take Alena's word for that. I was so drunk that
  night I can recall as much about it now as I could the morning immediately
  after: absolutely nothing.  
What I do recall for certain though, was that the morning after, I awoke
  for the first time, around 10.00, in a strange bed, and with the swinging rear
  view of a very pretty older blonde white girl preparing black coffee beyond
  the open kitchen door of what must be her apartment.  
"You were talking in your sleep all night", called this girl whose name I
  did not yet know to be Alena.  
"I've always found the musical lilt of the Welsh accent incredibly lovely.
  What part of Wales are you from?"  
I made no answer, but as Alena came back into her bed-sitting room, I suddenly
  leapt out of Alena's bed with one hand cupped over my mouth the other clutching
  my lower belly, and a querulous look in my panicked eyes.  
"Through there!" Alena laughed, as she pointed, and I ran into her bathroom
  to be vomit heartily, crouched over her lavatory bowl, thereby paying that
  morning the price for my over-indulgence in alcohol since the morning of the
  previous day.  
The first phrase I actually recall saying to Alena is: "Please may I have
  a glass of water?"  
I felt decidedly the worse for wear. So ill did I feel, that any marching
  tambourine tapping temperance tempter would have recruited me for the rest
  of my natural life had one been passing through Alena's bed-sitting-room at
  the time.  
The phrase "the evil of drink" did not, for me at that moment, need to be
  preceded by "beware". It was too late to warn me. I had succumbed and how.
  And how I regretted it too. My head was fuzzy, my eyelids heavy, I was sure
  my eyes must be badly bloodshot, and my tongue felt like Velcro.  
"You'd better drink lots of water, Emma. It is 'Emma' isn't it? You're dehydrated
  I wouldn't be surprised", Alena commented and enquired in the friendliest of "one-girl-to-another" tones.  
It was only then that I realised I was standing in what must be this young
  woman's apartment, because it was definitely not my student dormitory, in a
  state of total, but total nudity.  
Alena laughed again. "I'm sorry Emma, it was the look on your face. I had
  to undress you, you were in no fit state. You'd puked all down your top and
  jeans. I threw all your clothes, and the sheets you made a mess of when you
  were sick again later, in the washing machine. If it wasn't for the reward
  of the look on your face just then, I'd give you my bill for room service!"  
"You might as well take a shower while you're dressed for it!" Alena joked
  with another attractive smiling laugh. "Fresh towels coming up for her ladyship
  right now!"  
Despite my post-alcohol haze and hangover, the smile and the laugh of this
  lovely girl, what would she be, twenty-eight perhaps, set me smiling too, and
  I joined in the joke, by dropping her an exaggerated curtsy, after I had caught
  a huge soft warm bath towel she had thrown me.  
Moments later, in Alena's bathroom, I soon had the powerful flow of hot water
  pummelling fresh vigour into my gorgeous soft light-brown skin.  
If the world of good was ever done by the shower in the clich&eacute;, that
  shower did me the world of good. I hoped Alena would not mind if I "borrowed" some
  of her shampoo, and I gave my body the head-to-foot recharge that only hot
  water in strong jets at high speed can bring.  
The shower cured the worst of my hangover. It was now climbing toward eleven
  in the morning, and I was just beginning to arrive at the freshness claimed
  for daisies, or do I mean dew, in an earlier part of the day.  
Having read this far, you may express surprise that I would throw myself
  into the arms of another girl in the way I had on my first night at university.  
To be perfectly honest, on that next morning, so was I surprised. My drunkenness
  must have loosened more than inhibitions. I certainly had no cause to believe
  that I was a girl for girls. I must have been so drunk that I had mistaken
  identity. I would have just as eagerly thrown my arms around and passionately
  kissed a boy wouldn't I?  
I patted myself dry with Alena's wonderfully huge soft bath towel, and then
  wrapped my lower half in another drier smaller towel Rather than walk back
  into Alena's bedroom, bare chested, I wished I could also find something to
  cover my naked breasts. In the end, I resorted to putting her bath towel around
  my neck so that it hung over my more than ample bosom.  
I opened the bathroom door shyly. A voice called from the kitchen, "I've
  put your laundered clothes on the chair beside the bed. They may still be a
  bit damp. Sorry they're not pressed, I'm lousy at ironing. &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;Come
  through here when you're ready&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; Can you face breakfast?
  Even if you can't, I've lots of fresh orange juice here and that'll do you
  the world of good".  
As I dressed in panties, bra, my jeans and t-shirt and the cowboy boots I
  had worn the night before, smelling and hearing bacon on Alena's grill, I called
  out: "No. No thank you. No breakfast. I don't eat meat."  
My laundered clothing smelt wonderfully fresh and, yes, they were a little
  damp.  
"I know" called Alena again. "About the meat. Might have been something you
  said in your sleep see. If it was, it was one of the few intelligible things
  you said. Better than all-night TV you were though. Better for a complete insomniac
  like me."  
I began to wonder what else I might have revealed in my sleep, and exactly
  where Alena had been in relation to me whilst I had slept in her bed.  
Her voice, loving and pretty at the same time, became softer in the instant,
  as I soft-wiggle-glided into her kitchen.  
"Well" she said, smiling at me, "You look spick and span but for the creases
  in the t-shirt, I'm&hellip;.."  
"&hellip;..Useless at ironing", I gently echoed from her earlier calling
  out to me, and we both laughed.  
"Fresh orange juice: real oranges, or so it claims on the label", she prompted,
  pointing toward an opened carton, "Sit yourself down Emma, and make yourself
  at home"  
"You said I said I was 'Emma' in my sleep, right?" I enquired, between sips
  of pleasingly sharply pallet-zinging orange juice.  
"There's grapefruit if you prefer&hellip;.", Alena answered to the look on
  my face.  
"The orange is fantastic", I said, "I really am grateful&hellip;.."  
"You kept sleep-talking in a voice imitating someone telling someone else
  off, 'Emma this', and 'Emma that', so I guessed your name or someone you knew
  must be Emma."  
"Bronwyn Emma Jones" I said, "But I prefer the Emma, and I don't know&hellip;&hellip;"  
"Alena" answered Alena. "If you want the whole lot, I'm Professor Alena *****.
  But I can't get used to the 'professor' bit. It's so stuffy. Please call me
  Alena, or 'Prof' if you prefer. One of last year's failing students started
  calling me 'Prof' behind my back. I rather like it though."  
"And, I know a lot about you, not just because you're a chatterbox when you're
  sleeping, but because I have a file on you. In fact I have a file on fifty
  of you and your fellow newcomers, because I'm your counsellor: the tutor appointed
  to be your guide and helper throughout your university career. You're one of
  only three Afro-Caribbean girls on my list. Sorry to mention that. Don't get
  me wrong. But that picture on that file obviously had to be you now I've seen
  you in the flesh, if you'll pardon the expression! That's why I could be pretty
  sure you must be 'Bronwyn', or rather, 'Emma' see? Actually, did you know that
  your picture is even prettier than you are for real!?" she said in a tone meant
  to convey a compliment through the silly joke.  
I loved the compliment, and felt a hot blush as I smiled at this delightful
  older girl.  
Even with the quick glance to find if there was truth in her eyes when she
  indirectly told me I was pretty, my eyes snapped an agreeable mental photograph
  of this lovely blonde girl with middle parted hair swept back over her shoulders,
  hair that looked lovely, but not as if she often saw a professional hairdresser.
  Her ice-cool heart shaped intelligently pretty face, with blue-green eyes,
  petite nose, small chin, and pretty little mouth, were a delight to look at.
  What was she, five ten tall, but shapely. She could almost be a model if she
  were to take more time and trouble with her appearance.  
"Whereabouts in Wales are you from Emma?"  
We then got into a long conversation about me, and I told "Prof" about my
  never knowing my parents, and the orphanage, and foster parents because I had
  no living relatives, and my luck that someone spotted I had brains, and how
  I had been granted a bursary to fund my final secondary education through a
  private school with a very high academic reputation, and my sporting prowess,
  particularly where running long distance was concerned, and that, like all
  Welsh girls, I could sing, and had always taken the solo parts at school choir
  festivals.  
"Your Welsh lilt is adorable" Alena smiled.  
"Your dad was English and your mum from Wales?"  
"I know what you want to know", I smiled, "They all do. 'Why are you coffee
  coloured then?' is one of the nicer ones they ask. It missed a generation.
  Grandda came from Jamaica. Grandda was a sailor on merchant ships, till he
  settled on shore in Cardiff."  
There was a pause in the conversation. Then, for no apparent reason Alena
  said, "Nothing happened you know".  
She was spot on target with that comment. It was exactly what I had wanted
  to hear. I wanted to hear it, but I would never have asked, and I was upset
  for the embarrassment for poor Alena in her having to tell me, though it was
  very honourable of her to do so.  
"It's difficult to say that I'm going to be straight with you Emma, when
  the truth is that I am gay", said Alena, attempting another bad joke.  
"I would hate for there to be gossip about you, but you had better beware
  Emma. I know some people do not like gay people. I do not want to give you
  a bad name. For the record, you slept alone in the bed, and I kept an eye on
  you from the chair. I don't sleep much, so it was no hardship. And someone
  who has drunk as much as you had, silly girl, needs an eye kept on them in
  case they choke. It's not nice to say, but some drunks lying asleep on their
  backs, choke to death on their own vomit&hellip;&hellip;."  
"Erhgh!! Thank you very, very, much for telling me that Alena!" I joked in
  order to make the tone of our chat lighter again.  
"How about a very pretty girl like you then Emma: lots of boyfriends?" Alena
  asked almost as if she was resigned to the inevitable "yes".  
"No, not that many&hellip;&hellip;.. Well&hellip;.. none really", I answered, "But
  I'm not&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;."  
Alena just smiled, "And I should hope not!" she joked.  
"More orange juice, or hows about a coffee".  
"Only decaffeinated for me", I answered.  
"One decaffeinated coffee coming up for madam!", Alena announced.  
I helped Alena with the washing of the breakfast ware, and found where she
  kept her crockery and utensils.  
"I'd better get back to my room" I said, "I've not even unpacked yet".  
"Are you sure you can find your way in broad daylight?" Alena ribbed me.  
"Yes thank you very much!" I responded with mock indignity.  
"I'd better go then", I added.  
Then we both spoke at one and the same time, "I&hellip;.", we both began
  and then both abruptly halted in confusion.  
"You go first Prof" I mock instructed, with a new found confidence in the
  friendship I unconsciously knew I was striking up with this girl.  
Alena suddenly looked a little serious. "Emma, I had better tell you right
  now, that I did look over your face and your body".  
I hung my head blushing. I was not sure that I wanted to hear this, and began
  to leave Alena's apartment in the hope of quitting it before Alena embarrassed
  herself, let alone me.  
"I was searching all over your face and body for the label", Alena ventured,
  in a voice that told of an overwhelming desire not to upset me, but to get
  out what she wanted to say before I was escaped and her chance might be lost
  forever.  
I confess that I was intrigued, puzzled even, and I turned toward her. I
  did not want to hurt this gorgeous girl by anything I said or did either. I
  had caught the tone in her voice, the tone that told of fear of rejection.  
"'Label'?" I asked as gently as I possibly could, "What do you mean 'label'?"  
"The label that would say 'made in heaven'!" Alena answered.  
"Thank you" I whispered, avoiding Alena's eyes, and closing her door quietly  
I then dawdled to my dormitory, pleasantly mystified and yet also very happily
  flattered by the compliment and, above all, surprised at the damp patch in
  the gusset of my panties.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
Back in my appointed rooms, I must have spent as long as maybe two-minutes
  unpacking one of the many boxes I had brought to the university from my school
  dormitory, before I found myself wandering back to Alena's apartment, strangely
  hoping and praying to find her still there.  
I knocked on her door.  
"Come in whoever you are!" Alena called.  
"Oh, it's you Emma", she smiled, as I entered, "&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.I
  haven't come across anything you might have forgotten&hellip;.."  
All the way on my way back over to Alena's, I had planned what I was going
  to say to her. It included thanking her for the compliment, how I was not gay,
  but that I was not sorry that I had kissed her, if I had indeed kissed her,
  and how nice, no, how pretty she was too.  
Perhaps a girl who talks in her sleep is also prone to having her sub-conscious
  mind take over her tongue, for I can never forget nor can I ever explain why
  I said what came straight out of me next, as I looked Alena in her lovely blue-green
  eyes:  
"I'm still a virgin" I said.  
Alena, caught my note of seriousness and obviously sensed my arousal and
  my confusion that I was finding myself so passionately attracted to another
  girl.  
"That makes you even more beautiful Emma. And believe me you are exquisitely
  beautiful", Alena coaxed.  
"I've never ever done anything with anybody, see&hellip;" I stumbled on.  
I could not believe what I was coming out with. But I had gone this far,
  and my subconscious seemed to be in charge of me:  
"Would you like to be the first to take me to bed?", I asked shyly but surprisingly
  boldly.  
"Well, I would have to think about that for all of less than one-billionth
  of a second", Alena joked.  
Strange things were happening to my nipples and inside my panties as I spoke
  to this girl in this completely open and submissive way. I somehow felt a desire
  to surrender myself, almost to demean myself, the more I gave myself to her,
  the more aroused, sexually aroused, I seemed to become.  
The look on Alena's face told me that she knew what I was experiencing and,
  furthermore, that she knew why and yet furthermore that she sensed a special
  conquest was at the end of her metaphorical fishing line.  
"&hellip;..It is just that, some girls Emma&hellip;.", she began, and then
  halted, as if her mouth was giving voice to thoughts that had shot through
  her brain too quickly and thus become disordered, or that needed couching in
  a less direct way&hellip;.  
"How can I put this&hellip;&hellip;.." she continued&hellip;..  
I hung my head assuming Alena was trying to find the kindest way to turn
  me down flat, and also though, and oh so strangely, feeling yet greater arousal,
  almost enjoyment, no, definite enjoyment at the anticipation of being turned
  down.  
I had asked if Alena wanted to take me to bed, because I had wanted to surrender
  to this older girl. Yet, strangely, and completely perversely, I was now feeling
  as if I wanted her to turn me down, to reject me, even to eject me from her
  apartment.  
This was not because I had changed my mind in the conventional sense. I had
  not suddenly realised what I had just said, and become overwhelmed by desire
  to withdraw it. I was not even hoping for Alena to say "no" to save me having
  to say I was sorry and had been stupid, or that I had not meant to say what
  I had said.  
I had said what I meant to say: my subconscious desire had spoken truth from
  my gorgeous lips. Yet, though it seems idiotic in the extreme, I wanted to
  be turned down by Alena, because it would hurt me. The certainty I had at that
  moment that Alena would laugh at me and mock me and send me away dismissively,
  was turning me on even more.  
These were new feelings to me. This girl not only attracted me to her in
  the way that I thought I should really only be attracted to boys, but I also,
  though it did not have acceptance at the forefront of my mind as of then, found
  that I wanted her to take charge over me.  
I was only too aware of my feelings as I lightly bit my lower lip, and strained
  not to let go a little fart indicative of girly sexual arousal, when out of
  the blue, Alena shocked me with:  
"Do you agree that naughty girls should be spanked Emma?"  
"No!!" I gasped with astonishment, looking up at her suddenly and seeing
  her smile and the loving look in her eyes, a look that said she knew exactly
  what I needed, precisely how a beautiful girl like me should have love made
  to her, indeed the only way a truly beautiful girl should ever have love made
  to her.  
Then I felt further love juice seeping into my already soaking girl-wet panties&hellip;.  
"Yes" I sighed with my head submissively down.  
"I sometimes beat pretty girls when they don't do as they are told Emma",
  Alena announced to me in a quiet tone, like a whisper, or as if she did not
  want, or could not afford to be overheard by her neighbours, as would be entirely
  understandable.  
"Girls as lovely as you are, are so overwhelmingly provocatively sexy. You
  light up the world by the delight you bring into dull life. You are heaven
  on earth. You turn heads, transfix eyes, and compel us to look at you in admiration
  and awe, filling us with overwhelming pleasure and desire. The beauty of girls
  like you outweighs that of any other creature or flower, or mountain, or stream,
  or the sky, the sea, the sun, the moon or all the stars in the heavens."  
"Girls like you are life affirming. Just to catch a glimpse of your faces
  makes life worthwhile, and tomorrow a pleasant prospect after all. Given only
  conventional love, you may forget that your duty is to maintain your incredible
  desirability at all times at its absolute peak. You therefore need to have
  the fact that you are beautiful beaten into you."  
"Conventional love will never ever satisfy you. You are, of course, free
  to leave here right now and look for conventional love. Return of your free
  will, and I will introduce you to the particular way that you should lead your
  life. You have a particular destiny Emma. You were born for it, and you have
  lighted upon the beginning of the pathway that will lead you to that destiny."  
I looked up at Alena with total surrender in my eyes, and then cast them
  down again.  
"I will not take you to bed Emma. You must think about what I have told you.
  You don't have to come back here again if you don't want to&hellip;."  
"If you do, Emma, I will expect you to surrender to a very special kind of
  love. Come back here any time you like. I will certainly be hoping and praying
  you will. And Emma, please understand that just because I have said what I
  have just said to you, it does not mean I think any the less of you. You truly
  are an incredibly lovely girl. I mean that. You are truly incredibly lovely.
  It is just that there are two ways that love should be made to a girl as facially,
  physically and mentally as beautiful as you are: the tepid and the strong.
  You, Emma, need strong love. You deserve strong love."  
My mind and my body were transfixed by this pronouncement. "Dirty talk" some
  would call it. I had my choices given me and I would think about them. I would
  in fact think about nothing else all day.  
Alena and I went on to talk about clothes and shopping and where best to
  go for my hair. Despite the seeming evidence of her not taking overmuch care
  with her own appearance, Alena had recommendations for all my beauty needs
  and definite views as to which emporia it was the best for me to use.  
Although she recommended the university gymnasium, she pointed out how crowded
  it was likely to get, and invited me to go swimming at a privately owned pool
  in the home of a very wealthy local woman.  
"There is also a running track there Emma. It is very important that you
  build up your strength and stamina," Alena told me. Alena told me this, but
  I had no idea why it was supposed to be so important I have strength and stamina,
  in my running.  
"A minimum of three miles every day" Alena almost instructed, "and you must
  be doing at least five-mile runs at weekends, both days. Best to do five each
  weekend day, so you can do four thereafter with ease" she concluded.  
I looked at her quizzically. I would willing do the running she sought. I
  loved to run and was already well capable of greater distances.  
"You have divinely beautiful legs Emma" Alena said in answer to the query
  on my face, and as if it explained everything.  
After this, the strangest interview in my life, I returned to my own rooms.
  Once there, and with my door locked, I slipped out of my tight jeans and pulled
  my soaking wet panties down my glorious legs, scenting as I did so, the overwhelming
  aroma of my love musk.  
I was a young girl with an adventurous spirit and powerful curiosity. Whatever
  it had been that Alena had been talking about I would go along with it, at
  least some of the way. What other evidence did I need that my desire was aflame
  from the talk Alena had given me, than the fact that I was forced, on my return
  to my own rooms, to change my girl-juice saturated panties?  
The sign to Alena that I would comply with her wishes for me, would be my
  return to her rooms.  
To hell with unpacking, I thought. I needed to think and in order to think
  I needed to run. Somewhere in this pile of suitcases and boxes were my trainers
  and running shorts. I came across the trainers, and some summer shorts, rather
  than the ones I sought. They would have to do. I put on my training bra, an
  absolute necessity for a fulsomely-breasted girl like me, and jogged out into
  the early October sun, my mind in a whirl of confusion and mixed messages and
  possibly misunderstood apparent understandings.  
Outside, I did some on-the-spot chest bouncing jogging in order to warm my
  muscles up, and then took a gentle trot around the university grounds. It would
  be a means for me to learn my way around, and the wolf-whistles from the girls
  repairing a roof over what I realised was the gymnasium, were very pleasing.  
By my return, after jogging gently for an hour, I had made up my mind.  
I showered and got stuck into my unpacking with a purposeful will.  
Having unpacked and distributed my belongings more or less where I would
  have them be, I showered again, and dressed to go over to Alena's.  
I wanted this older girls admiration. I adored her compliments. I would dress,
  as I judged, to please her. I was always a t-shirt and jeans girl. But I had
  a crop-top t-shirt that was "torn-off" so as to leave my flat belly bare, and
  jeans, that constantly threatened to show the tops of my panties. I wanted
  to look as if my body was falling out of its clothing, as if I did not belong
  in clothing. I was in two minds whether to wear a brassiere, but decided I
  could not be so daring as to leave it off. Three-inch heeled booties completed
  my simple outfit. I was ready.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
I was ready. It was 5.00 in the evening I took a deep breath, fixed my money-belt
  at a sloping angle loose on my hips, and glided my delightfully girly-bottom-undulating-way
  to Alena's rooms. Once there, I knocked.  
Once outside Alena's door, I knocked, but there was no response. I suddenly
  felt a return of all the tension I thought my afternoon jog had fully relieved.
  And with that tension, doubt and fear that I was being made a fool of, and
  the question whether I was doing the right thing. What was Alena on about when
  she talked about, what was it she said, a destiny, a fate, and an inevitability
  for me? Had she not said that it was something I had been born for? What on
  earth could she be talking about?  
I could, of course, have walked away right then. I was a free human on the
  verge of starting a course in the sciences and mathematics with reasonable
  expectation of a good degree, according to my very supportive schoolteachers.
  Attending an all-girls school had helped, even if my education in love, where
  boys are concerned, was thus made so narrow as to be non-existent.  
I could, of course, have walked away right then, but instead, I put my back
  against the wall of the corridor outside Alena's rooms, and slowly slid to
  a "resigned-to-waiting" crouch, leaning on my back against the wall, my arms
  outstretched, elbows on my knees, legs in a squat.  
The degree to which I had made up my mind of my own free will, can be judged
  from the fact that I squatted there for at least forty-five minutes, with only
  the sound of the traffic on the main road outside the block in which Alena
  had her apartment, for my entertainment.  
The only human company I had was another tutor I assumed, a woman of around
  forty-five, coming to the neighbouring apartment.  
"Are you alright there sweetheart?" she asked me in the kindest of voices.  
"Yes. Yes thank you", I responded on reflex.  
She had already turned the key in her door. "Oh, a Welsh accent, how lovely.
  Have you signed on for the university choir? They're doing auditions all this
  week for an oratorio at Christmas. &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..Sorry, that's
  a silly assumption about you Welsh always being fantastic singers&hellip;."  
"Yes&hellip;&hellip; Well no actually", I nearly lied. "I do sing. I love
  to sing", I truthfully told her.  
"Would you like to wait in my place, till Alena comes, I'm dying for a coffee
  myself&hellip;&hellip;..Oh there she is now. Lovely talking to you. Hope we'll
  see you at choir practice. There are Welsh boys there too!" she smiled.  
As Alena approached with heavy bags of food shopping I rose slowly to standing.  
Alena then exchanged greeting pleasantries with her neighbour, before turning
  to me.  
"Emma, how nice", was all Alena greeted me with.  
"Take a couple of these bags whilst I get my key, would you please" she commanded,
  gently.  
Alena clearly assumed I had come to take up her offer to be shown a way of
  love that she had already made absolutely clear, unless it were just dirty
  talk, might include my being beaten. And indeed, my curiosity and the compelling
  attraction I had to Alena, had made me come back to see her entirely of my
  own volition.  
"Are you hungry?" she enquired.  
"Yes, just a little" I lied. In fact I felt famished, but was two polite
  to say so.  
"I hoped you would come back, so I went shopping on the off-chance, and I
  also hoped you would stay to eat, so I have set the table", Alena said.  
I glanced at the table, noting in passing that two chairs were there, two
  place mats, but only one of the two place mats had cutlery beside it. Alena
  had been what appeared to be her usual undomesticated self, I assumed, as I
  smiled at the thought of that fairly evident side of her personality, thereby
  further confirmed.  
Alena and I then chatted like old friends, but still with the exploration
  of each other's personalities and backgrounds to the fore in our questioning
  and answers. I made us both coffee, whilst Alena went out of the kitchen into
  her bedsit lounge-dining room, with two plates holding cold meals she must
  have prepared some time earlier and kept fresh in her refrigerator.  
"You would be as well to start your degree&hellip;&hellip;.." Alena began,
  as we chatted, both standing in her kitchen once more. "You are quite clearly
  a very intelligent girl. I think you are bright enough to do the degree in
  perfectly reasonable expectation of high honours: a first at least. But you
  are going to be offered a change of life. You need to be examined on whether
  you are worthy of it of course. Unfortunately, you will be not be able to pursue
  your degree as well as take up the other future we have in mind for you."  
I immediately noticed the "we".  
"'We'?, I enquired.  
"Oh yes said Alena. The universities are a recruiting ground for us. We do
  not want just beauty we want brains. A beautiful girl is just a beautiful girl.
  A beautiful girl with high intellect is outstandingly beautiful. The universities
  are the most obvious repositories in which to find the outstandingly beautiful," announced
  Alena.  
"Have no doubt about it Emma, you are outstandingly beautiful, indeed as
  the good judge you will just have to take my word for it that I am, I would
  say that without a doubt you are outstanding even among the outstandingly beautiful.
  Your face is astonishingly lovely and your physique naturally superb, your
  bright intellect self-evident". Alena spoke this to my deep blushes entirely
  matter-of-factly.  
"At eighteen, though I see from your file in a couple of months you'll be
  eighteen, you are still a girl growing into the full bloom of womanhood Emma.
  We must work on your strength and stamina, to build you up, whilst not in any
  way making you unfeminine. If there is a god, she undoubtedly made you, and
  who are we to spoil her perfect work?"  
"Please!" I called out in a croaky whisper of embarrassment, "All these compliments"  
"When you get to know me better Emma, you will learn that, as of just now
  and forward of now, I only deal in facts."  
My nerves were tingling with my deep down excitement I knew better than to
  break the spell by asking what was in mind for me. I took it as read that whatever
  it was I would have the right of refusal. And, what's more, my panty gusset
  was wet with my musk once more. If they were not compliments, then these "facts" being
  told me were turning me on. Even the most lovely girl in the world never ceases
  to enjoy being told she is adorable, and I was in the world, a girl, and being
  told I was gorgeous.  
"May I deal in facts too please?" I enquired, with the hint of humour obvious
  in my voice and clearly acknowledged by Alena's gentle smile.  
"Of course you may young lady!" Alena pretend scolded. "What fact do you
  wish to raise with your tutor-counsellor?"  
I looked at Alena with huge pupils all but replacing the deep-brown irises
  in the eyes of the deeply sexually aroused girl I was, and ventured: "I hope
  it is a matter of fact that you are going to kiss me".  
"Well Emma!" Alena teased, "I AM surprised at you&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..
  What took you so long to ask?"  
The tingling in my finger tips was matched by perspiration from my extreme
  nervousness as Alena took my pretty hands. I closed my eyes in surrender as
  her lips approached my face. But, in another tease, she just gently kissed
  only the tip my nose. Then she pulled back still holding my hands in hers.  
"I half-opened my eyelids and my absorption in my sexual wantonness was clearly
  to be seen in my dreamy-eyed absent stare. "Please!&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;" I
  begged, longing for her real full kiss on my lips.  
"Let's eat", Alena announced brightly, letting go my fingers.  
I was left in the kitchen recovering my senses, even more aroused by the
  non-kiss, if truth be told, than if our lips had caressed.  
I splashed my face with cold water and used one of Alena's always wonderfully
  soft and fresh-smelling towels.  
I had a naturally felinely feminine gait, but my flooding hormones now seemed
  to have increased even my superb girlness, and my damp panties added to my
  perfect snake-slow-slink as I glided into Jackie's bedsitting room, my fire
  only slightly dampened by my dousing my face with the cold water.  
Then the flame flickered again as I saw that Alena was standing waiting for
  me to come to her table, and she was paying honour to my femininity, by holding
  my chair for me, as I moved between it and the table, and moving my chair gently
  under me as I sat.  
As I sat, I thanked her. I was of course thanking her for playing the role
  of the gentleman and paying me the honour that her own beauty could equally
  have commanded of me, were I the boy that in no possible set of physical circumstances,
  bar in an absolute and extremely opposite universe, could I in fact ever be.  
This holding of my chair, was the first sign of the way the relationship
  between Alena and I was to develop. I had no objection to this: none whatsoever.  
Other signs were stranger; more alien; less obvious in their founding, and,
  truth told, decidedly peculiar.  
I was to meet with the first of these next. Sitting down before the meal
  Jackie had prepared, I immediately noticed, as she moved around to take her
  place opposite me, that I was on the side of the table that she had, in her
  usual forgetful way, failed to set with a knife and fork.  
I began to rise from my chair to make good this shortcoming, thus saving
  her the trouble.  
"Where are you off to?", Alena enquired quietly.  
"Sorry Alena, I should have asked first, may I fetch one of your knives and
  a fork?"  
"Sit down Emma" Alena commanded quietly.  
I sat down once more, assuming that she wanted to further demonstrate her
  honour of my feminine charms, by being the one to fetch what had been forgotten.  
"Let's eat, I'm starving, I don't know about you" Alena announced in the
  friendliest of girl-to-girl intonation, having made no effort to find cutlery
  for me.  
"Am I to eat with my fingers then?" I asked with a giggle, to remind her,
  since she seemed to have instantly forgotten that she was to get me a knife
  and fork.  
"No Emma. Just those lovely lips and your tongue", Alena replied sounding
  so serious I just knew she must be joking.  
I began to rise from my seat again.  
"Emma!" cried Alena, "I'm so sorry, you stay sat and I'll fix the problem." I
  smiled and slowly shook my head behind her back, at Alena's lovely scatterbrain
  sexiness, as she wandered to her kitchen.  
"I had already fine-shredded it in the mixer" came Alena's louder toned voice
  as she called from the kitchen, among the sound of crockery rather than cutlery.  
"Here they are", she called and came back to the table with two heavy pottery
  bowls shaped to my eyes like the bowls dogs or cats are served their meals
  in. To my astonishment, she then let my meal slide from the plate it was presently
  on, into one of these bowls, and poured some water from a jug that seemed to
  be only for me, into the other bowl.  
"There", she announced, "That'll be easier for you. Curse me for a fool for
  not thinking and finding the bowls in the first place&hellip;&hellip;.."  
I looked at her amazed: astounded.  
"Just your pretty lips and your tongue Emma. You need to learn to drink that
  way too."  
"Why?" I asked overwhelmed by curiosity.  
"Because you don't want to starve or die of thirst do you, silly girl? You'll
  have to have a change of diet too. Vegetarian definitely. That which is in
  your bowl is a mix of ingredients we'll keep a secret for now. &hellip;."  
I looked at her quizzically once more.  
"We are working on your beauty", she explained. "A girl as naturally beautiful
  as you are will keep that beauty longer if she eats strictly only what nature
  provides. All the ingredients of your meal are absolutely and totally organic.
  None has seen a factory let alone a packet or a supermarket. Even your water
  is fresh from the sky and not from the tap or a supermarket bottle."  
"We must take you back to nature. Eat only with your lips and your tongue
  Emma: that is how you begin your return to nature&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;"  
If this was what turned Alena on, I would do it, and, anyway, I was hungry.
  It occurred to me to ask why she was eating a more routine salad and using
  a knife an fork to eat it with, but I was very hungry, and Alena did not seem
  to be wanting to converse fully till our hunger was somewhat more sated.  
"If you finish up with any on the end your nose, I'll kiss it off!" she teased,
  between mouth-fulls of her own meal.  
That was enough for me. I leant forward and curled my lovely pink tongue
  under a morsel. Thus I discovered that what was in the bowl was truly delicious.
  After my moments of doubt had been overcome, I set to and devoured the whole
  bowlful with my generously curled negress' lips and my slim pink pointy tongue
  and my full enthusiasm. I had been ravenous. I even lapped water from the other
  bowl. After eating, still avoiding use of my hands and since, unlike Alena,
  I had no napkin, I licked my gorgeous full negress' lips to clean them, and
  coincidentally moisten their beauty, watched with evident sexual arousal in
  Alena's stunning eyes. But, to my disappointment, there was no food caught
  on the tip of my nose&hellip;..and thus no kiss.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 2 &ndash; The Pool and the Beach   
"You have done wonderfully well there Emma. As you must have guessed, it
  was just a little test, but it won't hurt for you to have more practice eating
  with only your lips teeth and tongue when you dine here", Alena smiled.  
"Did you like the food?" she enquired with some assurance I was going to
  say "yes" from the evidence of my enthusiasm for consuming it.  
"It was great". I responded. "Just what were the ingredients?"  
"That's a secret till I choose to tell you little lady! Alena teased.  
"Have you things you want to do this evening, or would you like to meet a
  friend of mine: Fabrina?" Alena asked. And, without waiting for my answer,
  continued: "You'll love her. She's divorced, or at least she was 'married'-as-can-be
  to another girl, till a couple of years back. They are still in business together
  though. Fabrina owns a big estate with its own running track, a swimming pool
  and a stretch of private beach that goes on for miles."  
"We'll need to fix up a fitness programme for you my lovely lady. Running
  some miles in the soft sand of the beach will get those glorious legs of yours
  in real trim. And Fabrina has a pool."  
"Curious thing to have a running track with your home" I quizzed.  
"Yes. I suppose it is", Alena answered absent mindedly thoughtfully. I call
  it a running track as if it were for athletics. I can understand why anyone
  would think that. When they were together, Fabrina and Gaynor used to train
  ponies on it. When they split up, Gaynor took that business out to Spain where
  the weather is a bit warmer. Fabrina would like to start again though. They've
  apparently come to an agreement, because the world is crying out for genuine
  English, or I ought to say British ponies, and Gaynor just can't meet the demand."  
"Pity it's ended, I mean the ponies here", I said, "I would have just loved
  to have worked with them. I was stable girl once", I enthused.  
"Well: I should have known you'd be a girl with a love for animals! Maybe,
  if Fabrina takes to you, you can join the ponies over in Spain along with Fabrina
  and I during the Christmas vacation. Would you like that?"  
"Like it? I'd love it!" I cried out.  
"Then shall we go and meet Fabrina tonight?" Alena asked as if she really
  needed to know my answer as I leapt from my chair and hugged her.  
"You are a passionate little girl aren't you?" Alena laughed.  
"We Welsh are pure passion, head to toe!" I joked.  
Just as Alena was grabbing her car keys though, her mobile rang.  
"Fabrina! Hi!"  
"It's Fabrina", Alena silently mouthed to me as if I had not heard her phone
  greeting.  
"Hi" Alena repeated into her phone, "We, me and a girl you'd love to meet,
  Emma, we were just on our way over&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;. Saturday? What's
  happening till Saturday?&hellip;.."  
"Looks like it's off" Alena breathed in a stage whisper, with her hand ineffectively
  over the microphone of her mobile.  
"Okay. Saturday then. Yes I'm sure Emma would love to come. She's adorable;
  you'll just love her. A beauty with brains. She's a bay. Hey, Emma loves a
  swim, can she use your pool. No! It's not her asking she wouldn't be that presumptuous,
  she's too sweet and polite. It's me that's asking. Emma is a fitness fanatic
  see&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; Look, you're obviously in a hurry to fly out to
  Spain. Glad you're getting together again. If you're back on Friday&hellip;..
  I'll ring you to check about Saturday this coming Friday. And don't forget
  Emma wants to use your pool! Emma is a student. Eighteen; well nearly. No years
  not hands: seventeen-hands or thereabouts. She is exquisitely beautiful and
  built like the Venus de Milo, you'll just adore her, you won't be able to help
  it&hellip;..Oh she's gone!"  
As with so many mobile phone conversations, not least those where one party
  is in a chauffeuse driven car, Alena and long-time friend Fabrina had been
  cut off. Alena switched off her mobile.  
"She won't ring back now. They were near the airport already. As you'll gather,
  Fabrina is away till Saturday, so you'll just have to do your fitness stuff
  around here." Alena concluded, as if I were bound to agree, which indeed I
  did.  
"What was that bit about my being 'a bay' and 'seventeen-hands'?" I asked,
  with considerable curiosity.  
Alena laughed, and then laughed again and the realisation of the silliness
  to an onhearer of the words she had used in her chat with Fabrina. "Some people
  think in euros, some in dollars, Fabrina was practically born in a stable,
  talk to her in feet and inches and she thinks you're talking gobbledegook!
  A hand is four inches and the height measure for such as ponies, but you'd
  know that having been a stable girl&hellip;." Alena explained. "And you are
  a bay, after a fashion, with your lovely brown body and your dark-brown, nearly
  black hair. I suppose I should have said negress, but I wanted Fabrina to get
  a clear mental picture of you, you adorable girl, and Fabrina, believe me,
  only eats, drinks, sleeps, and thinks ponies!" she smiled.  
Alena moved to her kitchen and called out to me from there: "She's off to
  Spain as you'll have gathered. Gaynor and her are hoping to get back together&hellip;&hellip;.Well,
  more than hoping really. Sounds great news. I love them both dearly!"  
Alena then reappeared with a cup of coffee for herself.  
"You must only drink water from now on" she told me: no beverages and no
  alcohol"  
After last night I don't ever want alcohol again I thought to myself, so
  I willingly humoured Alena by accepting the jug of ice-cold water and the empty
  glass she brought me.  
"You must start your weekday three-mile runs tomorrow Emma" Alena all but
  ordered.  
"Why?" I asked: "What is all this about Alena"  
"Do you trust me Emma?"  
I blushed.  
"I don't know", I answered.  
"Please trust me to know what is best for you young lady" Alena joked. "Early
  to bed, early to rise, three-mile runs every morning and five at the weekends,
  unless we can get you in at Fabrina's place for the pool and her private beach.
  And only water to drink. Promise?"  
"Only if you kiss me" I challenged.  
There was a long silent pause, with Alena looking at me in clear admiration
  of my beauty.  
Then Alena said emotionally, "I cannot kiss you in that way Emma".  
"You are a beautiful young virgin and one day you'll find someone or some
  way worthy to surrender yourself to. Keep yourself pure my darling. Just go
  along with my wishes about the training and not drinking anything but water.
  Add to that, keeping away from boys and other girls. It's only till the end
  of Christmas term. Now Fabrina and Gaynor are back together, I'm sure we can
  make Spain at Christmas for certain. So you only need to do basic fitness here
  and we can share the winter sun in northern Spain over winter!"  
I felt and must have looked very downcast.  
"Cheer up you!" Alena teased. "I didn't say we couldn't hold hands did I?"  
I cheered up instantly. The thought of holding hands with this compellingly
  lovely older woman tuned me on incredibly. We sat in her lounge together with
  my pretty left hand in her right, and the gusset of yet another fresh pair
  of panties soaking up the droplets evidencing my surrender.  
"I wish I hadn't told you I was a virgin now" I teased.  
"I'm so glad you did", Alena responded in a loving tone, "It makes you very
  special as well as very beautiful&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.. You don't need
  to tell me if you don't want to, but are you saying you still have your hymen?
  I mean, your hymen is still intact? You do know what I mean don't you?"  
"Well if you must know Miss Nosey Parker!" I responded with mock superiority,
  making Alena laugh  
"You are? I mean, it is, isn't it?" Alena asked again, seemingly almost anxiously.  
"Yes" I said "I'm intact. There are no half-measures with us Welsh girls",
  I joked again, to hide my embarrassment.  
Alena turned to me, lifted my left hand in both of hers, turned it so the
  white palm faced her and kissed my palm with gentle adoration. "Sweetheart,
  that is so very wonderful. For you to be completely untouched is so incredibly
  erotic!"  
"Well, I'm glad it pleases someone", I mocked humorously.  
"You silly darling girl. You should hold your head up with pride that you
  are so pure."  
"But what use is it to me, if you won't even kiss me?" I challenged. "It's
  not because I'm half-black is it?"  
Alena suddenly seized both my hands and looked at me until my wondering doubting
  troubled eyes were firmly fixed on hers.  
"Emma, you are the most wonderful advertisement for the mixing of the races
  I have ever beheld. The loveliest girls in the world are the loveliest girls
  in the world because they are the colour they are, whatever colour they are,
  and to mix two of the most beautiful colours to arrive at the likes of you&hellip;&hellip;..well,
  I wish it would happen a million times more often!" Alena whispered passionately.  
"Oh, so only a million times more then is it?" I joked, and Alena squeezed
  my hand gently, laughing at my mock protest.  
Then standing up from her seat next to me, she announced, "It's about time
  you went to your bed now young lady. Come on. I'll see you home. You have unpacked?"  
"Yes" I answered, "But can't I stay here?"  
"No sweetheart, no" .  
"Did you locate the running track here at the university?"  
"Yes, I took a jog earlier&hellip;." I answered.  
"Good. Then I'd guess it must be three or four circuits of the track for
  you tomorrow, in order to keep those stupendous legs of yours as sexy as they
  are!" Alena instructed.  
"I'll make a deal with you my lovely lady. If you do your three miles every
  day this week up to and including Friday, and if you still want me to by then,
  on Friday night, I'll give you a kiss!"  
I instantly hugged Alena as we stood in readiness for me to reluctantly leave.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
Every morning for the rest of that week, I religiously ran my three miles.
  I found it easy. I was used to running and my lungs were attuned to the steady
  pounding of my trainers round and around the track. I found it so relieving
  and relaxing too. For me not to have run would have been the more tiring and
  taxing option. Running was, for me, as natural as walking talking and breathing.
  I was no Olympic athlete, and had no wish to compete, but I felt I could not
  live without my daily run.  
Every night that week, after college lectures, I went to Alena's home, and
  ate one of her delicious meals with my lips and tongue only. This was weird.
  There is no other word for it. It pleased Alena though to let me learn the
  skill. By the third night, she had me eating with just my lips and tongue,
  standing up. She told me that, henceforth, I must always eat at her place standing
  up and lowering my head into the bowl to lick up my food, and I drank that
  way too.  
I know you'll think it kinky, but I rather got to enjoy this: it was a challenge
  and I loved to master challenges. There was also the funny side to it: like
  when her neighbour rang the bell, and Alena had to hide my bowls and give me
  a glass to drink from but fast!  
Then too, there was another odd thing Alena began to do. When she was pleased
  with me: when I had done something well, she would take my hand and kiss it,
  which I adored, but she would also gently stroke my nose.  
She would just gently rest the part of her bent forefinger between the first
  and second knuckles, at the top of my nose, between my eyebrows, and stoke
  my nose downwards and do it several times. Truth told I found it soothing and
  very sexy. Sometimes it would make me want to sneeze, and I would shake my
  head for a little. Alena would wait for me to settle again and stroke my nose
  over and over, sensuously once more.  
The way she would talk to me when she was stroking my nose was also a turn
  on for me. It was baby talk: "Dares a gwood wikkle gwirl" she would coo over
  and over as she stroked my nose. It sounds so silly written down, but believe
  me it was so soothing and calming.  
Friday evening came and the kiss I had been promised. What a lie that turned
  out to be! Alena just kissed my forehead and giggled at my sigh of disappointment,
  before taking me in her arms, hugging me, and telling me once more that I was
  adorable.  
It was on the Saturday morning at the end of the first week that this biography
  takes up with another strange event.  
I arrived at Alena's flat at 7.00, by arrangement, only to meet her coming
  out already. At her insistence I was dressed only in my tracksuit and trainers,
  very unglamorous I can tell you! To be wearing no bra and panties also felt
  really weird.  
Alena smiled lovingly at me, then took my right hand in both hers, lifted
  it to her pretty lips and kissed my palm. I just so loved it when she did that.  
"Stamina, training for you this morning my little lovely" she announced gaily.  
Of course I was wondering what on earth all this was leading to. But I did
  not ask. I was in love: love means trust. Alena was taking me where she wanted
  me to go. By now, I trusted Alena implicitly. The more I was with Alena; the
  more I trusted and loved her, even after only a week. We Welsh girls are that
  passionate! Believe me it's true!!  
We drove out through the pouring rain to meet her friend Fabrina, who was
  back now from Spain. Fabrina lived five-miles and more away from the university
  in an old mansion near some cliffs with an entirely private all-sand beach
  below. And Fabrina's home well, "massive" is not a big enough word. And all
  her wealth was from training and selling ponies, if I understood aright what
  Alena told me! They must have been very special ponies, I thought to myself.  
Fabrina herself was about fifty, much older than Alena. She was black and
  she was beautiful. There was also something about her that the word "strictness" does
  not entirely convey. I didn't think she could ever be cruel, but she had, an
  aura of authority. She seemed warm and friendly, but with me at least, though
  she praised my beauty fulsomely and genuinely, she seemed distant, as if she
  did not consider me quite to be an equal: almost as if I were of a different
  species you might almost say.  
We had barely arrived and introduced ourselves one to the other, when Alena
  enquired of me: "Do you trust me Emma?".  
"Of course I do!", I answered in surprise.  
"Then undress for us. Leave your trainers on but let Fabrina look at you
  in your full natural exquisite beauty".  
This was so embarrassing. I would do anything for Alena by now though, so
  I, blushing all the while, unzipped my tracksuit top. Without removing my top
  though, I next undid the drawstring around my tracksuit bottoms and lowered
  these before stepping out of them, and then, only after that, removed my top.  
"Turn for us, so we can admire you fully, Emma, you are perfection my love,
  believe me" Alena asked and assured.  
Alena had only to ask and of course I would do what she asked me to do. But
  then, upsettingly for me, the two women began to talk about my body as if I
  were not there or was stone deaf or, and it seems horrible to think it, again
  as if I were some kind of animal and not a girl.  
"The udders are superlative and entirely natural" said Alena to Fabrina. "Just
  look at the rump: big strong and firm. And the hind legs: have you ever seen
  such long wonderfully powerful but still stunningly shapely hind legs before?"  
"She's perfect" Fabrina responded. "Such a gorgeous face. And she is yet
  to have her heaven's gate breached?"  
"Sorry about this", Alena apologised to my hanging-headed near-tearful blushes.  
"Yes, that's right. She's wonderfully bright and very fit, she just needs
  to build her stamina," Alena continued to Fabrina.  
"Oh please: this is very embarrassing!", I sighed. "Please tell me what you
  two are talking about&hellip;."  
"I'll tell you exactly what it is about" said Alena. "Fabrina, among other
  skills, is a glamour photographer, and we, or rather she, would love you to
  pose for her camera. If you agree, we'd put a website together. You have a
  heavenliness that it is your duty to share with the world, Emma".  
"You mean you want to take dirty pictures of me?" I enquired with a hint
  of upset in my voice.  
"No. Never ever would that be so" Alena responded with a hint of upset for
  me in her voice. "Nothing would be published that did not show your exquisite
  loveliness at its best, and, above all, nothing that you had not approved beforehand.
  Look Emma, you love to swim. We'll set you up in the pool, and after you've
  had your exercise, Fabrina can show you the kind of photographs she does, and
  then it is entirely up to you. Okay?"  
"Okay, I'll think about it if I may." I answered with a smiling laugh at
  this reassurance.  
"Good" said Fabrina, speaking at length for the first time. "I'm glad you
  said you'll consider it. And, don't forget, little lady, that the earnings
  for a beautiful girl like you can be the far side of fantastic. The only reservation
  is that the camera always lies. You look gorgeous in real life, but what we
  will have to do, is find if the camera loves you. You can see what I mean later
  if you wish to. Alena won't mind me showing you pictures I took of her. It
  just didn't work. Alena is stunning when she troubles to make herself look
  lovely, but it just didn't come through with her. The camera could not capture
  her. It just happens sometimes".  
"Now, the swimming pool is out the back" Alena told me.  
"I've no costume" I observed.  
"We're all girls together and nobody can see the pool, though it is in the
  open", Alena coaxed.  
This concluded, in just my trainers, I followed Alena and Fabrina out into
  the heavy rain to the pool, the first sight of which nearly made me giggle,
  as indeed I would have if it had not been rude to do so.  
My imagination had pictured an Olympic sized ocean of a pool with high diving
  boards. But this was no more than a hole in the ground almost. It was maybe
  eight feet by six feet, and, as I approached, I could see the water would be
  about to the depth of my chin as I stood in it.  
I say: "as I stood in it", but it looked to me more a case of "if I stood
  in it". It appeared to be a complete waste of time. I was also already getting
  chilled as the rain soaked my short-cropped curly hair and trickled down my
  girl-smooth delightfully delicious bare brown skin, with sexy occasional droplets
  dripping off my extraordinarily huge eye-compelling nipple aureole.  
I looked up to see that both women were clearly enjoying the erotic compulsiveness
  of the sight of a naked girl with the streams of heaven's cascade tumbling
  in tributaries turning to rivers head-to-ankles down her flawless soft brown
  skin: nature's natural oils dividing and sub-dividing the streamlets that followed
  the heavenly girl-curvature of her perfect charms, leaving bright droplets
  that bediamoned her: heaven's jewels awarded to confirm her girl-perfection:
  my girl-perfection.  
Fabrina broke the spell by pulling back a cover to reveal a waist-high lever
  and a wheel atop a broad shiny metal pipe, that dived into the ground, presumably
  to pour water into the pool, and then seemed to come out the other side of
  the pool, round in a circle, through some kind of pump.  
"I don't mean to be rude, but it's a very small. You see, I'm a good swimmer
  and &hellip;."  
"You're not being rude Emma" said Alena, "You're puzzled and I don't blame
  you one bit. This is a training pool. You don't swim in it as such; you run
  in it".  
"How's that then?" I asked.  
"Well, Miss curious" Alena teased, "Down at the bottom is a rolling-road,
  it's quite safe even though it is electrically powered and under water. You
  run on the rolling road whilst in the water of course. Running under water
  is at least twice as hard as running on land, so it adds to the strain and
  builds up your legs and your stamina, whilst the water is also a cushion against
  strain and injury. The water flows too, making you run against the flow of
  the tide all the time. You need some weights on your pretty ankles to compensate
  for not being on land and so that your body is not just buoyed up&hellip;.
  They do this to train ponies", Alena explained.  
I shook my pretty head and the raindrops with which my short dark curly hair
  was totally bejewelled flew in a light-catching rainbow-inducing halo.  
"Sorry about the weather Emma, but you must get used to the open air&hellip;." said
  Fabrina.  
"Must I? Why?" I asked, deeply puzzled.  
"That was a statement not an instruction Emma" Alena intervened, with a smile.  
"Fabrina knows you do a lot of open-air running&hellip;"  
"Well" I said, I can't be wetter in the pool than stood here!"  
"That's my Emma!" Alena cooed, "Fabrina will put your weights on, and you
  can exercise for an hour. Later, we'll have you running on the beach, that
  will be great for building up your lovely rear legs too."  
"What do you mean 'rear legs', that's at least twice I've heard that from
  you ladies. I only have two legs. I'm a girl remember?" I challenged.  
Alena laughed perhaps a little too amusedly: "You must think us silly Emma,
  and I don't blame you one bit. Pony talk again. Fabrina thinks in no other
  terms and when I'm with her, and remember we've worked together for a long
  time, I get into the same bad habit. Sorry. Yes indeed, you are a girl!"  
Fabrina had knelt to put individual heavy bands around each of my ankles,
  bands loaded with lead. I was obviously to keep my trainers on, which concerned
  me, but the older women assured me they would provide brand new ones and keep
  these present ones, once wet, for my pool training.  
I lowered myself down the steps into the cold pool, my huge natural firm
  soft breasts erotically buoyed up, as I went down with the weights till my
  head was only just above the water if I kept my chin high up, neck bent back.
  Either side of me were two rails I could grasp with my lovely hands down by
  my side, as if I were a soldier standing at attention.  
I answered that I was ready, when Fabrina asked and, after she had pressed
  a button to start it going, I began to move my legs to run on the spot under
  water to keep the rolling road from pulling my feet from under me.  
I found it challenging. It was not dissimilar from running on the open road
  but, because of the resistance of the water, it was as hard to lift my lovely
  legs at the beginning of this underwater run, as it would normally be at the
  end of an open-air run, when I had tired my legs out.  
"I'm going to open the sluice, turn on the pump, and get the water flowing
  now. That will increase the difficulty for you Emma", Fabrina announced. "Are
  you okay?"  
"Fine thanks!" I called from my mouth, which was only just out of the water
  as I jogged along. I seemed to be running on the moving road at the base of
  the pool, as if I were in the film scene where the lovers meet on the station
  and run to each other's arms in slow motion. It was very challenging to my
  strength.  
As the water began to flow toward me with the pump working I called up: "This
  isn't easy. I can see why it would build my legs and my lungs"  
"You'll have the loveliest hind quarters that could be wished for, when you've
  done some days of this and the running in the sand on the beach. They are both
  great for building wonderful rear legs, and staying power. They do it with
  ponies for the same reasons", Alena called down from her squatting position
  beside the pool.  
"Was the pool for training ponies then?" I called up, already a little breathless
  from my continuing physical efforts.  
"Yes it was. I suppose you could also say that it still is too" Alena answered.  
"You're at half-speed. Will you be okay if Fabrina and I leave you for a
  while? We are getting soaked in this rain. You're alright in the rain my lovely,
  being naked. If you need anything, just call out. We're sure to hear you." Alena
  instructed as she rose to go indoors for a while.  
"I'm fine", I answered trotting briskly in the constant onrushing tide pumped
  into the pool through the broad pipe I had noted.  
Running in that pool was harder work than I had imagined. An hour of such
  exercise would be like a half-marathon, I thought. But I loved exercise and
  was determined to master this challenge.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
It was an hour-and-a-quarter later that Alena and Fabrina came to turn the
  machine off. I was so relieved. I had never been more exhausted in my young
  life. I had been absolutely determined not to call for help, even though I
  knew I was reaching almost beyond my limits at the hour interval. My legs shook
  like rubber-jelly as I climbed up the ladder out of the pool.  
Alena held out a full-length white towelling robe, and I nearly fell into
  it. It was wonderful to be in that warm robe and in Alena's arms. As Fabrina
  took off my ankle weights and saturated trainers, Alena kissed my forehead: "You
  little angel! You have done perfectly!"  
I leaned against Alena as I tried to walk on my incredibly aching and shaking
  legs: legs that would hardly move anymore.  
"See what I meant about the need for stamina, Emma?  
I nodded. It was all I could do; I was so exceedingly weary.  
"Fabrina and I have been talking about what is best for you. We want you
  to run at least three miles on the beach this afternoon"  
"Oh must I, I'm worn out?" I sighed.  
"You must. Also, we want you to stay here with us all the rest of this weekend
  and indeed the next couple of months. A pool run for an hour each morning starting
  tomorrow, and a beach run of three miles minimum, working up to five miles
  every afternoon. By the end of the two months we'll have so much pent up strength
  in your hind legs&hellip; I mean you legs&hellip;.that you'll feel like a kangaroo!" Alena
  coaxed me.  
I looked at Alena with big sleepy eyes.  
"Do this for me, you adorable sweetheart" Alena coaxed. "When you run on
  the beach you can go naked too."  
"No. Please, I can't&hellip;" I protested mildly, so mildly it was more a
  'yes' than a 'no' to the proposal.  
"You'll have your trainers on!" Alena quipped.  
"The beach is entirely private. Nobody, but nobody will see you bar Fabrina
  and me. And, the very good reason for you running around nude as nature intended,
  is that Fabrina will be photographing you for your website, and that's when
  the money will start to roll in for you, you incredibly lovely girl".  
"I'll look so silly" I protested quietly and tiredly.  
"You'll look wonderful and wonderfully erotic" Alena assured me.  
We had walked to what was a bedroom. I now stood on still unsteady legs,
  dressed only in the towelling bathrobe. Alena pulled back the duvet on a king-sized
  double bed: a bed I longed to just fall onto, into, and into sleep forever.  
"The shower is in there", she indicated: "Shower and rest sweetheart. Let's
  see, it's coming up to 11.00. Let's call it two o' clock this afternoon for
  your first run on the training sands".  
I was so tired I made no comment, but merely took my still wobbling legs
  into the shower. Was my love for Alena worth two solid months of this? Then
  I smiled to myself. Of course it was. And what about missing lectures? Oh hang
  lectures; college could wait. I was going to be a rich glamour model wasn't
  I?  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
To drag myself out of that warm wonderful bed for the afternoon run that
  first day was almost torture. Bleary-eyed and still with aching legs from the
  morning trot in the training pool, I donned new dry trainers and, otherwise
  as naked as nature, glided my feline leggy way out to the beach.  
Once there, in what was now warm sunshine after the morning rain, I woke
  myself up with a steady jog. It was, as predicted, very much harder running
  in soft sand than on a hard running track. And so it was intended it should
  be. The training in the pool and on the soft sand of the beach was to put me
  under greater strain and thereby increase the power and indeed the staying-power
  in my lovely legs and my lungs.  
Fabrina was, as had been planned with my consent, photographing me as I ran
  to and fro past her. But how she could expect a sweaty girl to look her glamorous
  best in the pictures she was taking I just could not understand.  
I found this run quite a strain. I had thought I was fit, but the extra effort
  I needed to trot in the soft shifting sand tested my lungpower such that I
  was gasping for breath after the second mile, and only by sheer willpower was
  I able to drive myself into running the third.  
There was another discomfort too. Running naked might sound like great fun
  but, believe me, it is no fun for a girl with a big chest. Nature had endowed
  me with a perfect thirty-eight inch double-D-cup breasts. And a girl with big
  natural breasts has them slap her hard and often as she trots.  
I had tried running with my breasts bare beneath a t-shirt before now. That
  had resulted in very sore nipples. Sore nipples were not going to be the problem
  running, bar my trainers of course, totally nude, but the slapping of my breasts
  on my chest was very uncomfortable.  
The slapping was uncomfortable because it was unpleasant. But the fact it
  was unpleasant and uncomfortable was also surprisingly sexy. As I ran I found
  my mind becoming obsessed with the bouncing flouncing flicking flowing frolic
  of my breasts as they danced upwards at each stamp downwards of my feet.  
Indeed, I began to run with my arms held down by my side in order to give
  my beautiful breasts freedom to dance and prance as it pleased them to dance
  and prance before me. And I was all too aware, as the dampness in my minx was
  leaving me in no doubt, how very sexy my free-floating and flowing chest was
  both to me and all onlookers, including the video camera Fabrina was now pointing
  at me.  
All thought of complaining that I would never run in future save in my sports'
  bra disappeared with the coming-on of the moisture in my minx. And when at
  long last my run was over I felt such a pleasure tingling in my mounds and
  my minx that I had the hardest job imaginable to hide from Alena and Fabrina,
  that I had been and still was aroused, sexually aroused, by running naked.  
If to run in the sand on the afternoon of the first day after a morning in
  the training pool was hard work, so much more so was it to face the same routine
  the next day and the next. But, by the end of a fortnight I was finding it
  no strain at all. By the end of three weeks by body could not have done without
  these demands upon its wonderful structure.  
I stayed at Fabrina's home throughout this time, being driven to and from
  there by Alena who took me thereby also to and from my studies at the university.
  I was up each morning at six o' clock for the pool, and on the sands at five
  in the afternoon, under floodlights as the daylight grew shorter in the English
  autumn.  
My runs in the sand were regularly four and five miles by the end of the
  second month and my pool runs were long since with the water flow at full and
  nearly overpowering flow. I felt supremely fit and yet, at the same time, became
  more and more skittish with my nerves on the ragged edge, such that Alena would
  have to calm me by stroking my nose gently and cooing to me.  
Of course, being no fool, I knew that all this fitness training was for a
  purpose and that that purpose was something additional to ensuring I looked
  good in the pictures that were now on my website. But I was totally ignorant
  and innocent of the purpose that was in mind for me.  
I had heard yet more talk of my wonderful "hind legs" and my breasts being
  referred to as "udders" or "teats", but I had put this down to what Alena had
  told me about Fabrina being obsessed by ponies, or to some kind of "naughty
  talk" that turned on these two women and, come to that, me also.  
It was coming close to Christmas and the trip to Spain I had had dangled
  before me as a promised gift if I adhered to my training. I had done all that
  had been asked of me. I was assured the trip to Spain for Christmas was on.
  I was going to make that journey, but not in the way I had imagined.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 3 &ndash; The Journey   
The strangest turn of events in my young life was what I was next to encounter.  
I was resting after a very strenuous session in the training pool. I was
  just too tired to sleep. I was too tired to sleep because of the hyper-state
  of tension and alertness my mind was exercised into, despite the weariness
  in my young body. Despite my physical tiredness my mind was as awake as if
  I had overdosed on caffeine. As I lay awake resting on my bed one late afternoon
  in even later November, I listened to one side, the only side I could hear,
  of the strangest telephone conversation I had heard in my life. The voice I
  could overhear was undoubtedly Fabrina's. The voice I could not hear was, I
  soon worked out, pretty certainly that of Gaynor, her business partner and
  one-time lover whom I understood to be in Spain.  
"Tell Melinda Ryan I have exactly what her daughter wants for her birthday."  
"Yes."  
"Prime quality."  
"Human name is Emma."  
"Yes 'Emma'."  
"What's that?"  
"You're breaking up&hellip;.. damned mobile phones! &hellip;."  
"She wants us to choose the name?"  
"That's fine&hellip;&hellip;"  
"Black mane &hellip;."  
"Yes it's the genuine colour."  
"Lovely coat &ndash; light-brown."  
"Combine the black mane and the brown coat, and we are talking a genuine
  bay here.  
As I recall, young Miss Ryan particularly asked for a bay."  
"Yes, of course&hellip;..From the teeth, I'd say eighteen or nineteen"  
"Excellent physical condition"  
"Kept in training. Perfect muscle tone."  
"Height? Oh easily seventeen-hands unshod".  
"Yes, I know that's tall, but she's seventeen-hands at least: she'll be higher
  when she's hoofed of course."  
"Longest rear legs you ever saw with superbly strong hams"  
"Rump firm as a rock"  
"She'll be a strong one, well capable of hard work and endurance&hellip;"  
"Lovely forelegs, not that she'll need them of course"  
"And up front you are not going to believe, must be 37 or 38."  
"Yes. Okay I'd go for 37D or double-D. Whatever. They are beauties&hellip;superb
  udders. Perfect teats with massive aureoles too."  
"No. Absolutely not. They are totally natural. No enhancements, no tattoos,
  and no piercings either."  
"No, I'm pretty sure she's never been covered. It's for certain sure at least
  that she hasn't dropped any foals."  
"Melinda knows the price. We'll film and sell the DVDs of course for the
  extra. Bound to make a profit on this one believe me"  
"Tell Melinda her daughter will think it's her next thousand birthdays rolled
  into one when she sees this babe"  
"Okay?"  
"No: she doesn't know yet".  
Although I admit I was na&iuml;f at eighteen, I thought I realised that this
  conversation had been about me; or at least that it pretty certainly was. But
  I was to fall immediately asleep in my exhaustion and wonder on waking two
  hours later, whether I had just dreamt it. It seemed at my next half-waking
  that all the talk about ponies from the two older women had been distorted
  within my half-slumbering mind and made play of, as minds are wont to when
  dreams are screened in the mental cinema. In sum I had been dreaming, and dreaming
  the conversation not least.  
I was allowed to sleep all the rest of that afternoon and till the early
  hours of the next day. And, such was the accumulated physical tiredness from
  the constant additional fitness training I had willingly subjected myself to
  over months since my arrival at the university; that I needed that much sleep
  to overcome extreme exhaustion, the extreme exhaustion a youthful body still
  growing to full womanly maturity and thus till lacking staying power.  
My world was to change that next morning. My world was to change completely.  
I awoke in a blaze of light, no, of lights, no, of spotlights, to find both
  Alena and Fabrina in my bedroom looking at me, as I lay naked within my cosy
  bed.  
It was only as I blinked myself awake to see that it was but half-past-five
  on the clock, that I opened my eyes wide enough to realise that both Alena
  and Fabrina were dressed alike in black boots with four-inch stiletto heels,
  brown jodhpurs, and red-and-brown chequered shirts.  
But what horrified me was what my eyes most immediately caught: both women
  had riding crops, and Fabrina carried a long pole with some kind of metal hoop
  band worked by a lever attached to it, rather like a shepherd's crook with
  a metal hoop lasso at its end.  
"Don't let us have to hurt you sweetheart" coaxed Alena "You're ready for
  Spain now my love. Whether you like it or not your going to Spain to be broken-in.
  You my lovely Welsh angel are perfect raw material".  
I had know idea what on earth Alena was talking about and, although I felt
  any amount of fear running through me, I was about to be brave enough to challenge
  the two women to go away and leave me alone, when any chance for me to talk
  was stopped in an instant, by Fabrina using the crook to grab me around my
  neck as I lay in the bed propped up in my surprise awakening from the power
  of the blinding lights.  
Propped up on my elbows as I was, by opening the lasso-end wide, and dropping
  it over my head, and then pulling the lever to close the choker at the end
  of the crook around me, Fabrina force-guided me to rise to my knees on the
  bed and thereafter step out of it onto the carpeted floor of the bedroom.  
"I've got her safe and sound", Fabrina assured Alena, "Get her tacked out,
  the truck will be here at seven".  
Fabrina loosened the crook only slightly for fear she was choking me, but
  kept it tight enough to stop me speaking clearly if I tried to talk at all,
  and certainly tight enough to control me and keep me standing obediently.  
If I had slept long there was no doubt that, after all these sudden happenings,
  I was now as wide-awake as I had ever been in my young life. And yet the proceedings
  that followed seemed, like the telephone call I had heard the half of, to be
  unreal and dreamlike in the extreme.  
I tried in vain to fight off the choker-crook, wrestling its pole with my
  hands to try and twist it out of Fabrina's grip to absolutely no avail. Even
  as I fought now to try and kick Fabrina, she merely tightened the hold of the
  band around my neck and I was defeated.  
But I was not going to give up that easily. Although my eyes were almost
  starting from my head, so tight was the crook's hoop on my neck, I lashed out
  with my pretty feet, high kicking to try and disable Fabrina with a foot in
  her crutch or anywhere I might catch her, anywhere painful enough to get her
  to let me free.  
They had trained my legs. They had built up my stamina. With my long strong
  shapely legs I would kick out and did in the ever dawning realisation that
  what had started out seeming like a nightmare dream was rapidly becoming 'daymare'
  real.  
Intelligent though I have always been considered to be, when one is in the
  deep depth of shock and fear that I was experiencing at the hands of the two
  women who had so suddenly become my captors, a bright mind telling you that
  you have no chance and might just as well surrender to their will is not listened
  to, and I was perspiring heavily as I fought and fought with tears of frustration
  coursing down my lovely face. Eventually as was inevitable, my wrists tired
  and I staggered and fell to my knees for the fifth helpless hopeless time.  
As I was made to stand again, it was as if Alena had been awaiting my obvious
  acceptance that my defeat was inevitable, since it was at my letting go of
  the pole of the crook to try and think of some new way to fight my tormentors
  off, that she grabbed my right wrist taking it behind me. Standing aside in
  case I kicked backwards, she manacled my wrist with a black leather band that
  had a short chain running to another black leather band, that she next folded
  my arm forearm to my upper arm, so she could pass round my upper arm, just
  below my armpit, over the bicep and tricep.  
Because it involved straps and buckles being tightened and engaged around
  both my right wrist and my upper right arm whilst I continued to fight and
  resist, Alena only managed to effect this without being able to tighten the
  straps fully. She hoped she would tighten the straps afterwards, when I had
  been further calmed.  
My right arm had been strapped up doubled and helpless, but all that succeeded
  in doing, with the recovery of my determination and adrenalin-fuelled fear-enhanced
  strength after the previous defeat of my escape bid, was to see me return fully
  to the fight and, though it hurt my neck to turn, I now tried my very best
  to keep three-hundred-and-sixty-degree guard from any further approaches to
  bind me, by threatening a kick to anyone who came within range of my lovely
  long lithe leggy deterrents.  
They had caused me to work on the strength and staying power of my legs and
  here was the first cause I had found to be truly grateful for it, as it had
  enhanced my ability and agility and duration in the fight.  
"She's a real wild, one and some!" Fabrina exclaimed. "We're going to have
  our work cut out to break this one in, that's for sure!"  
These words I took as a sign that I might yet win my freedom with a chance
  taken, if it arose, for a good kick from my superbly honed legs, to take one
  of these women out. I was a gentle girl by nature, but such was my ire and
  terror at that moment, I would have broken Alena or Fabrina's leg if I could
  have aimed a kick, or broken a foot if I could have got near enough to stamp
  down on one.  
Then, taken off guard by my fleeting and, on reflection, ridiculous thought
  that I had any chance of winning, Fabrina used the crook to tighten the grip
  around my throat even more and thereafter force me once more down onto my knees.  
"You'd better bind her hind legs", Fabrina advised breathlessly, "I don't
  think I can control her with the crook alone. They're best broken-in from the
  completely wild state, but this one is really something for fighting of her
  tacking out."  
I tried so very hard to rise up from my kneeling stance, grasping the crook
  rod with my only remaining free hand, but it was hopeless and Alena quickly
  wrapped a restraining strap around my ankles before grabbing and twisting painfully
  behind me, my threshing left arm.  
Alena showed no mercy as she twisted my arm up my back till my shoulder hurt
  horribly and I chokingly croaked out in my pain.  
Knowing she thus had me beaten, Alena cuffed my left arm in the same manner
  as my right, and then made sure of the tightness of the bonds already holding
  my right arm also helplessly tied doubled.  
I was now sufficiently secured, both women agreed with an exchange of nods,
  to let me stand and even to have the choker around my neck loosened a little.  
"Please&hellip;please don't hurt me&hellip;!!" I pleaded in my now obvious
  defeat.  
"Nobody will hurt you sweetheart, as long as you learn to obey", Alena coaxed.  
"What's going on!? Why are you treating me like this!!? I begged.  
"You will find out when you find out. You must learn to stop asking questions.
  It is no longer your place to ask questions." Alena instructed me in quiet
  and gently friendly tone. And, as if to emphasise the point Fabrina, at a nod
  from Alena, tightened the band around my neck till my tongue almost stood out
  of my mouth and until with my eyes I begged to be freed and promised my silence.  
My arms were bent at the elbows doubled so that my pretty hands dangled down
  helplessly. I had very effectively lost the use of my hands to fight my tormentors
  off. For some reason my hands and arms were not seen as any more than visual
  decorative appendages in whatever they were preparing me for: and believe me
  I had no idea as yet of the horror they had in store.  
The instruction that I was to be silent and the confirmation that I had no
  right to ask questions, pointed my fevered imagination in the direction of
  some form of prostitution.  
I was young, I was nubile, and much significance had been seen in my confirmation
  that at only-just-eighteen I remained still a fully intact virgin. Furthermore,
  my former friends, these older women who had turned on me this way, were forcing
  me against my will. It therefore took no Einstein to conclude I was intended
  for something horrible. I was convinced that they were tying me up to take
  me to a brothel. All that talk of pony training in Spain was code. I was headed
  for the tourist brothels and my intact virginity would no doubt assure a very
  high price for me.  
This was vile. This was the twenty-first century and girls were still being
  forced into prostitution. So often the trick was on the young women from poorer
  countries who were misled into handing over all their wealth and to borrow
  even more to pay their way to promised employment in richer lands; employment
  that never materialised because it never really existed. They were then forced
  into selling their bodies because they had heavy debt, no work, no way home,
  and faced starvation otherwise.  
Given that I was from one of the wealthier lands these poor girls were seduced
  to, I could not be tricked into paying an extortionate fare to escape poverty
  as the foreign girls could be: I experienced no poverty. To force me into selling
  myself, I would have to be physically abducted.  
I was convinced that that was what was going on that morning. I was being
  tied up so that I could be shipped abroad. Perhaps there was even a premium
  on girls from the first world. I could imagine that to be able to say that
  I was no poverty stricken eastern European or far eastern girl, but a first
  world schoolgirl, might well add a dimension to my marketability and enable
  me to be sold for a higher price still.  
I remained of this conviction as my mind whirred, trying over and over to
  work out how I could escape this sudden unexpected and truly horrendous turn
  of events. A girl simply does not expect to go up to an English university
  only to find herself being abducted into the brothels of Europe by one of her
  lecturers. It is the stuff of erotic fiction, not of the reality I was clearly
  facing.  
Fabrina had used the crook that was still around my neck to guide me toward
  sitting on the corner edge of the bed I had so recently occupied so snugly
  warmly and comfortingly. I was made to shuffle because of the strap around
  my legs to stop me kicking. I sat now with my graceful legs held helpless and
  with a deep depression beginning to overwhelm me.  
Alena now placed two of the strangest looking objects on the floor near my
  feet and my lovely face creased prettily at the brow as I puzzle-studied them.
  Each of what awaited me was a wooden clog. These wooden clogs, for that is
  all I can describe them as, were circular with a flat base and with slightly
  tapering sides, making them rise like cones, but cones that were cut off before
  they reached anything approaching a pinnacle.  
They looked as if they were seven or so inches in circumference, as they
  rested on the carpet. Their sloping sides rose six inches, and the cut-off
  tops to which their sides gently sloped, were six inches in circumference or
  thereabouts. Integrally attached to and leading into human-foot-wide slots
  in the tops of both clogs, were black leather bellows-like devices. These lined
  stiff-leather openings looked like chutes.  
To all appearances the leather of the chutes had some kind of core, perhaps
  of steel, to ensure their rigidity. The sides of the chutes were of pleated
  bellowed leather. The chutes ran almost vertically into the foot-width holes
  within the tops of the clogs, but curved back slightly. The lower half of the
  chutes looked if anything like a shoehorn, and was longer than its upper. The
  lower half of the bellows-like-chute also curved up and ended in a broad strap
  that I easily deduced was to fasten around the wearer's ankle. The length of
  the chute that formed top-half of the bellows, also had a strap, which like
  the ankle strap was presently open, unbuckled.  
I took all this in within milliseconds of pretty faced furrowed browed fascinated
  examination of what was clearly about to become my footwear. The mental summation
  my pictorial memory library immediately associated these articles of footwear
  with, was hooves. They looked for all the world like horses hooves.  
At the forefront of my mind, I immediately dismissed this association as
  being totally ridiculous. But in my subconscious mind, I was recalling all
  the talk there had been of "ponies" and "hind legs" and "pony training".  
Then I realised what they were. I actually admitted to myself that I knew
  what they were. The thoughts of my subconscious mind and the associations it
  rapidly made with all I had heard in smatterings in the lead-up to this moment,
  nudged aside the doubts in the forefront of my thinking. These clogs were undoubtedly
  hooves. These clogs were unquestionably hooves. These clogs were indeed hooves!
  I was going to be fitted with hooves!!  
My eyes closed in horror and fear as I realised the extent to which I was
  about to be humiliated. As Alena readied my right foot for its hoof, I emitted
  a little girly fart of fear.  
Alena put the toes of my right foot in the hoof-clog, and I became aware
  that my toes were not going forwards in the recess made for them in the hoof,
  as they would in even the highest of high-heeled shoes, but being taken more
  than straight down vertically, even slightly back from vertical, into some
  kind of soft springy sheath for my big-toe.  
Indeed my toes were going into individual cushioned sheaths as if into a
  foot glove. I could not understand this. I had, so far, not uttered a word,
  but now nearly forgot myself, beginning to give voice to the question in my
  mind, before recollecting that I had no rights anymore. No rights at all. Were
  I to speak what would they do to me? I knew from the harsh treatment I had
  already experienced from the use of the crook that still held me around my
  neck, that I would most likely be punished. I recalled that both women had
  crops. I caught myself in time.  
The toes of my dainty right foot were in the glove-like recess within the
  clog hoof leaving just my heel out of the clog within the chute-like bellows,
  and Alena was tightening the strap on the hoof's leather upper, which was thus
  squeezed tightly over my foot by the closing and buckling of the bellow's strap.
  She then buckled my ankle by means of the strap at the turned-up end of the
  longer lower-half of the bellows chute, to hold the clog, indeed the hoof,
  firmly on my foot.  
Alena then busied herself with padlocks to hold the ankle strap and thus
  my hoof-clog irremovably in place. She then fitted equally carefully and equally
  securely with a finishing padlock, my left hoof. Then Alena unbuckled and took
  from my now supremely arched and superbly curvy legs, the strap that had been
  used to stop me kicking out.  
"Stand her up", barked Alena, as she rose from padlocking my left hoof to
  me.  
I uttered a girly gasp as I was effectively instructed to stand by the use
  of the crook that still grasped my lovely neck. I rose to my full five-feet-eight-inches
  - seventeen-hands - and now a whole hand and more beyond, as I found myself
  with the terrible strain of standing on the very tips of my bare toes within
  the unmerciful hooves: and hooves, I had no further doubt whatsoever, were
  what I now wore!  
I cried out with the shock, "Oh no, please&hellip;&hellip;..no, please&hellip;&hellip;!"  
But I was ignored as the women's eyes drank in the incredible beauty of my
  superbly strong legs. Forced onto tiptoe in permanently stretched heaven high,
  my calves muscularly stretched strong, my knees locked back and deep dimpled,
  my stupendous thighs muscularly passionately powerful, my buttock cheeks dimpled
  deeply concave, as a conspicuous compelling consequence of my being tip-top-tiptoed.  
Whistles of amazement at my erotic beauty echoed around the room as all eyes
  switched from my wonderfully fully stretched legs, to my free swinging and
  swaying enormous bare breasts and back and forth between these and at my divinely
  dimpled derriere and my captivatingly curvaceous legs once more.  
My lovely face with my deep dark-brown eyes was contorted with fear, but
  then a strange feeling hit me between my stupendous thighs. My erotic bondage
  was not only sexually exciting to my captors: it was arousing me more than
  I had ever been aroused in my sweet young life. I was being made helpless and
  my enforced surrender to my captors frightened but yet sexually excited me
  in equal measure.  
It was incredibly difficult to stand in this way, on the very tips of my
  big toes, with my arms tied helpless, wrists chain-linked to upper arms, and
  my pretty hands thus dangling useless, but I knew that I must, and somehow
  I suddenly wanted to take this like a girl.  
The strain on my legs was from my being unused to having them stretched so
  high on constant tiptoe. Now that they were, it felt wonderful. It felt sexy,
  very, very, sexy. And my bondage was not over yet. My bondage was not over
  yet by any manner of means.  
Here I was now standing hoofed: the beautiful eighteen-year-old girl beginning
  to disappear, a stunningly gorgeous erotically bondaged ponygirl beginning
  to take her place.  
"Fit the saddle-band", Fabrina insisted as she still held me, albeit now
  more loosely, at the end of her crook.  
"Saddle-band"? What on earth was this to be? What in goodness' name were
  they going to do to me next?  
I watched fascinated as Alena took up a black leather corset-like belt from
  the floor, where further straps and other strange paraphernalia were scattered.
  This corset-belt, as I noted by turning my curly-haired head the little I could
  and my dark-deep-brown eyes the rest of the way to study it, had three very
  strong straps with reinforced eyeholes and equally strong looking buckles to
  receive the belts.  
It was perhaps nine or ten-inches deep. It also had two very strong shining
  steel rings very securely fitted at the bottom at what would be the front and
  back of the saddle-band when it was in place around my waist where it was obviously
  intended to and going to go, and other lesser rings around at intervals. I
  could not imagine what the rings could be for, the big rings in particular.  
The saddle-band was put around my waist with the straps only engaged on their
  first eyelets at the back of me, and yet it was already tight.  
But it was not really tight yet.  
Alena now pulled each of the straps in turn to tighten it. Each strap was
  tightened a notch in its answering buckle in turn. Alena took the middle strap.
  And I swayed and staggered on my tiptoed legs and my huge udders swung wildly,
  as she pulled each of these straps, tighter, and tighter, and tighter, and
  tighter.  
Each in turn, Alena pulled the individual straps down one notch at a time,
  in turn, grunting with the effort of strength from her, its increasing difficulty
  demanded.  
And my 23-inch waist was being squeezed down; and down; and down; and down;
  and yet further down.  
I was being reshaped. I was being forcibly reshaped. My natural shape was
  superb to anyone's eyes, but I was being forcibly reshaped. I was being wasped.
  I was being inexplicably inextricably inexorably squeezed till I would have
  the waistline of a wasp.  
I could hardly believe what they were doing. For the last two holes of each
  strap I had to be held from falling, such was the force needed to tighten the
  saddle-band to the final eyeholes and thus such was the need for me to be braced.
  As Alena did this, she was quite exhausted and clearly perspiring in the heat
  of the bedroom and the spotlights.  
And so I finally stood with the saddle-band fitted. I stood with my massive
  udders swaying. I stood with my divine legs sky-highed. I stood with my lovely
  slim girl's waist forcibly squeezed down from its natural delectable twenty-three
  inches to an incredible fifteen-inches. I was wasped. I was forcibly wasped.
  My trunk and my dimpled buttocks were above and below the waist of a wasp &ndash; the
  fifteen-inch waist of a properly wasped girl.  
It felt wonderful to be so enslaved. I was wasped, and my rib cage was lifted
  giving even more prominence to my huge breasts as they swung and swayed freely
  and uncontrollably, even as I merely breathed.  
I was wasped and, from here-on-in, as I walked my lower body would swing
  and sway uncontrollable to a degree that was even more emphatically confirmative
  of my being a girl.  
Because of my wasping, when I moved my bum would be forced to wiggle and
  swing as if I were a rattlesnake. I was wasped to fifteen-inches and thereby
  extremely emphatically super-girlised.  
"Let's fit her tail", Alena mused out loud.  
What followed was my most uncomfortable experience so far.  
I was shown my tail and I realised that beyond a shadow of a doubt I was,
  for whatever reason being made to look like a human horse. This was obviously
  some kind of kinky perversion that Fabrina, Alena and, presumably, Gaynor out
  in Spain, shared. I was being made to look like a pony. I had no choice but
  to go along with this. I was still gripped by my neck. I was also gripped by
  the fascination of horror at what was being done to me. I was also still further
  gripped by the sexual arousal I undoubtedly felt at being made so super-feminine.  
I was being transformed into a human pony. Every pony has a tail but I could
  not help the look of amazement in my nut-brown eyes as the length of the tail
  was shown and I was made to note that it matched my head hair for its jet-black
  coal-black midnight-black wonderful colour.  
"Get it up her bum" barked Fabrina, whose arms were tiring as she gripped
  the crook to hold me in case I began to struggle again.  
As the tail was brought up behind me I knew where it was going to go and
  I had already noted the dildo with its knobbed head like a penis, and how it
  was bent for some reason, where the hair of the tail came out of it.  
I gasped audibly as the dildo was slowly inserted into my unlubricated anus.
  It hurt. It also gave me an overpowering desire to defecate.  
I could not protest this torture. I had no rights. I was clearly now an animal.
  Animals only have the rights humans are prepared to grant them. No rights were
  granted me. I must take whatever they chose to do to me. I was to be made into
  a pony. Ponies have no rights.  
At the base of the dildo was a ring that was pushed beyond my sphincter so
  as to prevent my natural muscular motions ejecting the dildo. And the tail
  was in place. My tail was in place. I could not see it, but the bend in the
  dildo was included so that my tail was lifted up and out rather than hanging
  straight down from my penetrated bottom.  
I had a tail and it flowed upwards from the dildo and then curved downwards
  dangling two full feet downwards and swinging as my bottom swayed. I was animalised
  the more. My body still fought to force it out of my anus, but I had a tail.
  I was a true pony.  
I had a tail for the first time in my eighteen earthly years. I was become
  a human pony. I was wasped and I had a tail, and it would swish and sway with
  every super-emphasised super-feminine swing and sway of my deep dimpled buttocks
  caused and emphasised by my waist's wasping.  
And my ponygirl bondage was not done even yet.  
If I had found the insertion of my tail uncomfortable, it was nothing to
  the humiliation of what I was about to experience.  
"Bridle", ordered Fabrina, who seemed to be in total charge of my bondage.  
Alena duly produced my head harness. It was made in black leather to match
  my waspie saddle-band. I could see it included a mouth bit and blinkers and
  a band that would go around my forehead I assumed.  
It was part of my humiliation that that forehead band be shown to me. It
  was held so I could see it. It was deliberately held so that I could see it.
  It was part of my initial breaking-in I now realise, even though I did not
  take that point in at the time, to be shown it.  
The headband I was being shown, the black leather band that would be across
  my forehead when my bridle was fitted had a white flash across it, and on that
  flash in crimson letters I read my fate, for the flash on the band bore a name.  
The band for my forehead bore a name in livid scarlet. A name: not my human
  name. I was suddenly very clearly no longer Emma.  
The flash showed what was undoubtedly my pony name.  
That cruel almost luminously bright band with its livid crimson-red letters
  labelled me for all the world to see that this girl was henceforth to be known
  as 'Midnight-Pearl', and only ever to be known as 'Midnight-Pearl'.  
I was about to become fully and finally a pony.  
I was about to become fully and finally a ponygirl.  
I was about to become fully and finally the ponygirl 'Midnight-Pearl'.  
To complete my tack, I must wear my mouth bit. I had, of course, from proceedings
  so far, expected to be fitted with a bit. Indeed, I had imagined some kind
  of straight rod over my tongue and at the back of my teeth; but that was not
  so.  
The bit that was brought to me had two straight round profile steel bars!
  I momentarily wondered why this should be. Then it dawned on me. I realised
  what was to happen. I was to have my tongue trapped between the two bars. I
  was to have my tongue imprisoned!  
I closed my eyes in horror as this demeaning implement was put in my mouth.
  But I made no resistance as I was forced to lower myself from my full nineteen-hands,
  and open my mouth. I lowered my gorgeous brown eyes submissively as I stuck
  out my pretty pink tongue as far as I could, and had the two round-profile
  slim rigid bars of the hard steel bit slid over my poor tongue and to the back
  of my mouth between my back teeth.  
My tongue was not squeezed, but when this bit was tied hard back in my mouth,
  I had my lovely mouth forcibly held permanently agape, and my pretty pink tongue
  helplessly imprisoned. It was an act of shear cruelty. It was a deliberate
  act of shear cruelty. It had its horrible purpose. It would ensure I was totally,
  but totally, unable to talk anymore.  
Not to be able to talk would be a cruel blow for any human, particularly
  a girl; for a compulsive talker such as I was, this was indeed a carefully
  calculated and fully intentional cruelty.  
My tongue being satisfactorily through the two bars of the cruel bit, the
  hideous bit was tied at the back of my neck by means of leather straps with
  eyelets and answering buckle.  
The end of my tongue flicked helplessly and lewdly within my agape mouth,
  as the straps with side blinkers were put to the side of my face and the headband
  shouting out in luminous-crimson that my name was now 'Midnight-Pearl' was
  taken behind my dainty little ears and buckled at the back of my head among
  my dark-brown near-black curly negress' hair.  
I had noticed, despite my distress at having my tongue imprisoned, that the
  bit extended wide of my mouth clear of my face on either side.  
My mouth was now forced wide agape with my tongue sticking out obscenely,
  but the bit went beyond my face cheeks either side and ended in a vertical
  round rigid hoop at either end. As with the as yet unemployed rings in my saddle-band,
  I again wondered what purpose these hoops or rings in my bit could serve, or
  if they were merely decoration.  
My neck had been released for the first time in fully half-an-hour and more
  of my being fitted with my pony-tackle bondage. The crook had been released.
  Both my torturers now walked around to inspect that all my bondage was properly
  in place and fully secure. They also undoubtedly walked around me as much to
  drink-in the deep humiliation I was enduring at their hands, as to enjoy the
  erotic radiance of my torsioned tensioned tethered and tormented body.  
I was now become horribly frightened as I noted that Alena and Fabrina had
  in their hands held at the ready, the crops with which they were armed. They
  had done this in case I was about to show more fight. I had never been hit,
  even once, in all my eighteen years. I could not even begin to imagine what
  it would be like to be hit by the cruel weapons they carried so nonchalantly,
  and I feared they might be used on me on a whim even without me giving cause.  
Alena and Fabrina stood looking sexily devastatingly pretty, with their horse-whips'
  wrist-bands in place. They had their whips at the ready to use on me as they
  walked around me to carry out a full and thorough inspection of 'Midnight-Pearl'.  
I looked at the women with their cruel whips and realised how terribly alone
  and at their mercy I was. I could see nothing of Alena or Fabrina as they walked
  past the sides of me. My blinkers meant I could only see forward and down in
  front of me.  
As I stood my arms tied up helplessly uselessly, my legs skyscrapered on
  permanent big-toe-tiptoe, my waist wasped at fifteen-inches, and my tongue
  imprisoned, I felt terribly alone. My arms ached from their folded-double stance.
  My superbly arched legs threatened to cramp. My rectum still wanted to eject
  the hideously humiliating tail that was fixed high hard and, where I was concerned,
  immovably into my bottom.  
I was alone vulnerable and frightened. Very frightened. I had never in my
  conscious life before been at the mercy, totally and helplessly at the mercy,
  of anybody and everybody who chose to use or abuse me.  
I was no longer free. My bonds imprisoned me as certainly as if I were behind
  locked bars. Even if I could beg for mercy, I would only be laughed at. My
  will was no longer my own, and I could not beg for mercy with my tongue so
  cruelly held fast.  
My choices were zero. I was wholly and utterly subject to the will of others,
  be they people I knew or complete strangers to whom I might be handed over.  
My will and my choice were totally non-existent. From now on I was wholly
  dependent, wholly at the mercy, wholly under the control, wholly at the whim,
  wholly subject to the will, wholly required to obey absolutely immediately
  and unquestioningly whatever others, whoever the others might be, chose to
  make me do.  
And I could be beaten. I was totally subject to the constraints of my bonds,
  but I could quite clearly and obviously also be beaten. Were I to demonstrate
  any resistance, or reluctance, or insufficient effort to comply with the commands
  I was given, I could be beaten.  
My fear showed in the flicking side-to-side of my gorgeous dark-brown eyes.
  I became nervous and skittish. I began to shift on my lovely long legs as I
  turned around as if looking for some way to escape.  
Then I saw the two women now back in front of me ready their riding-crops
  and I was very, very, frightened, becoming all the more skittish as a consequence.  
But Alena was the equal of the occasion, she quickly clipped a lead-rein
  on one of the two hoops at the ends of my mouth bit, and held it tight whilst
  stroking my nose, and cooing gently and demeaningly to me:  
"Dware, dware, dwently now, dwently. Twum on now, twum on Middy-Widdy-Pwerl.
  There's a good wickle pwoney. Middy-Widdy-Pwerl is a gwood wickle pwoney. Middy-Widdy-Pwerl
  doesn't weally want to wun away. There's a gwood wickle pwoney. A gwood wickle
  pwoney. Middy-Widdy-Pwerl is a bootiful wickle pwoney and wants to be a gwood
  pwoney doesn't she? Middy-Widdy-Pwerl is so pwitty-witty. Such a pwitty-witty
  wickle pwoney. Middy-Widdy-Pwerl is a gwood wickle pwoney. Dware now. That's
  bwetter. What a silly-willy wickle pwoney we were den. What a pwitty pwoney,
  what a pwitty pwoney.&hellip;&hellip;.."  
As I listened to and, to my shock and horror, actually became sexually aroused
  despite myself with this cruel insult to my human intelligence and the relationship
  it bore to my total helpless bondage, I calmed down, fearing that if I did
  not, I might be beaten.  
Alena kept hold of the lead-rein she had fitted to my mouth bit, and Fabrina
  fitted another to the other ring in case I had to be physically restrained.
  Tears trickled down my cheeks as they took turns to gently stroke downwards
  on my nose and coo soothingly. My humiliation seemed to be complete.  
I was now, after fully an hour, at long last fully in the bonds I must wear
  most of, at all times. I was now, after fully an hour, no longer a human being.
  I was now, after fully an hour, no longer Emma Jones. I was now, after fully
  an hour, fully and finally 'Midnight-Pearl', I was now, after fully an hour,
  fully and finally 'Midnight-Pearl' an unbroken wild wilful ponygirl.  
Now Alena confirmed my new status in the world, by giving me the strictest
  of orders for my future: "You are no longer Emma, you are now and forever "Midnight-Pearl
  the ponygirl. You have become one of a sub-human species bereft of all rights.
  You are lower in the world than an animal. You have become an item of goods.
  You can be treated as anyone pleases. There need never be any concern shown
  for your feelings: Ponygirls do not have feelings."  
I gasped with horror and, I cannot deny, with an increase in my sexual arousal.
  My absolute humiliation was arousing me. My cognac was moistening my lower
  lips. This was so perverse. This was so unnatural. It was terrible to me that
  I was betraying myself so openly, so animally. My nipples visibly pulsed. My
  clitoris throbbed. I was a girl and I was showing my girlness in my nipples,
  and it was not going unnoticed by these two beautiful strong women, my captors,
  my tormentors, my torturers.  
Giving a knowing smile acknowledging that both women knew my sexually aroused
  state, Alena continued my demeaning instructions: "You must do whatever you
  are made to do. You will never be asked. You will always be commanded. You
  must always do exactly as you are ordered. There need be no reservation about
  punishing any misbehaviour. Pain is all a ponygirl understands. A ponygirl
  must be controlled and bound and beaten to temper and control it, otherwise
  it is useless."  
I gasped again as my girlness caused my cognac to dribble and my nipples
  to peak.  
"The only worth a ponygirl has is to release a horse, a useful animal, for
  a better purpose. Accordingly, ponygirls, on sufferance, are put to work pulling
  ploughs in the fields, towing sawn logs in timber yards, pulling the carts
  bearing the milk-churns to the dairy, as dray horses for the brewery, and towing
  personal transport."  
Alena, announced all this purposely in my hearing, to drive home my helplessness
  and humiliate me absolutely utterly.  
And I was helpless. I was bound so tightly that I was totally helpless and
  that meant too that I was bound so tightly and in such a provocative way that
  I was also absolutely utterly humiliated by my bondage.  
"You are wild by nature Midnight-Pearl. You need to be thoroughly fully tamed
  and broken. You have Welsh blood in you Midnight-Pearl. Welsh fire that must
  run through your veins. But we can douse that fire and turn it to worthwhile
  use. You, my lovely angel, are going to the pony-farm for breaking-in and training."  
It was at this point that I became aware that all that had happened to me
  that morning had been filmed and that Alena's little speech had been recorded.  
The camera crews switched off. The lights were dismantled. I had been so
  blinded by the spotlights that I had not realised that a bevy of pretty girls
  were recording my tacking-out from behind those very spotlights. I had been
  so terrified at being woken in my sleep to be taken and tacked-out, that I
  had not had time to think out what the lights could possibly be for.  
I was down to one lead-rein attached to my mouth bit now, and Alena, my lecturer
  and personal counsellor, and now my very sexy stable-girl, took hold of that
  to take me out of her Fabrina's home to some vehicle outside whose heavy diesel
  engine had been throbbing annoyingly noisily through the walls of the house
  for some time now.  
For the first time I was to experience walking skyscrapered pirouette legged
  in my hooves, my feet arched back painfully and cruelly within them, to maximise
  the steepling of my super-erotic long legs and the curvature of my compelling
  calves.  
Alena tugged gently on my lead-rein, "Twum on Middy-Widdy-Pwerl, twum on
  now, we have got to gwet Middy-Widdy-Pwerl in that nice warmy horseybwoxy haven't
  we den? Twum on now Middy-Widdy-Pwerl&hellip;."  
I began to move. It was a relief to do so. I picked up my hooves and 'clumped
  forward on the carpeted lounge floor. At every step my wasped waist made me
  swing my buttocks girlilly, and my tail swished gently side-to-side, as did
  my unencumbered breasts in opposite motion to my tail.  
The tightness of my wasping band, the belt that forced my waist to a cruel
  egg-timer fifteen-inches, from its already naturally superb twenty-three, was
  such that it enhanced my wiggle, and even as I only walked my beautiful bottom
  swung into one neighbouring county and back, and then into the county opposite.  
I had always wiggled fully fascinating femininely, but this was something
  else by a million billion miles.  
As I walked in my waspie, I waggled my bottom uncontrollably like a stripper
  showing her wares at the end of her act. I wiggled my bum like a duck its tail.
  And I too now had a tail, and it swayed softly silently side-to-side, tickling
  my curvaceous calves with its nether end, as my bummy swung wildly, widely,
  mega-erotically: a pulchritudinous pendulum swinging like a matadors cape.
  And I was, as I moved, as mesmerisingly compelling in my super-emphasised gait,
  as any red rag would proverbially be before an angry bull.  
Rather than be taken through the hallway, I was being led to the door that
  went into Fabrina's kitchen in which I must cross the stone-tile floor to the
  further door that would take me directly into the outside world.  
I lifted my powerful gorgeously shapely tiptoed legs, and planted my hooves
  in turn, and in turn, swung my wonderful bum side-to-side, wide-to-wide, as
  I moved, and this just in walking. And for the first time, in the kitchen,
  on the hard floor of the kitchen, I heard the 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomp', of
  my hooves.  
My pretty pink tongue flickered sexily through the bit in my agape mouth

  as I fought to concentrate on walking in my humiliating bondage, my bummy swing-swishing
  and my tail swaying, as I mega-wiggled on gorgeous tip-of-top-of-big-toe-tiptoed
  legs, my massive bum-swinging caused by my nearly non-existent waist, my totally
  unencumbered incredible thirty-eight-inch breasts, flowing with the stomp,
  and swinging with the 'clomp', and bouncing with the jar of my tiptoed feet.  
I was a supreme girl extreemed by her erotic bondage.  
I was as beautiful and more as, and than, any and many an eighteen-year old
  girl, with the natural pre-eminence of my already incredible body confirmatorily
  cr&egrave;me-de-la-cr&egrave;med by my focused fitness and, even then, now
  taken beyond my seventh-heaveness to a seven-hundred-and-seventy-seventh heaven
  of overpowering erotic plus-perfection.  
"Twum on now Middy-Widdy-Pwerl. Twum on now&hellip;" coaxed Alena.  
"Oh god", I asked myself, "Why have they done this to me?" But as my bountiful
  bosom juddered and juggled and joggled and jiggled even as I merely walked
  in my hooves, I knew why.  
"Oh god", I asked myself, "Why me?" But as my beautiful bare bum swung wide-to-wide
  and wider-to-wider, I knew why.  
"Oh god why me?" My answer was in my incredible legs, so long, so strong,
  so supremely beautiful.  
"Oh god why?" And I knew that the sensitive intelligent glory of my beguiling
  face with my dark-brown eyes and my constant-kiss-proffering full negress'
  lips was my answer.  
As we approached the threshold of the door that was now being opened to take
  me out into the open air, the humiliation of my bondage and of the dreadful
  prospect of being exposed to the whole world totally naked and bound so cruelly
  as a ponygirl, suddenly hit me between my legs, and I emitted a helpless sexy
  little squeal, made strange and guttural because of my imprisoned tongue, as
  my cognac oozed inside my minx.  
This was a strange, strange feeling. I had never thought like this before.
  Why did I want the world to see me nude, to see me enslaved, to witness me
  being cruelly punished, strangely bound, and being forced against my will to
  perform like a filly for these girls, girls who carried whips to use on me
  were I to disobey them or try and challenge their total mistressy over me?  
I found it deeply sexually arousing to be so humiliated, so forced to behave
  sub-humanly, to be forced to strip totally nude and have no further right to
  clothes, to have to remain totally nude at all times like an animal.  
I emitted another little feminine squeak of sexual arousal. I had no choice
  but to go where they were leading me. No choice but to expose myself totally
  naked and bound prisoner for the pleasure of my tormentors who could take me
  where they pleased and do with me what they wished.  
I had a human's mind. I was an intelligent girl. But I was also girl in body.
  I was a girl: a very, very, beautiful girl.  
I was sexually aroused by what was happening. Extremely aroused. Shockingly
  aroused. My head-brain was screaming that this must not be allowed to happen:
  what was being done to me was cruel and unnatural. But the mind between my
  legs told me that I was a sexy bitch who deserved all she was getting and more.
  And my head-brain resigned, accepting that I must take my punishment like a
  girl.  
My progress was inexorable, 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomp',
  'clomp'. It was inevitable I would go through that door and be exposed naked
  as the day I was born and humiliatingly bound imprisoned. I gave another little
  girly moan as we approached the door, it was opened, and I felt the cold November
  breeze on my totally nude body as I was made to step outside.  
"Twum on Middy-Widdy-Pwerl, twum on now, there's a gwood ickle pwoneygirl&hellip;." coaxed
  Alena.  
I was outside. Before it really registered with me, I was outside. Bound
  as a ponygirl, being forced to go to the pony-farm. I was outside and my hooves
  were 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomp', on the concrete of the drive. As I was urged
  along, my gorgeous bum swung from side-to-side forced to do so even more than
  naturally by the wasping of my waist down to fifteen-inches, and my glorious
  udders swayed and swung and juddered and flowed divinely.  
I walked along at my full nineteen-hands on my divine legs, my thirty-eight-inch
  double-D-cup breasts swaying out wide of my body and then back toward each
  other, or in the same direction, or flouncing up and down, or knocking soundlessly
  wonderfully beautifully into each other, they were so wild and so free, as
  I super-wiggled along, my natural girl-gate multiplied a million-fold by my
  waist wasping saddle.  
I could of course see next to nothing because of my blinkers and that further
  cruelty and my helplessly bound body was turning me on wondrously.  
My cognac was oozing from the closed lips of my completely publicly exposed
  minx as I 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomped gracefully along. My total helplessness
  and this utterly extreme abuse of me as I wiggled along, were turning me on,
  overwhelmingly powerfully and my nipples were engorged and hard, and my clit
  had escaped its hiding-hood and was pulsing madly within my cognac filled minx.  
I was bondaged as a ponygirl. There had been talk of "breaking" me; there
  had been mention of a daughter and a gift. The stable-girls, my former friends,
  had whips. What were they going to do to me?  
We had come to a stop. A tall truck, dark-blue painted, was in front of me,
  its rear ramp lowered to ground.  
The ramp had horizontal wooden batten slats at intervals up it.  
The truck, a van, bore a white-painted legend on its dark-blue sides, on
  its dark-blue front, and on its dark-blue rear.  
The ramp had scatters of straw breeze blown onto it.  
The ramp led to a shadowy inside smelling of straw and sawdust.  
The van still had its diesel engine running.  
My hoof-clogs sounded a hollow echo around the open quadrangle at the rear
  of Fabrina's mansion, and a 'clump', 'clump', noise was drummed out by my tiptoed
  feet as I was led up the van ramp's steady, thirty-degree, slope.  
The van had a girl driver whose pretty face was hardly spoilt by her evident
  boredom. Yet, as she watched me from her leaning out the driver's-side cab
  door to look back, her boredom at the routine of picking-up "yet more cargo
  for the Spanish flight", showed unmistakably.  
Inside the van I was free, but the ramp was being lifted, and the top-door
  brought down to meet it in the middle.  
And the van's driver called back: "Gives us a bang on the doors when you've
  shut the bloody things will yer!?"  
And I had been led by my lead rein to the furthest darkest inside of the
  van.  
And I had felt a sharp needle prick me in the right cheek of my bum.  
And Fabrina and Alena had left me standing facing the furthest inside wall
  of the van, the wall behind the driver's cab.  
And the daylight had begun disappearing as the ramp was lifted, and the top
  door lowered, and the two doors met. And I had wiggled to the doors to try
  and escape, but it was too late and the doors were being locked shut.  
And the back of the van was given a bang by the flat of a hand, and the engine
  was revved-up, and the van began slowly to move.  
And for the first time I had time to think, and the absolutely true horror
  of what was happening to me made me scream.  
But my mind was going numb, and I slowly swooned to the floor, felled by
  whatever was in the needle I had felt when it had pricked my pretty bum.  
And the white painted legend on the dark-blue painted van's side&hellip;&hellip;.  
And the white painted legend on the dark-blue painted van's front&hellip;&hellip;  
And the white painted legend on the dark-blue painted van's rear&hellip;&hellip;  
All the white painted legends on the dark-blue painted van, simply read:
  'Horses'.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Rosamund   
Dawn had dawned not too while ago.  
Rosamund Kelly was sixteen.  
Rosamund was about to bathe, but there were necessary preliminaries.  
Some distance from the bank of the lake, among some bushes, between bushes,
  Rosamund found a patch of loose soil, and swept a hollow in it using sensitive
  hands with long slim fingers that, to judge by their dirty broken nails, had
  never ever been manicured, let alone seen a professional manicurist.  
Unselfconsciously and unconcernedly, having made her hollow, Rosamund lifted
  the hem of her ankle-length dress clear, as she squatted, thunderous thighs
  parted, on her delightful girl-confirmatory curved haunches and, preceding
  it with a copious torrent of freshest whitest wine from her bladder, proceeded
  to deposit two healthy turds, and then, after a momentary pause, a third turd
  of her excreta in the cesspit she had just made.  
Rosamund knew nothing of panties. Rosamund knew nothing of brassieres. Rosamund
  had known nothing of clothing save that her mummy had lately and latterly insisted
  she must now wear a dress because Rosamund's maturing body had begun to excite
  the other women and girls in the camp far too much.  
Rosamund was one-third Irish, one-third Spanish, and one-hundred-percent
  Gypsy, in the sense that she had also one-third of Gypsy blood, but this last
  third was steeped deep in her heart and soul.  
Brown as the proverbial nut from the tinting of nature and from her having
  gone almost always nude and always barefoot since she had been a child, until
  last week and the insistence on the inhibiting ankle-length dress her gorgeous
  bare unsupported uncontrolled and uncontrollable bosom was now excitingly teasingly
  roaming around within.  
Rosamund's black curls-within-curls-within-curls-curled-hair was tangled
  and wild as she: coiled springs intertwining down her back to her waist. Rosamund's
  eyes were browner than her exceptionally pretty face, but only just. Her lips
  were a natural full-bodied full-blooded passionate explosive red, and yet,
  yet to be kissed. She wore no makeup. Her beauty could not possibly be enhanced.  
Always moist lipped, Rosamund had the whitest strongest teeth sparkling in
  bright contrast from her tanned face when she smiled, and she smiled constantly:
  shyly constantly, not only with her teeth but with her lips and, above all,
  with her sparkling startling eyes.  
Rosamund Kelly knew nothing of education but spoke both English and Spanish
  fluently.  
Rosamund knew nothing of education, but was acutely intelligent, and had
  also long since discovered the power of her face and body. She knew she entranced
  other women and girls and that that was why she was now the girl used the most,
  from among all the girls in the camp, to sell the wooden clothes pegs and artificial
  flowers her nimble fingers assisted with manufacturing, around the towns her
  caravan visited through the year. Sales trips such as these were the only other
  times at which Rosamund had ever before worn clothing.  
Now she was no longer a child, Rosamund had also had to learn to walk rather
  than run everywhere, and she hated it.  
Her long dress rolled up and tied above her thus bared bottom, around her
  near non-existent-slim waist, to free her legs, she had just run the four miles
  from her encampment to the lake and was still as fresh and without breathlessness
  as she would be when she had run the four miles back again and even, had she
  chosen, four more beyond.  
It was five-thirty in the morning and Rosamund had run through the early
  mist of the day like a wild wraith, her bare feet, she never wore shoes, seeming
  hardly to touch ground. She had run-leaped leaving ground over fallen trees
  and rocks as if no obstacle could stay her wilful way, as indeed had always
  been so, as metaphorically as literally, and as literally as metaphorically,
  all her sixteen sweet years.  
Still squatting huge-thighed, shuffling forward from having deposited her
  cognac and droppings in her self-scooped hollow, Rosamund swept the soft soil
  she had pushed to the side to make her latrine, over her natural expellations,
  leaving them to the steps nature would take with them, beginning, as these
  already had, with the flies that hummed, homing precisely to settle on her
  fresh faeces, faeces still not yet entirely covered by the soil she was hand-shovelling.  
Up she now leapt, and off now came the hated long dress. Thrown carelessly
  over a tree stump. Rosamund cared not the slightest if it were torn or blew
  away. She was now au naturelle, as she was used to being, and as had turned
  her the all-over unblemished blameless brown that covered all bar the soles
  of her hands and the palms of her feet.  
Naked as nature and as wild and beautiful, Rosamund knew nothing of hesitation
  as she skipped with her supremely shapely legs and boundlessly bouncing breasts,
  down to the banks of the stream, and began to coat herself, even by rolling
  in it, in the clay that would act as the soap to wash her peerless body, when
  she eventually waded out and then began to swim, as she did, and as she did
  next after: as she did indeed every day when her family were camped in this
  part of Spain.  
She coated herself with the soft grey-to-white clay as she did each day.
  Rosamund filled her dainty hands and slowly completely unconsciously sensuously
  sexily, coated her beautiful young body.  
Oh how any onlooking girl would have gasped with desire as she coated her
  breasts, as if their astonishing soft firm boldness was of no consequence.
  And oh how she would giggle, like the highest gurgle of the tripping skipping
  brooklet, as she coated her face and caught her reflection in a pool next a
  pond next the lake in which she was about to slake beauty's need for cleanliness
  to restore its completeness.  
Rosamund's now grey-coated brown legs long down to dainty feet kicked up
  a splash as she into the water dashed, squealing with innocent delight as its
  coolness her breath took, as its depth grew so that her body could slide writhe
  glide through it, the water that flowed over her curved contours caressing
  the curvaceous curvature of a mermaid-maiden made more maiden than mermaid
  by lovely legs, not fishes tail, and thus more, by millennia of miracle more
  beautiful than mere mermaid. This was girl with lower limbs god had given to
  end the tale of the mermaids tail and thus stand tall, rather than unable to
  stand at all, her loveliest creation of all.  
The sun was slowly rising higher, and Rosamund would later dry in its loving
  warmth after she had bathed and swum to her hearts content, before she put
  back on, did she really have to, she hated it so much, before she put back
  on her dress, her only clothing: her clothing, the clothing she had, even at
  age sixteen, only just begun to regularly wear.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
It had happened the week before and Rosamund had escaped them.  
She could run faster than the wind, not as fast as they, but still quickly
  enough to defeat them by taking a path down which, despite their amazing speed,
  the two-wheeled chariots could not follow.  
She had been astounded when they had appeared. There had been three, each
  pulled by one pony, if pony it was.  
And the ponies that pulled the chariots! They were beautiful! They were astonishing!
  They were astounding! What legs they had: oh god what legs!!  
They were girls. There was no doubt they were girls. They were girls being
  used as horses. And oh god how they beat them! The charioteers thrashed them.
  The charioteers thrashed the poor girls who, bound, and bitted and blinkered
  and reined as horses, ponies more accurately perhaps, pulled and ran with the
  two-wheeled chariots to which they were tethered, with all their lovely might,
  on supremely beautiful legs wearing what must be hooves, as Rosamund had seen
  the hoof-marks left, between the obvious runs and ruts made by the chariots
  wheels when they had passed, where they had passed.  
It was savage and cruel, but oh hell's heavens how exotically exciting, yes
  even erotically exciting, it was to see them!  
Rosamund had been lucky to escape. The ponies had had formidable speed in
  short bursts. Rosamund could not outrun them, but she had staying-power in
  her favour and could leap where no wheels could go.  
She had giggled full-god-given-girlishly at the charioteers when she had
  leapt logs and they had had to rein their poor girl-ponies to a halt, chariot
  wheels scurrying up the dust as they slewed sideways under braking.  
Did they, did the charioteers, care for the poor girls who were being made
  to pull them along? Did they care after all?  
Rosamund had been staggered by the degree of obedience the girls enslaved
  as ponies had shown. Not for one second had they flinched from the path their
  mistresses had instructed them through reins and their whips to take.  
Did they, did the charioteers care for the poor girls who were being made
  to pull them? Did they care after all?  
They had, in the end, pulled on the girls' reins. The girls hauling the chariots
  had obediently continued running such that they would smash themselves into
  the logs, the trunks of the toppled trees on which Rosamund daintily stood,
  naked as nature, mocking her would be captors and ready to run furthermore
  further more. The ponygirls would have smashed into these if not stopped, if
  they had not been pulled up mercifully short by the hauling on their reins
  just short of the certainty of broken limbs. Such discipline!  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
I was being nuzzled. It was by no means an unpleasant sensation. I was being
  nuzzled awake by some strange creature that my mind, absented for a long while
  since by the injection in my bottom, was shocked to see.  
I had been dreaming I was at my desk in college being lectured by 'Prof'
  Alena naked. Alena was naked in my dream and discussing calculus with her students,
  myself among them, as if it were normalcy personified that a professor teach
  class nude. Then we were nude. The class was nude and Alena clothed and wielding
  a cane: such is the strangeness of dreams it seems.  
She, for she was undoubtedly female, the creature nuzzling me awake was definitely
  female: She was wearing nothing bar the hooves I also wore, with her wrists
  tied as mine still were to her upper arms, a rubber gag in place of a bit in
  her mouth, her waist squeezed extremely to extremity down to perhaps only thirteen-or-fourteen-inches,
  and a band across her forehead with red letters on a white flash announcing
  her, to my fluttering eyelids as I blinked myself back to consciousness, as
  'Flamenco-Firefly'  
Flamenco-Firefly, a tamed and trained ponygirl, as I was to find out later,
  had been put in my stall in trust to give me company and so that she could
  whiny for help if I needed any.  
I too was now rubber gagged, as was Flamenco-Firefly. She was kneeling and
  putting her gorgeous face on mine and, as I realise it now, 'kissing' me by
  rubbing noses: thereby willingly going beyond the strictest interpretation
  of her duties. Her duties being only to watch over my coming around from my
  being drugged for the crate they had put me in to fly me cargo, as cattle,
  from England to, where I assumed I now was: Spain.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
They had been better prepared during their second visitation: the charioteers.  
They had tethered their ponygirl pulled chariots some distance away from
  the lake, and on foot weaved their way to it, hiding from tree to tree, and
  now behind trees three, had spy-eyed from tree trio, as Rosamund had swum and
  idled in the lake, floating on her back, kicking her superbly shapely legs
  the while, watching the sky and innocently dreaming, as she occasionally turned
  over, diving dolphinly in the water, the soft swell savouring superbly supremely
  streamlined she.  
By the simple act of dismounting, they had got her. By surprise they had
  won their prize.  
Rosamund had been betrayed by her ankle-length dress, the dress she abhorred
  wearing.  
They had sneak-snatched it whilst she swam, and crudely fastened closed the
  neck of the dress.  
They had had to be quick. They had put bent pins galore in the neck of the
  dress so as to close it off, and then scattered the dress back over the tree
  trunk Rosamund had first cast it over, ensuring it looked as discarded as when
  Rosamund had thrown it, but also so that the sealed up neck did not show.  
Rosamund was in no hurry that morning; she was loving her swim and the sweetness
  the washing off of the clay mud, nature's soap, brought to her pores.  
Eventually though, she had glided to a rock onto which she had climbed and
  sat her divine body, the body of a girl in her early spring, glistening with
  the droplets sparkling on and trickling down her achingly astonishing soft
  skin, as she worked her fingers through her tousled hopelessly tangled kinks
  using the only apology for a comb she had ever yet used in her sweet young
  life, her fingers, as her heavy firm breasts floated and swung unrestrainedly,
  never ever restrained, free as eternity, even whilst her gentle breathing of
  the air she sweetened by taking it into and breathing it out of her, also heaved
  her handsome bosom.  
In a moment, in a movement, alive lissom and catlike as she: she, Rosamund,
  had next leaped from the rock to the dry ground that banked that part of the
  lake, and lithed her luscious legs-long along to where she had left her dress.  
For seconds then, she had stopped still naked nude and looked around her.  
Rosamund was a girl close to nature and her seventh and eighth senses, let
  alone her sixth, seemed to be telling her, 'beware!'.  
Had she spotted a careless telltale footprint from when the huntresses' had
  grasped the dress to pin up its neck? The hidden and hiding charioteers looked
  silently concernedly at each other.  
They were indeed huntresses and Rosamund their quarry. Gaynor and Fabrina
  would have them whipped if they failed to catch her this time; that much was
  for certain. They would probably also be broken back to the ranks as mere stable-girls
  too.  
At long lingering last, Rosamund picked up her dress, and rolled up its hem
  ready to put it over her incredible dark curls, the curls on her head: the
  tight dark curls tumbling every which way on and from her head, dark curls
  only outmatched by the shorter tighter darker curls surrounding her maiden
  minx.  
Then she had stopped again and looked around, sniffing the air for danger
  it almost seemed.  
Now, just before putting her arms through the dress' sleeves and lifting
  it to pull it over her head, she had smiled irresistibly sweetly: and then
  next? And then next staggered and reeled almost drunkenly, as peels of her
  innocent laughter rang out appealingly musically, because her dress covered
  her face and chest and down to her knees, but she could not pull it over herself
  any further.  
As she fought to pull her dress fully over her head, with no suspicion it
  had been spiked so as to prevent her so doing, Rosamund had danced and swayed,
  twisted, staggered, and spun like a top on the tips of her toes, all but rolling
  with bubbling gurgling giggles, her soprano squeals and squeaks of delight
  echoing sweet song on the summer breeze among the trees, pealing in waves as
  she stopped only to gasp for helpless breath, pausing to gulp air between her
  paralysing paroxysms, tears running down her cheeks from her unstoppable unstaunchable
  lovely loving laughter, the birds momentarily silenced by her music, the sound
  of godsent girly giggles that no mere birdsong could match for their deeply
  significant innocent invoking provoking profound confounding confiding consoling
  solely soulful sexiness.  
In a trice, two lassos were around her and a third had missed its target.  
A lasso loop hoop silently dropped over Rosamund's dress encumbered head,
  and down to her naked ankles. Whipped tight in a millisecond, it dumped her
  on her divine derriere in the dust, winding and suddenly silencing her.  
In a trice, two lassos were around her and a third had missed its target.  
A second lasso found home over Rosamund's head and around her lovely arms
  at the elbow as she sat, clamping her arms to her side where she sat on her
  bum, stunned when the ankle encompassing lasso had been pulled tight to rope
  her in.  
In a trice, two lassos were around her, and in sudden shock, after a long
  moment of astounded stillness: As the loose rope ends of the lassos were wrapped
  tightly around to cocoon and helpless-bundle her, Rosamund had began to try
  and kick, and to scream for real, and to fight for her freedom against inevitability:
  against the inevitability, did she but know it then, of being forced to become
  'Flamenco-Firefly'.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
They were gentle and brutal with me.  
A bevy of pretty girls came into the stables where I lay curled in the dusty
  sneezey straw. I was in a stall; my new home but that I did not know that yet.
  I was in one of a half-dozen or maybe eight or ten stalls, each with a girl
  bound as I was in it: bound to obey and thus bound to obey.  
There must have been two pretty girls for every stall: I mean from the bevy
  of beauties that wiggled and giggled in to greet the dawn. They ranged in age
  from around fourteen, upwards to no more than seventeen.  
They were all naked, save that they walked in brown leather knee boots, riding
  boots, but with ballet-shoe-style squared toes on the tips of which they stood,
  soles reinforced and rigid to hold them en pointe permanently: no heels, on
  the tiptops of their toes, with no heels, as if it were as natural to them
  as they had walked entirely on tiptop tiptoe with no heels on their boots and
  shoes since they were babies.  
There were at least sixteen or more of them, two for each of eight, or, as
  I later confirmed, ten stalls in my stable block: or thirty-two to a gross
  of them if we are talking extremely pretty legs, and very pert very firm many
  mostly newly budded breasts.  
They were shaven. Their pretty pod's had been completely depilated though
  they were clearly post puberty.  
Any number of them appeared to be of Chinese extraction and the word 'doll'
  does not even begin to define their delicate prettiness.  
Their hair in twin pigtails ended with ribbons, these little girls, many
  with big brown innocent sigh eyes, were pony obsessives, and our stable-girls.  
I was lying on the straw in a stall, the stall of a stable somewhere in Spain
  I assumed: as I was yet to confirm.  
Two of the pretty little fourteen-year-olds drove Flamenco-Firefly away from
  me and back to her own stall, calling her "naughty girl" when they found her
  nuzzling me, nose-to-nose.  
Initially I was allowed to continue to stretch in the straw, but opted of
  my own choice, after a while, to stand, on luscious legs still wibble-wobbly
  from my having been heavily drugged and my being still unused to standing forced
  onto the very top tips of my big toes within my hoof-clogs.  
In a moment, a lovely little Chinese angel had slipped off my rubber gag
  bit, to allow me to drink and eat if I desired, though I did not as yet appreciate
  that that was what she had removed my head harness for.  
She was, as I noted later, one of Flamenco-Firefly's two stable-girls, my
  own being yet to arrive with me.  
I looked around the stall, still staggering with my dozy dizziness, swaying
  and staggering like a newborn foal, from my having been knocked out for the
  air trip.  
There, in the stall, I saw a manger full of a liquid mix of what looked very
  like grass, and some sweet smelling fibrous material I thought could be oats
  or maybe bran. Next to the food manger, was a trough of water. And the realisation
  why Alena had trained me to eat and drink with just my lips and tongue was
  already beyond dawning in my mind as treasonous treachery.  
The extreme tightness of my saddle-band, the brutal belt forcing my waist
  down to just fifteen-inches from its extremely slim natural twenty-three, was,
  as yet, controlling my appetite and I had no desire to eat. Nonetheless, I
  surrendered my dignity, as I must, to bend over the trough and lap up water,
  copiously sucking with my adorable kiss-constant-proffer-offer proud negress'
  lips, to slake a thirst that raged, perhaps from my being drugged and so long
  in an unnatural sleep in consequence.  
In dizzy daze I then turned and looked with only half-seeing eyes at the
  ponygirls, for I accepted now that that was what the bound-up girls I was among
  were and, indeed, what I was to be made to be too. I stared with half-awake
  eyes particularly at the ponygirl in the stall opposite mine. It was: no: she
  was, Flamenco-Firefly.  
How naturally lovely this girl was. She moved with such grace as would disgrace
  a goddess to compare if she dare. Her legs were leagues long, and equally as
  strong as they were beautifully curve-muscled and sensuously sinewed. Her boastfully
  bold bouncy breasts had obviously never been borne by a bra. Her flawless flesh
  was as brown as gravy from nature and the smiling sun's constant kiss.  
She was nature incarnate, her fiery brown eyes, equalled by her pink-brown
  nipples in compelling attention to her complicated simple completeness. And
  the black of her hair and her fur, her head hair and her minx fur, both curled
  tight as might, kissing curls aswirl whirring winding and whirling to her neck's
  nape and between thighs that did not hide her magnificent mound&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..But then something really horrible happened right
  before my very eyes: something really really dirty and sick-making.  
Even as I looked, Flamenco-Firefly, walking around in her tiptoe hoof-clogs,
  openly peed on the straw in her stall. She just walked around peeing. She just
  peed on the straw as she walked around her stall, completely openly and unselfconsciously,
  even whilst she seemed to be moving to her manger to eat, for goodness sake!  
And then after she had peed, she parted with a secretion of her faeces which
  flopped at her feet, and which her hoofed right foot soon after trod on, as
  if she were incapable of thinking and minding her step. How could she be so
  filthy?  
I was nauseated and dismayed at this disgusting animalistic display. How
  could such a beautiful girl as Flamenco-Firefly behave in such a degrading
  and demeaning way?  
And yet, as I looked further along, in the stall next to Flamenco-Firefly's,
  two stable-girls, of Asian-Indian origin and light-brown skin that almost shone
  with its transparent soft smoothness, were using a pitchfork to scatter fresh
  straw over the evidently overnight-ejected, still steaming turds of a brilliantly-bright-light-blue-eyed,
  perhaps Swedish or Norwegian, blonde, whose stall bore the name 'Laser-Dream'.  
These astonishingly astounding outstandingly beautiful girls were or had
  been urinating and defecating on the ground like animals!  
Even as I looked further along still, at another white girl, was she English
  or American, 'Liberty-Belle' was the name on her stall, Liberty-Belle was bending
  over her manger, licking up food, even though the solid proceeds of her recent
  animal duties were caking and drying on the back of her handsome calves. And
  Liberty-Belle's piss was pouring to ground even whilst she ate! I watched in
  total nightmare horror and rising nausea!  
Nobody batted an eyelid as Laser-Dream nextly pissed again whilst she drank
  from her water trough. Her pretty stable-girls merely leant on their respective
  broom and pitchfork, whilst Laser-Dream pissed openly copiously, and then paused
  a while to see if she was going to drop her faeces, before they simply got
  on with tumble overturning her straw.  
Just exactly what hell was I in?! These girls, these lovely creatures, these,
  the finest examples of nature's finest creation, were walking around urinating
  and even defecating as unconcernedly as animals! It was horrible! It was really
  and truly nauseatingly horrid!!  
Just exactly what hell was I in?!  
So much was going on among the lovely giggles and chatter of the bevy of
  stable-girls, naked as nature and chirpily cheeky and cheery as they busied
  themselves, admirably efficiently, with the duties they loved, among the ponygirls
  they adored to serve, that my mind could not focus on any one activity, let
  alone decide whether what I was witnessing was reality or a dream of the darkest
  sharpest sharkest horror: when I discovered that I was crying.  
I had trodden in some faeces left perhaps by a previous occupant of my stall.
  It had made me realise, my gall rising, that I could have been lying in it
  when still unconscious from the knockout injection I had been given.  
At the misadventure of my clog-hoofed foot and the thought that spun off
  from it, I felt the soft soulful sweetness of the tiny twin trickle of tired
  tears curving to contour my cheeks and then dew on my luscious proud ever-a-kiss-proffering
  pert negress' upper lip in pearly diamonds. Without sob or sound I was crying
  with heartbroken helpless hopelessness.  
Squeezing my long-lashed eyelids closed to make this horror go away as I
  wished it would, only caused my tears to drip and puddle at the bottom of my
  dark-as-sin brown orbs, and then to waterfall onto my soft cheeks, making my
  lower lashes rainbow consequently, with light spectrummed by their saturation.  
In reflex, I flinched away in surprise as I opened my weeping eyes after
  my closing eyelids had wrung more tears to drip down my soft cheeks, to find
  the gentlest of gentle hands caressing my tear soaked face.  
"We no cwy" said a sweet voice so melodic in its soprano soothingness that
  I sobbed and cried the more for its loving gentleness.  
"We no cwy" said the little Chinese angel stroking my face and touching my
  full naturally permanently-pouting lips so gently that, in pure reflex, I lip-brushed
  the palm of her balming hand.  
"We no cwy. We bwave!" she sweetly coaxed as I saw her, a shimmering vision
  of doll-pretty loveliness through the globes of tears that soaked my gorgeous
  eyes.  
"Twum on now! We bwave wickle gwirl. We proud we 'Midnight-Pwerl'!"  
Her equally exquisitely pretty companion had joined us, and was strapping
  a rubber bit between my teeth as the first little maid: 'Kim Kai' continued
  to comfort me with all the sweet gentleness of a fourteen-year-old girl's love
  for the suffering animal she saw in me and saw me as.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon, my allotted stable-girls, attached a lead rein to my
  bit, and gently tugged to instruct me to go with them. And so I wiggled with
  my bottom swinging like the devil's pendulum from the tightest of tightness
  of my fifteen-inch waist, enticing exciting and inviting as I swing-swung my
  bold brown bare buttocks without the tail that had been cruelly inserted hitherto
  and I must wear again where it was worn when its turn came.  
I 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomp', 'clomped' on tiptoes within my wooden clog-hooves,
  divine leggy legged, obediently behind the young girls, who guided me gently.  
I had dried my tears, but was fighting the pins and needles in my arms, still
  bound up as they were, with my leather strapped wrists chained tightly, arms
  thus bent double at the elbow, hands dangling helplessly, to a strap around
  their respective top of upper arms, at top of biceps.  
My udders swung silently slowly side-to-side, or nodded sagaciously wise
  one would assume from the pretty plunges they freely dived and divinely sprung
  up from in their firm brown soft turns, or together, or individually, or as
  one wisely nodded or swung to out-nod or out-swing its twin, and its twin then
  nodded and swung more to catch up, my huge areoles like pink-brown headlights
  with tiny peaked central bulbs to beam and dance their light before the sight
  of the site I filled and fuelled with my perfect delight.  
We stopped momentarily in the cold dawning air of morning Spain to greet
  two other stable-girls who hosed the faeces off my hooves with soft cold water.  
Hai Moon and Kim Kai led me to a ring in the wall, the stable wall, where
  they tied the short lead rein that led to my mouth bit, and began to foam my
  legs in readiness for shaving them as I gently chomped on my rubber bit.  
As I gently chewed on my rubber bit, my mind goodness knows where, in its
  longing to escape, Kim Kai stropped a cutthroat razor whilst Hai Moon meticulously
  flowed its dangerously sharp twin along the endless curvature of my right thigh
  the while, biting down lightly on her tongue which she stuck out from her mouth
  and flickered at its pointed end to increase her concentration on shaving my
  wonderful legs, tensioning each patch of thigh as her razor grew nigh and sweeping
  it over me more gently than a sigh.  
With swapping razors and stropping without stopping, I received the closest
  shave from these pretty girls in the highest speed with the most brilliant
  skill, even down to the down at my bikini-line, which was now boldly delineated
  as an instant step from flesh to dark-brown fuzzy fur. They also shaved my
  neck and tidied my short-cropped curly head hair.  
Why did I not even try to run?  
I can answer that only with another question: where would or could I have
  run to?  
I knew only that I was in Spain; or rather, I assumed I was in Spain as that
  had been the offer that Alena had made to me when she had had me in very preliminary
  ponygirl training at Fabrina's mansion.  
As I was being shaved, all I could brave, was a look at the stone stable
  wall, so tightly was I tethered to the ring in it. But in the background I
  could hear a hubbub of girls' voices and laughter and shouts of: "whoa!!" and "steady,
  steady, steady now!" and "giddup there!" and "good gal! There's a good gal!!" among
  the constant clatter and clomp of hooves on the cobbles in which I stood in
  my tiptoe hoof-clogs myself.  
And in between those, clattering the air with a constant harsh hard rhythm,
  with silent intervals between, I heard: 'tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang;
  tang-tang clang-clang; tang-tang clang: tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang; tang-tang
  clang-clang; tang-tang clang'' and then 'hssssssssssss'.  
The spare soap and shavings washed of me with a douche sloshed, ice-coldly
  and goose-pimply from buckets down my derriere and confronting my private pod,
  untethered, I was turned and watched the throbbing bobbing breasts of the sweat-shiny
  farrier, as she beat out her relentless rhythm with two taps of her hammer
  on her anvil to weigh its poise, before each one or two taps on the pony-shoe
  she was preparing, and then the hiss of once red hot metal being cooled to
  zero when she thrust a satisfactory shoe swiftly into her trough, and took
  the next iron, heating in her fire, or pumped her bellows to heap the flames
  higher, before bending skilfully to shape the next initially red hot iron shoe
  with heavy hammer tread, her leather apron tied around her waist and not covering
  her chest, spotted where sparks must have flown and her nipples surely threatened
  by sparks as she was otherwise nude, apron and eight-inch heeled black leather
  booties aside.  
I was clomping on my tiptoed legs, my bottom swerving swiftly from side to
  side as my wasped waist snaked me, toward another stone building, where I immediately
  upon entering, recognised Alena and Fabrina.  
And would you believe that despite that they had coerced me into the horrible
  fate I was enduring, I wanted to trot up and greet them as friends?!  
"&hellip; Girl-cart", I thought I heard Fabrina say.  
They seemed to be the last words on an instruction sheet headed 'Midnight-Pearl'
  that Fabrina had had in her hands, fixed on a clipboard she was now casting
  to one side as I was clomped in on the end of my lead rein.  
What strange words, and how did it fit into the jigsaw of horror that was
  being pieced together with me at its centre?  
'Girl-cart'? Was what Fabrina had just cast aside part of some kind of announcement
  that would be made to me as I stood before them all, my two lovely stable-girls
  who had been so gentle and loving with me, and Fabrina and Alena who had so
  callously betrayed me?  
I watched Alena's eyes as she surveyed my naked bound body from head to toe
  and toe to head and back again. I could see in her pupils widening how much
  she desired what she could see. But she never offered to speak, let alone acknowledge
  me as her student and fellow human-being, friend, and would be lover: her fellow
  girl. She just ogled me as if I were girl-meat, and showed in her eyes that
  she lusted for what she could see of me.  
I lifted my eyes to look her straight in hers, and she just looked right
  past me and then turned away: she purposely turned away and ignored me.  
Oh how that hurt! Oh how it hurt to know I was being seen now only as if
  I were an inferior!  
I tied to talk despite my bit gag.  
Hai Moon pulled gently on my rein, whispering: "No be nwarty gwirl. Midnight-Pwerl
  gwood ickle gwirl!"  
I wanted to scream that I was a girl: I was as human as they: as much a girl
  as they: "Oh god I am a human being just as human as you are! Don't do this
  to me. Oh please heaven don't do this to me!!!"  
I was beginning to get fretful, and the echo of my hooves as I shifted on
  my tiptoed feet clattered around the huge barn I was now in. Hai Moon pulled
  on my rein to control me, and Kim Kai attached another lead rein to my bit
  to try to keep me steady.  
"Whoa! Whoa! Gwood gwirl, be gwood gwirl. Steady now! Steady! Easy gwirl.
  Easy now ickle gwirl!"  
"Watch she doesn't kick" Fabrina warned as I pulled on my lead reins to fight
  my capture, hurting my mouth in inevitable consequence.  
"Just watch she doesn't kick!" Fabrina repeated.  
I would never have kicked the lovely little stable-girls: they were adorable;
  but to kick Alena or Fabrina if I could get near with my hooves&hellip;&hellip;..if
  only I could near with my hooves&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;!  
Each call to me to relax from my rising fear and the consequent clattering
  of my echoing hooves as my beautiful legs beat a dervish's dance on the cobbles,
  only added to my skitter-scatter nervousness, until that is, until Kim Kai
  began to stroke my nose with her bent forefinger.  
She, Kim Kai, knew her ponygirls. She was only fourteen, and only just fourteen
  at that, but she had been among ponygirls all her short life, and knew, though
  never officially taught, she knew how to calm a skittish ponygirl, and she
  gently stroked my nose as she cooed: "Dwers a gwood ickle Midnight-Pwerly whirly" as
  she pushed something between my gag-parted lips, and I tasted the sweetness
  of a rewarding sugar-lump melting on my bit gagged tongue as I obediently settled
  down once more.  
I settled slowly. I could not and would not do anything to hurt the gorgeous
  gentle kind and loving stable-girls. I calmed myself in that thought, as well
  as the realisation I was in the wrong location and the wrong situation as of
  present, to try to escape.  
What immediately followed seeing me settle to comparative calmness, was a
  mistressclass in denouncement from Fabrina to my two adorable-doll Chinese
  stable-girls.  
Fabrina's voice never rose above a whisper, but lacked nothing of piercing
  clarity and unchallengeable condemnation as it posed question after rhetorical
  question, her tone hissing like poison snakes off the echoing walls of the
  high-roofed barn we were in.  
"Where is her tail?"  
"Have you cleaned her teeth?"  
"Why has she not been smoothed with sunscreen?"  
"Is she not an initiate?"  
"Is she not, as you were told, still technically a foal?"  
"As she is an initiate / a technical-foal, why is she not shaven?"  
Hai Moon and Kim Kai's heads sank lower and lower as they were dressed down
  by Fabrina's inexorable cold condemnation.  
"Do you wish to continue the privilege of being educated at the 'Equine School
  De Espa&ntilde;ola'?" Fabrina continued.  
"You are both doing so brilliantly in the classroom: so why do you let yourselves
  down so badly out of lesson hours, by being so completely incompetent?"  
"You did so well with Flamenco-Firefly. Flamenco-Firefly was given you, as
  what we said at the time was a last chance, because you had done so appallingly
  with Liberty-Belle. And now? And now, are we back to another and very much
  the absolute last chance for you?"  
"We took your whip and spur tassels away because of Liberty-Belle. I was
  minded to return the spur award, to say that you had earned your spur tassel
  at least, when I saw the work you had done with Flamenco-Firefly."  
"You can forget the award tassels now: you will have to find something else
  to dangle from your lovely little nipples; though there are no rewards this
  school gives that can be worn with such pride.  
As for real whips as such &hellip;&hellip;..well, you will be whipped, both
  of you will be whipped, if you do not pull your act together now: right now:
  not in the next hour, not in the next minute, not in the next second, but right
  now!"  
Fabrina's demolition of Kim Kai and Hai Moon was total, and I saw their sweet
  tears drip to terra firma, as they dare not even sob for fear it would displease.
  My heart cried out for them in their sweet innocence.  
"Carry on with your duties. Put right your wrongs before you start classes,
  and I will let this go. But you will be out of this school faster than Liberty-Belle
  can run, if you break, even just fractionally break, even one more code", Fabrina
  concluded.  
For these lovely little girls, the prospect of expulsion from the equine
  school did not threaten any diminution in the standard of their classroom education,
  but would break their poor hearts, as they would never again be able to brush
  or wash or shave or exercise or stroke or pet or perform the menial offices
  of 'mucking-out' the faeces and urine saturated straw in the stalls of the
  gorgeous 'Liberty-Belle' an American girl as I was to learn, the fascinating
  highly strung 'Koala-Bare', a willowy Australian catwalk model, or 'Ice-Queen',
  the supremely blonde Finnish girl, or 'Laser-Dance' the Swedish lovely with
  the fascinating penetrating eyes, or 'Calypso-Canter' a mixed-race Chinese-negress
  from Trinidad, or 'Noblesse-Oblige' a gorgeous tall serenely queenly black
  girl from Sudan, or 'Made-Maid' a former highly-paid and oft head-hunted businessgirl
  from London England, or 'Fuego-Fury' from Chile, or, above all, the surely
  unsurpassable natural beauty of the fiery and headstrong Flamenco-Firefly,
  the Irish Spanish Gypsy girl.  
Kim Kai lovely naked bottom juddered as she tiptoe tore out of the barn I
  graced with my tip-top-tiptoed allure, running to fetch my tail to where Hai
  Moon once more, once more now led me to tether me: to where I had been tethered
  to be shaved: to where my totally tantalising legs had been shaved.  
Towed by fourteen-year-old Chinese doll Hai Moon pulling gently on my lead
  tether, my comparatively grown-up girl's tight-saddled waist above my grinding
  hips, whipped my want-nothing wanton wicked bottom wildly, wide to side, side
  to wide in Satan's rhythm, as I simply walked: my posterior so powerfully potent
  with motion-potion that one would have to be posthumous not to enjoy, whatever
  one's predisposition or predilection, being positively pole-axed by it.  
I could have escaped at this juncture. My mind was full of the sorrowful
  pain of being ignored, completely snubbed by Alena. But equally, I felt softhearted
  loving care for the hurt the charming little Chinese stable-girls had just
  had in the withering assessment by Fabrina of their total lack of performance.  
I could have escaped at this juncture. I was only being controlled by one
  little schoolgirl: her companion was just now wiggle-trotting around the corner
  to rejoin us with my tail: my tormenting torture trail tale, my telltale tail.
  I could have escaped; but that I should become thereby the probable consequent
  cause of these lovely little angels being whipped, was more that I could bear
  to think of.  
The powerful fear Hai Moon felt was palpable as she panicked over tethering
  me to shaving-foam my luxuriant between-legs curls, the curls that swirled
  around that which pronounced me pre-eminently girl. And my fear as she neared
  with the cutthroat razor to raze my curls to stubble, and my stubble to soft
  brown bare skin, to mark out, as if by flashing neon signs, so obviously pronounced
  and shoutingly announced would it be by my resultant nudity, that I was, despite
  my eighteen-years, a completely intact virgin: a 'foal' in girl-farm parlance,
  was making me nervously skitter once more.  
Then came an inhuman human scream of the most agonising pain imaginably unimaginable,
  from, I was sure, Noblesse-Oblige, her deep distinctive contralto distinguishable
  despite, no doubt, the bit between the teeth of the nubile Nubian Sudanese,
  the tall girl so black she shone, the tall girl with the regal majesty so natural
  to her, during whatever had been done to her: and oh the dreadful smell of
  something scorching, and her sobs and cries and the clearly agonised gasps,
  that rang around the courtyard smell and yells both, as I once more began to
  become skittish and my shaving had to be postponed till I could be calmed.  
Oh god what kind of hell was I in?!  
Kim Kai took the razor as Hai Moon settled me, and its supreme fully stropped
  shimmering sharpness stripped me of my pubic posies to pose me publicly as
  pre-pubic positioned in my love-life: a girl exposed as untouched and untaken:
  a girl who was having removed from her pubis and pod petals the medals awarded
  to reward experience undertaken; a girl whom love had so far forsaken: a girl
  with hymen hymned unaltered in her altar: a novice, a know-not, a had-not,
  a virgin unvisited, unviolated: a girl whose magical beauty had still the mystery
  of her pristine citadel to be ripped ripe from nun none, even to won one.  
And oh the dreadful shame as my pubis and pod lips were shaven and I stood
  with my nude minx shouting to the world that I was a virgin, an eighteen-year
  old girl who knew nothing of love or sex.  
Tears started in the corners of my eyes as I realised that I was being purposely
  shamed by the show between my legs, that all was new between my legs, that
  all I knew between my legs was that there had been nothing between my legs,
  that I was all virtue and virgin and vulnerable and as inexperienced as the
  disappearance of my pubic curls confirmed: that indeed I might just as well
  be, as I virtually was through my vain virginity, a pre-pubescent girl: an
  eighteen-year-old girl yet to earn her curls.  
And the dreadful scream from Noblesse-Oblige and the smell of whatever was
  burned and the shame of my shaving, oh god why, was, why oh why, was, oh no
  please, was, oh please no why, let me know why, why oh why, why, why, why,
  oh please why, oh heaven, please in heaven why, why, why, why, the scream the
  dreadful scream of inexplicable incredible unendurable pain and my nude shame
  was wetting my pod, oh god I was wetting, my minx was whetted and wetted and
  keened and keening and I was as moist as a melon, warm wanting and wanton,
  and bowed and shamed at my maiden minx's arrival at arousal.  
My nipples danced and were entranced and enhanced as Hai Moon began to moisturise
  my skin with a tinted tincture to protect my soft girlness from the sun's beat
  on flesh with its heat. And my moistness, not just the moistness of my brown
  flesh caressed by my gentle adorably pretty fourteen-year-old stable-girls,
  but the moistness within my maiden's minx, grew and flowed as I glowed with
  the protective ointment, and the little girls were near to my breasts.  
Oh god please help me, Kim Kai and Hai Moon were near my breasts with the
  cream for my breastal dreams. And they girlhandled my chest's medallions, my
  melons my mounds, my profound girl-confirmatory monumental mammaries. And I
  closed my eyes and rolled them to heaven behind my eyelids as I fought what
  I did not want to fight, as these fourteen-year-old schoolgirls made virtual
  love to my sensitive body, though seemingly insensible of the lust they were
  causing me, and my mouth bit on my gag bit as I gagged to fight with all my
  might the girl-arousal that was paramount and mounting still with the skill
  of the little maid's hands glossing my glorious brown skin by gliding over
  my huge breasts and their impertinent insolently mid-pointed nipples.  
I took the re-insertion of my tale resignedly. The plugging by the bent dildo
  of my anus with the resulting insulting swinging confirmation of my transference
  from humanity to animality in the eyes of my tormentors, was filmed by a returned
  crew of cameragirls, who would be in trouble soon for lazing abed when they
  were to have risen before dawn, had they not ignored their alarms for one more
  kiss of each others damned-devil-desirable lips: a kiss that had led, lain
  still but not still in bed, to two pods desperate to be fed and feed need;
  and greed only satiated by an hour of leisured pleasure, in divided-treasure-eager-beaver-soixante-nerf.  
And my eyes were aglaze and my slink was lubriciously lubricated as with
  long lissom legs and with my minx ablaze, Fabrina taking over, overtaking the
  little schoolgirls who to their school desks now skitter scatter scadaddled,
  I was led by my tether to the blacksmith's forge, my tail swinging long and
  wide, side-to-side, lifting from my anus up to dangle down and tangle brushingly
  with my tiptoe tension torsioned calves.  
Can anybody, just anybody please just explain my body? As I swung my wasped-waist-enforced-devil-may-care-rear
  like a sidesman's censer, my tail swishing aswing, a pendulumed announcement
  of my pronounced girlity, the smell of the searing became clearer, as we neared
  the blacksmith, and yet my surrender increased as did the slick at the lips
  of my nude shaven minx.  
I knew fear and fear was foremost; but I knew no choice and no voice, and
  obedience had penetrated my timbre as I wiggle-walked without daring, indeed
  without thinking I had a dare within me, to challenge the right to treat me
  this way, as my bare bottom swung and swayed both and each way.  
I knew that the sear and the scorch were one and the same as Noblesse-Oblige's
  pain. And yet I was being led nearer to the epicentre of that clearly horrendous
  happening, without resistance.  
I realise now that my path was lubricated: that my minx was my mind. Sure
  I felt terrified, but my terror caused my minx to flow at what I did not know.
  But when I did know, oh hell and heaven, how quickly did my slithering slot
  slaver?!  
Fabrina led me into a shelter at the blacksmith's forge. The farrier, busy
  with her constant fire, did not even turn her black-haired head to look to
  see who had been brought in as Fabrina tethered me to a rail facing a wall.  
"Fuckin' burnt mesen on the 'andle of that brandin' iron!" the blacksmith
  cursed to nobody and anybody.  
"All the fuckin' years, I've bin in the fuckin' trade, and I goes and burns
  me fuckin 'and on a brandin' iron 'andle. Would yer fuckin' believe it? Shud
  a worn me fuckin' gluv eh?"  
"Still, there'll never be no doubt now: no doubt as that there black beauty
  belongs to the Circle-C."  
"Fancy wastin' an incredible 'oney like that'n on pulling a fuckin' plough
  for gord's sake!"  
"Circle-C Farm?! They must be rollin' in fuckin' poneygirls to waste a 'orny
  'oney like that there whatwer 'er fuckin' name: 'Knobble &ndash;Thingy'. There's
  bin some lovely ponies through 'ere; but talk abart a fuckin' beauty&hellip;..'Grace'
  does yer call it? Fuckin' disgrace to put 'er to plough that much I does know&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;"  
&hellip;&hellip;.Her monotonous mono-conversation stopped as she heard a
  trickling noise.  
"Oh fuckin' 'ell" she cursed, with a hint of gentle understanding despite
  her crudity.  
She had cursed because she had turned at the sound of a trickle. She had
  cursed because she had turned to see the cause of the sound. She had cursed
  because she had turned to see my shimmering shiny droplet wet legs, and that
  I stood in a puddle of my pee, as in my fear at the sight of the branding iron
  just used to mark a 'C'-within-a-circle on poor Noblesse-Oblige, I had let
  go my bladder, and my urine had snaked around my wonderful legs to smack on
  the ground at my feet.  
That was the state of my unslaked fear!  
Oh god what kind of hell was I in?!  
And the deep humiliation of this? Oh no, and oh why oh why, I was slippery
  in my slot once more, not from the last drops of my cognac, but from a soulful
  slick that my sundered pee-pod was producing in wonder abunder. I was being
  girl in such a strange context, yet my head-mind could not unsex me. And my
  eyes implored that I be explored and exploited and used and abused, for no
  reason my reason could reason.  
I wanted to be, but not really be, hurt. I wanted to be, but not really be,
  sullied. I wanted to be, but not really be, bullied. I wanted to be, but not
  really be, frightened. I wanted to be, but not really be, taken. I wanted to
  be, but not really be, forsaken. I wanted to be, but not really be, beaten.
  I wanted to be, but not really be, despoiled. I wanted to be and really be
  girl. I wanted to experience the extremity of the extreme of girl, to be forced
  into orbit beyond the end of the girl-system outlawed and rocketed into deepest
  girlspace by my mistress, all-other-girls, and made to suffer the dismal distant
  dismissal till I could please as she pleased to be pleased, and as I could,
  only as yet, plead to be taught to ply, till I could apply for her clemency.  
"Oh fuckin' 'ell" cursed the blacksmith gently and understandingly as she
  looked at my divine legs wrapped around with the slow pouring of pee from my
  pod in fear, shaking-quaking piss-making fear, that she was going to brand
  me.  
"Ain't you a lovely one too" she coaxed as she poured warm water on my legs
  to wash the urine of fear off me, and off the cobbled paving I graced with
  my gorgeousness.  
"You must be that there student girly wot they flew out from England like.
  Day said you was pretty and day wont wrong nyver! You is a fuckin' bootee,
  you is: a fuckin' bootee"  
"Two black bootees, one arter de uvver! Must be me fuckin' lucky day eh?!
  She comforted.  
Her gentle demeanour belied the fact she had just, not long since, just matter-of-factly,
  as part of her daily work, as if it were done every day, as if it were the
  norm, branded poor "Noblesse-Oblige" on her bare body with a red-hot iron.  
She walked around admiring me, resting from her work as something heated
  in her fire readying.  
"Your prettier than 'er too: that there 'Nobble-Whatsit'! Ain't you just
  fuckin' gorgeous eh?!"  
Then, moments later in her movements around me admiring me, she exclaimed: "Coo
  and gord 'elp&hellip;&hellip;just fuckin' look at yer!! Yer a fuckin' foal!!"  
She had spotted my completely shaven minx and was pointing astonished.  
"Cor, bloody 'ell, yer a fuckin' foal!" she questioned her unbelieved questioning
  eyes by her intonation here.  
"Ow did de uvver girls ever keep dare 'ands off yer?! I can't niver believe
  it! Yer a fuckin' cracker. Yer just so fuckin' gorgeous! Ow did dey ever leave
  off on yer, for fuck's sake eh?! Was dey all fuckin' blind where you kem from,
  or wot?!"  
Then she saw the tears welling in my gorgeous brown eyes, and her instinctive
  gentleness came to the fore.  
"Yer a shy gel ain't yer luv? Dat's not nice when dey mek yer inter a pony
  when yer shy like." She sympathised, as I blushed in my naked shame, lowering
  my lids over my glowing dark-chocolate eyes.  
But she had business in hand: work to do: she had a job to do on me.  
"Nagh den, lets 'ave a look at yer 'ooves shall us?"  
At that the cameragirls sidled crabwise away from pointing their ever-seeing
  eye at my shame: at the depilated vee between my powerful thighs: to where
  the farrier, with all the experience of positioning, born of years of experience
  telling her the best way to avoid a startled ponygirl's kick, was readying
  herself to lift one of my legs.  
I nearly tumbled forward from where I was tight tethered by my bit as, in
  a flash, my right ankle was grasped as I was, in the same instant, expertly
  nudged over to put my weight all on my left leg, and thus prevented from kicking,
  being but a two-legged pony and now balanced only on my one remaining grounded
  leg.  
The farrier drew my right leg up between her thighs and clasped it there
  to expertly cast her eyes over my clog-hoofed foot.  
"Pretty little foot yer got ain't yer?" she muttered as she studied with
  the experienced eye of years, seeming to measure with a hidden calliper or
  mental rule within her mind: to measure my hoof in mental-millimetres.  
"Forgot me fuckin' specs dis mornin' ain't I. Oo ever 'eard of a blacksmiff
  wiv specs anyow? She coaxed me with her gentle humour, comforting me in my
  continuing high distress that, to my clearly clouded fearfully frightened mind,
  whatever she was doing in carefully inspecting my clog-hoofed foot, squinting
  in substitution for her eye-glasses, was but a preliminary to my getting what
  Noblesse-Oblige had just horribly had.  
"Well den: specs or no specs, I reckon as 'ow I can do fer you my pretty
  black bootee, an' no trubble eh" she uttered in further gentle understanding
  comfort conveying mutter to me.  
My foot was lowered and her voice rose in 'tune', if such it could be called
  if honesty were to prevail, as, behind me and unseen, unseeable by me because
  my rubber bit gagged mouth was tethered to the rail, she used her steel tongues
  to pull the first red-hot strip of iron out of her fire, watch its colour change
  to that her long-experience told her was perfect, and began to hammer it 'U'
  curved around the horn of her anvil, after having first beaten it flat and
  forced seven square-profile holes at equally spaced intervals through it.  
A long hiss of heat in water bubbling, told of iron making cold as water
  warmed, and another hiss, the farrier could not hear, told of more piss from
  my pod in my continuing terrible fear at what she must be at, hidden behind,
  blind to my rear, behind my back.  
My second shame was eagerly easily caught on camera, as the sound boom was
  distanced from the 'tang-tang clang' the expert blacksmith beat out with her
  hammer as her voice rose above the noise of her forge whilst she bellowed,
  before bellowing her fire higher, and belting her iron strip curved, the only
  musical sound she knew: the one called, she prided, the 'anvil chorus':  
"Da, da, dar-de-dar, de-dar, de-dar, de-dar-dar",  
'Tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang-clang',  
"Da, da, dar-de-dar, de-dar, de-dar, de-dar-dar",  
'Tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang-clang',  
"Da, da, dar-de-dar, de-dar, de-dar, de-dar-dar",  
'Tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang; tang-tang clang'  
It would be amusing to be able to say here that this highly unmusical offering,
  was proffering pleasure; but in fact, as testified by my terrified trembling,
  it taunted and haunted as, daunted, another hiss of my piss from fear, flowed
  down my flaunted legs.  
I had never ever been so frightened in my young life as now, trembling and
  tremulous I awaited the unknowable agony of, what I was sure was in store,
  the branding iron on my bare body.  
"Oh fuckin' 'ell! Not agen!" The farrier had spotted I stood in a pool of
  my piss once more and that my lovely legs were shining with the yellow tint
  of my minx's tincture.  
More warm water followed from a bucket flowed and throwed over my calves
  and my pod by the ever-patient blacksmith, who now seemed to see, for the first
  time, as if it had not been so ever since I had been tethered in her workshop,
  that my legs were trembling and my body St Vitasing uncontrollably, with shudders
  that juddered my free-swinging breasts down to their tips, which were consequently
  correspondingly reverberating like the ends of just-struck tuning-forks.  
"Dare dare darlin'! I knows wot yer finkin'! No wonder yer is scared an'
  all, pissin yersen like that. We ain't gonna brand yer nor nuffin' yer silly
  little darlin'!" the blacksmith cooed.  
"Wot kinda fuckin' bitch am I den, makin' a bootiful gal like you is, fink
  she was gonna get branded eh?"  
"No wunder you is tremblin' and pissin yersen an' that: yer poor little darlin'"  
Oh please, please, please, let this be true! Let it not be a lie to lure
  me to relax so as to take me and burn my skin with the red-hot iron. She seemed,
  the blacksmith seemed so genuine. I could believe her! Surely I could believe
  her?!  
Now I heard her coaxing voice in a muffled mumble that tumbled from her lips
  strangely to my unsighted eyes, as I unsighted could not see that she had aligned
  square-profile-tapering-to-tip nails in her mouth, so as to have then ready
  to take out and use in turn, and meanwhile free her hands for the duty she
  had with me that first morn's post dawn.  
My left leg was no longer trembling as the farrier lifted it between her
  very handsome and erotically warm thighs, thighs smooth with the pride she
  took in her strong mature fit and very feminine body. And was it in reflex
  reaction to her removing my fear that I felt my pod take interest in her sweet
  sweat lubricated limbs: the limbs between the evidently enormous strength of
  which she clenched my extremely pretty lower left leg, as she swept her leather
  apron to one side?  
As the brutal-gentle farrier swept her leather apron to one side so as not
  to hide my clog shod foot. She was humming, since she could no longer 'sing',
  her lips and teeth being a quiver for her store of nails, as I felt, insofar
  as I could through wood, her align what I now realised was an iron shoe, a
  pony-shoe fresh made by her for this maid, and squarely hammered in the top
  nail, the nail at the mid of the bend in the 'U' of the shoe, the first and
  seventh nail, to be followed by three at equidistant intervals down each tail
  of the 'U' till I was shod: till my hoof was shod with an iron pony-shoe secured
  by seven nails.  
My hitherto 'clomp' was now a 'clip' as my left leg was lowered, and the
  onomatopoeic overtones of my dainty footfalls would henceforth beat out a different
  tune.  
And my 'clip' was to joined by a 'clop' as my blacksmith raised my right
  leg, with seven nails anew for her lips to chew as she drew the 'U' of my shoe
  in place, and speedily unerringly skilfully nailed it to my right wooden clog-hoof.  
Is it strange to relate that the 'clip-clop' of my metallic shod hooves,
  as I tried my feet on the cobbles of the farrier's workshop filled me with
  pride inside?  
A mental picture, a daydream, was relaxing me momentarily now. I was in my
  study: no, in my dormitory at school. There I slouched in the microist of micro-miniskirts,
  with my lovely brown legs, one folded under me and the other draped over the
  arm of the lounge settee, on which my delectable all-girl poundage snuggle-nestled.
  Off my loosely trailed foot dangled the very latest and finest fashion Italian
  leather shoe, of horrendous expense, half-shed in my dream of careless wealth
  and the best that money could afford me being mine. I was browsing a magazine
  with headlined article labelled 'Paris Shoeshine', and with pictures galore
  of all the shoes in store for the millionairess I was deemed to be in my dream,
  fee free.  
The mental picture was momentary, and its dousing came as the pleasure of
  having my pretty calves held between the crude-rude-sensitive, hard-gentle
  blacksmith's enormously strong and shapely fit thighs, an action to which I,
  being in so complete-a-contrast-supremely-feminine, had willingly surrendered.
  'Out of strength shall come forth sweetness' it has been said, and sweetness
  was what my pod, from the grip of my lovely legs in turn in the strength of
  the blacksmith's thighs, sugarly willingly surrenderingly secreted inside.  
That action, an attraction that had heavily moistened my minx, had had to
  be supplanted when my newly pony-shoe shod feet were both on ground planted,
  and the sudden shocking and surprising pride I now found was in the new sound
  I could echo in place of the 'clomp clomp' my pretty feet emitted before the
  'clip clop' they now transmitted.  
My young body was betraying me to secrets my foremind had no knowledge were
  below the metaphorical stones my cruel and demeaning imprisonment as a novitiate
  ponygirl was revealing as they were overturned.  
It was Alena who collected me to take me next to goodness only would know
  where and what.  
What Alena and I, neither of us expected, as she unhitched me from the rail
  in the blacksmith's forge, and tugged gently on my lead rein, the rein fixed
  to one side of the rubber bit across my tongue in my mouth, was the sight and
  fright of what was to nearly throw us off our feet as she led me clip, clop,
  clip, clop, newly, clip, clop, clip, clop, iron shoe shod away to face whatever
  was planned for my day.  
Alena must have met with the phenomenon before, but my lovely devilment-deep-dark
  brown eyes, shot enormously wide as we stepped aside from a sight of unbelievable
  horror and fascinating fright.  
It was Hai Moon.  
It was Hai Moon the tiny Chinese doll of a fourteen-year-old stable-girl
  and she was riding.  
It was Hai Moon having a riding lesson.  
Hai Moon was riding, and oh god how she was using poor Koala-Bare. It was
  savage and wicked. Koala-Bare had her head pulled hard back by the tight reins
  from a steel bit that opened the flame-red lips of the Australian honeychild's
  mouth. Her nostrils were flared and her eyes stared wildly wide, as the near
  child on her back drove the long-legged lovely with whip and spur to run faster
  than the fastest she was able, and faster still.  
Koala-Bare's waist was saddled like mine down to a wasped wisp of its natural
  size. Around her wasped-waist now though, and resting on hips enhanced by her
  wasping, was another tight-as-hell-tight broad black leather belt holding a
  penis-pommel saddle on which Hai Moon rode.  
The belt around the supremely slim waist of the enforcedly-wasped six-foot-one
  lanky Australian catwalk model had, in its middle at the back, a curved steel
  rod, curved to match the supreme arch of the Koala-Bare's back, atop which,
  at bottom-of-ribcage level and rising up and out, was a ten-inch-long leather-coated
  dildo pommel, which now disappeared into the minx of the mischievous jockey,
  who thereby, at sacrifice of any chance of having retained intact her virginity,
  saddled the miraculous maid made to carry her on her back.  
Koala-Bare's saddle was secured for certain by the crupper. Poor tortured
  Koala-Bare had a tight slim belt running from the front base of the second
  belt around her waist, the belt holding aloft the penis-saddle with Hai Moon
  astraddle, pulled agonisingly between the lips of her minx, whereafter it divided
  in twain to leave her long tail, the tail obscenely lifting before lowering
  and swinging from the dildo forced hard up her anus, and fixing, the crupper
  fixing its two ends, the 'V' of its 'Y', to the bottom-side-back of the saddle
  belt, having first surrounded the lovely hemispheres of her bottom.  
Her seating sensuously sexually taken care of, Hai Moon had need of stirrups
  and stirrups, will she or not she, poor Koala-Bare's pretty hands were forced
  to be, her wrists being cuffed and strapped one-and-a-half-feet-apart at her
  front, and her hands, at the end of her arms otherwise dangling free, made
  to hold steel stirrups fixed to her index fingers by rings therein and thereon,
  and their tops chained to her imprisoning wrists' bands. Hai Moon had her tiptoe-booted
  toes thrust through these stirrups, and her lovely lively little legs, hugged
  Koala-Bare as she rode her like a horse, like the ponygirl Koala-Bare was forced.  
Hai Moon fisted Koala-Bare's reins horribly shortly and terribly tightly
  in her left hand and wielded a welting whip crop with fury on Koala-Bare's
  gorgeous bottom as she dug wheeled needle spurs into Koala-Bare's bare thighs.  
With the savagely cruel wheeled spurs at the heels of her riding boots, all
  she wore, being otherwise completely nude naked, Hai Moon slashed poor Koala-Bare's
  naked thighs till bloody trickles rivuletted down to her knees, as she drove
  her, totally without mercy, bouncing on her back, being heavenly heavily cunt-fucked
  by the penis-pommel sliding in and out of her sopping minx as she bobbed up-and-down
  with Koala-Bare's trotting motion, as the brutally abused panting Koala-Bare;
  Koala-Bare glowing and trickling with aromatically erotic girl-sweat and foaming
  at her mouth, jogged by us with her titties bouncing in incredibly flowing
  floating erotic unison.  
And I quietly came. I looked wide-eyed innocently at this vision of hell
  and heaven from hell's hell, and felt an infinitesimal instant of un-Richter-scaled
  minor rictus, epicentred in my minx. It was so tiny I was hardly aware it had
  happened. The cameras saw only my eyes wide in horror and amazement. Only the
  seismometer my clitoris formed, found echo of the telltale eruption disruption
  of my equilibrium, as I saw the tortured Koala-Bare ridden like a demon with
  a fury on her back, flee by us, her swinging bottom, with cruel crude tail
  forced into her anus swishing, being wildly crop-swatted and her thighs spur-tip-rip-bloodied
  as she ran faster than light, driven by her only hope that she could gain ease
  of her pain by doing as she was made, as Hai Moon boundlessly brutalised her
  beauty &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
Then fear and fright hit me once more. That Koala-Bare could have been me,
  that Koala-Bare's plight could be mine, was clear; as clear as the pee that
  trickled from my pod to the floor once more as I shook uncontrollably, trembling
  with horror: complete and undiluted, absolute and undoubted horror, until I
  was petrified.  
I was petrified.  
Oh god what kind of hell was I in?!  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer) 
Chapter 5 &ndash; Sobs   
After the horror and fascination of seeing poor Koala-Bare being ridden so
  terribly brutally with whip and spur I, 'Midnight-Pearl' as I had been so cruelly
  dubbed, was wiggled along at quite a pace, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop,
  clip clop in my tip-top-tiptoe-topping wooden clog hooves, hooves now shod,
  literally shod, with iron pony-shoes, being dragged along, as my beautiful
  bottom, and the obscene tail forced into it, wagged like the sinful buttocks
  of a whore seeking custom.  
I had no choice other than to go where Alena would have me go. I had a rubber
  bit tied hard back between my teeth and over my tongue in my thus gaped mouth.
  And from this bit, fastened to one of the rings the bit had at either and of
  it, and thus at either side of my lovely negress' lips, hung a short strong
  lead rein, clipped to one of the rings, and being pulled by Alena as she would
  have me move as if we were, she at least, and me presumably in consequence,
  late.  
With my waist squeezed savagely down by the saddle belt I wore around my
  tummy, my bottom seemed to, no, decidedly did swing to and fro alarmingly.
  No decent girl would walk like the saddle belt made me walk. I had seen hookers,
  or rather actresses playing hookers, in films on TV. But prostitutes, or even
  the lap-dancers I had also seen portrayed on celluloid, were not a metaphor
  for how sensuously sexily my beautiful firm brown bottom undulated and swung
  as a consequence of my waist being squeezed down from twenty-three delightful
  inches to a mere fifteen.  
'Belly dancer!' That was it; that was the comparison my mind was seeking
  for, as I was hurried along clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, over the cobbles
  in the main yard of the pony-farm.  
We know, we all know, the enticing and exciting hip-whip of the belly dancer
  in full flow. That was exactly what my murderously squeezed-down waist was
  making me do. My belly held steady whilst my bottom, as well as having its
  girlmuscular hemispheres rise and fall, whipped to and fro like an upbeat metronome.
  I wiggled like a rattlesnake on speed, and the long tail that rose from the
  end of the dildo forced up my anus, rose in a parabola before obeying gravity
  and then the command of my wickedly wildly swinging extremely sexy rear, as
  it must not just sway at leisure, but swing almost like a puppy dog's tail
  in time with my deeply erotic gait.  
Deep embarrassment and horrible shame were the accompaniments of my lovely
  bottom's accomplishment. I was never ever a girl who would disport herself
  this way, and to be stripped naked and made to wiggle endlessly emphatically
  obscenely, was mental torture for me. Even dancing before and for a girl I
  loved, I would surely not have flaunted my feminine charms so dirtily! 'Dirty'
  is a good word for it: I was forced to swing my bottom like a dirty little
  trollop, no, like a cheap vamp tramp whore, and it shamed and deeply embarrassed
  me.  
As I was walked along, swishing my bottom and swaying my tail, clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop, I had visitors: very unpleasant visitors.  
The sun had risen and I felt its comforting warmth on my nakedness; but even
  the comfort of the sun could not relieve the irritation from the mass and still
  building visitation I was receiving.  
My absolute and total terror and horror at witnessing Koala-Bare being so
  savagely used and abused, coming on top of my terrible thought I had harboured,
  that the blacksmith had intended, once she had deceived me to calmness, to
  brand me on my bare body, had caused me to piss down my lovely legs. I had
  pissed in my terror and horror as Koala-Bare was viciously whipped and spurred
  past me, and the proceeds of my copious peeing was now dried on my thighs and
  legs.  
In the stories, flies always 'buzz'. So do flies buzz in real life: believe
  me they do! If you don't believe me, imagine a pretty girl bondaged as a ponygirl,
  wafting her bottom uncontrollably dementedly side-to-side as she clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop, clip-clops obediently on the end of her lead rein,
  with irritating itch making flies discovering her dried-piss-coated inner-thighs
  and legs, and then you will know what I mean.  
I tugged at the cuffs holding my arms, trying to rescue them from being held
  up, bent at elbows, wrists fastened above biceps by chains from wrist cuffs
  to cuffs on upper arms, with my lovely hands no more than extremely decorative
  dangling appendages. I could not possible free them, as I simply longed to,
  in order to have some means to drive off the horrible flies: and flies were
  crawling all over the front insides of my superb thighs. Oh god how they itched
  and tickled me!  
Why? How? How do flies find their target? They were on my breasts now. Ignoring,
  indeed seeming to enjoy the challenging of hanging on and crawling over them
  as they bounced, as my huge firm thirty-eight double-D-cup titties bounced,
  they were enjoying and I consequently enduring, enjoying, oh god, enduring,
  oh god, my nipples, oh god my nipples!  
Why? How? Why had they gone for my nipples? These flies: One or three at
  first, and now in tens, they were crawling and then flying off from, before
  returning to the lovely soft complexion of my thighs and, oh god my nipples,
  my nipples, oh please god my nipples!  
How? Why? As I clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip-clopped along with
  the flies buzzing around me and crawling on me, I shook my shoulders to make
  my breast swing: I must try and make my lovely breasts swing so as to get the
  horrible flies off my nipples, oh god my nipples, my nipples, oh please god
  my nipples!  
How? Why? It did not work. I surreptitiously swung my titties as hard and
  as quickly as I could, but the flies clearly loved my two-inch-huge diameter
  areoles, and to my nipples, within milliseconds of my breasts settling to a
  standard bounce from my deliberately swinging them: settling, my titties settling,
  to their natural pronounced bounce and pounce, flies were once more crawling
  all around and over my nipples as I clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip-clopped
  to where, my nipples, my nipples, oh god my nipples, my nipples, oh please
  god my nipples! to wherever I was being taken.  
Flies were now on my face and threatening my mouth and I must blink to keep
  them out of my eyes. And flies had discovered, in their tens or grosses, had
  discovered, oh no, oh please no, had discovered, no, no, please, please no,
  had discovered, no, no, no, no, had discovered, no, no, please, no, no, no,
  no, had discovered, NO, had discovered, no, and covered no, no, uncovered depilated
  and unprotected, no, no, no, no, they vectored onto my, my, no, my no, no,
  my, my, my, my no, no, my, my pod!! My, my, my, no, no, no, no, my, my, my,
  my pod!!!  
Torment, total torment: torment almost beyond torture. The flies were driving
  me out of my mind as they crawled on my face and my lips and my eyelids, and
  my nipples and my shaven naked minx. They zigzagged up and down the lips of
  my minx driving me insane with desire. They were arousing me. Despite all the
  filthy dirtiness of it, they were arousing and had aroused my poor nipples
  and were making my pod ooze.  
It was disgusting and horrible. I was behaving in a manner disgracing and
  devaluing the depiction description 'animal'. I just could not help it. The
  awful flies were tormenting me to lust; and my body, rather than fighting the
  disgustingly foul, was excited and aroused, yes, sexually, truly sexually aroused
  by my being so downrightly filthily abused.  
My swishing swinging tail kept the horrible flies off my swishing buttocks
  and, correspondingly, where my tail dangled, off the backs of my thighs, and
  off my calves, but oh heaven and hell how I longed that my tail could get the
  taunting haunting tantalising tormenting flies off my pod, off the nude shaven
  petals of my lovely virgin's tight lipped purse, off my maiden's minx!  
But even then, the lubrication of my love-lips caused by the taunting teasing
  crawling flies, seemed also to lubricate the sexy-devil-width-wide my bum swung
  as I clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clopped, being led like the animal my body
  was betraying me to portray, as much if not more than my bondage could persuade,
  off the courtyard area to open grassed ground.  
I say 'grassed ground'. Through my sin-inducing-deep-brown eyes, my eyelids
  flicking as I tried to waft-off the devil's own flies, even in my tormented
  tortured degraded depraved deeply shamingly aroused state, I saw a circle without
  more than the odd tuft of grass, worn scored by constant footfall, and some
  kind of post with an arm horizontally leading out from its top  
Alena dragged me on my lead rein clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip,
  clop, clip, clop onto the grass, and then, knowing the routine of course from
  years of training ponygirls, tethered my lead rein to the arm that came out
  of the upright post, leaving me thus standing on the worn circular path I had
  noticed as she forced me to clip, clop, clip, clop, out to where we now were.  
"You will learn to walk, trot, run, and display-leg", Alena told me completely
  coldly.  
"You will NOT kick your legs out sideways as you run, like some silly frightened
  little bitch of a schoolgirl. You will run rhythmically with your pretty legs
  straight fore and aft."  
Why had Alena told me that? Alena knew I was a practiced runner; not a young
  girl who had had no training in how to run properly: properly for an athlete
  that is.  
The cameragirls had caught up with us. All I could assume was that Alena
  was playing to some kind of script in which my subjugation featured, and they
  wanted to make it seem as if I needed more training to run than in reality
  I did. Yet they were supposed to be filming what was really happening! It would
  remain an unresolved conundrum, why I should be told not to kick my legs out
  sideways, as, uncorrected, a girl's natural construction makes her do when
  she runs.  
Alena now strolled casually over to the central pole, and, even in the midst
  of the tormenting flies crawling all over my sexual parts, or perhaps because
  the flies were arousing me so much; I admired her shapely bottom in the tight
  jeans she wore. Her breasts moved within her gingham shirt as if they must,
  yes as if they were, no, because they were, because they had, no, because she
  wore no brassiere.  
Alena looked at me momentarily as she bent to pick something up, as she bent
  showing cleavage in her wonderfully soft white bosom. I concluded she was enjoying
  teasing me with the loveliness of her shapely horny body, as I watched in horror
  when she picked up a whip and some kind of radio or the like, but seemed to
  linger overlong, beyond even the longest time surely needed, in doing so.  
At the sight of the whip, I clenched my buttocks on the sphincter-penetrating
  dildo that held my tail in me.  
"Well might you flinch you filthy little whore!" Alena hissed with the venom
  of an asp.  
"If you ever, and I mean ever, look at me again like you did just then, when
  I was over in the centre, I will, believe me, I will whip you, you fucking
  slag!"  
I dropped my eyes to the ground in instant total trembling fear-filled fear-fuelled
  surrender.  
So, I hoped, so I could not be seen doing so, I did my best to look out of
  the corners of my gorgeous brown eyes at the terrible whip Alena held. I recognised,
  from the old-fashioned films I used to love on TV, a carriage whip. I recognised
  the long handle and longer flagellum of a carriage whip, and felt an instant
  sexy gasp escape me, partly because the murderously abundant crawling flies
  on my now distended nipples and the lips of my naked pod were so stimulating,
  making me seep like a slut, and because a flash of the opening sequence in
  the film 'Belle De Jour', where the carriage bells jingle and jingle till the
  girl, oh god, the girl, oh no, oh, no, the girl, she, the girl is dragged off,
  dragged into the woods: she, the girl is dragged off into the woods, and tied
  up and the girl, she, the girl, tied up and, and, and whipped, oh god, my fly
  smothered purse was all but dribbling my cognac as I recalled how I had almost
  masturbated watching that scene.  
Whatever Alena had picked up in addition to the whip, she now pressed a button
  on, and I heard a heavy buzz before I began to be dragged and was having to
  walk, as the arm from the central post was pulling on the lead rein by which
  I was hitched to its farthest end. The central post must have had a motor fitted
  as it now rotated and thus forced me to wiggle-walk with my bottom beating
  out the teasing torment sensation-temptation of the very devil herself, as
  I swung my rear like a toreador's cape, but more excitingly invitingly than
  any red rag before a revengeful bull rage-full.  
"Give the little slut seven hours to ease her in" I heard Fabrina suggest.  
And with just that phrase it was decreed without any consideration whatsoever
  of me, that I must walk around the circle I circled, dragged by the arm from
  the rotating central post of that training device, for that is what it was,
  a ponygirl trainer, for the next seven, yes no less than seven long hours!  
No. No, of course it was not as simple as that. Alena stayed with me. Initially,
  Alena stayed with me.  
Alena sipped her water within my sight clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop.  
Alena raised her white parasol as the sun got higher in the sky and beat
  down on my nude body, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop.  
"Get your feet up you lazy slut!" she would shout, clip, clop, clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop.  
Around and around, and endlessly around the central pole I wiggled my enticingly
  excitingly succulently supremely sexy body, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop at a fast walk, flexing my gorgeous legs at every step  
The heat beat, the flies swarmed, my eyes closed as the flies crawled over
  my eyelids, my mouth was dry and filthy as flies tickled my lovely lips, and
  crawled, yes they even crawled onto my tongue, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip,
  clop, clip, clop, clip, clop.  
And the flies were driving me insane as, "Get your feet up you fucking whore!" as
  they danced on my nipples and zigzagged wandered all over my super-sensitive
  sex, trying to get inside me, "Get those fucking feet up you filthy slag!" clip,
  clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop.  
"Get your feet up you idle bitch!" the voice was different; Fabrina had taken
  over: clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop.  
I knew that this would go on for endless hours. I was a fit girl but&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
But then I heard a terrible scream!&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;. clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop. A shiver went down my lovely
  curved spine and I came back from the strange auto-pilot clip, clop, clip,
  clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop with which I continued to circle.  
"Get those fucking feet UP you fucking idle bitch!" Clip, clop, clip, clop,
  clip, clop, clip, clop, clip, clop, the scream again!  
For two whole hours, punctuated by a horrible scream from some poor girl,
  a ponygirl know doubt, I was made to walk at a brisk pace around and around
  the central pole on the warn path in the grass, where so many ponygirls must
  have had to walk as I was, before me.  
For two whole hours I suffered either Fabrina or Alena's abuse. For two whole
  hours I suffered the purgatory of the obscene things the creeping crawling
  flies were doing to me.  
"On order Midnight-Pearl trot", Fabrina called, "I say 'trot': Midnight-Pearl
  trot! Midnight-Pearl trot with the back straight. Midnight-Pearl lift pretty
  leg every time so Midnight-Pearl knee at level with top of lovely bum. If Midnight-Pearl
  not good trot, Midnight-Pearl made hurt with naughty whip" she concluded dismissively,
  insulting my intelligence, and as if a whipping was of no consequence, as indeed
  it was of no consequence for her.  
Fabrina pressed the button on what was obviously a remote control, and the
  rotator speeded, as therefore must I. My gorgeous powerful supremely shapely
  legs must now work like pistons to obey the order that I trot in the way a
  ponygirl must learn to trot, even though it is not entirely natural. My gorgeous
  legs speeded me, clipclop clipclop clipclop clipclop clipclop.  
I feared the whip. I was terrified I would be whipped. I jogged my lovely
  long legs and juddered my huge titties as I beat the ground with my newly pony-shoe
  shod hooves.  
"That good girl! Midnight-Pearl good girl! Midnight-Pearl clever girl" Fabrina
  called to me, though a hint in her voice was more of despair that I was really
  bad, and she was merely trying another tactic to her preferred one, that of
  abusing me.  
I could not believe my ears. Suddenly I preened with pride. I was being subjected
  to the degrading torture of being made to perform like a human horse, and yet
  suddenly I felt pride that I had received praise.  
I trotted round and round and round and round, my heart pumping and with
  my pride, yes pride at having been praised for my trotting ability, that pride
  showing in my eyes.  
"She is good. Don't you think she is good?" I heard Fabrina query of, I assumed,
  a returned Alena.  
"Good? She's fucking lousy and you know it&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;" then,
  as a bye-the-bye, "By the way, Night-Breeze has had her foal weaned", Alena
  replied.  
I trotted obediently around and around and around listening, as the two older
  women talked as if I were not there or, even if acknowledged to be there, as
  if I were of no consequence.  
"Night-Breeze could go to the plough now of course, but we have a shortage
  on the production side. I've detailed Selina and Jonquil, let them off classes
  for a while, to hitch Ice-Queen to the gig, and take Night-Breeze's foal to
  the ponygirl nursery", Alena quietly confirmed informatively for Fabrina's
  half-listening ears, whilst she, Alena, half-watched me trot round and round
  and round.  
Now I knew the reasons for the screams of pain I had heard: some poor girl
  had had her child taken away: this was the commonplace of the pony-farm. That
  is why it can be described so glibly. A girl had had her child taken from her.  
There was a pause in the conversation of the two women as I trotted endlessly
  round and round and round&hellip;  
Then, just as casually, Fabrina asked in a voice that said that of course
  she knew Alena would have taken care of the problem, but just wondered, in
  order to tuck away a loose end in her briefing: "What about the ploughing?"  
"Oh: Koala-Bare of course. She needs a damned good whipping that girl. Pulling
  the plough will do her the world of good".  
No more was said for a good five minutes as I trotted, straight-backed, lifting
  my lovely thighs horizontal with each step, around and round and around and
  round the central post, the horizontal arm from which I was securely tethered
  to the end of by my mouth bit.  
"Lunch?" enquired Alena of Fabrina, as Fabrina momentarily looked away from
  inspecting me, and slowly shaking her head in despair at my performance.  
Fabrina turned to look at me again, as I trotted endlessly around and around
  and around. With eyes not really seeing let alone studying what she saw, she
  daydream-watched me picking up my superb legs, flashing my folded legs with
  their beautiful strong muscularity, curving my compelling calves, thunder in
  my thighs, as I trotted as ordered and as compelled by the machine, around,
  and around and around, and she saw without seeing, because it was nothing unusual
  to see, certainly nothing unusual for her to see: she watched the flies crawling
  all over me, she watched as they buzzed away from my obviously excited nipples,
  to either re-settle and feast some more on my judder jodder jigger joggering
  sweaty breasts, as they bounced in unison whilst I trot-trot-trotted, or to
  join the hundreds of their compatriots who, to an eye easily deceived, gave
  me the appearance of having re-grown my pubic hair, so thickly had they congregated
  and so keenly were they nudging and jostling each other to get a taste of the
  lovely secretion from my pod. And she watched too, as continuing to obediently
  trot, around and around and around and around and around and around and around
  and around and around, I pissed like an animal. Even whilst I trotted around
  and around and around, I was publicly openly copiously pissing: pissing like
  an animal.  
"Lunch! Yes! Good idea!" Fabrina replied.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
Lunch was leisurely. Why should it not be, I was well taken care of. I trotted
  around and around and around and around and around and around and around and
  around and around for two solid hours and more. In fact, I myself had no idea
  from other than the fact that the sun had gone overhead, what time of day it
  was.  
The two women were laughing giggling and snorting with lovely laughter, from
  some private joke as they casually sauntered over to where I was still obeying
  my order to trot.  
"You fucking slut!" Alena shouted at me: "Get your fucking knees up!  
"UP I said!!"  
"Get your knees UP you idle bitch!!"  
I was nearly dropping with exhaustion and Alena knew it: she full well knew
  it. I had been trotting for two-and-a-half hours non-stop.  
This was the bitter part of my training. This was when I was to have my lesson
  driven into me. This was where the border between Emma Bronwyn Jones, the girl,
  and Midnight-Pearl, the ponygirl lay. This was the point at which I could begin
  to be broken.  
I trotted around and around and around and around and around now Alena began
  to crack the whip behind me to remind me who my mistresses were and what my
  place in the world was.  
Around and around and around and around and around I trotted exhausted, beyond
  exhaustion, with the carriage whip cracking behind my obscenely swinging bottom
  every time I showed even the slightest sign of a sign of a sign that I might
  slacken.  
Around and around and around and around and around I trotted. They were going
  to drive me into the ground in order to teach me my place: in order to break
  me, I was to be exhausted beyond exhaustion's exhaustion.  
Around and around and around and around and around and around and around
  and around and around I obediently trotted: "Get those fucking knees up you
  filthy slag!!" Fabrina cursed and the whip cracked.  
Around and around and around and around and around and around and around
  and around and around I trotted and then I stumbled "Get going you slag!" Alena
  shouted, "Get fucking going!"  
I tried: I tried to move my lovely legs. I was being dragged around by the
  machine, the flies crawled all over my breasts and my nipples not least, and
  were feasting, literally feasting on the tightly in-tucked in-curving luscious
  lips of my virgin pod, as I was dragged along around the circle having fainted
  from exhaustion in the searing heat of the Spanish mid-afternoon.  
I came around to the splash of two buckets of cold water over my nakedness
  as I was still being dragged around by the training machine.  
I came around in darkness. They had put a hood over my head. I could see
  nothing. "Trot you fucking whore!" Alena shouted and cracked her whip behind
  my body. I found, from somewhere, god know where, I found some reserve some
  last drop of adrenalin perhaps, that got me once more trotting around and around
  and around and around once more. "Keep going you slag!"  
How I managed it I do not know, but, being taught by the blindfold bag over
  my head that I must quite literally learn blind obedience, I trotted around
  and around and around and around and around for half-an-hour or forty-five-minutes
  more, till I fainted and fell again.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
Another douche from cold water brought my fly-crawled-over body back into
  the realisation of how hot the sun was. I was lying on the ground. The hood
  had been taken off my head. They were playing cold water over me from a hose.  
I instinctively rose to my hoofed feet, my head hanging knowing I must have
  disappointed.  
"Useless! Totally useless! She's a slag! She's a totally useless fucking
  slag!" Fabrina hissed in despair at Alena, whose resigned look confirmed she
  shared the view expressed even without need of it being expressed.  
"Seven fucking hours wasted! She's no idea! After seven fucking useless hours,
  she's no idea how to walk properly; her trotting is abysmal, and she's yet
  to run let alone learn how to display-leg!!" Fabrina stomped a foot down in
  anger and disappointment.  
"How the fuck are we ever going to get this totally useless bitch up to the
  standards little Miss Ryan will want, and has every right to expect in her
  pony?  
"We've had tougher jobs" Alena tried to sympathise.  
"Like what?!" Fabrina snapped back in an instant of fully surfaced frustration
  and anger.  
"Well: like Flamenco-Firefly" Alena proposed.  
"As you damned well know, Flamenco-Firefly, was an animal, or as near as,
  when she arrived. To break a girl so close to nature in the first place was
  easy. She had a lot of spirit I grant you. This one's got no stamina: no stamina
  at all. Flamenco-Firefly would be on the trainer for twelve and fourteen hours
  and still be going strong&hellip;&hellip;.." Fabrina countered.  
Tempers were clearly growing shorter as the women despaired over my breaking
  and training and lack of staying-power.  
"Yes Fabrina, yes, but if you'll recall, if indeed you can be troubled for
  one single simple moment to be bothered to recollect, we had to give Flamenco-Firefly
  ten lashes across her cunt to initially break the stubborn bitch!!" Alena shouted.  
"Sorry! Sorry! You're right. Sorry", Fabrina whispered, holding up a flat
  hand palm of peace to Alena.  
There was a pause: a silence in which both women wanted to apologise to each
  other for my causing their anger and frustration.  
"Anyway it was nine" Fabrina whispered.  
"Nine what?" Alena asked, before immediately realising how silly her question
  was, and both women thereafter ended up laughing that two such close friends
  should have been falling out over a mere ponygirl&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
School being over for the day, Hai Moon and Kim Kai were running enthusiastically
  up to take me back to the stables.  
"Gaynor is coming by tonight by the way", Fabrina said.  
"We'll have a talk about this one then: with Gaynor too I mean" Alena prompted.  
"Sounds good to me" Fabrina laughed, putting a loving arm around her friend
  as they left me in the care of my stable-girls.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
To say that I was exhausted would not be to even scratch the surface for
  a suitable depiction of my state, as Kim Kai took my lead rein and I clip clopped
  behind the two lovely little Chinese dolls.  
The fear I now knew, knew no relaxation in the presence of these seeming
  angels, my pretty little stable-girls, now either. Had I not witnessed Hai
  Moon brutalising Koala-Bare as she rode her, whipping Koala-Bare and driving
  her vicious spurs into poor Koala-Bare's thighs?  
Then, as I wiggled submissively along on the end of the lead tether, Kim
  Kai loosely held, I realised that I did not know the names of these girls.
  No, not my stable-girls&hellip; But let us start with them. In admitting that
  these, Kim Kai and Hai Moon were my stable-girls, I was accepting my relative
  position wasn't I? And in knowing the other girls in the other stalls only
  as 'Laser-Dance' or 'Flamenco Firefly' or 'Calypso-Canter' was I not, oh it
  was so horrible to have to admit, but was I not accepting that they were ponygirls
  and had no other existence other than as 'Laser-Dance', 'Flamenco Firefly',
  and 'Calypso-Canter'? And where did that leave me? Surely, oh god, surely,
  oh hell and heaven, surely it could only mean that I was accepting, or at least
  beginning to accept that I was, relative to Kim Kai, Hai Moon and the girls
  in the stalls, that I was and only now existed as 'Midnight-Pearl'?  
I clip clopped back onto the cobbles of the pony-farm's stable area, the
  flies that had taunted and teased me all day, continuing to crawl all over
  my sweaty body and my filthy sweaty piss-smelly pod in particular.  
Kim Kai tethered me to the stable wall in the outside air once more and I
  experienced next, the most wonderful event to date of my captivity. I was being
  sprayed with warm water by Kim Kai. As Hai Moon was using a sponge soaked in
  soft soap to wash me down, I was being given a shower. I was in heaven, as
  they shampooed my hair and at long last washed the wicked flies off my breasts
  and from around my sex.  
Now I was being blown dry, hair and body, and my hair was being brushed and
  combed, my lovely dark short negress' curls were being combed and brushed.
  This was bliss! This was total and absolute bliss. Now they were massaging
  my lovely long legs, and treating my aches with the horse-liniment that was
  so relaxing to my tired, tired, lower limbs.  
My post exercise treatment over, Hai Moon led me to my stall. I was almost
  too exhausted to feel it as she pulled out my tail. I would certainly be unable
  to escape any distance, so extremely enervated was I, as they took out my bit.  
My mouth freed just for a while from the vile bit, I wiggled over to the
  trough within my stall the instant my bit was removed, and risked another girl
  demanding that such lovely lips not be wasted on other than a luscious kiss,
  as I pouted my gorgeous constant-kiss-provoking negress' lips to suck up the
  water, I was so completely desperate for, so extremely dehydrated had I become
  after seven and more hours in the sun.  
I heard sobs.  
And then I ate from my manger.  
I heard sobs.  
I took hungry mouthful after eager mouthful of the bran, the warm steaming
  sweet-smelling hot water liquidised bran that was in my manger.  
I heard more sobs.  
I was so hungry. I was famished. I licked my manger! I actually completely
  emptied and animally licked the bottom and sides of my manger with my pink
  pointy-ended love-luring tongue, degradingly desperately, I was still so hungry.  
I heard yet more sobs.  
Kim Kai poured something new in my manger as I sucked up more water with
  my commandingly delicious lips. I returned to my manger, and bent over it,
  thereby showing my naked shaven pod to the young stable-girls, who were giggling
  shyly as they became excited at the sight. I eagerly ate and chewed what Kim
  Kai had dumped in my manger, even though I knew it contained fresh grass: grass
  being, of course, the key component in the diet of a ponygirl. Now I knew what
  had been the 'secret ingredient' in the food that Alena had fed me at the university:
  grass!  
I heard more sobs.  
I drank more water, and then wiggled back to my manger to eat more grass,
  and as I wiggled between water trough and manger, I was pissing like an animal.
  I gave it no thought. I gave no thought to the fact that that very morning
  I had nearly wretched-up my bile watching the other ponygirls urinate like
  animals, and now here I was walking around on the straw lining the bottom of
  my stall, so tired that I was just pissing, I wiggle-walked around my stall
  my urine hissing even as I walked. I walked peeing on the straw floor of my
  stall as I went: peeing like an animal.  
The sobs grew louder.  
My hunger thirst and need to urinate satisfied, I became more aware of them.  
Having watched me slake my thirst and sate my hunger, Kim Kai moved in to
  brush my teeth, and put a fresh rubber bit in my mouth. This done, she clipped
  two lead reins, one to each of the hoops at each end of my bit, and fastened
  the chains that ran from these lead reins to ready hoops firmly fixed to the
  sidewalls of my stall.  
The chains were short and I could not move bar to transfer my all-girl 120
  pounds from one lovely leg to the other. I assumed this was temporary and I
  would later be released to move around or lie down to sleep: and the chance
  to sleep could not come soon enough: oh for the chance to sleep!  
A terrible sob tore the air.  
"Why Night-Breeze make much noise so?" Hai Moon asked Kim Kai as Hai Moon
  gave me what looked like it was, unbelievably since I was chained still standing
  up, some kind of last check over.  
"You no hear? She have foal weaned." Kim Kai answered "Foal taken. Night-Breeze
  not got foal no more. Foal go nursery. Night-Breeze cry. You double-check me
  please", Hai Moon asked Kim Kai, who also then looked me over as if in some
  kind of finality.  
"Night-Breeze plenty spare milk now?" Hai Moon speculated matter-of-factly.  
"She Noble-Obliger stall tonight. Tomorrow, Night-Breeze go dairy, made be
  cow-pony" Kim Kai responded distractedly as she inspected my bit.  
One of the two cameragirls who had followed me all day, lowered now the all-seeing-eye
  of her digital 'film' machine, and stretched and yawned.  
My two little doll Chinese stable-girls began to go out of the stable to
  find their own supper, leaving me tightly chained up by my bit, standing in
  my stall.  
"Say!" called the still stretching cameragirl after the receding Kim Kai
  and Hai Moon, "Ain't one of you pretty chicks gonna let Midnight-Pearl get
  some shuteye: you know, a lie down?"  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon turned around and looked back blank faced.  
Thinking my stable-girls had not understood her, the American girl hitherto
  operating camera, repeated her enquiry, using insulting broken English: "You
  know! Lie down: go bye-byes, snore, snore!?" putting her hands together like
  a church steeple, and tipping her head sideways on her held-together hands,
  as if they were a pillow she was snuggling down upon, to show what she meant.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon still looked blank, then Kim Kai realised the American
  girl's ignorance. Firstly looking at Hai Moon to see who was going to answer,
  and getting a 'you go' look, Kim Kai, politely ignoring the strange unenlightenment
  of the city-born-and-raised cameragirl, quietly responded: "You no see horse
  in field? Ponygirl is like horse in field: ponygirl sleep standing up!"  
"Well: if you say so honey!" the cameragirl concluded as she yawned behind
  a pretty hand, and then took her sexy companion's hand, before kissing her
  full on the mouth very lasciviously, directly in front of where I stood experiencing
  the dawning of the horror that I was expected, as a ponygirl, to sleep standing.  
"Food or bed, Julie?" asked the American accented cameragirl of her English
  sound boom carrying companion.  
"Bed of course" laughed Julie, blushing shyly.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)
Chapter 6 &ndash; Javelin   
Two girls hardly slept that night.  
Four girls hardly slept that night.  
Jenna, the New York USA born-and-raised cameragirl, and Julie from York in
  England, respectively the chief camera and sound recording girls for the film
  being made for sale and profit of my 'breaking-in' as a ponygirl, spent the
  whole night finding new angles in which to give physical meaning to the word
  'love': their passion for each other only outmatched by their compassion for
  each other. If love is made in heaven and expressed with licking tongues: Jenna
  and Julie's was indeed true love.  
I surprised myself in two ways that night.  
The first of these was in the fact I managed some sleep: hardly any but some.  
Poor Night-Breeze sobbed moaned and keened all night long. I had been too
  tired to even think. When I had been brought back to the stables after my first
  day of training, I had been too tired to even think. Now my mind screamed at
  Night-Breeze: 'for god's sake shut up!' But how cruel we can all be when others
  are suffering. I only longed for her crying to stop, because I was desperate
  for sleep. Poor Night-Breeze had had her foal taken away from her: she was
  heartbroken.  
The horror was too much for my mind to absorb. I would not admit to myself
  what they were doing: what Fabrina, Alena, Gaynor, and whoever else might be
  behind them were doing. Poor Night-Breeze had had her child taken away. I had,
  absolutely clearly, heard her child referred to as 'a foal'. And now they were
  going to make Night-Breeze into a cow-pony. I had a mental vision of some 'unit'
  on the pony-farm, where the lights were on twenty-four hours a day, and where
  girls bound up as ponygirls, just as I was, were having their breasts regularly
  milked.  
Only later did I find how right I was; and how wrong I was. I was right that
  there were intensive-farming buildings in which girls were being used as 'cows'
  for their milk. I was wrong, not only about the number of buildings, and thus
  the number of ponygirl 'cows' suffering in them, but I had no vision that there
  was also a creamery and that under the brand name 'Pure Girl', girl-milk, girl-cream,
  and even girl-cheese were but some of the extremely profitable outputs of the
  farm. Indeed, girl-cheese was being distributed world-wide.  
Perhaps we should all be thankful I remained, until much later, blissfully
  unaware of the winery. Specially selected girls, most of them Russian for reasons
  I learned were associated with the delightful quality of their produce, were,
  and it is surely disgusting to think about it, were being farmed for their
  'wine'. I mean of course, their pee: their urine. They were being made to drink
  their own urine until it had gone through them six times, and then having their
  sixth pee bottled and sold. Ugghhh!!  
Only once did I hear mention of 'meat'. It concerned what happened with the
  cow-ponies when they were no longer able to lactate. I have to mention it here,
  as I wish you to understand the true bestiality of the institution I had been
  forced into. I may be making a false accusation. I do not know if it was true.
  I just heard talk. I have never investigated the rumour: I find even the very
  thought so vilely sickening, as I am sure, dear reader, do you.  
At two in the morning I shit myself. There is no nice way to put what happened
  to me. I stood as I was forced to, fixed as I was by two chains from my mouth
  bit fastening me to the walls of my stall. My diet of bran earlier had made
  its way through my system speedily; I had also not relieved myself in over
  twenty-four hours of fear-induced constipation.  
Since eating the bran though, I had been parting with wind regularly. The
  smell of the stables was disgusting. We, all we ponygirls were fed on bran,
  grass, and oats, every one of them conducive to the terrible flatulence all
  we ponygirls exhibited and helplessly openly indulged.  
We just could not help ourselves. And I just could not help myself. I know
  it is not nice to think about, let alone talk about, but it is part of the
  truth: it is a small part of what happened to me. It tells too, so clearly,
  of the degree to which I was being made to become an animal as a fact and not
  just a fiction. What I was enduring was no bondage game. The fact that at two
  in the morning the backs of my supremely shapely legs were completely coated
  in what seemed like gallons of my fresh stinking faeces surely testifies to
  that!  
I cried quietly. There was no reason for my sobs to wake any of the other
  girls. After all, what justification did I have for my tears as compared with
  Night-Breeze? However, as tears rolled down my superbly soft-complexioned brown
  cheeks, dripping their misery on my pre-eminently prominent breasts, the balance
  in the bank of justice was not paramount in my mind: all I knew was my misery's
  misery.  
The lights in the stable went on at five in the morning. The lights were
  followed by the delights of the exceptionally pretty little stable-girls, including
  my own Hai Moon and Kim Kai.  
I was urinating as they approached my stall. I had tried my hardest to hang
  on, but it had defeated me, and I once more had to accept that I must now piss
  like an animal, and I was pissing profusely as Kim Kai was the first to reach
  my stall.  
To Kim Kai, there was nothing unusual in the sight of a ponygirl peeing on
  her straw in her stall, nor even in the fact a ponygirl smelt of the faeces
  that was caked on her legs.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon unfastened my chains and removed my bit. Hai Moon then
  poured chilling cold water on my bum and legs to wash of the shit and the flies
  that were inevitably crawling around my anus.  
I had noticed before, that the depth of straw in the stalls seemed to differ
  between ponygirls. It seemed a trivial matter, but still a little odd. It appeared
  to be related to time. I assumed some ponygirls had been longer in their stalls
  than others. But, even then, where was the logic in letting the soiled straw
  stay?  
Then I concluded it had some connection with heating. We ponygirls were,
  at all times, more naked than covered. The fouled straw rotted down under our
  feet not only stinking disgustingly, but also giving off heat as it rotted.
  You could see 'steam' rising from it.  
Night-Breeze had come from a neighbouring stable-block. I did not know why
  they had put her in our block; I mean the stable-block I was in. Obviously,
  with Noblesse-Oblige having gone somewhere else (sold to a farmer as a plough-pony),
  there had been a spare stall.  
Can a heart sink any lower than when a poor suffering creature is taken away.
  I cast down my head. I am ashamed to say, that I cast down my head as they
  led Night-Breeze out of her stall and took her away for the very last time
  I would see her. They took her, I knew with deep pity in my soul for her, to
  become a cow-pony: the poor girl was to be used as a cow: she was to spend
  the next, who knew how many years, kept only for the milk she was producing,
  and having it physically milked out of her tits twice per day like a cow.  
I had to wait to be fed. I still had my bit in place, even though I had been
  unhitched from the position in which I was obliged to sleep. Kim Kai was turning
  over the straw on which I had pissed so copiously, and into which my shit had
  been washed from my legs. Hai Moon was ready to scatter more straw on top of
  the straw I, and whoever had been the previous occupant of my stall, had soiled.  
I thus had a moment or two to look around. They were taking all the straw
  from the stall Noblesse-Oblige and poor Night-Breeze had occupied. It looked
  likely that the two Korean girls who looked after that stall, would load up

  ten or so wheelbarrow loads.  
Alena came in along with Jenna and Julie. Julie had the camera this time;
  Jenna would take care of sound for a change.  
"Where's the soiled straw off to? Urghh god it stinks!" Jenna asked Alena,
  Jenna sweeping a handkerchief over her nose whilst one of the toy-doll Korean
  beauties wheeled her fourth full barrow out of the stable block.  
"Market" Alena answered.  
"Get on with it you girls please" Alena, clapping her hands to punctuate
  her instruction, ordered the scurrying Korean angels, the second of whom was
  already putting fresh straw in the completely 'mucked-out' stall once occupied
  by Noblesse-Oblige and Night-Breeze.  
"Market?" Jenna queried.  
"Manure" Alena answered.  
"Manure" Jenna repeated, not as a question, but as a means of confirming
  she had heard Alena's answer.  
Nonetheless, Alena took this single word from Jenna as being a further query,
  and explained more expansively: "The local market gardeners buy most of it.
  Tomatoes for one thing. You will never have tasted tomatoes like them. Huge
  but succulent and full of flavour. I'm told the women running local horticulture
  call it 'girlnure' rather than manure: for the obvious reason! It fetches a
  hefty price, that much I can tell you for sure. These ponies are very fecund.
  Even their piss is promotive of birth and growth. There is a hormonal content
  to their piss and shit that plant-life simply thrives upon."  
"You've got an empty stall now then" Jenna rejoined.  
"No" Alena answered, "Gaynor has hired Javelin again. Now Night-Breeze has
  gone to milk production, Javelin will have the empty stall. Javelin had Night-Breeze's
  stall in the other ponygirl block last night. That's why we put Night-Breeze
  in here."  
I watched, as my mouth bit was being removed, I watched the name-board on
  Night-Breeze's former stall being changed, and the name 'Javelin' being placed
  there, a bit sloppily as I thought: the sign was left a little crooked.  
I licked my bran into my mouth. I bent flashing my lovely virgin's minx between
  god's own legs, using my stunningly attractive proud kiss-proffering negress'
  lips and bright pink pointed tongue to scoop up my bran. I was very hungry
  again.  
Then I kissed my water. I made love to my water with my gorgeous mouth. I
  kissed: I formed a kiss with my lovely lips as I sucked up water, and rose
  from the trough with my lips as wet as my lower lips had been as the flies
  had crawled over them on the preceding day, just as they were doing again now.  
"Wow!" said Jenna, seeing me innocently invitingly run my livid pink pointed
  tongue briefly over my moist upper 'come-on-and-kiss-me' upper-lip as I rose
  from my trough, and as she set up the sound recorder.  
"Is she one sexy honey!" Jenna opined of me, as a look on Julie's face behind
  Jenna's back told of a potential cause for murderous jealousy: me.  
I now pissed as I walked around my stall. To that degree I had already been
  made an animal. I simply walked around pissing because I needed to piss.  
I dreaded to think what I was going to suffer on that second day. My teeth
  were cleaned, my tail inserted, my bit was fastened, and I was led out into
  the courtyard to have my legs, pod, and armpits shaved. And, oh yes, and, of
  course and, and I was already smothered in flies.  
I had been tethered to the wall of the stable more loosely that second morning.
  More accurately, I was as tightly tethered, but on a longer tether. I therefore
  found I could look around at what was going on: and to look around gave me
  some distraction from the flies crawling on around and over my nipples and
  my completely depilated minx. It also saved my mind from the madness of desire,
  as my pretty stable-girls coated me all over with sunscreen: 'all over' including
  my pod and an innocent massage of my stupendous breasts: heaven and hell and
  hell and heaven: they were so gentle: oh god it was so arousing!  
My view of the cobbled yard on which my hooves clip-clopped as I moved, included
  the ponygirls from the other stable at the pony-farm. I counted eleven or twelve
  of them. I guessed it was eleven. Presumably it had been the even dozen when
  Night-Breeze had been among their number.  
They were being inspected by a girl that I thought must be Gaynor. My assumption
  that she was Gaynor, the partner of Fabrina, was only based upon the fact that,
  whoever the girl was, she seemed to be very much in charge, and I obviously
  already knew Fabrina and Alena by sight.  
Gaynor, assuming of course that it was she, seemed to be carrying out an
  inspection of the bottoms, the buttocks of the other ponygirls, the ponygirls
  from the other stable-block. I myself noticed that two of the girls had some
  kind of bright blue dye smeared haphazardly on their delightful rears, and
  that it was the names of these two ponygirls that Gaynor, again if it was she,
  was making sure of, before recording them on a sheet on a clip board, before
  the ponygirls were allowed to have the dye washed off them.  
"Looks like Javelin had some fun last night", Alena, on a tour of inspection,
  and just arrived to check me out, casually remarked to Kim Kai and Hai Moon
  as they finished coating me with sunscreen.  
I was, of course, led out to the trainer and began, all over again, to be
  taught how to walk and trot as a ponygirl, and not of course coincidentally,
  to have every last least vestige of spirit in me broken.  
Alena started my day at the trot. I was made to trot for a whole hour continuously,
  with Alena cracking the carriage whip behind me every time I looked even slightly
  likely to slack.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
Overnight. there had been a conference about me. Gaynor had brought light
  into the desperate state of concern Alena and Fabrina were in about my lack
  of ability to even walk as a ponygirl should, let alone trot or run.  
Gaynor had simply concluded that I needed breaking first. There was no use
  trying to teach me anything until my spirit and been broken, so that I no longer,
  as I obviously did at present, regarded myself as a human girl. I needed to
  be taught, no, I needed to have it drummed into me, to understand without question:
  I needed to know my place in the world. I must accept without challenge that
  I was now an animal.  
"It's been met with it before" Gaynor confirmed as she listened attentively
  to the other women running the farm, as all three sat in the library after
  a pleasant dinner and a couple of shared bottles of wine, from the farm's own
  winery: girl-wine: wine from the stunning Russian girls.  
At the conference I was to hear of much later in my life, Gaynor had, apparently
  sat and listened with patience, and then raised a hand to silence her companions
  before standing and running through her conclusions.  
"You have just got too close to the problem", Gaynor had begun.  
"If you stand back and make an assessment, Midnight-Pearl quite obviously
  thinks that she is still a girl. She thinks she is still a human being. All
  the books support that conclusion. Alena read the wrong subjects at college",
  Gaynor weakly joked.  
"Remember Johnson's paper 'Ponygirl Will', Johnson and Ming's chapter on
  'Ponygirl Assumption Delusion', Smith has a chapter, 'The Confused Ponygirl'
  and, what's the well known one&hellip;.you know the one?"  
"Majeka?" Fabrina half-heartedly prompted, naming another familiar writer
  of guidance on 'Girlponyculture' as ponygirl farming is, of course, called
  scientifically.  
"No, no, not Majeka, she was more concerned with the breeding side of the
  business", Gaynor mumbled, still trying to think of the name of the author,
  the author of the first book on the scientific approach to ponygirl farming
  Gaynor had ever come across: the book that had decided her to invest some inherited
  money in a pony-farm.  
"Gadinsky?", Fabrina suggested, but was politely ignored by the pondering
  Gaynor, as Gaynor paced the room.  
Then Gaynor clicked her fingers: "Sapphonica! Of course! Sapphonica: how
  could I not have remembered Sapphonica?!"  
"I've got Sapphonica's 'Foundation Girlponyculture' somewhere here", Alena
  confirmed, standing up to run her eyes over two abundantly stacked bookshelves.  
"If you can find it, let me borrow it a second please" Gaynor requested before
  taking the book found and riffling through the pages for what she sought.  
"I'm sure it's chapter two&hellip;" she muttered to nobody in particular.  
"Yes: it is chapter two, here's the passage that says in all, Sapphonica
  at her best. Though she only wrote for beginners and amateurs of course, it
  doesn't mean there is no value in her words. Here we are&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
'Chapter 2 - Delusional Retention of Human Connectivity' that's our girl,
  good old Sapphonica&hellip;. yea, listen to this:  
'There is an inevitability in the transference that all will not go smoothly.'  
"Right so far eh?!" Gaynor exclaimed, before reading on&hellip;&hellip;.  
'There is an inevitability in the transference that all will not go smoothly.
  This problem, for problem it clearly is, has been called by Johnson and Ming, "Delusional
  Retention of Human Connectivity" ('Ponygirl Assumption Delusion' Johnson and
  Ming - Crowborough University Press 1890).'  
'Johnson and Ming confirm the impossibility of successively making a ponygirl
  out of a girl who is not latently pony. The wise doctors go on to confirm that
  only certain girls in human society are latent ponygirls, and that the art
  of divining the latent ponygirl from among her sisteren is the prerequisite
  skill for the successful ponygirl farmer.'  
'The commonplace misunderstanding of Johnson and Ming's writings, is that
  all the would-be ponygirl farmer has to do, is take Johnson's ten confirmatory
  signs for the absolute certainty that a girl is latently pony. Johnson's guidance
  has, of course, been shown reliable to ninety-nine percent accuracy over a
  period exceeding one-hundred years. The concern, therefore, is not with Johnson's
  'confirmatory signs', but with the fact that would-be ponygirl farmers do not
  take full and / or proper account of identity thereafter.'  
'The latent ponygirl is, though usually aware of some aspects of her personality
  (and personality is a significant factor), invariably effectively totally unaware
  of her latency. As Johnson and Ming state, were it the case that a ponygirl
  knew she was pony, the term "latency" would have no application and identity
  not be the absolutely key problem it always is with such girls.'  
'"A ponygirl living as any other girl in society, will not be aware of the
  signs she gives that she is pony." (Johnson and Ming (ibid)). She may be, as
  mentioned above on this page, aware of some signs, but she will account even
  for those, with conclusions that are completely other than the fact that she
  is really a pony. Johnson and Ming produce research proving that even latent
  ponygirls living among and working with ponygirls, "do not register in their
  own minds that they themselves are really ponies" (Johnson and Ming (ibid)).'  
'Girls who are not pony, need to understand the magnitude of the step change,
  indeed the revolution the mind of a girl who is a pony has to go through. A
  girl who is a pony, being pony herself, will be unable to break away from her
  human identity, she needs to have it done for her.'  
'A latent pony has to be broken from the delusion that she has any equality
  with the human race. She is not a human. She is not a human, but will delude
  herself that she is, inter alia because of the human association of the term "animal" with
  something less than human. It is that association, the association of the term "animal" commonly
  made by humans, and of course accurately made when used as the commonplace
  to contrast with Homo Sapiens, that is at the heart of Johnson and Ming's "delusional
  retention".'  
'The latent ponygirl must have the fact that she is pony identified for her:
  she will not realise it until she is broken so that it becomes innate within
  her psyche, that she is animal and not human. She must be taught her identity.
  She will not know that she is pony. She can only be taught that she is pony.
  The teaching must ensure she understands that there is no element of pretence.
  She must accept her animal status: period.'  
'The key to successful transfer of a latent pony to her natural animal state
  is the breaking of the will. This has been shown by Johnson, Ming and, in her
  later works, Gadinsky, to be most quickly and effectively achieved by the: "deep
  and all embracing depth of tiredness that leads to mesmeric transference" (Johnson
  and Ming (ibid)), so the supposed human girl that was, slowly wakes each day
  to a pony characteristic she will have newly subconsciously re-foregrounded.
  A characteristic always there within her because she is innately pony: a characteristic
  that she has made subliminal hitherto because she has been inappropriately
  raised as human and thus has an overlay of delusional retention repressing
  and suppressing her pony animality.'  
'The innate pony must be deconstructed to be reconstructed. "She" must become "it".
  The useless misleading damaging layer of learned humanness must be erased.
  The Girlponyculturalist will be wise to perform this essentiality integrally
  with the pony's training. It can be deployed on the innate pony whilst it is
  still deceived as to its place in society and still living as if a girl among
  it. However, it must be recommended that the pony is removed from that it has
  no right to be among, so it will more quickly learn its lesser status and that
  it has hitherto been deluded and misled both by itself and by the misguided
  kindness of human beings.'  
'Whichever and whatever time and place are chosen, the mesmeric tiredness
  transference will forefront the pony to the backgrounding and removal of the
  human. Animal behaviour will be exhibited within days. Animal behaviour will
  be exhibited because it is the norm of behaviour for ponies. A human is a balancing
  act between civilisation learned and animal innateness. The ponygirl will quickly
  lose the learned aspect because it does not belong it because it is not and
  never was a human.'  
'Even in the delusional state, the innate pony is more animal than human
  in its character if not its behaviour. A ponygirl is an animal. A ponygirl
  living as a girl in human society is an animal that merely imitates human behaviour.
  That it can imitate human behaviour does not make a ponygirl a human. It is
  a disservice to humanity to let a ponygirl continue its deception. It is a
  disservice to the pony not to let it recover its animal state and be put to
  good use.'  
"There: that middle bit: 'animal behaviour will be exhibited within days&hellip;'.
  You said Midnight-Pearl was pissing all down her lovely legs on the trainer" Gaynor
  enthused.  
"Yes", said Alena, "She was".  
"Then your despair is for nothing ladies. You need to drive her very much
  harder, but the transference is underway. When she is instinctively urinating
  when she needs to, wherever she is at the time she needs to, then she is on
  her way to accepting that she is animal: case closed" Gaynor slapped Sapphonica's
  book shut. The crisis conference about me and my being broken as a ponygirl
  was over.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
Alena started my day at the trot. I was made to trot around the rotating
  ponygirl trainer, for a whole hour continuously, my trotting efforts accompanied
  by foul abuse of me, constant orders that I get my knees up higher, and the
  crack of the savage whip directly behind my swish-swung bottom and swish swinging
  tail, whenever I looked at all likely to slack.  
After that first hour, they put the hood over my head, and I was made to
  trot for two hours more.  
I ran: as I trotted, I ran with perspiration. The horrible flies crawled
  all over my body, but still found my jiggering joggering nipples as my titties
  endlessly bounced in rhythmic unison as I trotted: my nipples and my poor pod
  were their key fascination. The foul knowledge that many of these flies would
  have been feasting on faeces in the stables or the cow-pony barn before crawling
  on my face and around my eyes, and into and around my mouth: my mouth that
  I was unable to close because of the rubber gag bit I wore, made me feel quite
  nauseated.  
Alena and Fabrina were intending to take me beyond exhaustion: they had determined
  how to break me: how to make me accept I was animal, and they were going to
  pursue it without let or hindrance.  
If I showed any sign whatsoever of slacking, they cracked the whip behind
  me and saw me flinch in terror and renew my efforts almost before the last
  echo of the whip's 'crack'.  
I was a fit girl, but even the fittest girl could not take the way they were
  driving me. More than once I fainted, ending up being dragged around by the
  training machine; woken in shock by ice cold water hosed over my naked body;
  and ordered with curse and whip's crack, to trot again.  
The shear brutality continued all day. I spent an incredible four hours at
  the trot, punctuated with the cold water douches and savage language cursing
  me as a whore, and a bitch, and a slag, always accompanied by horrible adjectives.  
Finally, as even Alena and Fabrina had to accept my exhaustion, I was left
  being dragged around by the machine, my beautiful breasts rising and falling
  as I gasped for breath, tortured beyond further endurance, or so it seemed.  
The machine was stopped. I still hung by the rein running from my mouth bit,
  in terrible pain as my neck was bent back by the way my collapsed legs had
  left me.  
Water from the hose, water as cold as the south-pole did not rouse me. Increased
  water-pressure and two cracks of the whip brought me to my shaky very shapely
  legs. My hood was pulled off. Several flies that had been enjoying the beauty
  of my face and eyes and mouth within it, flew out, to taste my sweet sweaty
  nipples next. My hair, even my tight curly dark gorgeously lovely hair hung,
  still curled, but dripping with my perspiration. My beautiful brown eyes showed
  my complete and utter exhaustion.  
"Midnight-Pearl stand face this way" Fabrina ordered.  
I did as I was ordered.  
"Midnight-Pearl lift folded right leg so knee squash Midnight-Pearl right
  titty, toes pointing straight down"  
I strained to raise my wonderful right leg folded as ordered and thus display
  the orgasmic massiveness of the thigh of my folded leg. Initially I found I
  could not stand straight and raise my folded legs as high as ordered. I bit
  down on the gag as I tried to obey the seemingly impossible order. And, low
  and behold, I was doing it. I was in distress, but I was doing it. I was actually
  standing on my lovely left leg, with my right leg sexily folded in the 'display-leg'
  mode. Okay this was only the initial 'display-leg' position, but I had managed
  the physical difficulty even in my extreme exhaustion.  
"Midnight-Pearl good girl. Midnight-Pearl good girl" Alena praised.  
"Midnight-Pearl kick folded leg out straight up to sky and hold"  
I fought to do as I was ordered. Stage by stage they were teaching me to
  'display-leg'. I must learn to raise my leg in a snap motion so that it folded
  at the knee with the back of my hoof next my buttock, then raise my sexily
  folded leg to touch my tit, before extending my lower leg straight up, once
  my folded leg was touching my breast.  
Try as I might, I was not sufficiently supple to raise my gorgeous leg so
  that my hoofed foot pointed straight up.  
The camera filming my training torture took in the look of deep distress
  and fear on my face, as my lower leg insistently stayed at only a quarter of
  the dreadful distance it needed to be raised to please my mistresses.  
"Straighten your back whore!" Fabrina barked as my leg began to lower.  
"Not good enough. Midnight-Pearl learn stand 'display-leg' five minutes" Alena
  ordered  
But Hai Moon and Kim Kai were running enthusiastically up to collect me,
  and my second day of being broken was over as, clip clop clip clop clip clop,
  I was hurried back to the cobbled yard and the warm shower and washing sponge
  I so looked forward to.  
The physical beauty of the girl being showered by Night-Breeze's former stable-girls
  was unbelievable. I only saw a back view as the little Korean toy-dolls shampooed
  her dark-brunette ringlets, but I delighted in seeing her lovely, clearly massive,
  breasts swing out either side of her, as one of her stable-girls really got
  to work with shampoo.  
She was a white girl, with an all-over entirely natural tan. Her body was
  obviously fit. She had curves to die for. She wore a saddle belt to squeeze
  her waist down, as did all we ponygirls, but with her, if with any of us, it
  seemed the least necessary.  
She was turned so her stable-girl could shower her back. What a lovely face
  I saw! She was not pretty in the 'chocolate-box-picture' sense; she was beautiful.
  But again, her beauty was unconventional. Her nose was a little too big, her
  brown-green eyes a little too large, her mouth a little too sensuous, at least,
  as far as I could tell with the gag bit she wore. But, despite any individual
  minor flaw, her face in combination of all its assets had solacing loveliness,
  punctuated by a delightful little cleft dimple in the middle of her chin. Her
  face caught the eye and the eye was amazed with pleasure to see it. Her face
  lent pleasure to the world and delight to life. She was very attractive. She
  was an exceptionally attractive girl.  
Of course, I only noticed all this after my shock.  
I looked to see her name when her stable-girls turned her. I thought I saw
  'Javelin' on her head band. She looked at me with gentleness and with what
  would have been the loveliest and friendliest of smiles, were it not that she,
  like I, still wore a mouth bit.  
Of course, I only noticed this after my shock.  
Her penis was seemingly always semi-erect.  
Of course, I noticed this: this was my shock!  
When the lovely girl was turned, I watched with my eyes so wide-open it was
  a wonder that they did not pop out of my head. As she turned, her huge penis,
  it looked at least one-foot long even in its semi-erect state, waved side to
  side. Had I a thesaurus, I was so completely taken aback, that, had I a thesaurus
  I would also need a dictionary to find which synonym of 'astounded' might better
  define my complete and utter amazement at this beautiful creature, a girl with
  a huge penis and heavy, extremely potent looking, testicles: a massively well
  endowed girlboy.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
Having been showered and sponged down, I was clip-clopped back to my stall
  for my tail to be removed and for me to be able to feed and drink.  
Once that was over though, my two stable-girls surprised me by taking me
  to the back of my stall and fastening me by my left ankle, my left leg just
  above the knee, my left thigh, at my crutch, my waist, and my shoulders above
  my breasts, to a strong metal frame that seemed to have arrived there since
  I had left my stall in the morning.  
This frame in turn was very securely fastened to the sides of my stall.  
The tying of my right leg to a rigid steel splint using strong leather straps
  surprised me, and my screams of agony as my ankle was roped and the rope used
  to pull my splinted-rigid right leg where they would have me taught to raise
  it to obey their order to 'display-leg', shocked and silenced my fellow pony-girls.  
There was no mercy shown in forcing my beautiful right leg up to the sky,
  stretching my hamstrings and calf-muscles in the supreme extreme of the agony
  of hell as I bit down and nearly through my overnight rubber gag bit.  
The disturbance of my scream was followed by my continuing moans at the unbearable
  pain from my stretched muscles, but there was another cause for a flurrying
  in the stables. My fellow ponygirls were all tethered by their mouth bits stood
  upright for the night to sleep standing in their stalls and, even in my pain,
  I was aware of deep disturbance and fear among them.  
Even as tears of savage pain clouded my vision I saw what was disturbing
  them, as the stunning beautiful girlboy Javelin was led in and I could see
  that already, in anticipation of a night of pleasure, Javelin had a huge erection
  and her penis stood almost upright, throbbing and bobbing as she trotted in,
  led my Alena.  
Javelin's erection made her penis massive. She must surely have had a cock
  one-foot long. Her penis, never it seemed flaccid at any time, had seemed twelve-inches
  even in its semi-erect state. Now she was erect, she was either one-foot long
  for sure, or more: if she did not have merely a twelve-inch cock, she could
  only have been more than twelve huge inches because she was absolutely certainly
  not less.  
I slowly shook my head from side-to-side in my pain, taking in without really
  seeing that, although Javelin was led to Night-Breeze's stall, she Javelin,
  was not tethered by her mouth bit as we were or, at least this night, all the
  ponies other than I were.  
The other ponygirls seemed distressed and shifted in their stalls as if they
  were trying to escape.  
I looked over at the lovely Javelin. She was a stunning creature. I wondered
  why though: in my ignorance I wondered why she had a strap around her that
  squeezed the base of her penis and seemed to hold some kind of coloured block
  or sponge: a block or sponge of the same light-blue as the dye I had seen on
  the lovely bottoms of two girls from the other stable block that morning.  
"We'll be needing to tell the movie viewers what's goin' on here" Jenna remarked
  to Alena as Javelin's arrival on station for the night was being filmed.  
"Sure", Alena answered in a friendly leg-pulling imitation of Jenna's New
  York English.  
"We're breeding", Alena began to explain. "We need foals. We need new fillies.
  We need cow-ponies. For breeding, we hire a stallion. Javelin is our regular.
  She is very potent. Put her in the stables and she'll cover up to three ponygirls
  in a night&hellip;."  
"'Cover'?" Jenna queried.  
"Yes: 'cover'. A ponygirl is 'covered' by the stallion. In human terms; in
  crude human terms, she is 'fucked': to 'cover' a ponygirl is to fuck the ponygirl.
  'Cover' is the equine equivalent of 'fuck'".  
"So Javelin is here to fuck&hellip;&hellip;.I mean 'cover' the ponygirls.
  What in hell do you get from that?" Jenna asked.  
"A pregnancy of two or more if we are lucky", Alena answered. A ponygirl
  has to drop a foal&hellip;. I mean a ponygirl has to have given birth before
  she can lactate&hellip;&hellip;..I mean before she can produce milk. It will
  be thirteen years before a ponygirl's foal can become of use, but once she's
  borne a foal and dropped it, a ponygirl will only be allowed six-months before
  her foal must be weaned and the ponygirl herself put to milk. Once she is lactating,
  a ponygirl, as long as she is milked daily, will produce milk for two years
  or more&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;"  
"And when her milk production days are over?" Jenna asked, as if the question
  had been planted by prior rehearsal.  
"Look Jenna!" Alena began in well-acted self-defensive annoyance, "Whatever
  you think about the point behind your question, this is a business and there
  is no use in business for sentiment. There is a market for the meat. A ponygirl
  is only of use for the meat side of the livestock market till she is thirty.
  The meat has to be tender or it just won't sell. A ponygirl put to milk will
  yield for two years or so. After that&hellip;It's all done very humanely. The
  ponygirl is always masturbated as she is slow strangled: masturbated so as
  to get her full flavour in her meat&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; There are professional
  slaughterhouses&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;We do our own slaughtering, but not
  the butchery, that needs real expertise."  
If this question were not planted its answer would surely have caused some
  horror in the asker, and yet Jenna glibly next asked: "And what in god's name
  is that thing&hellip;that blue dye soaked thing above&hellip;. I mean that
  thing tied above on Javelin's lower belly above her penis?" Jenna asked.  
"Oh that. It's just a means of us knowing which ponygirls Javelin has covered.
  She is trained to cover the ponies from behind; not that she needed training
  since that's how animals fuck anyway of course."  
"When Javelin covers a pony the dye will paint the ponies hind quarters,
  and thus we know next day which ponies have been covered and where our next
  cow-ponies may come from", Alena concluded in answer to questions that seemed
  to have been rehearsed, question and answer both, for the camera that now ceased
  its day's filming.  
No light was ever unnecessarily wasted in our stables. As I continued to
  suffer the terrible hell of my splinted right leg having been forced up so
  that my ankle was but one foot forward of my chin, in the sudden darkness of
  the stable as the lights were thrown off, I heard the clip-clop of a ponygirl's
  hooves, I heard the clip-clop of Javelin's hooves, and, along with it I heard
  the violence with which the other ponygirls were fighting their bonds in fear
  and longing to escape. And then I heard the unmistakable sound of Flamenco-Firefly
  crying in fear. And then I heard Flamenco-Firefly gasp, and then scream an
  earth-shattering-teeth-clenched scream of extreme pain. And I knew that Javelin's
  brutal penis had been rammed home in poor Flamenco-Firefly's virgin minx. And
  then I heard Flamenco-Firefly's chains rattle rhythmically as she was being
  shagged by Javelin. And next I heard Flamenco-Firefly's cries of pain turn
  to moans of pleasure. And, seconds later, I heard Javelin's long loud grunt.
  And then I heard Flamenco-Firefly's moan of longing unsatisfied as Javelin
  pulled herself out of Flamenco-Firefly's cunt, leaving Flamenco-Firefly's minx
  dripping semen from the fucking she had received, and frustrated with sexual
  arousal that would have no satiation other than in masochistic frustration,
  for Javelin had no need of satisfying any pony bar Javelin herself. And I heard
  Flamenco-Firefly cry once more from her being no masochist and longing to cum,
  and from the truly dreadful fear she might have been made pregnant by this,
  the very first time ever that Flamenco-Firefly had been fucked.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 7 &ndash; The Giggle   
I had a heavy limp the next morning. My leg muscles, my calf and especially
  my thigh muscles, the muscles of my right leg pulled up overnight to the 'display-leg'
  position hurt dreadfully. Yet I was glad of the pain because my suspension
  with my leg tied up by its ankle had made me unavailable to Javelin, and because
  Hai Moon's lovely little hands were soon stroking my calf and the back of my
  thigh with the horse-liniment that was easing my leg muscles' horrible stiffness
  whilst causing a pleasurable one in my nipples.  
Even so, even though I had been unavailable to Javelin's ministrations, I
  was lined up along with all the other girls from my stables for inspection.
  Fabrina looked all of us over from our rears.  
Despite what it threatened, I noticed that a number of the other ponygirls
  looked tense and frustrated as if they had wanted what they had not wanted:
  as if their bodies had complained to their minds of the need for Javelin's
  stiffness within them to stroke their inner-minx muscles and take them to a
  cum, despite their overwhelming horror of a pregnancy.  
Apart from myself, the only other pony not with the look of combined relief
  that she had not been fucked, and longing to have been fucked by Javelin, was
  Flamenco-Firefly, who had tears rolling down her wonderful face.  
Fabrina smiled as she noted the profuse quantity of the blue dye that told
  of Flamenco-Firefly's having been covered by Javelin. Fabrina smiled and shook
  her head slowly, as if to say 'I'm not at all surprised', as she noted that
  Flamenco-Firefly's buttocks were the only ones smothered with the telltale
  blue. She had already checked to see that Javelin's pad was properly in place
  still, so it told her, the dye on the beautiful bottom of Flamenco-Firefly
  told her, that Flamenco-Firefly alone had been covered by Javelin that night.  
Fabrina's smile told that she could not blame Javelin for wanting the outstanding
  astounding beauty of Flamenco-Firefly, and perhaps to remind herself to order
  one of Flamenco-Firefly's lovely thighs from the butcher for a celebratory
  spit-roast, if there had been success and Flamenco-Firefly's dropping a foal
  nine-months hence, followed by her post-lactation slaughter two or three years
  hence, was now inevitable.  
Perhaps Fabrina did not know, as I and the other ponies knew, that Flamenco-Firefly's
  tears were also duplicitous. We had all heard Javelin return to Flamenco-Firefly's
  irresistible beauty four times in the night and Flamenco-Firefly whinnying
  to attract those visits; and yet none of us had heard Flamenco-Firefly cum
  with pleasure.  
Poor Flamenco-Firefly had betrayed herself. She had longed and whinnied for
  another covering, each time after the first because she needed and wanted satisfaction
  through the satiation of a cum; and yet each of and all of five times she had
  been left waiting and wanting.  
Flamenco-Firefly's body had driven her mind and now her tears told of her
  fears and regret. That night had seen the first sexual experience Flamenco-Firefly
  had ever had. That night had seen the only sexual experience Flamenco-Firefly
  would ever have. Flamenco-Firefly would now never ever experience a cum.  
Flamenco-Firefly's stunning beauty could in fact of course; only ever really
  have been answered by the love of another pretty girl. Only another girl of
  equal beauty could ever have satisfied the rare stunning natural wonder of
  a girl like Flamenco-Firefly. Flamenco-Firefly could not be made to go-off
  half-cocked by a cocked half-girl like Javelin. Javelin was not the girl for
  Flamenco-Firefly.  
Yet nine-month's hence, sexual satisfaction or frustration being totally
  irrelevant in such matters, Flamenco-Firefly would drop her lovely foal, breast-feed
  her for six or seven months, and then have her taken away, so that she, Flamenco-Firefly,
  could be farmed for her milk, until &hellip;&hellip;until&hellip; Yes: Fabrina
  would put her name down for one of Flamenco-Firefly's supremely hugely beautiful
  thighs when Flamenco-Firefly was eventually slaughtered and butchered, and
  invite all her friends to the roast: a roast to be toasted with copious quaffs
  of Russian girl-wine, or some from that sugar sweet little Inuit girl just
  coming into production.  
My daily shaving completed, I had expected to be returned to being broken
  by having to walk or trot on the ponygirl rotator, but I was wrong: I found
  myself being walked to the blacksmith.  
"This one's for Miss Ryan" Fabrina ordered the slightly obtuse farrier, with
  a hint of a nudge and wink in the emphasis given the name 'Miss Ryan'.  
"Miss Ryan?" the gentle-cruel rough simple blacksmith enquired momentarily, "Oh
  Miss Ryan" she concluded, seeing the annoyed look in Fabrina's eye that she,
  the blacksmith, had not registered more quickly the inference.  
"You've got it" Alena replied, "You've got it, and you've got all the necessary
  gear."  
"Yea" the blacksmith answered.  
I was tethered as I had been when I had been shod. I now knew the gentleness
  behind the bluff rough exterior of the blacksmith, and felt no nerves as I
  stood obediently, tethered by a single rein from my rubber mouth bit.  
"Cor ain't I lucky eh? Wot a bootee you is, and you is 'ere wiv me" the blacksmith
  coaxed to relax me "Day sed you was pretty and day wont wrong" I felt my heart
  melt for this gentleness and seeming appreciation of my girlness.  
"Yer is one lucky pony yer is. 'Miss Ryan' they keep callin' 'er" the farrier
  cooed.  
Behind me, to where I could not turn my head to see, I heard a metallic scraping,
  but after an initial flinch and flash of the memory of Noblesse-Oblige's scream,
  thought nothing more of it.  
"Miss fuckin' Ryan, my fuckin' arse", the crude farrier chortled, as if at
  a private joke.  
"Naa den. We gotta giwaff yer darlin'. Where Miss fuckin' Ryan comes frum,
  dey 'ave der ponygirls giwaffed. Mek yer luk all 'aughty it will. Yer won't
  nivver talk ter the likes o' me agen after yer giwaffed an' all 'aughty will
  yer?" she sweetly comfortingly teased.  
I could not understand what the gentle-cruel girl was talking about, and
  understood it less when she brought a long strong straight bar with a hinged
  round hoop at its centre, and put the opened-out hoop around my neck, before
  closing the hinged hoop and padlocking it behind my neck.  
I therefore stood with my shoulders bearing a long rigid bar that stuck out
  at least an arms-length beyond my shoulders either side of me. Each arm of
  the bar had open rings, halfway along and at their ends. I was totally mystified
  and in considerable awe as the bar was ore: the bar was gold. The bar was probably
  not gold all through, but it was plated with precious gold.  
Now the farrier was unfastening my lovely arms. She had undone my right arm
  from the wrist strap that formed one end of the manacle that tied that wrist
  up helplessly to my upper arm, and had put my shapely pretty arm out straight
  in parallel with the bar around my neck, fixing it to the bar by clipping closed
  the ring at its half length, just above my elbow, and the ring at my wrist,
  at the bar's furthest extremity. She threw aside my former wrist ties after
  she had repeated the new bondage arrangement with my left arm, and I now stood
  with my arms immovably outstretched as if I were crucified.  
To keep the circulation in my outstretched arms from stopping, I twiddled
  my dainty hands and pretty fingers as the farrier hummed whilst she went about
  the business of bringing a gold ring for my neck; and another gold ring for
  my neck; and another gold ring for my neck.  
Each and all of these gold rings were hinged at front as worn, with a nicked
  tongue and answering scabbard at rear as worn, so that closing the ring and
  pressing the tongue into the scabbard caused the nick to click and the ring
  to become immovably locked close-clinging-tightly around my graceful neck.  
One by one the farrier surrounded my neck with lovely gold rings. Each gold
  ring round in end-section profile, fitting close around my slim neck, building
  up from the gold ring formed my the centre of the bar, the straight gold cangue
  that held my gorgeous arms stretched cruciform.  
Each gold ring was a centimetre in cross-section-diameter, and each seemed
  to have its place in the order as one-by-one the rings around my neck were
  built up: a half dozen: then ten.  
It was becoming most unpleasant now. I had found the gold rings eye-openningly
  flattering to my beauty, honouring my girlness; but now each ring fitted was
  beginning to hurt my neck as it had to be forced into place.  
The blacksmith took no notice of my moans as she fitted yet another gold
  ring around my neck, and yet another gold ring, and yet another gold ring,
  and yet another gold ring, and yet another gold ring, and yet another gold
  ring until I wore seventeen gold rings, eighteen if the base ring of my cangue
  was counted, and I was suffering immense pain as if my poor neck had been dislocated.
  It had not, but it had certainly been horribly painfully stretched.  
My neck was now held imprisoningly rigid. As the blacksmith had forecast,
  I looked imperiously haughty with my head held so very high.  
Save that my extremely lovely face and body would look just as glorious in
  silver or base iron, gold was a wonderful colour for me to be decorated with.
  Gold has such association with the highest honour and beauty, so gold was my
  colour, or at least the colour best to contrast with my flawless natural naked
  negroid brown.  
With my gorgeous face held fixedly eyes-front-only at all times now, I could
  not move my neck a single micro-millimetre in any direction. My loveliness
  was sacrifice to the gold of my giraffing, being more enslaved thus, because
  I could not see myself anymore. I could not successfully look down bar to see
  the tips of my nipples, though that would be award of heaven for any other
  girl of course. Unless I were to turn my whole body, I could only look rigidly
  at the horizon or such sweep of the horizon as my sensationally-sinful-dark-chocolate-brown-eyes
  could survey.  
I was being prepared for 'Miss Ryan'. 'Miss Ryan', or rather her mother,
  'Melinda Ryan' so called, in what I was to discover to be a cover disguise.
  'Melinda Ryan' who was to gift me to her daughter, had demanded that her daughter's
  ponygirl be giraffed as per the custom in her homeland, and so I must suffer
  the constant agony of having my neck stretched as it now was, and being unable
  to move my head, as I now also was. But the erotic vision of my neck multi-ringed
  with wider diameter rings at base and top, curving in to smaller rings at centre,
  and then wider rings under my chin, so that my neck was concave-curve-encircled
  as if contained within the walls of a precious golden vase, or the true holy
  grail, was stupendously stunningly erotic.  
There was no waiting or patience or standing-on-ceremony about the piercing
  of my earlobes. The farrier brought open-ended gold bells that were to dangle
  from my delectable little ears, and made me howl with pain as she closed the
  sharpened tongue-spike through my ear and clipped the tongue-spike into the
  ring's scabbard so I was pierced and dangled the two-inch diameter gold earrings
  and dangling and dinging open ended ding-dinging bells, one on each pretty
  little ear.  
The farrier held a filthy cloth below my nose as she clipped a hole in my
  septum. I could not move my head, and was thus easy prey for the pincers pushed
  up my flared nostrils, pincers powerfully pinched to punch a hole through which
  a huge gold ring was snapped shut as my blood dripped and my eyes smarted with
  the pain of the hole punched in my nasal partition.  
And the gold ring was snapped closed in my nostrils, dangling from the hole
  punch pierced septum, so that another open-ended bell and its musical clapper
  could dangle from a ring. This time the ringer rang from the ring in my nose,
  and the dinger dangled over by gaped negress' gorgeous constant-kiss-lips,
  my lovely 'kiss-me-I'm-adorable' lips held open by my bit gag, over my justifiably
  proud, proud top lip.  
Sleigh-bells, closed sleigh-bells were fitted to the side of my nostrils,
  with arrow-headed pins that pierced my nose: pins with 'V' arrow heads that
  flicked open-out within my nose so as to ensure the pins took a one-way journey
  and the sleigh-bells they bore at their outer ends would jingle on my pretty
  nose forever immovably, as the pins were forced through my nose at its base
  just where my nostrils began to flare.  
My cry of pain as my lower lip, the lower lip of my mouth was pierced through
  in its middle with yet another gold ring from which dangled yet another open-ended
  gold bell, contrasted with the musical 'tinkle-tinkle' from my ear bells and
  my nose bells, as the chain from the ring through my negress' beautifully proud
  lower lip, dangled below my chin.  
But the cry of pain at the fixing of a bell to my lower mouth-lip, was nothing
  compared with my crying protest in horror and fear and pain as the farrier
  pulled out my left upper eyelid, and pierced it though with the sharp tongue
  of yet another gold ring, and repeated the agony on my right upper eyelid,
  clicking the nicked tongues of the rings through my top eyelids closed, leaving
  me with open-ended bells swinging and dinging in front of my gorgeous brown
  eyes, hanging, these savage bells, hanging from the bottom of my top eyelid
  rings, on chains that swung before my eyes, leaving pretty gold bells, open-ended
  gold bells, dangling on my soft face cheeks, the lips of these bells' open
  bottoms on my lower eyelids, among my soft tears of agony.  
The farrier knelt as she put six gold rings, six loose gold rings, with multiple
  sleigh-bells around them, around my slim ankles and lower lovely legs, and
  stood once more as she fitted two rings, one tailored to fit on each of the
  longer between-knuckle-sections of my eight fingers, to every one of my fingers
  and, one-only, on each of my thumbs: eighteen gold rings, each gold finger
  and thumb ring having a sleigh-bell fitted.  
Amulets: gold amulet rings were clicked closed around my widespread arms
  just above my elbows, and huge three-inch diameter open-ended bells dangled
  on chains from these.  
My sobs in pain were punctuating the heavenly music my heavenly face and
  body tinkle jingled the air of the blacksmith's forge with, as I cried with
  the extraordinary pain of being so brutally beautifully bedecked with dangling
  ding-ding, sing-ding, swing-ding, swinging singing bells, as my body was decoratively
  brutalised: as they treated me like the inhuman non-human animal I was now
  considered to be.  
Among the tinkling of my dingling dangling bells, all I heard was the farrier
  spit and a soft swift sizzle.  
The farrier spat to check its heat.  
All I heard was the farrier spit and a soft swift sizzle: I could not turn
  my head.  
The farrier spat to check its heat.  
It had dulled from the red.  
It was an oval with a large 'HSS-AR' in reverse: a large 'HSS-AR' in mirror
  in its centre.  
It had dulled from the red approaching yellow its end glowed when the blacksmith
  pulled it from the fire with her leather gloved hand.  
The farrier spat on its end to check its heat.  
Then she paused, not satisfied.  
Then she spat on its end again.  
All I heard was the farrier spit and a soft sizzle, the soft sizzle of rapidly
  burning-off spittle. I could not turn my head.  
Satisfied the second time, the farrier close-focused on my beautiful soft
  brown bare flesh, my girlsoft girl-complexioned skin at the top middle of my
  left buttock, where imperial buttock was becoming incomparable back, where
  my cheeky bum cheek ended and my girl-arched back began.  
She had forgotten her eyeglasses yet again. She had forgotten her eyeglasses
  on purpose. She thought her wearing glasses spoilt her looks. She had deliberately
  forgotten her eyeglasses, but she had branded a ponygirl before.  
I felt the heat even before it touched me.  
Even before it touched me I felt the heat and I knew, I just knew what it
  was.  
I felt the heat even before it touched me, and I became rigid as a post in
  absolute terror: I became literally petrified.  
Ruinously for any defence of my poor body I became rigid. My eyes stared
  as my mouth screamed and screamed and screamed as the farrier counted: "one;
  two; three; four; five" as she held the branding iron on my naked body: and
  the stench of, and the slow smoking sizzling of my slow burning flesh, underscored
  the air I vibrated with screams of excruciating-excruciating-excruciating agony
  that caused even Koala-Bare in a distant field to stop and suffer the whip
  yet once more to drive her as she plodded to pull the plough she was harnessed
  to in her long days at the front of and harnessed to the plough.  
I didn't cry. My pain was so unbearably enormously immense I didn't cry.  
I bore a brand: a hardly discrete one-and-a-half-inch diameter wide, three-inch
  long brand, labelling me with 'HSS-AR' within its evil oval perimeter.  
'Astrid Riento' was the real name of the girl to whom I was to be gifted.
  'Miss Ryan' was the cover name for Her Supreme Serenity the Princess Astrid
  Maria Poliphnia Sarahnaya De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento, the heir to the throne
  of the Queendom of **********, a tiny country located between Spain and France.
  I bore the wickedly painful brand 'HSS-AR' standing for 'Her Supreme Serenity
  - Astrid Riento' burned forever indelibly into my naked body.  
Labelled like meat, I was to become yet another animal owned by Her Supreme
  Serenity the Princess Astrid Maria Poliphnia Sarahnaya De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento
  to be used or not: to be used; or to rot in her stables just as she may choose.  
And as my unearthly scream of agonised agony as I was being branded, broke
  to a silent croak, I slumped in my bonds: I fainted with the pain of being
  branded with a near red-hot iron on my bare body.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
The hell of my branding, the torture of my giraffed neck, the agony of my
  arms being held permanently out cruciform, the savagery of the bells with which
  my adorable face was adorned, none of these saw an end to my breaking and training.  
No sooner did a bucket of the coldest cold water over my near nakedness rouse
  me from my faint, the faint I had fainted and not feinted at or falsified,
  than I was being led out of the farrier's workshop by Fabrina to be put through
  my seemingly never-ending paces once more.  
It had been Alena's suggestion that I should experience the crupper.  
This horrible leather belt showed me what the hoops at the bottom of my waist
  waspie were for. Alena fastened its slim black leather single strand to the
  large hoop at the middle-bottom-front of my waspie, and then pulled it up between
  my girl-lips, the petals of my pod, pulled it up hard before fastening off
  its divided ends to hoops on my waspie at the rear, either side of my swinging
  tail.  
I was made to walk. Fabrina put on a long rein and made me walk in a circle
  being chafed by the crupper with all my cruel bells a swinging jinging jingling
  jingle-jangle as I moved, tall and haughty not in nature, where I was warm
  and gentle, but in presentation with my gold ringed-around giraffed neck.  
Oh god it was heaven. The bells dangling from my upper eyelids were far the
  cruellest of cruelties aside from my freshly branded bare bottom, but the crupper
  pressed on my mons mound and excited my clit and it rubbed on my outer and
  inner lips and would have hurt and rubbed me raw were it not that I seeped
  and seeped abundantly my most girl secretion to steep it: I was marinating
  the crupper in my cognac as I walked.  
I walked proudly with my giraffed neck high, looking the height of haughtiness
  as I wiggled by, all jingle-jangle from my ankles, my elbows, and above all
  musically unforgettably, from the bells on my earrings, the bell on my nose
  ring, the bell on my lower-mouth-lip-ring, the bells at either side of my nostrils,
  and the brutal swinging singing bells that dangled from my top eyelids, causing
  to be blinkered by nature, as my eyelids were pulled down and I thus must cast
  my eyes submissively down to see anything.  
And I was walking, as a ponygirl should. I was being made to walk, as a ponygirl
  must. I was walking, as a ponygirl must. I was putting one tiptoed hoofed foot
  directly in front of the other and swinging my hips my beautiful bum and my
  tail, the tail at the end of the dildo forced up my anus, as I was masturbated
  on the teasing pleasing now soused and soaked crupper strap splitting my minx's
  petals.  
I was a girl in hell and heaven: a heavenly girl in hell. The mocking bells
  swinged and dinged. The brutally cruel bells on my eyelids swonged and donged.
  The pain from my fresh branding throbbed. My limp from having had my right
  leg forced aloft overnight was just perceptible, but the heaven in my minx
  from the tightness of the crupper was, to my complete horror, making me enjoy
  my extremely extreme humiliation and torture.  
For the next five nights I had my right leg tied up aloft to stretch its
  muscles. For another six days after that, the savage torture was carried out
  on my left leg. And every day between I was made to walk and trot.  
I must trot with my knees up at every step so my thigh was at or above the
  horizontal. And I was so musical now. At my every tiny move I tinkled. My ankle
  and finger bells set up a rhythmic jink, jink, jink, jink, jink, jink, jink,
  jink, jink, jink as I trotted with my ear nose and eyelid bells swinging and
  dinging: and indeed, my trainers took guidance from the uniformity of the noise
  I made as I jogged in trot, to confirm that I was trotting properly.  
I wore the crupper every day now. I am ashamed, deeply ashamed to have to
  admit that I looked forward to having it divide the lips of my pod and press
  on my clitoris.  
Of course I dare not show that it was giving me pleasure. Had I showed that
  I welcomed the crupper and that it was pleasuring me to heaven, they would
  have taken it away. At least, I assume they would. The other possibility is
  that my trainers knew full well what the crupper was doing. Indeed, now I reflect,
  the obedience and increasing conformity with their desires as to how I should
  trot walk and run, brought about by the tightness of the crupper within my
  minx must not only have encouraged them to continue fitting it but, from the
  way in which it was sodden with my cream when they pulled it out of my pod,
  must have revealed by depraved arousal as the source of their victory over
  my will.  
I was broken-in and trained for two more months. Every single day was the
  same. I was taught to obey without question. Every single night one or other
  of my legs was stretched, and my day's training would finish with the command: "Display-leg-right" at
  which I would fold my right leg in an instant flash with my thigh up against
  my right tit, before alofting my lower leg till I stood with my beautiful right
  leg held up, straight up like an erotic periscope, my hoofed big toe pointing
  to the goddess who must have created me, my erotic muscles shouting out my
  superlatively supreme dream girlness as I posed thus for as long as ordered:
  and the time got longer till I must hold the ordered leg, be it left or right,
  thus decoratively aloft for five whole minutes.  
This achieved, I spent a further week learning to walk in display leg mode.
  In this, I must kick a leg up to the stars, count to five before lowering sexily
  slowly and taking a step forward with it, and letting my un-kicked leg join
  it, before kicking my opposite leg to the sky once more count to five before
  lowering it, and thus on and on in the most demeaning, humiliating, and degrading
  manner.  
My multiple bells ensured I was now the least popular pony in my stables.
  I could not even breathe without several of my dangling bells dingling and,
  of course, my eyelids must flicker and my eyelid bells thus 'ding-ding' 'ding-ding'
  constantly. Sleep was very difficult with one or other of my lovely legs tied
  straight up to stretch its muscles, and with my eyelid bells, the rings from
  which my eyelid bells dangle dingled rubbing on my eyes and stopping me closing
  my eyelids fully together.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon were very gentle with me. The cruelty of my bells and
  the giraffing of my neck made them feel tenderness for me. Their loving kindness
  aroused me. All this brutality had made me extremely girl-sensitive. I was
  turned on in the instant of their touch. My body did not just posses sexual
  organs; my body was, as if it were, in itself my most sensitive sexual organ.  
At the end of the third week of my fourth month of captivity, I was introduced
  to my head harness and the carriage-reins.  
In training, in my endless training, I had worn a rubber gag bit and headband
  labelling me 'Midnight-Pearl'. The bit brought to me on this late day in my
  training was made of no soft rubber; it was a half-inch diameter bar of gold
  knurled and roughed into diamonded spikes so as to hurt my tongue as it was
  pulled back into my mouth over my teeth and onto my tongue.  
Strapped at the back of my head, the bit I now wore, came out either side
  of my mouth and ended in two horizontal hoops.  
This bit was cruel: very cruel. Its diamond-hard spikes hurt my lips and
  brutalised my tongue. It showed a new force; a renewed force; an increase in
  the desire to control me and use me. As if the fitting of my giraffing neck-rings
  and the brutality of the bells on my face including even my upper eyelids did
  not tell me that I was now enslaved beyond, far beyond mere enslavement, they
  must also hurt my lovely mouth to give me constant pain to mistress me and
  control me.  
What had I done to deserve this? After week upon week, month upon month now,
  of constant training, I was completely broken. I was pony: I was a ponygirl
  first and foremost and a human girl a million millennia ago. My instincts were
  now all ponygirl. Such fripperies as my humanness had caused me to indulge
  before my breaking had disappeared forever. I had been broken down to the core
  animal beneath the thin veneer of my human girlness, and reconstructed as a
  tamed and instantly obedient pony.  
Of course I still had my high human girl intellect. But, like all girls,
  I had animal instincts centred on the pleasure zone between my gorgeous legs.
  I was a human girl with a bright brain, but I also had tits, a cunt, and a
  womb, and a body and mind minded to have my cunt invaded for pleasure if I
  was fortunate, but for reproduction as the agenda hidden or open. I was made
  for sex and reproduction. I was a fuck machine. My wonderful sexiness was in
  reality only to get me fucked: my cunt was to be fucked, my womb filled and
  my tits would then feed my foal. I was, in sum, an animal and all my trainers
  had done was to take away all the falsities, all the deceptions that such as
  stockings and suspenders and brassieres and miniskirts superficially give a
  girl that she is something more sophisticated than the animal she is founded
  upon.  
My trainers had broken through to my foundations. They had stripped me, not
  only in the peripheral ephemeral sense of my miniskirts, a hugely beautifully
  filled bra, a pretty garter atop sinfully dark stockings on a gorgeous leg,
  with a low neckline showing supreme cleavage, and a face with lips that it
  should have been a capital offence not to kiss, but in the corporeal sense.
  All ridiculous, ridiculous for a ponygirl that is, 'civilised' niceties had
  gone. I instinctively urinated whenever I needed to wherever I was. I no longer
  sought privacy and the technicality of a lavatory-bowl in which to defecate.
  I had straw in my stable stall, I pissed and passed my shit as an animal should
  and it was now first nature, not second nature, for me to piss and shit that
  way. Even when I had had my monthly bleed, it had just seeped from me and dripped
  on my fantastically fabulous bare legs. That was how it should be for a ponygirl,
  and that is how it was for me: because I was now just a ponygirl: period. I
  was now just an animal: period.  
Up from the side of my new cruel bit, ran straps that held blinkers to either
  side of my eyes, and these were made doubly secure by the new headband on my
  forehead, being strapped behind my head with a link strap down to the strap
  that held the bit in my mouth. The headband, covered in gold-leaf in place
  of the one I ordinarily wore, blared out my name: 'Midnight-Pearl' in crimson
  capital letters on a white ground.  
Through each of the hoops at either side of my mouth bit, Alena now fed two
  short straps, one through each hoop. These straps finished in a sharp-toothed
  clip with a one-inch central tongue-spike and the seemingly inevitable bell
  dangling from them.  
The straps through the hoops at the ends of my mouth bit were prevented from
  falling through the hoops in my bit, by the fact that the straps ended at the
  mouth bit end, with hoops, gold rings, larger than the diameter of the hoops
  at the end of my bit.  
I had no idea what these short straps and the clips at the ends of them were
  for as of yet; but I was to find out soon, and it was to be very painful.  
Now came that very pain. Alena showed no compassion as she opened the toothed
  jaw at the end of the short strap dangling on my right breast, and forced its
  one-inch long tongue-spike into the milk hole of my nipple, before letting
  go the dog clip's jaw, so that the multiple teeth it had, gripped my poor nipple
  cruelly hard. Even in my gag I gasped with the pain and set my eyelid bells
  a jingle jangle as my eyelids closed and fluttered as the dreadful pain of
  the inserted needle burned in my brain.  
The same treatment was meted out to my left breast, and then long carriage-reins
  were fitted to the hoops at the end of the short reins running from my gag
  hoops to my tortured nipples from which two new bells swung and jingled as
  I breathed, still feeling the pain of the grip of the nipple-bits, for such
  was what the needles forced into my milk-holes and the clamps that bit my nipples
  were called. I had had nipple-bits fitted, and the short straps that ran up
  to the hoops siding both ends of my mouth bits were my tit-reins.  
The carriage-reins were in fact a long, one single long leather strap. This
  strap was fourteen or sixteen feet long, with a clip at either end. These clips
  had been opened to fix the ends of the single long carriage-rein strap, to
  one end each of the rings at the end of my tit-reins, the rings that rested
  against the rings of my mouth bit, being larger than my mouth bit end rings
  and thus unable to pass through them: the rings that were atop of my tit-reins,
  the short reins that ran from my mouth bit to my nipple-bits, the painful needles
  inserted in my nipples and held there with the toothed clamps biting on my
  poor nipples.  
"Midnight-Pwearlwhirly wearn cart wain obey", Alena informed me in the insulting
  way I was now addressed, the way the stupidest of stupid animals might be spoken
  to.  
"Midnight-Pwearlwhirly wearn cart wain obey. Cart wain pull Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  pwitty titty witties. Cart wain tell Midnight-Pwearlwhirly what do, by pull
  Midnight-Pwearlwhirly pwitty titty witties" Alena continued.  
My eyes closed, rubbed by the rings in my upper eyelids, my eyes closed at
  the insult to my intelligence and the cruelty of the demeaning and degrading
  use to which my lovely breasts were to be put. My eyes closed, and my eyelid
  bells dingle-dingled.  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly standy wandy, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly told goegowey,
  by two tuggy wuggies both wains both pwitty titty witties together"  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly standingwandying, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly told
  goegowey, by two tuggy wuggies both wains both pwitty titty witties together,
  and Midnight-Pwearlwhirly then goegowey walkly walkies"  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly goegowey walkly walkies, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  told twotty wotty with two tuggy wuggies both pwitty titty witties together.  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly goegowey walkly walkies, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  told twotty wotty with two tuggy wuggies both pwitty titty witties together,
  and Midnight-Pwearlwhirly then twotty wotty.  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly twotty wottying, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly told wunny
  wunny with two tuggy wuggies both pwitty titty witties together.  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly twotty wottying, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly told wunny
  wunny with two tuggy wuggies both pwitty titty witties together, and Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  then wunny wunny.  
When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly given one little tuggy wuggy both pwitty titty
  witties together, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly go back from wunny wunny to twotty
  wotty, or twotty wotty to walkly walkies.  
When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly given one big big biggywiggy tuggy wuggy both
  pwitty titty witties together, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly stoppy woppy: Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  go 'whoa' like gwood ickle pwony"  
"Midnight-Pwearlwhirly have two pwitty titty witties. Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  have one wight titty wittie. Midnight-Pwearlwhirly have one weft titty wittie."  
"When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly moveywoovying and Midnight-Pwearlwhirly wight
  titty wittie pulled, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly go wightwighty"  
 "When Midnight-Pwearlwhirly moveywoovying and Midnight-Pwearlwhirly weft
  titty wittie pulled, Midnight-Pwearlwhirly go weftwefty"  
"Midnight-Pwearlwhirly cwever gwirl. Midnight-Pwearlwhirly do what pwitty
  titty witties say Midnight-Pwearlwhirly do-do"  
"Midnight-Pwearlwhirly is cwever as her pwitty titty witties. Midnight-Pwearlwhirly
  feel what pwitty titty witties say. Midnight-Pwearlwhirly do what pwitty titty
  witties say. Midnight-Pwearlwhirly wewy cwever ickle gwirl and do what her
  wuvly wuvly pwitty titty witties say."  
The cruel insult to my high intelligence? The cruel insult to my high intelligence
  shamed me twice, once from the insult itself and once for the dampness in my
  pretty pod. I closed my eyes in my shame and set my eyelid bells dingling again.  
"What in the name of hell was all that in aid of?" Jenna posed to Alena in
  a pre-disposed questioning for the benefit of the camera that had recorded
  my demeaning instructions on the reins I wore. The question was posed so as
  to get a clear explanation for the future viewers of the DVD being filmed.
  Alena went over the ground again&hellip;&hellip;..  
"Midnight-Pearl is to be harnessed to a Giggle&hellip;&hellip;." Alena began  
"Hold it please: hold on there awhiles: hold it right there please Alena.
  What's a 'Giggle' for chrisakes?" Jenna intervened.  

"A Giggle is a gig: a Girl-Gig. A 'gig' is, of course, a light two-wheeled
  carriage. A 'gig' is also a flighty girl. The carriage, the gig that our flighty
  girl Midnight-Pearl will pull, combines the two meanings of 'gig' and takes
  account of the loveliness of a girl's giggle, and we call it, we call what
  is technically a Girl-Gig, 'a Giggle'" Alena explained.  
"Midnight-Pearl is wearing tit-reins", Alena continued, casually. "Midnight-Pearl
  is to be harnessed to a Giggle. The driver must communicate her commands to
  the pony. In a Giggle, the pony is some six feet in front of the driver. She
  can be reached with the carriage whip of course, but routine instructions,
  as opposed to spurring-on or punishment for misbehaviour, need more than mere
  voice command or the whip. A reasonably intelligent ponygirl can be taught
  to obey the commands she is given through her tits."  
"When a ponygirl is standing, a double-tug on both her tits together, tells
  her to walk: another double-tug after that, again on both her tits together,
  tells her to trot: a third double-tug on both tits in unison, to run."  
"Single tugs on both tits in unison tell her to go back to what she was doing
  before. So, if she is running, a single tug on both her tits through the tit-reins,
  tells the ponygirl to return to the trot."  
To order her to stop, no matter if she be walking, trotting, or running,
  all the driver has to do, is pull on both of the ponygirl's tits firmly and
  she will understand."  
"What about steering then?" Jenna enquired in an obviously planted question.  
"Steering is very easy", Alena replied matter-of-factly, "Obviously a ponygirl
  has two tits: repeated tugs of the rein on her right tit, is all it needs to
  tell her she must go right until both her tits are pulled once to tell her
  to go straight again; and repeated tugs of the rein on her left tit, will tell
  her she must go left, until both her tits are pulled once in unison to order
  her to go straight ahead."  
"It is very simple. In fact we have more trouble teaching the drivers than
  the ponygirls, and the drivers are supposed to have human intelligence!"  
"We have to remember that ponygirls are stupid animals. We used to use the
  mouth bit to guide them. But tit-reins are far more effective. After all, a
  ponygirl has two tits, and they might as well be used for something worthwhile" Alena
  concluded  
This was vilely degrading. It had been said in front of me so that the camera
  could film my eyes as the humiliation and insult to my intelligence and my
  beautiful body sank into my pained and tortured mind as I slavered uncontrollably
  disgustingly down my chin from my mouth being forced open by the cruel golden
  bit.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
I was harnessed in all bar the carriage-reins and the crupper the next morning.  
I had so looked forward to the crupper. Secretly, at least I thought it was
  a secret; I enjoyed the crupper exciting me. Of course I had no say on whether
  I would wear the crupper or not. I was only a ponygirl; such matters were for
  my superiors: my mistresses: my owners to decide.  
There was an electrifying buzz around the pony-farm that day.  
I stood obediently, the pain in my nipples from the nipple-bits having been
  inserted throbbed. I slavered down my chin as I so wished I could stop but
  could not control, so wide open did the gold Giggle-bit hold my mouth.  
I was harnessed in all bar the carriage-reins the next morning. But I also
  wore something extra: a strong slim steel chain dangled down from the strong
  hoop at the bottom front of my waspie: the waspie that unmercifully squeezed
  my waist to fifteen hourglass inches. This chain, like the crupper, divided
  into two chains, the single tail-end of its 'Y' shape being the end fixed to
  the front of my waspie, the 'V' at the top of its 'Y' formation, presently
  dangling loose, unused between my supreme thighs.  
The tail dangling from the dildo forced up my anus, swung in the breeze.
  I had been prepared with extra care by my delightful stable-girls that morn.  
Now I stood, held by Kim Kai with Hai Moon on standby. I had the long carriage
  rein on just one end of the rings in my mouth bit, and not actually, as yet,
  attached to one of my tit-reins. Kim Kai and Hai Moon had been given the day
  off school in honour of their hard work with me, and the honour of meeting
  royalty.  
For now, I stood with time to spare and stare, and take in the strange vehicle,
  a light carriage, that stood with its single shaft resting on a sawhorse, the
  end of its shaft being covered over so I could not see it: covered with a velvet
  drape, that seemed to have some kind of 'upthrusting' central support. The
  end of the shaft was covered as if it was to be unveiled in a ceremony.  
It had two main wheels: two multi-spoked: two golden multi-spoked main wheels
  and a single shaft: two golden multi-spoked wheels: wheels slim in profile
  with rubberised tyres and a single golden shaft: two main wheels some six feet
  in diameter.  
It could seat three. Pretty evidently, one would be the driver, and two passengers.
  All the seats were forward of the wheels. A third much smaller wheel on the
  end of a vertical strut, a wheel clearly able to rotate freely, both when and
  if it touched the ground and also in steering mode, dangled from the six-foot
  long single shaft. This was the Giggle's balancing wheel. It touched ground
  only to safeguard the comfort of driver and passengers if, for example, the
  ponygirl stumbled.  
I jingled as I merely breathed. My arms tied out as if I were crucified,
  each of my fingers and both my thumbs jingled as I flexed my pretty hands to
  stop the pain in my outstretched arms and my shoulders. My golden-belled anklets
  also jingle-jangled, as did the bell from my nose ring, the bell from my lower
  mouth lip ring, the sleigh bells imbedded in my nostrils at the side of my
  nose, the sadistic bells dangling from my ring pierced eyelids, and the bells
  dangling from my nipple-bits: the needles inserted in my nipples and held in
  with vicious clamps.  
The attraction to Alena, Fabrina, and Gaynor of giving me away, was royal
  patronage. We were arriving at the culmination of all I had been abducted and
  subsequently tamed and trained for.  
The attraction to Alena, Fabrina, and Gaynor of giving me away, was royal
  patronage. For the world to acknowledge that theirs was the pony-farm supplying
  the Queendom of ********** would, for Alena, Fabrina, and Gaynor, be a great
  coup. No amount of advertising or carefully planted publicity in the media
  could even approach equalling, acceptance by the royal family of a land where
  ponygirls overflowed the stables of the royal household, and only the very
  finest were accepted as additions. Their ultimate hope, the ultimate hope of
  Alena, Fabrina, and Gaynor, was to be able to put: 'By Royal Appointment' on
  their letter heading; but that might, they had concluded, be a little too ambitious
  just as of yet.  
"She is named 'Midnight-Pearl' your Supreme Serenity" I heard Fabrina say
  as a simply stunning petite blonde angel in the heelless tiptoeing riding boots
  I had seen the stable-girls in, glide-wiggled into view. Like the stable girls,
  this angel, with a multi-curled supremely soft blonde-white tresses tumbling
  to her ankles, wore heelless boots, but hers were of the very finest brown
  kid-leather.  
Within her white pure silk blouse her breasts were obviously bare. She was
  what: she was fourteen if that. Her breasts were very firm and had no need
  of a bra. Her nipples pushed out the blouse like tent-poles she was so firm:
  her young bosom, her virgin's breasts were so very firm.  
She wore tight white jeans tucked into her boots. Her shapely little bottom
  was a delight.  
Her face was the exception to even the exceptionally pretty. Though she was
  sullen and petulant as of this day; even a sulking pout was supremely attractive
  when worn on such an angelically pretty face.  
"One would have preferred the Gypsy, 'Flamenco-Firefly'. This one is not
  even half as pretty" Princess Astrid: the Princess Astrid Maria Poliphnia Sarahnaya
  De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento, announced.  
"But your dear mamma chose Midnight-Pearl for you your Supreme Serenity",
  Alena dared to reply.  
"You would do well not to quote dear mamma to me!" the princess responded
  politely but tartly, with a strong hint of teenage rebellion and spoilt boredom
  in her tone.  
"May we beg to give you Flamenco-Firefly as well, your Supreme Serenity?
  She is not trained for the Giggle but we have high hopes that she is with foal".
  I will order her to be branded&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;." Alena was stopped
  by a gloved hand, the kid-leather gloved hand of the overwhelmingly pretty,
  blue-eyed princess.  
"Have her whipped" Princess Astrid replied with a dismissive look on her
  extremely lovely face.  
"Your Supreme Serenity?" Alena enquired in total astonishment, querying Princess
  Astrid's seemingly unbelievable instruction.  
"One said to have Flamenco-Firefly whipped: one-hundred lashes. Do I now
  make myself clear?" Princess Astrid asked brusquely, like the spoilt child
  she was.  
"We will arrange it for when your Supreme Serenity can award our humbleness
  with her precious time to witness her order being obeyed" Alena, clearly still
  shocked by the instruction, answered as calmly as she could.  
"One has no wish to witness it. Just have her whipped" Princess Astrid dismissed
  the subject.  
"Immediately, your Supreme Serenity" Alena answered, looking to find a means
  of conveying the order and beckoning to Hai Moon, my stable-girl, with a view
  to using her as messenger.  
"Oh don't bother!" Princess Astrid then as suddenly pouted prettily.  
"Your Supreme Serenity?" Alena asked.  
"One said 'don't bother'. Don't bother with the whipping, one has changed
  one's mind" Princess Astrid answered.  
Alena curtsied her understanding of the changed order, trying not to show
  her relief that the cruel whim had been withdrawn.  
"And what is this ugly whore supposedly capable of?" the Princess asked dismissively,
  turning her attention to me.  
"Display-leg-right" Astrid ordered me, and in reflex I shot my tight leg
  to the sky and held its extreme beauty aloft.  
"She does have very beautiful legs, I'll grant you that" Princess Astrid
  pouted as she openly admired my alofted leg's curvaceous muscularity.  
"Whoa" came Alena's order, and I lowered my leg.  
"Display-legs-walk" I was ordered.  
I kicked my beautiful right leg straight up to the stars, then lowered in
  sexily slowly till my pointed hoof touched ground, swung my provocative hips
  so as to join my advanced right leg with my left, and then kicked my left leg
  to the heaven it was so clearly made in, and so provocatively advanced toward
  the adorably pretty princess, who was trying not to show how sexy she was finding
  my arousing display.  
"Whoa" her pretty as posies little voice called to me, with a hint of a lovely
  giggle.  
"You have done well with this pony," the petulant prima donna pronounced.  
"Thank you your Supreme Serenity" Alena and Fabrina, with clear relief in
  their voices, responded in unison, or as near unison as their pleased surprise
  would allow.  
"Would you honour us with a ride in your new Giggle" Alena asked very tentatively.  
"One will" the princess, still knocked out by the beauty of my legs, answered.  
Alena clapped her hands, and Hai Moon and Kim Kai rearranged my carriage
  reins so that they were now clipped to the rings at the end of my tit-reins,
  and I was led forward to the single slim gold coated shaft of the Giggle: the
  single shaft that rested on the sawhorse, so as to hold the two-wheeled, the
  two main-wheeled girl-gig in readiness for its pony: in readiness for me.  
Alena now matter-of-factly whisked the velvet cover off whatever it was that
  stuck upright from the end of the shaft, and I nearly stumbled in my sexy walk
  as I saw it.  
As I was being led toward the Giggle to be harnessed to its single shaft
  I nearly stumbled in my sexy walk as I saw it. It, that which Alena had just
  revealed, was the coupling to which I had absolutely no doubt I was to be 'attached'.  
It was gold.  
It was two-inches in diameter.  
It was gold.  
It was two-inches in diameter.  
It was gold.  
It was eighteen inches long.  
It was gold.  
It was eighteen inches long.  
Thrusting up from the end of the single shaft was the ponygirl coupling.
  It was gold, it was two-inches in diameter and eighteen inches long, and fashioned:
  it was fashioned: sculptured as an erect penis, and I knew, I just knew that
  I was going to be impaled on that brutal hideous horrible unyielding spike.  
"Mercy, oh god mercy, I am a virgin, I am a virgin, oh please god I am an
  intact virgin!!!" my mind screamed as my eyes closed and my eyelid bells jingle
  jangled wildly.  
My screaming mind surveyed my destiny as I began to shy a little in my reins
  and Kim Kai and Hai Moon both had to grasp my reins next my Giggle-bit tightly.  
I looked at the huge penis, at its brutal eighteen inches and its massive
  two-inch width as it stood upright at the end of the shaft, in front of a hole
  in the shaft.  
There was a dividing in the shaft's single straight length into two, before
  it merged back into one, and the one it merged back into held the brutal penis-coupling
  upright at its end. The division and subsequent re-combining of the single
  shaft left a hole just behind the penis-coupling.  
I was being turned around. I was having my lovely back turned so I stood
  with my gloriously bold and beautiful buttocks facing the shaft, facing the
  single shaft, with the horrible eighteen-inch tall penis-coupling touching
  my tail, the tail that dangled from the dildo forced up my anus.  
Fabrina and Alena now grasped my thighs and lifted me up. I was going to
  be impaled!  
"Mercy, oh god mercy, I am a virgin, I am an intact virgin, oh please god
  I am an intact virgin!!!" my mind screamed as my eyelid bells jingled madly
  with my horror.  
Let slide, I slid down the penis in milliseconds. I was terrified and unlubricated
  and the penis tore me. The penis ripped me as, let go by Alena and Fabrina,
  I slid down onto the penis-coupling, unlubricated by my cognac, but made slippery
  by the burst of blood, that followed a scalding fire that hurt like the branding
  iron as my hymen was ripped and my innocent virginity burst asunder as the
  pole pushed ever onwards its all-eighteen-inches into my hitherto intact virgin's
  virgin cunt, raping me to womanhood taking my innocent girlhood until I stood
  with it buried in me.  
What had been eighteen inches of cruel cold gold metal had disappeared. All
  eighteen unyielding inches were in my body. The penis-coupling's savage eighteen-inches
  were thrust up my cunt, and its top was buried in my belly. All eighteen-inches
  had disappeared, as the chain that dangled still from the strong ring at the
  bottom front of my waist squeezing waspie was taken between my legs, pulled
  through the hole, where the single shaft of the Giggle divided, divided itself,
  the chain itself was divided, so as to leave my tail dangling undisturbed,
  and then padlocked to two strong rings in the back of my waspie: the securing
  chains were padlocked to my waspie where hitherto the crupper had been fastened.  
The supporting sawhorse was being taken away. I was now harnessed to the
  Giggle. I was a ponygirl harnessed to the Giggle. My virgin's blood, the blood
  from my fresh ripped hymen trickled its crimson pain down the insides of my
  powerwonderful thighs as I stood fresh rip-raped to womanhood with my rapist
  still hard up my cunt, my haughty head held high with my giraffing neck-rings,
  my taunting bells a dinger-linga-ling from my nipple-bits, my lower mouth lip,
  my nose-ring, my nostrils, my viciously cruelly pierced upper eyelids, and
  my lovely arms. I stood tiptoed in my pony-shoe shod hoof-clogs with my lovely
  arms stretched out on my cangue as if I were crucified, and the bells dangling
  from my armlets, and the bells on my finger rings, constantly dingalingalinged.  
Alena curtsied to the pretty curly blonde haired angel princess, as she passed
  the princess the long black carriage whip, and my carriage reins, the reins
  that ran to my tit-reins.  
"One is happy to have passengers" the princess Astrid condescendingly announced.  
"We are the honoured ones your Supreme Serenity" Alena replied.  
Kim Kai held my reins close to my mouth bit, my Giggle-bit, as through my
  sensitive minx, through the penis-coupling forced up my cunt and held hard
  their by the crupper-chain, I felt movement six feet behind me, as Alena and
  Fabrina took the two places on the passenger bench seat at the rear of the
  Giggle, and then as the princess, the fourteen-year-old sulky petulant exceptionally
  pretty princess, sat her delightfully delightful little bottom on the driver's
  seat.  
Their movements, the movements of these very attractive women, and the exceedingly
  pretty girl, were working down the shaft of the cart and moving the penis-coupling
  inside me. My tortured minx was so sensitive that I could almost feel them
  move a finger, let alone as they settled their sexy bottoms in their seats.  
"Walkie" came the princess' pretty voice in command followed by two confirmatory
  tugs on my titties by use of the carriage rein to pull on my tit-reins, and
  thus confirm the command I must obey: to command me to walk by pulling twice
  on my tits.  
I began to walk putting one pony-shoe shod foot directly in line before the
  other, as I had been trained, and to pull the Giggle, I was being used as a
  pony, I was pulling a girl-gig, I was pulling a girl-gig, a Giggle, like the
  obedient trained pony I was. I asked no questions I walked as soon as I was
  ordered and my tit-reins were pulled, and I was pulling the Giggle to which
  I was harnessed by my minx, my pod, my cunt.  
I was obedience personified: no obedience 'girlsonified'. I was Midnight-Pearl.
  All the weeks and weeks of training and pain were paying back now. I was Midnight-Pearl,
  obedience girlsonified as she, Midnight-Pearl, as I Midnight-Pearl wiggled
  in my supremely sexy walk, obediently pulling the Giggle, fastened as a fascinating
  pony to the end of its six foot long shaft, pulling my two passengers and my
  driver, with all my bells a-pretty-jingljanglejingle with my arms stretched
  out on my cruciform cangue, a helpless hopeless prisoner girl, being subjected
  to the ultimate in degradation, being used as an animal, having been trained
  as an animal, being used as a donkey, an ass, a mule, a horse, a pony, a filly,
  a ponygirl to pull a cart for my mistresses, my human superiors, no longer
  my fellow humans, for I was now only an animal and no longer had any human
  status whatsoever.  
My obedience was unquestionably unquestioning. I was a highly intelligent
  girl but I had not questioned and did not question that I was now required
  to pull this gig. I had had all challenge against that I was now an animal
  pony, broken out of me. If my mistresses wanted to harness me to a girl-gig
  they had every right to do so.  
My mind did not challenge that what I was now doing was, what it was right
  and proper for me to be doing. I accepted now that I was less than human. I
  accepted that, if I were human to any extent, it was purely in my physical
  build. I had the body of a human girl, but that was to be expected: a ponygirl
  has the body of a human girl. A ponygirl can be as beautiful and attractive
  as a human girl; the difference is in status. A human girl forefronts her humanity;
  a ponygirl has no humanity to forefront. Once her animality has been forefronted,
  a ponygirl recognises that such humanity as she appeared to posses, was a veneer,
  better removed so that she can have fulfilment in her true place in the world,
  and leave the world of humans to the humans.  
It is sometimes raised that there is an 'interland', a zone between human
  and animal status, and that a ponygirl occupies that zone. That is quite simply
  not true. There is a clear distinction to be drawn between the enponied girl
  and a ponygirl. A girl who finds pleasure in being occasionally enponied, is
  a human taking delight in an exciting aspect of her personality and sexuality.
  A ponygirl is an animal: period. A ponygirl does not exist on the cusp betwixt
  human and animal-animals. There is a clear black and white, or rather black
  or white, demarcation. This may be rare in life but it can exist in fact, and
  there is no doubt that in very fact a ponygirl is an animal and not a human:
  period.  
As I wiggled and tinkled along, walking in obedience pulling the Giggle,
  I was only too aware of the sensitivity of my raped minx. I was, I know it
  is very naughty, but I was grinding myself on the penis-coupling. I was becoming
  aroused. It was horrible but oh so nice. I was becoming aroused and my sweet
  little pod was becoming moist as I was made to pull the Giggle to which I was
  coupled by my deeply penetrated cunt: my cunt filled with eighteen huge inches
  of two-inch diameter unyielding cold gold penis-coupling.  
I tried so hard not to let the naughty feeling in my naughtiest part please
  me. I was a ponygirl. I accepted that I was a ponygirl. A ponygirl has no right
  to feelings, no right to the naughty feelings I was feeling in my naughtiest
  part. I thought about the pain as the penis-coupling had ripped into me as
  my unlubricated cunt slid inexorably down and down onto its eighteen inches:
  but the thought of the dreadful pain now made me feel even more naughty.  
I was wiggling along, my bells, the bells on my ears, my nose, my mouth,
  my eyelids even, my arms and my titties, on the very painful nipple-bits inserted
  in my titties, with my naughty naughty cunty wunty all wetty wetty with my
  naughty waughty cweam.  
The dildo up my cunt bobbed up and down within me as I pulled the Giggle,
  with my sexy wiggle-wiggling hips swinging the more for my squeezed down waist.
  The penis was fucking me. I was being gently but insistently and uncontrollably
  slowly fucked by the penis dildo up my cunt going up and down up and down as
  I wiggle-pulled the girl-gig: the Giggle.  
I was feeling more and more naughty as I wiggled along. I must stop this!
  I must stop my body being naughty. I was only a ponygirl. A ponygirl has no
  right to feel naughty in this way!  
I thought of the penis-coupling as my cunt had slid down upon it, and the
  tremendous burning pain as my hymen, my intact virgin's hymen, had been reached
  and the horrible pain as my hymen was stretched, and the fiery red-hot-brand
  of agony as my hymen, my little protective septum, had stretched and stretched
  as its elasticity had been tested beyond its limits and had then snapped in
  an agonising instant so that its torn ends viciously whipped the walls of my
  vagina, even as my virgin's blood, the blood from my forever ripped hymen,
  spat on the penis that had raped her, and my virgin's blood had splattered
  out of my cunt onto my beautiful girl's thighs: and yet, at recall of the truly
  excruciating agony of my hymen being snapped, I felt more naughty still.  
My cognac was flowing as the princess tugged twice on my tit-reins, calling "Twot",
  and I began to trot as ordered, and my right titty was being tugged, and I
  took the gig I was being made to pull around to the right, and both my titties
  were being pulled by the tit-reins so I would straighten up again, and now
  my left titty was being repeatedly tugged to tell me to go left, and now both
  my titties were tugged and I obeyed by trotting straight forward once more,
  speeding along pulling the Giggle by my cunt.  
And my right titty was being tugged so I obediently went to the right as
  my right titty was used to tell me through my tit-reins what I must do. And
  both my titties were tugged and I must trot straight forward.  
And I was off the farm and pulling the Giggle down the road to the local
  town. And my bells were ringing 'jing jing jing jing jing' in rhythm with my
  trot. And as I passed poor Koala-Bare pulling the plough in the field, I saw
  her bum being whipped to drive her as she patiently pulled the plough. And
  the princess, Princess Astrid saw this too, and picked up the carriage whip
  and cracked it over my head as I obediently trotted pulling the two women and
  the pretty princess seating on the Giggle I hauled along with my cunt.  
"Wun!" he pretty princess called and I obeyed the order to run as my titties
  were tugged twice by my tit-reins to confirm her command, the order of Her
  Supreme Serenity the Princess Astrid for her ponygirl to run with the girl-gig
  Giggle she pulled with her harnessed cunt.  
And as I ran it was as if the crupper chain holding the penis-coupling up
  my cunt was elastic, as it might as well have been, as my bouncing bounding
  steps made the penis dildo dance up and down, and down and up, and in and out,
  and out and in, of my cunt, my cunt that was now sopping my sweet cognac. I
  was wetter than the wettest melon. My naughty naughty minx was dribbling and
  dripping my cognac.  
All my bells were a jingle jangle of jingle jangling jingle jangle as they
  bounced, by titty bells bouncing the most and my eyelid bells beating my face
  as they swung out and back and to and fro in front of my already blinkered
  eyes.  
And the princess whipped me.  
It was Princess Astrid's privilege to whip her ponygirl whether the ponygirl
  deserved it or not, and she just wanted to whip me; and so she whipped me as
  I dashed along all powerful and overwhelming powerfully beautiful legs pulling
  the Giggle with its three lovely lazing passengers aboard, pulling the Giggle
  with my cunt.  
And my bouncing bounding steps made the penis-coupling dildo dance up and
  down and down and up, and in and out and out and in of my cunt. And all my
  bells were a jingle jangle of jingle jangling jingle jangle. as they bounced,
  my titty bells bouncing. And my cunt was dripping my cognac as the penis-coupling
  fucked me, as I ran and ran and ran. And the princess whipped my bum without
  mercy to drive me to run faster. And I ran and ran and ran. And the princess
  whipped me and whipped me and whipped me. And I ran and ran and ran. And all
  my bells were a jingle jangle of jingle jangling jingle jangle, as they bounced,
  my titty bells bouncing and flouncing and swinging and dinging. And I ran and
  ran and ran pulling the Giggle: pulling the Giggle with my cunt. I ran and
  ran and ran. And the princess whipped me and whipped me and whipped me. And
  the penis-coupling fucked me, as I ran and ran and ran. And the princess whipped
  me and whipped me and whipped me, striping my bum with blood-red bleeding welts,
  as she whipped me and whipped me and whipped me. And I ran and ran and ran.
  And my bells jingled jangled and jingled, as I was pulling the Giggle: pulling
  the Giggle with my cunt. And I whinnied as the penis-coupling's eighteen cold
  gold inches fucked me, and the princess whipped me and whipped me and whipped
  me, and I ran and ran and ran pulling the Giggle as an obedient ponygirl, being
  whipped and whipped and whipped as I ran and ran and ran. And I whinnied as
  I came: and came again: and came again: as the princess whipped me and whipped
  me and whipped me, and blood flowed from the stripes as she stripped my beautiful
  bottom of its flesh with her cruelty, as she whipped me and whipped me and
  whipped me, and I ran and ran and ran, and my bells jingle jangle jingle jangle
  jingled, and I ran and ran and ran, and she whipped me and whipped me and whipped
  me, and I came, and I whinnied as I came, and I ran and ran and ran, and the
  penis-coupling went in out in out in out in out of my minx, fucking me unmercifully,
  as I ran and ran and ran, pulling the Giggle, pulling the Giggle and its three
  passengers with my cunt. And the princess whipped me and whipped me and whipped
  me, and whipped me and whipped me, and I ran and ran and ran and my bells jinglejanglejinglejanglejinglejangel
  jingled, as I ran and ran and ran. And the princess whipped me and whipped
  me, and whipped the obedient animal pulling the cart. And the princess' obedient
  animal whinnied with joy as it, for it was now an 'it' and no longer a 'she',
  animally, totally animally, orgasmed, and animally, utterly totally uninhibitedly
  uncontrollably orgasmed again; and again; and again; as the princess whipped
  it, and whipped it, and whipped it, so its buttocks were just raw stripped
  meat. And it ran and ran and ran pulling the Giggle, obediently unquestioning
  pulling the Giggle with its cunt: with the blood trickling down the insides
  of its beautiful thighs from its rape-ripped-raw cunt, as it obediently ran
  and ran and ran, being whipped and whipped and whipped: the eighteen-year-old
  university student, the astonishingly, outstandingly, astoundingly intelligent
  and beautiful Welsh negress, Emma Bronwyn Jones, now forever 'Midnight-Pearl',
  being whipped and whipped and whipped like an animal, as she orgasmed as an
  animal: Emma Jones the eighteen-year-old hitherto girl: the henceforth forever
  pony: the now for evermore Midnight-Pearl. Emma Jones, the broken; trained;
  obedient; eternal ponygirl. The former Emma Jones, now, externally and internally,
  eternally, Midnight-Pearl &hellip;&hellip;...  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 8 &ndash; The Palace   
As I continued to run as ordered through my tit-reins, pulling the Giggle,
  the girl-gig, with my cunt, I felt both my beautiful breasts being tugged,
  and I immediately obediently slowed to a trot, then my left breast was repeatedly
  tugged. Through the long reins Princess Astrid controlled her pony by: controlled
  me by, the fourteen-year-old pouting princess was pulling on the left of the
  loop formed by the carriage rein and thus pulling on my left tit-rein and thus
  tugging my beautiful left breast repeatedly to tell me to turn left.  
Midnight-Pearl obeyed the order it was being given through the pulling-up
  of its left tit: I obeyed the order given me through the pulling-up of my left
  breast: I pulled the Giggle into an open field. As I trotted pulling the Giggle
  with my cunt, I was hauling my three passengers on a shortcut back to the pony-farm.  
From the passenger seat of the Giggle, the bench seat behind the driver,
  Alena and Fabrina surveyed my savagely whipped buttocks and, unseen by the
  princess who was driving, raised their eyebrows in dismay at the sight of the
  site of the terrible and unnecessary cruelty the princess had meted out to
  me with the carriage whip. Flies were crawling in their hundreds on my bleeding
  whip welts.  
I was a river of perspiration as I hauled the Giggle back onto the path returning
  us to the stables. A single tug on both my breasts told me to slow to the walk,
  and I obeyed.  
I was a river of perspiration covered in crawling tickling licking sucking
  flies, and covered with sacrificial blood. I had been whipped brutally severely,
  and my cunt still bled from the tearing of my hymen when I had been impaled
  on the penis-coupling: the penis-coupling still buried its full eighteen inches
  within me as I wiggled my walk, swishing the tail sweeping upward parabolically
  from the dildo in my anus, and then dangling down.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon tried not to show their horror as they uncoupled me.
  The princess and my two mistresses had dismounted and left to discuss business.
  I howled with the pain as Hai Moon undid the rear fixings of the crupper chain
  from my waspie, and the eighteen-inch long two-inch diameter penis-coupling
  slid out of my still very aroused but no-longer intact no longer virgin minx.  
A horse-blanket was thrown over my naked body, to keep me warm as I sweated,
  and I was led to the stable yard, before having the horrible diamond-knurled
  Giggle-bit that had made my mouth and tongue bleed, removed.  
Ordinarily I would have welcomed the warm shower and hair wash I was now
  given, if only because it rid me, albeit very temporarily, of the accursed
  flies; but the soap stung my whip welts horribly. However I welcomed the horse-liniment
  as it warmed my leg-muscles wonderfully.  
My whip stripes were bathed with ointment and Kim Kai cooed to me: "Bwave
  ickle pwoney" as I winced when she pulled out my tail and smoothed the cool
  cream over the dream of my curvy bottom, now ridged by throbbing stinging welts.  
The same cream was used on my mouth lips, where the Giggle-bit had torn them.
  I then, after I had been allowed to drink water with my supremely succulent
  negress' lips - I was extremely thirsty - had a rubber mouth bit fitted, and
  jingle-jangle clip-clopped to my stall to be tied standing, to sleep.  
And I slept! For the first time since my abduction, I slept throughout the
  whole dark night.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
I was awoken before the five-o'-clock switching-on of the stable lights,
  by a terrible gagged-scream of pain. Moments later, the smell of fresh scorched
  flesh met my nostrils.  
Once released from my sleeping stance by Hai Moon, I ate lightly. I was drinking
  water from my trough and pissing at the same time, when poor Flamenco-Firefly
  was led back in.  
I could smell the horrible smell that told all we ponygirls, that Flamenco-Firefly
  had just been branded. A raw red, sore red oval was now deeply impressed in
  her lovely left buttock, near her back's base, and within the evil oval were
  the initials: 'HSS-AR'. Like me, Flamenco-Firefly had also been given to Her
  Supreme Serenity the Princess Astrid Riento.  
That morning, in the stable yard, my armpits and legs were shaved by my stable
  girls, and more ointment put on my whip stripes. Perhaps as a reward for the
  torture I had endured the previous day though, I was not put to any arduous
  training but, once I had been coated with sunscreen, allowed to wander the
  farm. Fences were high and electrified; there was no risk of my escape. Anyway,
  I could only just manage to walk. My whipped buttocks swung like hell and stung
  like hell and my buttock muscles were exceptionally stiff after my whipping.  
I wondered as I wandered clip-clop around the main cobbled farmyard. Even
  though I had been reduced to the status of an animal, I retained my human curiosity.
  I also combined that curiosity with both an animal and human awareness that
  I must not risk being caught where I had no right to be.  
In fact, of course, as I was constantly bound with my arms outstretched as
  if I was crucified, and was covered with decorative bells that tinkled and
  jingled constantly, I was hardly equipped for secrecy in any mission I might
  try to undertake.  
It was in these meanderings that I learned what a comparatively lucky girl
  I was.  
The double doors at the end of a large long barn were open. Pretty schoolgirls
  were wheeling out soiled straw. One would have called the girls with the wheelbarrows
  full of 'girlnure' stable-girls, save that I was pretty sure that there were
  but two ponygirl stable-blocks on the pony-farm, and this long low building
  was not one of them.  
In fact, where I was held captive was an expansion of the original intention
  of the farm Gaynor and Fabrina had set up with Gaynor's inheritance. They,
  Gaynor and Fabrina, joined later by Alena, who had also sunk money into the
  project, had originally intended to concentrate solely on Girlponyculture.
  They had intended only to capture train and sell ponygirls. The idea of breeding
  from a bull-ponygirl, such as Javelin, had been Alena's. The logical literal
  offspring, or rather offshoot from this, that cow-ponies be kept and a dairy
  thus set up, had followed as night day or day night.  
Alena had suggested the winery. She had prompted her partners to consider
  the importance of diversification. The mares born through the breeding took
  the best part of thirteen years to arrive at puberty combined with a semblance
  of maturity, and even then, needed two or three years before they were saleable
  ponies. A risky gap needed bridging.  
Fabrina had originally suggested agriculture using the girlnure. Alena had
  never been too happy with that proposal but, as the junior partner, since she
  was the latecomer to the partnership, had gone along with it.  
Agriculture was never going to be profitable in Alena's view, and she had
  not been wrong. Nonetheless, the pony-farm still had four ponygirls, put to
  the plough to prepare the growth of such as maize to feed the stabled ponygirls
  such as myself and the cow-ponies and girlwine ponies, and lend this and other
  elements of self-sufficiency to the enterprise, by for example, also being
  used to pull the mowers that produced the fresh-cut grass that was the main
  staple of the ponygirls' diets, as well as harvesting the maize and such as
  oilseed rape when the crops matured. All this kept the bills for feeding the
  animals, the ponygirls, down and the profits of the farm correspondingly up.  
The plough-ponies were also income earners, because they were loaned out
  to neighbouring farms during the ploughing seasons, but their produce, the
  produce from the fields they ploughed on this particular farm, was not sold
  off the farm but used on it.  
The plough-ponies were particularly popular with the local timber-merchant,
  who regularly hired them to haul logs around his yard and to pull loaded carts
  of prepared wood to the local rail-sidings.  
Alena's insistence on a winery had finally won through though. The winery
  was now, in fact, the biggest and most profitable part of the farm. This being
  so, it would be more appropriate to call my location a girl-farm, strictly
  speaking, rather than a pony-farm or a ponygirl farm.  
I was shooed away. I gave my presence away with the jingle-jangle that the
  fright from the sight through the end-doors of the winery gave me. I had never
  realised just how many girls there were on the farm. I would guess that I would
  not be wrong to guess that there were fifty lovely young women in the winery.  
I only caught a glimpse before I was spotted and shooed off, but my eyes
  burned a photograph on my mind of what I saw. The poor girls were kneeling
  in cage boxes. There were rows of open-ended-front-and-back square wooden compartments
  lined with straw. The girls were naked and had had their hair cut to ragged
  stubble. They knelt on the straw in their box with their wrists tied up to
  the rear of the box. The boxes were on top of one another: there were two rows
  of girls in the boxes, about twenty-five in the bottom row, and the same number
  in the one on top of the bottom row.  
I can only assume they had had their heads short shorn for hygiene purposes;
  but the sale of their hair for wig making or similar cannot be ruled out. In
  fact, as I was to learn later, they were being regularly shorn like sheep;
  so these girls were also being farmed for their hair!  
The individual girls were in a tangle of tubes. I only saw briefly, but it
  seemed that some kind of clear thick-glass hopper was above each of the battery
  boxes, and was dripping yellowish water into the girls' mouths via a tube pushed
  through a hole in a gag they each wore. Another tube came from a cup over their
  cunts, and they were obviously peeing into what looked like more glass hoppers.
  Apart from when they were fed, they clearly had to live all day, all week,
  all year like this and, their urination having been taken careful care of,
  to defecate out of the back of their boxes.  
Whilst I dare stare, I watched frozen in horror, as one girl had the empty
  glass hopper from which she had swallowed all the contents, replaced by the
  one into which she had peed; and the hopper she had drunk empty, put so the
  tube from her cunt would eventually fill it with her piss once more.  
A numbered wheel next the drinking hopper for this girl was then rotated
  to show '5', and I realised that what she now had to drink was the fourth or
  fifth recycle of her own pee. The poor girl was being made to act as a still,
  drinking and re-drinking her pee until it was of the thickness and quality
  for which the farm was famed: until it was 'super-strong girlwine'.  
Next to her a very attractive blonde, to judge from her hair stubble and
  eyebrows, had a good two-gallons of fresh water to drink to start the cycle,
  and the counter against her drink hopper read '1': so I realised that the counter
  must refer to the piss produced rather than the piss being drunk.  
It occurred to me that these girls must menstruate and, as happens with girls
  who cohabit for long spells, it was likely that their monthly periods would
  have begun to coincide. My flash question was answered in a millisecond, when
  I spotted filled bottles: clear glass ones labelled 'Circle6 Super-Strong White'
  and fewer green glass bottles labelled: 'Circle6 Super-Strong Red'. 'Circle6'
  seemed to be a brand-name.  
Shooed away from the winery I found something even more horrifying. In a
  new venture, girls were being prepared for meat. I do not mean that girls were
  being fed meat. I mean that girls were being kept on the farm with the full
  intention that they eventually be slaughtered and sold as meat.  
Thank goodness I witnessed none of what was going on in that venture. All
  I saw was a building the size of the winery, with a board above the closed
  doors reading: 'Circle6 Girlmeat - brought to you by the "Pure Girl" people'.
  Believe me, I trotted my lovely 120 pounds of pure girl as far away from that
  particular shed as I could.  
In a previous chapter I raised the assumption that such as this could not
  be true. My raising it that way at that time, shows exactly how my mind worked
  in regard to the matter. I could not accept it. I could not admit that it was
  possible. My sight of this building finally forced my subconscious to yield
  and stop shielding me from the terrible truth.  
The school had also been Alena's idea. The 'Equine School De Espa&ntilde;ola'
  was founded upon Alena's promise, therefore a university professor's promise,
  to remain its titular head.  
It was a girls-only fee-paying establishment, but fees were reduced if the
  girls volunteered to work on the farm. Most of the girls were pony fanatics.
  So, here was another symbiotic relationship: the school provided high-class
  education: the girl-farm provided practice in girlponyculture, dairy work with
  cow-ponies, agriculture with plough-ponies, a girlwinery, and, unfortunately,
  the raising of ponygirl livestock for meat. And all the assistance from the
  schoolgirls was 'free' insofar as they were paid nothing directly, and the
  part of their school fee foregone in recognition of assistance on the farm,
  was never greater than the profit element within the full price school fee.  
As I meandered around the farm, I saw Flamenco-Firefly, the freshly branded
  Flamenco-Firefly being led out of the farrier's workshop. Flamenco-Firefly
  wore all the gold rings I now did. Her gorgeous arms were stretched out cruciform
  by a gold cangue, and she had had her neck giraffed.  
This was horrible to see, but I sensed a happiness about Flamenco-Firefly
  as she clip-clopped at the end of a rein wielded by Gaynor. I immediately spotted
  the probable course for Flamenco-Firefly's recovered contentment, despite the
  fresh pain of her brand and her arms being stretched out as if she was crucified:
  Flamenco-Firefly was menstruating. Flamenco-Firefly had not missed her period.
  Flamenco-Firefly was happy because she was pretty sure that Javelin had not
  made her pregnant.  
My time at loose leisure was short. It appeared I had been let loose a while,
  because Alena and Fabrina had business to attend to. It concerned Alena's acceptance
  as a lecturer at a local university: she having already resigned from full
  time work at the English one I had been abducted from. This business sorted,
  Fabrina collected me and attached me by my lead rein to the exercise machine
  I had been broken-in on.  
Flamenco-Firefly was already tethered to the bar that through the central
  motor caused one to have to walk or trot in a circle. A different bar had been
  fitted. This one could have two ponygirls tethered to it. Instead of an inverted
  'L' coming up from the motor and central pole, there was now a 'T', and I was
  tethered by my rubber mouth bit to the other arm of the 'T' to Flamenco-Firefly's:
  the arm one-hundred-and-eighty-degrees from the sensationally attractive sixteen-year-old
  Gypsy girl.  
The simple order, "Walk" found us both obeying without even the need of the
  motor being turned on to make us move. We were being walked, Flamenco-Firefly
  and I, purely for light exercise.  
Flamenco-Firefly needed to get used to her cruciform cangue, her giraffed
  neck, her brutal branding, and the dreadful bells that hung, as with mine,
  from her fingers, her ears, her nose, her lower mouth lip, and her arms, including
  from her top eyelids. For my part, I was being made to walk to loosen my stiffness
  after my whipping.  
The degree to which we were both broken as ponygirls can be illustrated perhaps
  by the fact that, as well as us not requiring the motor to make us obey and
  order to walk, as we began to walk in a circle in obedience of that order,
  Flamenco-Firefly was openly unselfconsciously pissing, and yet I walked on
  over where she had pissed without any show of disgust or the slightest reluctance,
  thus demonstrating my acceptance that I was merely an animal now.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
The weeks passed. My whip wounds had healed. I had returned to trotting and
  running on the exercise trainer. I had also been left with Flamenco-Firefly
  for a whole day in an open field, and we had trotted and run around together,
  even without mistresses to order us to do so.  
I was beginning to find that I needed to avoid Flamenco-Firefly's lovely
  eyes. The way she looked at me, at my gorgeous body, made me feel very strange
  in my tummy: the way I had felt meeting Alena the day I had woken up in Alena's
  flat, indeed in Alena's bed.  
Don't get me wrong. I liked, I even loved Flamenco-Firefly looking at me,
  and I thought her absolutely astoundingly gorgeous. She was only sixteen. She
  was incredibly shapely, fit, firm, and lithe. I could go on for hours about
  how lovely she was&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; I was only two years older than
  her of course, but I did not want to lead her on. I felt some responsibility
  as the older pony&hellip; I mean the older girl.  
Loneliness, extreme loneliness had been our lot ever since our abduction.
  Contact with another pony&hellip; I mean another girl of course, would have
  meant an end to loneliness for the pair of us.  
I was not playing 'hard-to-get', I was just being cautious for us both. All
  I wanted was to communicate, but Flamenco-Firefly seemed such a randy little
  firebrand I feared she was after more than I was willing, let alone able, to
  give. I did not want to encourage what I was pretty sure she was after. But
  I had no way, with both of our mouths constantly gagged with bits; I had no
  way for me to say 'lets just be friends'.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
It was difficult to get us on the four-wheeled cart. With our arms stretched
  out as if we were crucified, it was a problem to get Flamenco-Firefly and I
  on the cart that was going to take us to the Queendom of **********.  
I was clip-clop clip-clop clomp, clomp, clomp, ting, ting, jingle-jangled
  up the wooden ramp first. As the canvas canopy that formed an inverted 'U'
  over the vehicle did not have an outstretched-arms-width between its sides,
  I had to stand sideways once aboard. With a jingle jangle jingle of all her
  more newly fitted bells, Flamenco-Firefly joined me and faced my way: we faced
  each other.  
The farrier was to do the driving. She slid the planks we had clomped up,
  onto to the back of the four-cart-wheel wagon she had loaded us onto, and then
  lifted shut, and put securing pins through, to hold the tailgate up where she
  had closed it.  
We, Flamenco-Firefly and I, were under the inverted 'U' of canvas, held up
  by inverted 'U' steel frames, but with no canvas back or front cover, so that
  a cool breeze blew on our lovely bodies as we stood. And as we stood, face-to-face,
  I was already casting down my eyes to avoid Flamenco-Firefly's blatant stare
  at my gorgeous face.  
With our necks painfully stiffly giraffed, neither of us could avoid but
  to look at each other.  
Close-up Flamenco-Firefly was a joy of nature. Surely no more wonderfully
  beautiful sixteen-year-old girl had ever been witnessed by a world that should
  have got down on its knees to worship her.  
I tried to get my mind on other things. I had noticed that we were to be
  pulled by Koala-Bare and another plough-pony I had not seen or heard of before:
  a raven-haired Spanish girl with very profuse wildly widespread curly pubic
  hair. She was called 'Jungle-Dream'. Koala-Bare and Jungle-Dream were bent
  forward like the letter 'L', and were fastened to the cart by leather yokes
  on their shoulders: yokes through the middles of which their lovely heads poked.
  They wore steel mouth bits, and the blacksmith had both their reins.  
This bent-over-at-the-waist 'L' position was the one Koala-Bare and Jungle-Dream
  were used to for all the heavy haulage and ploughing they were employed upon.
  They had worked as a team before taking wood from the timber-yard to the train
  sidings. The driver only had to tug the reins, and thus the bit in the mouth
  of the ponygirl on her right or her left, for both ponies to know they were
  being ordered to move in the direction of the girl whose mouth had been tugged.  
I would have been delighted to have seen the beautiful legs of these statuesque
  girls as they had to put their lovely shoulders hard to their yokes and tense
  their calf and thigh muscles to start us rolling on our way, but that was not
  to be my privilege.  
"Gidduppyaa!" the gentle-cruel blacksmith ordered Jungle-Dream and Koala-Bare,
  as she gently smacked the cart's reins on Koala-Bare and Jungle-Dream's bent
  backs: and moments later we began our slow heavy way to the Spanish border
  with the Queendom of **********.  
The farrier must have been completely mesmerised as she watched the gently
  grinding swinging roll of Koala-Bare and Jungle-Dream's round smooth sweating
  buttocks and swinging tails, as their fabulous legs pulled us slowly but surely
  and, of course, completely obediently along our two-mile way.  
I did not want it to happen, but in the instant of our moving, Flamenco-Firefly
  was rubbing her nose gently against mine. As we both wore mouth bits, it was
  the only way in which she could 'kiss' me.  
I wanted the 'kiss'; who would not want a kiss from such a beautiful girl?
  Now she began to rub her wonderfully firm pert breasts on mine, and I felt
  my nipples flicker with excitement. I could not shake my head to tell her 'no',
  so I tried to say it with my eyes. She instantly understood and felt the rejection
  add to her loneliness, and began to cry. As she saw my rejection of her forwardness
  from my eyes, Flamenco-Firefly began to cry: and so did I for having hurt her.  
I did not want to hurt the feelings of this lovely creature. As best I could
  with my giraffed neck and a rubber bit firmly in my mouth, I put my soft left
  face cheek against hers and gently caressed her cheek-to-cheek, and she sobbed
  and then began to giggle with joy at the 'human' contact we had made despite
  our bonds.  
And I rubbed noses with her to thank her for her lovely giggles, giggles
  that reverberated right through her superb body. And we rested our heads, such
  as we could with our necks giraffed, we rested our lovely faces against each
  other and, with our wonderful naked girl-sensitive bodies pressing against
  each other, we felt the comfort of 'human' warmth and Platonic love, as we
  lurched along in the cart taking us to our new home, with the brutal bells
  with which our faces were tormented ding-donging in our ears.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
Flamenco-Firefly and I were among any number of ponygirls that were strangers
  to us. We were new in stables new to us too. Kim Kai and Hai Moon were still
  our stable-girls. They had insisted on coming with me and had agreed to provide
  for Flamenco-Firefly too. The two-mile journey to school at Gaynor, Fabrina,
  and Alena's farm, was covered by the omnibuses that ran, literally ran in the
  case of the six-ponygirls harnessed to pull them, every hour, so they would
  not miss out on their education.  
Compared with the stables on the girl-farm, there was considerable luxury
  in the stables of the Palace of the Queendom of **********, though much of
  that luxury, such as marble floors, was necessarily hidden under the straw
  scattered to catch the ponygirls' piss and droppings.  
Of the new ponygirls with stalls near mine: 'Flaxen-Sky' was astonishing.
  She was a mousy-blonde haired Russian girl, all of six-feet two, with legs
  as long as the trip to the sun and back. 'Emerald-Smile' was an Irish colleen
  with corn-blonde hair and the brightest shiniest lightest green eyes I have
  ever seen. 'Autumn-Leaf' had the most glorious auburn hair. 'Speckled-Hen'
  was another redhead: she had a profusion of lovely freckles on her very pale,
  very pretty face.  
'Titiana-Titan', a gorgeous negress, had, or course, as you can tell from
  her name, the most enormous breasts. When Flamenco-Firefly and I arrived at
  the palace, she was already heavily with foal. Titiana-Titan's potential milk
  yield was phenomenal, and she was headed for the dairy as soon as she had dropped
  her foal.  
'Sparrow-Hop' was an adorable little thing. She was only fourteen: a brunette,
  prettier than the proverbial picture. Sparrow-Hop had been born on the palace's
  farm and raised as a ponygirl since she was just a foal. It is terrible to
  have to say that her dam (her mother) 'Lula-Lulu', having dried-up after a
  three-year spell as a cow-pony having her breasts milked twice a day, had long
  since gone to the slaughterhouse, humanely killed and her lovely body jointed
  for sale in the girlmeat market.  
The palace had its own farm and the ponygirl plough horses were mingled among
  us rather than being housed separately.  
Even after only a short while in my new stables, I was having a problem with
  a ponygirl called 'Naughty-Nymph'. I seemed to have aroused her jealousy, and
  had to watch that she did not kick me. I would never normally have indulged
  such a thing, but she made herself such a threat to me, that I managed to team
  up with Flamenco-Firefly one morning and, Naughty-Nymph suddenly 'accidentally'
  fell flat on her tits! I really cannot think how that could have happened!
  She left me alone after that. I felt sorry for her though. She was obviously
  very lonely.  
There was always a cacophony of ringing, dinging, donging bells in the stables
  I was in. I am sure there were a hundred ponygirls, ninety-nine and myself.
  We were all giraffed, with eighteen to twenty gold rings around our necks.
  We all had our arms held out cruciform. We all wore bells on our ankles, our
  fingers, our arms, our ears, our noses, our lower mouth lips, and dangling
  from our upper eyelids: what a musical dingle-ding-dinging there was all day
  and all night!  
Perhaps the palace had too many ponygirls. None of us were neglected, but
  few of us were fully employed. Perhaps it was policy to keep us fresh. I often
  spent my days roaming at will in a meadow. So too did Flamenco-Firefly.  
Although we could not communicate, we always wore a bit and talking during
  drinking and feeding would have been punished very severely, Flamenco-Firefly
  and I had developed an innate understanding, and would exercise by trotting
  around the field together, side-by-side, and sometimes, when we had a surfeit
  of energy, by playing 'tit-tag'.  
In tit-tag, one of us would chase the other till the ponygirl chasing managed
  to touch one of her tits on the girl being chased who was trying to avoid the
  touch. Then the girl who had been chasing was chased in her turn. With our
  arms tied up as they were, we had to use our tits, as they were our only available
  front facing protuberances. I called it 'tit-tag', but of course I could not
  talk to Flamenco-Firefly, so I don't know what name she gave it, or even if
  she gave it a name at all. We chased each other in naughty and saucy pony play,
  because we wanted to keep fit and did not want to become bored.  
Flies continued to be a dreadful nuisance. No ponygirl went anywhere at any
  time without flies crawling on her nipples and smothering her pod. Perhaps
  the darker flesh of a delicious nipple got warmer in the sun than the rest
  of one's pendulous protuberances. The flies would, of course, crawl on ones
  breasts, but they all ultimately made for the nipple.  
When it was really hot, Flamenco-Firefly and I would stand in the shade of
  a tree, alongside each other, facing opposite ways, so that by swinging our
  lovely bottoms, we could swish our tails across each other's lower fronts,
  to keep at least some of the constant filthy flies off one-another's minxes.  
We would stand for half-hour-long stretches in shade from the midday heat
  this way, swishing our tails across each other to drive the flies off one-another's
  pods, and flicking our tits to make them swing, so as to try and get the terrible
  flies off our own nipples.  
We all regularly shook our titties to drive the flies off. I could get my
  beautiful breasts swinging side-to-side in a microsecond. But the relief was
  always only momentary, as the flies flew back and began to crawl and taste
  my sweet sweat and, inevitably, tease and taunt my nipples once again.  
Of course you have a right to details here. It is very embarrassing for me,
  but you have a right to know. I would swing my titties from side to side, or
  up and down, to rid the beastly flies from feasting on my nipples. But that
  never worked for long, so I practiced making my titties go in a circle. It
  was a very dirty and naughty way to behave, but we ponygirls were all girls
  together, and we all had to find some way to get the flies off our breasts.
  Making my titties go in a circle also swung my bottom, and that swished my
  tail, and both these helped get rid of the truly dreadful flies; if only for
  a few seconds.  
Now I was no longer a technical-foal, having been deflowered by the Giggle's
  penis-coupling, my pubic hair had been allowed to re-grow, and if there could
  be such a thing, I almost had a fly's nest in my negress' very tightly coiled
  pubic curls.  
That was how very bad the flies were for we poor ponygirls. Flies were constantly
  crawling up and down my pod's lips. With the flies on my nipples and on my
  pod, it was a feat of supreme will not to become sexually aroused: I was and
  am a very very sensitive girl.  
I felt sorry for little girls like Sparrow-Hop. She was only just fourteen,
  and her breasts were still budding, so she did not have enough to swing. The
  flies just loved her peaky pointy pink nipples too, poor sweet dear little
  thing.  
We were well into the spring now and, despite the constant accursed flies,
  life trotting around a field and playing tit-tag with Flamenco-Firefly in the
  glorious sun was very pleasant. At some time around midday, our mouth bits
  would be removed for a while, a trough filled with cold water for our thirst,
  and a manger filled with fresh cut grass for us to eat.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
I could hear the howling at night.  
People say that they are no threat: wolves.  
On this part of the French &ndash; Spanish border, in the hilly and mountainous
  little enclave forming the Queendom of **********, wolves still roamed wild
  in the woods and hunted in packs. It was more than a little spine-chilling
  to hear their howling late in the night.  
There was, I was to learn, a myth that the royal family had rule over the
  wolves and could protect the public, mostly peasant farmers, from the wolves
  killing them and their families as opposed to savaging their sheep.  
This myth, 'that as long as there was a De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento girl
  on the throne, the wolves would kill no man woman or child in the queendom'
  (not that they ever would anyway), had grown over the years, and, around the
  year 1015, had prompted a wolf slain by a golden arrow to become the royal
  family's coat of arms.  
By the 21st century, as one would indeed hope, such ideas as that a sacrifice
  to the wolves in spring would keep them under the command of the royal family,
  who could thus thereafter order them not to attack the queendom's human population,
  was no longer believed in. Or so it was said outside the queendom at least.
  Inside the queendom, there were rumours of an annual 'spring sacrifice' to
  transfer the wolves' power to the ruling De Palmania-Thomasatto-Rientos.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
I had not been ridden solo before. Initially, I had no idea what was going
  on when Hai Moon and Kim Kai released my arms from the horizontal bar cangue,
  unlocked the cangue and took it off me.  
It was a gorgeous early spring early evening. School had finished five hours
  since. The princess had despatched Kim Kai and Hai Moon to saddle me up. The
  princess had a fancy for an evening ride under the rising full moon.  
I cannot describe what a joy it was not to have my arms out cruciform. To
  have a ponygirl's arms tied out permanently like that was very cruel, and I
  know full well that it was only done for decorative reasons as well, of course,
  in order to leave the ponygirl's breasts unencumbered for the tit-reins.  
Around my wrists they put black leather cuffs with a strong slim strap about
  two-feet long, linking the cuffs together. My slim shapely pretty arms were
  thus in front of me, hanging down at my sides, with my cuffed wrists lightly
  touching my upper-front-side thighs.  
Now Hai Moon brought a pair of stirrups, and I began to become fretful, as
  I recalled Hai Moon riding Koala-Bare so cruelly.  
Hai Moon struggled to fit the stirrups as I began to dance with my hooves
  a clip-clop clip-clop arrhythmic dance on the cobbled yard in my rising state
  of fear, my bare bountifully-big breasts flow-bouncing with the judder-ripples
  from my percussive feet.  
Kim Kai took a tighter grip of my lead rein, as Hai Moon managed to put the
  rings at either side of the stirrup for my right hand, on the little finger
  and the thumb of that hand, after removing my sleigh-bell rings from them,
  and clip the short chain running from its top, to the back of the leather strap
  that cuffed my right wrist.  
With greater difficulty, she repeated the treatment on my left hand, and
  I now bore stirrups, for which my beautiful arms were to be used as the 'straps'
  holding the stirrups ready for the rider.  
I was sidling with my dancing feet a clip-clop clip-clop as Kim Kai struggled
  to hold me in my rising fear.  
"Midnight-Pearl wewy naughty!" Kim Kai tried to sooth me.  
"It frisky. Need made tired. Need long stretch legs. Need good ridden hard" Hai
  Moon opined  
Kim Kai began to stroke my nose downwards time and time again: "Midnight-Pearly
  whirly wewy gwood ickle gwirly-whirly weally. Midnight-Pearl whirly not be
  fwitety-whitied. Dare now. Dare now. Midnight-Pearly whirly girly whirly, gwood
  ickle gwirly whirly&hellip;"  
My little fingers hurt. I had not experience the stirrups before. These were
  slightly different to the ones I had seen on Koala-Bare. The stirrups on Koala-Bare
  had also used her wrists, but had only used her index fingers for the steadying
  ring. The stirrups I bore, were like two capital-letters 'D' turned so that
  the flat side of the 'D' was facing the ground and my thumb and little finger
  wore rings on what had become the curved upper side of the 'D', now its flat
  side had been tipped to form the rod on which the rider would rest her boot
  as she rode me.  
As I was being calmed by Kim Kai, Hai Moon had brought the saddle. Like my
  saddle-band 'waspie', the tight strap that I constantly wore to hold my natural
  twenty-three-inch waist squeezed down to just fifteen inches, the saddle was
  about ten or twelve inches deep.  
Hai Moon operated from in front of me in case this frisky nervy ponygirl
  might kick. The saddle went around my waist with its bottom edge resting on
  the super-enhanced hips I had from wearing so tight a waspie. The three straps
  on the black leather saddle were pulled tight till it hugged my belly extremely
  snugly, and were then buckled closed.  
At the back of me was the saddle's pommel. The pommel was curved to match
  the exquisite curvature of a girl's back. Within the saddle, the pommel-to-be,
  as you might call it, was actually shaped like the blade of a spade used for
  digging a garden, only curved so as to match the curve of a girl: a truly amazing
  engineering feat! It was shaped like the blade of a spade so as to distribute
  the weight of the jockey around the ponygirl's back, when the jockey mounted
  her.  
It was sewn into the saddle with its lower end touching the bottom of my
  curvy-girl's spine, where my very feminine back began to become my equally
  feminine bottom. The 'pommel-to-be, made of steel sewn into the leather saddle,
  curved with my spine and followed its wonderful line. This curved steel followed
  my spine's line, the whole length of the depth of the saddle: the ten or twelve
  inches of the tight leather saddle.  
At the top middle of the saddle, having had the honour and supreme difficulty
  of following my all but unmatchable curvature, the pommel merged from blade
  into rod as, like the handle of a garden-spade, it emerged from the leather
  of the saddle in the form of a three-quarter-inch diameter round rod, that
  was angled out and away from my back at 60-degrees from the straight: not that
  my supremely girl-arched back could ever be called straight.  
The three-quarter-inch diameter round rod, rose rigidly free of the saddle
  some twelve inches, sticking out behind me, 60-degrees away from my body, from
  the top of the saddle, the rod's base being at about the height of the bottom
  of my ribcage. The rod, the pommel, was coated with leather and showed clear
  sign of having been kept moist. Steel-core and leather coating combined, the
  pommel was shaped to make, in effect, a three-quarter-inch diameter round,
  twelve-inch long penis.  
I was still being frisky and sidling as I clip-clopped the cobbles with my
  haphazardly dancing prancing clog-hoof shod feet. Another stable-girl came
  to Kim Kai's assistance, fitting another lead rein to my bit.  
Now Hai Moon must risk this stunningly superbly leggy ponygirl kicking out
  with one of her wonderfully fit and shapely legs as she, Hai Moon, went around
  behind me to fit the two ends of the 'Y' formed by the crupper that must be
  worn by me to secure the saddle on me.  
The crupper strap's 'Y' was taken under my tail, and the 'V' of its 'Y'-shape,
  buckled to straps hanging like suspenders from the rear back of the saddle.  
In her heart of hearts, Hai Moon knew that I was too gentle a girl to kick
  her.  
Whether the little schoolgirl Hai Moon could be adjudged as gentle as I,
  can perhaps be assessed by the strength and enthusiasm with which she pulled
  the tail of the 'Y' of the crupper up between my superb thighs, and horribly
  tightly between the soft petals of my minx, wide-dividing the lips of my pod,
  and notching it off at the buckle hanging middle-front of the saddle.  
My minx was dry, I was not lubricated by my cognac, and this vicious crupper
  strap threatened to rub me raw as I was ridden.  
They needed to steady me now, because I must be fitted with a riding bridle.
  Accordingly, as I still sexily danced with my glorious legs in my high voltage
  state of nerves, Hai Moon and the extra stable-girl, fitted lead reins to hoops
  at either side of the bottom of my waspie, and thus controlled me from the
  two sides of me, as Kim Kai took over my preparation, removing my rubber bit
  and the head band labelling me as 'Midnight-Pearl'.  
My bridle, combining mouth bit, blinkers, and new headband to confirm me
  once again as 'Midnight-Pearl', was once more in all black leather: all leather
  that is except the bit for my mouth, which Kim Kai struggled to fit as I resisted
  the cruelty of wearing a 'naughty-girl's bit'.  
A 'naughty-girl's bit' had two roller rods of steel between which my tongue
  was forced, before it &ndash; my bit &ndash; and my headband were buckled at
  the back of my head, thus putting the blinkers each side of my head beside
  my sin-invoking-dark-chocolate eyes.  
As with the bit I had worn when I pulled the Giggle &ndash; the girl-gig &ndash; this
  bit had rigid hoops at each of its ends: hoops that were sticking out beyond
  the sides of my face. I became even more restless and disturbed when I recognised
  that Kim Kai was bringing tit-reins with nipple-bits.  
The prospect of the one-inch needles of the nipple-bits being inserted was
  not even half as horrible as the painful reality as my nipple milk-holes were
  stabbed into by the needle tongues and the toothed sprung crocodile clamps
  bit down on my nipples to hold the tit-reins in place as I danced with my feet
  a mad clip-clop with the pain: pain I could not ease. All my bells were a tinkle-jinkle.
  These tit-reins did not have bells this time though.  
Riding reins, a strap some three-feet long with a clip at each end, were
  fitted to the rings at the end of my tit-reins, the rings that were sized larger
  than the rings in my mouth bit so as to prevent my tit reins falling through
  my mouth bit end rings.  
Finally, another strap, about two-feet long, was passed around the back of
  my head, and clipped either side of my pretty face to rigid rings in the lower
  of the two bars that formed the bit in my mouth: the lower of the two bit-rods
  between which my tongue was imprisoned by the naughty-girl's bit.  
One of the reins to hold me and lead me was now transferred to one of my
  mouth bit rings, and the remaining controlling rein taken off the hoop at the
  side of my waspie.  
I was sidling and resisting the lead rein as I was led to a mounting block
  on which the extremely pretty Princess Astrid Riento stood with her back to
  us, pulling on her white kid-leather riding gloves, the only clothing this
  fourteen&ndash;year-old perfect little angel wore, apart from knee-high white
  kid, clinging riding boots: boots that held her on her tiptoes as she stood
  on their squared-off metal capped toes: boots with little heels that did not
  even offer to attempt touching the ground, being only little lugs to lodge
  her booted foot in the stirrups. Boots shaping her short curvaceous legs by
  tensioning her muscles provocatively sexily: boots on which were fitted star-wheel-spurs:
  real spurs with eight spaced spikes at the ends of each wheel at the back of
  her almost heelless riding boots.  
Astrid Riento stood with her back to us, her simply stupendous blonde&ndash;white
  hair tumbling down to her heels. Having completed the pulling on of her soft
  leather riding gloves, she turned toward us, totally naked bar her gloves and
  boots, and even I gasped with astonishment, not only at her ravishing glorious
  young body and stunningly pretty face, but at the wonder of wonders of nature
  that was between her shapely legs.  
As the princess stood having turned now and having previously climbed the
  steps behind the marble block forming a mounting block, standing her, three-feet
  off the ground, in readiness for mounting her chosen ponygirl, me, I could
  not help but look at the blonde-white hair, the neatly bikini-line trimmed
  blonde-white pubic hair of the delectable deliciously delightfully delicate
  princess.  
I was completely astounded and astonished and stared! Princess Astrid was
  graced by an inheritance of the female line of the De Palmania-Thomasatto-Rientos.
  Her pubic hair was a mass of kinked blonde that dangled from around her minx:
  her minx being hidden somewhere excitingly dark within its fantastic forest.
  The little princess' pubic hair was dangling down well below her knees, halfway
  down her calves.  
I had never seen pubic hair so erotically wonderful. I shuddered to think
  how she could keep it clean when she had to answer nature's calls. That she
  had let it grow, only shaving her lower belly and the inside tops of her thigh
  sides of her crutch, showed how a girl must suffer for beauty: for this sight
  for sighs and eyes was stunningly exceptionally electrically erotic. And yet
  she had had it trimmed. Up until a few days before, Princess Astrid's kinked
  blonde pubic hair had hung down to her ankles!  
This was shear magic. I daydreamed of the orgasmic thought of watching this
  incredible girl washing brushing and combing her more than three-feet long
  pubic hair.  
Then, in an erotic gasp I reminded myself that she was a princess, and would
  have servant girls to shampoo wash blow-dry comb and brush to a shine this
  absolute wonder of nature.  
This sight was so powerfully erotic that I was staring at the wonder of it,
  against all rights I had in the world I now inhabited: such rights amounting
  to precisely none in fact, and certainly not that of ogling a princess' superb
  below-knee-length pubic hair.  
What I did not know, was that the princess normally wore her pubic tresses
  in ribbons, and only took the ribbons off for riding. Her pubic hair was normally
  parted and tied with two ribbons so that her maids could hold it to each side
  of her, when she used the bathroom. She also had the beribboned hair rolled
  up into two coils by the maids who dressed her, so it could be contained within
  her panties.  
What I also did not appreciate, as I should have by now, was that my looking
  at the princess was of no consequence. I was regarded as an animal. Animals
  can behave rather oddly. What a ponygirl thought mattered not one jot. It was
  a stupid animal, and should be treated as such. It could always be swatted
  with a whip to drive it off if it got in the way.  
My mind and my compelled eyes were quickly brought back to the reality of
  the then present.  
Keen to win praise from the princess, Kim Kai held me by my lead rein and
  Hai Moon, though superfluous, was in close attendance, once more keeping clear
  of my pony-shoe shod tip-top-tiptoed feet for fear I might kick, as I was still
  extremely skittish and frisky.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon curtsied low as they approached close to the lovely
  princess, who acknowledged them with a nod and smile.  
"You may speak", said the princess gently and kindly to my stable-girls.  
"Thank you Serenity Supreme for gracious kindness." Hai Moon whispered loudly
  in her broken English.  
"Serenity Supreme, Hai Moon fear Midnight-Pearl frisky ponygirl" Hai Moon
  warned, as I continued to pull on my lead rein, and to tug to the side with
  my hoofs clattering a dancing clip-clop, clip-clop on the cobbles, raising
  the odd spark in the sudden night dark; a darkness relieved by a very bright
  full moon reviving the daylight gone by reflecting some of tomorrow's ration
  from the other side of the world.  
The howl of wolves shivered the air with its spine-chilling threatening coldness,
  and a girl somewhere off in the distance let out a terrified gagged-scream.  
I became even more anxious. I was terrified of the wolves. I tugged hard
  on the lead rein and was working up a sweat, despite the cool evening air.  
The princess looked at me. She was a very experienced rider and had dealt
  with many a frisky frightened ponygirl.  
"You do me great kindness by your warning," the princess smiled to Hai Moon "This
  pony is very beautiful, and you have prepared it perfectly for me", she condescended
  to say in a kindly way.  
Having worked her fingers satisfactorily within her soft leather gloves,
  the princess completed the preparations for her ride, by putting the loop of
  a black riding crop around her right wrist, and checking its business-end by
  lightly tapping the folded-double leather strap that concluded its flexible
  black fibreglass shank, on the palm of her gloved left hand.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon curtsied once more and then led me to the mounting block,
  turning my back to it. From there, the princess easily practicedly took hold
  of my main reins, as Hai Moon and Kim Kai, by holding the strap that manacled
  my wrists close to one of my wrists apiece, forced me to hold my arms by my
  side, so that the princess could slide her cunt down onto the pommel of the
  saddle, so the foot-long pommel filled her cunt like a penis, whilst slipping
  the toes of her boots through the stirrups my hands had been forced to hold
  and form.  
My lead rein was unclipped and I had the pretty princess on my back pulling
  up hard on both of my tits as the inside-sides of her boots tapped me repeatedly
  on the outside-side of my upper thighs, in order to begin to bring order to
  my behaviour.  
I skitter-scattered around on my lovely legs to try and unseat her, my fear
  had got the better of my judgement and I was behaving as if I had never been
  broken, as if I did not acknowledge that I was a ponygirl and had to accept
  being ridden by my mistresses: my superiors.  
As I skittered on the spot, Princess Astrid checked my tit reins by pulling
  on the main reins to work my tits rapidly up and down. She was a very skilled
  ponygirl-rider, and quickly had me assessed as I skitter-scattered about, disobeying
  my orders even before I had been given any.  
The princess' shapely bare legs pressed my front sides as she pressed down
  in the stirrups to hurt my thumb and fingers to force me to keep my arms loose
  so that she could use them as stirrup straps. I felt her soft long long pubic
  tresses tickling my bare bottom, and instantly also felt an oozing of my cognac
  within my pod at its absolutely astonishing erotic stimulation at the thought,
  let alone as the reality that a seismically stunning fourteen-year-old angel
  like the princess had pubic hair so very long that it could blow in the breeze,
  as her three-foot-and-more-long pubic tresses were doing as of right then and
  right there.  
Having satisfied herself that my tit-reins were in order, Princess Astrid
  decided to put an end to my skittish sidling and friskiness: she tugged on
  the short rein, the other rein, that ran around my head from one end of my
  bottom bit to the other, and the lower half of the bit was pulled up hard so
  that my tongue was squeezed extremely harshly and very painfully between the
  lower and upper metal rods of this, my 'naughty-girl's bit', and, in the same
  instant, she swotted me very hard on my right bum hemisphere with her crop.  
My tongue still painfully trapped, squeezed between the two halves of my
  naughty-girl's bit, the reflex squeak I tried to emit as I leapt with the wicked
  sting of the crop on my bare bottom, hurt my tongue even more cruelly. I could
  not say: 'okay: okay: I surrender!' but, that I would do anything to have my
  pretty pink tongue released and to avoid another swat from the crop, immediately
  evidenced itself in my instantly modified behaviour.  
The princess 'felt' her rides. Her body, especially her legs, told her what
  was running through a ponygirl's mind when she, the princess was on the saddle.
  The princess knew I had surrendered. She let go the tongue clamp, ordered me, "Walkies" as
  she clapped my flanks with the inside-side of her boots and in the same instant
  pulled both of my titties upwards together twice, businesslike brusquely, to
  confirm her instruction in the way a ponygirl understands.  
All my breaking and training came back to me. Counting my experience of pulling
  the Giggle, I had learned to obey, above all, the orders given me through my
  tits. The oral orders coincided or preceded the tugs on my tits through the
  tit-reins, but the savage whipping I had been given as I pulled the Giggle
  had come from my pre-empting my tits. I had, as I had had a long agonising
  time to reflect while I recovered from the welts with which my gorgeous bottom
  had been lividly striped, almost anticipated the order to run on that occasion.  
I could therefore conclude, that even my thinking of starting to run on the
  instant of the oral order for me to do so, thereby anticipating by the split-of-a-split-second
  the two tugs on my tits to tell me to run rather than trot, had caused the
  princess, quite understandably, and entirely rightly, to lose her temper at
  my stupidity and punish me with a sound whipping.  
I was never sure that my conclusion was right. I really had no right to think
  about it. I was in no position to ask and it was entirely for my mistresses
  to tell me as, when, and if they chose to do so. A ponygirl was credited with
  some intelligence, albeit at a pretty basic animalistic level, too low a level
  for more than the simplest communication. Nobody was going to discuss with
  me why I was whipped so hard when I was pulling the Giggle. Even if I could
  be expected to understand, it was none of my business.  
Lesson learned: presumed lesson learned, I now had heard the order to 'walk'
  but had not begun to walk until the instruction was confirmed by the two pulls
  upwards of both of my tits through the tit-reins. I was proud that I had learned
  this lesson in more complete obedience.  
I had had the order walk followed by my titties being pulled upwards brusquely
  twice to confirm the command. And so, after I had gone sideways for three or
  four paces in the final echo of my nervous skittishness, whilst Princess Astrid
  tightened the grip of her thighs on me, in case I was going to attempt to throw
  her, I obeyed the order she had given me through my tits, through my tit-reins,
  and began to walk forward, knowing she would tell me through my tits, with
  or without confirmatory voice command, what I must do next, and that I would
  do whatever she told me.  
To get a ponygirl to understand that it was to feel its commands through
  its tits, and that that was why it wore nipple-bits with their one-inch-long
  needles in its nipples' milk holes, so as to make its nipples constantly painful,
  and the ponygirl therefore more constantly consciously aware of its tits, and
  that it must feel for the slightest movement in them from the tit-reins, that
  even a twitch from the tit-reins must be obeyed, was considered the ultimate
  ideal of ponygirl training.  
I was being ridden. I had a girl on my back riding me. I was being ridden
  like a pony. I was being ridden like a ponygirl. I was being ridden as a ponygirl.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
Princess Astrid Riento was a superb ponygirl-rider. She had been riding ponygirls
  since she was child, using a platform saddle to stand on to start with, and
  the standard seat-saddle once she was tall enough to see over the ponygirl
  when she, the princess, was sitting. Only since a month ago had the queen authorised
  her daughter, the heir to her throne, to use the pommel saddle, usually reserved
  for ponygirl racing, knowing, but not admitting she knew, that her strong-willed
  daughter had already anticipated the permission and lost her virginity riding
  'Maple-Syrup', a stupendously sexy Canadian-Indian squaw.  
I felt the princess' complete mistressy over me. She was controlling me routinely,
  not through the reins, which she held loosely, but through the strength of
  her shapely legs. The occasional squeeze of my trunk between her wide-parted
  thighs accompanied by a "Steady now steady" or a "Good girl" reassured me that
  I was behaving as required.  
She was light on the stirrups. Her weight being on the pommel, she did not
  need to hurt my arms by pressing down on the stirrups my hands had been turned
  into, using my lovely arms as the straps for the stirrups my hands had become.  
This too was good riding. Nothing stresses a ponygirl more than inappropriate
  weight distribution. The saddle on the ponygirl's back is where the rider should
  concentrate her mass: that is what the saddle is for. The stirrups are for
  the comfort of the rider, the reins for instructing the poneygirl, a good ponygirl-rider
  does not need to use stirrups or reins for support. In any case, the stirrups
  need to be kept at the ponygirl's side-front thighs, so as not to encumber
  it, 'her' if you will, in its progress.  
Sometimes a "good girl" or a "steady girl, steady now", was accompanied by
  the lightest of taps on my right bum cheek with the crop, thus combining praise
  and comfort building my confidence, whilst providing a reminder to me, that
  my rider was to be obeyed implicitly, and there was a very literal sting in
  the tail at the ready if I were to make a mistake or disobey.  
I was very nervous being ridden for the first time. To be pulling a gig was
  one thing. Pulling the Giggle, the ponygirl was at a distance from its mistress,
  and could even let its thoughts drift a little. To be saddled and ridden, put
  its superior too close at hand for it to dare to try and think of anything
  other than the last order given it through the tit-reins.  
The princess was a good enough and experienced enough rider to sense my novice's
  nervousness, and to recognise my wish to please, and so she reached and actually
  patted me on my right bottom cheek as she gave me another "good girl" which,
  because of my novice's nerves, had to be close followed by a "steady girl,
  steady" as the pride I felt at having earned her gloved hand's pat on my sexy
  bottom, made me momentarily forgetful.  
I was become less fearful. I had experienced the princess' wrath, now I was
  experiencing her skill and gentleness. She knew, as if by instinct, she knew
  what her ponygirl needed and was as ready with a reassuring word and a gentle
  tap of the crop, as with a heavy crop swipe and even the spurs if a pony got
  out of hand.  
Although I had never been ridden before, I sensed, rightly, that I was being
  ridden expertly, and I admired the princess' skill with me.  
My left tit was being pulled up repeatedly: instantly I veered gently to
  the left: a single gentle pull on both my tits followed and I began to walk
  straight ahead once more. "That's a good girl: good girl", the princess praised.  
We were heading for a path in the wild woodlands: a girlmade clearing in
  the trees.  
Once more I heard the wolves yowl, a fox's yap this time too, and a girl's
  gagged-scream. A chill went down my spine and I was instantly covered with
  goose-pimples, but continued to obey my rider, as a good ponygirl must. The
  gagged-scream was horrible and seemed to be closer now.  
We had entered the woods. Both my tits were pulled up hard, as the princess
  whispered "Whoa", and then gently patted my bottom again, in praise of my instant
  obedience: "good girl".  
I had stopped walking. She seemed to be looking around and listening. To
  keep me calm, she stroked my mane&hellip; Sorry, of course I mean my negress'
  natural tightly curly hair. I found it very sexy, but knew better than to react
  as a girl, and took it, as it was intended, as an a-sexual comfort to keep
  a potentially skittish ponygirl calm.  
Moments later a double-tug on both my tits ordered me to walk again, and
  instantly after, a gentle repeated pulling upwards of my right tit, ordered
  me to move in that direction, till a single gentle tug on both my tits made
  me go straight forward again.  
Again I heard the wolves howl, and this time too, I heard the close-by hooting
  horn, long and chilling in the cool moonlight, of a passing train.  
My hooves were cracking fallen twigs now as I was ridden off the main path
  through the woods, onto a sidetrack.  
Suddenly we came upon a clearing and both my tits were pulled up together
  hard. I stopped as my rider leaned over my shoulder to try and see what a wisp
  of cloud across the moon had momentarily hidden. Saying nothing, the princess
  reached and patted my bottom to praise me and reassure me.  
When the cloud had gone by, I nearly reeled backwards in fear as I suddenly
  became aware how close to the edge of a cliff-like shear drop I had been ridden.
  But my eyes too began to focus on what was happening in the hollow below.  
From the hollow below came the sound of a girl breathing very heavily in
  deep dark sexual pleasure. From the simply glorious redness of her hair, I
  just knew it was Autumn-Leaf. Poor Autumn-Leaf appeared to have been staked
  out on the ground. She was still in her arms-wide cruciform cangue, but the
  ends of her cangue were tied to two uprights, two posts that kept her in a
  kneeling position. It was obviously Autumn-Leaf's gagged-screams that I had
  heard earlier.  
Cries of uninhibited sexual pleasure and an approaching climactic crisis
  now came from Autumn-Leaf, before a cloud went over the moon once more, just
  as she screamed with an orgasm.  
It was only as that cloud cleared that I saw Autumn-Leaf's lovers.  
Autumn-Leaf was having her dangling breasts licked and tugged and fought
  over by six she-wolves, who had already made one of her nipples bleed, whilst
  a huge slavering male wolf was standing on its hind legs, with its front paw
  claws having also made Autumn-Leaf bleed by scratching her girlsoft skinned
  back. And it was truly horrible to see that it, the massive male wolf, had
  its cock deep in Autumn-Leaf's cunt, and was shagging her with slow burning
  fury, whilst keeping at bay twelve other male wolves waiting their turn to
  fuck the poor ponygirl.  
Autumn-Leaf was the spring sacrifice. Every year the royal family continued
  a tradition to assuage the wolves. Every spring they tied a ponygirl to the
  stakes somewhere in the woods where the wolves would eventually find her. It
  was Autumn-Leaf's misfortune, not only to have been chosen this year, but that
  for the past two years, the ponygirl staked-out for the wolves to rape had
  been a lactating cow-pony, leading the wolves to expect Autumn-Leaf's breasts
  to yield milk, and their now satisfying their desire for fluid from her breasts,
  by having bitten one of her nipples in trying to get milk Autumn-Leaf's breasts
  did not have, so that her nipple bled, and they could suck the blood.  
As we heard Autumn-Leaf's gasps of what sounded distinctly like another orgasm,
  the princess was pulling on my left tit to order me to turn.  
I could tell that the sight of Autumn-Leaf's ordeal had excited the princess
  sexually: I could feel her nipples go so stiff that they were almost scratching
  my shoulders.  
She was silent as she rode me back along the path with loose fallen twigs,
  that she had diverted me onto from the main forest track clearing.  
As we rejoined that clearing though, the princess was tugging up my tight
  tit with the reins, when to turn left was the direction in which to ride me
  home.  
I obeyed her order to me through my tit, and turned onto the main path, feeling
  both my tits pulled up once briefly, to tell me to now go straight, and then
  a double-tug on both of my titties together, ordering me to trot.  
To trot with the princess in the saddle on my back was surprisingly easy,
  she was that good a ponygirl-rider. I trotted lifting my knees high bouncing
  on my toes as my hooves fell on the soft ground. I was enjoying the exercise.
  My breasts bounced my bells jingled, the bells on my eyelids swung side to
  side till they hit my blinkers and then bashed into each other. The bell from
  my nose-ring kept hitting my bold negress' upper lip, and the one fitted to
  the ring through my lower lip, struck me repeatedly on the chin. With my severely
  wasped waist, a mere fifteen-inches squeezed, my bottom swung wildly with my
  steps, and I sensed that the princess was having the highest form of pleasure
  with the pommel up her cunt, as my steps slid her cunt up and down its pole.  
I was trotted to a clearing made for the train lines, and a single tug on
  both my titties, then ordered me to return to the walk. The princess walked
  me over the single train line and then pulled both my tits up hard to stop
  me, before pulling repeatedly on my left tit, to have me turn toward the train
  line we had just crossed, and which was now twenty-metres away.  
Princess Astrid stroked my mane as we stood waiting, for I knew not what.  
In the far distance I heard Autumn-Leaf's muffled scream of joy from another
  orgasm.  
A fox barked.  
A train hooted.  
I felt the princess settle herself in the saddle, check her feet in the stirrups
  and check the reins were arranged in her hands as she wished them to be.  
The train hooted again: already a surprising degree much closer.  
I could now hear the warning bell on the top front of the diesel engine clanging.  
I felt Princess Astrid grip her whip.  
The train was now in sight, but the princess held me still.  
Then the train was where she clearly intended to wait for it too be, as she
  pulled both of my titties together twice, and I began to walk, and she pulled
  both of my titties together twice more as I was walking, and I began to trot,
  and the train was getting closer and closer, and I was getting nearer and nearer
  to the line, trotting in obedience of my superior. And the train was getting
  closer and closer still, and now the princess was whipping my bum as hard as
  she could. And we had reached the line and I had lost the race with the train.
  I dare not cross the line for I was sure to be killed and the princess with
  me. And the princess whipped me and whipped me as I stood terrified, she whipped
  me and whipped me to make me obey her impossible order that I trot over the
  track. And the train horn was blaring like a foghorn, as the driveress had
  seen us. And I was disobediently trying to turn away in my terror. And to make
  me stay and drive me over the track, the princess dug her spurs into my naked
  thighs. And I screamed with the pain. And she dug her spurs into my thighs
  once more as the train was now thundering across in front of us whilst my hooves
  drummed the ground on the spot. She was determined to make me obey the order
  she had given me through my tits that I must trot, and so she whipped me and
  dug in her spurs. I felt, even in my absolute horror, I felt warm blood trickling
  down my beautiful thighs. And as if to confirm its cause, the princess dug
  her spurs into my naked thighs yet again. And I yelped with the agony. And
  she whipped my bottom as hard as she could, and drove her spurs into me. And
  she pulled hard on the second rein to trap my tongue brutally between the top
  and bottom cold steel bars of the naughty-girl's bit in my mouth. And the pain
  was horrific. And I was&hellip;.unbelievably, I was becoming sexually aroused,
  and my minx was loving the pressure of the extremely tight crupper dividing
  its lips. And my clitoris was dancing as the princess drove the spur wheels
  up and down my naked thighs and kicked the spurs into my inner thighs, and
  whipped and whipped and whipped my gorgeous bottom to make me go forward, even
  when it was impossible because the train was still passing, as she whipped
  me and whipped me and whipped me and whipped me, and again drove in her spurs.
  And the train had passed. And, from dancing on the spot being whipped and spurred
  in screaming pain and fear, I leapt forward at the trot with blood running
  down my beautiful legs. And the princess laughed like a maniac and then I heard
  and felt her orgasm. And she pulled both my titties twice to order me to run.
  And I ran as ordered, and she whipped me and whipped me and whipped me, and
  she orgasmed again. And then she pulled hard on both my tits together so that
  I stopped. And then she pulled on both my tits together twice, and I began
  to walk again. And she giggled cruelly as she tried to get out a completely
  ironic and intentionally deeply insulting and hurtful "good girl" as, after
  she had used me so violently viciously cruelly for her own satiation, she rode
  me at the walk back to the palace stables.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 9 &ndash; The Garden Party   
Blood was trickling over my sinfully sexy dimpled knees in my tiptoeing leg-skyscrapering
  hoof-clogs: over my dimpled knees and around my captivating calves down to
  my dainty ankles, as I clip-clopped in full obedience-trained ponygirl discipline,
  being ridden by Her Supreme Serenity the Princess Astrid Maria Poliphnia Sarahnaya
  De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento, back to the palace of her mother, the queen.  
I had been savagely used. I had been ridden cruelly hard. I had been whipped
  brutally. I had been stabbed by the spurs to rip my thighs, horrendously. And
  yet, such was the discipline instilled in me by my months of training, and
  such was the degree to which those months of training had broken my spirit
  and dehumanised me, that I was accepting that this was my fate. I was accepting
  that it was my fate to be enslaved as a pony. I was accepting that it was my
  fate to be forced to behave at all times as a human pony: a ponygirl.  
Kim Kai and Hai Moon, my stable-girls, were in no position to criticise the
  princess' abuse of me. Their looks of dismay when they saw what the fourteen-year-old
  nymphet had done to me, Midnight-Pearl, their pride and joy, as I walked under
  discipline and instruction of the tit-reins, and the naughty-girl's bit that
  imprisoned my tongue, were more eloquent than their tongues could have been
  on the subject, even if they were ever allowed to be, which they never would
  be.  
Subjected to the fearsome discipline of the subjugated ponygirl, my lovely
  face merely showed acceptance; or, rather, nothing. My face registered nothing,
  bar indications of continuing pain, because I was a ponygirl and all that had
  happened was entirely within the expectation of a ponygirl. At least, as far
  as I knew, that was the case. It was for my superiors to debate whether matters
  had gone too far. I could never be a participant in the debate.  
If my mistresses condescended to talk about me, I might be the subject of
  the discussion; but I was never ever going to be involved in the talks. I was
  just another animal on the palace's farm. Nobody engaged the hens in the design
  of their coops. Nobody asked the sheep if they would prefer to graze a different
  hillside. Nobody consulted the goats about their milking times. Nobody asked
  a ponygirl if it was content with its stable. Why should they? In what way
  was a ponygirl different from all the other animals on the farm?  
After curtseying, hiding their looks of dismay, my two stable-girls took
  hold of my bit reins at the sides of my mouth to guide me to the mounting block,
  where the dainty princess quickly skipped out of the stirrups made by my hands,
  and the penis-pommel-saddle on my back, discarding her whip and her gloves:
  simply dropping them on the ground as she went: dropping them where she pleased
  as servants would pick them up: that was what servants were for: dropping them,
  as she wiggled, entirely enticement on eternally pretty legs, into the palace
  to have her maids bathe her after her arduous ride.  
"Poor Midnight-Pearl", Kim Kai soothed as she ran the gentlest prettiest
  little hand over my soft face: and, even in the continuing agony of my spurred
  bleeding thighs and my wilfully wantonly whip-welted bottom, I felt my body
  react in sexual charge at the electrical shock of her divine and entirely innocent
  touch: her medicinal balm for my animal suffering.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
I was over a month in recovering from the torture inflicted upon me by the
  princess' riding me with crop and spurs.  
Immediately I had been unsaddled, I was showered and sponged clean, with
  gentle care that the horse liniment, used to ease aches in my leg muscles,
  should not touch my spur cuts. On the cuts caused by the brutal spurs, as on
  my lovely bottom where I had been violently whipped, the same ointment that
  had magically healed me, over time, even when I had been flayed raw by the
  carriage whip, was used to start my body mending.  
I was soon returned to the standard arms-stretched-out-cruciform bondage
  that all palace ponygirls were bound-up by when not to be employed for a solo-ride.  
Flamenco-Firefly and Naughty-Nymph showed great concern for my health during
  that time. When we were in the meadow, because my wounded thighs were still
  very painful, they would let me have their turns at the water trough, and even
  their quota of fresh grass if I desired it.  
It was no shock that the stunning Flamenco-Firefly should be that loving
  toward me. However, that Naughty-Nymph should display such generosity and care
  did come as a surprise, since she and I had had a falling out shortly soon
  after my arrival at the palace stables.  
I had assumed that Naughty-Nymph's attitude toward me in earlier times, had
  arisen over some kind of feminine jealousy. Since then, I had, I thought, worked
  out the angle she was coming from. Naughty-Nymph had, or rather had had, a
  desire for Flamenco-Firefly.  
Let me be absolutely truthful and honest here: there was no ponygirl either
  at the girl-farm where I had first met her, or at the palace stables to which
  Alena, Gaynor, and Fabrina had now given Flamenco-Firefly and I, that did not
  love or lust-after the stupendously sexy and tremendously attractive Flamenco-Firefly:
  and that includes me.  
Flamenco-Firefly was not as wild as nature: she was not as heavenly as nature:
  she was not as beautiful as nature: Flamenco-Firefly was nature girlsonified.
  Flamenco-Firefly was girl: period.  
Perhaps Naughty-Nymph had thought that I was Flamenco-Firefly's beauette,
  and that is why Naughty-Nymph and I had had a falling out. But that had become
  the past, as Naughty-Nymph now seemed to have transferred her affections to
  me.  
Time had gone by sufficiently for me to heal and once more therefore to join
  in the games of tit-tag in the meadow where now we three, Flamenco-Firefly,
  Naughty-Nymph, and I, frolicked and played.  
I say 'we three', but the sexy playful fun of tit-tag had spread like a virus
  among all the ponygirls. I marvelled too at how loving they all were to little
  Sparrow-Hop, who only had tiny but supremely firm little titties, and whose
  consequent double-disadvantage at tit-tag was generously allowed for, by the
  other girls, who would let the fourteen-year-old 'win' when she was having
  the turn to chase us, even when she hadn't really got anywhere near to touching
  another girl with one of her lovely little breasts.  
Racing and chasing and tit-tag, passed the long summer days for we ponygirls,
  lending some lightness and light to our heavy bondage burden. Considering what
  we might be made to do, towing a Giggle, hauling logs, pulling a plough: to
  keep fit, was of paramount importance. In common with many of the ponygirls,
  I would find myself trotting around in a circle in the meadow, in recollection
  and imitation of the many many hours I had had to do just that on the trainer
  when I was being broken-in.  
We were all young fit and healthy girls: so, it was inevitable that sex would
  raise its lovely head. Like any girl, even though I was now reduced to the
  status of ponygirl, I longed for affection, talk, touch: above all, a cum.
  Bound as we were, none of we ponygirls could indulge 'normal' lovemaking. For
  goodness sake, we could not even kiss, since our mouths constantly wore bits.  
However, it was not the first time that I watched Emerald-Smile and Speckled-Hen
  at play.  
For Emerald-Smile with Speckled-Hen, indeed with any girl where Emerald-Smile
  was concerned, she being such a randy little honey, the shade under the trees
  was a chance to let a ponygirl-lover, rub her minx on Emerald-Smile's gorgeous
  and generously available shiny smooth thigh. Somehow I resisted her tractor-beam
  green sparkling-champagne eyes, though it was not easy, because I had so often
  listened to the innocent cries as my fellow ponygirls had a cum on Emerald-Smile's
  leg.  
Learning by example though, I had offered my lovely thigh to Flamenco-Firefly.
  Unfortunately for me however, I had obviously confused the poor girl. When
  Flamenco-Firefly had tried to make love to me, when we were travelling on the
  cart that bore us to the palace from the girl-farm, I had rejected Flamenco-Firefly's
  advances. Now she gently declined mine.  
I sensed that this was not as revenge for my previous rejection of her, but
  from confusion that, when she had just now really thoroughly got to know me,
  and love me in the platonic sisterly way I had first offered, I had changed
  my mind from 'let us be just friends' to 'let me make love to you'.  
I confess that Flamenco-Firefly's rejection of me, albeit sweet and gentle,
  hurt. Spotting the look of near tears on my face as Flamenco-Firefly whinnied
  and turned her back from my proffered leg, Naughty-Nymph trotted up.  
Naughty-Nymph knew my leg was not on-offer for her to masturbate herself
  on its wonderful beauty. All she wanted to do was to 'kiss' me by rubbing noses
  to show that she sympathised that the stunning Flamenco-Firefly had rejected
  my advances, as indeed the supremely desirable Flamenco-Firefly had refused
  every other ponygirls' wished-for chance with her.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
Naughty-Nymph and I were two of a kind in physical and facial build and characteristics.
  We were, of course, not twins. We were a variant shade of negress-brown: I
  was a lighter shade than she. Our eyes were a different shade of brown: mine
  darker by a seductive-devil's-worth than hers. My breasts were bigger than
  hers, and so too were my nipples. My hair was darker than hers. We were, though,
  not so different as not to be facially and 'figuratively' speaking ('vital
  statistically' that is) closely similar.  
In pony-parlance, we were both 'bays': chestnut-skinned with black manes
  and tails.  
Whether the similarity in build and appearance of Naughty-Nymph and I, had
  been any part in the thinking when the palace had acquired me, I never knew.
  But I was to be chosen along with Naughty-Nymph for some special training.  
The essence of the intention of the training we began to undergo, Naughty-Nymph
  and I, after the princess herself had ordered it, was to work in step-unison,
  side-by-side.  
For this, the left end of my arm-stretch cangue was linked by the shortest
  of strong gold chains to the right end of Naughty-Nymph's cangue. We could
  actually touch hands. I found that incredibly erotic!  
We were harnessed thus, by our cangues alone, and made to walk on the rotator,
  alternating direction from one hour to the next, learning to walk in smart-march
  unison, with our gorgeous right legs and then our superb left legs being raised
  together to a uniform height, so that we were akin to leggy kicky girls in
  a chorus-line from the days when, to the satisfaction of Mr Busby Berkley,
  leg-kicking in unison was the original line-dancing.  
I was by now so inculcated as a ponygirl, that I felt the preen of pride
  when Naughty-Nymph and I got praise from our trainers. Our trainers were none
  other than Hai Moon and Kim Kai, who were undergoing a school examination practical
  test in training Naughty-Nymph and I.  
Having tentatively part-learned to walk in unison, we would have to learn
  other ponygirl-combo movements in due course: trotting not least. But, before
  then, we had to be got used to a combination harness.  
To teach us this, we first-off had experience of a joint mouth bit. We were
  tacked-out with a head harnesses of the design I had worn when I had pulled
  the Giggle. The straps were gold coloured because they were covered with gold
  leaf. Our individual headbands were emblazoned with our individual names: 'Midnight-Pearl'
  and 'Naughty-Nymph'.  
The only difference from the harness I had worn solo in pulling the girl-gig,
  was that the bit for this combo-head-harness was not a knurled bit, but a straight
  smooth gold-coated rod of some half-inch cross-section diameter, that I shared
  with the lovely Naughty-Nymph.  
This bit ended at the right side of my mouth, extended all the long-length,
  equivalent to my outstretched left arm, and Naughty-Nymph's shapely outstretched
  right arm, before parting the negress 'come-on-then-kiss-me' lips of Naughty-Nymph,
  and its other end, the far end from me, poking just out of the left of her
  mouth.  
The length of this bit, some six feet, and with its gold coating, would have
  made the joint bit very heavy for our sensitive little mouths, and would have
  pulled our heads down, were we not proud ponygirls and our necks not giraffed
  to make us hold our heads aloft imperiously, and were the bit not in fact a
  tube rather than being of solid metal.  
Of course it was obvious that Naughty-Nymph and I were to be deployed and
  employed in tandem. This set two very pretty problems for the engineers of
  the tack we were to wear. One extremely pretty problem was Naughty-Nymph: the
  other was me. But in the other sense of a 'pretty problem', a means of communicating
  with tandem ponygirls needed to have been engineered.  
The problem was founded upon ensuring the tandemised ponygirls got clear
  messages as to what they were expected to do. The only sure way to communicate
  orders to a ponygirl is, of course, through its tits.  
A well-trained ponygirl will have learned which is its right tit, and which
  its left.  
Even when ponygirls are side-by-side, reliance could not be put upon them
  communicating with each other; not if one wished to be sure the message got
  through properly.  
Naughty-Nymph had an MBA from H******* in the USA. I, Midnight-Pearl, was
  a mere student, but had been often remarked upon for my evidently high intellect.
  But, as ponygirls, neither Naughty-Nymph nor I would ever be trusted to think
  for ourselves. Part of our constant subjugation as ponygirls was to insult
  our high intelligence.  
Our bright minds and astute wit made us all the more stunningly attractive
  as girls; and correspondingly all the more insulted and degraded as ponygirls.
  Ponygirls were chosen for their bright brains, on the reasoned grounds that
  if you could control a girl with a brilliant mind, you had a ponygirl constantly
  on edge. By contrast, a dullard girl would soon go beyond mere surrender and
  be poor long-term material.  
Something, some spark, in the mind of a highly intelligent girl, would keep
  her, at least subliminally, fighting her mental and physical bonds, and thus
  keep her constantly at peak performance as a pony, because always fighting,
  always reluctant, always ashamed, always nervous, always fearful, always skittish,
  always on-edge, and thus always and always on peak of peak performance.  
A bright girl would want to 'get it exactly right' for fear of the consequences
  of failure. A bright girl would more certainly understand the consequences
  of failure: pain. A dull girl would be more slovenly and less conscious of
  punishment, making punishment more frequent and thus detracting from the objective
  of having punishment as the penalty and perfect performance as the norm, rather
  than punishment as the norm, and poor performance consequent from that.  
I was a brightly intelligent girl being abused like an animal and used like
  an animal. In the back of my mind though, I still thought all that was happening
  was a passing phase. Some day, some hour, the police would come and rescue
  me. My ponygirl training had drummed rebellion out of me. I still knew fear.
  I would no longer, by now, rebel mentally or physically. But I was in my current
  state, a state of edgy subservience, because of fear and pain and fear of further
  pain, and thus I was plus perfect ponygirl material.  
I was no fool. I knew that if I performed as, and as well as, my mistresses
  demanded of me, I would not be punished. I therefore obeyed my mistresses.
  I had become and would remain their physical and mental slave, because they
  had kept me constantly bound and guarded in such a way that escape was impossible.
  I had become and would remain their physical and mental slave, because they
  had the literal whip hand, and had taught me the meaning of gain to avoid pain.  
The problem of communicating orders to two ponygirls side-by-side in tandem,
  when a ponygirl ideally needs to be given its orders through its tits, was
  neatly solved.  
In the near conclusion of our tandem training, both Naughty-Nymph and I were
  fitted with the standard tit-reins, with the painful one-inch long nipple-bits
  forced in our nipple milk-holes and held fast their with the standard saw-toothed
  clamps.  
The tit-reins ran from our individual nipples to rings at the end of the
  long single mouth bit we shared, and rings in that same bit immediately next
  to the other sides of our respective mouths: these rings soldered onto, so
  they rose above the shared bit at the sides of our lovely mouths.  
The reins that would operate our right tits by pulling on them, ran between
  gold handles. Simply put, a rein was attached to the rings at the top of our
  right tit reins. Both our right tit-reins had a single long carriage rein attached.
  These two individual right tit carriage reins were then linked to a straight
  gold coloured metal bar. The bar could thus be held in its middle, and when
  pulled would operate on both my and Naughty-Nymph's right tits at one and the
  same time.  
Correspondingly, individual carriage reins were attached to our left tit-reins
  and linked by another metal bar for the driver to pull our left tits with.
  This left-tits bar was silver coloured, so as to ensure the driver had the
  correct bar in her hands: the gold bar for our right tits in her right hand,
  and the silver bar for our left tits in her left hand.  
We were being prepared for a special occasion: the special occasion in question
  being the Princess Astrid's decision to hold a little party for some neighbouring
  friends: neighbours over the border in Spain that is.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
With our having satisfied a survey by the princess' head of stables of our
  performance, Naughty-Nymph and I were given a couple of days off training,
  pending the event we were to be used for: an event of which we, of course,
  had no knowledge, and no precise forewarning. We were only ponygirls: what
  was to happen and when was precisely entirely none of our business.  
As always when free for a while, 'free' being a relative term of course,
  Naughty-Nymph and I would frolic to our hearts' content in the pony meadow,
  along with the other presently unemployed ponygirls.  
Flamenco-Firefly joined in our fun, and I could not avoid but get the impression
  that she too was resting from some training undergone. There was something
  about that very exceptionally lovely creature's conduct that conveyed extra
  pride. Goodness knows she was so damned downright desirable and dead-knockout
  deliriously beautiful, that she had every reason for pride in the fact that
  she merely breathed, let alone that she might have added a scintilla to nature's
  supreme accomplishment: her very existence, by learning a new trick or whatever.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
In anticipation of being harnessed on the spike ending the shaft of whatever
  cart or carriage Naughty-Nymph and I were to be tethered to in tandem, my cunt
  was salivating. I am deeply, deeply ashamed to admit that my cunt had reign
  over me in reins, and I was recalling the hell of being shagged by the shaft
  on the end of the shaft of the Giggle, with a moist trickle within me that
  caused me to blush and close my seductively deep dark devilish brown eyes with
  a sensational "oh god I need a damned good fuck" flicker.  
When I thought about being fucked by the shaft I was sex incarnate. I was
  flesh and blood: hot flesh and even hotter blood: I was girl, rampant racy
  randy girl.  
I was girl in all a girl's duality of appearance and truth. My appearance
  was denial of truth. My appearance was of innocence betrayed. The truth was
  that my cunt wanted to be betrayed. I lived in a cuntocracy. I was a sensationally
  beautiful country with gigantically gorgeous hills, and exceptionally exciting
  valleys, and with its capital city and the throne of its queen between my fabulous
  legs. I was a sensationally beautiful country: I was sensationally beautiful
  cuntry no longer contrary to my cunt but concupiscent for its conquest by cuntry
  matters.  
Of course I cried out with the terrible pain as they lowered me onto the
  eighteen-inch long two-inch diameter penis-coupling of the shaft of the coach
  I was to pull in conjunction with, and inspiring perspiring wonderfully femininely
  tandem sexuality with, Naughty-Nymph, to whom I was linked by the mouth bit
  our sensational kiss-me-forever negress' lips shared.  
Of course I cried out with the terrible pain as did Naughty-Nymph as she
  was slid by her cunt onto the neighbouring shaft, before we were both fastened
  rigidly immovably irremovably to our individual shafts with the huge penis-couplings
  full hard up us, by our respective crupper chains.  
Our multiple bells tinkled and jingled as we raised and lowered our negress'
  dark-tight-curled close-cropped heads in enforced unison, as two cunts stood
  in sexual torment tiptoe tiptop hooves, enduring enjoying the pain of being
  impaled on eighteen unrelenting unyielding uncaring inches, of penis sculptured
  cold steel, ready to pull the phaeton to which we were tethered, and be whipped
  if we did not obey and be whipped if we did obey.  
We would obey. There was no doubt whatsoever that Naughty-Nymph and I would
  obey. Obedience though we could to be whipped at whim, was our worth in the
  world of ponygirls: a world where we were whore horses for use and decoration,
  abuse and disregard, use and discard.  
We would obey because we had no choice. They, our mistresses, would use us
  until we became useless and then dispose of us with dispatch by dispatching
  us. We were girls and we were meat. Today we were girls; tomorrow we could
  be meat. Our supreme succulence was to be savoured in either scenario.  
Her Supreme Serenity the Princess Astrid Maria Poliphnia Sarahnaya De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento
  mounted, with her pretty little legs, mounted the single seat at the front
  of the four-passenger four-wheel coach, her two obedience trained ponygirls
  were to pull by their cunts, and consequently had the pleasure of watching
  the side-dimpled-concavity of our wonderful buttocks twitching girl-muscularly
  to entice her, as she arranged the reins that ran to our tits, via the tit-reins
  with which she would give these human slave ponies, Naughty-Nymph and Midnight-Pearl,
  their challenging unchallengeable commands.  
Her whip, the princess' carriage whip, whip-cracked above our heads, like
  doom-thunder to our sundered plundered salivatingly slippery sex slots, which
  now slid and slithered up and down the poles on which they were impaled, as
  our dainty fingertips, the pretty finger tips of our gorgeous hands met at
  extreme arm's length at the end of our cruciform cangues, and we tried to comfort
  each others' extreme pain, as we pulled in unison with our cunts on the instant
  of our twice tugged four tits: our four tits pulled twice in quick unison to
  foretell us to walk.  
To overcome inertia and get the cart rolling needed both Naughty-Nymph and
  I to pull supremely extremely and our two cunts were caused to cream as the
  obscene penis-couplings on which we were spiked, spitefully pulled out of our
  succulence, as we leaned forward to test the elasticity of the inelastic steel
  chain cruppers that held the penis-couplings up us: eighteen whole brutal bruising
  inches up our wholly holy holes.  
The dream of the scene in which I would once more be mounted on the penis-coupling
  had made my minx cognac capriciously copiously conspicuously. That had been
  the dream. The dream had been copious; the reality was a nightmare of pain
  I had forgotten it was possible for a girl to be given, as I was driven along
  the drive alive with agony in the humiliating penetration of my intimacy, whilst
  my partner in time slimed on her penis-coupling beside me, as our tits were
  tugged twice to tell us to trot, and our uniform beautifully shapely four legs
  in a rhythmic sexually inciting inviting impelling completely compelling curvaceous
  canter, whisked the phaeton along with our cunts being repetitively relentlessly
  uncontrollably unceasingly unbearably unendurably fucked as we did as ordered
  at trotted.  
Naughty-Nymph and I mingled our tingling tinkling-bell-ringed fingers as
  we felt each others torture whilst our wasped waists made our bottoms swing
  wide, as our female structure caused our hips to swing and sway each way, adding
  to the rape ravage savaging of our innocent cunts by the relentless penetration
  of cold cruel steel penis up us, held by cruppers.  
It was Naughty-Nymph who orgasmed first.  
Through her pretty little finger tips I felt Naughty-Nymph explode. But a
  ponygirl's cum was an irrelevance to her bounden duty, and Naughty-Nymph was
  bound on duty to bound with her legs pounding the ground with her 120 pounds
  of all-girl girl without break of step even as she came with a thunderous shattering
  orgasm of orgasms in her titular vehicular torture.  
Even as she came with a thunderous shattering orgasm of orgasms, Naughty-Nymph
  must not break step and her cunt must continue to be ravage-savaged and raped
  by the pole on which the centre of her soul had is holy lowly solo hole sundered,
  as the penis-coupling slipped and slapped within her endlessly, whilst she
  lifted the legs of a supreme dream queen orgasmically automatically obediently,
  the broken ponygirl total, trotting with tit-tips bouncing, titties flouncing
  nostrils flared eyes wide scared-stared, sweat streaming, silently steaming,
  bells jingle&ndash;jangle amidst a tangle of torture tackle, disorientatingly
  disorganisingly organised, tormenting and preventing escape, encapsulating
  her as captured cutie compelled to comply and fly with the phaeton as she pulled
  and pulled and pulled it along with her magnificent minx: her incredible orgasming
  cunt.  
My own fires were being stoked as I was poked by the pole in my hole and
  my know-all minx knew no salvation in starvation, as in salivation it drove
  me to distraction, as every fraction of my vagina was rubbed and clubbed by
  the penis-pole-coupling, slipping, sliding, and slapping in my slattern's slit,
  as I continued to be taught what my station was in relation to my former fellow
  girls, before whom I know must trot in torment torture, a daughter in hell,
  well tied, and applied to her task with the whip by her mistresses to keep
  her subdued, as 'she' was become 'it' and it was subjugated by the sex from
  among the sisteren of which 'she' selected as 'it' had been totally ejected.  
I was girl as animal to be tortured and tormented at whim, with the pole
  up my quim to slice me asunder, and put me under the girls who wanted me only
  for my body's beauty, to beat and treat to the deepest and darkest shame that
  could be named: a girl with a mane: a girl torn to perform, a girl born to
  conform, a ponygirl damned from dusk to dawn.  
Naughty-Nymph and I, Midnight-Pearl, trotted along pulling the phaeton in
  complete obedient exotic rhythm, propelling the phaeton with the utmost extremely
  supremely wonderfully beautifully fully orgasmically erogenously erotic means
  of locomotion, the one true goddess in her wisdom had ever created: girl's
  legs.  
We were approaching the railhead, as a passenger train bearing Alena, Fabrina,
  and Gaynor, guests of honour, pulled into the platform.  
A single tug on our tits told Naughty-Nymph and I to slow to the walk. A
  gentle but insistent tugging on our left tits, told us to walk to the left&hellip;..until
  a single tug on all four of our tits told us to straighten up&hellip;. and
  a final firm pull on all four enslaved tits as one, with a cry of "whoa", brought
  our torture briefly to a halt.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
I had never seen Alena look so lovely. She disported a white parasol, and
  was in a long white dress, which she filled like a delicate China figurine.
  She had taken great trouble, unusual trouble for her, who was so damned attractive
  even without it, with her appearance. I had never seen her with makeup on before.  
I could not look for long. It was not allowed a mere ponygirl to look at
  a pretty girl.  
Naughty-Nymph and I ran with sweet sweat from our efforts with pulling the
  phaeton with our cunts: cunts, which were now red raw with the rasping ripping
  rubbing of the relentless huge penis-couplings forced up them.  
As we stood patience girlsonified, Naughty-Nymph and I dare not now touch
  finger tips even though I longed to. We must not be seen to fraternise else
  they would whip our thighs.  
We were, of course, completely ignored as the three guests took the passenger
  seats and a double-tug on our tits told Naughty-Nymph and I to walk once more.
  And titty tugs to left titties told us in torment to turn to the left and return
  to the palace.  
A single all-four tit tug with the tit-reins, told us to hold our course
  in walk, and the brisk upward double flick of our tits in fourfold union unison
  next told us to trot, with our gorgeous legs in girlmuscular godessity, to
  bless the world with our lithe lower limbs, as we clip-clopped a jingle jangle
  tangle of tortured temptation in sensational motion to our return destination
  station.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
The constant fucking of my cunt with the huge pole up it, hurt me horribly
  on the way home as it wanked me with wild abandon to womanly wantonness. I
  was being wanked to a cum as I had always known I would be in the anticipation,
  before I had even been harnessed, of the dilation of my cunt's slippery slickness,
  by the sliding piston that popped in and out of me hot rod as I trotted.  
I was now in the reality of being wank-fucked and my mind was trying and
  crying in denying that I could be had, and made to be maid and become unstaid
  by being paraded as a whore to adore, with my minx being shafted with a pole
  up my hole to wholly rape me arousing my animal girlity beyond control of my
  brilliant mind to hold.  
I trotted being fucked as the sliding penis-coupling caressed my keening
  cunt constantly: my orgasm assembling its inexorable forces to force me to
  the collapse of my conscious desire to be in humane regard for my human girlness,
  and not merely for the mechanical function my body could perform so decadently
  dextrously decorously decoratively.  
It was not an intended consequence of my bondage that I should orgasm from
  it. Whether I got any sexual pleasure at any time was totally irrelevant. I
  was bound and used-abused for the decorative way I filled the world, in fulfilling
  the function of fantasy. I was a fucktoy for the girls to deploy employ and
  enjoy. To my mistresses, my cums were of no more consequence than my shit or
  my piss; but woe betide me if I let them interfere with my duty as a cutie.  
I bit on the gag-bit that my lovely kiss-me-kiss-me-kiss-me mouth shared
  with the delicious Naughty-Nymph. I was fighting to prevent my mistress' have
  me cum like an animal. To cum as I had already been made to by my enslavement
  pulling the Giggle, was the ultimate in ultimate ultimate degradation. I was
  going to fight my cum. I was going to fight against coming. I was going to
  hold onto the last shred of dignity I had: the last scintilla of a scintilla
  of my human girlness. I was not going to let myself suffer the completely demeaning
  dehumanising degradation of a cum in harness. I was going to cum as a 'she'
  and not as an 'it'. I was going to cum in love as a girl, and not in lust as
  an animal.  
But even thinking these thoughts and fighting this fight excited my betraying
  minx as the rhythm-erotic trot plundered my slot with the penis-pole going
  in and out and in and out and in and out of my hole.  
In my poor heart-of-hearts I knew I was losing control, and that I would
  cum will she or not she my mind's wishes. To the circumstances belonged my
  predicament. The more I fought in my mind against coming, the more aroused
  I became, and the more certain my cum. This was the torture of the daughter
  of the devil. My body was being relentlessly mechanically raped by the torture
  I was forced to by my constant controlling bondage, and the pole in my hole
  was fucking my mind as much as it was physically fucking my all-girl body.  
But nor could I think of the pleasure from my degrading pain, as that was
  the more certain road to instant perdition in a pulsating palpitation of passion's
  penalty.  
I could fight the cum that was coming for only as long as I neither thought
  about the incredibly unsurpassable pleasure of it, nor fought against it. I
  was a girl caught with her legs tied between the metaphorical bent over branches
  of a tree: I knew the equally metaphorical ropes would be cut, and I would
  be ripped asunder with thunder from my plundered and plucked fuck-hole, as
  I trotted with the pole allotted rubbing me to ecstasy in my ultimate intimate
  intricate intimacy.  
I had successfully fought and fought and fought and fought a cum, as Naughty-Nymph
  and I trotted pulling the phaeton driven by the princess, conveying her guests
  to the garden party that I could see gathered around a large round wooden drum
  open at the side in which, like a pet exercising in a cage, I recognised Flamenco-Firefly,
  walking slowly to rotate what closer examination as we drew nearer and nearer,
  revealed as a wooden treadmill.  
'Midnight-Pearl' (by Eve Adorer)  
Chapter 10 &ndash; A Prescient Present   
Ever never after I was never ever whether sure, if I had dreamed the horrendous
  scene of Sparrow-Hop's live writhe roasting. The scene was too terrible for
  the mind to store or recall, but revolt and recoil yes.  
She was no longer among us, that much was for sure.  
I was so disgusted at my reaction to it too. I had seen it only as a masturbatory
  fantasy and orgasmed at the sight of it, so overpoweringly erotic had I found
  it, not least after the constant pounding of my minx by the eighteen-inch penis-coupling
  by which Naughty-Nymph and I had hauled the phaeton with our cunts, even whilst
  I had fought the good fight not to suffer the unedifying indignity of a demeaning
  cum from my own torture.  
I had resisted the ultimate in degradation. I had successfully fought against
  coming in my bondage. My mistresses did not care a jot if I had a cum or not,
  but for me to cum in my bondage because of my bondage, was the supreme way
  to degrade and control me. Were I, a highly intelligent eighteen-year-old girl,
  to become so that my bondage was sex to me, I would fear my bondage not only
  for the severe stress it put my beautiful body through, but also because it
  led to my further diminution and animalisation. If I came as a consequence
  of the labour I was forced to whilst wearing it, I came as an animal and not
  as a girl: I came as an 'it' and not as a 'she'.  
My cums in bondage were animal cums: they were not human cums. No mere girl
  could experience the cums I had had. Such cums needed the removal of the supervening
  intervening interfering human intellect. At the time of their happening I was
  my cunt, I was my whole cunt, and I was nothing but my cunt. And I wanted to
  fight these cums because they depraved me. My cums betrayed me to the sub-human
  world to which my ponygirl bondage had exiled me from the heavenly world of
  my fellow, now former fellow, girls.  
The massivity of my cums was monumental, and thus fundamental in destroying
  my veneer of girlness, and confirming my animality: in forcing my "itness" to
  replace my "sheness".  
Epileptic in their ecliptic power over my humanity, I was in fear of them.
  I wanted to cum but I did not want to cum. I did not want to be overwhelmed
  so by the animal that was at the core of me, such that the core was become
  the outer of me. I did not want to have my desire for the heaven of the cums
  I was experiencing to finally tip me over the boundary, beyond which I really
  and truly lost the last flicker of the fight to remain holding the torn vestige
  of the hymen of my human girlness.  
I was regarded as an animal. I was treated as an animal. I was forced to
  behave as an animal. I feared beyond fear that my cum-longing, my natural girl's
  desire for sexual fulfilment in the ultimate of the orgasm, would take me and
  make me an animal and an animal alone: that I would, through my cums, transubstantiate
  from girl to pony, to the point of no return. My cums were catalytic to my
  conversion and thus a perversion from which I must adhere to my aversion.  
I was in fear that I would be punished for buckling at the knees with a cum
  at the sight of pretty little Sparrow-Hop being spit roasted alive. I shudder
  at the mention of it! I deserved to be punished for that: not for my collapse
  but for my unholy wholly sadistic cum at such a horrible happening. I could
  never and would never understand how and why or why and how Sparrow-Hop could
  have died with an orgasm as she was slowly rotated being cooked alive as if
  she were just meat.  
There she had been, alive live meat with a skewer right through her. Her
  little titty's nipples were already cooked into their erect aroused state.
  She had been enduring the ultimate raping fuck from the rod rammed up her cunt
  and right through her till it emerged from her mouth. And she was licking it!
  She was fellating her murderous lover, the spit upon which her body was completely
  and helplessly impaled as it was slowly rotated just above the red and yellow-hot
  coals. And the unyielding unmerciful flames from those coals were licking her
  bare flesh, roasting her body. She was still alive to feel her flesh kissed
  by the constant flames and her body beginning to cook, always and always rotated
  so that she would not be scorched but would be heated thoroughly through evenly!
  Oh god it had been so horrible!!  
I was in fear that I would be punished for buckling at the knees with a cum,
  and yet for weeks on end I was left to exercise and cavort in the meadow, running
  riotously free, and playing tit-tag with my fellow ponygirls.  
So long had been my captivity that by now, I had long since lost track of
  time. I knew the time of day to an approximation because I was guided by the
  sun. I knew what season of the year it was to an approximation because I saw
  the height of the sun. But I knew not what month it was for sure, what week
  in the month, what day of the week, and least of all what date of the day of
  the week of the month. All of these were the concerns of my superiors and need
  form no matter meet for my mind.  
I had endured my slavery for months on end. I, of course, knew I had arrived
  in Spain at around Christmas of the preceding year, and that another year was
  yet to fully elapse. We had gone through spring and summer, and with the evolving
  revolving calendar had dissolved my fantasy that a police raid would one day
  free me from my horrible constant cruciform bondage, release my neck from the
  gold giraffing rings, see my pretty little bells clattered to the ground, take
  the bit from my mouth so I could talk once more, and dismount me from standing
  always on the erotically stretched legs of a girl always on the tip-tip-top
  of her big toes in pony-shoe shod hoof-clogs.  
Of course my beautiful buttocks would always display the 'HSS-AR' brand burnt
  into me. I would forever be labelled the property of Her Supreme Serenity the
  Princess Astrid Maria Poliphnia Sarahnaya De Palmania-Thomasatto-Riento. But
  with the passage of time had gone my assumption that my bondage, unlike the
  brand, would not last. I no longer had any right to conclude that this torture
  had an end. I could no longer fool myself that this was tantamount only to
  transient temporary terror. Only my will kept me from despairing.  
Of course I knew that I was still Emma. I was still Emma Jones the shy pretty
  eighteen-year-old university student. Oh please call me Emma! Someone please
  call me Emma! But then I knew in my heart that Emma was gone. I was, despite
  my fight, having to accept that I was and was only and completely now Midnight-Pearl.
  It was become such, had I realised it, and I did not realise it, because it
  was not tested, that had "Emma" being called out, I would not have reacted:
  just as it had become that my lovely face was raised tinkling my multiple face
  bells in the instant of the calling out of "Midnight-Pearl".  
The girl had gone away; the pony was here to stay. My mistresses had had
  their say. I was Midnight-Pearl first and foremost and Emma not even almost.
  I was to forever trot: Emma was foregone and forgot.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
My body was cold as the rain trickled like angels' tears all down all round
  my heavenly shape. The silken soft rippling rapids of a rolling river flowed
  in the ravine between my soft gentle breastal mountains, and their peaks, high
  above the snowline as they would have been were they the mere Everests of earth,
  capped with nipple-brown-pink where the earthly snow would gravity and sun
  defy, contributed myriad millions of sweet trickling contributory tributaries
  to my heaven's valley river's flow.  
I was wet. I was soaking wet. I was thoroughly wet from head to pretty feet.
  I was shivering and quivering with the coldness of being wet in the breeze
  of an autumnal day, and my bosoms were jiggering and joggering as the soft
  rain ran down them and dripped or gathered and dribbled droplet nectar streams
  from my huge bold brown-pink negress' nipples.  
I briskly shook my soft-tight-short-curly-dark-brown-haired head and rainbowed
  a thrice-multi-coloured halo around my lovely face as the droplets scattered
  three-hundred-and-sixty-degreeingly from my close-cropped negress' curls-within-curls.  
I was excitingly enticingly beautiful when wet. My coffee-coloured negress'
  skin sheen-shining with a glow of erogenous perfection: droplets of sweet soft
  rain dripping from my sweet firm-soft nipples: rivulets running the complex
  contoured completely curvy course of my compelling legs.  
I was about to be put to plough. My beautiful youthful body was to be made
  useful in turning the soil by its toil.  
I was solo and so low because I was lonely and frightened.  
Before me was the huge virgin field, all tall unkempt grass and tugging hugging
  weeds. And I was going to be made to plough it. I had no choice in the matter.
  I had been chosen to pull the plough: pull the plough I must, pull the plough
  I would.  
I was giraffed and cruciform-cangued and bell bedecked to tinkle like heaven's
  hell's heaven, as I shivered awaiting, naked else, to be fitted to the plough
  I must obediently pull or else.  
My plough-mistress was arranging her rainwear. She smelt delightfully of
  rubber. Naked beneath it, she wore a sleeved huge rubber cape down to her ankles,
  and a hat with brim so wide as to shrug of the rain that poured from it onto
  the cape without touching the humid human warmth of her lovely body in ten-inch-heeled
  knee-high boots. Kim Kai was to drive me and had been ordered to show no mercy.  
The plough of bright shiny stainless steel, had four blades to bite the earth
  and turn the turf before the serf and her pony, eponymous me.  
The blades were mounted side by side on a strong bar. Up from the middle
  of the strong bar rose two more bars, one leading fore to where the pony would
  be harnessed, and one aft, with a handle formed like a 'T', for the plough-mistress
  to hold and guide the blades. To give the plough substance and purchase, the
  four share blades were sharp and there were lead weights on the bar the blades
  hung down from, to press them and keep them in the ground once they had been
  dug in.  
Kim Kai had led me by a short rein from the ring of a steel bit that had
  been forced into my mouth. This bit was huge rustic and unyielding. Solid cold
  steel, its one-and-a-half-inch diameter gaped my mouth extremely wide and painfully,
  pushing my tongue completely down and grinding my teeth, so hard was it pulled
  back into me.  
I wore huge side and tunnel-funnel blinkers. Firstly, black leather half-moon
  shaped side blinkers. The straight side of the semi-circles these formed at
  the sides of each of my eyes, being married to three-inch-long tubes of the
  same leather that I wore integrally with the side blinkers, in the manner of
  eyeglasses pulled up close to my face so that they looked like glassless binoculars
  permanently at my eyes.  
These side-blinkers and tube-blinkers were to control me. I must not be allowed
  to see any more than I needed to see so that I would not be distracted from
  pulling the plough.  
The huge steel bit and the side and eye-tube blinkers had been strapped to
  my head before Kim Kai had led me to the field, and let me taste on my nakedness
  the wetness of a day which was the second of which on which it had rained from
  dawn to dusk and back again.  
Of course I wore a blazoning band brazenly across me forehead shouting to
  all who needed to know, which need no longer include me, as I knew all to well
  by now, that this sensationally sensuously curvy creature was 'Midnight-Pearl':
  a farmer's pony: a former girl.  
I wriggled in my wet waspie, fifteen-inch waif-waist-wiggle-waisted, swinging
  my gorgeous bottom as Kim Kai led me out where there was no sun, with my tail
  up my anus, soaked and dripping, such that even the erotic undulations of my
  super-feminised hip-swings, could not cause it to flick to and fro with all
  its usual magical magisterial majesty.  
A girlplough-pony must keep its lovely eyes always cast humbly to ground
  and never be allowed to look around, and my heavy blinkers would ensure, that
  in that I was found sound.  
I would, of course, wear tit-reins so that I could be instructed in the only
  way a ponygirl understands, in my movements and my turning. And I must suffer
  the twin agony of having extra-long nipple-bits inserted into my nipples' milk-holes
  this day.  
And I gasped and closed my eyes and bit down on the savage huge bit, as I
  suffered the horrendous pain of having six-inch long needles pushed into my
  titties through the central hole in my nipples, to be held there to agonise
  me, by the multi-toothed crocodile clips in which these six-inch-long needle
  nipple-bits formed a central tongue.  
My tit-reins were fed through the hoops at the ends of my mouth bit, and
  the dog clips at the end of these reins next my nipples, opened so as to clip
  my reins to rings in the nipple-biting crocodile six-inch-long-nipple-bit-needle-holding
  clips.  
Tears from terrible pain filled my gentle devil-deep-dark-brown eyes.  
Today I was to be a girlplough-pony, and so I must also be fitted with straight-furrow-guides.  
I had, as of yet, no idea what these were as the agony in my nipples was
  increased by my having one-foot long chains clipped and dangled, one from each
  nipple-bit. Both of these chains hung like plumb-lines, with a one-pound lead
  weight pulling unmercifully hard on my poor tits.  
This was why I wore extra-long nipple bits. The pull of these chains tugged
  the needles in my breasts cruelly as they swung uncontrollably freely from
  my nipples so feely.  
If I had thought the penis-coupling of the Giggle and the phaeton to be huge
  and painful I was now to be gainful of a hard lesson in the true meaning of
  pain. From a four-foot chain at the front rising handle of the plough hung
  a two-foot-long, three-inch diameter, spiked steel penis-coupling, covered
  and caked in the mud in which, on this soaking wet day, it lay adangle.  
This was to go up my cunt. I must have all two-feet of this ripping tearing
  raping rasping obedience conformer forced into my vagina.  
I was led before the plough and faced it with my lovely bare rain running
  bottom, before being made to bend, straight legged slightly apart parted, and
  having my lead rein tethered to a huge rock with a hoop in it readied for the
  purpose. And my inhuman human screams of unbearable pain to be borne, as I
  was torn, echoed from the distant woodland as my nether lips were sundered
  and the two-foot-long, three-inch-wide penis was pushed inexorably inside my
  minx, with the multiple needle spikes with which it was spitefully spikeley
  adorned ripping my softness so that I bled, and was thus led to understand
  that I was animal cunt and no more.  
And I screamed as the two-feet of tearing steel, still filthy wet and muddy
  from the ground on which it had rested, slowly filled me. And I moaned as my
  softness nestled to the spikes that bit into the walls of my minx. And I cried
  endless tears of pain in the rain as the girl from Spain fixed the crupper
  chain to me again, so that with my cunt the plough I could and would full pull.
  And the reason for the spiteful spiked penis-coupling filling me, was to increase
  my super-sensitivity, so that I would not from the straight furrow stray away
  that day.  
The chain crupper soon held the penis-coupling deep thrust up me. Its 'Y'
  shape had its strong single tail attached to the heavy ring at middle-front
  of my waspie. The two chains of the 'V' of the 'Y', were then fed through a
  ring at the base of the penis-coupling pushed up me, before being divided to
  leave my ponytail unencumbered, and being padlocked to two strong rings at
  the rear of my waspie. I was filled with the agonising pin-prick-rip decorated
  cold steel penis, and the crupper chain's tightness held it hard up my cunt,
  full deep dark in my body's most gentle and sweetly sensitive orifice.  
I sobbed with my endless agony as I remained bent double though now untethered.
  To walk bent like an inverted 'L' with my lovely arms outspread tied cruciform
  to my cangue, was my fate in pulling the weight of the plough to sate the hunger
  to torture my beauty by making me perform my duty.  
The weights dangling from the chains hanging from my nipples swung and swang.
  These were my guarantee of a straight furrow. A girlplough-pony learns to have
  its plumb-lines swing only back and forward as it walks pulling the plough.
  If its tits are swinging only fore and aft in a regular rhythm, it is going
  straight and will sate the state of her mistress and save its back from the
  whip.  
A good and experienced girlplough-pony sets its nipple plumb-lines swinging
  oppositely to one another, so that one tit is pulled maximally fore, just as
  the other is maximally rear, and thus it is sure it is correctly steered the
  right way all day.  
Of course this hurts. An artist has to suffer for art, and the art of the
  girlplough-pony is to furrow the earth apart in a dead straight line.  
A tangling of its plumb-lines will only bring strife and confusion to the
  girlplough-pony. From this it must be sorted with force. The brute is stupid
  and will only understand pain. The whip must be the constant companion of the
  plough-maid's gain, and again and again must it rain down to reign-in the girlplough-pony
  in its reins.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
Kim Kai attached the long single loop of the equivalent of a carriage rein
  to the hoops in which my tit-reins ended at the further end from my nipples,
  where the large rings of the tit-reins prevented them falling through the smaller
  rings siding the ends of my mouth bit.  
I stared dispassionately passionately pulchritudinously, dripping and slippery
  with the never-ending velvet rain that poured from the skies and tumbled down
  my heavenly thighs.  
Kim Kai stood on the crossbar from which the ploughshares descended and thus
  sent them their descent into the soft muddy earth.  
I waited obediently patiently for my orders to be given me, and felt the
  double tug on my tits to tell me to start walking.  
She bore a whip of wicked weight. A long, long, three-ply plaited all along,
  leather intertwined tapering to tip, black leather bullwhip, pregnant with
  deep saturated steeped wetness from lying in the rain, having been purposely
  left to soak and gain the water that would increase its vicious violent pain.  
Kim Kai had always hitherto been so kind and gentle with me, that the way
  she had dragged me out to the field, and the eagerness and cruelty with which
  she had filled my minx with the penis-coupling's huge enormity, told me that
  there was no solace in her sweetness for my soreness, but only sourness to
  savagely swat me in harness.  
I dug in my tiptoed pony-shoe-shod feet with all the power of my wonderfully
  shapely legs, displaying the magnificence of their subtle supple muscularity,
  their curvaceously caressingly curved feminine strength, as "THWICK!!!!" Kim
  Kai whipped my exposed shoulders with a thwack that splattered the water torrenting
  down me in squirts of rainbow hue dew, as I hooted and hollered with agony
  from my cunt being ripped as I pulled and pulled to get the plough to move
  and cleave the soil and "THWICK!!!!" Kim Kai whipped my bare back unmercifully
  once more and I reared in reflex and cried out with pitiful pain and "THWICK!!!!" Kim
  Kai whipped me again.  
My beautiful legs struggled to slither in the mud as the whip on me fell
  with a thud that thrashed its message into my cunt and raised livid live red
  welts on my naked nudeness. And I was pulling and pulling with all my might,
  all the might that could be mustered by my cunt: with cunt power I was pulling
  and I was getting nowhere as the ground was so muddy my hooves just slipped.  
And Kim Kai cursed me as "THWICK!!!!" she whipped my provocatively bare bottom
  as hard as she could, to get this useless slut to do her bidding, and "THWICK!!!!" she
  whipped it again, the it that was me, she whipped so I screamed and tried to
  beg for mercy.  
And then I was going I was going I was going! I was walking forward pulling
  the plough with my cunt! I was dividing the sod behind me. I was turning the
  earth in a fourfold four furrows, and I was crying with my pain as I walked.
  My lovely velvet soft tears were mingling with the constant rain that poured
  down my whip-striped coffee-brown body.  
My walking with my wanky bummy wiggle set my plump-guides waving. They went
  every way to torture my nipples. I knew that I must set my tits swinging fore
  and aft. I knew instinctively that this would tell me I was ploughing a straight
  furrow. I worked my shoulders to set my plump-bobs aswing, and felt the agony
  of my tits being stretched and pulled in opposite motion fore and abaft, forward
  and aft, left and right, to keep me tight right on the path I must plough to
  please my mistress and to save me from the savagery of the whip on my nudity.  
I was the complete slave, my head cast down as I bent forward to pull with
  all my might with my gorgeous legs shining with the wetness of the coursing
  rain caressing them. As I used the muscles of the trained runner I was to pull
  with my cunner.  
My tits swung to and fro, fore and aft, being used as a tool to guide me,
  blind as I was to what was happening to the plough blades behind me. I was
  as much a tool as the plough itself though of less market value and more likely
  than it to be discarded rather than repaired if injured.  
My lovely legs propelled me in the hell of my latest use and abuse. My owners,
  for they were my owners, and the onus of the emphasis must go on ownership
  rather than willing participation, could drive me to hell if they were so minded.  
I was inaudibly begging for mercy as I pulled my obedient plough obediently,
  and still "THWICK!!!!" and "THWICK!!!!" and "THWICK!!!!" and "THWICK!!!!" and "THWICK!!!!",
  Kim Kai flogged me.  
My eyes so heavily blinkered could see nothing but the ground, above which
  my queenly sweetly gently arrogant negress' head hung submissively, my hair
  running with rain, my ringlets of tight soft curly black, dripping with rainwater.
  Only by feeling the forward and backward swing of my tits could I be sure I
  was going straight.  
My minx hurt like hades. The strong crupper chain held the penis-coupling
  two-feet up me for the greater part, but despite the spikes in the coupling
  that were meant to bite into my flesh and stop it being pulled in and out of
  me, as with the Giggle and the phaeton, I was being rhythmically slowly fucked
  by it.  
The dildo the penis-coupling comprised, was moving insistently consistently
  back and forward back and forward many-mini-inches within me, tearing the supersensitive
  flesh of my most supersensitive part with its vicious spikes, so that I was
  bleeding, and then tearing me more so that I bled some more.  
Were my mind not numbed with the pain, the pain that was in my mind to the
  degree that the pain was my mind, and I was become an inhuman human scream,
  I would have been aware that I was being put to the plough to punish me for
  collapsing in an orgasm before the princess' special guests on the day that
  Sparrow-Hop had been spit-roasted alive.  
"THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!", Kim Kai
  splashed the water off my naked back and screamed me some more, with her unmerciful
  whipping. I had wandered off the straight and narrow. So much was I at wonder
  from the pain in my cunt that I had let my guiding plumb-weights swing and
  clash and become forgetful of my duty to feel the swinging of my tits forward
  and backward. The very reason my tits had been pierced with six-inch needle
  nipple-bits had, after all, been to increase my pain in that area so that it
  would register the more as my tits hung and swung.  
We, I, 'it', the girlplough-pony that was me, that was it, that was the it
  I was, had reached the end of the field and its left tit was being tugged with
  the long reins pulling on its left tit rein to tell the stupid creature to
  turn.  
And I executed a perfect turn with the plough shares still splitting the
  ground into spits behind me, and began my lonely lowly painful wiggle-walk
  back alongside where I had already ploughed, returning to four plough blades
  aside distance from the point where I had started.  
And despite my agonising pain I felt pride flood me for the simple pleasure
  of now seeing how well I had already ploughed the land with four straight and
  even stripes that had cost me fifteen evil painful strikes with the whip on
  my poor nudity.  
And I renewed my efforts to be obedient and to do the job I was enslaved
  to, to the best of my ability, knowing the pain of the whip so increased by
  its wetness in the water of the rain and the wetness of my body over which
  the relentless pitiless rain ran in erotically compelling rivers, would rain
  down on my naked flesh again, should I gain again a strain to stain a stray
  away from the path of true righteousness I furrowed so thoroughly in constantly
  consistent insistent horrible pain.  
And I dutifully, having begun to walk the straight and narrow like an arrow,
  I dutifully set my tits swinging with their plum-bobs pulling my nipples to
  tell me by their motion forward and backward, without a scintilla of sideways,
  or the threat of them clashing, that I was walking straight and dashing the
  soil aside with the plough blades as my cruel mistress would have me. I the
  'it', with my virgin's cunt raped hard with a brutal mistress penis that filled
  me to fulfil me, that I nil she must be good and obey her, and obey her here
  and now and plough.  
And my head nodded as I patently patiently plodded, the obedient little donkey,
  with its nose bell, and lower lip bell and ear bells and eyelid bells adangling
  and adingling musically as its sexy legs gilrmuscularly strove to divide the
  sod on which it must endlessly plod.  
I turned the virgin soil with my virgin's minx pulling the sacred plough
  with the penis-coupling I was now wetting with my intimate innermost minx moisture
  as my lust made me what is called 'boisterous'; but in such a heavenly feminine
  creation as I could only be poetically poignantly appropriately rendered tenderly "girlsterous".  
My minx was being raped as the rain poured in diagonal torrents its soft
  caress upon my flawless nakedness, and my wetness was becoming as inside outside
  and as outside inside, such that my supremely soft smooth flesh gleamed inside
  as outside. My intimacy was intricately infinitely inflamed by the raw rubbing
  and rampant scratching raw, and scraping sore, of my most sensitive minx by
  the spiked penis-coupling's copulating of me, as I walked the walk my female
  body's naturalness made me walk.  
The soft rain stung the fifteen whip welts with which my eighteen-year-old's
  supremely feminine body was zebrared. My cunt was on fire with the heat of
  its ripped inners. My nipples bled from the cruel six-inch nipple-bits with
  which they were imbedded and from the pulling of them as I swung my tits back
  and fore, fore and back as I must to guide me straight.  
The profoundly round half-moons of my rear performed mesmerising circular
  orbits as my hips were rattlesnake-forced to do by my fifteen-inch waspie,
  and by the very fact that I was fundamentally the greatest gift that heaven
  had ever bestowed on the undeserving earth: girl.  
I could do nothing that was not provocatively sexy, and the fascination of
  watching my beautiful bottom, glistening with the constant rain, undulate and
  grind my minx on the huge penis she knew was forced up me, was arousing my
  mistress of the day with desire for the me what she knew she could not have,
  and therefore wanted to punish for making her feel so, even though I was innocent
  of any deliberation in what I was doing, insofar as my being sensationally
  sensually sexually provocative was concerned.  
I could not help my oh-so-stunningly-smackable bottom rising and falling
  and waggling from side to side. I could not help the wonderful strong and yet
  still supremely feminine smooth shapeliness of my legs. I could not help the
  massiveness of my tits or the hugeness of my nipples. It was not my fault that
  my eyes were such a stunning deep-dark brown. I could not help that I had such
  pretty little ears. It was not my fault that my negress' lips were so constantly
  completely compellingly kissable. I could not help my high cheekbones giving
  my face queenly grace. It was not my fault that my coffee-brown skin was shining
  in the rain with all the stars in all the heavens unable to match its deliriously
  deliciously delightful soft smooth languorously caressable lickable longfortotouchness.  
I was just girl: no more than girl.  
I was girl aroused as I ploughed my second set of four furrows. They were
  clean-cut and straight as dies as I worked my thighs and emitted my sighs at
  the size of the penis up my intimate hole ravishing me without mercy as I pulled
  the plough in fear and pain. My mouth filled with the huge round bit slivered
  by slaver, which dribbled down my chin as my mouth was as moist as my quim,
  and my desire fire grew ever higher.  
My mouth was as wet and as dribbly as my cunt. I walked straight the arrow-line
  of absolute and completely unquestioning obedience. My sexual pleasure was
  parallel with my good behaviour and the lines I was ploughing four side-by-side,
  with my plumb-weights swinging my titties to keep me abide with my bidding.
  I was letting go as my cunt was letting me know that though I had fought the
  rape of the penis-coupling as I had pulled the phaeton, this was a holy wholly
  holey different fate. My minx was ordering my mind to give in to sin.  
My minx, but not my mind, knew that I was being metaphorically date raped.  
As my tits were swinging fore and aft and aft and fore pulled savagely by
  the chained weights dangling from them, they were pendulums of passing time
  mounting my mountaining pleasure to its peak, timeously to the coincident event
  that I would soon, so soon now, give wholly holy holey wanton vent.  
My mind fought against the cum in cruel bondage my minx would have me have.
  I could not cry "get thee behind me Satan" when, bent over 'L' as I was, my
  satin smooth salivating Sataness was behind me already, and already all ready
  to enjoy the joy of enforced animal cum. I mentally begged my minx to give
  me peace. I begged her not to take me to beyond critical mass. But she laughed
  at my timorousness and reminded herself of the timeliness, and that I was ticking
  to the point of no return with a cum that I could not spurn, a cum without
  sperm, a cum so stern in my stern that was so near to the point of no-return.  
My right titty was being tugged by the long rein through my tit-rein to turn
  me again as I had gained more fourfold furrows in the cold earth as the rain
  poured on my shining body: my shining heavenly body. And I obeyed my cruel
  mistresses, Kim Kai and my cunt both, and turned in total submissive obedience
  of the rein that jiggled my titty so plainly in its plane. And I began to plough
  my third set of fourfold furrows in the soil with my endless toil. And I hung
  my sweet head to examine the ground before me, such as the limit was that I
  could see with my eyes so thoroughly blinkered, with eyes in a brown study:
  brown eyes a study of stately sexual seductiveness.  
And I set my tits to swing back and forth for my first second third and fourth
  ploughshare to score the earth apart in a line, my titty's torture would tell
  was straight and keep straight. And the frustration of my guiding guardian
  angel Kim Kai grew to a fearsome rage, as I ploughed another page with my lovely
  body so near and yet so far to and from her. And she drew back her whip to
  welt me for her hatred of the power of my body over her, and she beat me savagely
  brutally "THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!" "THWICK!!!!" and I screamed
  as her welting me with whip ticked the time to my crisis, a crisis commemorative
  of my mother's natal ripping as my head had poked from her in the agony for
  her of my birth, this day, this time, this year but nineteen whip stripes and
  nineteen-three-six-five days ago, to the very very split of the split second,
  as I orgasmed, screaming my birth pangs with unearthly inhuman screech, as
  had my lovely dam, as her dam had been breached by me as I was now breached
  and bled with my cunt red, as I spurted my girl-juices with my blood, as I
  came with a massive thunderous nuclear of explosive cums, my cunt screaming: "HAPPY
  BIRTHDAY!!!" as my nineteenth brutal lash had taken this essentially sensual
  sexy sassy lassie, to the lasting moment of torment that was the total orgasm:
  the completely animal uncontrolled and uncontrollable orgasm that echoed my
  birth, the anniversary of my presence, my anniversary present, my birthday
  present, as the clock ticked to 19.19 hours and I was become in my cum, a girl
  second to no girl, to the split-second exactly sweet 19-years old.  
I had come to my birthday and cum on my birthday at the very split second
  of my birth.  
My mind unconscious of what my minx had known, my mind not knowing I was
  now nineteen, my track of time lost with my long imprisonment, my titties swung
  fore and aft, fore and aft, as I obediently ploughed yet more furrows, sensationally
  sensuously sated, but for the moment a girl can be so stated to be, for, fully
  obedient slave, I would plough on under the whip and in the rain to have two
  more monumental cums again, before it grew too dark for my birthday to continue
  that way.  
FOOTNOTE 
  The above apparently imaginary writings were found on the laptop PC of a student
      of Camford University in January 2000, after the girl who owned the computer
      had disappeared along with her tutor-counsellor. All enquiries at the university
      pointed toward a passionate love affair between tutor and pupil, now missing
      together.   
As the tutor, Professor Alena Crupper, and the student, Bronwyn Emma Jones
  (who sometimes styled herself 'Emma Bronwyn' and usually used 'Emma' as her
  first name), were both of adult age when they had apparently absconded together,
  the British police confirmed that the matter was one they could not pursue,
  since there was no evidence of any crime having been committed.  
Despite their protestations to the British authorities, Emma's parents who,
  contrary to Emma's writings on her PC were and are very much alive, could only
  look to 'missing persons' charities, or the hiring of a reliable private detective
  with, since the lesbian lovers had possibly fled abroad, international reach.  
The detective hired recommended publicity to flush out any hitherto hidden
  corners where information might yet be forthcoming.  
Apologetic to Emma's mother as she needed to be when she raised the matter,
  this latter-day Pinkerton's agent delicately conveyed that "the lesbian angle" would
  assure maximum coverage in the national 'popular press'.  
Salacious interest was indeed assured in the more disreputable quarters of
  the British press, where the pictures of the missing professor and her exceptionally
  attractive student, soon appeared under the headline "Lesbian Lovers Leap Law",
  the angle of the story being more concerned with the hinted-at bedroom activities
  of two such lovely young women, than with the fact that Emma's parents were
  frantic to know that she was alive and well.  
Publicity worked its charm though, if in a slightly happenchance way.  
The trail seemed to have gone completely cold, when the private detective
  agency Emma's mother had engaged, received a telephone call from a helicopter
  pilot working in Scotland. He had been packing to move home back over the border
  to England. And he had been using old newspapers he had been given, to wrap
  a vase against prospective breakage, when his romantic eye had been caught
  by an exceptionally attractive mini-skirted girl, immediately below the headline: "Lesbian
  Lovers Leap Law".  
He had noticed that the article hinted at fetishistic indulgences&hellip;&hellip;..
  Could he see someone face-to-face&hellip;&hellip;  
The detective had rushed up to see this pilot in Glasgow, and taken notes
  and notice of his admission that he and his fellow pilots would get bored with
  low flying to check over gas and oil pipelines, and that one of their favourite
  diversions was to overfly a fetish club where there were "goings on" with pretty
  girls trussed up all tight like they were horses.  
The club met at the beachside private estate of a Fabrina Saddlesmith, who
  had often telephoned and occasionally written to his then employer, to complain
  of the intrusions from helicopters flying unnecessarily and possible dangerously
  low, undoubtedly poking their noses into what was happening in an entirely
  private and completely legal institution, "for", as she put it, "reasons, no
  doubt, of indulging a disgusting male practice".  
"To get to the point", this pilot had said, as his eyes roamed the detective
  girl's very shapely legs, he and his "co" (his co-pilot) had seen a very attractive
  young black girl one day at this club, in a huge open fallow field.  
She was all but naked and seemed to be being made to pull a plough.  
She was decked out in some very intricate "tackle", if that was what you
  called all those reins and things you put on horses, and was bent over forwards
  pulling with all her might with the plough at the end of a chain, which his
  mate (his co-pilot) swore was fixed to a ring at the end of something that
  was in the poor girl's twat (her sex).  
And they were whipping her terribly, whipping her for real.  
"And she was doing a great job with the plough too&hellip;&hellip;. There
  were furrows straight as ramrods where she'd already been&hellip;.."  
The detective was not beyond indulging in the odd "break-in". With the help
  of the pilot, she had tracked down the field the girl had been forced to pull
  a plough in. The fact that the whole of this field had been ploughed at some
  non-too-distant time, was still evident from the air. At ground level though,
  it had overgrown once more.  
A brick-built shed in a neighbouring field looked worth investigating. An
  illegal 'night visit' with strong bolt cutters, resulted in the discovery of
  a massive and exceptionally cruelly designed dildo, with some poor girl's still
  lingering musky aroma on it. This was later confirmed to have Emma's very intimate
  DNA coating it. Emma's dried spittle was also found on what could only be a
  bridle and bit, clearly designed for the human mouth. DNA from this matched
  with that of Emma's mother confirmed this also.  
Thereafter, the trail went finally forever cold&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
However, the bridle had had incorporated a headband for the wearer's forehead,
  and the headband had included a peculiar name, very boldly and clearly lovingly
  carefully tooled into it. The name was 'Midnight-Pearl'&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eve Adorer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





