BDSM Library - Megan's Mistake




Megan's Mistake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A high school girl is wrongly convicted of a drug charge.  She is sentenced to a violent women's correctional facilty, where she learns many unfortunate lessons at the hands of the corrupt warden and her fellow inmates. Megan's Mistake  
 Prologue  
This was supposed to be the greatest year of Megan's life. It was her senior
  year of high school, captain of the cheerleading team, envy of all the other
  girls, and wettest dream of all the boys. Nothing but good times lay ahead
  for the prettiest girl in Lakeview High. Sometimes though, life throws you
  a curve and things don't always turn out the way they are supposed to.  
It was April now, a particularly cold and rainy day. Megan was sitting on
  a bus headed to the California Correctional Institute for Women. She had been
  convicted on a bogus narcotics charge. She knew it, her family knew and so
  did the judge. But no one here on this bus cared, of that she was sure.  
 Chapter One  
Her life began unraveling the previous fall. Megan had been politely, but
  firmly, declining the repeated sexual advances of another girl on her cheerleading
  squad. A beautiful blonde with big blue eyes, Megan was used to shooting down
  the hopes of the boys, and occasionally even some of her less-then-scrupulous
  teachers. Things were different with Tiffany however. A fellow cheerleader,
  Tiffany was extremely aggressive and one who was used to getting her own way.
  Being the only child of a rich and powerful judge can make some girls that
  way.  
One evening after practice, Tiffany made her boldest move yet; attempting
  to touch Megan in a very provocative way in the showers after practice. Disgusted
  by the thought of being handled that way by another girl, even one as cute
  as Tiffany, caused Megan to immediately vacate the showers and run straight
  home. That, in hindsight, would be the biggest mistake of her life.  
The following day, of what ordinarily would have been just another day at
  school, quickly snowballed out of control. The principal and two police officers
  were waiting for Megan next to her locker. This, she surmised, was not good.
  With little hesitation by the police officers, she was forced face first against
  the wall, handcuffed, and escorted out the door past both stunned teachers
  and classmates alike. She barely had time to notice the three large bags of
  white powder being placed into an evidence bag by a crime technician. The walk
  to the police car was a blur to her. However as she was being stuffed into
  the back of the squad car Megan was able to notice Tiffany, standing close
  by wearing a tiny little smirk on her face.  
The next five months were a whirlwind. Megan was not allowed back into school,
  and she had little time for anything but preparing for her upcoming trial.
  Despite her attorney's constant reminders about overwhelming evidence, Megan
  and her family completely ruled out any type of plea bargain. She had done
  nothing wrong. Why should she plead guilty, even to a reduced charge?  
Once the trial got underway, Megan could feel the scales of justice start
  to tip heavily against her. The presiding judge was coincidently (?) none other
  than Tiffany's own mother, Pamela Heartstone. How could she get a fair trial?
  Her incompetent lawyer was able to nothing about that. When it finally came
  time to take the stand in her own defense, her pleas of innocence fell onto
  the deaf ears of the jury. People in this community were tired of drug dealers,
  no matter how young and how pretty they were.  
After the three-week trial, it came as a surprise to no one when the verdict
  was read: &quot;Guilty, on all counts!" Megan took one last look at her parents,
  tears now pouring out of everyone's eyes. Quickly, she was manhandled by the
  guards and taken out of the courtroom.  
 During the sentencing phase, at the suggestion of her lawyer, Megan dressed
  in a plaid red skirt, white blouse and white nylons with garters. The thought
  being that the innocent schoolgirl look may play well with the judge and lead
  to a reduced sentence. Megan's lawyer thought that the judge herself had a
  daughter who was a classmate of Megan's didn't she? Certainly she would try
  to give Megan a reduced sentence if she could. Right?  
Both attorney and client gulped as they heard the judge's brief words. &quot;8
  Years&quot;. It was the maximum sentence allowed by law. The judge said her
  hands were tied. The state would not allow any deviation from the sentencing
  guidelines. Within minutes Megan was led to a bus that would take her immediately
  to the new maximum-security penal colony for women, a five-hour drive upstate.  
Chapter 2  
The bus ride was a long one and Megan was smart enough to know that she would
  be a target the minute she stepped of the bus. She was pissed off that she
  had taken her lawyer's shitty advice and worn that schoolgirl outfit. That
  idiot was wrong about everything else! She became more uneasy as just about
  every other woman on the bus gave her the once over.  
As they pulled into the yard, the prisoners were led toward the processing
  area. They were all cuffed, and every one of them shared a look of dejection
  on their faces. Every woman knew that their time here would be no picnic. This
  place, she had heard, had that kind of a reputation.  
As she waited in line with the others, Megan felt firm hands grab her shoulders
  and force her towards a large metal door. Once inside the empty and windowless
  room, Megan was told to stand at attention and await the arrival of the warden.
  After what seemed like an eternity, a striking woman with jet black hair pulled
  neatly back, entered the room. Megan was expecting some fat old Hague, like
  she had seen in so many movies. But this was certainly not the case here. The
  Warden wore a tight black leather bodysuit, and was in great shape. Megan surmised
  she was in her early forties.  
Without saying a word, she circled the girl several times and nodded ominously
  to the guards standing at either side of her. She took a baton from one and
  used it to slowly lift up Megan's skirt. Next she gently pressed the baton
  into each of Megan's firm tits. Before the girl even had a chance to object,
  the Warden chimed in.  
&quot;The first rule of this facility, my dear, and there are many, is that
  you will not speak unless you are given permission, and right now I see no
  need to grant you such permission. It is doubtful that you will have anything
  of value to add.&quot;  
Megan detected a strong Eastern European accent, Russian perhaps?  
The girl gulped and kept her mouth shut as the warden continued her all too
  thorough inspection. Satisfied; she nodded to the two female guards and then
  uttered:  
&quot;Prepare her for processing in my private chamber. I will handle this
  one myself.&quot;  
The now terrified Megan was taken away by the female guards down a series
  of long hallways, each ending at a heavy steel door. Once inside the &quot;private
  chamber&quot; the young blonde was quickly chained to a wall and stripped of
  all her clothing, with the exception of her lily-white bra and panties. The
  guards, no doubt salivated at a chance to defile the girl, but all three agreed
  they would get their chance later. No sense in incurring the wrath of the warden.  
Good thing, because moments later the warden entered the room and slammed
  the door behind her. Megan became even more alarmed as she had now changed
  into an ultra tight black latex body suit, which accentuated every curve. Why
  would she do that? The Warden clapped her hands and the guards quickly unshackled
  her from the wall. But only for a moment was Megan free, as she was quickly
  carried over to a big padded leather table in the middle of the room. Immediately
  they cuffed her hands securely above her head. Next, a long wooden bar was
  placed between her legs and attached to her ankles with tight leather cuffs.
  A chain dangling from the ceiling was attached to the middle of the bar and
  then pulled skyward, hoisting Megan's well-toned legs high into the air.  
The imposing looking warden again circled her prey. Admiring the young beauty,
  she makes a mental note to send an extra special gift to Judge Heartstone.
  The Warden takes her left hand and places it directly on Megan's heart. Not
  surprisingly she feels a heavy thumping. Megan is about to speak. But the Warden
  takes her right hand and puts her index finger to her lips.  
&quot;Remember what we talked about&quot;, she says sternly. Next the warden
  orders that &quot;the cart&quot; be brought out. A guard willing obeys and
  wheels over a metal cart complete with razor blades, shaving creams, and gels,
  even a horsehair brush. The Warden informs Megan that she is about to have
  her pussy shaved! She gulps hard; this will be the first time for her.  
Shaving a girl's pussy is one activity that Warden Maria Chandler has never
  grown tired of. She has been happily shaving girls for many years, and unbeknownst
  to everyone at the prison, under a variety of names. Maria Chandler is not
  her real name, just the one given to her by a secret government agency when
  she was brought over here after the fall of the Soviet Union. Her real name
  is Olga Strovsky.  
She was a former KGB interrogation specialist who dabbled in slave training
  for the Soviet elite just before the fall of the Berlin wall. Ever the opportunist,
  and fearing for her life because of revenge seeking enemies, Olga took important
  files and sold them to Western agents in exchange for political asylum in the
  USA.  
Olga was singled out early on in her KGB training as someone who would not
  hesitate to inflict ever-crueler punishments on her victims to achieve her
  goals. Her reputation in the KGB as a specialist in the torturing of pretty
  young female flesh also opened other doors. Often times, between her duties
  interrogating uncooperative prisoners, women from around the globe were brought
  to her by KGB kidnapping teams. High party officials, who had a seemingly endless
  appetite for pretty young women, would request Olga to train them into obedient
  sex slaves. Her techniques were often very brutal, but also extremely effective.
  She only trained women, and they tended to stay trained, less risk a return
  to vist to her private dungeon.  
This &quot;specialized service&quot; provided her with a nice living, by
  Russian standards, and also allowed the avowed lesbian access to some of the
  prettiest girls the world had to offer. This was a life that she was loath
  to leave behind, but she had no choice if she wished to avoid certain imprisonment
  or worse, when the Soviet empire finally collapsed. Fortunately for her, Olga's
  new handlers in the West saw the value in her skill set and arranged to put
  her in a position where she could still practice her &quot;art&quot; for the
  mutual benefit of all parties.  
Staring down at the beautiful young Megan, Olga/Maria could think of no other
  place in the world she would rather be. Where else could a sadistic lesbian
  bitch &quot;legally&quot; defile such pretty young girls, get paid for it,
  and have &quot;protection&quot; from highly placed government sources?  
As is her custom, Maria will personally perform the shaving procedure. This
  is one task she refused to &quot;delegate&quot;. The guards know from experience
  that the warden always seems to shave the prettiest ones herself. Years of
  practice have made Maria especially adept at this activity. She slowly and
  deliberately mixes the cream in a silver bowl in plain eyesight of Megan. She
  wants the girl to be frightened. Almost all girls are when they are naked and
  restrained for the first time. What Maria does not know, and does not care,
  is that this will be the first time that Megan has had her pussy shaved. Aside
  from the obvious physical benefits of a freshly shorn cunt, Maria is well aware
  of the psychological effect the shaving will have on her young captive. She
  was told time and time again during her KGB training that shaving a girl's
  pussy removes not only the hair but also the last traces of defense a girl
  may have. A captive's will to fight would more easily melt away once her most
  tender area was completely exposed. Often time's additional tortures became
  unnecessary in order to accomplish her objective.  
Years of pussy shaving have also allowed the warden to occasionally &quot;experiment&quot; on
  new prisoners. One method that was particularly successful during interrogations
  was the use of an extremely cold shaving cream applied to the cunt. It has
  been Maria's experience that a cold pussy provides for not only a much better
  shave, but also further weakens a girl's resolve. While particularly unpleasant
  for the shavee, it provides for a much more appetizing result for the shaver.
  Therefore Maria has developed a special mixture of gels that she has kept in
  a freezer until just before they are to be applied. Once spread onto the cunt,
  the chill causes goose bumps and naturally the pubic hair will rise, allowing
  for easier removal.  
The warden at last begins the process by circling her brush into the cream
  filled bowl. She then slowly spreads it onto Megan's nice available twat, careful
  to cover every inch. Megan gyrates a bit, as much as the bonds will allow.
  As the warden continues her delicate brushing, Megan's teeth begin to chatter.
  Not surprisingly this evokes a slight chuckle from the guards. They have seen
  this reaction many times before.  
After waiting for ten agonizing minutes, the warden is satisfied that the
  cream has done its work. She grabs a straight edge razor and warns Megan to
  be very, very still. She carefully places the cold steel blade onto her cunt
  and with the steady hand of a surgeon, methodically removes any traces of hair.
  Inspecting her work, the warden allows herself a smile. She rubs the newly
  bald mound, causing Megan again to squirm uncomfortably.  
Next the warden nods to one of the guards. Megan expects to be released.
  But instead the warden has another surprise for her, this one much more sinister.
  Lisa, one of the younger guards has returned. This time she is carrying a tray
  of large, heavy black candles. Megan looks on in disbelief as the warden tells
  her that her pussy is about to be entombed by a thick coating of wax!!! She
  is informed that this is being done for her own protection. Other inmates have
  sometimes been known to take advantage of pretty new girl's on the cellblock.
  Megan would certainly want to be protected against that wouldn't she? The wax
  will help protect her against unwelcome advances, she is told.  
Megan is left with no choice but to speak out as the warden raises the first
  candle over her freshly shorn cunt.  
&quot;Please Warden, I beg you, don't do this!!!&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry&quot;, she is told, &quot;Prison rules insist on it&quot;.  
Before beginning, Megan's legs are lowered and then fastened at the ankles
  to the table. The Warden has learned this lesson the hard way, as other girls
  have kneed her in the head during this process. A series of extra belts are
  also added to her waist and upper thighs to guard against even the slightest
  additional movement. Also, because she has spoken without permission, the guards
  force a bit gag into her mouth and fasten it snugly behind her head.  
Waxing has also been a staple of Maria's repertoire. Sure there were better
  ways of protecting Megan's ultra valuable cunt, like a chastity belt for instance.
  But applying the wax was just too much of a thrill for her to pass up. Plus,
  she has always been a big believer in the power of alternating extreme cold
  and extreme heat on a girl's pussy to help insure their continued obedience.  
Now ready to begin, the warden turns her wrist at a slight angle. Slowly
  the hot wax begins to trickle down and delivers an intense stinging to the
  Megan's unprotected cunt. The young girl shakes wildly to free herself, even
  as the warden tips the candle further. The wax slowly begins to cover her exposed
  pussy lips, causing an unbearable, searing pain. Unable to get wrest herself
  free, Megan bites the bit gag hard, and then starts to cry uncontrollably.
  As the warden reaches for a second candle, Darla, a sympathetic guard, gently
  strokes the girl's face. She has witnessed this process many times before,
  and always feels some sympathy for the captive. In her opinion, no high school
  girl should have to go through this, especially one who was probably sent her
  under questionable circumstances. Darla gently whispers into Megan's ear to
  try and relax. This may take some time, as the warden insists on being thorough.  
Although a nice gesture, it does little however to relieve the intense pain
  between Megan's legs. Up and down the cunt the Warden pours the molten wax.
  But each succeeding candle, a total of eight will be used, hurts less and less.
  Mercifully the job is completed. Megan's most sensitive area is now completely
  covered with a thick black wax.  
 The girl is given some time to collect herself until at last the gag is
  removed. She is tempted to scream out, but Megan is well aware that no one
  will hear her, much less care if they do. Minutes later she is slowly unbound
  from the table. Finally the poor girl is helped up by Lisa and Darla as she
  is unable to stand on her own two feet.  
Before being escorted to her cell, the warden offers this one piece of chilling
  advice:  
&quot;The temptation, I'm sure, is for you to touch your pussy and even attempt
  to remove the wax. I must assure you that would be unwise. I will check on
  you tomorrow morning at the 8:00 AM roll call. You will be ordered to lower
  your panties, and if the wax is removed for any reason, there will be serious
  ramifications!&quot;  
With that the Warden exits the room. The guards help Megan into her orange
  prison issue bra and panties and matching shorts and top. As she is taken down
  to her cell, through the endless maze of corridors and cellblocks, the still
  disbelieving girl is quite surprised to see a number of similar aged, and also
  quite pretty girls. Not what she was expecting at a large prison like this.
  But now all she can think about is sleeping. No doubt this has been the most
  terrifying day of her life. At last her cell door is opened and she is placed
  onto her cot. Finally the guards exit and lock the cell door behind them. Megan
  looks up and can only manage a tear before drifting into a deep sleep.  
Chapter 3  
Upon awakening, Megan soon realizes that she shares a cell with another pretty
  young inmate, who introduces herself as Misty. The girl seems nice enough and
  soon sits next to Megan on her cot. Misty begins to console her new cellmate.
  It seems that she too was forced to endure the same painful procedure on her
  first day in the prison. After a short time chatting about that mutual unpleasantness,
  it becomes obvious to Misty that Megan wants very much to rub her own cunt.
  But Misty sees Megan's hand venture towards her panties and quickly grabs it.
  She warns Megan not to touch her own pussy or make any attempt to remove the
  wax, or the warden will go berserk. She has heard what happens to other girls
  that make that mistake, and certainly does not wish a similar fate for her
  new cellmate. Now feeling that she can trust the girl, Megan sobs briefly before
  falling asleep in Misty's arms.  
 Sometime during the night Megan's cell door is opened. Before she can scream
  a ball gag is forced into her mouth and a blindfold is placed over her eyes.
  Next she is hauled out of her cell by what seems like an army of unseen hands,
  grabbing at anything they can. Roughly she is dragged for what seems like forever,
  but in actuality is only a few dozen yards away. She has been taken to the &quot;activity
  room&quot; in Cell Block T. There her arms are raised above her head and cuffed
  securely to leather restraints, attached to heavy chains hanging from the ceiling.  
As she struggles to move about, Megan feels her legs pried open at the ankles.
  Leather cuffs are added with a wooden spreader bar placed in between, keeping
  her legs spread apart. Next, she feels a number of hands tearing her off her
  skimpy prison uniform and rubbing them all over her well toned body. Whispering
  voices grow more and more excited at the sight of Megan's wax coated twat.
  Just before they reach a crescendo the helpless girl hears a commanding woman
  yell out:  
&quot;Leave her alone ladies, there will be plenty of time for that later!!&quot;  
Megan feels the hands begrudgingly recede from her pubic area as she turns
  toward her head toward the voice.  
A pair of strong, yet clearly feminine hands grabs Megan at her waist and
  work their way slowly up to her firm tits, gently squeezing the nipples.  
&quot;My name is Dominique, I am the leader of this cell block. All new inmates
  are brought to me for my personal inspection, and so far I like what I see.&quot;  
Megan gulps and tries to speak through her gag, all the while trying to spin
  her way away from the mysterious girl holding tightly onto her.  
Dominique continues her inspection of the girl, continuing to run her hands
  up and down Megan, stopping at her wax covered cunt.  
&quot;Oh how I am looking forward to enjoying this&quot;, she says as she
  gently pats Megan's pussy. &quot;But even I won't cross the warden. But perhaps
  I will enjoy something else first.&quot; Dominique's hand leaves Megan's cunt
  and travels the short distance to her asshole. Slowly she extends her middle
  finger and slides it into Megan's tight sphincter. The girl recoils and fights
  to twist away. Laughter ensues from the other girls as Dominique pulls her
  hand away.  
&quot;I have a surprise for you my new little friend. One that I don't think
  you are going to like very much.&quot;  
Dominique grabs Megan's head and raises the blindfold covering Megan's eyes.
  Once they adjust to the minimal light, what she sees is terrifying. A tall
  black haired woman, at least six foot one, is standing in front of her with
  an enormous strap-on dildo dangling between her legs. Dominique smiles as one
  of the other girls obediently runs over and begins rubbing a lubricant up and
  down the long black shaft. The Amazon like bitch walks behind Megan and squirts
  a healthy amount of the cold lube into her ass.  
&quot;Guess where this is going?&quot; the bitch asks just before replacing
  the blindfold. Moments later she feels multiple sets of arms grabbing each
  of her legs, further immobilizing her. Next Megan feels the rubber object poke
  her in her lower back and rub up and down the crack of her ass before settling
  right outside her virgin asshole.  
A new voice, from down between her legs, says: &quot;My advice is not to
  fight it, it will only hurt more&quot;.  
That is the last thing Megan hears before the strong hands of Dominique grab
  her on the hips. Slowly the woman inserts the big bulbous head of the dildo
  into Megan's puckered little ass. She screams into the gag and tries desperately
  to gyrate away from the unwelcome invader. But it is of no use; the many sets
  of arms holding her in place are too strong. Carefully Dominique pushes forward,
  easing the massive dildo farther and farther into Megan's unreceptive hole.
  Screams into the gag produce nothing but spittle, which starts to dribble down
  her chin. Dominique grabs the back of Megan's long blond hair and pulls it
  toward her with her right hand, even as she continues to thrust away.  
 At last Megan feels the sweaty skin of Dominique's mid-section touch the
  back of her own ass, indicating that the dildo has reached its maximum depth
  of nine inches!!! The pain is unbearable, definitely worse than her early bout
  with the warden. But it is only the beginning. As Dominique slowly begins to
  de-sert the rod, Megan can hear her tormentor ask for more lube. The bitch
  now continues to thrust away, harder, faster and deeper then before. The maniacal
  bitch just won't stop! After what seems like an eternity, Dominique finally
  tires. She gives herself one last extra hard thrust before easing the dildo
  out of Megan's exhausted ass.  
Dominique is no doubt impressed by the fortitude of this new little bitch,
  many others have passed out under the same circumstances. She orders Megan
  to be unhooked from her bonds and returned promptly to her cell. No sense lingering
  and risking the wrath of the warden. Before being dragged back to her cell
  Megan is told that she and Dominique will have a bright future together.  
Chapter 4  
6:00 AM rolls around much too early for Megan. She has just gone through
  the worst day of her life and now another one is already beginning. She couldn't
  last seven days in this place, let alone seven years!  
Megan looks over at Misty, who is still sleeping, and then starts to rub
  her ass; still sore from the pounding it took last night. Megan tries to drift
  back to sleep, but it of no use as moments later the warden comes to her cell.
  Once inside she demands that Megan remove her uniform and her lower her panties.
  What happens next is a shock to everybody... the wax is gone!!!  
Megan was certain that the attackers from last night had left her cunt alone.
  She was sure that Amazon like bitch would have seen to it. What could have
  happened? Megan could not even muster up the courage to defend herself, as
  the now enraged warden demanded that the guards immediately take her to &quot;The
  Chamber&quot;. As she is dragged away, her cellmate, Misty, allows a little
  smile to appear. Megan is pleading for mercy and looks back at Misty for help.
  All the cellmate does is lift up the corner of her pillow to reveal a tiny
  pile of wax shavings that she has hidden underneath.  
On the way to the &quot;Chamber&quot;, an ultra secret room immediately off
  of the wardens office, Maria berates Megan for breaking the one cardinal rule
  of the prison...Do not remove the wax from your pussy!!! Protests, begging
  and pleading all fall on deaf ears, Megan must be taught a lesson for such
  blatant disobedience.  
The Chamber is a room that the Warden had built to handle the most incorrigible
  inmates. It stands in stark contrast to the rest of the prison, which is all
  drab gray stone and black bars. This particular room is gleaming white with
  lots of bright lights and instruments adorning the walls, like an operating
  room at a new hospital. Once inside Megan sees another girl, a woman she vaguely
  remembers as a member of the guards. She too is not here by her own free will.
  It seems this girl is being disciplined for actions unbecoming of a guard.
  This girl is nude and strapped securely to a steel table located in the middle
  of the room. She cannot be nor much older then Megan, perhaps early twenties,
  and has a very worried look on her face. Megan is rudely forced down next to
  her on an identical table and secured tightly into place.  
The warden says ominously: &quot;Megan, I hope we never again have to administer
  this procedure during your incarceration, but you must be taught a lesson.
  Rules are rules here, especially when I set them forth. As for you Susan, you
  know why you are here. Many young lesbians would kill to be given this job,
  and this is how you repay me? Today, this will serve as your punishment. If
  you still want your job after we are done, fine, however any further infractions
  will result in your immediate dismissal from this facility! Am I making myself
  clear?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Warden, I am sorry, Thank you for this second opportunity.&quot;  
It seems that Susan was one of the guards on duty in Megan's cellblock last
  night. It was she who was supposed to be keeping an eye on the new inmate.
  Instead the guard was getting her pussy licked by another one of the new inmates.
  The guard will now have to pay a steep price indeed for such a foolish indiscretion.  
The warden carefully checks the bonds on each girl. Satisfied that they are
  sufficiently tight, she nods to one of the guards. A cart is wheeled between
  the two girls. Electrical gizmos and a vast assortment of wires are everywhere.
  Megan and Susan steal a glance at each other. Each understanding the fear that
  the other is feeling. Each knowing that whatever they are going to go through,
  they will go through together.  
Inspecting the contents of the cart, Warden Maria allows herself a smile.
  A sadistic bitch to the core, she is now ready to begin. Relishing this moment,
  she carefully begins attaching a set of black electrodes to each of Megan's
  bright red nipples. A special paste is liberally applied to insure that they
  will not come off during the &quot;procedure&quot;. Megan hopes against hope
  that the warden will stop there, but not surprisingly those prayers go unanswered
  as she slowly snakes her hand down to Megan's still aching pussy. Maria strokes
  the bald tender mound for the briefest of moments before applying two dabs
  of the clear goo, to either side of her pussy lips, and then carefully presses
  the electrodes into place.  
&quot;Please, please don't do this! I beg of you. I will do anything!&quot;  
&quot;You will do anything anyway my dear, plus, as you will soon learn,
  I rather enjoy this.&quot;  
Megan can only watch and wait as the Warden repeats the same procedure on
  Susan's tightly restrained body. The guard is surprisingly silent however;
  Megan surmises that Susan knows better then anyone that pleas are wasted on
  a coldhearted bitch like Maria.  
Megan is now offered the option of a blindfold, which she declines. For one
  last bit of devilishness the warden takes a spray bottle and squeezes it several
  times over Megan's pussy. The damp mist will only increase the conductivity
  and the pain, she is told. The preparation process is now complete. The warden
  is now ready to send a message that neither of these girls will ever forget.  
 The leather-gloved right hand of Warden Maria is raised high; she glances
  one last time at Megan, gives her a wink and then lowers her hand. The guard
  obediently presses a large red button in the middle of a panel on the wall,
  immediately changing Megan's life forever.  
A piercing jolt of electricity shoots through her nipples and cunt, causing
  agonizing pain. Her scream is so loud it shocks even the normally stone-faced
  guards. Her limbs are no match for the ultra secure metal restraints. Megan
  pushes her body up in a wild attempt to break herself loose.  
Susan looks on in horror as she sees the pretty eighteen year-old convulse
  wildly. Moments later it is over. Megan's body limply returns to its position
  on the table.  
&quot;Your turn sweetie!!!&quot; Maria says mockingly as she directs her
  attention to her wayward charge. Alexis, the bitch supervisor of the guards,
  orders that the circuit be switched. Susan hears the lever slide over, and
  within seconds the current is soon sent shooting through her most vulnerable
  areas. Not surprisingly, the foolish guard questions why she ever wanted to
  work here in the first place.  
At this point Maria could stop, any sane woman would. The lesson has been
  taught. She can be assured that neither one of these girls will ever disobey
  her again. But she well knows that a point must be made. It has been her experience
  that these points are best made early in a girl's sentence, to discourage any
  further deviant behavior. She walks over to Megan; still breathing heavily,
  her body covered in a slick, sweat. Carefully she checks the electrodes between
  her prisoner's legs and then nipples. Satisfied that they are still in place
  she orders another jolt of electricity!  
Megan's body tightens and writhes as the current whips through her cunt and
  tits again. The screams, now even louder then before, have no effect on Maria.
  She has heard much, much worse during her long career. Yes, she is sadistic,
  but she is not stupid. Megan is young and strong. Her value on the outside
  is very high indeed. She will do nothing to jeopardize that. Megan's body is
  capable of far worse punishment then this. As an expert in the torture of young
  female flesh, she knows the breaking point of this girl, and it is a long way
  from here.  
The diabolical bitch walks over to Megan. She gently caresses the sobbing
  girl and rubs her hands over Megan's now sweat soaked body. At this point she
  knows that Megan will do anything to be released. But it is not time yet. Sometimes
  messages must be sent to people other than the victims. The guards must constantly
  be reminded that Maria is the unconditional ruler of the prison. A person in
  her position can never afford to show weakness. Unfortunately for Megan, she
  will act as the messenger. Another charge is ordered!  
This command has its desired result. Maria can see that the guards are surprised
  at her level of viciousness. They are now beginning to become a bit uncomfortable
  as the teen-aged beauty is prepared for yet a third jolt. Maria orders that
  a bit gag be forced into her mouth before she is zapped again. Two of the guards
  reluctantly comply as they struggle with the harness-like apparatus that is
  to be forced into Megan's mouth. Tears pour out of her eyes as she shakes her
  head wildly. At last the guards are done and the procedure can continue.  
Megan waits silently as the wayward guard Susan is ordered released from
  her bonds. Grateful the girl drops to her knees and kisses the shiny boots
  of the Warden. She is the ordered to take over at the control panel. It is
  Susan who will deliver the next savage onslaught to Megan. Just moments ago
  they experienced the same intense pain, now she will inflict it. The naked
  guard obediently places her hand on the red button and waits for the order.
  Moments later it comes and she and pushes her hand down, holding it in place
  for what Megan seems like forever. The gag mercifully muffles her screams.
  Only spittle manages to dribble out of her mouth before she at last passes
  out.  
Chapter 5  
 Megan wakes up on the cold floor of the warden's office naked and in shackles.
  She struggles to get to her knees. Somehow, through the hazy fog in her head,
  she can tell that she has been cleaned up. All of the gel that covered her
  tits and pussy has been rinsed away. She touches herself for the first time,
  providing relief to her aching cunt. She can only begin to guess when she will
  be allowed to enjoy that luxury again. How, she wonders could this be allowed
  to go on in the American judicial system? After a few minutes a door opens
  and the warden walks in. Megan tries to scurry away. This only amuses Maria.  
 &quot;It doesn't always have to be this way if you obey my rules Megan,
  I don't like to do those types of things to any girl here&quot;, she lies.
  The warden helps her to her feet and Megan is able to take only baby steps,
  as much as the chains will allow, over to a heavy closet door. Inside are a
  wide variety of what Megan is told are chastity belts. A vast assortment of
  leather and steel apparatuses are on display, each designed to protect a girl's
  most intimate treasures.  
 &quot;Perhaps yesterday's incident was my fault.&quot; The warden begins. &quot;If
  I had had one of these installed on you upon your arrival then none of this
  would have happened. But in retrospect I think you will become a better prisoner
  for having gone through it.&quot; Megan is disgusted by the twisted logic but
  wisely keeps her mouth shut. She is ordered to choose one of the uncomfortable
  looking things from the closet. This device, she is told, will remain on her
  indefinitely. She is assured that it is for her protection only. None look
  the least bit appealing but she finally selects one that appears to offer the
  most comfort. The warden nods approvingly. She takes the device and orders
  Megan to stand up. Walking behind Megan she grabs the belt in one hand and
  with the other gently caresses Megan's sore cunt. The girl is too scared to
  pull away as the warden's palm lingers there for an unnecessarily long moment.  
&quot;You know Megan, when you learn to obey the rules this doesn't have
  to be such a bad place&quot;. Maria gently extends a finger into Megan's silky
  soft recesses; the girl straddles it for a moment before Maria pulls away.  
&quot;My dear, you are going to be here for eight years. I want us to be
  friends, don't you?&quot; Megan doesn't answer. &quot;Somehow I don't think
  you are going to make early parole, since I am on the parole board. I suggest
  you get used to the idea of other women being in complete control of your body
  because that is the way it is going to be as long as you are inside these walls!" Megan
  shudders at the thought as the warden locks the device snuggly in place and
  puts the key on her necklace, which hangs nicely between her impressive bosom.  
&quot;I have one other thing that I want you to wear Megan, come over here&quot;,
  the warden commands. On her desk is a thick leather slave collar with multiple
  steel loops attached. &quot;Like every girl in this facility, you will be required
  to wear this at ALL times. It will not be removed until you are released, this
  includes, bathing, sleeping, etc.&quot;  
Megan gulps at yet another indignity thrust on her. Maria grabs the collar
  and orders Megan to her knees. She bends the girls' head slightly forward and
  gently brushes her long blond hair away from her neck. She reaches around the
  front of Megan and slides the collar in front and then cinches it snugly around
  her neck. Megan hears the unwelcome sound of a &quot;click&quot; as the collar
  is now permanently fastened into place with a tiny lock. A she is brought to
  her feet, Megan sees the key placed onto a rack behind the warden's desk, along
  with so many others.  
&quot;Before you are taken back to your cell, there is one more thing I would
  like for you to see. Please come here&quot;. Megan obediently follows the warden
  into an adjoining room. Inside is a well-appointed bedroom. An inviting looking
  four-post bed sits in the middle with luxurious linens and soft cushy pillows.
  The walls are paneled in dark wood and soft lighting abounds. The door shuts
  automatically behind her.  
&quot;In this room, my dear, is where you will be given the opportunity to
  help make life here a lot easier for yourself.&quot; Megan can only imagine
  what that means. &quot;Many girls in this prison have eased the burdens of
  their sentence by performing well in here. Hopefully you understand my meaning&quot;?  
The warden motions for Megan to come join her in the middle of the bed. The
  girl reluctantly complies. Once on the bed, the warden gently eases Megan onto
  her back and places her head down onto one of the soft pillows. She can sense
  the apprehension of the pretty young girl. After so much pain the last few
  days, the warden could hardly blame her for being frightened. Now is the time
  she must show some compassion.  
Megan knows what is about to come and she can do nothing about it. She is
  going to have her first lesbian experience.  
The warden steps off the bed and extends Megan's right arm above her head.
  There a leather cuff awaits her wrist. The procedure is repeated with her left
  hand. &quot;It will take some time, perhaps a few months, before you will be
  allowed onto this bed and not have to be restrained. There are times when it
  will take tremendous discipline on your part to accept what goes on in here
  with fighting back. And now I know that you are not ready for that.&quot;  
Maria moves down to the other side of the bed and secures Megan's ankles
  into place with the posts in the other two corners. The girl is now spread
  eagle on the bed and completely tied down.  
&quot;I have another surprise for you my dear. There is someone I would like
  to introduce to you&quot;. Megan's crane's her neck to her right as the Warden
  opens a door to her chamber. Slowly a young girl emerges from the shadows.
  She is wearing a cheerleading outfit from her high school! No it can't be,
  but it is, her archrival from high school! The girl who put her into this awful
  mess, Tiffany Heartstone!!!  
&quot;Hello Megan, how are you?&quot; Tiffany inquires as she saunters over
  to Megan, enjoying the Warden's handiwork.  
&quot;How can this be? What are you doing here?&quot; A stunned Megan asks.  
&quot;You seem to have forgotten, my mother is a powerful person in this
  state, very powerful as you can see.&quot;  
Tiffany begins to run her hand slowly up Megan's thigh.  
&quot;Please help me get out of here, I didn't do anything&quot; Megan begs.  
&quot;Why would I help you get out when I am the one who put you here? Tiffany
  and Maria share a laugh while Megan stares on in disbelief.  
The last few months were all coming back in a blur, it's all starting to
  make sense now. Tiffany framed her for refusing her repeated advances. Megan
  always suspected it, even more so when the little bitch winked at her in the
  squad car. But now hearing it from the source sent her into a near total shock.
  Time seemed to freeze momentarily and she barely even noticed that Tiffany
  was taking advantage of Megan's tightly restrained body. What was denied to
  her months ago was now nicely available.  
She caressed Megan's tender skin and ventured underneath her prison shirt
  to fell her firm, ripe melons. She squeezes Megan's tender nipples, which help
  jar the girl out of her stunned state.  
Tiffany's hands venture slowly south, to the chastity belt. She looks at
  the warden, who nods and takes off her necklace with the all-important key,
  and hands it to Tiffany. Before exiting the room, she opens a pair of large
  wooden closet doors. Inside are a dungeon Master's dreams. Every sort of bondage
  and torture device imaginable are inside. Megan felt another lump in her throat
  as she sees Tiffany give her another sinister little smile.  
&quot;Yes we are going to have fun tonight, you little bitch&quot;.  
Megan tries to squirm away, but the warden, as she is beginning to find out,
  did a superb job of securing her.  
Tiffany walks over to the closet, and admires some rather large strap-on
  dildos. &quot;Plenty of time for those later.&quot;  
She grabs some small plastic items and returns to the bed. Once there she
  roughly tears open Megan's orange shirt, revealing her beautiful tits. Tiffany
  licks her lips and dives right in, locking her mouth on Megan's right boob.
  She sucks it for a minute and then pulls away hard with her teeth. Now rock
  hard, Tiffany attaches a clamp to the nipple, twisting it tighter and tighter.
  Megan almost screams, but holds off as Tiffany sucks away on the left tit.
  Moments later the left clamp is in place.  
&quot;All I ever wanted Megan was you. From the day I first saw you in the
  locker room I loved you and wanted to be with you. But all you did was turn
  your back on me. Now you have left me with no choice but to take what you would
  not give me.&quot;  
&quot;I have had you put in this awful place for eight fucking years, and
  there is nothing anyone can do about it. All that I can do is tell the Warden
  that you were good to me and for her to go easy on you.&quot;  
Megan looks over at her erstwhile ex-teammate. Their eyes meet briefly as
  she looks down at her throbbing tits, hoping that Tiffany would remove the
  painful clamps. Tiffany ignores the obvious insinuation. Next she carefully
  raises up her skirt revealing her white cotton panties. Slowly she inches them
  down, past her knees and ultimately to the floor.  
&quot;There is something that I want you to do for me, something I have wanted
  for a very long time.&quot; She climbs up on the bed and carefully plants herself
  on top of Megan's chest, putting added weight onto her throbbing tits. Tiffany
  again raises her skirt to give Megan a clear view of her neatly trimmed cunt.
  Slowly she inches her knees forward, placing her now steaming gash directly
  over Megan's unwanting mouth.  
&quot;You know what you have to do, don't you?&quot;  
Tiffany glances down at Megan's baby doe eyes, now welling with tears. The
  spoiled little bitch could hardly contain herself. Nearly a year after being
  humiliated in the girl's locker room, months of sitting through a long difficult
  trial, and now it has come to this. Her dream of having Megan orally pleasure
  her is now about to be realized. At long last Tiffany could feel Megan's tongue
  slowly, and reluctantly, extend into her wetness. The pleasure became more
  and more intense as Megan's tongue probed deeper and deeper into Tiffany's
  sopping snatch. Finally it happens, the most tremendous orgasm of Tiffany's
  life cascades over her body, bringing relief to her and an instant justification
  for everything that she has done to Megan.  
Tiffany rolls off of Megan's chest and lies next to her former classmate.
  She looks over at the tender, cum soaked face of her former classmate and gives
  her a gentle kiss on the lips, tasting her own juices before abruptly pulling
  away.  
&quot;You can expect me in here once a week, and if you're good, maybe I
  won't have to have you chained down.&quot;  
Megan, still shocked, waits for Tiffany to release her and remove the clamps.
  But she would have to wait a long time. The Bitch left the room, and turned
  out the lights, leaving Megan to reflect back on everything she would have
  done differently that one fateful day in the locker room so many months ago.  
 THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jlou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





