BDSM Library - The Game




The Game
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is about a young man on vacation who learns the hard way, one should never play games with strangers you might not like the price you have to pay when you lose.Matt sits, his face wet with tears as he looks own upon his hard
      cock and bound balls. He has never been so hard in his life. All he wanted
      was a vacation and the resort promised experiences that would change your
      life forever. He now knows they were not lying.    
He sits on chair, hands bound behind and legs secured to the legs.
      A leather strap has been tied about his balls pushing them out and making
      them easy to assess and see as they hang over the edge of the wooden chair.
      His cock is hard and thick and weeping as he bounces against his muscled
      belly. Matt moans unable to even touch himself.   
When he had arrived, the place promised to be all it had been advertised
      to be. Women walked around with their lush breasts out for all to see.
      Men and women coupled openly in the lobby, on the beach and even preformed
      oral sex in the dinning room. His young cock took notice of that right
      away. Matt wasted no time in banging the maid who carried up his bags.
      So sexy in her little french maid outfit, she let him know she had no panties
      on and was wet. He took her ththree times in his room before giving her
      a tip and sending her on her way.   
He had made his presence known soon enough as he tapped every pussy
      that caught his eyes. In fact the whole place was a sea of lush breasts
      and wet pussies begging to be fucked. And fuck he did, this one and that
      one. In his bed, in the pool and even in the elavator. Thinking himself
      quite the stud he whipped out his pride and joy of eight hard thick inches.
      If there was a wet pussy his dick was in it pumping away.   
This went on for three days until finally he decided to check out
      the rest of what the hotel had to offer. After all even a stud like him
      needs a break to rest up now and then.   
Matt found the gaming room on the main floor and entered. There
      was a variety of games going on from dice to cards to slot machines and
      more. He wandered about watching others lose and win. Yet, nothing appeals
      to him, it's all old and tried. He is watching an elderly couple playing
      the slots now. As she sits yanking on the lever, he is behind her fondling
      her saggy breasts and pinching the nipples under her dress.   
A hand lands on his shoulder and Matt looks back to see a rather
      large dark skinned man in a turbon. The man grins. &quot;So, you are looking
      for something different to try? If you like high risks that can make you
      rich beyond your dreams come with me.&quot; The man winks. &quot;I promise
      you a game like no other you've ever played. Are you man enough?'   
His cock hardens in his pants and Matt nods. He is then led into
      the back where some stairs wind down into darkness. &quot;What is this
      game?&quot;   
&quot;You will see.&quot; The large man guides Matt down the dark
      winding stairs until they reach a door. It is opened and reveals several
      men and women mingling about a bar drinking. There is music playing and
      some are dancing under a spinning globe light on the ceiling.    
A large muscled man dressed in a tux sits in a throne like chair
      at the end of the room smoking a cigar. There are naked men and women lounging
      at his feet. Matt thinks he has surely found heaven with all the naked
      breasts in the room. Topless women pass by carrying trays of drinks, one
      even reaches out squeezing his hard package. Yes, he has entered pussy
      heaven, his cock thickens even more.   
After a few drinks and dances with the semi naked women, Matt is
      slightly drunk and ready for anything. He has fondled breasts, sucked on
      a few rosy nipples and licked a few pussies. His cock has been stroked
      and fucked and is spent. He leans against the bar naked as he eyes a woman
      down the way as he strokes his cock.   
The man in the tux now stands and the music stops. &quot;Anyone
      not wishing to play the game leave now. Once those doors are closed, it
      will be too late to change your mind. And I know you all want to win big
      tonight. Time to play children.&quot; He gestures to a large wooden table.
      The women quickly leave the room as the men left now sit at the table.
      The doors are shut and locked. In all there are five men, the man running
      the games and six musular men standing along the back wall. Matt wonders
      if they just like to watch.   
The man in the tux clears his throat. &quot;This game is really
      simple gentlemen. The stakes are high, but the reward can make one rich
      for life. If you win, you leave here one million dollars richer. To play
      all you have to do is bet your balls and other body parts. Lose, and your
      body is mine to do with as I please.&quot; The man grins. One of the five
      sitting at the table stands and pushes his chair back.    
&quot;I refuse, this is insane!&quot;   
 &quot;You were warned, now sit down and shut up.&quot; The man
      finds two hands on his shoulders forcing him back into his seat. The man's
      hands are tied behind the chair as he is pulled around. One of the large
      men kneels and begins to fondle the bound man's cock and balls. Matt moans
      and is surprised to find himself getting hard as he watches. The man in
      tux smiles. &quot;You like that do you?&quot;   
Matt sneers. &quot;I ain't no fucking faggot!&quot; Yet the hard
      cock he is sporting tells a different story. Matt can't figure out why,
      he is turned off by faggots and even the thought of them and yet here he
      is getting horny watching a bound man fondled.    
The man in the tux walks over caressing Matt's face. &quot;If you
      lose, I have decided to keep you for myself.&quot; He leans over kissing
      Matt on the forehead and then reaches down squeezing Matt's erection. Matt
      cannot pull away fast enough. &quot;Oh don't fret my pretty one, you will
      learn in time.&quot;   
It is now Matt notices that every naked man at the table including
      himself is young and well built with muscled bodies and young soft cocks
      and hanging balls. Clearly he was not picked at random nor were they. He
      swallows hard and parts his legs looking down at his hard cock. Never has
      it been so hard before, felt so good.   
He sits and watches as do the others as the protesting man is sucked
      and fondled by the large guard. Soon all are sporting hard cocks that ooze
      precum. One man reaches down to stroke his cock and the command is given
      no man is touch himself before permission is given. Or they will forfeit
      their balls on the spot. All they can do is sit and watch. The bound man
      is moaning and thrusting his hips up now, lost in the lust fired up in
      him by the experienced guard. Just before he comes the guard stands and
      the man whimpers begging for release. But the man in the tux just shakes
      his head. &quot;Now do you want to play or just have your balls cut off
      now?&quot;   
The man is panting. &quot;I will play.&quot;   
&quot;Good, who knows you might win.&quot; With a nod the man is
      untied. &quot;Now the gentlemen shall we begin?&quot; The young men all
      nod. Some think this is all a joke and others think they won't lose. Matt
      is not sure what he is hoping for. He looks down at the oozing head of
      his cock and smiles.   
The man now sits in the lead chair. He reaches over and fondles
      the young man's cock next to him and licks his lips. &quot;The game is
      simple, the rules are simple. I will deal you each out six cards face down.
      Only you can see them by peeking. Let no one see your hand. I will go around
      the table giving each man a chance to improve his hand. You can replace
      one or all of your cards as you choose. At the end you will all show your
      hands.&quot; The man pulls out a large glass jar and rattles it. Chips
      rattle. He dumps them out.    
&quot;The red chips mean you bet your balls, the blue your cock.
      The yellow means you are willing to risk being altered and given breasts.
      The green means you risk it all balls and cock in one shot. The white means
      you want to made into a sissy girl totally. The winner walks away one million
      dollars richer tax free.&quot; The colored chips are now put back into
      the black jar. &quot;Now to make things even more interesting, we are going
      to keep score. Each game will consist of two hands, two chances to win
      and move on, two chances to lose. All will draw a chip to be on each hand.
      The man with the lowest points at the end of each game will be taken away
      to pay the price for losing. We will begin a new game will begin anew.
      We, will keep doing this until only two remain and only one will walk off
      with a million dollars. The guards will remain to make sure no one misbehaves
      or tries to escape. If you withdraw now, I will gift you with any chip
      color of my choosing. Understand?&quot; The men all nod. &quot;I should
      add the guards are here for your moral support as well.&quot; He winks
      as he breaks the seal on the first deck of cards and begins to shuffle
      them.   
Six cards are now placed face down in front of the naked men. I
      will take bets only after the first round is played and you all have a
      chance to replace some cards dwelt you.&quot; The men all look at each
      other, knowing only one of them is leaving this room as they entered and
      the fear and excitement shows on their young faces. Each young stud is
      sporting a hard on and trembling as they look at their cards. Matt looks
      at his.   
The first round, all the men replace some cards dwelt to them.
      Now the fun begins. The first man takes two cards and pulls out a red chip
      and it is placed in a small jar next to him. The second man takes two cards
      and pulls out a blue chip. The third man takes four cards and pulls out
      a white chip. Matt takes two cards and pulls out a green chip. The last
      man takes four card and draws out a green chip. Sweat covers the men as
      they stare at their chips. The second round goes smoothly and Matt ends
      up pulling out another green chip while the first and second man pull out
      a yellow and the fourth a green. By the third hand everyone's hands are
      shaking. The men study their cards carefully now as each is determined
      not to lose.    
As the game continues, the man in the tux takes his time letting
      the excitement and fear in the room build and build.    
The first game ends with the second man led off weeping as he will
      lose his cock and keep his balls but be given breasts too. The tension
      begins to increase. By the end of the second game, the first man is taken
      off clutching his white chip.   
 Matt can feel his balls churning now as he eagerly looks at the
      new hand dwelt him. The scent of musk and lust is so thick in the air now
      Matt can taste it on his tongue. The third game ends with the fifth man
      losing. He is led off by a leash about the balls he will soon lose. Now
      it is just Matt and one other. Matt leans back looking down at his hard
      cock as the cards are dwelt out to the last two men. A guard leans down
      and begins to caress Matt's chest, tweaking his hard nips. Another stands
      behind the other man touching him in the same fashion.    
The cards are now face down in front of the men. The first round
      is played and the next will mean drawing a colored chip at random. This
      last hand will tell all now, decide the fate of the last two men. Matt
      licks his lips and the other man sneers at him. The man wearing the tux
      chuckles as he can see how aroused the two young men are. The first man
      takes two cards and reaches into the black jar pulling out a blue chip.
      He drops it on the table. It's Matt's turn now.    
Seeing how nervous Matt is the man in the tux claps his hands and
      a midget appears from behind the bar. He is naked and his cock is huge,
      his hanging sack swinging as he approaches and scampers under the table.
      He goes to Matt and pinches the base of his cock with two fingers to keep
      him from cumming and begins to lick the long hard shaft and balls. Matt
      looks down moaning. Matt now asks for one card and draws a red chip. His
      heart is racing as the midget continues to lick and suck upon his throbbing
      groin.   
The man in the tux reaches over fondling Matt's chest with one
      hand, further arousing him. The first man takes one card now, and pulls
      out a blue chip. Matt takes two and pulls out yet another red chip. Alan
      holds the second red chip in his fingers, if he loses his balls will be
      cut off. How fitting two red chips drawn , one for each nut. Matt looks
      down at his cock and balls and wishes he could lick the droplets of precum
      oozing from his own cock.    
The man in the tux reaches over taking Matt's hand holding the
      chip and brings it to his mouth sucking on the chip and Matt's fingers
      briefly before letting it go. Matt drops the chip unable to do much more
      than that by now.   
The first man now takes three cards and pulls out a white chip.
      His face pales a little but he remains calm. Matt knows now it's time for
      show and tell. They will reveal their cards and he will either walk away
      a rich man, or one without his balls.    
The man in the tux smiles as he now reaches out flipping over the
      six cards before each man. The first man has a royal flush and Matt, only
      one pair of fours. Matt begins to weep quietly. The winner is promptly
      escorted from the room leaving Matt alone with the man in the tux. Since
      then two days have passed, two days of being aroused and not allowed to
      cum. Two days of waiting fearfully in anticaption of his balls being cut
      off. Two days of being taunted as the man in tux tells him over and over
      what is going to happen to him and of the new life soon to begin. Two days
      of mental and physical torment.    
Matt's eyes shoot open now, memories shoved away as hand cups his
      balls and fondles them. The man is back and grinning. &quot;Well, what
      do we have here my little slut? Look how pretty your hard cock is.&quot; The
      man leans down kissing the weeping head and then licks it. Matt moans and
      tries to push his cock up into his mouth. The man laughs and pulls on the
      bound balls and Matt swears he can feel his ball getting even larger. Matt
      moans again and whimpers. &quot;Please let me cum.&quot;   
The man laughs as he fondles the swollen balls. &quot;What is this?
      The man who was screaming he was no fag, begging for me to make him cum?
      Was it not you cursing the other day when I came in and tied your pretty
      little balls that no man could ever turn you on?&quot; He leans in licking
      up Matt's hard cock.   
Matt groans as the ache in his balls continues to grow as the man
      torments him. &quot;What do you want from me?&quot;   
The man smiles. &quot;I intend to add you to my harm pretty boy.
      You should never play games of chance with someone who is far better at
      it. Now let me see what did you bet? Oh yes, your balls. And you lost.&quot; His
      hand fondles the balls again pulling on them. &quot;I am going to cut off
      your balls boy, but leave you the cock. I am going to train you to please
      me with your little man pussy and mouth. In time you will beg to service
      me.&quot;   
With that said an elderly man steps up and kneels before Matt.
      He begins taking notes. Name Matt, to be changed later. Sex, male. Age
      twenty. Height five foot ten. Hair, soft and shoulder length brown, eyes
      blue. Skin, lightly tanned and muscles but not overly done. Face, pretty.
      The elderly man now fondles his cock. Hard cock is seven inches. Balls,
      thick and almost ready.   
Matt moans as the elderly man touches him everywhere. It is like
      the old man is feeling him out before writing in the little book. His cock
      has never been so hard and thick in his life. The old man smiles and writes
      down, anal virgin. The old man chuckles and leaves.   
&quot;What was he doing?&quot; Matt pants out.   
&quot;He was registering you in my harem book of sissies owned
      by me.&quot;   
&quot;I will never give into you. NEVER!&quot; Matt cries out. &quot;What
      kind of freak are you?&quot; Matt screams.   
The man stands and slaps Matt hard snapping his head to one side
      and leaving a stinging red hand print on the youth's face. &quot;By the
      time I am done with you girl, you will be happy and begging to be used
      by me.&quot; The man smoothes back his dark hair. &quot;Let me explain
      some facts to you Matt. I deal in flesh. I take young men like yourself
      who are foolish enough to fall into my hands and I give you a chance to
      win big or lose big. I then take those losers, like yourself and I sell
      them to special customers who pay me well. I can alter the mind of any
      slave, any body as I choose fit. Sluts like you have not only warmed my
      bed but made me a very rich man.&quot; The man smiles. &quot;But you my
      pretty, I was watching you fuck every woman you could. Think your quite
      a stud don't you. Well, I like you slut and I've decided to sell the others
      but keep you for myself. You've been given a great gift my pretty one,
      you are about to become a part of my private harem.&quot;   
The man stands back and snaps his fingers. Two large men appear
      and both are naked. Their thick cocks swaying as they walk. Matt gasps
      as he notices both men are missing their balls. He cringes back as four
      large hands now untie him and pull him up. The man slaps Matt's hard cock
      and Matt moans. &quot;Time to get you closer to your new life little girl.&quot;   
Matt is taken to room and laid out on a wooden X with legs and
      hands secured, the legs are jointed and pushed up and back, exposing his
      groin and little pink hole. The man walks up and runs his hands over Matt's
      body, pinching his little nips hard and feeling them pebble up. Matt moans. &quot;Please
      don't cut off my balls Mister. Please.&quot; The man reaches down fondling
      the sack.    
&quot;You won't even miss them girl. You will love having your
      little pussy fucked, sucking on my cock. You will love living in my harm
      little girl.&quot; He leans into Matt whispering. &quot;You played the
      game and knew the risks and you lost. Now it's time to pay up.&quot;   
The man claps his hands and four men that can only be described
      as beautiful enter the room. These four have their balls intact though.
      The man stands back and begins to auction Matt's body off. By the time
      the bidding is done, one has won the right to fuck Matt's hole, the other
      to fuck his face and the third to suck his cock. The fourth has won the
      right to smear the golden humming bird on the cock Matt will be sucking.   
Matt is shaking now, hands are caressing his body as the auction
      is delcared done. He listened as his body was bought in parts. His cock
      seems to grow even thicker in lust as he listens. How is this possible?
      Matt does not understand what is happening to him. He knows this man intends
      to cut off his balls and make him some sort of altered woman and yet his
      cock has never been so hard and so thick.   
The man now dangles the bottle of golden liquid before Matt. &quot;Pay
      attention now girl, this is very important. This is called golden humming
      bird. It will allow you to enjoy your new pussy later and achieve pussy
      orgasm after your balls are gone. Pesky balls, you don't need them anyway.
      Besides your balls were always getting into trouble and now you can relax
      and just be a pretty fuckable lady for me. Won't that be nice.&quot; He
      strokes Matt's cock and Matt tries to force his cock into the stroking
      hand more.   
A man now places a blindfold around Matt's head. &quot;I want you
      to enjoy this girl, it will be the last time you cum as a man.   
Hands now begin to caress Matt again. They rub his thighs, and
      chest. Hands guide his head over to the side and a cock slides between
      his lips. Matt moans and begins to suck as oiled fingers begin to probe
      his tight hole. They ease in and wiggle and stretch as Matt sucks on the
      cock in his mouth. He can taste something sweet as he sucks but does not
      care as he sucks as hard as he can now.    
His nips are played with, his balls fondled. Then a cock thrusts
      past the ring of muscle and Matt cries out in pain as the thick cock thrusts
      deep inside him now. Soon the cock begins to fuck him and the golden humming
      bird is beginning to kick in as well. Matt is soon moaning as his hole
      and face are fucked.    
His cock hard bounces against his belly but is untouched as hands
      and cocks assault him everywhere else. Matt moans and sucks upon the cock
      in his mouth even harder now. The cock in hole rams in hard shaking him
      with every thrust. The man stands and watches as the man Matt is slowly
      changing inside. The man who cried faggot now welcomes the cock in his
      arse, the cock in his mouth and the hands touching him at will.   
The man leans down whispering. &quot;It's coming now my pretty,
      soon all your suffering will be done.&quot; The fourth man leans down and
      begins to suck Matt's cock slowly as he can feel someone take hold of his
      balls. Matt moans, he is going to be able to cum at last. He tries to rock
      his cock into the mouth as the cocks continue to fuck him. The hand fondles
      the balls, pulling on them as he can feel himself growing closer. His mind
      is screaming at him, to stop this somehow. To stop racing towards orgasm
      or loose his balls. Matt moans as he can feel the sharp edge of metal against
      his stretched out balls now. He thrusts his cock ever faster into the mouth
      now.   
His entire body feels on fire now as he can feel his balls knotting
      up tighter and tighter. Then it explodes. His body bucks up as streams
      of white cum are spewed out as his cock jerks again and again and again.
      He has never had such an intense orgasm in his young male life. Then the
      knife moves quickly and severs the balls as they are stretched out, the
      last drop of cum emptied from them. A heated smooth metal is placed there
      to stop the bleeding and make the area smooth. The scent of burnt flesh
      fills the air and Matt screams and screams. From pain or knowing he is
      finally free, he cannot say right now.   
The cock in his arse cums at the sight of seeing the young man
      loose his balls. The cock in his mouth comes at seeing the now spent cock
      covered in cum and blood laying upon Matt's belly. Matt passes out from
      the intense orgasm and knowing his balls are gone forever leaving him a
      sissy man for life.   
The two men who brought him in now untie and lift him gently. &quot;Take
      him to the harem room the man orders. And be gentle with my new girl.&quot; The
      men nod and carry Matt out. As they leave four men walk in and close and
      lock the door. The men left behind look startled and try to leave. The
      four who entered seize the young men from behind and hold them in place.   
The man stands facing the four men who played the game. He walks
      up caressing each one's lovely face. He reaches into his pocket and pulls
      out four thin leather strips and ties each one around the player's balls
      making them swell up and stand out, caressing each sack and pulls on them
      lightly. &quot;Now who wants to play a game a chance?&quot; He smiles as
      the young men find themselves becoming aroused and scared all at the same
      time.   
tbc?   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Talaus Wolf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





