BDSM Library - Filling My Girlfriend's Friends All Up




Filling My Girlfriend's Friends All Up
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Joanne is Tommy's submissive girlfriend. When they met he introduced her to insertion games to see how much she could take in her pussy. As a girl she couldn't keep her mouth shut, instead sevaral of her friends at work got to know about their games. This opened up a plan to fill all of her friends pussies to the limit.
FILLING MY GIRLFRIEND'S FRIENDS ALL UP 
(M/F, M/F+, enema, fisting, toys, insertions, vegetables, D/s, Home, mc, humiliation, Serious)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

Joanne was a young girl, very sweet. I loved her ass from the beginning and she wanted someone 
to take care of her. On the first date I took her to a nice restaurant and she played her role as a 
doll. When we got home, I told her to undress in front of me. She responded right away and 
within a minute I had this 19 year old girl all nude.
- Come over her, I told her.
She was standing in front of me now. I took my hand and touched her pussy that was all wet. 
Then I let a finger slide in and I played with it inside. She moaned and she started to tremble 
when I played with her clit. I had a hard-on now but I enjoyed playing with her. I decided to try 
some penetration on her as she was both wet and interested in me. I pulled her down to me and I 
whispered to her
- I want to penetrate you now, how about that.
- Oh yes I love to have your dick, she replied.
- I want to do more than that, I continued, my game is about penetrating you with different 
objects to find out what you really like. Follow me to the kitchen and I will introduce you to it.
We went into the kitchen and placed some towels on the kitchen table to make it more 
comfortable to lie down. She got up on the table and I gave her a kiss before I continued to play 
with her pussy. It was still wet and I put three fingers in it without any problem. Then I added 
another finger before I had the whole hand inside. Now she was ready for the objects, so I removed 
my hand and let her lick it clean. Then I started with a banana. She had no problem taking it, instead 
she loved it sliding in and out. I moved over to a cucumber that was quite thick, but not very long. 
I started slowly, just teasing her before I tried to push it as far into her pussy as 
I could.
- That's good, she whispered, don't stop.
Now I ran the cucumber in and out of her pussy using the whole length for a while. Next object 
was a thick plastic bottle that would stretch her pussy a little bit more. I could see that it was a bit 
hard for her, still she didn't say anything. This bottle I squeezed around and it was nice to see her 
take it. Now she was ready for a new object and I brought out a tin can. I placed it by her pussy 
and it was difficult to get in. This time I had to use force to get it in and after a while I made it. 
The can slid into her pussy and I could only see the bottom of it.
- Now push to get it out, I said.
She pushed and I had the can in my hand again. I opened it and drank some before I handed it 
over to her. Next object was an orange, which I expected to be hard to get in. At first she tried to 
object, but I talked her into it. I placed it by her pussy and pushed to get in. As she had been 
prepared it was easier than I expected. When it was inside, I made her sit on the table so I could 
kiss her and to play with her tits. All this time I was dressed, with a rock hard dick. She 
responded on every kiss I gave her, while she tried to undress me. Finally both of us were naked 
and I just had to fuck her. She pushed to get the orange out and then I started to fuck her. With all 
this penetration, it only took a minute or two before l came. I took my dick out and made her lick 
it clean.

After this she moved into my apartment, to become my submissive girlfriend. She was assigned 
the responsibility to take care of all the household work for me that included cooking, doing the 
laundry and cleaning the apartment. Of course she also had to satisfy my sexual desires.

We continued to play with vegetables and fruit, and then I suggested that we could play with 
sausages too. Joanne agreed and next time she went shopping, she also brouht sausages of 
different sizes. When we both got home, we went into the bedroom to play. I started out with a 
thin long sausage after warming her up. The sausage went into her pussy without any problems 
and then I droved it in and out fucking her fast. When I was done, I took it out and ate it. Next 
sausage was thick as three of my fingers, but it was no problem getting it in the pussy. I could see 
that Joanne really loved the treatment. When I was done this time, I made her eat it. Now it was 
time for a big one that was even bigger than my hand. It was tougher for her to take, so I started 
slowly to stretch her and after ten minutes of penetration it was inside of her. She smiled when 
she realized that she had made it. The last sausage was mine and after I had eaten I bent down to 
lick her pussy. Playing with her clit made her crazy and I made her come over and over again. 
For my satisfaction I made her suck me and she swallowed the load.

A couple days later I was about to pick her up at the store where she worked. Of some reason I 
was a little bit early but I decided to surprise her. When she saw me, she smiled.
- Hi, she said, I'm so happy to see you. You must come and meet my friends, I still have to work 
half an hour before I can get off. 
She guided me to their cantina, where four girls sat. Joanne turned to me and said
- Girls, here is Tommy. The one and only boyfriend I have been talking about. She turned to me 
and continued. Here is Lisa, Andrea, Karen and Elisabeth, they are my best friends and they 
know everything about me. Once again she turned to the girls and said. Can you take care of him 
for a while?
The girls nodded at Joanne and she left the room. Right away Lisa, a girl about the same age as 
Joanne, started to talk.
- So you're the one that's been playing with Jo. Since she met you, she has been having problem 
walking.
- Well with all the attention she's been paying to the fruit stand lately she doesn't have to walk. 
Andrea, another girl about the same age as Joanne and Lisa, continued.
- Don't worry girls, Elisabeth a girl about thirty responded. As long as she knows about how to 
take care of a cucumber for our customers, she certainly will satisfy them.
The fourth girl, Karen, didn't say anything. Instead she took a banana, peeled it before she put it 
to her lips. Slowly she let it slide into her mouth. All of the girls laughed and I understood that 
she had told them about our games. They continued to make fun of what they knew, until Joanne 
returned.

When we got home, I confronted Joanne with the comments from her friends. She confessed right 
away, that she had told them about some things we had done. The only thing she hadn't told was 
about the sausage. I wasn't angry at her for telling them instead I was fascinated about their 
interest in our activities. Therefore I suggested that she would invite them to a girl's party in our 
apartment. In the beginning of the party I would go out for a business meeting. Joanne would get 
them to drink a lot and then lead them into our activities as a subject. When I got home, we 
would invite them to the bedroom to let them try how objects insertion felt like. After some 
hesitation, Joanne agreed to go along with it. She invited her friends to the party three weeks later 
and they all decided to come.

Joanne held the party a Friday, so all of her friends could come straight from work. They started 
out cooking together and they continued having a dinner. This was a smart move, as her friends 
had a lot of time to get drunk. Meanwhile I went for a dinner with one of my customers and planned 
to get home by ten in the evening. By then the girls had been eating and drinking, but even more 
interesting started talking about mine and Joanne's penetration games.

I returned to our apartment quarter past ten and before I opened the door I could hear the girls 
talking load. They were drunk. When I went inside they all cheered, while Joanne came to meet 
me. She gave me long kiss that lasted until Lisa and Andrea split us up.    
- Have you had a nice party girls, I asked them.
- It's getting better now as you have arrived, Andrea replied. 
- It is not a real party without a handsome man, Lisa continued.
- Or a dirty man, Karen finished the sentence.
- I wonder if he could teach us a trick or two, Elisabeth asked.
Now I knew that I had them where I wanted. I looked at Joanne to find a smile on her lips, as a 
confirmation to go on. Then I challenged the girls:
- I don't think you dare to do what I have to offer!
They all responded shouting, saying that I was afraid to try them. Then I continued:
- Okay! But it is a "one for all" offer. You will all be rewarded with a 100 bill each, if you can 
take what I suggest in your pussy. Are you ready for that? 
The girls looked at each other and then the younger girls started to persuade those whom had a 
boyfriend or a husband. I don't know how they did it but a few minutes later we all went into the 
bedroom with new bottles of wine together with Gin and tonic.

In the bedroom they all took of their clothes before they jumped into the bed. This counted also 
for Joanne, whom seemed to enjoy it. The first object I brought out was carrots. I started with 
Joanne and placed the carrot by her pussy and slowly pushed into her. That was no problem as we 
had been playing before. Lisa and Andrea volunteered to be next in line. It was no problem 
penetrating Lisa and I guess she had been fucking a lot. Andrea instead was tighter and I really 
had to be gentle with her. Now it was time for Elisabeth and Karen to take their carrots. Both of 
them hesitated as they had boyfriend and husband at home to think about. The other girls pushed 
them once again, before they went along. None of them had any problem taking the carrot. Next 
level was the banana. Once again Joanne had to start and after she had her banana in her pussy, I 
told her to play with it on her own. Then Lisa insisted to be next and she just spread her legs to 
make it easy for me to penetrate her. After that both Elisabeth and Karen wanted their share. 
Especially Karen was easy to get going with the banana, but Elisabeth also knew how to take it. 
Finally it was time for Andrea and I recognized that she was much more insecure now than 
before. Once again I played with her gently to make her familiar with the banana. In the end I had 
five girls playing with bananas, laughing about it. Now it was time for their reward, taking the 
cucumber. Joanne started and I had to play with her a little before it went inside of her. Then I 
tried to push it as far into her as possible and I stopped after a minute. With the cucumber fixed in 
her pussy, I broke it as close to her opening as possible before I went down between her legs and 
ate all the way up to her pussy. When she was done, she pushed and the cucumber came out. The 
other girls cheered and shouted all the time. Elisabeth was next, followed by Karen and Lisa. 
They all loved it, laughing and smiling. Finally it was time for Andrea, where I expected some 
problems. First I started penetrating her, but she held back. Then the other girls jumped in bed 
and held her while I pushed the cucumber up in her pussy. She made it and I shouted out:
- Girls, you're all worth your reward.
They cheered, before I continued 
- But you can double your reward if you can take this.
I took out an Aubergine that was even bigger than my fist. 

Karen volunteered first as she had been delivering two babies she thought it would be easier for 
her. She got down on the bed and I started to penetrate her, but it was hard to get it in. It took a 
while before she opened up and the Aubergine slid in. I could see in her eyes that it hurt, so I 
released her from it right away. Next in line was Elisabeth qualified by age. Well in bed she tried 
to spread as much as possible and I started to penetrate. I realised that she was much tighter than 
Karen as she screamed when I tried to push it in. When she asked me to stop, I let her go. Now 
Lisa wanted to try, so I started to play with her. Before she had no problem taking the cucumber 
but she found out that this was different. She wanted more than she could take and when I pushed 
she screamed. This time I stopped, not to hurt her more than necessary. I looked at Andrea now, 
whom had problem already taking the cucumber. She surprised me though, as she jumped in bed 
and told the other girls:
- I want your help holding me hard when I'm taking that thing in me. Then she looked straight in 
to my eyes and continued, and you shall just shove that thing into my pussy no matter what!
I looked at her for several seconds before I got started. First I penetrated her with two fingers and 
continued with a third and a fourth. I had now the palm of my hand in her warm and wet pussy, 
moving in and out like a great fuck. Then I squeezed in my thumb as well to get the whole fist in 
her. Surprisingly she wasn't as tight as I expected, after the problems with the cucumber. Then I 
took out my hand and started slowly with the Aubergine but I felt hopeless. She was too tight I 
thought, but Andrea yelled at me:
- You wimp, show me that you can treat a woman the way she asks to be treated. I want that thing 
in my pussy no matter what so just go on and do it.
I took the aubergine with both of my hands now and started to push against her pussy. Little by 
little I came a bit further and I could see how Andrea tried not to scream in pain. Tears started to 
fall instead down her face while the other girls held her hard. It took me several minutes before I 
made it all the way and the whole Aubergine went into her hairy pussy with a black spot of the 
Aubergine was seen in the opening. I look at her and said:
- You're an amazing woman to take this pain and still enjoy it.
- Well it's true that it hurts, but I like having it in me at the same time.
The other girls let go of her hands and arms now while she was laying there relaxed with that 
thing in her pussy. She just didn't want to let go of it. I looked at Joanne and gave her a kiss in 
the air before I bent down to Andrea and gave her a kiss on her mouth. She opened it and stated 
to play with my tongue. When we were done, I came over Joanne and started to kiss her to be 
sure that wouldn't jealous at me. Then I said.
- Now it's your time dear, are you ready.
- Yes I am, I'm wet and ready but you can hold it in your lap so I can ride that thing into my 
pussy.
I took another Aubergine and held it with both of my hands. Joanne got down so she could sit on 
it and slowly she let it come into her pussy. It was tough for her too and I could see that she really 
had to push herself to make it. After riding me slowly, bit by bit it came into her pussy and after 
some minutes she stopped. She made it and the other girls cheered and shouted while she 
continued to fuck it sitting on my lap. When she stopped I had to help her to lie down on her back 
on the bed right by Andrea whom still had the Aubergine in her. The girls looked at each other 
and laughed. Then they pushed to make the Aubergine slide out, to release them of their pain.

Now when the penetration session was over, the girls started to tease me and Joanne. They want 
to see us fuck and especially see me naked. All the time I had been dressed with pants and a shirt. 
I was so horny that I thought I was about to explode and when Joanne agreed to go along, the 
girls stripped me right away and led me to the bed. There I came on top of Joanne and pushed my 
dick in her pussy. It didn't take long until I came and the girls were all disappointed of that it 
didn't take longer. I rolled around to be on my back beside of Joanne and the girls took their 
opportunity to touch my dick even if Joanne disapproved of it. They all said, even Karen and 
Elisabeth, that she should be willing to share some of her treasure after what they have been 
giving in for. I had a hard-on within in minutes and they started to give me a hand job and when they 
were done I shot my load all over my belly.

After all this the party was more or less over. One hour later they had all left our apartment and I 
was alone with Joanne again. The apartment was all in a mess but we decided to fix it in the 
morning and we went to sleep together. Next day we stayed in bed instead and Joanne begged me 
to tell her how much I loved her. Over and over again I told her that and in between we kissed, 
hugged and fucked. I guess she was jealous of me playing with her friends, especially Andrea 
was a threat she didn't expect to have. It wasn't until late Sunday that Joanne cleaned up the 
apartment while I watched TV. It was nice watching her running around naked fixing it all up and 
when I wanted something she served me.

Monday morning came and Joanne was tense of going back to her job, after the party we had had
that Friday. She went away though while I worked at home the whole day. When she came home 
from work, she had Andrea with her. They both came into the apartment and Joanne came up to 
me right away and gave me a kiss. Andrea looked at me and said:
- Thanks for everything last Friday. All of our friends did enjoy it and it has opened up our 
minds.
- You're welcome, I replied.
- I also must tell you that we love you for the friend you are, but it was nothing more personal 
than that. You know we don't want you to think about leaving Joanne for anyone of us, because 
she is our best friend and we don't want to loose that.
I looked at her and at Joanne and realised that they have had a discussion during the day and that 
they all decided to get things right straight away. That was fine by me, as it was a great 
experience for me too. Then Andrea left and Joanne was by my side. We kissed and went to the 
bedroom to fuck again.

Our relationship gained by our experience and we both enjoyed being with each other. She 
fulfilled my wishes of taking care of the household work, while I could do other things. We let go 
of penetration games for some weeks, but then I just had to play with her again. This time I 
started to penetrate her ass. First with one finger and then I added another finger until I could 
penetrate her with my whole hand. She didn't like it when I started but as an obedient woman she 
did as I requested. It was nice fist fucking her ass and after doing this a week, I guess she started 
to enjoy it. Then I started to penetrate her pussy at the same time and it took a couple of times 
before I was able to penetrate her with one hand up her ass and one hand up her pussy. What a 
scene it was and I enjoyed every bit of it. Joanne was very curious at the same time, to find out 
how much she could take. So far I had only been the one to penetrate her, but then I asked her to 
penetrate my ass with her fingers. First she was chocked by the thought. Then she did as I told 
her and slowly I found out what it felt like having a fist up my ass. It hurt in the beginning, but 
when it was in there I enjoyed it a lot.

I know that my relationship with Joanne is different from the one other people live. Still the most 
important thing is that we both enjoy it. Today I have a woman taking care of my household and 
that satisfies me sexually when ever I want. Some days I can see that she's not really in the mood 
for fucking but she does it without arguing. We haven't had any party like the one with her 
friends instead we have continued to play games with each others. I guess that is the essence in 
our life.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





