BDSM Library - Football Watching Party




Football Watching Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie is taken by her dad and friends at a party.Julie's father Bob served as a special forces operative for twenty years
  in the US military. Retired now he worked in security for a fortune 500 IT
  company. Julie's mother had died in an automobile accident when she was very
  young so she had grown up and only child with her dad frequently away. She
  had only been 15 the first time that her father had visited her bedroom in
  the middle of the night. Waking up with him climbing into her bed on top of
  her and having his way with her young body. Since then he had made her perform
  all kinds of kinky sexual acts for his pleasure. He was a physically and psychologically
  strong man, who never took no for an answer and always got exactly what he
  desired. She had just turned 17 but had already been made to have sex with
  him in almost every sexual position that you can imagine in both her pussy
  and mouth. She was quite an attractive girl standing 5'7 and weighing 115 pounds
  with long brown hair that dropped down to the middle of her back and light
  blue eyes. At her father's insistence she shaved her pussy completely bare
  with regularity. Whenever he caught her with stubble she was punished severely.  
 Her father was a huge college football fan and decided to have some friends
  over for a big non-conference game between two of the top teams in the country.
  Her dad told her not to schedule anything for that day because she would be
  playing hostess for all of his friends. This wasn't any real problem since
  Julie wasn't really allowed to have any resemblance of a social life in the
  first place. Her father would not even consider letting her date at all, he
  had become extremely angry the one and only time that the subject had come
  up. He had told her "That sweet little pussy is only for my use." He had then
  spanked her ass with his belt until it was red and extremely tender until she
  begged him to be fucked, which he then did with wild abandon. This was the
  normal pattern that he employed. He liked to force her to comply willingly
  with her desires rather than to use physical strength to accomplish them. Of
  course it was physical strength and punishment that made her comply but he
  enjoyed seeing her doing things that she didn't want to do.  
 She had begun to clean the house from top to bottom for several days before
  the party, knowing that her father would become extremely angry if he perceived
  the house to be a mess. That morning she had intended to sleep in since it
  was a Saturday but he woke her up at about 7 AM, much earlier than she normally
  would have gotten up. "Get up and get dressed" he told her. Groggily she pulled
  herself out of bed and went and took a shower and brushed her teeth. She went
  back to her room and got dressed in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt and went
  out to the kitchen to make breakfast. As was their normal routing she made
  enough breakfast for both of them, scrambled eggs, hash browns, toast, and
  some bacon. He came into the kitchen wearing a sweatshirt proudly displaying
  his favored team of choice for the big game. "What the hell are you wearing?" he
  asked. She looked down at herself, an obviously puzzled look on her face as
  to what was wrong with her outfit. "I won't have my friends thinking that I'm
  raising some kind of tomboy in this house. You're going to go back and get
  dressed like a girl. No, wait a minute, I'll come help you pick out something
  appropriate to wear." She followed him back to her room, surprised since the
  only time he was usually picky about what she wore was in the lingerie department,
  he never said anything about what she wore to school. She figured it wasn't
  totally surprising given that he had friends coming over and that it was the
  day of a big football game, both of those things usually got him on edge. He
  picked out a black sundress for her to wear and left the room. She stripped
  off her jeans and t-shirt and donned the sundress. At least the weather was
  still nice in September in southern California.  
 Her father seemed to be on edge for the rest of the morning. She kept getting
  in trouble for seemingly meaningless things, but as normal she was just quiet
  and attempted to correct whatever he wanted done since there was no use reasoning
  with him when he got like this. She worked most of the morning getting some
  food trays with snacks ready for the party. Before the guests arrived her father
  made her go back to her room once more and put on some black high heeled shoes
  telling her "You're going to be the waitress today, so you had better act and
  look like one. I don't want any of our guests waiting around on drinks or food
  today young lady!"  
 Her father's friends started arriving at the house around 11 o'clock in
  the morning about an hour before the game was set to start. She was actually
  surprised at how many people came since her father usually only had a couple
  of friends over at a time. No wonder that he had been edgy about this party
  she thought. She recognized all the men in the living room, though like all
  of her father's friends she didn't really know them at all. She pretty much
  just always steered clear of him when he was around his friends and she knew
  that he preferred it that way. When all the guests had arrived she counted
  six of them altogether in the living room besides her father. She saw that
  two of her dad's coworkers were there, both of them were some kind of vice
  presidents at the company which he worked, but she knew that they didn't work
  in security like her father did. Three others were guys that her dad had known
  in the military who lived in southern California. The last guy was one that
  she had seen around a few times recently but wasn't really sure where he had
  met him.  
 She brought the food trays into the living room and set them down on the
  coffee table. She took in an order for a round of beers and returned from the
  kitchen with the various brands that they had requested. When the game started
  the men become amazingly loud. It seemed that the men in the room were rooting
  for opposing teams and this led to a lot of cheering and taunting between the
  two groups. Julie was constantly bringing in more beers from the kitchen, as
  it seemed like they were drinking them almost as quickly as she could get them.
  She noticed that almost all of them were checking her out from time to time
  and she could feel eyes on her ass as she walked back towards the kitchen more
  than once. This of course was nothing unusual when she was around guys, especially
  when they were older like the guys in this group. She thought that the military
  guys and her dad's new friend were probably between 45 and 50 years old, while
  his two coworkers were probably a few years older than that. Nothing strange
  about guys that age checking out her body.  
 In the second half the guys started to get rowdier with each other as the
  alcohol had loosened them up. They started wildly celebrating good plays made
  by the team that they were rooting for. They also started to eye her more obviously
  and made lewd comments about the college cheerleaders and female coeds when
  the cameras panned to them on the sidelines. Her dad told her to go to the
  liquor cabinet and bring back some Jack Daniels and shot glasses for the group
  and they began to do a few rounds of shots. With about five minutes left in
  the game the team her father was rooting for was down by a 10 points but was
  driving. But then when it was getting close to scoring the quarterback threw
  an interception to one of the defensive backs who ran it all the way back for
  a touchdown. Half of the room erupted in wild celebration knowing that the
  game was over while the other guys hung there heads knowing that the game was
  all but over. Her father threw his hat to the floor in disgust and yelled at
  Julie to go get more beers from the kitchen.  
 The mood of the room had settled by the time she had returned with more
  beer. They had switched the television to show a different game on TV, which
  had lightened the mood. They went back to being somewhat rowdy, since most
  of them were slightly drunk but not nearly with the emotions that had been
  present before during the earlier game. She noticed that not many of them were
  very interested in the new game. A few minutes later one of her dad's friends
  from work said, "Hey Bob, how about some of that entertainment that you promised
  us?" This was met with enthusiasm from the rest of the men in the room as many
  of them chimed in. "Actually I do think that it is about that time now" her
  father replied.  
 "Julie, clean off this mess from the coffee table." She hurriedly stacked
  the plates of food from the coffee table and removed them to the kitchen. Then
  she came back and gathered up some of the beer bottles that had also been discarded
  there. When she came back into the room her father stood up out of his recliner
  and told her to stand up on the coffee table. "What?" She didn't understand
  where this was headed and was confused. He gave her that look which told her
  that he was about to lose his temper and she quickly got up and stood on top
  of the coffee table. Her father took the remote control and muted the television.
  Looking around the room she could see that everyone was just staring right
  at her. Her father then walked over to the stereo and turned a radio station
  on. He started flipping through the channels until he can to a hip hop station
  and then turned it up. He went back over to his recliner and sat back down.
  She looked over at him unsure of what was going on and he smiled and said to
  her, "Ok baby girl I want you to dance sexy for us now."  
 Julie was shocked and embarrassed. She just stood frozen looking at her
  father thinking that he couldn't be serious. She was shy by nature and would
  never dance in front of all these guys. She turned around and stepped down
  from the coffee table. Instantly her father was up from his chair and grabbed
  around her shoulders from behind. "I told you to dance sexy for my friends,
  now get up there and do it now!" Julie started to cry, "Please dad don't make
  me do this." He had expected this and had her by surprise. He pulled her easily
  by the shoulders over to the recliner telling her that he would give her a
  reason to cry. She knew what was coming and knew from experience that there
  was nothing that she could do to prevent it; any resistance on her part would
  only make this worse. He pulled her across his lap with her ass in the air.
  He unbuckled his belt from his pants and pulled it from its loops. Then he
  pulled her sundress up from her legs and over her hips leaving the material
  on her back. Her blue bikini cut cotton panties were now visible all the men
  in the room as they watched the scene unfold with rapt attention. With the
  belt doubled over her father began to spank her ass hard, causing her to start
  to cry not from embarrassment but from pain. Soon she began doing what she
  knew she must to get the spanking to stop. "Please dad, I'll do it, I'll dance
  for your friends." He stopped from bringing the belt down the next time. "Tell
  me what you're going to do for us?" She sighed and said, "I'm going to dance
  sexy for you and your friends up on top of the coffee table." She knew that
  he liked to have her describe exactly what he wanted her to do in detail, her
  saying the words bringing her even greater embarrassment. He then brought down
  the belt again hard, spanking her another ten times on her ass. "Next time
  you had better remember to do what I say the first time and not question me."  
 Julie got up from the recliner, pulling her sundress back below her waist
  and walked back over to the coffee table. She climbed back on, gathered herself
  and began to dance to the music. She looked over at her father and could tell
  that she was not yet dancing provocatively enough for his liking and that if
  she didn't she would soon end up back over his lap. She began to move more,
  shaking her ass a bit and doing some hip hop moves that she had seen on MTV.
  He knew that she knew how to dance this way because he had made her do it before,
  but before it had only been him in the room. She listened to the music and
  just tried to lose herself in the dancing and not thin about all the guys watching
  her. After a few minutes she noticed that one of the guys had gotten a video
  camera and was recording her. She wiped her hair from her face and looked over
  at her father who motioned for her to resume dancing. She knew that there was
  really no choice and began dancing again without looking at the video camera,
  though he kept changing his position shooting her from different angles.  
After about twenty minutes her father got up from his chair and went over
  to the stereo and turned it off. Julie thankfully stopped dancing since she
  was quite tired from dancing in her high heel shoes. "Ok Julie its time to
  play one of our games, I know how much you like to play games." Julie shuddered;
  her father used the term games whenever he made her do sexual things for him.
  She looked around at the leering faces of the guys around the room and wished
  desperately that she could somehow get out of the house. "Ok baby girl I want
  you to take off your sundress for Daddy." She just looked at him, frozen trying
  not really trying to think of a way out since she knew that there was none
  but just wishing that this would somehow stop. He took her down from the coffee
  table and back over to the recliner and over his lap. It did not take nearly
  as long this time before Julie relented and told him that she would do as he
  asked. He continued to spank her until she felt like her ass was on fire. She
  could not ever remember him spanking her this hard before and knew that there
  was basically no way that she could stop whatever he had planned for her. She
  got back up on top of the coffee table and slid the straps from the sundress
  off her shoulders and let it slip down around her feet. His friend continued
  to videotape all of her actions. Her father made her take off her bra and her
  high heeled shoes as well, leaving her dressed only in her blue bikini cut
  cotton panties. The men around the room drank in the sight of her young pert,
  B cup breasts. Her legs were long and slim, her skin all over her body smooth
  and taught the way that only a teenagers can be.  
"Ok now baby girl I want you to turn around and face the other way." She
  complied turning around with her ass now facing her audience of leering men. "Now
  spread your legs out for daddy all the way now to the edge." Her father liked
  to do this, making her open up her legs for him. She looked down at the coffee
  table, really now for the first time appreciating how long of a coffee table
  they had and wishing that they had a smaller one. Her father put his hands
  inside her legs and directed her to keep opening them up until her feet were
  about 4 feet apart and very near the edge of the table. He then made her wiggle
  her feet and move backwards on the table, bringing her feet very close to the
  two corners behind her. She knew what was coming next and at his direction
  reached her hands down and bent over at the waist until her palms were resting
  on the table. The spread of her legs caused the fabric of her panties to be
  stretched tight as she bent over at the waist.  
One of the men handed her father a knife and she felt his slip it between
  her waist and the material of her panties. He held her panties in place as
  he cut the fabric on both sides and let the cotton material fall down to the
  coffee table. With her head down between her legs she saw the both her panties
  fall to the table as well as the lustful faces of the men as her pussy was
  exposed to them. She could feel the cool air on her pussy as her pussy lips
  were spread slightly from the spread of her legs. She knew that this was the
  reason that her father liked her legs to be spread so much, he always said
  that when her pussy lips were spread on their own that they were begging for
  him to put his cock inside of her. She looked back between her legs and saw
  four of the men sitting on their leather oversize couch, which was directly
  behind her. Her father and another friend were both standing up one on each
  side of her. Her father saw her looking at him from between her legs and gave
  her a devilish grin that she knew meant that she was in as much trouble as
  she suspected.  
"Here man, help me open her up," he told his friend standing opposite him.
  He pulled back her pussy lip as his friend pulled back the other one. Opening
  up her inner pussy for all of them to view openly. She knew how exposed she
  was, and what she must look like in this degrading position. She could see
  the noticeable bulge in all of the men's pants, as there cocks were undoubtedly
  hard with anticipation. She dropped her head wishing that this were not happening.
  She knew that she would like what was coming up even less and knowing her father
  that this entire experience would be repeated. She saw the friend holding the
  video camera get directly behind her with the camera very close to the opening
  of her pussy. Her father reached over and turned on a light on top of the camera.
  She knew that later her father would make her watch this tape with him, enjoying
  her humiliation as she saw what had been captured for prosperity.  
"Ok guys are we ready for some more fun?" her father asked his friends. It
  was a rhetorical question which none of them felt the need to answer and even
  Julie knew the answer. He walked away and brought back a few towels from the
  hall closet. He slapped her still tender ass and made her get down from the
  coffee table as he spread out a few towels over the top of it. He then spun
  the coffee table so that it was rotated 90 degrees and made her get back on
  top of it, but this time in the doggy style position on her hands and knees
  once again with her pussy facing the couch. He slapped the inside of her thighs
  until she spread her knees and feet out near the edge of the table. He then
  snapped a leather dog collar around her neck, a very large for which he had
  gotten a dog tag that read Daddy's Girl on it. He then attached a leash to
  the collar and pulled on it pulling her head back and making her move position
  until her ass was neared to her feet.  
 "Hey now hand me one of those empties." One of his friends passed him an
  empty beer bottle from the end table and gave it to her father. He positioned
  it in between her pussy lips and slowly inserted it into her pussy. She could
  feel it entering her passage and could feel how hard the glass was entering
  her. The leash prevented her from rocking forward to try to escape the intrusion.
  Someone asked her dad, "Hey dude do you mind?" He quickly replied, "No man
  not at all." She saw her father's new friend walk around in front of her with
  an empty beer bottle in his hand. He kept walking around the table until he
  was right next to her head. "Hey there Julie how's it going?" She looked up
  at him with her eyes open wide. Her father slapped her ass hard, "Answer him,
  he's talking to you." She closed her eyes as she felt the sting in her ass
  and then opened them up again looking at her dad's friend. "Well I'm not doing
  so well at the moment actually," she told him. "Yes I can see that. Of course
  I'm sure that you know that while you aren't doing so well the rest of us are
  having a splendid time. Your father actually met me online on a chat site;
  we have a common interest, which is that we like to be very much in control
  of our girls. I actually have a lot more experience than your father in training
  girls and it was my idea for him to host this little get together. Now what
  you're going to do for me is to suck on this beer bottle and show me how skilled
  you are at sucking a cock."  
 Tom, his internet friend, placed the bottle to her lips and she opened them
  up allowing the neck of the bottle to enter her mouth. The way that he talked
  she knew that he was not going to be denied any sooner than her father was
  even though he seemed to be calmer when talking to her. He told her that they
  were going to give her some slack with the leash but that she was supposed
  to keep her ass in the same position that it was in now. When it was looser
  the placed his hand on her forehead and brought her head down so that she was
  looking forward instead of her head being bent back. He then began to work
  the beer bottle in and out of her mouth, each time moving it a bit deeper inside
  of her. He then held the bottle still and directed her move her head up and
  down, sucking on it like it was a cock inside her mouth. She looked up at him
  with her eyes as she did so, seeing him looking down at her very calmly assessing
  what she was doing. This whole time the beer bottle in her pussy continued
  to be pushed in and out of her. She could also feel fingers on her slit from
  time to time as they touched her. She did not know that the six men behind
  her were actually taking turns with the bottle but she could hear their laughter
  from time to time as they enjoyed the sport. She heard the television turn
  back on as one of them turned it back to another college football game. Somehow
  this embarrassed her more knowing that they were using her body for their enjoyment,
  getting a laugh about how they were able to use her and watching their sports
  at the same time.  
 Her father's internet friend took over the thrusting of the beer bottle
  once again, directing her to keep her head still. He began to move it deeper
  into her mouth with the wide part of the bottle trying to work itself into
  her mouth. He put his hand on her mouth and she could feel him directing her
  to open her mouth extremely wide. She then felt him begin to slide the bottle
  slowly into her mouth. The wide part of the bottle was scraping against both
  her top and bottom set of teeth as he slowly slid it inside. She then saw a
  friend, this time a different one, bring the video camera around to her head
  to capture this action. The bottle continued on inside her mouth until the
  lip touched the back of her throat. While inserting it the man talked to her
  in a gentle tone, "That's it little girl, just relax, just relax and it will
  go in nice and easy." Once it was completely in the wide part of the bottle
  occupied her mouth totally and she was forced to begin to breathe through her
  nose to get oxygen. He left it there for what seemed like an eternity as all
  the men walked around to view it, even taking the bottle out from her pussy
  to come see it. He then slowly began to slip it out of her mouth until he pulled
  it completely clear. "You can make them do anything you want, all you have
  to do is let them know who is boss. She can tell that I'm going to get my way
  and that I am completely serious about what I want." He then asked my father, "So
  do you want me to show you some of the things that we discussed." He quickly
  responded, "Actually yes that sounds like an excellent idea."  
 He took her hand and pulled her up from the table. She stood naked before
  them and looked at them all sitting around the room looking at her with amused
  grins on their faces. She had little doubt that eventually after they were
  done with all these little games they had in store for her that they would
  all get their chance to have their cocks buried deep inside her. He walked
  back to the coffee table holding a round black cushion that looked like a column.
  He put it down onto the table on its side and then took her by the hand and
  led her back to the table. He had her get back down on her knees in the doggy
  style position once more and as she came down to rest on the hands he slid
  the cushion back touching her knees below her crotch. He then made her spread
  her knees and feet and she came to rest down on the cushion. He then brought
  out an athletic bag and unzipped it bringing out a blindfold that he placed
  over her face leaving her in complete darkness. She then felt him clamp something
  that felt like pieces of hard rubber around her ankles and knees. Then after
  a minute she could feel him attaching something to one of her ankles and then
  pulled the opposite on in slightly to attach the other one. She could then
  feel that her ankles were trapped in exactly this position and guessed that
  it was some kind of bar attached between her ankles. He then repeated the process
  between her knees and when he was done she was unable to move her legs at all.
  He then came to her arms and pulled them forward and secured them with the
  same hard rubber feeling cuffs to the front legs of the coffee table. Her chin
  was now laying on the coffee table, her body completely defenseless to his
  desires. She had never been bound like this before and the feeling was not
  one that she liked. She felt scared and vulnerable and wondered what he was
  about to do to her.  
 "How are you doing now little girl?" he asked her. "I can't move," she told
  him. "Yes, I know that is why I tied you this way. Now I want you to be a good
  girl for me and do exactly what I tell you." She thought about this for a moment
  and said, "I don't think that I can do anything tied this way." He chuckled
  to himself and said, "Oh don't worry little girl you will still be able to
  do exactly what I require of you. You will do it because there is no use in
  resisting. This will not end until your have performed for all of us and we
  have enjoyed the show." She then felt his hand lift her head up slightly and
  his fingers on her cheeks pressing in slightly directing her to open up her
  mouth. He persisted making her open her mouth wider and wider until it was
  stretched to the limit as it had been with the beer bottle. She then felt something
  being pressing between her teeth. She felt it contract slightly and heard it
  squeak as it moved past her teeth and she could tell that it was some kind
  of rubber. He kept a steady pressure on the giant red ball gag and the men
  watched with fascination, as they were surprised that he would be able to get
  such a large object into her seemingly small mouth. Once it was firmly in place
  he pulled a strap behind her head and cinched it up tight, though it was hardly
  necessary because it would have been extremely difficult for Julie to rid herself
  of the large gag. He then removed the blindfold from her face.  
 She heard him walk away from the table and lowered her chin back down onto
  the coffee table. The huge gag was stretching her mouth to the limit and she
  could tell that he jaw was going to become extremely sore if it was left in
  place for even a short while which she suspected that it would be. Her body
  was completely immobilized, her wondering what would happen to her next. She
  felt his hand on the ass cheek, she wasn't sure how she knew it was him but
  just from the way it was calmly placed there she suspected that it was. The
  man with the video camera moved around in front of her face. She wasn't sure
  exactly why he was here instead of behind her, but she could very faintly see
  a reflection in the lens and strained to try and make out what it was. Her
  body shivered as she felt something cool press against the opening of her anus.
  Talking to the men around him she heard him say, "See how the little pink star
  opens up very easily when I put some lube on my finger." Her eyes flew open
  wide as his finger slid inside her ass and immediately she realized that it
  was her expression to this event that the cameraman had been sent around to
  capture. She had never had anything up her ass before and she attempted to
  free herself from her bonds to absolutely no avail. He began to slowly finger
  her ass in and out. "Good girl, just relax your ass and it will go much easier
  for you," he told her. Slowly she accustomed herself to the strange feeling
  of having his finger up her ass and she relaxed herself against her restraints.
  He had been waiting for this reaction and not long afterwards he pulled his
  finger from her completely.  
 From his bag he brought out a string of small anal beads. "Now is when Julie
  is going to put a little show for us but we'll let her warm up a little bit
  first to get the hang of it." She had no idea what he was talking about but
  felt the first anal bead being pressed against the opening to her ass and slide
  in. Over and over the process was repeated until the entire string was inside
  of her. She could hear him whisper something to someone behind her as he walked
  around to her face. Her father took hold of the sting attached to the beads
  but let it hang loose with slack in it. Sitting down close to her face he leaned
  in and talked very softly to her, "Ok, now what I want you to do is to use
  your muscles to push out the beads that I put inside you. Just like you are
  going to the bathroom." She looked at him and knew that this was going to happen
  and began to push. To the delight of the men behind her the beads began to
  come out one at a time as her ass puckered up and pushed them out. Once the
  entire string was expelled her father took the beads and began to reinsert
  them into her ass. Once the string was completely back inside he directed her
  to expel them once again, which she did.  
 He then went back to his back and got a medium size string of beads and
  they repeated the process this time making her push the beads out of her ass
  five times instead of just two. When he brought out the large beads he moved
  back close to her face to show them to her. When he placed them on the coffee
  table in front of her she estimated them to be a little smaller than an inch
  in diameter. "These are going to work slightly differently than the ones before,
  but these are the last beads that we will be using. You're going to have to
  help me to get them in though. When I tell you to, you are going to push like
  you are trying to push them out. That's the only way that they are going to
  go in. Do you understand?" Her eyes looked at him as he gave her the instructions
  and she nodded her head slightly. "Ten times in and out and then you'll be
  done with the beads," he told her. He moved behind her and then a moment later
  told her to push. As she did her ass puckered up and he pushed the first bead
  inside her. The feeling of the bead coming inside her as she pushed out felt
  strange but it was repeated until all six beads on the string were inside her.
  He then made her expel the beads, her ass having to pucker much more with the
  large beads to expel them than with the small beads. The men enjoyed seeing
  the muscles in the back of her legs and ass tense as she puckered her ass to
  push out the beads. It was almost as if the little pink star of her ass was
  inviting them to push their cock's inside and showing them how she would milk
  it of their cum.  
Her legs and ass were covered with a slight sheen of sweat as she expelled
  the beads for the tenth and final time. Pushing out the beads was tough work
  in itself but her having to breathe through her nose as a result of the gag
  made it even more tiring. No doubt since capturing her facial expression when
  he had first penetrated her she had no doubt that the video camera had been
  filming her ass this entire time. With a smile on his face he went back to
  his bag and pulled out a plastic see through dildo. It was about five inches
  long, started narrow and got wider until its diameter was almost three inches
  and then narrowed back now until it's circular base. He moved back to her head
  and placed the dildo on top of the coffee table in front of her face on its
  base. Her eyes opened wide as she saw it, instantly knowing that it would be
  the next thing inserted into her ass and startled at it's size. "You will have
  to push very hard for me to be able to get it into your ass, but you had better
  not keep me waiting. I expect you to take it all."  
He moved back behind her and spread some lube onto the dildo and pressed
  it against her opening. Over and over again he made her push her muscles and
  pucker her ass, slowly pushing the dildo in and out of her ass each time getting
  it just further inside of her. Several times its girth made her catch her breath
  and if she had been able to talk she would have pleaded for him to stop or
  to at least give her a break and hold it still. Whenever she slowed in she
  pushing he smacked her tender ass with his hand and made her resume her efforts.
  Finally the widest part of the dildo pushed into her ass and then the remainder
  of the dildo, which narrowed, naturally slid into place. This left the circular
  base pressed against her opening. She heard them take turns then as he showed
  them that the clear dildo allowed them to see her opening clearly stretched
  around the dildo in its resting position. They all laughed about this, commenting
  on how nice it looked. She barely heard all of this as she slumped her muscles
  against the table, resting her muscles. It was then that they told her that
  she had to push it out of her. He had to smack her ass hard several times before
  she was able to strain all her muscles and expelled the dildo, actually popping
  it out of her into the air. This caused a great stir of excitement as the men
  laughed as it flew and had enjoyed just how taught all of her muscles had looked
  as she was trying to expel the dildo. Four more times they made her take it
  inside her, though it went in pretty easily after the first time and then made
  her push until it popped out of her. Her body was exhausted and she was sweating
  and could smell herself starting to stink from her own sweat.  
He left her there, tied to the table, as he began to talk to the men as if
  he was some kind of professor and they his students. "It is really quite enjoyable
  to make her do exercises such as that one. Make her do a lot of work for you.
  You shouldn't be the one having to expend much energy. Make her do that, that's
  what she is for. Especially when you have a young one like this, they are full
  of energy, you would be surprised how much you can get them to do."  
The men then moved to different points on the coffee table and untied her.
  It was he that helped her with the huge ball gag removing it from her mouth.
  She flexed her aching mouth relieved that it had finally been removed. Her
  father brought a straight-backed chair into the living room and asked Tom if
  he wanted to proceed with the next demonstration. "Actually that sounds like
  a wonderful idea." Tom moved the chair centered with the television and turned
  the channel until it was on the ESPN night football game that was just starting
  up. He moved over to his bag and brought out what looked like a short riding
  crop, completely disrobed and then sat down on the chair. When she saw him
  undressing, Julie knew that she was about to be penetrated by a cock for the
  first time tonight, only unsure of which orifice was to be used.  
He made her stand over the top of him with her legs spread wide facing away
  from him. He then put his hands on her hips and lowered her down until his
  rigid cock began to enter her pussy. He continued moving her down until she
  was completely inside of him. Julie was actually quite surprised. She had expected
  something completely different from this man, but had been made to have sex
  with her father many times this way, either facing toward or away from him
  bouncing up and down on his cock making her breasts bounce for him. When she
  naturally started to lift herself up he swatted her hard on the ass with the
  riding crop. Tears came quickly to her eyes as the cruel crop made a bright
  red mark on her abused ass. "I did not tell you to come up young lady," he
  chastised. "You are to remain with my cock buried completely inside of that
  tight little pussy of yours. Now what you are going to do is give those pussy
  muscles a little workout. I want you to flex them, squeezing my cock inside
  of you, and then release them. Now try it," he instructed her. Julie flexed
  her muscles and then let them relax.  
"That's pretty good. Now what I want you to do is keep doing that over and
  over again. Yes just like that, but a little harder now. Yes that's a good
  pace for now, later I will make you speed it up a bit. This is what is called
  milking my cock for it's cum." She started to squeeze his cock with her pussy,
  being made to do it over and over again. As if she was of no concern he started
  talking to the other men again. "You see, in this position she has to do all
  the work. But since she is only able to squeeze my cock and isn't able to generate
  any friction at all it is very difficult for her to actually make me cum. She
  is going to have to really try hard for a long period of time to make it happen.
  I guarantee that by the time I do come in her pussy she will be desperately
  praying for me to cum inside her. She will absolutely want it by the time she
  gets it. Plus on the fun side I can just watch the game while I do this. It's
  a great combination, her doing all the work and I can still watch my TV with
  no problem at all."  
Over and over again she squeezed his cock with her pussy. Sweat began to
  drip down her back into the crack of her ass freely from her continued exertion.
  She felt like she was going to collapse from the effort but whenever she slackened
  her pace even slightly he brought down the riding crop to her burning ass.
  From her position she could see the wall clock and it had been over a half
  an hour in which he had been making her milk his cock. The men were extremely
  turned on from all of the day's activities as well as seeing this girl completely
  covered in a think sheen of sweat making it look like her body was covered
  with oil.  
Finally he told her that it was time to make him cum and for her to increase
  her pace. She started to squeeze more quickly but still got whipped and told
  to squeeze harder. She tried to summon all of her available energy to squeeze
  him with everything she could muster. He had been completely correct in his
  prediction because she wanted him to cum in her pussy badly and was doing everything
  that she could to try to make that happen. After a minute or two despite her
  best efforts she began to lose pace and intensity. It was then that he began
  to bring the riding crop down on her ass over and over again to keep her going
  at a pace that met his demands. It was then that he finally lost control and
  let a stream of cum loose inside of her tight pussy. He let the cane fall to
  his side and as she felt him relax she did as well. Dripping with sweat she
  felt totally spent, feeling his cock already softening inside her.  
After only a minute or two the other men pulled her off of him and put her
  back on her hands and knees on the coffee table supported by the cushion. Totally
  past the point of any resistance her pussy was penetrated from behind as well
  as her mouth from the front and the other men took their turns with her body.
  Her father had told them that her ass was off limits but they were all so turned
  on to be with such a young hot girl that none of them cared. They were so horny
  after watching her for all these hours that came extremely quickly the first
  time but each used her late into the night.  
Afterwards she went to her bed, too exhausted to take a shower and plopped
  down on top of her covers still naked. Her father came in and put her under
  the covers. As she was slipping off to sleep she could hear him tell her that
  she would definitely be seeing more of Tom and that they would also be playing
  some of the new games that he had shown them together.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Julie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





