BDSM Library - Maid For The Family Album




Maid For The Family Album
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Never take on what you can't afford.Copyright,  kayce69@
      haytor.fsworld.co.uk   
Before you start this story a notice to the readers, I
        am clearing out my video collection and they are classics, well you know
        my taste so why not e-mail me for a list, they are cheap, good and the
      selection play, U/K &amp; USA  
 Another story by Pagan   
   Maid for the family album.   
It all started as a great idea, Trudy and Bob, Helen and Terry
      had found their dream house. It was Terry who said, this has great potential,
      big and already divided, two beautiful big apartments. Four bedrooms up
      and three down, each floor had separate lounges, bathrooms, kitchens and
two garages, it was perfect for the best friends.   

Trudy and Bob took out the loan mortgage in their name and moved
      in first; it was going to be a few more weeks before Terry came up with
      his half.   
Bob spent the rest of their savings on a few luxuries, swimming
      pool, a new car. Knowing Terry's money would refill the coffers he thought
      he needed something with a little more street cred considering his job;
      he was still on probation but if he passed he would be territory manager
      looking after warehouse profits over five counties for an international
      conglomerate.    

It was the thirtieth and a Friday, Trudy had said that
        morning, "I
      hope this is not going to be a bad day, not that I'm superstitious."   
The phone went at three forty, it was Terry's brother; Bob was
      shaking when Trudy came out of the kitchen. She dropped the tray; one look
      at Bob's face told her something was horrorible wrong.   

He took her by the arm and sat her down on the settee,
        then he sat beside her and took her hand, "Its Terry and Helen, they've
        been in an accident, they're in Mount Church Hospital, darling I don't
      know how to tell you this but they're on life support and it looks bad."    

They didn't get to the hospital in time, both died with in ten
      minutes of each other, Bob and Trudy just had time to tell the desk they
      were Mr. and Mrs. Wainright before Terry's brother came out from the ward,
      the look on his face was evidence enough to revoke any questions they had.   

The three of them stood outside the hospital unable to take it
      in. Thirty-five years old, the same age as them, their best friends since
      school days and they were dead.   

Three weeks later Trudy and Bob were told that there was no will
      to be read, they, like Bob and Trudy had wanted to save enough money and
      get a nice place before children so their money was in probate but one
      thing was for sure, there was no money coming their way.    

That evening the two of them stared at each other across
        the kitchen table, "I'll just have to work more hours, it will stand me in good stead
      with the firm, then I get the full promotion," he looked at his pretty
      wife, "Have you thought about a part time job?"   

She looked at him, "Not back to waiting on table, I'm worth
      better than that."   
He looked pitiful, "We could always sell."   
He sat bolt upright, "No, no, no we worked hard for this
        fabulous house and no-one is going to take it from us, If I have to I'll
        rent their half until we can get enough to live through this, I'm not
      giving up."    

Bobs eyes let up, "So if I work every hour god sends, then
        we rent their half, yes it could work, come on let's calculate how much
      rent we will ask."   

They sat until the early hours working out just how much
        they would need, wrote out the advert and, first thing Trudy went to
        the local estate agent, as Trudy closed the door of the agents, she looked
      at the bright sunshine and thought, "Job done."    

They had four applicants and four refusals, they were starting
      to get disparate; the bank balance was drifting in to the red and they
      were missing payments.   
Bob had left to do another grueling trip and Trudy sat drinking
      her morning coffee, now in panic she hopelessly stared at the bank statement.
      She was lost in thought when there was a knock on the door, a big woman
      of around forty stood there; she held the agents details.   
Trudy looked past her. In the car was a fattish balding man in
      his mid forties, two boys, young teens obviously twins and a slightly younger
      girl, Trudy only guessed she was younger behind the make up and skimpy
      clothes.   

The woman spoke, "Hi I'm Darlene Morgan that's my family
        out there, we have seen your advert for an apartment to let, like to
take a look, if that's convenient?"   

Trudy ushered them up the adjoining staircase and stood by the
      door looking at each one while they looked round.   

They were all tall and well built. She was large all over, breast,
      bottom, hips lots of hair, slightly dark skin. He was taller; Trudy thought
      a fine beer gut, not a lot of hair your typical slob. The two big boys
      slouched around picking on the girl; she would have been a pretty little
      girl if it weren't for the high heels and sluttish clothes, the make up
      was not for a girl of that age.   

Trudy's thought were broken as she came back to her, "Its perfect,
      it will take our furniture and its close enough for all our needs, we will
      take it." Trudy's heart jumped at the thought of money just at the right
      time, she had just had a demand from the loan company.   

The woman more pushed Trudy rather then walked her down the stairs,
      then with out being asked marched in to Trudy's lounge.   
Her large frame sank in to Trudy's chair, "Right Mrs. Wainright
      this is what we will do, we will move the furniture in tomorrow, you can
      have an unsigned cheque, which I will sign on completion," though she wasn't
      supposed to Trudy heard the husband mutter, "Been ripped off by rich cunts
      like you before," the woman continued, "Then one every month, how's that
      sound?"   

Much as Trudy wanted the money up front a bird in the hand was
      worth more to her, so although it was through gritted teeth, she did not
      like this family, she said yes.   

When Bob phoned Trudy put on a really happy voice she didn't want
      him to know her real feelings, he was delighted and said he would meet
      them as soon as he got back.   

She went to bed that night with fear etched in to her mind.   

Trudy woke with a start, it was a lorry, she put on her housecoat
      and went to find out what all the commotion was about, it was the Morgan's
      furniture already.   
By the time she had dressed the two boys were already moving
        stuff up the stairs, she tried to protest but Darlene had a cheque in
        her hand and thrust it a Trudy, she laughed as she said, "There you are
      Mrs. Wainright unsigned as agreed."   

Trudy shrank back in to her apartment, as she made coffee the noise
      upstairs was horrendous, no carpet echoed every footstep. It was two in
      the afternoon when she heard the wagon and car move away; the silence was
      deafening.   

She lay back on her settee, brushed a few crumbs from her blouse,
      straightened her pleated skirt and checked if her nylons weren't laddered
      before bringing her feet up, stretching out and relaxing.   

She had drifted in to a disturbed sleep when a knock on
        the door woke her up with a start, she cursed, "Not twice in one day," she
      got up and went to the door.   
"Mrs. Trudy Wainright?" a little man in a gray suit asked.   
"Yes," Trudy smiled at least it wasn't a Morgan, "May I
help you?"   
"I'm from Orion Loans, I think we should continue this in private," Trudy's
      heart sank as she stood back to let him enter.   

He dropped the folder on the coffee table; she smiled a
      very nervous smile, "Coffee?"   
He didn't smile but said, "Yes, black no sugar."   

As she went to the kitchen he watched her, he pert round ass naturally
      swayed, the black pleated skirt just above the knee made her slim, well
      shaped legs look perfect in the little court shoes and for a women in her
      mid thirties, you could tell she had not had children, her tiny waist did
      the tight blouse justice.   

He sat on the settee; as she returned he took interest in the front
      view he was not disappointed, her flat tummy and that blouse fitted nicely
      over a pair of well shaped 36 inchers and then he took real notice of her
      face, she was pretty, a full pink coloring and full red lips, oh yes a
      really attractive full bodied woman put coffee on the table before him.   

She sat opposite as he picked up the folder, he looked
        at her, worry written all over her face, "Now Mrs. Wainright, your seemed
        to have missed two payment and a third is due a week today, is this an
      oversight on you or your banks or is there some kind of problem?"   

Trudy tried not to sound flustered, "Eeerr you see we have this
      cheque and my husbands pay is not due to the end of the month, of course
      then we will be able to start a payment and also reduce the outstanding
      arrears," she hoped she had sounded confident enough.   

The was no emotion in his voice, "Well that doesn't sound
        promising, now you do know that I have the power to invoke a closure
        on this loan and to retrieve the money we can foreclose on the property,
      sell it and recoup our loses."   

Trudy stood, No, no you can't take my house."   
He didn't even look at her, "Yes I can, this house is the
        afore mentioned loans guarantee, therefore forfeit to any arrears on
        the loan and you did sign that three missed payment were subject to that
      clause, here's you and Mr. Wainright's signatures to that effect.   

Trudy was losing it, "No, I mean yes but surely there is time,
      I mean I just need a couple more weeks and it could, I mean we could start
      to clear this, I mean," the little man stopped her, "I mean that in a couple
      of weeks this house could be sold, we only need to cover our costs, the
      loan company is not interested in value or profit, no this, at the money
      we need will go as a snip."   

Trudy thought she heard him gloating at her misfortune,
        but she also knew he had the upper hand, "Look please can't you say we were out,
      or that you had made an agreement that was workable, please," she finished
      almost in tears, "I'm begging you."   

His whole tone changed, "So you want me to drop myself in the shit
      so you can live in this posh house," Trudy spluttered, "I, I," he snapped
      back at her, "Don't interrupted me when I'm speaking, if you want to live
      beyond your means then tough shit when it goes ass shaped, I can't live
      in a place like this, yet you want me to jeopardize my life for you, for
      what?"   
Trudy rung her hands, "There could be some money left over
        for your favor."
  He roared with laughter, "Left over, you can't even afford what you got
      let alone spare a few coins for me, come over here and stand in front of
  me."    

Trudy felt as though she was being spoken to like a schoolgirl
      being dragged before the head master.   

She rose and walked over to the settee, still ringing her hands
      she stood in front of the man.   
The little man looked her up and down then spoke in a gentler
        way, "So
      what guarantee do I have that there will be money in it for me?"   

She looked at him, "I give you my word."   
He scoffed, "If you can't keep what you signed for than
      you can't keep what you speak for, no I want a sign and something today."   

She quickly said, "What, what just say?"   

He got out a note pad and wrote, I Trudy Wainright agree to pay
      Gerald Sinclair 10% of the total price of the arrears accumulated against
      my Orion loan on the last day of March 2004.   

She took the pad and read it, "It seems a lot," his smug look said
      it all, "Not as much as losing this house," reluctantly she took the pen
      and signed.   

She went to move, he snapped, "I didn't say you could move,
        now something may happen between now and then, so as I said, I need some
        good will today or this all goes bad again and I now have proof that
      you tried to bribe me, that's illegal."   

She started to sob her lovely body shook, he smiled up
        at her, "Your
      body looks really good when it shakes, moves all the right things."   
She blubbered, "Please I have nothing else, don't do this
      to me, what is it you want?"   

His eyes locked on hers, "You want me to go away feeling
      happy don't you?"   
Trudy nodded as he carried on, "Then you are going to clasp
        your hands behind your back and I'm going to do some feeling, then and
      only then I will go away happy and you will keep you house a little longer."   

She looked at him in disbelief, "But no you don't mean,
no I couldn't,"   
He grabbed his folder, "Then sleep on the street or if
        I show them the bribe, sleep in a cell, I don't give a shit, I still
      get paid."   

She quickly said, "No," then a quiet, "No," as she stood
      still and put her hands behind her back, clasping the wrist firmly.   

He sat down, unbuttoned his jacket and pulled it off, he
        loosened his tie and looked up at the trembling beauty before him, "See you could,
      all the same you smart assed housewives, think your to good for the likes
      of us, well, we all have our day," he bent forward and placed his hands
      on both her knees, "And this is mine."   

His eyes never left hers, he chuckled as a tear squeezed
        out of one, "Oh come on its not that bad, put it down to a necessary
        duty, and if your husbands away well may be you'll get off on it, a bit
      of rough feeling you up doesn't hurt, does it?"    

His hands ran under the folds of her skirt, slowly up and
        down his palms caressing the sheer nylon, just stopping before the naked
        flesh of her thigh, he still tormented her, "Hold ups, pity I was hoping
      for a suspender belt, bet your were sussies for your husband."   

Her body was in shock, standing there letting this little man touch
      her, her mind shut down, she never heard the creak on the stairs.   

His hands now stroked the naked flesh of her thighs, "Smile
      at me, tell me you like it or I'll carry on doing this for a long time."   
She wanted this to end, she smiled at him even gave a little giggle,
      told him it was nice and that she was enjoying it, hoping it would make
      him stop, but he didn't.   

The back of his hand stroked over the panties just above
        her cunt, pushing his knuckle hard against her, she whimpered, "Please don't," he
      slid his hand between her legs rubbing the side of his forefinger over
      her slit his thumb pushing the material of her panties in to her hood.   

"What's the point of having my hand up your skirt for a
        feel if I don't feel, now keep smiling, you will be when I've gone and
      your comfortable in your posh house."   

His hands were now running over her ass, squeezing and
        pulling at the firm round globes, "Pull your skirt up, these panties
        fell really lacey, I want to see how sexy they are and tell me you want
      to do it for me and smile while your at it."   

She swallowed hard and still with that silly smile said
        what she had been told, "Can I lift my skirt up, I bet you want to see
      my panties, there white lace and very sexy."   

As she said it her hands felt for the hem of her skirt, she tried
      not to bend, his fingers had already found the crease of her ass cheeks
      and were pushing between.   
&nbsp;    
She slowly pulled her skirt up, his eyes followed, taking
        in the stocking then the lace top, the expanse of naked creamy thigh
        before the white lace crotch of her panties, he whispered, "Keep going," soon
      the whole skirt was bunched around Trudy's waist.   

He put his face close to her; he could smell her musk,
        his hands roaming all over the white pants, deliberately stroking the
        skin at the side of her crotch, he looked up at her, "You still smiling,
        you better be, by the way do you shave, its all clean around the bikini
      line?"    

She kept the smile as she squirmed at his touch, "Just
      a little, we have a pool and it looks better with my swim-suite."   
'I thought so, turn around lets see your ass it feels really
firm."   
As ordered she slowly turned her back on him, immediately
        he slid his hands up under her panties and stroked her naked skin, "Oh
        firm very firm, you're a good looking woman for your age especially when
      you smile."   

She stood there holding her skirt around her waist, smiling, as
      this little pervert played with her ass. With out warning he grabbed the
      side and pulled her panties down to her knees, she kept quiet, hoping this
      must be the end of it.   

His hand slipped between her legs again this time his fingers
        rubbed flesh, pink open flesh, "Turn around lets see the hair cut," slowly Trudy
      turned, "mmmm nice, just a line over a pink juicy slit."   

His face was almost touching the slit when he suddenly
        looked up, she saw him and smiled quickly, "Good, lets see your tits,
      take your top off."   
She went to protest but he had returned to touching her
        pubic hairs, she heard him say, "The quicker you do as your told the
      quicker I'm out of here."   

She let go of the skirt, he moved his head and his hands
        folded around her, as she unbuttoned her blouse he unzipped her skirt,
        as he pulled it down to her ankles soon her blouse dropped to the floor,
        her bra followed and she stood again with her hands clasped behind her
        smiling at the man, he looked at the petrified beauty standing in just
        stockings with her panties stretched across her thighs, "mmmmm I can
        see how you ended up in a big house, any man would want to fuck you so
      you picked the rich boy."    

She whispered, "Please have you finished," he smiled up at her, "Just
      a little longer, now kneel down so I can feel your tits, your nipples look
      interesting."   

The words, just a little longer, brought a little hope
        to Trudy; she knelt in front of him his hands started to maul her breasts,
        he squeezed them in to cones, "Pull your nipples and look as though your
      enjoying it."   

Again she was doing as she was told, pulling her nipples
        out as he mauled her tits flicking the nipple as she pulled at them,
        he put his hand on her head and stood up, "Just look at that bulge in
        my pants, now I can't go with that problem but I will go when you have
      solved the problem."   

She tried to stand, objecting to his demand but he held
        her head down, "You don't have a choice, you will do as I want or I won't
      do what you want, you understand me."   

Dejected and defeated she stopped struggling, her trembling
      hands reached for his zip, "Smile bitch."   
It was almost impossible for Trudy to continue this sick perverted
      game but she was not in any position to argue, as her fingers pulled down
      his zip she smiled.   

She heard him giggle as she pulled his cock out, then she
        slowly started to jerk him off. With a swift slap her hand was knocked
        away, "You
      got a mouth, use it,"   

She looked up, "But I thought you were just going to feel," he
      laughed, "When your in the position I'm in, I get to feel the inside of
      your mouth with my dick, now suck me off."   

The naked woman took the cock in to her mouth and started
        to lick the end; with out warning he viciously grabbed her head and rammed
        his cock to the back of her throat, "Don't piss me off Wainright I want
        a fucking blow job and I want a good one that means you take it all the
      way, now get it right and don't forget to fucking smile."   

Trying to grin Trudy sucked on the cock in her mouth; he
        insisted she looked up at him as she sucked, "Play with your tits and
        look as though your enjoying it, I like my woman to enjoy their sex when
      I'm fucking their mouths."    

Trudy tried to look as he wanted but he still wasn't happy, "Wainright
      you better get in to this or I'll bend you over that table and fuck your
      cunt and ass," suddenly Trudy was sucking hard, her tongue licking the
      underside of his cock and to her disgust, smiling while she mauled her
      tits for his viewing pleasure.   

He pushed his hips in to her face, faster and faster, Trudy gagged
      as he pummeled his cock in to her throat, she tried to say no but the cock
      in her mouth stopped any audible cry until she was completely silenced
      by a mouth full of his filthy juice.    

He pulled out as Trudy coughed out the little drops she
        hadn't swallowed. As she composed herself he whispered, "Now jump up
        and put your arms around me and kiss me like that was the greatest thing
      that had ever happened to you."   

She stood put her arms around his neck and kissed him, he slavered
      in to her mouth, pushing his tongue in to hers, while his hands gripped
      her naked ass he wiped his sticky cock on her pubic hairs, he pulled away.   

 "O K Wainright, go clean yourself up, I'll let myself
        out, you have another month to put your life in order, you wouldn't want
        me back in a bad mood, I'd be after my money and I better get it or I'll
        bend you over that table a beat your ass, then when I'm through spanking
        it I'll fuck it, and it won't be no lovey, dovey husband fuck, no I'll
      screw you to the fucking floor, understand."   
Trudy nodded to him, turned and moved quickly to her bedroom. As
      he zipped himself up, he heard a creak on the stairs; shrugging his shoulders
      he picked up his jacket, then his folder and left, whistling as he closed
      the door behind him.   

Trudy spent the rest of that day and the next hiding in her apartment,
      she could hear the Morgan's as they moved and sorted out their new flat,
      all Trudy wanted was Bob home.   

Bob got back on the Friday night; she was so pleased to be back
      in the safety of his arms.   
It was Saturday morning and Bob, much against Trudy's better judgment,
      had asked the Morgan's for lunch, he thought it the best way to break the
      ice, nothing fancy just a light salad and a few fancies out by the pool.   

Trudy was amazed at the transformation, they were so nice; the
      boys, Harry and Will were polite and the Charlene a picture of sweet innocents,
      even the fat gutted Olsen had smartened himself up.   
Darlene gushed all over Bob, they all got on fine and they all
      agreed that by the end of the week the house agents would have all the
      contracts in place and the cheque would be cleared, Trudy went to bed that
      night happy and relieved.   

Sunday came and went, a few jobs around the house for Bob then
      out in the sunshine for a drive, a picnic by the lake and home for a romantic
      dinner for two before a few hours of gently love making, Trudy trying to
block out the memory of the last set of hands to play with her body.   

Monday, after Bob went, was Trudy's go in to town day, she was
      getting fed up with all this time Bob was spending away but she knew he
      had to get used to the territory and the customers and he wanted to make
      the kind of impression that would mean promotion.   

Tuesday was a hot, cloudless day; she looked at her watch,
        ten-o-clock and the pool beckoned. Trudy put on her bikini and grabbed
        a towel and a drink and went to the pool, she nearly dropped the glass
        when she saw Darlene spread out on a towel, "Hello dear, lovely day,
      thought I'd through a sickie and soak up a bit of sun."   

Trudy looked at her lying there, her bathing suit did nothing for
      her she could see the hairs from under her armpits and the short curly
      mass on her inner thighs, she had noticed on Saturday that she had a hairy
      lip, how unladylike but she put a brave face on and smiled, at least it
      was company, if not the best.   

She lay out, not to close but enough to be friendly and
        they chatted for about ten minutes when Darlene turned on her side and
        looked at Trudy, "You're
      a good looking woman."   
Trudy embarrassed a little said, "Thank you."   
Darlene said, "No, no I mean it, I bet you don't have any
      trouble in getting your husband to fuck you."   

Trudy tried to ignore the question but she continued, "My
        husband hasn't fucked me for age's and I get so horny like I really need
        it, especially on days like this when I'm doing nothing, I don't get
        as lucky as you and get a man to come around and play with my cunt and
      tits."    

Trudy sat up, "What, eerrr what do you mean?"   
 Darlene just laughed and said, "Just lay down, I know
      all about last Thursday."   

Now very scared Trudy lay back down, Darlene moved a little
        closer, "Oh
      yes I watched the whole thing, you smiling and looking like you really
      enjoyed it, I thought you would have heard me when I went back up for Charlene's
      video camera, but you were far to busy enjoying yourself."   

Trudy's brain raced, what was she to say, she couldn't tell her
      the real reason, what if she told Bob, her thoughts were interrupted as
      Darlene continued to taunt her.   
&nbsp;    
Trudy was lost for words and Darlene knew it, she taunted
        her even more, "Your face was a picture as you stood there with your
        legs open smiling at him and I bet he was smiling while he had his finger's
      up your cunt."   

Darlene could see Trudy was reeling with what she knew and carried
      on in for the kill.   
&nbsp;    
"And you must give a great blow-job, I was really turned
        on by the way you sucked him off then jumped up and let him lick his
      cum out of your mouth, kinky cunt aren't you?"   
Trudy's body started to shake she was trying not to cry
        in front of her, she went to move but Darlene's voice put pay to that
        plan, "Lay
      still, I have it all on disc, I thought at first you two had an open marriage
      but after meeting sweet Bob I don't think he knows his lovely wife is letting
      other men screw her, you want to tell me different?"    

Trudy blubbered, "You know it wasn't like that, you must
have heard?"    
Darlene had the upper hand, "No, no I only saw what the
        camera saw and there's no sound on that, pity, you make lovely slurping
      noise's when you have and cock stuck in you mouth."   

Trudy bit her lip before she asked, "What do you intend
      to do with the disc?"   
Darlene sat up, "Nothing providing you are a good girl."   
Trudy asked, "What do you mean, good girl?"   

Darlene was mater of fact about it as she said, "Oh not
        a lot, its just that I feel with the rent we pay it should include a
        little more service and you will provide that service, if I need waiting
      on you will do it, a kind of domestic, you catch my drift?"   

Trudy now almost crying said, "You mean a maid?"   
Darlene laughed, "Oh yes that's the word I was looking
      for and you will do it so cut the crap."   

Trudy was now sobbing, Darlene came right over beside her
        and looked down at her, "Right my little maid, lets get thing straight,
      if I want it, you deliver it or hubby gets a nights viewing is that understood?"   

Trudy still sobbed her answer, "Please don't show him,
      I'll work for you but please don't show him."   
Darlene's smile grew across her face, "Good then we will
        start today, now as I said, you make lovely slurping noise's when you
      suck cock, lets have the same noise's when you suck cunt."   

As Trudy's brain tried to come to terms with what had just been
      said Darlene was pulling her bathing suit off releasing her large tits,
      belly and hips as Trudy realized what had been said she opened her eyes,
      the full extent of Darlene's hairy crotch became all to apparent.   

"No, no you can't, you," Darlene snapped, "Oh shut the
        fuck up, I have the disc you have the mouth and I feel really horny,
      put your arms by your side you stupid cunt and pay off another debt."   

Trudy looked at her, "What do you mean?"    
Darlene placed a foot either side of Trudy's head, "I keep
      my mouth closed; you just keep yours open, simply ain't it?"   

Darlene's body blocked out the sun, Trudy stared up between her
      open thighs. Her pubic hairs were massed all over her stomach and down
      between her legs, each side of her cunt lips and then cascading down her
      inner thighs.   

She bent her legs, crouching over Trudy's face. Only nine
        inches above her face Trudy saw the flabby cunt lips part, showing a
        mass of open wet red flesh in between the forest of hair, "Put your arms by your side
      maid," a beaten Trudy slid her arms down by her side, "Good, you understand
      the rules, now open your mouth and stick out your tongue I want to enjoy
      sitting on your face."   

With a thud Darlene's knees hit the ground either side of Trudy's
      head, then Trudy felt the wet flesh touch her lips and the smell of her
      body repulsed her. It took a tug on her hair to activate her tongue, not
      knowing what to do she started to lick at the hot wet slit.   

Darlene's hand gripped the back of Trudy's neck and pulled her
      face between her thighs. The mass of hair tickled up in to Trudy's nose
      and pushed in to her mouth, but still she kept licking, she was unable
      to move as Darlene pushed her hips back and forth over her sucking mouth.   

She heard Darlene tell her to lick the clit and suck it in to her
      mouth, move your tongue faster, come on maid fuck me with your tongue.
      Trudy tried to do everything she was told even though the hair in her face
      made her feel sick.   

The cunt in her mouth was getting wet, she could feel the hair
      getting sticking and fluid was dripping on to her tongue but still the
      relentless grinding of Darlene's hips kept the wet cunt firmly over her
      mouth.   

Back and forth, back and forth the cunt pushed in to Trudy's face,
      her lips were being mashed back on her teeth, but still the pulling on
      her hair told her, her tongue had got to stay active.   

The dripping was becoming more, Trudy felt like she was drinking
      the drips, but grinding was becoming frenzied, Trudy's nose was almost
      being rubbed off, she was finding it difficult to breath when suddenly
      the little dripping became spurts of warm sickly juice. Darlene's knees
      clamped the side of Trudy's head as juice splattered in to her mouth, the
      hair's around Darlene's cunt were soaked, her hips rubbed the sticky, cum
      soaked hair all over Trudy's face.   

The pulling subsided and the grip released, allowing Trudy's head
      to drop back, she sucked in air and chocked on the taste in her mouth,
      her eyes open, Darlene was staring down at her.   
"First time you sucked a cunt, well I got news for you,
        I'm going to call your face chair from now on with the amount of time
        I'm planning to be sat on it, but you need to learn how to please your
      boss, come with me, maid."    

Darlene didn't dress she just pulled the dazed Trudy up and shoved
      her towards the house. Once through the door she yanked her upstairs to
      her own apartment, Trudy looked terrified and pathetic against this big
      woman.   

Darlene pointed at a door, "You know where the bathroom
      is, go clean yourself up, you got one minute."   
Trudy disappeared in to the bathroom, Darlene went to check on
      her bedroom, yes all was as she had planned it, she set a few things then
      she waited.    
One cry of, "Your one minutes up," had Trudy reluctantly
      walking back to her.   

She opened the door to the bedroom and pushed Trudy in,
      the frightened housewife turned, "What are you going to do?"   
Darlene smiled, "You," and pushed her back on the bed.   

Her naked body soon followed Trudy, grinning over her she
        said, "Now
      you know the rules, hands by your side and your boss requires instant obedience.   
Knowing refusal was futile Trudy lay with her hands by her side
      waiting for Darlene to sit on her face again, but it didn't happen, instead
      Darlene lay beside her, her hand slid across Trudy's chest and tugged the
      little bow on her bikini top and pulled it off.   
"Well dear they look just as perfect close up as they did on camera," she
      rolled the nipples in her fingers, "mmmm nice, no wonder that man enjoyed
      playing with them, lets give them a lick."   
She lent over Trudy and started licking the pick rosebud tip, Trudy
      shuddered at her touch, it was different to Bob's, her mouth soft and she
      seemed to know were touch and how to make the nipple respond, Darlene felt
      Trudy shudder and made her next move.   

As her tongue tickled an excited the hardening nipple her hand
      slid down, moving side to side until it slipped under the tiny bikini bottoms.
      As she worked her way between Trudy's legs she felt the little strip of
      hair such a contrast to her own bush.   

Little moans of, "Please don't or Stop this mustn't happen," were
      soon silenced by Darlene's expert tongue.   

Another shudder as Darlene's fingers touched her clit; Darlene
      knew this was Trudy's first experience with a woman and she was going to
      make sure it was an experience she wouldn't forget or be allowed to forget.   

Her fingers parted the lips and danced over the women's hood, moving
      around with the deft fingers of an expert, her lips and tongue forcing
      the nipple to extend fully. Her fingers quickly moved either side pulling
      the little bows that held the bikini bottoms in place, the return of her
      fingers to the now exposed slit caused the legs to open more and little
      gasps of pleasure to escape the panting mouth.   

Much to Darlene's surprise she found her fingers slipping in and
      around Trudy's cunt quicker than she anticipated, her fingers were wet
      and there was definite movement from her hips, Darlene slid her right leg
      over Trudy and forced it in between the outstretched legs beside her.   

Trudy's cunt was now open; Darlene shifted her whole body to be
      almost lying on her conquest. Her mouth sucked the nipple in as the tongue
      flicked it to a new sensitive high. Another moan and Darlene's hand slipped
      away from the damp cunt, under the pillow and returned, a large pink cock
      shaped vibrator clutched firmly between her damp fingers.   

Years of practice made it easy for her to switch on the dildo with
      one hand, as her hand moved to touch the vibrator on the wet slit her eyes
      looked up from the raising breasts and locked Trudy's face in her vision.   

Her aim was perfect as the tip vibrated on the hard nub
        poking out from the fleshy hood her eyes took in the sudden in take of
        breath. The sound of, "Ahh, ahhhhhh," as the breath exhaled was music to Darlene's
      ears, she couldn't help but grin and let out a long, "Mmmmmmmm," as she
      let the vibrator push further in to the open slit and her mouth went back
      to the hard red nipple.   

Her hand new exactly what was needed, slowly up in to Trudy's cunt,
      little turns of the wrist had the knobbed and veined sides touching her
      inner most sensitive areas, then back out to tickle the clit and slip around
      the wet lips.   

She stopped working on her nipple and slid a little further up,
      her mouth closed over Trudy's, Trudy's mouth, already open allowed Darlene's
      long searching tongue to invade at its pleasure, Trudy's body, unable to
      control itself writhed towards her first climax.   

Trudy tried to squeal but Darlene's sucking tongue stopped any
      sound as her body squirmed down on the innocent conquest. The climax subsided
      but Darlene wasn't finish, she was enjoying the fact she could relieve
      her sexual frustration on her helpless victim.   

Her hand released the buzzing plastic cock but her knee slid all
      the way between Trudy's legs and then pushed up trapping the dildo firmly
      back up the aroused cunt. Her hands, now free massaged Trudy's sensitive
      tits while her tongue still enjoyed the inside of Trudy's mouth.   

Trudy lay pinned under the large woman, she tried to break loose
      but as one orgasm subside so another one was building fast, the dildo was
      forcing her to cum again, this hadn't happened to her in years and it was
      becoming overpowering.   

To her own disgust Trudy felt herself kissing Darlene back as she
      ground her hips in to the knee making the vibrator fuck her in to a frenzy,
      this was the signal for Darlene to move on.   
Slowly she took the pressure off, her knee sliding back, the dildo
      followed, Darlene could feel the desperation as Trudy tried to follow it.   

Moving off her she smiled at the wriggling woman, "Still
      need it to fuck you dear, then get hold of it and fuck yourself."   
Darlene watched the little hands as the grabbed at the
        cock shaped plastic and slowly pushed it back, her words gloated with
        power, "That's
      it you horny fucker, fuck yourself, you love a stiff cock, and these are
      best they never go soft, here try these in your mouth."   

She lent over Trudy and daggled her nipples on to her lips,
        Trudy sucked on them, Darlene's power ridden voice continued, "That's it suck
      on them, you love sucking don't you, you cunt, you love sucking cock just
      like that man last week, you loved sucking him off, you looked as though
      you were enjoying it on film anyway and does that dick feel like his fingers
      as they played up your cunt?" Trudy hardly heard a word as she came again.   

Darlene continued her assault, again her hands went back to the
      vibrator, again she ran it all over Trudy's cunt and with a groan, again,
      Trudy responded.   

Now she was going to use her mouth, she climbed over Trudy and
      bent to start licking the wet cunt while fucking it with the dildo. She
      drove the plastic cock in and out, licking furiously at the responding
      clit and just waited until Trudy was writhing again before lowering her
      cunt on to Trudy's mouth, she didn't wait long to feel her victims tongue
      right where she wanted it to be, she drove Trudy to another climax.   
&nbsp;    
She looked down at the exhausted Trudy, just one more thing
        and her plan would be complete. With gentle persuasion she had Trudy
        kneeling up on the bed, she knelt before her, took her in her arms and
        started kissing her again, Trudy was to exhausted to fight and surrendered,
        Darlene knew she had her where she wanted and whispered, "Get your hands
      between my legs and finger fuck me until I get off."    

It made the perfect picture, Darlene her legs wide holding Trudy
      and kissing her passionately. Trudy in the arms of this big woman both
      her hands down between Darlene's legs ramming her fingers up a wet cum
      soaked hole, while being forced to suck in a wet searching tongue.   

After she had cum all over the busy little fingers Darlene
        took Trudy in to the bathroom to shower and clean up. While she was in
        the shower Darlene returned to the bedroom, picked up the strategically
        positioned camera from between some books and checked it was still running,
        she smiled, all one and a half hours were there, switching it off she
        said to herself, "A
little editing and it's a wrap."   

Trudy just staggered out of the shower, Darlene picked
        up her bikini, waited while it was put on and helped her down the stairs.
        She took her back out to the pool and laid her on her towel, "There my little maid you
      have a rest, you have worked well today," Trudy was in a daze as Darlene
      stood to leave, as she picked up her own bathing suit she smiled at the
      exhausted woman, "And your going to be working like that for a lot more
      days to come."   

She went back up stairs, from a side window she could see Trudy
      laid out sleeping, she thought, nice cunt and a good sucking mouth and
      when I've taught her to use it she will be all mine to play with as I like,
      she pinched her own hard nipples before picking up the camera, sitting
      at the desk, still excited she started to edit.    

In the morning Trudy listened, first she heard Olsen leave with,
      Charlene, Harry and Will then she waited keeping still not daring to stir,
      suddenly Darlene thumped down the stairs. Trudy breathed a sigh of relief
      as she heard the door open and slammed shut, and then her car drove away.    

Every thing was a whirl that day; Trudy went through it in a dream
      like state. She could not believe what she had down with in the week. First
      she had been unfaithful to her Bob. She looked in the mirror, Bob the only
      man she had ever been with, a childhood sweetheart and now she had sucked
      another mans cock letting him cum in her mouth and licked out a women,
      she buried her head in her hands.   

She was just having a glass of wine, she looked at her watch, 5.20
      they would be back soon.   
She heard them all come back, they were the same as ever, she could
      hardly hear them, it was as though yesterday never happened, until.   

It was nearly eight when Darlene just walked in to her
        room, "Trudy
      go down to Atkins and get, a six pack, some Jimmy snacks and two tubs of
      ice cream," Trudy stood open mouthed at the way she had just walked in,
      Darlene sneered at her, "Oh you didn't see me get your key, I've had a
      copy made and you won't be changing the locks," she threw some money at
      her and left, Trudy sat there stunned.   

An hour later she was knocking on their door, Harry opened
        it and took the bag as he did Will arrived carrying the rubbish bag, "Here, mum
      says get rid of this," he dropped the bag at Trudy's feet, grabbed the
      door and closed it in her face, Trudy went down, got rid of the trash and
      returned to her flat, closed the door and sobbed.   

The following day ran normally for Trudy, in fact she looked at
      the clock and decided a early night would be a great idea, tomorrow Bob
      comes home, oh how she wanted to put her arms around him, he had told her
      that next week he was in this area and would be coming home every night.    

She had just put on her little teddy and was washing her face,
      she stood and reached for the towel, suddenly it was handed to her. She
      took it, she guessed it was Darlene. As she put it down she stared in to
      Darlene's face, she was smiling back at her.   

"I told Olsen you had some wine for me and we were going
      to have a chat, so get me some wine."   
Trudy almost pleaded, "Just take the wine and go."   
The answer snapped back, "Give me the wine, maid, I'll
      go when I'm ready"   

As Trudy bent to get the bottle, Darlene lifted the back
of her Teddy, "Pants to match, how nice."   
Trudy jumped up and turned. there was hate in her eyes as she stuffed
      the bottle in to Darlene's hand.   

Darlene turned and walked over to the settee, swung round and dropped
      back. As she hit the cushions she threw her right leg out and on to the
      cushion and let her left leg stay on the floor, smiling at Trudy she pulled
      the hem of her skirt up until she bunched it around her waist, there were
      no pants Trudy was staring at the hairy bush again.   

"On your knees maid, I have about a quarter of an hour
        and I need to get off, you know what to do, you can either do it the
        easy way, I'll just lay back and let you lick, or I'll sit on your face,
remember the chair, you choose."   

Trudy knew it was pointless to argue and she wanted her out of
      her flat, she knelt beside the settee.   
She looked in the gloating woman's before bending down
        between her legs, she brought her hands up to part the fat lips when
      Darlene told her, "No, all mouth tonight, no hands, just tongue."   

Trudy swallowed hard, took a deep breath and obediently started
      licking Darlene's cunt. She pushed her tongue in between the folds, forcing
      them open before finding the large nub of her clit.   
She worked quickly, this was not to be enjoyed and it had to be
      got over with. Darlene pushed further up, her hips moving in time with
      Trudy's tongue.   

The cunt was wet before the tongue started and soon Trudy could
      taste the warm juice leaking in to her mouth, with out warning Darlene
      clamped her hands behind Trudy's head and held her tight between her legs,
      then big powerful legs captured the head completely as the wet hairy cunt
      drove to a climax.   

Trudy knelt there staring at the panting woman, she had been told
      not to wipe the filthy juice from her face until her boss, as she took
      great delight in calling herself, had gone.   

As Darlene composed herself she could see the hate in Trudy's
        eyes, she bent forward and grabbed a hand full of Trudy's hair, "You'll do well
      to remember your place and act accordingly or I may get nasty", the hate
      in her face turned to worry, "Yes little Mrs. prim, I don't fuck about
      when I get pissed off, you better believe it."   

As she went to the door she turned and with a sly smile
        said, "And
      I won't be nice with what I've bought to fuck your hot little cunt with
      either, but that's for another day and you better believe that as well."   

She left Trudy still kneeling on the floor, her head full of what
      the threat meant. She washed the sticky juice from her face and went to
      bed, lying there for hours, Darlene's words ringing in her brain.   

That weekend and the first days of the following week were wonderful.
      Bob came and went and they often made love, it was as though they were
      remarried again. It wasn't until the weekend when he started talking about,
      other counties and new contracts that the realization that very soon she
      would be alone and at Darlene's mercy, the fear returned.   

Trudy tried to find out Bobs views on infidelity, had they
        changed over the years, thinking of a fictional friend, she told him
        of this woman being forced to be unfaithful and that her husband had
        forgiven her, Trudy's worst nightmare was the answer, she heard him say, "If
        its not full on rape then there is no way he would ever forgive a betrayal,
        to many slut wives use excuses for what they do, no it would be the end
      of that marriage."   

Then Bob changed the subject, and said those magic words, "Well
      I hope you'll be able to coupe with having the kids around during the half
      term break," yes, Trudy thought, half term she won't be able to do anything
      to me with the kids around.   

Bob left early on Monday; Trudy had been up two hours when
        she heard them moving about. Olsen left on his own then she saw Darlene
        leave with Charlene, the girl had a small suitcase with her, Trudy watched
        in loathing as Darlene shouted up to the boys window, "And you two, remember
      what I said, no mess and that doesn't mean you spend all day in bed."   

Trudy didn't see anything of the boys during the day, but she did
      hear them. Moving about, the occasional shouts, at one point there were
      lots of shouts, Trudy closed her ears to some of the language but she just
      thought boys will be boys.   
&nbsp;    
In the evening Darlene enjoyed humiliating her by giving her a
      shopping list and sending her out to do errands.   
Again she found her evening ruined and herself laden with
        bags, banging on the door. Harry opened it; Trudy was puzzled by the
        way he smiled at her then asked if she had a D V D player, Trudy told
        him, "Yes," the
      smile grew wider as he said, "Good," then closed the door.   

Trudy got up in a happy mood, not a lot to do, she was now doing
      her own shopping at the same time she was fetching and carrying for Darlene
      and the house didn't need much to make it look presentable. It was a warm
      day, so she put on her bikini, slipped on a nice loose top with a wrap
      around short skirt, now she knew as soon as she felt like it she was ready
      for the pool.   

She looked at the clock, five past eleven, she looked out the window,
wall to wall sunshine, she smiled to herself, I think I feel like it.   
As she walked back in to the lounge she nearly dropped the tray
      with her pitcher of orange. Sitting on her settee were the two boys, Harry
      held the remote for the D V D, Trudy was furious.   
As she put the tray back in the kitchen she yelled, "What
        the hell do you two think your playing at, how dare you come in here
      without permission."   

Harry looked up, "Oh we thought you wouldn't mind us using
      your D V D."    
Trudy was shaking with fury, "You cheeky pair, you have
      your own player, go and watch your own."   
Will laughed, "Oh but the film on yours is far better than
ours."   
With the way the boys were laughing at her Trudy lost it,
      she marched to the door and opened it, "Get out the pair of you."   

As she stood there waiting for them to move, Harry pressed the
      play button.   

Seeing the boys were ignoring her, she marched towards
        them, "If
      you two don't get out I'll---," her voice trailed off as her eyes caught
      what was playing on her television.   

It was the disc that Darlene was blackmailing her with, she saw
      herself standing in front of the settee, her legs open as the little man
      played up between them, she was looking down at him with a stupid smile
      on her face. Trudy felt sick, her stomach churned as she grabbed for the
      back of the settee.   

Will turned and looked at her, "Well we heard so much about
        what you did with him when we watched the other disc, you know our mum's
        a stupid cow she should get a better hiding place, we always know where
      to look for her fun things."   

Trudy's mind raced, "Other disc?"   
 Will laughed, "I think she better see the other disc,
      show her Harry, this is going to be even more fun than we first thought."   

Trudy stuttered, "But, I eer, but you," crowing with power, Will
      almost yelled at her, "Oh shut the fuck up, you stupid cunt, get your fucking
      ass over here, like it or not you are going to watch the other fucking
      disc."   

She put her hand to her face and made for the kitchen only
        to hear, "Go
      on then fuck off, just remember if you don't want to watch it we will wait
      until your stuck up husband comes home, that should be a laugh."   

She spun around as Harry swapped disc's, "Laugh, what do
      you mean laugh?"   
Will wasn't even looking at her as he snapped back, "Fucking
        hell lady after we found these, we worked out why you are running about
      at mothers beck and call, your doing as your told or mum tells ass-hole."   

Before Trudy had chance to reply the disc started to play, she
      was on a bed and Darlene was all over her.   
She groaned a pathetic, "Oh no."   

Will looked back to her, "Oh yes, come here cunt."   
Trudy stared at him, "What did you say?"   

Will clicked his fingers, "Just do as your told cunt and
      get your fucking ass over here."   
She didn't know what to do, her eyes where now taking in what was
      on her own television screen. She was on a bed being fucked by a vibrator
      and to make thing worse she was moaning with pleasure.   

As if in a trance she walked over to the settee, Will grinned, "Seen
      sense then?" She stood between the two boys, her mouth open trying to think
      of something to say, she realized that annoying them would be a bad move
      but all that came out was, "I, I."   

Will said, "Turn around, face the pretty pictures and kneel,
      Harry pull the volume up, lets all listen."   

She turned, now she could see herself, fucking her own cunt with
      a plastic cock and sucking Darlene's nipples, she sank to her knees, she
      was so shocked she couldn't even cry.   

Darlene's voice filled the room, was tormenting her, Trudy
        could plainly hear, "You like sucking things, you enjoyed sucking that
        man off last week, does it feel like his fingers when he was playing
      with your cunt?"   

Will lent forward, "If you think that's fun you should
      see what mothers bought to use on you, show her Harry."   
Still speechless, her brain trying to function, she only just heard
      Harry get up and go to the door. Just outside he picked up some thing and
      came back, Trudy jumped as he dropped them on the table.   

Her eyes opened really wide when she saw, a crotch harness and
      three different sized plastic cocks.   

Harry picked up the harness and waved it in front of Trudy's
        face, "This
      you strap to yourself," then he picked up the big long cock, "This screws
      on the front for fucking the other person," then he picked up the shorter
      fat cock, "This goes inside, locks on to the harness and up the one who's
      doing the fucking," then he picked up the thin one, "And this joins that
      one only up the fuckers ass, and they all switch on, that's what I call
      good kit."   

She looked past them to the television as Will said, "Well
        just look at you fingering mother, you could have more fun with this
      lot, don't you agree?"   

That was it, she buried her face in her hands and cried like a
      baby; the boys just laid back, raised their thumbs and smiled at each other
      behind her back.    

They gave her about 15 seconds then Will nodded to Harry
        and they both bent forward, Will was the first to speak, "Looks like
        your in deep shit, can't make out why a pretty woman like you needs the
        likes of that weird wanker your sucked off or a fat cow like our mother,
      still I bet your don't want your old man to know, do you?"   
She still sobbed but Harry had other Ideas, he grabbed
      her hair and yanked her head back, "He said do you."   
She squealed in pain more than answered, "No, no for god
sake no."   

Will grabbed her jaw, "Then you won't mind if we make another
film?"   
She tried to pull away but they held firm, "What do you
      mean, another film?"   

Harry kicked the table, "You are going to model that good
      kit on the table and I'll film you."   
Trudy tried to shake free, "You can't be serious, your
      just boys, that's----."   

Will shouted down her ear, "That's the way it is, boys
        or not, we have the disc and another copy, you didn't think we just copied
        one, your husband can get one of these anytime or you can indulge us
        by being a toy model and your going to smile and parade around this room,
        pretend this is a promotion shooting and you better look good or we go
      to dick head, I wonder if mum could afford the whole house."   

He pulled Trudy's head round and looked at her, "As the
      man who had his cock stuck in her mouth said, it would be going cheap."   

Trudy was horrified, but had no other option, she thought,
        maybe just maybe she could get the boys to part with the disc's, it could
        happen if she played out their fantasy, she only had to wear the horrid
        thing, they were boys they can't know enough to worry her and they had
        seen her naked on film so she took two deep breaths and said, "I want
      all the copies if I do this."   
Will jumped up, "Ya, ya what ever, get the camcorder Harry."   

She stood up, Harry went to the door and returned with
        the camera, Will picked up the leather harness, " O K we have given this
        movie some thought, you go and put on the same clothes you had on in
        the first film then you come in here, see that and sexy like take your
      skirt and pants off."   

He was panting out his story, Trudy thought, she could
        pull this off, he continued, " Play with and put all the attachments
        on and fit the thing, with them running, on and in you, then model it
        around the room, smiling and looking sexy all the time, if you forget
      anything, we start again."   

Trudy went back to her room, should she run, no point, she had
      to get the copies and then work on the rest and she needed time. She found
      the clothes, all neatly washed; she had too after what had happened last
      time. She was dressed; she quickly pulled up the stockings and smoothed
      them straight, took another couple of deep breaths and stood at the door.   

As she came through the door, Harry was ready, he nodded, she went
      back in, turned and thought, I love you Bob, and I just can't lose you.   
She put on her best smile and strolled back in to her lounge. She
      thought back to her high school plays and tried to look calm, not looking
      at the camera she walked over to the table and picked up the harness and
      bent to pick up a cock.   

Harry stopped filming, "No, no I said sexy, pick up the
        cock first then stroke it, even suck it, like in dads films, now start
      again."   

Trudy cursed under her breath and walked back in to her bedroom,
      she looked in her full-length mirror and asked herself why she was doing
      this, then she looked at the side of the bed, there was Bobs picture, fear
      shook her, no matter what it takes I can't lose you besides they are only
      boys, she breathed a sigh of relief as she remembered the words, like my
      dads films, what can they do, half an hour, a little show and it would
      be over and I may get the chance to end this.    

She looked back in the mirror, I am an intelligent woman of 34
      and this time I know what will happen, she ran her fingers through her
      hair and winked at herself, I can handle two stupid teenage boys. With
      another deep breath she turned and went back in to the lounge.    

Feeling she had the upper hand, she deliberately played up, hoping
      to excite the boys in to letting out their secret.   
She sashayed up to the table and slowly picked up the plastic cock.
      She ran her hands over it and played her fingers around it; then she put
      it to her lips and tickled the end of with her tongue.   
Trudy dropped her head back and slid half of it in to her mouth;
      out of the corner of her eye she could see the two boys mesmerized by her
      antics.   

She could see they were getting excited, thinking that they may
      go over the top she left the cock in her mouth and unzipped her skirt,
      she let it fall, hooked the toe of her shoe in it and flicked it up in
      to her hand. 
Now to get her pants off and the thing in place with out letting
      the boys see too much. She slid back to the bedroom, grabbed some cream
      from the dresser and reappeared.   
She had made up her mind this was going to get the boys to let
      slip where the hiding place was, she wouldn't speak until she was sure,
      but she knew she had them in the palm of her hand.   
To be continued   
 Pagan. 


Copyright,  kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 A continuing story by Pagan.   
   Maid for the family album.   
Part two.   
Trudy set her sights on reducing these big stupid teenagers to
      her will. First she picked up the thinner of the two cocks and squeezed
      cream over the top, daring to peek at their reaction; then she did the
      same to the fatter one. Picking up the harness she looked at the two holes
in the crotch piece where the red control knobs would fit.   
She turned, wiggling her ass at the camera. Quickly she pushed
      her pants down and dropped them at her feet. Slipping her feet in to the
      straps she pulled the leather contraption up to her thighs. With out thinking
      she pressed cream on to her fingers and slipped her fingers on to her cunt
      and ass.   
She was concentrating, quickly the thin one slipped up her ass,
      the first time anything sexual had been up there and it felt uncomfortable,
      she held her breath not daring to squeal, thank god she had covered it
      in cream.   
Then the fatter one slipped in to her cunt, she knew she had to
      be quick, she wanted to cover herself from their searching eyes.   
Pulling the harness up she made sure the red knobs fitted in to
      the holes and fastened it on; the buckle at the front pinched her skin.   
She felt ridicules but still she had to play their game her whole
      life depended on it.   
As Trudy turned back to face them she could see the bulges in their
      jeans, she wiggled a little but Will caught her eye, with out saying anything
      he motioned to her to switch the vibrators on.   
Reaching between her legs she felt for the knobs, she knew the
      sensation from the one Darlene had used on her and she was ready but as
      she turned the knob she was surprised that they only vibrated a little,
      she felt good inside, she knew she could handle this.   
She paraded round, the boys eyes were open so wide she was waiting
      for their eye-balls to fall out, now was the time to stop this, show how
      much she had enjoyed their company and get them on her side, she moved
      towards them, it was time to strike.   
As Trudy took her second step the vibrator up her ass suddenly
      moved quicker, the end was vibrating at a terrific speed, she felt as though
      her whole backbone was tingling, she couldn't help but let a little groan
      escape.   
Harry stopped filming, Will smiled at her, "We were surprised
        at the way those things are programmed those fucking computer chips get
      every where these days."   
Trudy still tried to stay calm, and friendly, "Well you
      boys are so clever, I'm just a simply housewife, I wouldn't no-oooahh."   
As she spoke the one up her cunt started to move, it was suddenly
      pumping up and down as it vibrated faster, as this was something she hadn't
      expected she stumbled, Will caught her.   
As she thanked him she realized she had to work fast, the combination
      of the two cocks now vibrating and pumping up in to her was getting to
      her.   
She had hoped it was going to be the same as the last one but this
      was different, a totally new experience and she remembered how she had
      been forced to cum when Darlene had her.   
She tried to speak normally all the time fighting the feeling
        building in her hips, she needed to work on the boys, "Well I've done what you wanted,
      and I think I have been more than co-operative so now I think we aahhheee," the
      vibrators moved faster.   
Trudy panicked, "I will, ill, eeerrr ahh, just take thisss
      off, then we,eee will t, talk."    
Will looked at Harry, "You bring the other thing mother
bought?"   
Trudy just saw Harry nod as she turned to go back to the bedroom;
      she found it a struggle to walk, trying not to jump as the movement of
      her hips increased the feelings inside her.   
She didn't make it to the door. Trudy squealed as she was grabbed
      from behind, Will held her wrists back, then there was a click as metal
      clips fastened her arms behind her.   
Will moved to her side, "Now try and take it off, oh and
      we have checked them out and it will get better."   
Trudy started to shake, "What, where did you get these,
      what's the meaning of aaahh?"   
Harry laughed, "Seems to get better by the minute, well
      for us anyway."   
As Trudy started to squirm Will said, "Where did they come
        from, I think the handcuffs came free with the rest of the kit so we
      thought, why not use them?"   
Trudy's knees dipped, she was squirming; her whole body
        was now moving as she panted, "Yes I can understand that but I don't
      like it, ca, can you take them off, we eerrr need to talk."   
Harry grinned at her, "Oh did you want to talk Wainright
      well first there are other things we intend to take off."   
Will had moved behind Trudy, his strong hands easily gripped the
      aroused woman. Harry still grinned in her face; his hands pulled the bottom
      of her blouse out from the harness before his fingers started to undo the
      buttons.   
Will could feel her struggling, her body jumping as she
        panted, "No
      pleesee boys you can't do aahhh this to me."   
Will pulled her back to him, "Oh but we can Wainright we
      can do what the fuck we like to you so don't fight, you can't stop us."   
Harry finished unbuttoning her, Will immediately grabbed the blouse
      and pulled it back off her shoulders, he let it slip to her cuffed wrists
      before pulling her bra straps down, Harry finished the job by dragging
      the bra cups down as well.   
Harry smiled at Will, "A fine pair of titties."   
Will still tormented her, "There you are Wianright, a fine
        pair of titties for us to play with, you seem to be having fun so why
      shouldn't we?"   
Trudy was uncontrollable, "Yes, aaahh, yes alright have
      fun with me but pleesase take those thing, ings out."   
Harry bent forward and started to suck on the hard sensitive
        nipple but Will was having his own fun, "Titties first then we think
        about taking them out, all you have to do is just make sure we are enjoying
      playing with you or your cunt and ass fucking could go on all day."   
As Trudy felt her first climax starting Will said to Harry, "Come
      on lets have her in the bedroom, we can have her sat on the bed while we
      have some fun with a tittie each."   
It was heaven and hell all in one as Trudy was marched in to the
      bedroom, the movement of her walking driving the climax even faster, then
      the boys did the worst thing possible, they sat her on the bed. The force
      of being sat drove the vibrators deeper, even before the boys knelt to
      suck on her nipples she came, the climax being the most intents she had
      ever experienced.   
The boys sucked, tickled and licked at the hard red buds
        while Trudy helplessly squirmed and groaned as the orgasm subsided. Still
        the thrusting and vibrating continued, Trudy panted out, "You have my
      breasts, please stop this now."   
Both boys knew it would not be long before their captive
        would be getting horny again, Wills fingers took the place of his mouth
        as he deliberately played for time, "We have your titties, go on say
      it."   
Trudy squirmed trying to relieve the pressure up her cunt, "You,
      you have my titties, I'll let you play with them but please stop the two
      things."   
Harry stood up, "You mean those two plastic cocks giving your cunt
      and your ass a bloody good fucking, and you will let us play with your
      tits," he grabbed one and squeezed it, "It don't seem to me you can stop
      us and if you think we are going to be satisfied with sucking your tits?"   
Will squeezed the other breast, "That's what you thought
      didn't you?"   
Trudy tried to concentrate on what they were saying but
        also started to feel another climax coming but Will continued, "Get us all excited with
      a little show, well that's what we thought you'd think, that's why we have
      a great film of your toy modeling and yes it did get us excited," he laughed
      at her as he saw her face jump, "But not as excited as it seems to have
      got you, you stupid cunt."   
Trudy groaned, "For god sake what do you want?"   
Harry started to unbuckle his belt, "Remember that little
        man, he looked great with his cock stuck in your mouth, reckon we'd look
      the same and if you want those cocks switched off, prove us right."   
With the cocks thrusting mercilessly up inside Trudy looked
        pitifully up in to four lust filled eyes, she pleaded with the boys, "I'll
      do it but aahhh, no, please take them aahh, out."   
Will dropped his trousers, "We think you'll do it a lot
        better if we leave them stuck up you, so stop fucking with us and swallow
      some cock,"   
She gave up pleading and quickly opened her mouth, Will deliberately
      took a pace back forcing Trudy to bend forward; he knew it would give her
      a different sensation especially with the cock up her cunt.   
&nbsp;    
Trudy closed her mouth over Wills cock and dragged at the foreskin,
      she knew she had to keep him, if he stopped and forced her to suck his
      brother, she could find herself sucking on two cocks for a long time.   
She sucked as hard as she could, she did things she had never done
      with Bob, driving her head back and forth, choking as the end sank in to
      her throat, she was working to make this boy cum in her mouth. The more
      she rocked the more it aroused her dripping cunt, there was nothing she
      could do to stop it; she was going to cum again.   
She tried so hard to keep sucking but as she came she squealed
      unable to stop him, Will pulled his cock out of her mouth. Both of them
      giggled as Trudy squirmed and jumped in to another orgasm.   
Harry shoved her back on to the bed and dived on beside her, his
      mouth sucking her nipples, Will did the same, both of them holding her
      down while sucking her nipples as she could only writhe on the bed.   
Harry moved up the bed, "Listen cunt, if we take them out
      you gona blow us?"   
Trudy sobbed, "Yes, yes anything but take them out."   
Will was next to be staring down at her, "That means the
        works, kissing it, licking it, some ball washing and plenty of deep throat,
      do I get a yes?"   
With the relentless thrusting between her legs Trudy almost
        screamed, "Yes
      anything."    
Harry pulled the strap from the buckle, the harness dropped to
      the floor, he pulled first the one out of her ass then the other, Will
      laughed at how sticky and wet they were, Harry switched them off, leaving
      the only noise, it was Trudy groaning on the bed.   
Will pulled her up, Come on cunt lets get the cuffs off
        and have your mouth full of us, and take your time, you either give us
        a long good pleasurable suck or you'll find the fat one stuffed back
      up and fucking your ass."   
Her hands were released, she had no time to tend her sore wrists
      before she was sucking one cock and playing her fingers over another.   
They had no pity for her, telling her she was there to service
      them how they wanted.   
&nbsp;    
They made her change cocks at regular intervals; sucking on one
      then on to the other, just as she thought she had one of them, they would
      stop her, making her kiss and lick their balls, letting them subside before
      making her start sucking them again, it took her almost an hour to get
      the first mouthful of male juice.   
She lay on her bed watching the two boys dress, Will laughed
        at her, "You saving that sticky cream on your face for later," she didn't
      answer him which was a mistake, Harry's hand was within range of her naked
      ass, a vicious slap reduced her to tears.   
Harry threatened to spank her again until she humiliated
        herself to order. Before they left she was forced to grovel, "Thank you
        Harry for fucking my face, I loved having your cock in my mouth Will,
      its nice to have your cum inside me."   
The boys went out the door laughing at the naked woman; she had
      been warned to keep telling them how wonderful it had been to have them
      use her until they were out of earshot.   
As she lay in the bath she heard Darlene and Olsen return, she
      felt hate and loathing build in her aching body, but she also knew her
      own stupidity had put her in this position and she knew she had no option
      but to get out of it and save her marriage, her life and her sanity.   
She forced her pain racked body to dress, putting on her little
      teddy then she relaxed in her favorite chair and waited for the usual phone
      call from Bob, again she would have to lie about her day.   
She put the phone down and sobbed, he had asked her all the right
      questions, told her how much he loved her and she had lied through her
      back teeth. The tears ran down her face until she was so exhausted that
      sleep finally took the pain of the day away.   
Was she dreaming that she was wet, or, she was wet, her breasts
      were cold, she roused herself from her sleep. She looked down, the front
      of her teddy was wet and sticking to her, the contours of her breast stood
      proud.   
Trudy looked up; the grinning face of a very drunk Darlene startled
      her. As soon as her eyes cleared she could see the glass in her hand she
      knew she had emptied it over her.   
"You awake dear?" Trudy blinked up at her, "Seems a long
      time since I saw you been keeping yourself to yourself have we?"   
Trudy went to get up, "Been having fun with hubby have
        we, getting fucked a lot, mines pissed and asleep, in-fact their all
      asleep sept me and now you, get me a wine."   
Darlene gloated as Trudy struggled off the settee and took
      her glass, "Seemed to have spilt mine."   
Trudy poured the wine in to the glass and went back to
        her, Darlene was leaning on the back of the settee, the baggy jogging
        suit did nothing to hid her large figure, Oh you are a good little maid,
      give it to me."   
As Trudy handed the glass to Darlene, Darlene gripped the
        glass and her hand, "Your very quiet, what's the matter cat got your
      tongue?"    
Trudy tried to pull away, "No, no just tired."   
Trudy smelt the same stink on Darlene's breath as on her
        top, it was almost overpowering as Darlene bent towards her, "Oh Bob
        couldn't have fucked you that much to make you to tired to give your
      boss a little kiss."   
Unable to release Darlene's grip, she just stood there, Darlene's
      other hand grabbed the back of her head and pulled her face to hers. Darlene's
      mouth closed over Trudy's as her hand shook her head until the pretty but
      helpless woman opened her mouth allowing the foul tasting tongue to invade.   
The kissing was long, passionate and painful, Trudy almost gagged
      as the searching tongue pushed in to her throat; then she was forced to
      return the kiss as Darlene's lips sucked the reluctant tongue in to her
      own mouth.   
Trudy pulled away, trying again to move but Darlene was
        ready and grabbed the teddy top, "Your all wet, what kind of boss lets
      her maid wear wet clothes, lets take it off."   
Before Trudy had time to do anything Darlene was on her. She put
      the glass down and the teddy was dragged over Trudy's head, Darlene, though
      drunk was still far to strong for Trudy.   
She pulled Trudy to her and squeezed her breasts, Trudy
        winced, "Oh
      did Bob get passionate with you," she pulled the nipple in her hand as
      she looked at Trudy's breast's, "Ohhhhh their bitten and red, I thought
      you liked it a bit rough but this looks like he had some real fun with
      you," she grabbed Trudy hard and grinning in her drunken state said, "Don't
      you worry your boss is going to kiss them better."   
Darlene dragged Trudy around the settee before throwing her on
      it, she immediately fell on her and started sucking her nipples and kissing
      her breasts. Trudy could do nothing; her tits were so sore after the abuse
      the boys had forced on to her but this large woman was going to have her
      way with her, no matter what.   
Darlene spent five minutes enjoying Trudy's tits before
        she stood up, pulled both top and bottom of her jogging suit off and
        grinned down at her, "I'm having your pants off then I'm gona fucking
        eat you out before I let you get me off, its been ten days since you
      fucked me and am hot for it."   
Trudy squealed, as her legs were forcible flung open, huge hands
      gripped painfully on to her inner thighs as Darlene buried her face between
      them.   
Trudy jumped as a very active tongue attacked her already defiled
      cunt; she was forced to bite her lip to stop crying out as Darlene slavered
      over her inner flesh and poked her tongue between the folds on to her clit.    
Trudy was so sore after the hammering the vibrators had given her
      that all Darlene's work still didn't make her hot, after only a few minutes
      she felt the full weight of Darlene's anger.    
"O K maid I don't give a fuck if you don't want to get
        off, I do and I'm gona use your mouth to do it so it's now your turn,
      get on the floor, you know what's next, chair."   
Trudy slowly sat up but Darlene was impatiencent, a hand
        shot out and grabbed Trudy's hair dragging her off the settee and on
        to the carpet. Darlene still had a handful of hair as Trudy's mouth got
        hair in it as well, "Lick maid and do a good job, I want to feel a lot
      of fucking tongue fucking me."   
Darlene's knees were wide open, her cunt pressed hard over Trudy's
      face forcing hair up Trudy's nose and in between her lips. The pink fleshy
      lips were wet, the smell overpowering as Darlene rubbed back and forth,
      grinding her body over the pretty face.   
There was no escape for her, her tongue pushed in between the folds
      of flesh and licked, pushing more and more up in to the excited woman's
      hairy cunt, she felt as though her hair would be torn from her head as
      big hands dragged her up between the spread legs.   
Though it was brutal it was quick, soon Trudy's mouth was licking
      in juice as it seeped form the hot wet cunt, the hole of her face was covered
      in hot sticky liquid as Darlene started to cum. It was a case of lick faster
      or suffocate as the thrusting hips now covered her mouth and nose.   
More and more juice ran in to Trudy's mouth, her tongue now ached
      but didn't stop until spurts of hot sticky juice splashed over her face
      and in to the back of her throat. Darlene went rigid, her thighs gripped
      the sides of Trudy's head then she stopped, lifted herself off and fell
      back on to the settee.   
Darlene looked down at Trudy and smiled at the cum soaked
        woman, "Your
      learning, pity I can't stay for more but there will be other times," she
      bent down and pushed a finger up Trudy's sore cunt, "Still not wet, my,
      my, Bob must have given you some fucking last weekend, must get him to
      tell Olsen the secret, mind you sometimes I'm grateful, he's got a cock
      like a fucking baby's arm, hurts sometimes but, little do you know it but
      I have something for you to wear that will make up for it, see you soon," Darlene
      picked up her jogging suit.   
As she reached the door she turned, "By the way as Olsen ain't
      got to pick up the kids he will do the shopping so you rest, I'll be back
      on my favorite chair next week and it better be ready," she grabbed the
      door handle, turned it and left.   
Trudy dragged herself up, her face and hair wet and stinking, she
      looked at the patch of wet, right with the odious woman had been sat, swore
      and then went to the bathroom to wash the filth off.   
She hadn't slept well; Trudy heard them leave and made up her mind
      to lock herself in. She was up and dressed, the doors and windows were
      locked and just in case the boys had a key, she pushed a chair to the door
      and wedged it under the handle, she thought to herself, that will keep
      the bastards out.   
It had only been twenty minutes; Trudy was on her third
        cup of coffee when the door handle rattled. It held firm, suddenly she
      heard Will's voice, "Hay cunt open this fucking door."   
Trudy shouted back, "No I won't, go away and leave me alone."   
To her surprise she heard them going back up stairs, she sighed
      and finished her coffee. Next was to get some cleaning agent and get rid
      of that stain on her settee. She had just thrown the dirty water away when
      the door started banging again, she marched to the door still telling them
      to go when she looked at the floor, three A 4 sheets of colored paper lay
      at her feet.   
Trudy bent and picked them up as Harry shouted, "We can print a
      lot more for when dick head is home," Trudy stared at the three prints,
      one with her open legged and the little man playing with her cunt, the
      second of her with his cock in her mouth and the third with her prancing
      around her own lounge wearing that harness, a sobbing, "Oh no," was music
      to the boys ears.   
Will shouted, "You said yesterday you wanted to talk, lets talk," Trudy
      moved the chair and flicked the lock, the door burst open and the boys,
      just wearing boxers, walked in.   
Harry laughed at her, "Keep them we can print what we like
      when we like."   
Will slammed the door, "Fix breakfast we are starving."   
She fixed breakfast, the boys didn't speak, just sat waiting, grinning
      at each other. The breakfast was laid before them.   
They both sat one side of the table, Trudy busied herself
        cleaning down the worktops when Will said, "Hay cunt get your ass over
      here."   
Trudy bit her lip and stood at the other side of the table,
        looking anywhere but at them, Harry snapped, "Look at us, god you're a stupid cunt." Those
      words cut through like a knife, but they were not half as bad as the next
      sentence.   
Will looked up at her, "And get those fucking clothes off
      while you do."   
To be continued.   
 Pagan.   
Copyright  kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 A continuing story by Pagan.   
   Maid for the family album.   
Part 3.   
Trudy's knees buckled, 'Please boys you can't mean this?"   
Harry slapped his knife down on the table, the chair catapulted
      back as he stood, "Mean it of course we fucking mean it, he wouldn't have
      said it if he didn't fucking mean it, you've pissed us off enough this
      morning, now get yourself fucking naked, we won't tell you again."   
She could see the look in their eyes, she knew it was futile to
      argue, they had her, her only hope was to still try and get them to let
      something slip, anything that would give her a chance to end this.   
Will was about to stand when Trudy reached for the top button.
      Both of them now sat the eyes greedily staring at her as she flicked each
      button of her pale blue blouse, reveling her white lace patterned bra underneath,
      then she reached behind and unhooked the skirt. Playing for time she laid
      first the blouse then the skirt on the worktop.   
Will smiled at her as he laughed with Harry, "You'd think
        she was a virgin on her first date as if we ain't seen it all already,
      come on cunt lose the rest."   
It seemed like an age but with in the minute the bra and pants
      were laying with her other clothes and she was standing, as ordered, totally
      naked, her arms by her side, looking straight at them.   
Will was the first to speak, "Come here cunt and stand
      between us."   
Trudy walked around the table and stood as ordered, Harry
        was next, "Drop
      a tit in each mouth," she bent forward, just before Will closed his mouth
      on the pink bud he said, "See the bulges in are pants, stroke them and
      keep your legs straight."   
Harry moved forward and licked the nipple, "He meant straight,
      but open and straight." Trudy bent further, as she rubbed her hand over
      the material of their pants she opened her legs about a foot, her ass stood
      proud and she knew, vulnerable.   
The boys slurped noisily at her nipples, sucking them really hard,
      dragging them as far out as possible, Trudy squirmed as they continually
      used their teeth to increase her pain.   
Then she felt their hands on the back of her legs, sliding up and
      down, running over her naked ass and back down and between her thighs,
      all the time she did as she was told, biting her lip as she rubbed their
      boxers, her hands feeling just how hard they were getting.   
Harry stopped his torment of her nipple, "Open your legs
      wider and bed your knees."   
Both boys waited until her legs opened and bent, then Will
        said, "Bend
      over and start licking cock,"   
Trudy bent further over, her legs wide and bent, her ass rose as
      her head went to Harry's lap, she pulled the hard cock from the restraints
      of his boxers and closed her mouth over it.   
She squealed as her head was yanked back, "We said, lick some cock," her
      hair was released and she bent again only this time her tongue licked over
      the round head. They let her work on the cock, licking up and down, around
      and in to the foreskin until her head was pulled over to Will's lap and
      the whole perverted act started again.   
As she worked on Will so their hands returned to working up and
      down her legs, thighs and buttocks. They could now get easy access between
      her legs, sets of fingers drove between her ass cheeks pulling them apart
      or pinching her cunt lips as they opened her up for other fingers to push
      in.   
&nbsp;    
Her body ached from the position until she felt a finger
        fully inserted up her cunt, she pleaded a pathetic, "Please no, don't do that," but
      all that got was a second finger pushed up, then the sawing action, Trudy
      moaned as the boys giggled, "Shut the fuck up cunt and keep licking, we
      will do what we want with you," she knew the boys had every intention of
      giving her a hard finger fucking.   
With the sound of the boys giggling as they did things to her that
      even Bob would worry about doing during their lovemaking, she just couldn't
      believe it was happening to her. Will was enjoying fucking her with his
      fingers, letting another poke her ass as he drove up her. Harry had his
      hands on her hanging breasts, dragging her nipples down laughing to Will
      that it was like milking a cow.   
A mixture of relief and fear shot through Trudy as the
        fingers pulled out of her cunt. Both boys stood, hands under each of
        Trudy's armpits pulled her up, she was naked, helpless and staring at
        two leering faces, about to hear words that removed any feeling she had
        of relief, "Come on
      cunt, lets go look at what your bedroom has to offer."   
She tried to get free but for young boys they were strong,
        to strong for her. As they dragged her from the kitchen she pleaded with
        them not to use her marital bed again. They almost lifted her off her
        feet, a viscous tug propelled her were they wanted her to go. As they
        walked in to the bedroom, Harry raged at her, "Listen cunt how many times have you got to
      be told, you are ours and you do as your fucking told," as the word told
      left his lips she was hurled forward on to the bed.   
Both boys jumped on the bed slamming her face down, Harry
        pressed on her back pinning her to the bed. Will pulled her legs open,
        a little muffled, "No, no please you must stop," only heralded a swift
      slap on her naked ass.   
Trudy struggled but Harry quickly moved to turn and sit
        on her, he giggled as he looked at his brother, then both of them looked
        down at the naked ass, Will sniggered, "Too white," Harry nodded, "Too
      white, but not for long."   
Will was the first to slap her, forcing a shrill, "No, no stop," Harry
      didn't, he slapped hard down again then they started to take it in turns,
      Harry had the left cheek Will took the right and they both began to beat
      her until her ass was red with their finger marks and they were defiantly
      enjoying the sound of Trudy sobbing and pleading that she couldn't take
      any more.   
Harry turned, "When you want us to stop, its easy, when
      we call you cunt you open your legs and show us yours, cunt."   
Trudy lay sobbing, she jumped and squealed as two more
      slaps stung her, Harry asked, "Are you deaf, cunt?"   
Slowly the boys watched the shapely legs open, gently patting the
      red ass as the waited. If the legs stopped moving they increased the slapping
      until she had opened them as wide as she could.   
Harry turned back, "And keep them like that bitch," Trudy groaned
      as she felt fingers pushed in her, Will was taking to Harry all Trudy could
      do was lay there and listen to these two evil boys, "Don't think we fucked
      her up to much yesterday, still feels nice."   
Harry got off her and joined in, "Hold it open I fancy a finger
      in there," both boys worked their fingers in her, hurting her, she started
      to close her legs, Harry leapt on the bed, his head beside her, "Keep your
      fucking legs open and we will want them open for most of today," she shook
      her head.   
Harry slapped her ass hard, she squealed, "That's it bitch
        squeal, we are really going to have some fun with you today, fucking
        you, playing with you, doing what we like to you and you will do what
        we want to us, we are going to see if we can get you as hot as your little
      toys did and we have five hours to do you in."   
Will shouted, "Get her on her back, I'm ready for one."   
Harry looked at her, "You heard him, on your back, arms
      by your side and most important, legs wide and your cunt available."   
It only took two hard slaps and Trudy was on her back with
        both boys grinning down at her, Harry loved tormenting her, "There you
      are, the perfect position for a female servant."   
Trudy looked down, standing at the end of the bed was Will,
      he was stroking his cock and grinning, "Lets go lover."   
He knelt on the bed, slid between her legs and aimed his cock at
      her hole; then slowly he pushed in to her, bit by bit his cock sank in
      to the warm flesh, grinning at her all the time, until he filled her.   
Harry whispered in her ear, "Listen you dumb cunt, this
        is the way you play it. He's Bob, you put your arms around him, you kiss
        him, real kissing and you tell him how wonderful he is and how much you
        want him to fuck you, you will scream with happiness while you beg him
        to fuck you, don't forget there are two of us and you don't like pain." 
   
Harry sat back in the bedroom chair as Will started to need Trudy's
      tits. It wasn't long before she obeyed her order, her arms went around
      Will, he slammed his mouth down on her and rammed his tongue deep in to
      her mouth, enjoying the way the forced woman was making acceptable, MMMMMMM
      noise's.   
Will pulled his mouth away and looked at her. Harry stifled
        a laugh as this woman, twenty years older than the boy fucking her started
        to beg, "Oh
      I love it when you fuck me, please keep fucking me, make me cum, your cock
      is so big and I love to feel it up me, Oh yes, yes, that's it keep fucking
      me."   
Will brought his knees up and pushed himself up from her,
        his cock still buried up her, her legs wide apart, his left arm took
        his wait as his right hand worked on her nipple, "So cunt you want to
      make me happy?"   
Trudy carried on the charade, "Yes of course, anything."    
Will smiled, "Then get your fingers on your clit and rub
        yourself until you cum and look at me while you fuck me and while you
        play with yourself, but make sure you cum first or I'll fuck your ass
      until you do."   
&nbsp;    
Trudy looked up at the grinning boy, he, intern watched as her
      fingers trailed over her stomach and slipped in to the folds, now surrounding
      his pulsing cock. His grin got wider as he watched her fingers rub franticly
      over her nub, he was waiting for her to start getting hot.   
His hands toyed with her nipples as he watched her fingers juicing
      up, he slid himself in and out a few times, she definitely jumped, her
      hips wiggled and she was panting, more shoves and she was starting to shove
      back, he had her.   
All their threats had made Trudy work herself to a climax,
        Will could feel it, he shoved a couple more time forcing little, "Ah," sounds
      from her lips, he pounced. Lowering his head he whispered, "You want a
      fucking?"   
With her fingers still rubbing herself and him deliberately
        slowly fucking her, she knew she had to play along, "Yes, yes fuck me
      now, come on you wanted me so take me, fill me, just fuck me."   
No more than twenty hard thrusts and Will shot his load in to her.
      Trudy arched and squealed hoping she would convince the two boys she had
      cum.    
Will really didn't give a shit as he rolled off her, Trudy rolled
      her head and stared at the camcorder that Harry had fetched, with being
      forced to stare at Will all the time she hadn't seen him fetch it, he walked
      towards her still filming.   
&nbsp;    
"You enjoy that?" she bit her lip then realized he wanted an answer,
      the right answer, she meekly responded, "Yes."   
He asked, "You want to do it again?"   
She had no alternative, "Yes."   
Will took the camcorder, Harry climbed on top of her, "Just
      like before bitch and you will cum before me, same rules apply."   
As Will filmed, Harry fucked, she did cum, her body aroused from
      last time and her fingers working hard on her clit made sure Harry had
      as much fun as his brother.   
They both watched themselves on the little screen as Trudy
        lay on the bed still trying to come to terms with what she was being
        forced to do, suddenly Harry said, "O K bitch lets have you serve an
      early lunch before you serve us again this afternoon."   
Her body aching she made food, unable to eat herself she was made
      to stand in front of them while they did. They finished, told her to clean
      up later and marched her back in to the bedroom. She caught sight of Bobs
      picture as she knelt on the bed, she was sucking the cock in her mouth
      while another was pumping in to her ass, her mind screamed at her as she
      imagined him watching what she was being forced to do.    
The two boys fucked her until three. After they left she just lay
      on her bed, this very same bed that she made love to her Bob had now been
      defiled by two teenage boys, how would she ever lay there with Bob, all
      she would see is what they had done to her today.   
That's all she could see now, cocks being stuffed in her mouth,
      being sandwiched between the two of them as one took her cunt and the other
      took her ass, or kneeling as they double ended her, the way she had sat
      there and played with the two of them as they waited for her to pump their
      cocks hard making sure that when they came the juice splattered over her
      face and in to her mouth.   
Trudy sat up and looked in the mirror, her face was caked in sticky
      globs of cum, her hair was matted with it and her tits looked so sore,
      there and then she decided to pack her bags and stay at a hotel until Bob
      came back and those bastards were forced to go back to school.   
She stood in the shower; she heard Darlene and Olsen come back
      as she cleaned herself again and again, trying to get every bit of filth
      that had been pumped on her and in her. She was sore from scrubbing but
      at least she felt cleaner. The bedroom was next. Trudy stripped the bed
      and left it to wash while she set too cleaning the room.   
She could have been sick as she scrubbed the dried cum from the
      carpet, swearing at the things she had been through but eventually she
      stood and looked at the clean room, she showered again, put on some clean
      underwear and started to pack.   
Trudy knew she had to wait until the Morgan's had gone to bed so
      she had time to check every thing, get what little money she had and be
      ready.   
It was eight; she was packed but a little tired. Laying her dress
      out and putting her case ready, she lay on the bed for a little nap.    
"Going somewhere cunt?" Trudy woke with a start, "What the?" she
      stopped as she saw Harry with the case in his hand, suddenly, realizing
      she was only in her underwear she went to get off the bed.   
Before she could swing her legs over, Harry dropped the
        case and both boys jumped her. Forcing her over Will bent her arms up
        her back until she squealed in pain, Will growled, "Shut the fuck up
      cunt or I'll break them."   
Harry stuffed her head in to the pillow, "Shut it bitch
      or I'll give you something to cry about, Will what we gona do?"   
Will pressed Trudy in to the bed, "We got ten minutes before
        it finish's then the old cow will be checking on us so check the draws
      for ties and belts."   
Harry started through the draws, "What we doing?"   
Will said, "We will keep her here until we can get at her
      tomorrow, there's the belts and a tie, give them here."   
Harry threw the belts and ties at Will, then held Trudy's
        head, she tried to move but he pulled her head back and slapped it hard
      down again, "Keep fucking still."   
She groaned as Will tied her wrists with a tie, then a belt wound
      round her elbows, then two more fastened her ankles and knees.   
Harry let her go, " Shall I get the handcuffs?"   
 Will looked at him, "Dare'nt go back upstairs, there's
      some lengths of rope out by the bins, get them."   
Trudy started pleading, "Look I'm sorry, I won't go, just
      let me loose, I'll stay."   
Will pulled her around on to her back, she begged, "It
      hurts please, stop this."   
Will ignored her as Harry came back, grabbing the rope
        he wrapped one length around her waist capturing her arms before he threw
        the end at Harry, "Tie this to the mattress carrying handle," as Harry
      did Will did the same thing again tying it off his side.   
The boys moved down to her knees, Will tied an end to the bottom
      handle, slid the rope across wound it around her knees twice then past
      Harry the end to tie it off on the other handle.   
Trudy was held firm, she pleaded but they were in a hurry,
        Will looked down at her, "I wouldn't do any shouting if I were you, you would
      have a lot of explaining to do," he flicked the light out, she lay there
      in the dark as she heard the door shut.   
She struggled but it became obvious at a very early stage that
      the bindings were not going to move, she was held firm, a sob rose from
      her throat.   
It was ten minutes after Darlene and Olsen left that Trudy
        heard the door open, her eyes flicked up to the door, it was Harry, "Morning
      cunt, sleep well?"   
Trudy was in no position to answer back. Will strolled
        in, camcorder in hand, "Are we a little tied up at the moment?" he lifted the camera
      to his eye and panned up and down her bound body, he stopped looked at
      Harry, "Some sexy bondage stills would be nice."   
They untied the holding ropes and sat her up, Will knelt
      in front of her, "Need a piss?"   
Trudy nodded and waited for her legs to be untied but the boys
      had other ideas. They lifted her and almost dragged her to the bathroom,
      turned her, pulled her panties down and sat her on the toilet.   
Trudy said, "Please leave, I'll call when-------," Will
        smiled as the camcorder rose and started to film the helpless woman.
        Bound so tight and unable to do anything for herself Trudy realized nobody
      was moving and much to her disgust she let herself go.   
When she finished the boys moved back to her and pulled her up,
      much to her surprise they pulled up her pants before dragging her back
      in to the lounge.   
Harry took control, "Listen cunt do you want us to untie you?" Trudy
      meekly said, "Yes please."   
Harry continued, "Just a few sexy pose's from you and we
        will, now you just smile for the camera." 
  
  Standing in her own room, bound tightly Trudy started to smile at the
camera, doing as she was told until she saw the flash. Harry pushed her
back on to the settee and pulled her to be lying, "Come on bitch smile," she
  did, another flash.   
Will said, "Lets up it." Trudy didn't understand what he
        meant as Harry moved behind her, he pushed her back up, she moved so
        they could untie her. Before she had time to move away a knotted scarf
        wrapped around her face the knots ramming in to her mouth. She aagged
      and mmmaahhed but all the boys did was laugh; then Will took a picture.   
Next they laid her on the bed, taking more pictures of their struggling
      bound victim. They were giggling like the boys they were as Harry ripped
      off her pants, then they cut her bra off, he prodded her naked tits with
      the knife just to make her move around for the camera.   
The camera was finally put down, Harry laughed, "Don't
        she look sweet with that, please help me, look on what we can see of
      her face?"   
Will joined in the degrading of Trudy, "Real helpless, do you know
      all tied up and naked like that, she can't defend herself," he grinned
      at Trudy, "Can't do anything can you Wianright, your just ours to do with
      as we like."   
Trudy shook her head as the boys started to take their clothes.   
Harry was the first to get naked, "Back in a flash," he
        went out of the bedroom. Will finished undressing and sat beside Trudy,
        his hands enjoying the smooth contours of her breasts, his finger again
        attacked her nipples, pulling and pinching, all she could do was sit
        there and make silly noise's in the hope that as he was on his own he
      would take pity.   
She shrieked in to the gag as her eyes saw Harry came back, he
      was ripping open the cellophane that surrounded a new packet of plastic
      clothes pegs, Will watched him as he pulled the first of the twelve red
      clips off the cardboard and squeezed it open, he threw the rest of the
      packet at Will and went back to the kitchen.   
Trudy looked at the red pins on Wills knee and shook her
        head franticly, Will could see the panic in her eyes but all he did was
        give her his evil smile, "You shouldn't have tried to run out on us,
        naughty girls get punished, you know, just to make sure they don't do
      it again."   
Harry was back, water dripped from his hand as the ice cube started
      to melt. The peg in one hand the ice cube in the other he moved towards
      Trudy.    
Squealing in to the gag Trudy tried to shuffle back on the bed,
      all Will did was push her, the two momentum's lay her down on her bound
      arms, Harry was on the bed and straddled across her in a second.   
Trudy stared up at the two lust filled evil boys, her eyes
        wide as she watched Harry position his hand over her left breast, a droplet
      of freezing water slipped from between his fingers and splashed on her
      skin, Will laughed, "Better shot next time."   
Harry grinned at the helpless woman, snapping the clothes
        peg at her as he moved his hand around now letting the water drop from
        his fist, it splashed directly on her nipple. Immediately her nipple
        grew another drop, William bent over a flicked the erect bud, "Nice one bruv," another
      drop; Trudy's nipple was at full length.   
With pin-point procession Harry opened the peg and closed it around
      the protruding nipple, Trudy squealed and shook but it was new and held
      firm, very firm. Harry started the procedure again with the other nipple.   
Harry climbed off her as her body shook, fighting to remove the
      two pegs now squeezing mercilessly on her nipples but the shaking only
      lasted seconds as she froze, she felt fingers starting to pull at her cunt
      lips.   
Though her knees were tied the boys still had enough flesh to pull
      the lips open at the top, then giggling they attached one then another
      to the sensitive flesh, Trudy's body shook with pain, but they just got
      off the bed, standing beside the bed stroking their rapidly expanding cocks
      as they enjoyed watching the helpless female struggle.   
Harry nudged Will; "Next stage bruv is to get those lovely
      legs wide open and tied."    
Trudy kicked and turned trying to wriggle away from her tormentors
      but to no avail, soon she was staring up at two boys staring at her open
      cunt because she was on her back, her knees tied open to the two mattress
      handles.   
Harry left and returned, he knelt on the bed a cup full of ice
      in his hand. He took a piece and held it until the edges melted, then he
      inserted it up in to Trudy's open hole, waited until the heat of her cunt
      and melted it a little more then pushed another up. As Trudy thrashed at
      her bonds this procedure went on until Harry decided she was full.   
He handed Will pegs and the two of them set too and clipped more
      on to her exposed lips, Trudy shook, the ice had dulled the sensation but
      it still hurt.   
Harry made sure she could see he had two left, the first one clamped
      on to her tender hood capturing the most sensitive part of her cunt, then
      he slid up the bed, licked the tears on her cheeks and stared in to her
      face.   
She was breathing very heavy, but all he did was smile,
        saying, "At
      the moment your cunt is cold, but when those cubes melt, then you will
      feel those clips and they will hurt, just like this one," his hand came
      up and grabbed her jaw the other hand pushed the open peg over her nose,
      and with an evil grin let go.   
He got off the bed and stood by his brother, Will had the camera
      and was taking shoots from various angles, Trudy lay in panic. She had
      to concentrate, her only airway was to try and breath through the gag,
      her body starting to feel the pain between her legs, helpless and unable
      to defend herself she had to lay there and listen as Harry gave his demands.   
Like a headmaster talking to a naughty girl he started, "Right
      Wainright, we can do anything we want to your body, it is ours to play
      with, pain is your problem and to be honest I think, at this moment in
      time, you have a problem, nod if your getting all this."   
Trudy nodded, he continued, "You can't tell dickhead and
        you can't go anywhere, so any time we like we can take you, now you can
        either forget any thoughts of running out on us, you can do everything
      we demand and you will be here for us to fuck during all school breaks."   
Will butted in, "And anytime we get half an hour alone
with you."   
Harry nodded, "Goes with out saying, in plan English, you
        will be our sex slave, and you will get us cigs and booze and anything
        else we my need, generally you are our servant, and that means you serve
        our every wish or there's the other way, the painful way, you will be
      our sex slave anyway its just better if you do it willingly."   
Trudy could feel the pain between her legs increasing,
        getting unbearable. She looked at the boys and nodded, Harry could see
      her pain, smiling triumphantly he said, "I take it that means your willing?"   
Both went back to her, Harry took off the gag, immediately Trudy
      could speak she begged them to take the pegs off, with the peg still on
      her nose she sounded comical, the boys degraded her with laughter as they
      flicked their fingers at the nipple pegs.   
Harry eventually took the peg off her nose, "Say please
Harry."   
Trudy was in agony as she spluttered, "Please Harry take
them off."   
Harry was at his worst, "Take them off what?"   
Trudy could see from his face what trouble she was in, "Please
      Harry take them off my, eerr, my cunt."   
Like a kids game he flicked her nipple peg making her bite
      her lip, "And what shall we do with your cunt if we take the pegs off?"   
Trudy's mind went back to Tuesday and the thoughts she
        had on controlling these boys, how clever she thought she was going to
        be, now look at her, resigned to having to say," I want you to fuck me,
        your big cock is much better than those pegs, please take them off and
      fuck me."   
Will started to take the pegs off, as each one was removed the
      blood rushed back, Trudy knew she couldn't show her captors how much it
      hurt, so she smiled and tried to look sexy.   
As Will took the last one off her brought his hand up between
        her legs, slapping her cunt before squeezing hard, "How about me fucking
      you?"   
Squeezing her eyes shut against the pain Trudy nodded and
      forced the word, "Please, I'd like you to fuck me."   
The boys slowly enjoyed untying her. Trudy rubbed her sore
        wrists, as she did she moved to take the pegs off her nipples only to
        have her hands slapped away, "When we are ready to use your nipples we
      will remove them, as for now, lets use your head, open your mouth.   
The next five hours Trudy played the perfect sex slave, every wish
      or perversion the two boys wanted she granted, with her ass, cunt, mouth,
      hands and tits. They fucked her hard, the more pain, the more she moaned,
      the more they liked it.   
The fucking was relentless, even if the boys were resting she had
      to abuse herself, they had her put some of the pegs back on and fuck herself,
      they made sure she came before they allowed her to remove them, by then
      they would be ready to fuck her again. All the time they made her talk
      dirty, made her begged to be fucked Trudy just had to endure it, not matter
      what the forced her to do.   
It was ten to three, Trudy had been watching the clock tick to
      that magic time; she started to play exhausted, letting them drag her about
      like a dummy.   
She was over the sofa, Harry was fucking her ass and slapping it
      so hard but she never moved, didn't jump as he pinched her cunt. As Will
      got dressed, and started picking up all the things they had brought down,
      Harry was finishing his enjoyment off, he grunted as a little juice squirted
      in to Trudy's ass.   
She heard Will say, "You enjoying that, she don't seem
to be moving?"   
Harry slapped her ass again, "Yah, just got rid of another
        load, she's out of it, looks like we fucked the shit out of her, hope
      she wakes up in time for her old man to fuck her."   
Will let out a snort, "Stupid dick head bet he thinks she
        ain't been fucked this week and needs it, little does he know she's been
      fucked more times in a week by us than he has in a year."   
Then, as he picked up the camera Harry said it.    
"Put mums kit back properly this time, mum could have seen the
      bath panel wasn't screwed tight last time and put our stuff at the other
      end, she will never look in the same place for ours, she thinks we don't
      know, so lets keep it that way, oh fuck that was a good fuck," he slapped
      Trudy's ass again, she still never moved.   
He thrust two or three more times as he emptied the last
        drop in to her ass, yet another slap as he gloated over her, "Pity we
        got to go to aunt Thelma's and pick up Charlene tomorrow but there will
      be other fuck filled days to use this cute ass of hers."   
Harry pulled out of her, she just lay over the sofa and
        listened, "Well
      we got us some fuck toy, this is just what kids like us should have and
      I'm going to be fucking her every chance I get."   
Will was heading for the door, "Your right bruv, getting
        her to put her cunt out anytime was a master stroke, she can do nothing
      but let us do her any time we like."   
Harry laughed as he shut the door, "Yah our own convenience
      store, open all hours."   
Trudy dragged herself back to the bedroom and looked at the mess;
      then she staggered to bathroom and bathed her aching body. As she lay soaking
      her mind raced with thoughts that she knew where she could get her hands
      on everything, she could escape all of her problems, how was she going
      to relax this weekend.   
It was the worst weekend possible. After she had spent Friday putting
      the house and herself straight Bob came home late that night, she played
      the perfect wife, tenderly making love, the play acting was her best, trying
      to be happy as Bob drove his cock in to her but all she was getting flash
      backs of the week and seeing Harry and Will abusing her in every disgusting
      way.   
Saturday wasn't an easy day, a swim together, lunch, a run out
      in the afternoon and dinner on the way home, it had all seemed nice but
      her mind was on last weeks humiliation and the coming Monday.   
Sunday morning Darlene had bumped in to Bob and much to
        Trudy's disappointment ended up drinking with them before lunch. Darlene
        got her on her own in the kitchen, she squeezed her ass, "Hope you had
        a nice rest last week and don't let Bob fuck you up this time, I will
      need my comfy chair soon."   
Finally it was Monday morning, she had fussed around getting Bob
      ready for the off, after all the hassle he was finally gone, she listened,
      the house was silent.   
She had still got the spare key to the upstairs apartment, she
      thought she would never need it but how wrong could she be.   
She changed in to a pair of tight shorts and a halter top, put
      on white bobby socks and tied her hair back, right she was ready.   
Trembling she climbed the stairs, the key fitted, she was in. She
      knew exactly where the bathroom was. Clutching the bag containing the screwdriver
      she pushed in to the room, she stood transfixed staring at the bath panel,
      she snapped out of it and got down on her knees.   
The screws came out easily; she pulled the panel away, there on
      the floor were, two disc's, handcuffs, vibrators and that harness. She
      looked to the other end, neatly pushed to the back were the photos, the
      other disc and undeveloped cartridges.   
Trudy started to put all the things in to the bag; she
        picked up the panel and was just about to fit it back when a hand hit
        her shoulder, "What
      the fuck are you doin in my house Wainright?" Trudy's head swung round,
      her eyes stared at Olsen, he was naked apart from a pair of boxers and
      his large fat frame was blocking her way out.   
His foot took the place of his hand as he shoved Trudy
        to the floor, he grabbed the bag and looked inside, Trudy struggled to
        get away, but he shoved hard down knocking the wind out of her, "You stay put, what the
      fuck, disc's, dildo's and photos, get your ass in the other room bitch
      and don't move until I tell you, I like the thought of a pretty woman for
      a bit of company today, could do wonders for this migraine," he bent down
      and with effortless ease yanked her up, "So lets have a look at what's
      on these disc's that's so important to you.   
To be continued   
 Pagan.   
Copyright  Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 A continuing story by Pagan.   
&nbsp;    
   Maid for the family album.   
Part four.   
Trudy stumbled in to the lounge, the big hand gripping
        her shoulder bent her to the sofa and slammed her on to it, "Sit there
      and don't fucking move until I find out why your in here robbing my house."   
The "Look I can explain," that spluttered from Trudy met with the
      threat of a backhander as Olsen yelled at her, "I'm the fucking master
      in this house, you are the intruder," he bent closer, his fat stomach almost
      touched her, "You do as your told or you can do your explaining to the
      police."   
Trudy's heart jumped at the mention of police, the thought of outsiders
      watching the disc's and the involvement of Bob, she sank back, her brain
      racing at this new problem.   
He went to the back of the computer, took a wire and fitted it
      to the back of the T V. Looking in the bag he pulled out a disc, inserted
      it in the computer draw.    
He looked at the frightened Trudy then strode to the door
      and locked it, looking back he grinned, "Wouldn't do for us to be disturbed."   
Picking up the remote he pointed it at the T V, a blue empty screen
      filled Trudy's eyes. She watched this enormous fat lump of a man walk to
      the computer; his fat long fingers punched a button.   
The screen burst in to life and there was Trudy wriggling her naked
      ass as she put on that horrid harness, he fast-tracked the disc forward,
      watching as she gyrated around with the dildos pumping in her, Olsen could
      tell they were making her horny.   
Well, well Mrs. Wainright you're a kinky lady when your
      hubby ain't home, or is it him making the movie, lets look at the next."   
Trudy tried to stop him, "Yes, yes that's it, its Bob there's
        been a mistake and I'd hidden them up here before you arrived, that's
      it, I just wanted them back."   
Olsen slapped her away from him with one hand as he changed
        discs with the other. After pressing the button he sat back, he soon
        moved forward again as he saw Trudy standing with her legs open and that
        little man fingering her cunt, "Your husbands a bit open minded isn't
        he, you want me to think he puts his beautiful wife out for anybody to
      fuck, I don't think so."    
As he talked he fast-forwarded the disc, he frightened
        Trudy as he yelled, "Ohhhh yes now your doin the business," he was staring
      at her on her knees as she sucked the little mans cock.   
Trudy buried her head in her hands, "Please stop, don't
      look at any more, I told you it's a mistake."   
Olsen ignored her as he slowed the track down to slow motion,
        his eyes were glued to the screen watching the cock slip slowly in and
      out of Trudy's mouth, "Now that's my kind of a mistake."   
Trudy was now sobbing again, Olsen didn't bother he was to busy
      changing that disc for the next as he sat back Trudy pleaded with him not
      to, she remembered what was on this disc.   
Too late, the screen filled with Darlene fucking her with
        a dildo, Olsen turned and laughed at her, "Before we came, yah, you and
        my wife, no wonder you been doing the shopping, I think I know what's
        going on here, she's got you by the cunt, she will tell Bob things you
      don't want him to know if you don't do as your told, right?"   
Trudy sobbed in to her hands, Olsen looked at the screen watching
      his wife turn and bend over the nicely trimmed cunt before bending and
      starting to lick the dildo filled hole, he left it running but his interest
      turned to the pathetic sobbing woman sitting beside him.   
He let her sob, her face covered by her hands, Trudy wasn't looking
      at him as his eyes traveled to her legs. He licked his lips as he looked
      at the naked shapely legs, her thighs fat and well shaped as they disappeared
      in to the white shorts. A little glimpse of skin between the top of the
      shorts and the bottom of her top and then the fully filled top, her nipples
      showing thick and long as her upper body shook.   
He looked at the T V, the two women were in a frenzied 69, the
      sight of Trudy's cunt jumping under Darlene's active tongue, he looked
      at his own shorts, there was a large bulge, he put his hand on Trudy's
      knee.   
She looked up at him, then down to her knee, he patted
        it, "There,
      there stop crying its getting on my nerves," still with his hand on her
      knee he looked at her, "Stop me if I'm wrong but you don't want Bob to
      find out about this little lot do you?"   
She shook her head; he smiled, "Now I have all there is
      to have, yes?"   
A little, "Yes."   
He rubbed her leg a little higher, "So I will be looking
        after them from now on, and only I will know where they are, you understand
      that?"   
Another little, "Yes."   
A smile was on his face, "And you certainly don't want
      Bob to find them, do you?"   
Shaking her head he heard the panic in her voice, "No,
      no please no, he doesn't deserve my stupidity."   
His hand was now on her thigh, "He just doesn't deserve
        you, I reckon he's a boring dickhead but he does have a beautiful wife,
        that's the only reason I come down for a drink, I get to look at you
        or should I say try and get a look up your skirt or catch a glimpse of
      some well hard tit"   
Trudy tried to brush away his hand but he was far to strong,
        he grabbed her wrist and held it tight, he looked at the screen, "Don't
      get shirty with me just look at you on the tele."   
She didn't want to look, she had seen it, she knew it was
        her laying on her back totally naked being caressed by Darlene but Olsen
        knew he had the upper hand, "Didn't need to try and get a look did I,
      my Mrs. had pictures of all of you up here all the time."   
Trudy winced as he tightened his grip, "Please Olsen, let
      me have them."   
Olsen had a hand free, he grabbed the bulge in his trousers, "I
      don't know about letting you have them but I sure as hell am going to let
      you have this."   
Trudy shrank back, "No, no, please have mercy."   
Olsen dragged her over him, she tried to fight but he was far to
      strong, she found herself across his knee, an incredible slap on her ass
      knocked the wind out of her, while she fought for breath he hit her again
      and again, Trudy had never been hit so hard.   
She screamed, "No more please don't hit me, I'm begging
      you no more."   
Olsen rammed his fingers in to the back of her shorts and lifted
      her about six inch's before sliding her back until her face was hanging
      above his bulge.    
His other hand grabbed a handful of hair and forced her
        to look at the bulge, "Listen bitch, think of the options, you either
      blow your marriage or you blow my cock."   
Trudy's hair felt as if it was being torn from her scalp,
        she looked at the bulge in his boxers, Darlene's words, "Like a baby's arm," echoed
      in her mind; her little fists came up as she tried to fend him off.   
Olsen was immensely powerful; her head was turned and rammed in
      to his fat sweaty stomach, he pushed her so hard she was powerless to move.   
As the fat flesh covered her mouth and nose she heard him
        say, "I
      told you I'm the fucking master in this house," she could hear him but
      she couldn't breath.   
Her fist's pummeled him but to no avail, she tried to bite but
      she was held to tight, the fight was going out of her, she could feel the
      dizziness from lack of oxygen swirling over her. The last thing Trudy remembered
      was the pain in her lungs as she lapsed in to unconsciousness.    
Her head cleared, she was sitting up, she opened her eyes slowly,
      her vision blurred she was trying to take in what had happed, her hair
      was over her face, she moved to push it back, but her arms couldn't, a
      voice made her jump.   
She blinked, her blurred vision cleared. Sat, grinning
        beside her was Olsen, "I didn't think I'd need those cuffs but as they were there," she
      looked at the way he was holding his hand, something blue was between his
      thumb and finger.   
She stuttered, "I, I eemm."   
Olsen, still in his authoritive voice looked at the object, "I
      bought a bottle off a mate at work, he swears by them, with my Mrs. I've
      never fancied using them, but with Bobs Mrs., now that's a different ball
      game, viagra," he put it in his mouth, "He says it takes about half and
      hour, maybe less, but enough time for you and me to it acquainted."    
Trudy struggled to stand; Olsen just sat back and watched
        her as she made for the door, "You look ridiculous, what do you think
        you are going to do, you can't get out, if you did you would be stuck
        in those cuffs until, god knows when and for some-one who can't say anything
      about how you got like this, your just fucking dumb."   
She stood cowering by the door, tears running down her
        face; Olsen stood and moved towards, "In a hurry to get to the bedroom
      are we?"   
Trudy shook her head, "No, Olsen no."   
He towered over her, "To late," his huge hands grabbed the halter
      top and shredded it from her body, "Fucking hell, I wish my cow had udders
      like yours, no bra but still sitting up and begging to be milked."   
Trudy tried to move but he grabbed her hair and slammed
        her head back on the door, she groaned in pain. His hand moved, covering
        her breast, squeezing until her knees buckled, "You want to fight me
      little lady, I'll love that."   
Still holding her hair his hand dropped from her breast as he turned
      his attention to the buttons on her shorts, one by one he worked his way
      down, flicking them off as he ground his fist in to her crotch.   
With just one hand he easily pulled the shorts down, not bothering
      doing the same with the white skimpy pants he decided to have more fun
      ripping them from her body, listening to Trudy squeal as the material dig
      in to her tender flesh before tearing away.    
She stumbled as he dragged her towards the door, the white
        shorts left on the floor behind her. He dragged her in to his bedroom,
      grinning as he threw her on the bed, "Recognize this?"   
Trudy tried to scramble away, pushing her heels in to the bed,
      Olsen laughed at the vain attempted.   
 She pleaded, "No, don't do this," he still carried on laughing, "And
      what you gona do about it, tell weedy Bob, big Olsen raped you, with what
      I have to show him, who's he gona believe, his faithful wife or his mate
      from upstairs," Olsen put on a silly voice, "She screamed rape when I told
      her I had to tell you what your wife was doing, but just you look at these
      pictures of the slut you married."   
As Olsen laughed Trudy sobbed on the bed, naked, her hands cuffed
      behind her she knew she was defeated and it was of her own making, she
      just dissolved in to tears. When she looked up she gave a startled cry,
      Olsen had his boxers off and his fist held the biggest cock Trudy could
      have ever imagined.   
He walked up to the side of the bed, "Seems like it works,
        lets just use what you got to see how long it works, I got all day and
      you ain't goin nowhere."   
She almost screamed at him, "No, my god no," but all Olsen did
      was grab her ankles and drag her down the bed until she was sat on the
      edge of bed, his hand gripping her hair, her face staring straight at it, "Now
      lets see how much of it I can stuff in that pretty mouth of yours."   
Trudy shouted, "I can't do it, I won't let you."   
Olsen took a step back, his hand swung out and a vicious slap stung
      her left breast, before she had time to react his left hand swung stinging
      her right, then her left again, She screamed at him to stop.   
Olsen grabbed her hair again, "I fucking told you enough
        times I'm master of this house and your tied up and your body is made
        for fucking and I'll belt you until I'm fucking it so open your fucking
      mouth while I use it for all its fucking worth."    
Choking as she was crying Trudy opened her mouth, Olsen's
        hand came back, "Further than that cunt I want to fuck your mouth not
      prod at it."   
She opened her mouth as far as she could and watched as this huge
      piece of male meat aimed at it.   
Her eyes bulged as the head pushed in between her lips, her mouth
      was stretching as wide as possible but Olsen was still having to push.   
Trying not to gag, breath and tongue this monster in her mouth
      was taking every bit of concentration Trudy could achieve, she had to tickle
      the thing with her tongue, she feared if she didn't he would ram it further
      in, the viagra induced rape had him rampant.   
As her mouth tried to accommodate the huge cock her eyes
        looked up in to the lust filled face, he was grinning at her, "What's
        it like to have a man sized cock in your mouth, don't look to me as though
      your used to a good fucking, Bob got any meat?"    
He laughed and thrust a bit deeper in to her mouth, "I
        bet if you saw my boys cocks they would be bigger than his, maybe I should
        let them have some fun with you, a good looking piece of cunt like you
      would be nice for the boys to practice on."    
Trudy hated him and his family, if she told him the boys had already
      used her he would just laugh and hope she'd given them a good time. With
      thinking, she had stopped concentrating, she suddenly choked, he pulled
      out, she saw his cock was still huge and hard.   
He helped himself to her hair and shook it, "Listen cunt,
        you know I'm gona spend the a few hours fucking you, now I can hurt you,
        I like playing rough with women while I fuck them or I like them to do
      as their told."   
He squeezed her nipples making her squirm, "I'm gona take those
      cuffs off and your gona sit on this pole and fuck me and that's just for
      starters, if you don't I'll belt you around, cuff you again and fuck you
      my way," squeezing her nipple harder he lent forward, "I love to hear them
      scream."   
With her mouth so sore Trudy could only whisper, "Don't
      hurt me, I'll do anything but please don't hurt me."   
Olsen stood, Trudy flinched as his hard cock smacked the
        side of her mouth; he moved over a picked up the key, "Turn around," she
      did.   
Olsen unlocked the cuffs, put them on the bedside cabinet
        and quickly grabbed the back of Trudy's hair. He pulled her back on the
        bed and started to slobber all over her mouth, forcing his tongue inside.
        He pulled off and grinned at her, "Your mouth taste's nice how about
      I try the other hole?"   
In fear of what he might do Trudy lay on her back with her legs
      open and let Olsen do what he liked. He got between her legs and started
      attacking her cunt. First he licked at her, then his thumbs held her lips
      open while he stuck his tongue up further, then she found her legs over
      his shoulders as he slavered even further up her.   
&nbsp;    
When he stopped he threw her legs open and rose his huge
        frame up, "You're wet enough to slide down the pole." Grabbing her arm
        he yanked her up, in one movement he lay down dragging her on top Trudy
      could see he was still as hard and still as rigid.   
Knowing the alternative Trudy straddled him and slowly,
        painfully lowered herself on to the rampant pole. It filled her to the
        point she cried out, Olsen just laughed, "The quicker you get bouncing the quicker
      your cunt will juice up," he put his hands up and mauled her breast's, "No
      need to play the faithful wife with me you just enjoy it."   
Slowly her body lubricated her, it was so big, never had anything
      filled her so much or touched to many place's, she humped up and down,
      humiliation knew no bounds her body had learnt so much in the last few
      weeks, now a new sensation was filling her.   
Unable to stop it she was forced in to a climax, Olsen grinned
      as she writhed on his cock, he laughed in her face as she squealed and
      cried out as her cunt coated his cock with juice.   
She shuddered and stopped, a quick slap on her left breast
        brought her to heel, his instruction left no don't that it was a command, "You
      ain't finished yet, keep your cunt moving I'm getting a taste for you fucking
      me."   
He wouldn't let her stop, he made sure of that by slapping
        her tits every time she slowed down, she came twice more before she finally
      felt him explode inside her. Never had so much cum been pumped in to her,
      as he pulled her off she could feel it oozing from her expanded hole. Trudy
      lay at the side of him, but not for long, "Don't just fucking lay there,
      get it back in your mouth."   
Trudy looked down; to her horror his cock hadn't changed
        it was still long and hard. His hand reached for her hair, she stopped
        him, "No,
      no I'll do it."   
&nbsp;    
Her mouth took the huge cock back in, Olsen laid back and just
      let her pleasure him and for the next four hours that's all that Trudy
      did.   
Olsen enjoyed the beautiful housewife, especially fucking her ass
      with his huge permanently erect cock, screwing until she cried out. Unable
      to fight him she had no option but to endure it, every thing he did she
      forced herself to except.    
Her cunt, ass and mouth took his cock, her hands played with the
      fat sack between his legs; he had her lick his ass and let him fuck off
      between her tits, laughing at her as he came all over her face.    
At three-o-clock she barely made it down stairs, once through her
      door her cum soaked body racked with pain surrendered and slumped on her
      lounge floor.   
The evening phone call from Bob was not as she planned, instead
      of feeling happy that she had destroyed everything she was now in deeper
      trouble, play acting and laughing as Bob told her of his day as she lied
      about hers.   
To her surprise nobody bothered her that night nor the following
      day. She thanked god that her body had been allowed to repair itself, the
      pain in her pelvic area subsided; she even managed a swim after she had
      convinced herself that all the Morgan's were out.   
On Wednesday Trudy did a little shopping and attempted the housework
      but her mind was else where, how could she rid herself of the hold Olsen
      had on her.   
It was about six, Trudy watched the Morgan's go out, she was not
      only surprised but happy unfortunately she didn't hear the car come back
      at ten.   
Trudy was just thinking about going to bed; she was just about
      to take off her skirt and blouse and put them in the wash when Olsen and
      Darlene marched through the door.    
Trudy was confused, what was Olsen doing with Darlene,
        she was so drunk but he seemed sober, "Evening Wianright, don't mind
        us dropping in, you know my wife, of course you do you have had her cunt
        in your mouth often enough well she's pissed and I'm pissed off, its
        time for you to answer a few fucking questions and if I get one lie,
      you get the whopping of a life time."   
Olsen took Darlene by the arm and slung her on the settee, "Wianright,
      you sit next to her and remember no lies, you know I would love stinging
      that cute ass of yours."   
Trudy trembled with the fear she knew what Olsen liked and he just
      wanted to do it to her.   
Olsen stood opposite to her, Darlene lolled about giggling,
        Olsen looked at the two women, "You think about the last few weeks and
      get ready to tell me everything, I'll get her more drink."   
He went to the kitchen, poured a large wine and returned,
        as he handed it to Darlene he smiled at the fear in Trudy's face, "Drink
      this dear, Trudy and me have a date with the truth."   
Olsen set the camcorder, aiming it at Trudy then he sat
        looking at her, "O K lets start at the beginning, why were you sucking
      the guy off?"   
Trudy looked at Olsen, she could see his eyes crawling over her,
      scanning her, looking at her legs, she smoothed her skirt down trying to
      cover her knees she knew he was mentally undressing her, she even refrained
      from taking a deep breath for fear of pushing her braless tits out.   
She swallowed, "He was going to take this house from me,
        we, eerrr, we owed money, your cheque hadn't gone through and Bobs monthly
        pay cheque and bonus were, eerr, held up, he was going to foreclose on
      the loan, eerrr."   
Olsen snapped, "Cut the eerrrs and get on with it."   
 Trudy jumped, "Yes eerr, oh sorry, he said he would give
        me a months breather but only if he could have some fun with me, he wanted
        to put his hand up my skirt, believe me I didn't want him to but he left
        me no choice, I stood there and let him play with me but he wasn't satisfied
      with that, he wanted my breast's then he had me naked and he demanded I
      knelt before him and sucked him until he came in my mouth, I had to swallow
      it, it was horrid."   
Olsen grinned, "Yah, yah I bet it was, you looked as though
      you were enjoying it."   
Trudy protested, "No he made me smile."   
Olsen said, "Yah, and I thought it was the length of meat
      in your mouth that made you smile still what ever, what about the disc?"   
Darlene giggled, "She was to busy getting off on being
        face fucked to notice me, I got Charlene's little toy, and I captured
      the moment."   
Olsen smiled, then grunted and put his hand on his crotch, "Mmmm
      now I take it form what she's told me, you and her had a good time after
      she revealed she had you by the cunt, making you her maid, yes?"    
Darlene giggled, "Oohh yes we had a good fuck, she was
      hot for it, sucks cunt real good now, don't you my little chair?"   
Olsen laughed, "Why chair?"   
Darlene moved over and kissed Trudy's face, "Because I sit on her
      mouth so she can get her tongue right up my cunt, she just loves having
      and giving a good tonguing," she put her hand on Trudy's knee, "Don't you,
      my cunt sucking chair?"   
Trudy flinched and tried to but her hand against Darlene's. In
      her drunken stupidity, Darlene giggled and grabbed at her other knee.   
Olsen made both of them jump as he yelled, "Stop fucking
      about Wainright, put your hands by your side."   
Trudy looked at him, he stood, "Look at me like that again
      and I'll knock that fucking look off, put your hands by your side,"   
Trudy immediately obeyed, "And while your at it open your legs," she
      parted her knees slightly, he was still stood, "When I sit down I better
      be able to see it all, open your fucking legs, I can make you make as much
      noise as I like, we left the kids at Thelma's so we won't be disturbed."   
Trudy opened her legs, Darlene started to kiss her face
        as her hand circled around Trudy's inner thighs, Olsen sat, "My stupid
        bitch says she hasn't shown you that harness, yet we know you have had
      your pleasure with it, who was on the other end of that camcorder?"   
Darlene's hand slid up between the open thighs, Trudy jumped
        as fingers traced along her panties, "Gets you hot, them pumping cocks,
        bet you came, bet your cunt was really wet, it was the last time I fucked
      your pretty cunt with one."   
Olsen shouted, "Just play with her cunt, I'll do the talking," he
      looked at Trudy, "I'm waiting, who was it?"   
Trudy squirmed as fingers probed at her slit, the look
      in Olsen's face forced her to carry on, "The twins found it all."   
Olsen laughed, "The little bastards."   
Darlene giggled and pushed her fingers inside Trudy's pants
      tickling the folds of flesh, "So the boys had some with this?"   
Olsen smiled, "Tell me all about it, I mean all and remember
      no lies."   
Darlene bent her head and started licking Trudy's blouse right
      over the nipple while she continued to play with her cunt.   
Trudy struggled to concentrate on Olsen's order, "It was
        the Tuesday of the half term, they broke in here, when I tried to get
        rid of them they showed me the discs, told me they would show them to
      Bob if I didn't entertain them."   
Olsen laughed, "Entertain them that's a good word for letting
        them fuck you, still carry on, oh yes and undo your blouse and let her
      get at your tits."   
Trudy started at the bottom and slowly undid her blouse,
        Olsen was getting annoyed, "I said carry on the story; you just need
      your hands not your mouth, well not yet."   
Trudy shuddered at the last remark but carried on, "They
        said they just wanted to photograph me modeling that harness and that
        if I did that would be that, I did what they asked but the things were
        to much for me, I tried to take it off but they grabbed me and used the
      handcuffs, they wouldn't stop the things."   
Olsen grinned, "By things you mean the two plastic cocks
        fucking you and they got you going, be honest you were enjoying the fucking,
        like your are enjoying her fingers up your cunt now, your nipples are
      really hard."   
Trudy was quick to say, "No, no it wasn't like that, I,
      ahh, I didn't like it, aahh."   
Olsen could see her squirming but he wanted more, "Go on."   
Trudy thought, must get this over with and quickly, "They
        stripped me and made me suck them both off, it took an hour of sucking
        one then the other before they came in my mouth then they left, but they
        came back on the Wednesday. I tired to keep the door barricaded but they
        slid stills of me with the man and Darlene, also me with the harness
        on, they said they would do the same when Bob was home, I had to let
      them in, aaahhh."   
Darlene was really working on her, fingers were right up
        her cunt, she was getting hot and Olsen could see it, "Let her up Darlene," For
        the first time Trudy smiled, Olsen had stopped the attack on her body,
      she stood.   
Olsen smiled at the relief on her face before he said, "Take
      your clothes off, Darlene getting horny so she needs you naked."   
She was about to speak but she knew this had all been planned she
      was a prisoner in her own home and they could do what they liked to her,
      she peeled off her clothes.   
She was naked, she turned to sit down, Olsen stopped that, "Stay
      on your feet, face me, open your legs and put your hands on your head."   
Defeated she stood as ordered, in horror she watched Olsen
        put a blue tablet in his mouth, he grinned and nodded, first to Darlene
        then to Trudy. Now she was panicking, she had nowhere to run she had
        to continue with the story of her ordeal, "They spent all day on the Wednesday fucking
      me, they, aahhh," suddenly Darlene's head went between Trudy's legs, her
      mouth slavard all over the open, defenseless hole.   
Olsen just looked at Trudy and shrugged his shoulders; "She
      told me she likes your cunt so she can have it, for now."   
Trudy tried to hide a sob, her body was shaking now but
      all Olsen did was nod at her again, "You were saying?"   
"They used me all day, they made me cook for them and then
        they made me pretend they were my husband, I, aah, ahh, had to beg them
      to fuck me."   
Trudy's hips jumped, Olsen slapped his hand a couple of
        times on the chair arm, Trudy tried again to finish, "I made up my mind
        to run away to a, aahh, hotel. I'd packed and was ready but they had
        exhausted me, I fell asleep, they caught me and tied me to the bed, they
        left me there all night until you had gone to the plant, then they came
        back and tortured me with ice cubes and paaaaegs, oohh, until I agreed
      that they could do anything they wanted to me."   
Darlene got up and stood, Olsen looked at her, "You may
        as well get naked, then give her tits a going over, I think our story
      is coming to a close."   
As Darlene stripped he asked Trudy, "Still doesn't explain
      how you found the stuff."   
Trudy tried to explain but she had only got as far as, "They used
      me all day, so---," when Darlene started back at her, bending, sucking
      her nipples and fingering her between her open thighs.   
"So I, aahh, oh stop, no, aah. So I played unconscious
        and as they finished abusing me Harry told Wi, aahh, ill about fix, ah,
      fixing the bath panel, please stop."   
Olsen laughed, "And the rest is history, tell you what, why don't
      you ladies move the furniture back and get in to a nice 69 for me, I fancy
      seeing your neatly trimmed cunt licked?" he saw the look on Trudy's face, "Or
      I could have you bent in another position and use my belt on your pretty
      little ass, what do you think?"   
He got up and moved the settee back. Darlene grabbed Trudy
        and dragged her to the floor, following her down, pinning her with her
        weight as she covered her mouth with hers, Olsen watched them, "That's it Darlene,
      go for it, enjoy the bitch," he turned, repositioned the camcorder to catch
      the women on the floor and headed for the door, "I know I'm going to."   
He returned as Darlene was working her way down Trudy's
        body. Her mouth closed over a nipple as her fingers drove up between
        the open legs, he smiled as he saw Trudy, her eyes closed her breathing
        heavy, "Come on
      Darlene get her cunt juiced up, lets have some fun tonight, as I promised
      you we are both going to be fucking with the lovely Mrs. Wainright," he
      dropped the harness out of sight.   
Trudy moaned, "No, not again," Olsen walked back to his chair, "O
      K Darlene I've got my chair, lets shut her up let me see you use your chair."   
Darlene didn't need telling twice she swung herself round and pinned
      Trudy to the carpet. She smacked Trudy's legs apart and drove her tongue
      back in to the wet slit.   
Trudy tried to argue, Darlene parted her thighs and dropped
        her cunt on to the protesting mouth. Olsen sniggered as all he could
        hear from below Darlene wide hips were, "MMMhhoomm," and "Aaaahhggmmmm," he humiliated
      Trudy with cat-calls, "The faster you suck and lick her cunt the quicker
      she comes and the quicker she will take that rug out your mouth but look
      on the bright side at least your getting a tongue fucking as well."   
Both women went at each others holes; Darlene slurped and sucked
      excitedly, Trudy just trying to get her to cum, whilst trying not to herself
      but she need not have worried Olsen had other plans.   
The big man stood, moved forward and dragged Darlene up.
        As he pushed her to kneel he grabbed Trudy and positioned her the same,
        grabbing two handfuls of hair, "O K ladies lets see some kissing, tit
        rubbing and finger fucking each others cunts, then I'll add a little
      bonus."   
Olsen stood back he giggled as Darlene grabbed the back
        of Trudy's head and slammed her forward, mashing her mouth in to hers.
        Her other hand slipping back between the open thighs, "You can be a greedy
      cunt when your want to be, but she is gorgeous."   
Trudy knew the consequences of not doing what Olsen wanted, her
      hand went in to the mass of hair as she tried to get breath enough to kiss
      back, Olsen was loving the power he had over the two women.   
He watched and waited, he let the two women work on each other;
      he knew Darlene would finger fuck Trudy to an excitable level, Darlene
      was already hot. As soon as Trudy was breathing heavy again he dropped
      his trousers, his steel hard viagra stimulated cock stood out long and
      fat, he walked over to the panting women.   
Grabbing each head he rammed the hard meat between the
      slobbering mouths, "Feast on that bitches,"    
The fact that Olsen was now involving himself was another threat
      to Trudy, she had learnt that not giving him pleasure was a sure sign that
      he would give her pain, she sucked, licked and kissed up and down the huge
      meat, surely if she got them both to cum they would go, she doubled her
      efforts.   
Olsen grabbed one head and then the other driving his cock in to
      each mouth while forcing the other to his balls, occasionally slipping
      it away so the girls could tongue each other.    
As he drove his length in to Trudy's mouth she heard Darlene
        say, "Olsen
      honey you promised and I need a fucking."   
His eyes slid to Trudy as he grinned while saying, "Yah O K lets
      see her do it." Before Trudy could move Darlene thrust herself forward,
      forcing Trudy down on to her back, she pinned her there, her face almost
      touching hers, "Enjoy my husband fucking you, I told you he had a big cock,
      enjoy it stuck up your little tight cunt, makes a change to have a man
      fucking you instead of that little worm your old mans got, can't even see
      it in his pants."   
Having to contend with Darlene's remarks she never saw
        Olsen move behind the sofa, suddenly her legs were gripped and pulled
        up and bent back over the back of Darlene, Darlene turned and immediately
        held them. Trudy felt fingers on her exposed ass, she was being opened
        something was pushing in, something long, hard and plastic, then the
        same thing was happening to her cunt, she screamed, "No," but two hard,
      stinging slaps silenced her protest.   
In the position she was in Trudy had no chance, she was dragged
      to her feet before the harness was secured. Olsen roughly shoved his hand
      between her legs and switched both plastic dildos on to high; then he let
      her go.   
Trudy gasped, she was already wet and she knew this would make
      her worse; Olsen stood waving the other one, waiting for her to fit it
      to the front.   
She took it, Olsen grabbed her by her tits, "Good girl,
        screw it on and screw her, you know the rules by now, we cum then you
      cum, Darlene get on your knees and bend over."   
The twin fucking that Trudy was getting was already making her
      very wet, she knew it wouldn't be long before she had her first humiliating
      climax.   
Staring at the wiggling ass bent in front of her she dropped
        to her knees and pushed the plastic cock in to the mass of hair, Darlene's
      hand came from between her legs and guided it in to her cunt, "Fuck me
      bitch, I like it hard."   
As Trudy started to pump in to Darlene Olsen straddled
        over his wife, looking down at Trudy, "Just keep fucking her but as your
      mouth is doing nothing, suck this."   
Olsen stuck his fat cock in to the reluctant open mouth Trudy knew
      she had to take it, sucking as much as she could as she tried to thrust
      as fast as she could, she felt her hips banging in to Darlene's ass.    
That was the trouble, as her hips rocked so the cocks stuck
        up her ass and cunt moved, she couldn't help it she was cuming and Olsen
        was enjoying her sucking mouth, "You suck great cock when your being
        fucked, you won't mind if I bring some of my mates over, I reckon you'll
      be great when we give you a gang bang in every hole."   
She climaxed, slowing slightly as she did, a quick thrust of hard
      cock in her mouth reminded her she wasn't finished yet.   
Two more climaxes's racked through Trudy's body before Darlene
      finally came, splattering juice all over the plastic cock. Olsen moved
      behind Trudy and held her arms, Darlene turned and unscrewed the cock,
      then stuffed it in Trudy's mouth and grinned at her as she twisted it and
      turned it forced her to suck it clean.   
Her torment wasn't finished. Olsen pulled her up and in to the
      bedroom, Darlene took off the harness before Trudy was slung on her back
      on the bed. She stifled a cry as he knelt between her legs, grabbed her
      legs and dragged her cunt on to his cock.   
He pumped himself in to her, she tried to fight him but could only
      watch in horror as Darlene got on to the bed and straddled her face; her
      wet cunt covered the panting mouth. Olsen and Darlene smiled at each other
      as they ground their hips in to their reluctant new plaything.   
Olsen screwed her cunt hard, squeals of protest from under
        his wife's cunt just made him worse, "How's your chair dear, working hard I
      hope?" Darlene played along with him, "Could be better."   
 Olsen slammed in to her cunt as hard as possible, "Tongue
      her out bitch, and make sure she cums in your mouth."   
It took Trudy another ten minutes of agony before she made both
      of them fill her; she swallowed the juice from Darlene's cunt as Olsen
      fucked her full at the other end.   
As she lay painfully on her own bed she could hear them moving
      around her home, she prayed they would go, but that wasn't to be, they
      had both poured themselves drinks before coming back.   
It was four in the morning when Olsen and Darlene went back to
      their apartment. Trudy lay in her cum soaked bed, wet form urine that had
      been pissed over her, up her cunt and in her mouth. Her cunt stretched
      from the four times Olsen had cum up it, her ass sore from his perverted
      use of it, her face stung from the sticky wet juice that she had been forced
      to lick out of Darlene's cunt.   
Trudy was still there as she heard them leave in the morning; it
      wasn't until ten that she struggled out of the mess. She bathed, dressed
      and staggered back in to the bedroom. Again the wash machine cleaned away
      the filth, she picked up the other trash they had left behind, put it in
      the sack and went to the bin.   
She arrived just as the cart arrived the driver looked
        at her, he turned to his mate, "That one looks like she was well fucked last night," his
      mate lent over to look, "Lucky bastard I could sure give that one a mouthful
      of mine."   
Suddenly there was a bang, the cart caught the side panel
        around the bins, all she got was a, "Sorry love," as they emptied the
      bins and drove away.   
She looked at the damage. There in between the panels was a package,
      Trudy bent and opened it, there, in the bottom were all the photos and
      discs.   
She threw them in to the bin, grabbed paper and threw a match in
      after, laughing hysterically as it all burnt.    
She put a letter in Olsen's box, Sorry to tell you the bin panel
      got broke so Bob will fix things from now on, she made sure that he knew
      what she meant.   
Much to her delight things were very cold between them and her
      neighbors in fact they didn't speak. It had been two weeks since she had
      ended her hell, life was normal, she was so happy.   
It was the Tuesday around ten when there was a knock on the door,
      gone were her days of fear, she looked through the spy hole, it was Charlene,
      she opened the door.   
"Oh hello Charlene, what are you doing home?"   
Charlene pushed her way in, "Its like this Mrs. Wainright,
      I feel horny."   
Trudy spluttered out, "I beg your pardon, that's no way
      for a girl of your age to speak."   
Charlene dropped her school bag on the sofa and sat on
        the arm, "You
      see I found my camcorder and used the memory pack in the computer to check
      it," Trudy's eyes opened wide her horror.   
Charlene smiled sweetly at the shocked housewife, "Oh don't
        worry I've put it in a safe place because there's lots of thing about
      you and my family on it, do you and Mr. Wianright want to watch it?"   
Trudy collapsed back against the wall, "Eeerr no not Mr.
Wainright."   
Charlene grinned, "I didn't think so and as I said, I've been watching
      it and I'm feeling a horny itch and it needs seeing to, so, as you're not
      busy for the next few hours," She turned and picked up her school bag,
      turned it over and spilled the contents on the carpet, the harness and
      vibrators clattered to the floor.   
Looking at them and then Trudy she pulled up the hem on
        her very short skirt, Trudy gazed at the shaven little cunt as Charlene
        announced "I
      need the chair."   
 Pagan.    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





