BDSM Library - The Steel Collar




The Steel Collar
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A successful accountant falls victim to a slaver's unusual recruitment policy.Prologue - A Grand Plan   
The woman completed a final spin throwing herself, with a clash of bells,
  to the ground in front of the two men. She threw out her arms out in front
  her and knelt with her head pressed to the floor. The music stopped, the bells
  on the wide leather bands around her wrists and ankles making the final sound.  
&quot;It's no good, even my favourite dancer can't make me forget that bastard!"  
The man took a deep pull on the hookah on the floor beside him. He leant
  back against the cushions and blew out a cloud of grey smoke.  
&quot;Opal, you're getting fat,"  
&quot;No fatter than I was last month master when you called me the hottest
  slut in your harem&quot; said the kneeling woman, keeping her head pressed
  firmly to the floor. The man laughed half-heartedly.  
&quot;Kneel."  
Opal sat back onto her heels and spread her knees wide. She placed her hands,
  palms up, on her thighs. She was naked apart from a belt of coins hung loosely
  around her waist. Black leather cuffs were strapped tightly around her wrists
  and ankles and a wide steel choker sat snugly on her neck. A large ring hung
  from the front of the neckband encircling a small black stone set in the steel.
  Dark hair fell forward over her large breasts. She was tired from the dance
  and the bells hanging from her nipple rings jingled as she regained her breath.
  The man turned, ignoring the woman, and addressed his seated companion.  
"How much did he steal?"  
"The same amount as the last time you asked me, Malik"  
"Fuck, fuck I trusted that asshole, isn't anyone honest these days?"  
His companion sat up and stared lustily at the kneeling woman, she blushed
  and stared at the floor to avoid his gaze.  
"I hate accountants, I gave him everything, good money, his woman and a fine
  house but he still couldn't resist putting his dirty fingers into the cookie
  jar"  
 He took an angry draw on the hookah.  
"Stop staring at that slut and concentrate on the matter in hand"  
Malik turned to the kneeling woman  
"GET OUT and get the slave master to put you on half rations till further
  notice!"  
Opal fled the room in a clash of bells and coins.  
"Malik, don't take it out on her."  
Malik sat up and glared at his companion.  
"Don't dare to tell me how to treat my women, how the hell didn't you notice
  what he was doing?"  
"Hey don't speak to me like one of the sluts, I was busy making YOU money,
  it wasn't my job to be looking over his shoulder."  
Malik pushed the hookah aside.  
"I'm sorry Carl, I know it wasn't your fault, I just can't believe how much
  he took and there's nothing I can do about it. If you say YOU can't find him,
  then he and that conspiring slut must have dropped of the face of the earth."  
Carl, mollified, leant back on the cushions.  
"I'll have Opal sent to your room tonight, just don't give her any more candy.
  If that coin belt gets any bigger she'll have half my fortune around her waist&quot;  
"I don't think she's fat, you're just in a bad mood" Carl chuckled.  
"So I suppose you'd better start finding us a new accountant"  
"I've already been looking around, got a promising candidate just running
  a background check on him now, speaking of which I have a call to make. If
  you'll excuse me?"  
 Carl got up and moved towards the door.  
"Make sure he's honest, knows what he's doing and can follow instructions" Malik
  called out.  
Carl poked his head back around the door.  
"I promise you he'll be as obedient as Opal" he grinned.  
"Great, a fat loud mouthed accountant just what I need" Malik laughed.  
He quickly sat up knocking over the hookah beside him.  
"CARL WAIT, I think you've given me an idea"  
Chapter 1 - The Flight  
Carl emerged from the cockpit with two large drinks.  
"Nearly there, I believe you're a gin and tonic". He handed one of the glasses
  to a smartly dressed woman sat at the small table at the front of the plane.  
"You've certainly done your homework," she said suspiciously.  
"Malik likes to know everything about a future employee."  
"Hold on, I'm all very flattered with all this," she waved her hand around
  at the insides of the private jet, "the offer of dinner on his island and I
  was very grateful for the gift, but I still haven't agreed to anything yet."  
"You will" Carl smiled and reached for a large folder on the table.  
"A very impressive resume, young lady" said Carl.  
 Lisa baulked at being referred to as "young lady." she was the rising star
  of one of the largest and most prestigious accountancy firms in the US. She
  showed her annoyance by straightening her grey skirt. She suddenly wished she
  had worn a trouser suit, as people did not seem to take her seriously when
  she dressed too feminine. He flicked through the resume asking a few questions
  about her career and life, she could tell he already knew the answers. She
  was not sure whether his lack of interest was good or bad, she was not even
  sure if she even wanted this job. The job would be a very bad career move,
  working as a personal accountant for a rich millionaire. She spent almost 10
  years climbing up the ladder, neglecting friends and a personal life. She knew
  she was only a few years from making partner. This job would mean the end of
  all that. She had to admit she had been very flattered with their persistent
  approach and a salary that would make many partners green with envy. Still
  she would be a bit embarrassed taking this job as she had always said she was
  going to make partner and worried about what everyone would say about her dropping
  out into private practice before she achieved her goal. Malik Connor was a
  very discreet, secretive individual, which pleased her, as she was able to
  keep everything quiet for now from her company and even her friends.  
"Malik has a small gift for you." Carl handed her a carved wooded box.  
"I really can't accept anything else, I haven't agreed to even take the job,
  I really loved the brooch but really this is too much."  
"You haven't even seen what it is yet, and anyway it's a gift, no strings
  attached. It's just a small thank you for agreeing to see us."  
 She reluctantly took the box. If she was honest, the first gift had slightly
  puzzled her, an amber brooch. The brooch had a metal back but no clip or pin
  to attach it to her clothes. She thought it looked cheap and old fashioned.
  She was sure amber was not that expensive. She opened the lid of the box and
  stared in surprise at the wide steel band inside.  
"Put it on, I think we got your size right."  
She reluctantly lifted it from the box. It was heavy, made of solid metal.
  Lisa did not usually wear large jewellery. She felt her wrists and neck were
  too wide to suit anything bigger than a small chain. Large necklaces and bracelets
  made her feel too feminine. They always seemed to fit too snugly. The choker
  was hinged on one side and closed on the other with a sturdy clasp. It swung
  open as she lifted it from the box. A large ring hung from the front. She could
  not believe how ugly and vulgar it was.  
"Do you have the first gift? It goes with the necklace?"  
She placed the open band on her lap and reached into her handbag, producing
  a small jeweller's box. He removed the small amber pendant and lifted the choker
  from her lap. He clipped the pendant into a small recess in the front of the
  choker. The dangling ring hung around the amber brooch. He opened the choker
  and held it in front of her.  
"There, try it on, lift up your hair."  
"It's very nice but I'm really not a jewellery person."  
She took her glass and took a long sip, hoping to distract him.  
"Don't be silly, it's a gift, just try it on and see" he persisted.  
He stood up and stepped behind her. She gave him a forced smile and putting
  down the glass, she lifted up her shoulder length hair, exposing her neck.
  She would put it on for now, but as soon as she could it would be going back
  in its box, where it would stay. He placed the choker gently around her neck.
  She shivered as the cold metal of the choker slipped behind her neck. Carl
  slowly closed the band and she felt it tighten on her neck. She heard a solid
  click as the three-inch wide metal band closed under her ear. Lisa pulled away
  as Carl moved the collar ring around, so it hung beneath her chin. She tried
  to gather her composure but it was so humiliating to wear. The band was not
  tight but it was heavy and the diameter of the fit meant it sat high and snug
  on her neck. She reached up and felt the ring and the inset pendant, this thing
  made her feel very uncomfortable.  
"Look it's very nice and I'm very grateful but I think I should wear it another
  time."  
Lisa tilted her head and fumbled on the side for the release. Lisa jumped
  as the pilot leaned back through the separating curtain.  
"Hey folks it's going to get a bit bumpy, can you strap in."  
 Lisa gave a worried look to the pilot. The two passengers quickly did up
  their seatbelts.  
"It's fine, just a bit of turbulence. The weather gets a bit erratic around
  here," Carl reassured her.  
Lisa hardly heard him as her head was spinning. She had panic attacks before
  but never like this. She tried to calm herself, it was this stupid necklace,
  and she fumbled again for the clasp. She felt like she was going to throw up.  
"I want to take it off, I'm &hellip;."  
She slumped forward, knocking her gin and tonic onto the floor.  
"Are you ok?" Carl leaned forward.  
He smiled she had not heard him; her head sagged down against her chest,
  she was unconscious. He pushed her head back onto the headrest. Grasping the
  pendant, he unclipped it from the centre of the collar.  
"Just wanted to see if the colour suited you"  
He slipped the pendant into his suit pocket. Carl leaned back in his chair
  just then the plane went into a steep dive.  
At a nearby airfield, the air traffic controller pressed the alarm. A plane
  had just vanished from his radar.  
Chapter 2 - The Cage and the Deal   
"LET ME OUT YOU BASTARDS!"  
Lisa shook the bars for the countless time. She sat back against the cage
  wall. The stone cell was only three foot high and she could barely lie down
  along the length of it. She had woken in the cage, without her shoes but still
  dressed in the suit she had worn on the plane. She touched the steel band on
  her neck, why were they making her wear this. She had immediately felt its
  weight when she had woken up and after trying to pull it from her neck she
  had gathered her wits and simply reached beside her neck to release the catch.
  There was no release. She turned it slowly, carefully, because it fitted rather
  closely. There was no release, no catch, only a small, heavy lock, and a place
  where a tiny key might fit. It had been locked on her throat! . She pulled
  angrily at the ring of the choker, the snug band barely shifted. The amber
  stone was gone it must had fallen out, or been taken out, before she was put
  in the cage. She kicked at the wide metal gate sealing the mouth of the cage.
  The padlock rattled against the lock of the door. She looked out at the identical
  cages, stacked two high on the far side of the room, all cut out of the pale
  stonewall. She had tried to look out but the cage bars were slightly inset,
  preventing her seeing above or beside her. She took off her suit jacket making
  a small pillow and lay down in the cage. She resigned herself to the fact that
  she was not going to get out until someone unlocked the gate.  
Lisa struggled to her knees as someone came to stand in front of the cage.
  She tried to peer up but could not see past the overhanging roof. Lisa lunged
  as she saw Carl crouch to see into her cage. He did not flinch as her grasp
  ended just short of him. She pushed her arm hard through the bars trying to
  reach him. She yanked back in pain as he slapped the top of her hand. He opened
  a manila folder, the same he had read from on the plane. "What do we have here?" flicking
  to the second page, "untrained slave, age 31, a bit small breasted, 5 foot
  3, dark natural blond, champion athlete in youth but now needs a few more trips
  to the gym, large shoulders and good hips, stubborn and willful, shy in groups.
  Good summary slut?"  
"Let me go you psycho, you cannot keep me here, people know I am here, people
  will miss me, they know where I am" Lisa was screaming.  
"My company doesn't deal with kidnappers. You won't get a penny from them.
  People know where I AM."  
He reached into the folder and pulled out a newspaper, which he laid down
  in front of her. Lisa scanned the front of the paper, she cried out as she
  read the main story. "Private Jet disappears, all feared lost." She read down
  the article in horror, it mentioned her by name. Lisa screamed and threw herself
  against the barred door. She stopped screaming as she saw her captor get up
  to leave.  
"NO WAIT, PLEASE WHAT DO YOU WANT? JUST TELL ME WHAT YOU WANT. PLEASE I HAVE
  MONEY,"  
 Carl left slamming the door on her cries. She stared in despair at the paper;
  they had given up the search believing the plane had plunged into deep-ocean.
  No one knew she was here, they thought she was dead. They were not kidnappers,
  to kidnap someone the other party had to believe the hostage was alive. What
  did he mean untrained slave? She was suddenly conscious again of the heavy
  band encircling her neck; she touched it, frightened, putting her finger inside
  the rim of the metal. There was only a half-inch or so between its metal and
  her throat. She locked her fingers in the band at her throat, trying to tear
  it from her neck. It was not a piece of jewelry. It was a collar.  
Carl returned an hour later, Lisa lay nervously pressed against the back
  of the cage.  
"I see you've used the facilities."  
Lisa looked, embarrassed, at the bucket at the side of the cage. She could
  not hold it any longer and had been forced to squat and pee into the bucket.  
"Please can I have some water, it's so hot in here."  
"Just what I've come to talk to you about. I have some water and some food
  here for you."  
He placed a bowl of water and a bread roll down beside her cage. She went
  to reach for the bowl but he kicked it out of her reach.  
"Please I need some water."  
"First I need something from you, quid pro quo, as they say. I have some
  more jewellery for you; I know you said you don't like jewellery but the necklace
  looked so good around that lovely neck."  
He emptied a black canvas sack he had placed on the floor beside the food
  and water. Four metal bracelets clattered onto the stone floor. Lisa backed
  away from the cage door shaking her head. Each bracelet was like a small version
  of her collar, complete with dangling ring. They were all opened. He kicked
  them towards her cage; she remained silent shaking her head.  
"Ok, when you're ready to drink, you know what to do, wrist and ankles, oh
  and remove your tights before you put on the anklets, rings on the inside please."  
He stood up and for the second time that day, she heard the door slam as
  he left.  
It was not long before she reached for the cuffs. They were heavy, made of
  thick steel, almost as wide as her collar. The two larger ones were obviously
  for her ankles, but both sets would fit snugly; it was if they were made for
  her. She unclipped her watch, sliding it from her hand and placed an open wrist
  cuff on her lap. She tried to remain calm, telling herself it was just like
  wearing the silver bracelet she had once owned. She placed her wrist into one
  half of the open cuff and gently lifted the other side of the cuff till it
  almost closed. She stopped short of locking it, shaking her wrist clattering
  the cuff from her wrist to the floor. She wiped her brow. She was hot and thirsty.
  She knew he would not give her water until she put on the cuffs; she was just
  delaying the inevitable. She quickly picked up the cuff, slipped it around
  her wrist and clicked it shut. She pushed the cuff down on her wrist, testing
  the fit. She could push it up her arm slightly but she realised she would never
  be able to slip it off her hand. She lifted the cuff looking at the ring dangling
  from her wrist. She remembered he had said rings on the inside. With a bit
  of difficulty due to its oval shape, she twisted the cuff around on her wrist.
  Trying not to think what she was doing or the purpose of the steel bands she
  put on the second cuff. It was a struggle to remove her tights in the cramped
  cage but she finally managed to remove them leaving them in a bundle beside
  the cage door. As she moved the rings tapped against the cuffs. She pulled
  her shirtsleeves over her wrists, covering the bracelets. She did not want
  to see them.  
It was almost two hours before Carl returned. Lisa felt dizzy from the heat
  and her mouth was so dry she could hardly speak.  
"Good girl, I knew you were a bright one. Now I want you to kneel with your
  back against the gate, do it quickly or I'll leave you to think about it till
  tomorrow."  
Lisa was initially going to refuse, but she knew she did not want to spend
  the night with this thirst. She wearily crawled to the cage entrance and knelt
  with her back against the bars. She half-heartedly tried to pull away as Carl
  took hold her the left wrist cuff and pulled her hand behind her. She felt
  something lift up and hook through the ring of the cuff. He twisted her wrist
  so she was unable to turn around.  
"Other wrist" commanded Carl.  
Lisa reluctantly placed her right arm behind her. Carl pulled her wrists
  together and she heard a metallic click. As Carl released her she tried to
  pull her arms back around in front of her, but she was not surprised to find
  them locked together. As she shook the cuffs, she felt the padlock hanging
  down against the small of her back. To her surprise, Carl unlocked the cage
  door and motioned her out. The door was very low and she was forced to duck
  as she stumbled out on her knees. She heard a rattle of metal and looked up
  in time to see Carl reaching towards her with a two loops of chain. He held
  a padlock threaded through the end loop of a long shiny chain. Lisa tried to
  back away but with his free hand, he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back.
  She felt him fumble with the front of the collar and then screamed as she heard
  the padlock close around the ring. She staggered to her feet and made a run
  for the door. The neck chain stopped her short and she was almost pulled off
  balance as Carl yanked her back. He shortened his grip on the chain and pulled
  her down. The collar dug into the back of her neck as it pulled her to the
  floor. Lisa screamed and struggled against the wrist cuffs. There was no questioning
  the purpose of her neck wear now. She was leashed. Her restrained arms prevented
  her from stopping her slow descent and she was forced to struggle to her knees.
  He stepped on the chain forcing her to kneel, bent over, with her cheek pressed
  to the ground. She gave up pulling and struggling. He picked up a smaller length
  of chain, each end dangling with the familiar steel padlock. He straddled her,
  sitting on her back. Lisa groaned under his weight. She felt her ankles pulled
  closer together and the familiar click of padlocks as they locked onto the
  dangling rings of the ankle cuffs.  
"Remain kneeling," he stood up, climbing off her back. She knelt upright
  and stared at her captor. He held her neck chain loosely in his hands. She
  felt the weight of the chain pull on the collar ring. She sobbed. She was leashed.
  She wore a chain leash.  
"Drink" with a gentle tug on the chain he signalled her over to the bowl
  of water.  
She stumbled forward on her knees shuddering at the sound of her ankle chain
  dragging behind her. Lisa leant forward and, sighing with relief, lapped at
  the water in the bowl. She knew he was deliberately trying to humiliate her,
  but at this moment, the refreshing taste of the water blanked out any thought
  of rebellion. She felt pressure on the front of the collar as Carl signalled
  her back to her knees, reluctantly she complied.  
"Good, you respond well to leash commands."  
He held out a small piece of bread in the palm of his hand and gestured her
  to eat. She did not move. Lisa was unsure whether to give him the satisfaction
  of eating from his hand.  
"You need to eat, if you are going to escape, you have to be fit" he laughed
  at his own joke and gestured again with the food.  
She knew she had to stay strong, he was right, she'd look for a way out of
  this, he would let his guard down at some point and she was determined to be
  ready. She looked at him defiantly and snatched the bread from his hand. He
  continued to feed her the roll, allowing her occasionally to lap water from
  the bowl. When the water was almost empty and the roll gone, he roughly wiped
  her mouth clean of the crumbs.  
"Please let me go, I can pay you, I won't tell anyone, just let me out of
  here, I know you're not responsible for this"  
"You will speak only when spoken to slut and do not eyeball me, head down" he
  reinforced his command by pulling down on her leash. She quickly lowered her
  head.  
"Feel the steel on your body, you are helpless, do you realise that? You
  depend on us for everything. You are chained and leashed. If I say follow,
  whether you come willing or not, you will follow this chain. Are you going
  to be obedient slut? "  
He rattled the coils of chain in his hands.  
"I asked you if you are obedient."  
"Yes" Lisa mumbled.  
"You will refer to all men as Master and all women as mistress do you understand
  me. There isn't anyone on the island who is lower than you. You're an untrained
  and unnamed slut. So I'll ask you again are you obedient"  
"Yes master"  
"Say it like you believe it"  
Lisa repeated the phrase louder.  
"Good I think we're going to get on just fine, look forward and open your
  mouth wide."  
Lisa swallowed her tears. She would get through this. She knew he would make
  a mistake, until then she decided to follow instructions. Carl moved behind
  her, as she tentatively opened her mouth. He quickly pushed a large rubber
  ball into her mouth. She struggled trying to push it out. "Don't struggle and
  damage your nice teeth, come on take it all in" Lisa felt the ball sink deeper
  into her mouth, he pulled back the leather straps, pulling the gag a couple
  of notches tighter and buckling it shut. She breathed nosily through her nose.
  She stretched her mouth trying to get her tongue comfortable beneath the large
  ball. A large drop of drool fell onto her knees as her mouth tried to lubricate
  the obstruction.  
"That's better, no more of your belly aching, you will soon realise talking,
  like food and water, is a privilege. Come on we're off to see your new owner"  
Grabbing her arms, he lifted her to her feet. She stared down at her chained
  ankles. A foot of chain connected her ankle cuffs. She complained into the
  gag as he tugged her forward. She shuffled forward, the ankle chain forcing
  her to take small steps as she was led from the room  
Chapter 3 - A Walk in the Garden   
"Come in"  
Carl entered the room pulling Lisa behind him. Lisa stumbled, in her ankle
  chains, into the room. She had learnt to not lift her feet too high and take
  small quick steps. She had nearly lost her balance twice, by catching her trailing
  foot in the ankle chain, as Carl had pulled her through the corridors of the
  estate. Malik sat writing behind an ornate wooden desk. He looked up and pointed
  in front of his desk, before resuming his work. Carl pulled Lisa forward and
  then gave two downward tugs on her leash. It was difficult to get down wearing
  the chains and despite her best efforts she fell heavily to her knees onto
  the thick carpet. Marco rattled the lead, looking down at her expectantly.
  Lisa spread her legs as far as her skirt would allow. She did not want to provoke
  him again. Carl had made her practice this posture and leash commands in the
  hall before entering the room. When she had at first refused to kneel but Carl
  had slapped her hard on her buttocks. Lisa could still feel the sting of the
  blow as she knelt, eyes down, in front of the desk. Malik put down his pen
  and looked at Lisa kneeling a few feet from his desk.  
"Carl how do you expect me to talk to the girl, when she has a ball in her
  mouth?" he said good-naturedly.  
"She's been learning talking is a privilege," replied Carl.  
"Is that so, well then I can take it as read, when I remove her gag, she'll
  talk, only with permission or when asked a question. Isn't that so girl"?  
Lisa nodded obediently; she hated the gag the most of all her restraints.
  It made her jaw ache but that was far from its most unpleasant affect. The
  front of her jacket was wet with the streams of drool that run from her mouth.
  She tried again to stretch her mouth further around the ball to remove pressure
  on her jaw but it was just too big. Another line of drool dribbled down her
  chin. Malik went over to Lisa and loosened the gag's buckle behind her neck.
  Lisa pushed the ball out with her tongue. It fell loosely around her neck,
  the ball hanging down against her collar. Malik left the straps still buckled
  behind her neck. Lisa took a deep breath and resumed her position.  
"Excellent, straight back in position without instruction. How long have
  you been training her?"  
"She's had none at all, a couple of pointers."  
Malik stepped back to look at her.  
"You don't think her breasts are too small?"  
"No they're firm, nice body, just needs a bit of toning. We could put her
  under the knife but I think they're fine. I saw some shots of her in the shower"  
Lisa gasped.  
"We've been watching you for while woman, the landlord never sent those repair
  men, we did. They installed cameras all over your apartment."  
"Why me? I don't understand"  
Lisa realised her mistake a soon as she finished the sentence. Lisa put her
  head further to the floor  
"Sorry, I won't speak again, sorry."  
"Do you want her beaten?'  
Lisa shivered.  
"No, I'm in a hurry and I always like a chat with a new girl when she arrives."  
"She has an appointment at the Doctors. Opal says the Doctor's been complaining
  about the amount of overtime lately."  
"I'm going that way. I have a business on the other side so I'll take her
  and we'll talk on the way."  
Malik lifted Lisa's chin up and looked hard into her eyes.  
"Yes cute, very cute, I'm pleased."  
Lisa did not know whether to be horrified or pleased by his approval. . She
  wanted to lower her eyes but he continued to hold her chin.  
"Would you care for a walk through my gardens?" He said suddenly.  
Without waiting for an answer, he took the leash from Carl. He let the chain
  slip through his fingers until there was about 3 feet between his hand and
  the collar ring. Malik pulled the chain forward. Lisa pulled back against the
  leash trying to keep her balance. She was unsure whether to shuffle forward
  on her knees or whether to try to stand. Malik stepped forward and grabbed
  the centre of the chain. The collar pulled tight under her chin as he pulled
  her by the leash to her feet.  
"Stupid slut, pay attention."  
"Fuck you" Lisa looked at him defiantly  
"And fuck your rules, how dare you do this to me?"  
 Lisa tried her best to sound strong but she could feel the tears coming.  
"Still some spirit... excellent, come!"  
Malik pulled her stumbling forward out a door leading to the garden. Lisa
  looked out at the perfectly manicured and flower beds, her eyes straining in
  the bright sunshine. She looked beyond the tall walls surrounding the garden
  at the endless expanse of ocean. The garden was obviously the centrepiece of
  the villa, white plastered walls and buildings stretched around it. Malik led
  her along one of the small paths that stretched around the grounds.  
"I'm going to allow you three questions, I will answer them truthfully. First
  question?" Malik asked absently. Lisa remained silent, unsure what to do.  
"Well?"  
He tugged her leash. Lisa felt the collar ring and the attached padlock lift
  up beneath her chin. She lengthened her step to regain some slack in the chain.  
"What's going to happen to me?" Lisa blurted out.  
"Right now, I'm taking you to the Doctor to be examined. After that you'll
  be taken back to your cage where you'll begin your training."  
Lisa thought carefully about her next question.  
"What do you want with me?"  
"Isn't it obvious, what do you think your status is here? We are training
  you to be a slave, a pleasure slave."  
"LET ME GO YOU FREAKS" Lisa screamed.  
Lisa pulled back against the leash but Malik kept a tight grip on her. Lisa
  leaned forward fighting against the pull on her collar. She was screaming at
  the top of her lungs. The collar pulled against her chin and the back of her
  neck.  
"Calm down!" said Malik in a calm steady voice.  
Lisa stopped screaming and tried to take a deep breath but continued tugging
  defiantly against the chain.  
"Now examine your position you are not going to get free of the leash. If
  I had to, I could drag you up this path. I'm hoping, for your sake, that you
  decide to take the easier path," Malik said smoothly.  
The pain in her neck soon grew stronger than her anger and fear and she stopped
  pulling. Standing upright, Lisa stared directly at her captor. "I still have
  a question."  
"That you do"  
Malik smiled and continued walking down the path, as if nothing had happened.
  Lisa felt the familiar tug of the leash and stumbled after him.  
"That little outburst should have forfeited your question but I will give
  you some slack, as it's your first day."  
"Saff, come here"  
Malik called to a woman just entering the garden from a door in the far wall.
  Lisa stared at the half naked redhead walking gracefully towards them. Lisa
  looked in envy at the woman's long legs and hourglass figure. Sapphire wore
  a shoulder-less white silk halter-top that exposed her breasts, jutting them
  out proudly in front of her. Both her nipples were pierced with large metal
  rings, from each hung a small bell. The bells jingled as she walked. Her diaphanous
  silk pants clearly showed her shaved sex. Lisa was alarmed to see the woman
  wore the same cuffs and collar that she herself wore, the only difference was
  a large red gem embedded in the centre of her steel collar. She walked over
  to Malik and stood silently, lowering her head submissively.  
"Saff, I'd like you to take our new pupil to the Doctor, tell the kind Doctor
  two rings and a clean."  
Malik handed the leash over to the woman.  
"Hey, I still have my question" Lisa said insolently.  
"Well?" Malik returned her gaze.  
"Why me?" Lisa said quietly.  
Malik laughed and walked away.  
"That's easy, I need an accountant"  
He laughed again and continued to walk towards the door the woman had entered
  from.  
"You think I'm going to be your accountant after this" Lisa spat.  
He turned and shouted over his shoulder  
"Saff, she needs to learn when to keep that mouth of hers closed. If she
  speaks gag her and give her five lashes."  
He left the garden.  
Lisa stared at the woman holding her leash. She gave Lisa a kindly smile
  and then gave the leash a gentle tug, indicating Lisa should follow.  
"Please don't speak. I'll have to give you those lashes. People are always
  watching here. I'd be forced to," said Sapphire hurriedly.  
"He didn't say anything about me talking, so no one can report me for speaking
  to you. You see we each receive five lashes every week, but if you can prove
  one of the girls did wrong she get two of yours. So, people are always telling
  on each other. Opal, the bitch, never gets hit, just cause she's favourite
  and is always spying on us."  
Lisa staggered behind the woman trying to digest the rapid dialogue. She
  sounded like an office girl welcoming a new staff member to the office.  
"Oh I'm being rude, my name is Sapphire, but everyone calls me Saff. You'll
  have to call me mistress, as you're just a dungeon girl, but don't worry I'm
  sure you'll be in the house before you know it."  
Sapphire hardly took a breath as she prattled away.  
"I'll give you some advice. Just do everything they say and make sure you
  learn your lessons quickly. It gets easier after the first few weeks, especially
  if you can get to be a house girl. Oh here we are."  
Sapphire opened a door in the garden wall and stepped inside. Lisa looked
  around the room. The plain stone walls contrasted starkly with the white tiled
  floor. A heavy wooden cupboard was the room's only furniture. Sapphire gestured
  Lisa into the centre of the room. Lisa was pleased she did not use the leash
  to direct her. Her neck was sore from being led around like a dog. Lisa thought
  Sapphire a bit dim, she knew she could use that.  
"Now I'm going to have to unchain you, so you can take your clothes off."  
Lisa shrunk away, shaking her head. Sapphire let go off the neck chain and
  moved over to the cupboard. The leash jangled down between her breasts, the
  end hanging down to her knees. Lisa was surprised to be released. She thought
  about running, but decided to see if Sapphire was really going to unchain her.  
"You can run but you won't get very far, and I promise, you don't want to
  be caught. I've never seen it, but some of the other girls talk about this
  girl from way back who escaped and they kept her in a punishment cage for weeks.
  She was taken out everyday just to be beaten."  
Sapphire unfastened the cupboard's combination lock. Lisa saw the many keys
  hung from the inside of the door as Sapphire pulled the cupboard open. Lisa
  gasped at the array of whips and paddles hanging inside. All kinds of metal
  and leather restraints filled the dark wood shelves. Lisa was relieved when
  Sapphire only took a key.  
"Please don't get me into trouble, they'll come in and strip you, if you
  don't do it. Don't even think about running, all the doors out of the villa
  are locked. They'll only catch you and we'll both be punished"  
Sapphire unlocked the padlock connecting Lisa's collar to the leash, letting
  the steel chain fall to the floor. Sapphire moved behind her and Lisa felt
  Sapphire lift the padlock holding her two wrist cuffs together. Lisa felt the
  pressure on her wrists lessen as the padlock clicked open. Feeling flooded
  back as Lisa brought her arms slowly forward. Sapphire allowed Lisa time to
  stretch and rub feeling back into her arms.  
"Please remove your suit now" Sapphire said timidly.  
Lisa realised then, that Sapphire was actually nervous. Lisa was unsure whether
  to comply. Running was impossible while she still wore the ankle chain. She
  decided to wait for her greatest advantage. She calmly removed her jacket,
  folding it carefully before angrily giving it to Sapphire. Sapphire seemed
  unsure what to do with it and laid it, with great care, on the floor. Lisa
  slowly undid each button of her white blouse, before removing it and handing
  it to Sapphire.  
"You can fold it," snapped Lisa.  
Sapphire seemed unsure at this turn of events, but quickly nodded and started
  folding the shirt. Lisa did not wait to be told and slipped her arms through
  the straps of her bra. Twisting the bra around so the clasp was in the front,
  she removed it. Sapphire took the bra and laid it carefully on top of her other
  clothes. Lisa blushed and covered her breasts with her arms. She hated being
  naked in front of other women. She felt as if she were always being judged.
  Lisa gasped as she felt the cool metal of the cuffs press against the soft
  skin of her breasts. . Sapphire seemed to take heart at this sign of weakness.  
"Now the skirt and your panties"  
Lisa lifted up one leg and shook the ankle chain.  
"Oh yeah silly me you won't get your knickers off with those on. I should
  probably put your hood on first."  
Sapphire went back to the cupboard, returning with what looked, to Lisa,
  like a leather flying helmet. Lisa shuffled back in the ankle chain, shaking
  her head vigorously. Sapphire smiled kindly.  
"It's not so bad, I've worn it loads of time, and it's quite sexy actually.
  I know I shouldn't be like this but sometimes when I'm chained down wearing
  this I think I'm going to explode."  
Sapphire was caught completely unaware as Lisa lunged toward her. Lisa grabbed
  a large lump of hair and, with surprising ease, pulled Sapphire down into a
  headlock. Lisa was amazed at how easily she had the better of Sapphire. She
  had never had a fight before. Unsure of what to do next she continued to hold
  Sapphire in a headlock. Lisa's indecision allowed Sapphire time to reach up
  Lisa's skirt. Sapphire gave Lisa's inner thigh a vicious pinch and twist. Lisa
  squealed and loosened her grip around her opponent's neck. Sapphire quickly
  pulled backward out of the headlock, at the same time, pushing Lisa forward.
  Lisa's right leg tangled in the ankle chain as she tried to regain her balance
  and she fell forward heavily. Sapphire jumped on her before she was able to
  recover. Lisa lashed out, twisting, trying to get Sapphire off her back. Sapphire
  knelt on Lisa's arms forcing them to her side. Lisa screamed as she was plunged
  into darkness. Sapphire had skilfully looped the hood over her head. Despite
  Lisa's struggling, a wide leather strap was buckled shut around her neck. Lisa
  tried to bite at the unseen hand but could not stop the third strap being fastened
  under her chin. Sapphire reached back, managing to still stay on the back of
  her twisting and struggling captive and picked up two small padlocks. Lisa
  screamed again, unable to prevent the two padlocks clicking shut. Sapphire
  jumped up and stepped away. Lisa got to her feet, pulling at the hood. It covered
  her head and eyes leaving her nose and mouth exposed. A wide leather band was
  buckled and padlocked shut over her steel collar. A smaller strap was buckled
  and padlocked shut under her chin. She tried to pull it off but it was too
  well fastened on her. Lisa heard something removed from the cupboard. Lisa
  could hear Sapphire as she moved, the bells hanging from her nipples jingled
  at the slightest movement. Lisa threw a wild slap when the jangle of nipple
  rings grew closer. Lisa stumbled forward as she lashed out at thin air. Sapphire
  was moving quickly now, dancing around her. Lisa tried to keep her in the front
  but the hood and the ankle chains allowed her only a clumsy stagger. It was
  then that she felt it. The broad band of leather slapped across her backside
  causing Lisa to almost collapse on to her knees. Lisa tried to kick out, but
  the ankle cuff quickly pulled her leg short unbalancing her. Sapphire saw the
  opening and brought the leather paddle down hard at almost the exact place
  as the last blow. The pain exploded through Lisa's body, her eyes watered,
  wetting the inside of the hood. She fell to her knees, covering her backside
  from the next blow. Sapphire struck her again, this time across the back. Lisa
  could hardly catch her breath as the air was almost blown out of her lungs.
  She gasped in pain, unable to get the breath to scream.  
 "Stop Mistress, please stop mistress, I'll be good, please mistress" Lisa
  could only sob out her plea,  
"Strip slut now" Sapphire said angrily.  
Lisa quickly undid her skirt and stood up allowing it to slip to the floor.
  She shook in pain, not believing what Sapphire had done to her. Lisa slid her
  panties off, pulling them over the ankle cuffs and on to the chain. She stood
  up straight, leaving her panties tangled around the ankle chain. She tried
  to cover herself, as she stood naked in front of Sapphire. Lisa blushed as
  she wondered what she looked like naked, hooded, in ankle chains.  
"Telling me to stop beating you broke the Master's no speaking rule, put
  out your hand."  
Lisa shook her head.  
"Do it, I'm not going to hurt you."  
Lisa thought Sapphire's tone seemed to soften a little. Lisa slowly lifted
  her hand. Sapphire snapped a thin metal bracelet around her right wrist. Lisa
  pulled back her hand and felt the new bracelet. It was a contoured round bangle,
  little more than a steel ring. It hung loosely above her cuff. A bell hung
  from a small ring looped onto the bangle. The bell jingled as it hit against
  the cuff below.  
"That's a punishment bracelet, it's worth five lashes. They put the bell
  on it as a reminder of your disobedience and what is to come."  
Lisa put her hands to her hooded head and sobbed in despair. Lisa flinched
  but Sapphire only put her arms around her and gave her a gentle hug.  
"I know it's difficult, just remember what I said and do what they say. It
  gets easier I promise."  
Lisa sobbed against Sapphire's shoulder. Sapphire gave her another quick
  hug and then pushed her away.  
"We need to put your gag back in and get you yoked, otherwise the Doctor
  will punish both of us, Open your mouth"  
As Sapphire moved behind her, Lisa reluctantly opened her mouth. She hated
  the idea of wearing the gag again. She blinked behind the darkness of the leather
  hood. The shock of this whole experience left her feeling numb. She knew she
  had to follow the instructions or feel that strap again. Sapphire pushed the
  ball into Lisa's mouth. Lisa was relieved to find Sapphire did not buckle it
  as tight as Carl.  
Lisa began to panic when she heard Sapphire return to the cupboard.  
"I'm going to put you in a wooden yoke. It locks around your neck and wrists."  
 Sapphire pulled out a square of wood that was stored between the cupboard
  and the wall. Sapphire passed it to Lisa to feel. The weight of the yoke almost
  made Lisa lose her grip. Sapphire helped her lower it to the floor. Lisa felt
  around the yoke. It was about three feet square and over an inch thick. A circle
  of wood had been cut out of the middle of the block and two smaller openings
  were spaced out either side of the centre hole. Lisa gave a muffled cry as
  she realised the purpose of the three openings; one for her neck the other
  two for her wrists. It would hold her hands immobile beside her head and it
  would leave her body at their mercy.  
"You'll have to kneel and lean forward so I don't hurt you when I put it
  on."  
Lisa sank to her knees and leant forward, defeated. Sapphire held the open
  yoke steady on the floor.  
"Put your head in first, use your hands to make sure your collar is sitting
  above the wood."  
Lisa leant forward and placed her neck in the semi-circle. The wood was worn
  smooth; it was obviously not the first time this had been used. Sapphire pushed
  the collar higher on Lisa's neck. The collar scraped against the top of the
  wood. The collar was going to be on top of the yoke, forcing it tight under
  her chin.  
"Now put in your wrists. Put your forearms in and then pull back, when you
  feel the cuffs pull on the wood, hold position. Make sure you're fully in,
  it really hurts to get pinched by this thing." Lisa slid her wrists into position
  and Sapphire gently closed the yoke. As the identical semi-circles closed behind
  her neck and over her wrists, the cuffs and collar pushed tighter. She tried
  to get more comfortable but she could hardly move. Sapphire closed the hasp
  of the yoke and secured it with a padlock.  
"On your feet"  
Sapphire held Lisa under one arm and helped her up. Lisa swayed under the
  weight of the heavy wood.  
"I'm going to take you in to the Doctor, do what you're told. Don't give
  her any excuse. We need discipline, I know that, but she seems to take too
  much delight in hurting us. Between you and me she's a complete bitch &hellip;."  
The door in the far wall suddenly slammed opened. Sapphire whirled around
  to stare in shock at the new arrival.  
"I didn't realise I had such a good reputation."  
The Doctor dressed in a lab coat and high heels moved over to stand in front
  of Sapphire. Dark hair surrounded a round, but pretty, face. Her ample figure
  squeezed into the tight lab coat. Sapphire fell to her knees, kissing the Doctor's
  shoes.  
"Please mistress, forgive Sapphire, Sapphire didn't mean anything, Sapphire
  loves her mistress"  
"It's good that a slave loves her mistress. I love you to Saff. Bring the
  new slut in. Come on hurry, bring her in."  
 Sapphire visibly relaxed and rose to her feet.  
"Oh Saff, because I love you, why don't you take two punishments from the
  cupboard, before you come in?"  
"But mistress, being rude is one bracelet" Sapphire pleaded.  
"Why don't you get a third one? Would you like to question me again, perhaps
  we can start a new fashion and have two on each wrist."  
Sapphire fled to the cupboard and pulled out one of the bracelets, locking
  it quickly on her wrist. Lisa heard two more clicks as Sapphire locked on two
  more.  
"Get in" The Doctor pushed Lisa angrily forward. Lisa heard the sound of
  her own punishment bracelet. She did not know if she could take five blows,
  not if they were like the strap she was hit with earlier.  
"Slide her into the rack and we'll get her sorted out, if you're good Saff
  maybe I'll remove one of your bracelets."  
Chapter 4
      - The Doctor  
Lisa felt the collar tighten under her neck as she was pushed back. The yoke
  slid back into two grooves cut in the wooden frame. The top of the yoke pushed
  the collar tighter under her neck. The cuffs scraped against the wood as Lisa
  pulled against them. Lisa wanted to protect herself, fearing what they were
  going to do to her. The yoke was pushed back into the long grooves until it
  touched the back of the tall frame.  
"Easy slut or maybe I'll show the value of that pretty bracelet. Only been
  here one day little slut, and already bangled."  
Lisa pleaded helplessly into the gag. Each ankle cuff was lifted and she
  soon lost the weight of the attached ankle hobble. The anklets were turned
  about and ropes attached to the rings. Lisa screamed, as her legs were suddenly
  pulled wider apart. The collar and cuffs became tighter, as she was pulled
  down. Lisa struggled to breath.  
"That's enough, we want her immobilized not choked," Lisa clearly recognised
  the Doctors smooth voice.  
To Lisa's relief the ropes were loosened slightly before being attached to
  the frame and tied off. Lisa could barely move, never feeling so venerable
  or helpless in her life. Her muffled plead for release was ignored.  
"I want to see those nipples at attention, Sapphire see to it."  
Sapphire hurried to obey, placing her hands on Lisa's hips. Sapphire leaned
  forward and took Lisa's nipple between her teeth. Lisa gasped in surprise and
  forced pleasure as a soft tongue teased the squeezed nipple. Her nipple grew
  harder, becoming sore as Sapphire's tongue worked it erect. Lisa tried to stop
  becoming aroused but she could feel the growing wetness between her legs. She
  was determined not to become excited by this. She would not give them that.
  She would not give them anything. Lisa fought against the anklets and stock,
  trying to pull back from Sapphire's embrace. Her struggling only, she was beginning
  to realise, excited her. She finally submitted to the feeling needing the release
  more than her dignity. As if almost sensing this, Sapphire abruptly stopped.
  Lisa screamed and pulled against her restraints in frustration. Sapphire kissed
  her gently on the nipple.  
"Later, I promise"  
"Stop talking with the slave! What is this? A fisher women's convention?"  
Sapphire gave an almost believable smile at the weak joke and apologised.  
"And I said ERECT!"  
The Doctor grabbed Lisa's nipples between index finger and thumb and squeezed
  hard. Lisa thought she was going to pass out, but was pulled back when the
  Doctor gave the nipple a hard twist. Lisa bucked in the frame, the soft loose
  skin on her feet and hands bunching tight against the steel restraints.  
"Now the other one" the Doctor sneered. The pain of the first was terrible
  but Lisa felt the agony of waiting for it to happen to the other nipple much
  worse. The Doctor knew this and waited. Sapphire looked away; she knew that
  the Master would not approve of this, especially to a new girl.  
Lisa bit hard into the ball gag, stifling her own cries, as the Doctor made
  good with her threat. The doctor gave an extra vicious twist, trying to provoke
  a better response. Disappointed, she released the nipple and stood back, an
  evil smile forming on her lips.  
"Ah we have a fighter, excellent."  
"Three?" asked the Doctor turning to the now kneeling Sapphire.  
"Master requested just the two rings mistress"  
"Well then let's begin, Sapphire bring me the needle and two medium weight
  rings." Sapphire leapt up with a jangle of bells. The Doctor pulled up a stool
  beside Lisa and sat down. The Doctor took hold again of the right nipple. Lisa
  flinched in expectation of another squeeze, but was surprised when the Doctor
  held her gently. She then realised where the rings were going. Lisa froze,
  knowing she could do nothing to stop them. She tried to communicate with her
  captors through the gag, begging them not to do it.  
The Doctor lined up the needle and we one quick push pierced the nipple.
  Lisa tried to gasp, sucking the ball gag deeper into her mouth. Her stomach
  lurching, she gagged on the rubber ball. She tried in panic to push the ball
  forward with her tongue but it was too far back. The Doctor pulled the gag
  out a little.  
"Too loose Sapphire, she nearly choked. Ask the Harem Keeper to put you in
  a gag tonight. You need to know how one should be worn"  
Sapphire nodded obediently. Lisa breathed heavily through her nose trying
  to calm the pain coursing through her nipple. The pain of pushing the ring
  through the nipple was almost as awful as the pain of piercing. The Doctor
  slowly pushed the ring through the nipple, twisting it as she worked it through
  the hole. The twists were like electric shocks through Lisa's squirming body.
  The Doctor clearly enjoyed the pain she was inflicting.  
"Bell" the Doctor held out an impatient hand. Sapphire quickly returned with
  a small metal bell, with a single ringer. The Doctor slipped the hoop top of
  the bell onto the nipple ring. The Doctor took pliers and closed the ring,
  twisting the nipple ring around to hide the almost invisible connection in
  the nipple.  
Within minutes, two steel rings hung from Lisa's' nipples. Lisa sobbed into
  her gag, they were so large almost the size of an American quarter. Lisa felt
  the dangling bells resting on her breasts. Any slight movement made them ring.  
"Next ring" barked the Doctor.  
"But mistress"  
Sapphire was stopped as the Doctor lashed her arm around. Quick reflexes
  stopped Sapphire being hit, as she stepped back out of reach. Sapphire ran
  to obey, gingerly returning and handing over an identical ring. Sapphire began
  to pull back, fearing going near the Doctor again but the Doctor just patted
  her cheek.  
"Good girl"  
Lisa expected them to pierce her below so was surprised when the Doctor steadied
  her head. She calmed a little when she realised that the ring wasn't going
  between her legs. She hated all piercing; they made her feel too feminine.
  She had once owned some gold hoop earrings, but the subtle touches it gave
  her as they touched the side of her neck made her feel like a slut. Lisa became
  suddenly aware of the collar locked on her neck, if the earrings made her feel
  cheap, the collar made her feel like property. Lisa knew plenty of people with
  their tongue or their nose done, it could not be that bad. The Doctor took
  what looked like a pair of pliers and pushed them into Lisa's nostrils. Lisa
  frantically tried to move her head but the Doctor held her steady. Lisa could
  never remember when she passed out, it was either when she realised they intended
  to pierce her septum or when she felt the click of the punch. The pain and
  fear were so tightly enmeshed that it was all a blur  
Lisa woke to a glass of water being thrown in her face. "Wake up" shouted
  the Doctor. Lisa lifted her head and wept in shame as she felt the large ring
  brushing against her top lip.  
"Stop your blubbing" the Doctor flicked the nose ring.  
Lisa's eyes watered in pain but she continued to sob. I have to go, but I
  will not forget the bracelets. I intend to make both of you pay for them, in
  full"  
The Doctor gathered her belongings into a large black bag.  
"Shave her, then it's close cage, make sure she cannot get at those rings."  
"She's not a real Doctor you know. I think she's just a nurse or something"  
Sapphire talked while soaping Lisa's genitals with a shaving brush. Lisa
  stood impassively, submitting, too tired to fight any more.  
 "She was bang out of order putting in that nose ring. I bet I get into trouble
  for it. I'm going to tell Opal, she's head girl. The master listens to her"  
Lisa ignored Sapphire's twittering and tried to get herself back together.  
"I'm going to get you clean, and then I'm afraid it's back to the cage. If
  you're good, I'll take off the hood and the gag. You'll have to try to sleep.
  You need to get sleep, that's really important; you need to be alert here.
  The close cage is really uncomfortable, new girls aren't usually put into that
  thing. She's out of control". Sapphire barely took a breath as words tumbled
  from her mouth.  
Lisa thought the safety of a cage sounded good, at least they couldn't get
  to you. To have the hood and gag off too made her long to be there already.  
"Soon be over," chirped Sapphire.  
Lisa knew in her heart this was simply not true. This was the start of a
  nightmare. She shivered as she felt the cold smooth blade of the razor make
  its first pass over her mound.  
TBC  
Chapter 5 &ndash; A Bracelet Removed  
Lisa spent a restless night suspended above the ground in the close cage.
  She slept for only short periods. The slightest movement causing the cage to
  sway from the chain threaded through the pulley overhead. Lisa had still worn
  the hood when Sapphire had secured her in the cage. She would have struggled
  if she had realised where she was being placed. Her ankle chain had been removed
  and she was forced to sit facing what she thought was the back of the cage,
  her legs out in front of her. Sapphire pushed her forward, forcing her to shuffle
  further forward. As Sapphire closed and bolted the door behind her, Lisa felt
  the steel bars push against the back of her chained arms. Sapphire was good
  to her word and removed the gag and hood. Lisa, fearing more punishment, stifled
  a cry as she looked at the cage she was locked in. It only allowed her to sit
  upright with her feet pulled forward. Her discomfort increased as her ankles
  were then pulled through the front of the bars, Sapphire clipping a padlock
  through the two ankle rings. The connected anklets preventing her from pulling
  her legs back into the cage. Sapphire moved to the wall and began turning a
  small winch. As the handle rotated, the cage slowly began to rise off the floor.
  The cage soon dangled four feet in the air from its attached chain. Lisa's
  feet dangled down in front of her, the weight of the heavy padlock pulling
  down on the thick anklets. . Lisa would be forced to stay sitting upright in
  the cage's tight confines. She began to complain but Sapphire waved the gag
  in front of her, the meaning obvious. The gag was still wet with saliva and
  her jaw still sore from being stretched open by the large rubber ball. Sapphire
  left without a word, turning off the light and plunging the prison into half
  darkness.  
The cage swung gently as Lisa struggled to find a comfortable position. Two
  small barred windows high up in the wall provided blue light from the clear
  night sky. Lisa examined her prison, the high position finally allowing her
  a complete view of the room. She could make out shapes moving in the cells
  lining the walls. A face appeared from out of the darkness of the nearest cage
  startling her. The woman looked up at her curiously. She was crouching on all
  fours, large breasts hanging pendant, the moonlight reflecting off her nipple
  bells and the metal collar locked on her neck. Lisa could see two other occupants
  trying to get comfortable in their iron-fronted cages. She had always known
  in her heart that this was no simple kidnapping but the sight of the other
  naked captives made her shiver. The girls bedded down without speaking, each
  clutching a small woollen blanket about them. Lisa decided that it was wise
  not to speak. She was still sore from being shaved and her nipples ached terribly.
  She stared down at her new body. She was completely bare between her legs,
  a red shaving rash the only sign of where her pubic hair used to be. Lisa sobbed
  when she saw again the large rings piercing her breasts. Lisa shifted her wrists
  in the cuffs, feeling the space between her wrist and the obdurate metal. She
  tried futilely to pull her arms around to feel what they had done to her body.
  The padlock rattled noisily against the back of the cage but continued to hold
  her fast.  
 "Quit your fidgeting, some of us are trying to sleep"  
Lisa could not see where the voice had come from. Tears trickled down her
  cheek but Lisa sniffed back the new tears. She moved the nose ring gently with
  her tongue, examining its size, but the slightest movement against her septum
  caused it to throb intensely. She let the nose ring drop, once again hanging
  down humiliatingly against her top lip. Lisa sobbed silently, the gentle sway
  of the cage eventually easing her into an exhausted sleep.  
Sapphire released Lisa from her cage at first light. She had slept fitfully
  all night, waking regularly to try to get the feeling back into her chained
  arms. She sighed in relief as Sapphire released the padlocks holding her wrists
  and ankles and lowered the cage. Lisa fell backwards as the rear door opened,
  Sapphire supporting her beneath the arms as she pulled her out of the cage.
  Lisa moaned as she moved her arms slowly forward, Sapphire helped her rub some
  feeling back into them. After she stretched, Sapphire helped her to her feet
  and led her stumbling to the front of the cage. It was the first time her arms
  had been free since she had been chained by Carl the previous day. Her body
  ached too much to think of escape or struggle.  
"On your knees"  
Lisa gingerly lowered herself to the floor and moved her aching body into
  the position she had been taught the previous day. Sapphire used her foot to
  push Lisa's knees further apart, her shaved sex made clear for all to see.
  Lisa blushed as she felt the eyes of the caged women upon her. The women, on
  hands and knees, stared blankly at her through the cage bars. A wide black
  leather belt was then wrapped around Lisa's waist. Lisa gasped as its two straps
  were pulled tight behind her and buckled shut. Lisa heard the familiar click
  of padlocks as Sapphire secured each buckle. The locked buckles and the natural
  flaring of her hips removing any thought of slipping it from her body.  
"Remember talking is a privilege and that includes to the other girls. You
  will speak only when addressed directly, do you understand slut?" Sapphire
  looked down at Lisa expectantly. "Well?"  
"Yes"  
"Yes what?"  
"Yes mistress"  
Sapphire unlocked the three occupied cages. The girls remained kneeling in
  their kennels.  
"Slaves out"  
The girls crawled out of their cages and knelt gracefully with their hands,
  palms up, resting on their spread legs. Black leather belts had also been locked
  around their waists, rings dangling from the belt on four sides. The belts
  were buckled tight, almost like a corset. Lisa could feel her own waist being
  pulled in, extenuating her figure. It was not uncomfortable, but she imagined,
  after a time, it would become so. The girls all wore the familiar steel bands
  on ankles, wrists and neck. Lisa noticed the collars did not have a stone like
  Sapphire's instead a small round tag, dangled from their collar ring. She could
  just make out a small yellow flower on the tag of the woman nearest to her.
  The woman, as if unaware of Lisa's attention continued to look forward. She
  was the largest of the former cage occupants. Her plump face showed no expression
  as she sat, back straight, eyes down. Permed blond hair hung down to her shoulders
  hiding the sides of her collar. Her cuffs seemed a size to small and her wrist
  bulged slightly around their edges. The collar also appeared to fit more snugly
  than the other girls' neckbands, sitting high on her neck, pushing tight under
  her chin. The black leather encircling her waist exaggerated her large breasts.
  Lisa looked down conscious of what she felt were her own small breasts. She
  knew she would rather be kneeling, chained and naked in front of a man, than
  these critical eyes.  
"Bangles" Sapphire commanded.  
The women placed their hands out in front of them and shook their wrists.
  The wrist rings tapped against the metal cuffs.  
"Enough"  
The women returned their hands to their thighs.  
"Good girls, no punishments, if you continue this today, you'll receive a
  treat tonight"  
Sapphire turned angrily towards Lisa.  
"Are you stupid Slut? Copy what the rest of the girls do"  
Sapphire was obviously still smarting from the previous day, As Sapphire
  had unlocked the cages Lisa noticed five long red marks on her back and realised,
  in horror, that Sapphire was under the same discipline as herself. Lisa quickly
  held her arms out in front of her and shook her wrists. The two bangles rattled
  together, the humiliating jangle of bells accompanying them.  
"Ah yes, I forgot about that. Well I should give you five for your speaking,
  and let the master decide on that second bangle. Buttercup give me a hand"  
The plump girl got to her feet and walked over to Lisa. Sapphire shackled
  Lisa's wrist behind her back with a length of gleaming steel chain, then, with
  Buttercup's assistance, took her by the upper arms and pulled her to the centre
  of the cell. As Sapphire lowered a chain run though a pulley in the ceiling,
  Buttercup connected it to the wrist chain. Almost immediately, Sapphire pulled
  the chain, forcing Lisa's arms up behind her back. Sapphire continued to pull
  until Lisa felt her shoulders were almost being wrenched out of their sockets.
  Sapphire gave her a little more slack before tying off the pulley.  
"Paddle"  
Buttercup ran to the back wall. Lisa twisted around to see Buttercup give,
  what looked like, a leather table tennis bat to Sapphire.  
"Please don't hit me mistress. I'll be good. I didn't know the rules"  
 Lisa struggled against the chain, trying futilely to pull away. She knew
  the idiocy of her resistance but she knew she did not want to feel the sting
  of leather again. Instead of hitting her Sapphire whispered into her ear.  
"It's not so bad, it will be over soon. Bite this."  
She held out a length of wood wrapped in cloth for Lisa to bite on. Lisa
  spat on her hand. Sapphire immediately brought the leather paddle down across
  her rear. Lisa gasped in pain, too shocked to scream. She screamed on the next
  blow as the full force of Sapphire's back swing slapped into her. Lisa twisted
  and turned on the chain trying to avoid the next blow, but Sapphire was too
  quick and her body exploded with pain as the next swipe hit her.  
"Hold still for the next two, or you will receive them again"  
"Please Mistress I understand, Please Mistress I'll be good. I can't take
  any more."  
Two more blows followed and on each, Lisa felt as if she was going to lose
  consciousness.  
"It's finished"  
Sapphire kissed her gently on the cheek and stroked the hair from her eyes.
  A small key was inserted in the side of one of the bangles and it dropped open.
  Sapphire removed the steel bracelet, clicking it shut before hanging it on
  a hook with many others on the wall.  
"So yes or no" Sapphire announced to the room. Turning back and explaining
  to Lisa. "It's a tradition with new girls."  
"Yes definitely" Buttercup said cruelly.  
The other two girls whispered their agreement.  
Before Lisa could prevent it, Sapphire pushed a finger into her. Lisa bucked
  away, but Sapphire had already managed to put a full finger inside her. Her
  pussy squelched as the intruding finger flicked out. As if to confirm the noise,
  Sapphire held up a glistening finger.  
"You like being spanked, Slut? All that noise and you were actually enjoying
  it."  
Lisa sagged against the chain sobbing into her chest. She was so confused.
  The feel of the cuffs and her helplessness was almost erotic. She had never
  been turned on by being dominated though she had to admit no man had ever had
  the nerve to tie her up or spank her. She assured herself, she was not excited
  by this, but her stinging arse and the aching in her pussy said otherwise.
  Lisa shuddered as she imagined what sex would be like chained. She twisted
  her wrists in the cuffs feeling, stronger than ever, the sense of vulnerability
  and helplessness they forced upon her.  
Lisa was released from the ceiling and made to stand. Sapphire unlocked one
  end of the wrist chain and attached it to the side of the belt. She then got
  an identical length of chain and connected the other of Lisa's wrist cuffs
  to the opposite side of the belt. Lisa let her hands drop to her side, feeling
  the pull of the short chains on her cuffs. Locked to the belt Lisa only had
  about 12 inches of reach on either side. Lisa turned back to watch Sapphire
  retrieved a small box from a back wall shelf. Lisa shivered as she saw for
  the first time the vast array of punishment devices and restraints hanging
  from the wall.  
"Now what do we have?"  
Sapphire rummaged through the small metal tags in the box. Each tag had a
  flower painted beautifully in enamel on one side.  
"Snowdrop... no too cutesy" she continued to search through the box.  
"Perfect. "  
Sapphire showed Lisa the tag before clipping it to the front ring of the
  collar. The tag fell against the steel like a small pendant, the red flower
  naming her like a household pet.  
"Poppy, go to the cell beside Buttercup's, that's where you'll be caged.
  When you come in of an evening, you will return there. Do you understand?" Lisa
  was horrified to be addressed as Poppy. She realised the whole procedure was
  designed to humiliate her, the chains, the collar and now her new name. She
  refused to let them win.  
"I understand Mistress"  
"You are not an I, you are Poppy, do you understand?"  
Lisa smiled mockingly at Sapphire.  
"Poppy understands"  
Sapphire paused, unsure of how to respond to the obvious insolence.  
"Well, go to your cell and kneel like the other girls"  
As she walked towards her cell, Lisa smiled at her small victory. Her occasional
  commanding talk could not hide what a push over Sapphire really was.  
Sapphire placed metal bowls in front of each woman. The bowls contained a
  thick white porridge. Lisa knew she had to eat, but she hated porridge.  
"Eat!"  
Lisa was surprised at the speed the girls dug into their food. They ate crouching,
  palms flat on the floor beside the bowl, lapping at the food like hungry cats.
  Lisa copied and licked up her first mouthful of luke warm porridge. The taste
  was not the problem but rather the lack of it. She swallowed down the stodgy
  lumps with difficulty and was surprised that she was first to finish, her hunger
  overriding the humiliation of being fed like a dog.  
"Hurry up Lilly"  
Sapphire stood over the young woman as she struggled to gulp down the remainder
  of her food. Lilly's small pert breasts were covered in the porridge that spilled
  from her mouth, her tanned skin contrasting starkly with the lumps of white.
  Young Asian eyes bulged as she repeatedly gagged on the food. Lisa judged,
  by her earlier reply she was probably American, in her early twenties. Sapphire
  placed a foot on Lily's head forcing her further into the bowl. When her head
  was released, Lilly gasped for air, more porridge on her face than in her mouth.
  She quickly resumed eating. Sapphire picked up the empty bowl as the last large
  lump was swallowed.  
"Enough, Buttercup please get the buckets we are running late. Opal will
  have us all in bangles if you are late for her dance class"  
Buttercup fetched four metal buckets and placed them in front of each girl.
  Lisa recognised the same bucket she had been given when she had been caged
  the previous day. Without instruction, the women squatted over the buckets
  and without embarrassment began to relieve themselves.  
"Quickly Poppy you will not be able to go again until this afternoon"  
She reluctantly squatted over the rim and began. Lisa looked up at the girl
  opposite her squatting over the bucket. Despite the woman's ungainly position,
  Lisa thought her beautiful. Brown eyes stared down in concentration, her wide
  mouth grimacing. Her breasts thrust out, firm, almost as if they were silicon,
  their gentle sway and movement leaving the observer in no doubt they were natural.
  Two rings and dangling bells tugged down on her large nipples. The bells jangling
  at a slightly lower pitch than Lisa's own, as she pissed into the bucket. Her
  long dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail. She was the only woman wearing
  jewellery, large gold looped earrings that tapped against her collar when her
  head moved. The girl looked up, as if suddenly aware of Lisa's staring. Lisa
  saw the small red rose painted on the tag dangling from her collar before quickly
  looking down. She immediately realised her error. It was humiliating enough
  to be made to use a bucket but the girls shared the decency of not looking
  at each other. One by one, the girls were led to a small plastic hose positioned
  over a metal grate in the floor and allowed to wash. On Lisa's turn, she had
  already seen the girls gasp and shiver as they tried their best to wash themselves.
  Lisa was last and was not surprised at the cold water that hit her when Sapphire
  turned on the tap. She tried her best to get clean. Each girl was allowed a
  minute to wash and drink from the hose. Sapphire urged her to get her full,
  telling her that she could not be sure of when she would be watered next. Lisa
  quickly gulped down water before Sapphire turned off the hose.  
"Coffle"  
Rose and Lilly got to their feet and moved to stand in front of Lisa.  
"Buttercup get in coffle"  
Buttercup looked confused as the other two girls assumed their positions
  shoulder to shoulder facing the door.  
"But mistress I've been excused coffle for the last week since Marigold,
  I mean Mistress Emerald, graduated."  
"Well Buttercup we now have a new slave and chained to your experience I'm
  sure she'll pick the ropes in no time"  
"But mistress."  
"Do it please Buttercup?"  
Buttercup glared at Sapphire but reluctantly took her place to be chained
  to Lisa.  
Chapter 6 &ndash; The Pleasure Class 
Lisa sweated under the heat of the midday sun, a small sackcloth tunic the
  only protection from its glare. The tunics split sides allowed her wrists still
  to be chained to the sides of her belt. She had been working in the vegetable
  garden since the early afternoon, her body was still aching from the previous
  night's confinement and the morning's rigorous lessons.  
 Lisa felt an angry tug on the ankle chain and got to her feet. Her partner
  did not wait for her and moved over to the next row of vegetables. Lisa barely
  had time to grasp hold of the weed basket before the ankle chain pulled her
  sideways. She was forced to hop as her right foot was dragged forward by Buttercup.
  Lisa quickly assumed her position squatting on the floor beside Buttercup and
  began removing more weeds into the basket. Lisa had only heard her 'partner'
  referred to as "Buttercup", the yellow flower on a tag dangling from her collar.
  As she bent forward to weed, her own nametag dangled against her chin. She
  hated wearing her name like a household pet, but she was also relieved that
  it was Poppy, Buttercup sounded like a name you would use for a cow. Lisa had
  been chained to Buttercup since breakfast, being released only for the dance
  lesson and the pleasure slave class. Lisa had almost enjoyed the dance glass
  run by Opal. Except for the occasional swipe of a switch if she positioned
  her body wrong, it was almost fun. Opal was one of the most graceful and beautiful
  women Lisa had ever seen and taught them in a calm, almost casual manner but
  even Buttercup showed her the utmost respect. A black stone shone from the
  centre of her collar, naming her as clearly as the tag dangling from Lisa's
  own. The girls referred to her as Mistress but the collar and the steel bracelets
  gracing her wrist and ankles left Lisa in no doubt that she was almost certainly
  a slave. Most of lesson they were taught positions, the other girls seemed
  to know the routines very well and Lisa presumed they were for her benefit.
  She had learnt about 10 positions and their corresponding command words. Most
  of the postures seemed to be positions for being chained or tied, presenting
  arms out, wrists together or hands behind the back or neck. Some were for displaying
  her sex or rear for inspection. Opal had spent a long time perfecting Lisa's
  kneeling position. Every time she thought she had learnt it, Opal was always
  straightening her back or repositioning her hands on her thighs. Two angry
  stripes on Lisa's back marked where instruction had to be repeated more than
  once.  
Buttercup snapped her from her thoughts with a sharp tug of the ankle chain
  giving her self more slack to move down the row. She was a very fast worker
  and Lisa, encumbered by her shackled wrists, struggled to keep up. Sapphire
  had already brought the strap down on her for leaving too many weeds. From
  the moment their ankles were joined Buttercup had made it very clear to Lisa
  she was not happy about the chain that connected their two anklets. She made
  no effort to allow Lisa to walk in step, her strength allowing her to pull
  Lisa around as if she were on a leash. Lisa looked in envy at Rose and Lilly,
  as they seemed to move almost gracefully, the chain, never tight, pulling along
  the ground in a steady rhythm behind them. Lisa tugged again at the heart shaped
  piece of metal between her legs trying to reposition it so it did not pinch
  when she crouched. She could barely get her finger between her body and the
  metal. The heart was a souvenir of the Pleasure class. The curved metal heart
  hanging from two chains connected to the front of her belt. A thin chain, attached
  to the curved base of the heart, pulled up between her legs and locked to the
  back ring of her belt. The chain pulling up tight into her like a cheap g-string.
  She still ached from being denied fulfilment during the class. The belt had
  been locked on her to stop her touching herself, gaining any relief from the
  frustrating heat between her legs. She felt the familiar butterflies as she
  remembered what had happened  
The Pleasure class began immediately after the dance class. Opal explaining
  that they were taught first thing in the morning when they least felt like
  dancing or performing in order that they be able to reproduce it at any time,
  irrespective of their mood. Lisa blushed as she remembered the humiliation
  of the second class. Opal informed the girls that they would be practicing
  pleasuring a man whilst on top. Lisa had been singled out to go first and had
  been ordered to kneel in front of the group. Her right wrist had then been
  shackled to her right anklet and the left wrist to her left, forcing her to
  remain kneeling. She was surprised to be chained again as the padlocked steel
  door sealing the room removed any temptation of escape. Opal handed Buttercup
  a bundle of straps that she then attached to her belt pulling the thinner of
  the straps tight between her legs. As Buttercup turned, Lisa almost screamed
  as she saw the six-inch black rubber phallus upright between Buttercup's legs.
  Lisa twisted in the cuffs wishing for the strength to snap them in two as Buttercup
  stepped towards her. Buttercup lay down on the wooden floor and gestured Lisa
  to come over. Lisa shook her head, still twisting in the cuffs, pulling them
  tight against her ankles. Opal bent down and whispered in her ear.  
"You will do this slut, you will crawl on top of her and obey me with heart
  and soul or I promise you I will whip the skin from your back. You will hang
  in a cage day and night only to be brought down for your whippings, till your
  only wish is to obey me"  
Lisa recoiled at the vicious warning hissed into her ear.  
"Do it"  
Lisa moved forward on her knees without hesitation and straddled Buttercup,
  hovering over the upright phallus.  
"Now the skill is to warm yourself, whilst pleasuring him. He'll want to
  spear you straight away but you maybe too dry initially to take his full length." Lisa
  did not know what were worse the clinical instructions or the other girls watching
  her. She tried to blank it all out and concentrate on getting this over with
  as quickly as possible, she was in no doubt of the authenticity of Opal's threat.  
"Now Poppy just tease the bulb of the penis, rub it up and down your lips,
  pressing harder when it gets to your clit. Now this penis is obviously erect,
  but in order to mount as the first penetration, you may have to use your mouth
  initially."  
Lisa followed the instructions finding it tiring on her legs to hang above
  Buttercup but dreading the moment the dildo would enter her. She had used a
  vibrator before but nothing of the size and obvious shape of this one.  
"Good Poppy, good, you should be moistening now. Attempt to take the bulb
  of the penis into you. No, not too far down, don't be too eager; it's more
  like a peck on the cheek than a full-blown kiss. Pull straight off and continue
  to tease him a little."  
Lisa blushed as she released the penis with an audible squelch.  
"Perfect, a couple more strokes then take him by surprise, hover a little
  then take him almost half way into you. It's difficult with a piece of rubber
  but when you're riding the master's cock you'll be able to read how far and
  when to slide"  
Lisa could not believe how wet she was, fucking a phallus, in front of an
  audience. She shook her head feeling every part the slut they insisted on calling
  her. They ordered the release of her sexuality, allowed her no inhibitions,
  the element of freewill removed by the threat of Opal's whip. She almost felt
  liberated.  
"Slide down the cock now, full strokes. Lean forward more, you can tell you
  are at the right angle many ways. You should hear the tap of the collar ring
  on every down movement. But the main one, which is the beauty of being a good
  pleasure slave, is that if you're hitting his spot perfectly you should feel
  the top of him rubbing constantly against your clit"  
Lisa pulled at the cuffs, her hands sprayed out, their tightness increasing
  the feeling growing inside her. She was gasping now, lost in the moment. The
  crop whipped down across her rear.  
"Slow down. Do not come, until I tell you, you can get pleasure but do not
  forget your purpose, you are a slave and as such are here for one thing and
  one thing only, to pleasure your owner."  
Lisa felt the pain but only gasped, continuing the full strokes up and down
  the black glistening rubber.  
"Ok speed up and bring yourself to almost orgasm. I'm warning you if you
  come, I will know. You must learn to control, some masters will allow you to
  orgasm at will, while others will control that as tightly as that pretty collar
  on your neck"  
"Stop," shouted a male voice.  
Lisa continued, ignoring the command, desperate for the rush that was soon
  to engulf her.  
"Stop I said"  
Opal grabbed her under the arms and wrenched her backwards. The dildo pulled
  tight against her before painfully flicking out as she was thrown backwards.
  Lisa pressed her legs together and rolled into a ball, the pain of the dildo
  and the frustration of not coming uniting between her legs. Lisa lay on the
  floor, regaining her breath, her body still throbbing with need.  
 "On you knees slut"  
Lisa struggled to her knees, panting, her skin red and blotchy from the excitement.  
"Where is that proud business woman, I sat next to on the plane? Looks like
  all we have here is a naked slave, fucking a dildo for fulfilment. Do you want
  to come slut?"  
Lisa stared up at Carl before realising her error and quickly looking down.  
"Yes master"  
"No say it," Carl reached down and lifted up her collar tag.  
"Poppy, an excellent name for a simple dungeon slut. I asked you a question
  Poppy"  
"I, I mean, Poppy wants to come master"  
 "Well Poppy, I want to feel that first slave orgasm. Chain her in my quarters
  tonight, until then, belt that hot cunt of hers"  
"But Master she's untrained, it's most irregular" Opal protested.  
"Opal don't question me, just do it"  
"Please Master, it will upset her training. Opal can please her Master better
  than any dungeon slut. "  
"Opal, open your mouth again and you too will be JUST a dungeon slut"  
Opal sank to her knees and pressed her lips against Carl's shoes.  
"Opal is sorry she is such a worthless disobedient slave, shall I get a bangle?"  
"No just deliver Poppy to my room tonight, and get her clean first, I don't
  want her fouling my bed with that dirty body. "  
"Master should Opal still come to your room tonight?"  
"No, after you have secured Poppy and served dinner, ask the Harem Keeper
  for close chains and a kennel"  
 
  Opal had released Lisa's wrists from her ankles and immediately locked her
      in the heart shaped chastity belt. Her lips were still wet, sucking the
      cold flat steel of the metal heart to her body. The forced denial and the
      coolness of the metal locked between her legs, almost bringing her to orgasm.
      Opal then cuffed Lisa's hands behind her back and padlocked the front ring
      of the collar to the floor, forcing her to kneel bent forward.   
"Sit and simmer you whore"  
She was unsure how to feel about this ultimate control of her sexuality and
  the fact they believed she would touch herself to relieve the heat. She was
  sure that she would not do it while others were watching but maybe in the privacy
  of a cage she had to admit to herself that she might have been tempted to relieve
  the frustration between her legs.  
Lisa leant forward to mop her brow, the clink of her chains accompanying
  her every movement in the garden. Her wrists had been reattached to her belt
  for the garden work. She was the only girl in wrist chains, though Sapphire
  made no allowances for her. Someone kicked her leg and Lisa looked up to see
  Opal glaring down at her.  
"You have to come now, if you are to bath and prepare for tonight"  
Opal released the ankle chain from Buttercup and with the dangling end shackled
  her ankle cuffs together. With a satisfied smile, Buttercup quickly resumed
  her work. Opal pulled Lisa to her feet and unlocked her wrists, before using
  a padlock to connect them together behind her back. Opal then strapped a leather
  belt above Lisa's elbows pulling them together tight behind her back. It was
  a very uncomfortable tie and Lisa swallowed hard as she realised Opal was trying
  to hurt her. A short chain leash was attached to her collar.  
"Lead position"  
Opal did not wait to see if Lisa understood the command and pulled down on
  the leash so Lisa's head was almost at her hip and set off down the hill towards
  the villa. Lisa staggered behind her trying to keep up, forced to stare down
  at her anklets and the bells dangling from her nipples.  
"Mistress I'm sorry, I know you care about him, I don't want to go to his
  room"  
Opal stopped and pushed a ball gag deep into Lisa's mouth, buckling it viciously
  tight.  
The leash tugged again at the collar locked around her throat and Lisa resumed
  her step beside Opal, the nipple bells of each woman almost jingling in unison.
  Lisa felt the tears welling in her eyes again, not just from the tight gag
  but the realisation that without trying she had made another enemy.  
TBC  
Chapter 7 - The Master's Room 
Lisa nervously adjusted her position, she had lost track of time since Jade
  had chained her to the floor ring at the foot of the four-poster bed. Her wrist
  cuffs locked with a heavy padlock behind her back and a long chain connecting
  her collar to an iron loop and plate bolted to the floor were her only restraints.
  It must have been over an hour since she had been instructed to kneel, knees
  spread, sitting back on her heels. She took a deep breath, having to suck each
  gasp of air through the tight confines of the brown leather hood. Jade had
  pulled the mask over her head and tightened the strings at the back until the
  brown leather felt like a second skin. It had plunged her into darkness and
  silence, the hood holding her jaw shut forcing her to suck air through barely
  opened lips. She shook her head rattling the padlock securing the hood's wide
  leather collar over the band of steel on her neck. Lisa, disobeying instructions,
  had investigated the extent of her bonds. The neck chain allowed her to stand
  and sit on the edge of the bed but soon she felt the tug of the floor ring
  pulling her back as if reminding her that her position was on the floor. Jade
  had not told her when the master would return but was told, if she broke position,
  he would punish her. 
Lisa shivered as she concentrated on the weight of the collar and chain dangling
  between her breasts. The cold links of the chain rested against her body, despite
  the security of the belt locked between her legs, her spread thighs displayed
  her for his use. She knew she was to be raped, how any man could resist a naked
  woman, totally vulnerable chained in his room. He had made his intentions clear
  when he ordered her to his chamber. Lisa was not a virgin, she had had many
  lovers, but the thought of being so powerless in the grip of a stranger terrified
  her. This was not to be an equal relationship, the steel and the three rings
  piercing her body left her under no illusion as to her position. The clumsy
  but effective treatment since Carl had locked the collar around her neck was
  designed to humiliate and degrade her. She was unsure whether her compliance
  was because the training was succeeding or whether she was just playing their
  game. Only the week before she had been leading a board meeting, now she was
  a naked slave girl awaiting a master, she wanted her old life back. 
Lisa tried to ignore the warmth beneath the steel heart locked between her
  legs. The cuffs dug into her wrists as she tried to pull her arms free, she
  stopped her struggles when she realised how much it was exciting her. Her body
  wanted to feel him move inside her and the steel denying her release intensified
  the feeling. She shook her head trying to shake the idea from her mind, but
  every movement with its jangling of chain and bells forced the idea back to
  the front of her mind. 
Lisa straightened her body as she heard the door of the bedroom open. Carl
  strode across the room, ignoring her presence. He removed his watch and placed
  it on the dresser before slowly removing his clothes, folding and placing them
  methodically on a chair. Lisa moaned into the hood unclear whether it was fear
  or desire coursing through her body. The sound of his bare feet on the wooden
  floor got closer before he came to a halt, sitting down on the edge of the
  bed above her. She squirmed as he lifted the bell piercing her right nipple,
  letting it drop against her breast, the pain of the new ring still fresh. 
Carl grabbed a handful of chain and pulled her forward, the speed and force
  taking her by surprise. He removed the padlock holding the rear chain of her
  chastity belt, allowing it to drop down onto the floor. Carl released the three
  buckles holding the leather belt around her waist and the thick leather dropped
  down onto her thighs. Carl pulled her back onto her heels. As the heart-shaped
  metal fell onto the floor between her knees, she blushed beneath the hood as
  the wetness of her pussy kissed the metal farewell. Barely touching her skin,
  he traced a finger down between her breasts, the links of the neck chain slipping
  one by one over his finger as he drew an invisible line down her stomach. Lisa
  knelt perfectly still in her darkness allowing his finger to come to rest directly
  on top of her clit. He pressed down firmly before sliding his finger inside
  her. Lisa fell forward attempting to pull away from him, her body convulsing
  at his touch. He stepped down on the chain, forcing her to keep her head to
  the floor. He pushed his hand between her arse cheeks before again, sliding
  two fingers into her wet pussy. Lisa was unable to stop him probing deep into
  her, the easy sliding motion exhibiting her heat and her body's readiness for
  sex. She could barely catch her breath now, sucking harder against the leather
  trying to pull in more air. As quickly as it began, he stopped, lifting his
  foot from the neck chain. 
Position 
She instinctively struggled back onto her heels, knees wide and back straight.
  The training was working, obeying was becoming second nature. Carl leaned back
  onto the bed and reached for a set of keys on the bedside table. The padlock
  behind her neck securing the leather collar clicked open; he loosened the leather
  strap and the hood before pulling the brown leather from her head. She blinked
  up at her captor, the dim light of a small candle providing the only light
  in the room. Carl smiled down at her. 
Has no one told you that a slave does not look a free person in the eye without
  permission? 
Lisa stared down at the chain curled loosely on the floor in front of her,
  still a prisoner of the large padlock threaded through the last ring of the
  chain and the floor ring. He brushed the hair from her eyes tucking the blonde
  strands behind her ear. He gently lifted the nose ring from her top lip holding
  it between thumb and forefinger. 
&quot;Did the Doctor put that in?&quot; 
She nodded, being careful not to move her head or the nose ring too much,
  the ring through her septum still the most painful of all the metal they had
  put in her. He sighed before letting go of the steel ring, her eyes watering
  as it dropped back onto her lip. 
 Despite the nose jewellery you're a respectable piece of
  slave meat. I think you will brush up nicely&quot; 
Lisa went to reply but immediately thought better of it. Carl noticing her
  hesitation waved her to continue. 
&quot; You're free to speak &quot; 
&quot;I'm not a slave... Master&quot; 
The obvious contradiction brought an immediate smile to Carl's lips. 
&quot;Well Poppy, I think appearances suggest otherwise. Your life as a free
  woman ended when you were collared. Lisa died on the plane and the slave Poppy
  was born when that tag was clipped onto your neck. The sooner you accept what
  your body is telling you, the easier it will be for you. It's hard for me to
  believe that this is your first time under the whip, if I'd not read your profile
  I would have taken you for a trained submissive. The change from the uptight
  businesswoman of only two days ago to the slave girl sitting obediently in
  her chains is remarkable. Most girls would be fighting and pleading for their
  freedom, not trying to cum on their master's fingers.&quot; 
Lisa lifted her head, regaining her composure. 
I doubt fighting and begging would make any difference to the way you treat
  me. In fact, I think you enjoy that and I'm not going to give you the satisfaction.
  So the way I see it, I'm just more intelligent than the usual girl you kidnap.&quot; 
&quot;I'm sure there is some element of truth in what you say. You're certainly
  a curious one but I'm afraid your body betrays your true nature. He held out
  the fingers he had used to touch her. Taste&quot; 
Lisa thought for a moment before leaning forward to take his fingers into
  her mouth. 
Lick them, don't suck. Only a fool puts his fingers in an untrained mouth&quot; 
She smelt her own musty aroma before tasting her own juices as she brushed
  her tongue along the length of his finger. Carl pulled his hand away, her nipple
  bell jangled as he wiped himself clean on her left breast. Lisa decided that
  permission to speak was still in effect. 
&quot;It doesn't prove anything that my body prepares itself to be raped by
  you. You're obviously very skilled at what you do and I have no control over
  what you do to my body. But I'll tell you this, you can whip me and keep me
  in chains and I imagine now you're going to rape me but you'll never make me
  a slave. You disgust me; remember that, you disgust me&quot; 
Carl stroked her head patronisingly. 
&quot;I know you're scared but can you honestly tell me there's not a part
  of you that's excited and intrigued by what we're doing to you. There's not
  an irrational excitement and curiosity about what I'm going to do to you tonight?
  I saw you fucking this afternoon you were lost, somewhere else. I don't think
  you've ever let yourself go like that. You are a sexual creature Poppy and
  maybe, just maybe the steel locked around that pretty neck will finally give
  you the freedom to accept and enjoy who you are.&quot; 
Lisa shook her head, feeling the closeness of the collar, they were always
  reminding her of the band on her neck, and she was under no illusion to its
  significance. Animals wore collars and that's all she was to them, an animal.
  The leash rattled as she shook her head in denial. 
&quot;No, no I'm not a slave, you'll never make me accept that&quot; she almost
  whispered her protest. 
She was so confused. She knew he was right, there was a part of her that loved
  the removal of her freedoms, being forced to submit to them, but she knew what
  they were doing was wrong; slavery could not exist for a modern woman living
  in the 21st century. Carl slipped his hand beneath her collar and gripping
  it tightly pulled her into a kiss. She tried to move her head to the side,
  holding her lips tightly shut but the tightness of the collar kept her in the
  embrace. He pushed his tongue deeply into her mouth and kissed her. The collar
  pulled tight against the back of her neck as he lifted her up onto the bed.
  He loosened his hold slipping his hand down to the neck chain, still keeping
  the upward pressure, forcing her to crawl up onto the bed. Lisa felt the collar
  twist around on her neck, the chain pulling taut behind her. Lisa stopped,
  realising he no longer had hold of her, and she was moving forward of her own
  will. He pulled back, the lips parting, the chain preventing her moving any
  closer to him. 
&quot;Please&quot; Lisa begged. 
&quot;Please what?&quot; 
Lisa pulled against the chain, her mouth still waiting, open, for him to kiss
  her again. 
A slave begs use?&quot; 
&quot;Yes, anything, unchain me&quot; 
&quot;Ask for it&quot; 
&quot;I... Lisa groaned, twisting her wrists inside the obdurate metal. &quot;Poppy... She
  paused, unsure she could ask him to do the unthinkable. ... Begs use&quot; 
Carl reached for the keys and unlocked the collar from the chain. Lisa sighed,
  free of the leash, he roughly pulled the collar back around so the front ring
  hung again below her chin. He did not remove the padlock connecting her wrist
  cuffs together and she was unable to break her fall as he pushed her forward
  onto the bed. He reached into the bedside table drawer and removed a ring wrapped
  in leather with two leather straps attached to each side. 
&quot;Open your mouth&quot; 
Lisa gingerly opened her mouth and Carl, kneeling over her, pushed the ring
  between her teeth. She moaned as he tightened the straps behind her head, the O ring
  keeping her from biting down but allowing full access to her open mouth. He
  twisted her over and pushed her to the side of the bed, lying down in front
  of her. 
&quot;Pleasure me&quot; 
Lisa used her elbows to push herself on to her knees, the change of pace making
  her question the decision to succumb to her emotions. She pulled against the
  bracelets, feeling their snug reassurance she had no choice. He would take
  her whether she was complicit or not. The cuffs dug into her wrists and she
  felt the familiar charge course through her body. She lent forward and attempted
  to get his penis into her mouth. He slapped her firmly across the cheek. 
&quot;This is not a sprint, I said pleasure me. Pleasure my body slut. Get
  me ready to fuck you&quot; 
He pushed her head down, pressing her mouth against his upper thigh. She pushed
  her tongue hard into his flesh, kneading the tight muscle, biting down on the
  gag and moaning with need. 
Vary the pressure with your tongue; use your breath to change the sensation&quot; 
His instructions were soon replaced with a gentle moaning, her confidence
  growing as she felt him move under her. Carl moaned with pleasure as Lisa worked
  her way up his body. She thrust her tongue hard into his nipple, the drool
  dripping from her open mouth lubricating his body. It was hard to balance with
  her arms pinioned behind her, feeling his hardness as she placed her knee between
  his legs and straddled his thigh. She almost fell on top of him as she tried
  to rub herself against him. She brushed her nipple bells gently against his
  chest making them chime in time with the movement of her tongue on his neck.
  He gasped in pleasure, grabbing her arse before sliding his hand up between
  her legs. Lisa bit down hard on the O ring as he slid two fingers into her,
  massaging her with each tinkle of bells. Her control of him had gone and she
  laid her head against the pillow holding her tongue against his neck, her arse
  in the air pushing against his hand. She was on a cliff waiting for the wave
  to pull her into the water. As if sensing her imminent climax he stopped, pushing
  her away. Lisa screamed into the gag, pulling at the cuffs, trying to hit him
  in frustration. Carl rose to his knees and grabbing a clump of her hair he
  threw her forward, her head bouncing on the pillow. She heard him fumbling
  for the keys on the bedside table. He thrust the key into the padlock connecting
  her wrist restraints and she sighed with relief as her arms were freed. He
  flipped her back around and straddling her belly reached down behind the bed
  pulling up two lengths of gleaming chain. 
Lisa begged him as best she could not to chain her again but he ignored the
  protests and gripping her left cuff pulled her arm back up behind her head.
  He twisted the bracelet around before connecting the side ring to a dog clip
  at the end of one of the chains, repeating the process with the right bangle.
  The chains gave her little movement keeping her arms stretched wide behind
  her head. He lifted her head up and unbuckled the gag, kissing her gently on
  the lips. Climbing off her, he reopened the drawer beside the bed and removed
  a red ball gag. He kissed her again before pushing the large rubber ball into
  her mouth. She did not know why he gagged her but was secretly pleased that
  the option of protest had been denied her. 
It was now her turn to receive the attention of his mouth. Beginning at her
  shoulder, he worked his way up her collarbone nibbling and kissing until she
  felt in brush against the collar. He slipped his tongue up between the metal
  and her neck, pushing it up hard against her chin forcing her to feel the edge
  of the steel band. He moved along the side of her body kissing and biting his
  way down her right leg to the anklet locked around her ankle. He roughly turned
  the manacle so the ring lay on the outside. She felt the weight of a chain
  attached to the shackle. Moving between her legs Carl pushed her thighs apart
  with his knee and soon her left ankle wore a matching chain. 
Lisa spread-eagled on the bed, unable to protect herself, her body totally
  at his mercy. He kissed her nipples, enveloping each nipple ring and then tugging
  at it with his teeth as he pulled back. She tensed, pulling against all four
  chains feeling him brush against her cunt, teasing that he was about to enter
  her. He held the left nipple ring in his mouth pulling back hard, the pain
  of the new piercing meshing with the pleasure of his tongue. He pulled forward,
  lifting her breast and at the same time slid his full-length into her. Lisa
  bucked, thrusting her hips up to meet him. Carl moved to his knees, maintaining
  the slow rhythmic thrusts, he lifted her hips so her clit received the full-length
  of each stroke. Her arms pulled out straight, the skin bunching at the top
  of each cuff, her fingers splayed out wide. This time he did not stop her coming.
  She screamed with pleasure into the gag filling her mouth. Breathing heavily
  through her nose she tried to break away from him needing a rest from the intensity
  already building again inside her. To the accompaniment of rattling chains
  and muffled cries, she came twice more before she felt him explode into her.
  He finished his final thrusts pushing deep inside her before withdrawing, leaving
  her twitching at the restraints holding her body. Her body filled with a warm
  glow, it had felt right, a master taking what was his. She felt the tears coming
  as she realised what she had done. Her earlier protestations seemed empty now,
  as she lay back in the manacles. He was right, it had not been Lisa chained
  on the bed, the tag dangling from the steel neckband declared who she was,
  Poppy the slave girl. 
Chapter 8 - The Graduation 
The coffle shuffled along the narrow path, winding its way down from the vineyard.
  The women had worked hard all day, almost completing the harvesting of the
  upper field. Sapphire punished the day before for not meeting her quota had
  wielded the quirt a lot more liberally than usual. Her dark mood had quickly
  lifted when she had seen the full baskets the girls produced by the end of
  the day. Lisa remained chained to Buttercup but they had learnt to work as
  a team and walking with the ankle chain was becoming almost second nature.
  The soreness around the right ankle cuff was beginning to heal as she learnt
  to move within the rounded edges of the steel manacle. Sapphire shouted her
  permission for the girls to talk. 
&quot;Mistress, is it true that there's a graduation tonight? Rose shouted
  to Sapphire. 
&quot;You know I'm not allowed to say, but put it this way, I think one of
  you will not be in the fields tomorrow,&quot; Sapphire gave a knowing smile. 
&quot;Oh my God, this time it has to be you Buttercup, you've been here the
  longest. I wonder what they will call you,&quot; Lilly whispered in hushed
  tones. 
Lilly was painfully shy but always eager to please both her captors and fellow
  captives. Her clumsiness meant she felt the lash more than the other girls,
  but punishment often made her awkwardness worse. She was probably the most
  popular amongst the girls and even Buttercup was very protective of her. 
They'll find a big dirty stone and name you Pebble,&quot; laughed Rose. 
Buttercup laughed good-naturedly. 
If I'm Pebble this makes this lump Bam-Bam&quot; jabbing a finger in Lisa's
  direction .The talk of a graduation obviously cheering her up, her usual scowl
  replaced with an uncharacteristic smile. 
Lilly flicked her dark hair back over her shoulder, the long dark strands
  falling down to almost the centre of her back. She was the smallest of the
  three; the shiny steel of her cuffs looked big and heavy locked on her small
  lithe figure. The metal bangle danced on her slim ankle as she walked, pulled
  about by the chain connecting her to Rose. The heavy nipple rings and bells
  danced erotically on her small pert breasts. Beautiful Chinese eyes turned
  to face Lisa. 
&quot;We get cakes too when there's a graduation and all the punishment bracelets
  are removed&quot; Lilly said excitedly to Lisa. 
I'd have misbehaved more if I knew there was going to be a graduation,&quot; said
  Rose, always finding a joke even in the most difficult of circumstances. 
The girls all laughed, caught up in the good mood. It was at times like this
  when Lisa felt most uneasy. It was unsettling when the girls treated their
  predicament as if it were normal. It disturbed her when they laughed and joked
  about which of them was going to be made a pleasure slave in the big house.
  She was angry at them for their acceptance, their compliance with the people
  who had done this to them. Lisa was relieved that the bracelets were to be
  forgiven as she wore one on each wrist and ankle. The Doctor had given her
  a bracelet each time they had met in the villa, accusing her of insolent stares.
  She knew the real reason was because the Doctor enjoyed beating her, she took
  too much pleasure in mistreating all the girls. Opal had also given her a punishment
  for her lack of progress in dance class. Lisa knew she was no worse than any
  of the other girls, in fact, she was almost taking pride in the way she was
  learning to move, but Opal made no effort to hide her dislike. Twice after
  the days work had finished, when the other girls were resting in their cages,
  Opal had taken Lisa running along the beach. She was very fit and Lisa had
  struggled behind her, pulled by a leather thong looped through her nose ring.
  Lisa hated running, it was always the worse part of her gym routine and the
  two-mile run was doubly hard with her hands fettered behind her, forced into
  a lung-bursting jog so there was always slack in the nose leash. 
Lisa did not know why Opal was still angry, as Carl had ignored her since
  the night in his room. She had woken alone, a chain running to her right anklet
  her only bond. He had used her more times that night in various positions,
  ensuring she was always restrained in some way, whether by the neck, spread-eagled
  or chained on all fours while he entered her from behind. In the early hours
  of the morning, he had released her, leaving only a chain running from her
  anklet to a bedpost. Lisa was so tired but strangely relaxed and she spoke
  with surprising ease to him until the dawn broke. She lay, resting her head
  on his chest telling him about her former life, her old boyfriends, the job,
  and the loneliness of being a single girl in a big city. While she talked,
  his hands continued to explore her body, playing with her breasts and the bells
  at her nipples, or hooking his finger in the loop of her collar and sliding
  it around on her neck. She loved the intimacy of his touch, the way he made
  her aware of the steel locked on her body. It was as if each time he touched
  her he reinforced his ownership of her. If being owned was like this, she was
  almost glad of the snug steel band locked on her neck. She felt they had made
  a connection that evening which made his treatment of her afterwards so distressing. 
Soon after she woke, Opal had come to unchain her and after snapping on a
  leash dragged her to dance training. She received no breakfast and was not
  allowed to wash or relieve herself. Throughout the class, Opal had repeatedly
  sniffed at Lisa telling her she smelt like a cum-bucket. Since that day, Lisa
  had only seen Carl once when he had come to inspect the progress of the harvest.
  Opal had been with him, wide leather cuffs lined with bells and a tight corset
  her only garb. Despite being on a leash and the sound of clashing bells accompanying
  every step Opal followed proudly behind him, a smug smile never leaving her
  lips. Opal had suggested to Sapphire that Lisa's baskets was not as full as
  the other girls which was plainly not true but Carl acted with complete indifference
  as Lisa received five strokes of Sapphire's thin leather riding crop. 
With the clanking of chains, the coffle made its slow way down the narrow
  path and obediently fell silent as it entered the courtyard of the villa. Lisa's
  heart sank as she saw the Doctor standing legs apart and hands on hips, on
  the front lawn. A tight black leather dress barely covered her large breasts
  and shapely legs. A narrow leather collar buckled high on her neck, black wrist
  cuffs and a long leather whip hanging from a wide belt completed her intimidating
  outfit. 
&quot;Sluts, in a line, all facing me&quot; shouted the Doctor. 
The girls shuffled onto the lawn and formed a line in front of the leather-clad
  woman. Lisa felt Buttercup tremble beside her; everyone was scared of the Doctor,
  as they had all been her victim at some time during their incarceration. The
  Doctor unclipped the whip. 
&quot;Kneel to the whip&quot; reinforcing the command, she slapped the whip
  against her open palm. 
Lilly squealed in horror at the sound of leather. They fell to their knees,
  crossing their wrists beneath them and touching their heads to the floor. Kneeling
  to the whip exposed the bow of the back in the submissive posture of a slave
  girl who is about to be punished. The Doctor walked slowly down the line of
  girls, brushing the blade of the whip across their backs. The girls could not
  help but shiver as the leather slipped across their exposed bodies, each of
  them expecting a blow at any time. She stopped at Lisa using her foot to push
  her face deeper into the grass, the steel at her wrists pushing into her naked
  breasts. The Doctor turned angrily around at Sapphire who was following sheepishly
  behind her. 
&quot;Stop following me like a little puppy, in fact, join the line and spread
  those thighs, get that fat ass of yours in the air&quot; 
Sapphire quickly threw herself to the ground at the end of the line, her long
  red hair thrown forward, the back of the steel collar clearly visible as it
  slipped higher on her slim neck. The Doctor continued her walk dragging the
  whip menacingly across the girls' shoulders. As she reached the end of the
  line, she brought the whip down hard across Sapphire's back. Sapphire screamed
  in pain but did not break position. 
&quot;I have some good news for you. Firstly, one of you is about graduate.
  Personally I think there isn't one of you who doesn't need a few more weeks
  in the pen but after a personal request from Carl I've agreed to allow it.&quot; 
Lisa's heart leapt at the sound of Carl's name, maybe he was going to allow
  her into the house, but she knew it was Buttercup's turn. 
For one of you, tonight you will sleep in a bed, be allowed clothes, and
  some freedom to move around this beautiful place but remember you are still
  just a slut, still subject to the same discipline as before.  
Look at all of you, you are the lowest of womankind, simple, stupid playthings
  ready to throw open your legs to any cock that comes along. That's what makes
  us different, you wouldn't have been chosen otherwise. You wouldn't have taken
  to this life so easily if you weren't begging to be mastered. I'm right am
  I not Lilly?&quot; 
&quot;Yes mistress&quot; Lilly replied nervously. 
The Doctor always took great delight in tormenting Lilly, the weakest link
  in the chain, the easiest to scare. The Doctor obviously aroused by dominating
  the trembling figure in front of her, drank in her fear. 
&quot;Clean my feet&quot; 
Lilly frantically began licking the Doctor's feet, moving her tongue between
  the toes. 
&quot;You love being a slave don't you Lilly? You love your collar&quot; 
&quot;Yes mistress, Lilly loves her collar,&quot; mumbled Lilly her tongue
  lapping at the Doctor's foot. 
Stop&quot; the Doctor pushed her back into line. 
&quot;Oh yes the good news&quot; 
The Doctor reached down and pulling Sapphire back by the hair prised the red
  stone from the centre of her collar. 
&quot;I don't understand mistress&quot; 
Sapphire's outburst was swiftly rewarded with a hard slap across the cheek.
  The Doctor walked slowly over to Rose, removing a set of keys from her belt
  as she went. She removed the padlock connecting the chain between Lilly and
  Rose's ankle bracelets. 
&quot;Look up child 
Rose raised her head cautiously and the Doctor clipped the red stone into
  her collar, and then removed the painted nametag. 
&quot;Congratulations Sapphire, now go to the harem keeper and tell him you're
  the new house slut&quot; 
Rose looked round confused unsure of what was happening. 
&quot;Quickly before I regret my decision. You are now Sapphire the house
  slave&quot; 
Rose did not need telling again, got to her feet and ran towards the villa. 
&quot;And the last bit of good news is that I will be your new trainer. We
  decided that this slut&quot; the Doctor clipped the nametag to the collar of
  the slave formerly known as Sapphire. 
&quot;We decided that... Rose&quot; she smirked as she elongated the name. &quot;Has
  been too lenient and responsibility for breaking you sluts to your collar is
  too much for her. I always knew she didn't have what it takes. She's too eager
  to please, only interested in sliding cock into that gaping cunt, behaving
  like the whore she is. So we need to reduce her down to her base element, her
  true calling, a simple pleasure slut. You're going up for auction Rose, you
  don't cut it here. But I suggested before that, a refresher course in the pens
  would be in order. The master, of course, agreed with my recommendation. Rose,
  chain yourself to Lilly here&quot; 
Rose could no longer hold back the tears and sobbed as she knelt beside Lilly,
  threading the hasp of the padlock through her ankle ring and clicking it shut.
  Lisa shuddered as the woman who placed them in their chains earlier in the
  day joined them in bondage. 
The Doctor ushered the girls back down to the pens. It was a sad group that
  stumbled its way down the steps and into slave pens. The new girl Rose still
  sobbed and a shocked Buttercup stared down at her feet in a state of disbelief.
  Lisa was suddenly conscious of the tinkling bracelets tapping with each step
  above her cuffs; she was now sure they would not be removed until she received
  the 20 blows they signified. The chains had never felt so heavy. 
They were usually unchained and fed after the main cell door shut. Lisa had
  become used to eating from the floor. She hardly noticed anymore the noise
  of the girls' collar tags tapping against the metal bowls as they lapped up
  the food, making the room sound like a boarding kennel at feeding time. She
  was usually too hungry to be concerned about eating like a household pet. 
Buttercup moved slowly beside her, reluctant to take her place in front of
  the cages. Lisa was not sure whether Buttercup was about to scream or burst
  into tears. Her chained companion seemed to be finding it hard to breathe.
  Lisa recognised a condition she herself suffered from, a panic attack. She
  wanted to comfort her but was never sure what Buttercup's reaction would be.
  Without warning Buttercup lunged towards the Doctor grabbing for the keys at
  her belt. 
&quot;Let me out! Let me out of here. I don't want to be here. I shouldn't
  be here.&quot; 
The Doctor struggled with her frantic assailant, both of them pulling hair
  and throwing random ineffective punches. The two women clattered to the floor
  pulling Lisa, on her chain, into the melee. The Doctor, grabbing a clump of
  Buttercup's blonde hair, pulled her head back and shouted at Lisa. 
&quot;Move away, pull her away you stupid bitch&quot; 
Lisa lent down and pulled at the ankle chain, Buttercup's leg stretched out
  taut but her strength and the ferocity of the attack prevented Lisa pulling
  her any further. Lisa did succeed in putting Buttercup slightly off-balance
  and the Doctor was able to climb on top, pinning her attacker's arms to her
  side. The Doctor slapped Buttercup's face swinging her hand back and striking
  her again. The fight seemed to leave Buttercup and the Doctor did not waste
  an instant, yanking her by the hair and dragging her into a large cage in the
  corner of the cell. Lisa hopped behind before the Doctor stepped back and kicked
  her hard in the back. Lisa immediately lost her balance and with a jangle of
  chain stumbled onto Buttercup's prone body. The cage door slammed shut. Buttercup
  pushed Lisa aside and scrambled to her feet, lunging at the retreating Doctor,
  throwing herself against the metal bars. 
The Doctor straightened her clothes and tidied her hair before turning her
  glare to the two caged women. She threw two padlocks and a bundle of chain
  into the cage. 
&quot;Poppy, if by morning she's not hogtied and nipple clamped so tightly
  those red little buds are about to burst you will receive exactly the same
  punishment as this slut. I can assure you my sweet Buttercup I am going to
  take great pleasure in extracting every ounce of your punishment. I will make
  you so sorry for ever raising a hand against me.&quot; 
The Doctor spun around and threw the keys down in front of Rose. 
Unlock those ankle chains and get in your kennels. There'll be no food for
  anyone today.&quot; 
Rose frantically removed the chain and both girls leapt to the back of their
  cages pulling shut the doors behind them. Stooping to pick up the keys and
  without a backward look, the Doctor stomped from the room. 
Buttercup noticed Lisa looking nervously at the bundle of chain at the centre
  of the cage. 
&quot;Don't even think about it, whore. Don't even think about it&quot; 








Chapter 9 - Buttercup's Story

 
  DT
   jim
  2
  36
  2006-07-06T10:58:00Z
  2006-07-06T10:58:00Z
  1
  1698
  9682
  Magus Research
  80
  22
  11358
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 9 - Buttercup's Story

&nbsp;

Buttercup sat against the back of the cage
disconsolately pulling at her right wrist cuff, trying to slip her chubby hand
from the obdurate steel. The futility of
escaping from her bondage finally forced her to place her head in her hands and
sob uncontrollably.

&nbsp;

Lisa sat as far back as the ankle chain would allow,
fearing another outburst from the larger woman.
The chains still lay in a bundle in the center of the cage.

&nbsp;

&quot;I won't chain you&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&quot; Buttercups tear-stained face looked
up angrily.

&nbsp;

&quot;I said I won't chain you, mistress&quot;,
whispered Lisa.

&nbsp;

Buttercup did not reply but she could no longer
maintain her anger and tears once again began falling down her cheeks. Lisa gingerly crawled towards her chained
companion and placed a tentative arm around her shoulders.

&nbsp;

Its ok, itll be over soon Mistress, they wont keep
us here forever. Well get out, soon well get their trust and then we can get
out of here. The act of kindness broke
Buttercups last remaining composure and her body began to wrack with sobs.

&nbsp;

&quot;My name is Jennifer, Jen, my name is Jen. Don't
call me mistress&quot;

&nbsp;

Lisa was never very good at consoling crying people
she always felt awkward when people broke down in front of her but she could
not help pulling the crying woman a little closer.

&nbsp;

Lisa lifted up Buttercup's chin and looked into her
eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nice to meet you Jen&quot;

&nbsp;

Buttercup managed a smile through her tears, before
looking back down. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What do you do Jen? I mean in the real world,
what did you used to do?&quot;

&nbsp;

Buttercup stifled her sobs, breathing more slowly,
trying to calm herself.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm... I'm unemployed&quot;, laughing
unconvincingly at her own admission, &quot;That's how I got here. &quot;

&nbsp;

Lisa laughed, pleased to have stemmed the tears. It was the first time that Lisa had seen
Buttercup as a woman in the same position as herself. She had always been Sapphire's assistant but
now Lisa only saw another naked victim of this madness.

&nbsp;

&quot;How did you end up here?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I think they call it a honey trap. I was suckered by a pretty face.&quot; Buttercup choked away another sob and wiped
the tears from her face.

&nbsp;

It was Carl. I met him holidaying with my
friend. He was so charming and I was
feeling so sorry from myself after losing my job. I suppose he knew that, knew I was
vulnerable, needing some attention. A
few dinners and I was hooked. I couldnt
believe my luck, here was this charming good-looking rich guy just treating me
like a princess. Big fat me, like I was
some supermodel. She laughed self-consciously.

&nbsp;

He invited me and my friend on to his yacht. He said we were going on a tour around the island. I cant believe how stupid I was, why I
didnt question why this guy wanted to take me on his yacht.

&nbsp;

Youre pretty, dont put yourself down. They wouldnt have taken you if you werent 

&nbsp;

Buttercup sighed. 

&nbsp;

I suppose it doesnt really matter now. You dont know the best part. I just let him do this to me, no struggle,
nothing. I was crawling at his feet like
a stupid horny bitch, without him even trying.
He had some chains hanging on the cabin wall. I spotted them as soon as I walked in, I
couldnt keep my eyes off them. Why I didnt just turn and run then, I dont
know. I suppose I trusted him, just saw
it as another part of this surreal adventure I was on. I asked him what they
were and he gave me some story about his family making their money in the slave
business and how they were replica of what they used to keep the woman they
captured in. I asked him if he would buy
me if I were a slave. I thought I was being
so racy, like I was playing a role in a movie.
He made me feel so confident, so alive, like I could do anything. I felt like I was in charge for the first
time in so long. He told me that it was
impossible to tell, as slaves were always naked when they were valued. I was so turned on by his little game. Id always felt like I was boring, my
boyfriends treated me like I was. Here I
was playing a kinky game with this handsome guy who could not take his eyes off
me. I undid my bikini and stood in front
of him naked, posing like I was in some beauty pageant. He didnt say anything
just went to the wall and took down the chains.
As soon as I saw him take them down, I just wanted him to chain me up.
Can you believe that? 

&nbsp;

Buttercup pulled at the ring of her collar, twisting
the snug band around. Now Id do anything to get this fucking thing off

&nbsp;

They gave me mine as a present, Lisa admitted. I
let him put it on me. I lifted up my
hair and let him put it around my neck.
You didnt know, how could we, how could anyone imagine this. 

&nbsp;

Buttercup let go of the ring and let her hands fall to
her lap.

&nbsp;

I suppose the rest is obvious. He shackled my ankles first, there was a
chain connecting them to the cuffs and collar.
He worked his way up my body, kissing his way up my thigh. Id never felt anything like it. I loved the tightness of the cuffs pulling on
my ankles. He then licked me between my legs.
I tried to push him away, but he just took my wrists and locked the
cuffs on them, still licking and nibbling, I thought I was going to
explode. Id never even been tied up before. Do you know the crazy thing, I felt so
liberated. Id always found sex so
awkward, never knowing quite where to lie or what to do. He took all that away,
it was just so simple. He slipped this thing around my neck and locked it. I pulled at the wrist cuffs and I felt the
cold chain touch me between my legs and I just came. The best orgasm Id ever
had. He took that as his cue and moved away.
I just fell to the floor. I was
shaking, and pulling at the chains, it felt like it would never end. He went to a drawer and took out a chain and
locked it to my collar. He could have
done anything to me then, I was totally his.
I can imagine now how ridiculous I looked squirming about on the floor,
turning myself on. He pulled me to my
hands and knees and walked me across the floor.
I followed him panting like a pet dog on a leash. I was so excited, trying to imagine what he
was going to do to me next. It wasnt
until he started pulling me out the cabin that I freaked out a little. I didnt
want anyone to see me like that. I
started to get frightened, imagining my friend seeing me naked and chained on
my hands and knees. He just pulled
harder and became cold, not listening to me.
He pulled me up to my feet and dragged me along to my cabin. He threw me in and locked the door. My friend was on the bed, out cold. She was naked wearing the exact same chains
as me. I went crazy trying to get out. I
tried to wake my friend but she was drugged.
He left me there all night. The
next day he came in and shook my friend awake.
He ignored us and put gags in our mouths to shut us up. He locked my leash to Kathys collar. He had a thin stick with him, which he used
to herd us off the boat. I couldnt
believe it. He had no emotion as he
whipped us down to this place. It all
seemed unreal, shuffling along, being pulled behind my friend, a ball strapped
in my mouth

&nbsp;

Wheres your friend?


Kathy? She graduated a couple of weeks ago and I havent seen her since. It was my turn to get out of here. I dont know why they havent taken me out of
here. I do what they say, I try to be a good slave, I do what they say, why am
I still here? Buttercup began to cry
again. Lisa hugged her, trying to
console the sobbing woman.

&nbsp;

You should chain me up, theyll hurt us even more if
you dont, Lisa looked reluctantly at the gleaming chain at the center of the
cage.

&nbsp;

Please, you have to. Its too late for me. You
havent done anything wrong. Please I
want you to

&nbsp;

Lisa reached over and picked up the two lengths of
chain. Buttercup lay on her stomach in
front of her and placed her hands behind her back. Lisa hesitated, still unsure what to do. 

&nbsp;

Please, just do it, begged Buttercup.

&nbsp;

Lisa took the
chain and with the two padlocks secured the two wrist cuffs together.

Now chain my ankles and thread it around the chain on
my wrists. Lisa obeyed her
instructions. Buttercup groaned as her
feet were pulled up into a hogtie. The
two chains grated against each other as Buttercup tried to get
comfortable. She rolled over on to her
side.

&nbsp;

Now the clamps 

&nbsp;

Lisa took one of the small clamps and slipped it over
the bell and ring piercing Buttercups nipple and tightened at the base of the
pert bud. She turned the screw forcing
the nipple to swell. Buttercup moaned as
it bit into her.

&nbsp;

Tighter, two more turns. Shell check

&nbsp;

Lisa unwillingly turned the screw twice more. Buttercup squealed as she made the last turn
but made no attempt to stop her. The
nipple swelled up over the clamp, the nipple ring pushing up against it. Lisa
quickly attached the second clamp, not wanting to prolong the torment any
longer than necessary. 

&nbsp;

Ahh, ahh, put it lower, further under the ring. Its pushing against it too much, Buttercup
twisted in pain, pulling hard at her cuffs.
Lisa quickly loosened the clamp and pushed it down lower on the
nipple. Buttercup breathed heavily,
overcoming the waves of pain from her swollen nipples. Her large melon breasts shook as she
unconsciously tried to shake off the clamps.
Lisa straightened out her chained leg moving it closer to Buttercups
raised ankles. The chain connecting the
two of their anklets making it difficult for them to sit close together. With difficulty Lisa moved so Buttercup was
between her thighs, her head resting on her lap and stroked her hair, trying to
calm her. 

&nbsp;

Thank you whispered Buttercup.

&nbsp;

What for?

&nbsp;

For being my friend

&nbsp;

Buttercup twisted around and gently kissed Lisa on the
belly. Lisa starred down at the chained
figure resting on her lap. The cuffs were locked tight around Buttercups wide
wrists and ankles. Lisa looked at the
wide thick collar, close fitting around Buttercups neck, allowing no space
between the steel and her skin. Her own
cuffs moved somewhat freely on her compared to Buttercups tight bonds. Buttercups restraints were surely more
uncomfortable than the rest of the womens. She imagined Buttercup willing
being locked in them and shivered as she remembered her own excitement as Carl
had shackled and fucked her, how she had also so easily submitted to him.

Lisa jerked in surprise as Buttercup kissed her gently
between her legs, sliding her tongue along the top of her shaven mound. Lisa instinctively pulled her knees up,
knocking Buttercup to the floor.



What are you doing?

&nbsp;

Im sorry, Im sorry Buttercup broke into tears,
pushing her face against the floor of the cage.



What have they done to me, I just wanted to thank
you, Im sorry. I just wanted to thank
you

&nbsp;

Lisa gently pulled her head back once more on to her
lap and stroked her hair from her eyes.

&nbsp;

Its ok Jen, a thank you is fine

&nbsp;

Dont call me that, you have to call me
Buttercup. Oh God. What have they done to me? Theyre right, Im
just a slut, a fat slut

&nbsp;

Stop it, youre just frightened and confused like the
rest of us. Dont let them get to you

Lisa felt Buttercups warm tears fall on her thighs.

&nbsp;

Whens this going to stop?

&nbsp;

Soon, I promise, very soon. Lisa hugged her sobbing companion. Buttercup seemed to calm a little with her
assurances. Lisa just wished she was a sure as she sounded.

&nbsp;














Chapter 10 - An Escape

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-09-04T14:50:00Z
  2006-09-04T14:50:00Z
  1
  2186
  12465
   
  103
  29
  14622
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   -1
   -1
   -1
   -1
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 10 - An Escape

&nbsp;

 Carl had
spent most of his working life capturing and training slaves. Malik had inherited the ailing business from
his father and through his astute business skills, Carl's assistance and a fair
degree of luck had built the company into a multimillion dollar concern. They had almost reached the stage where any
further expansion would increase their notoriety to the point where national
governments would begin to notice the disappearance of so many of their
citizens. 

&nbsp;

 The
acquisition and training of slaves was an expensive business and the market for
their sale relatively small. They vetted
all their clients as they had to ensure utmost secrecy and discretion. New owners had to prove that the slaves
could not escape or that they would not release them for whatever reason. A few clients were inclined to either trust
the women too much or release them from kindness.

&nbsp;

 Carl had
spent the last couple of weeks reacquiring a young Japanese slave who had
escaped from a harem a few miles from Marrakech. The necessity for speed had forced him to use outside contractors. The girl had fortunately taken time getting
to the city due to not speaking either English or Arabic. The operatives had wisely waited near her
embassy, hoping she would head there.
She was about to enter the embassy when a phazer was pushed into her
side and she was bundled into a waiting cab.
The operation was not a complete success as the operatives had taken
another girl too, mistaking her for the escapee. Despite the clients insistence on the return
of the girl Carl was making arrangements for their shipment back to the
villa. The relationship with the client
was to be terminated and they would have no further contact. Meanwhile the girls were in a safe house
awaiting their transfer.

&nbsp;

 Carl had
been sent photos of the escapee and the new girl. The mistakenly captured girl was pretty and
he had to admit the resemblance to the original slave was quite striking. He was already considering ways to salvage
something from the fiasco in Marrakech.
The girls were beautifully figured, with characteristic small breasts. Carl considered the large rings piercing the escaped slaves
nipples too large and heavy for the size of her breasts. A light delicate chain connecting two
discrete nipple rings would definitely be a more erotic option and he made a
note to have her modified when she arrived.
The new girl, chained and sobbing, looked confused and scared as she was
made to stand for her picture. He felt
some sympathy for her, her only mistake was being in the wrong place at the
wrong time. Her long dark hair was
dishevelled from her prolonged captivity in a small cage but her beauty was
obvious. She was naked apart from a
cheap pair of handcuffs locked too tightly around her narrow wrists and what
looked like a leather greyhound collar buckled around her neck. Her long thin neck allowing the wide band of
leather to sit comfortably. Carl was pleased the contractors understood the
need to get a new capture in a collar as soon as possible. The physical
restraint of the woman secondary to the psychological impact of wearing such an
obvious symbol of subservience and ownership.


&nbsp;

 The
escaped slave and the disappearance of the last accountant and had just been
the beginning of an unlucky time for the organisation. A business man had paid to have his old
school gym teacher taken. The woman had managed to wrestle free from her
abductors and make a run for it. Despite
being in her late forties and having her hands handcuffed behind her she had
got to safety. Two days later a
different team had made a move to capture an out of work actress who had caught
the eye of one of their largest clients.
The take had gone extremely well, until one of her acting group let
herself into the apartment. The two
kidnappers managed to subdue her without making too much noise but were then
interrupted as two more women walked in through the open rear door. The whole situation turned to farce with the
men chasing screaming women around the apartment. In the end they were both forced to flee
empty-handed. When the client decides on
the victim to take, rather than a general harvesting assignment, it is called a
custom take. With the custom take, due
the emotional attachment the client has with the potential slave it is
essential that they are planned and executed professionally. They would have to leave it for at least a
year before even considering taking the women again. The clients were furious, though no more so
than Malik who was enraged at the amateur nature of both of the takes. 

&nbsp;

 That
morning Carl had agreed to tighten everything up and promised a more hands on,
careful approach. The earlier discussion
of the recent blunders was why he was reluctant to tell Malik the latest
news. He walked slowly up to the waiting
limousine. Malik was expecting to see
his new accountant as the window wound down.

&nbsp;

 &quot;She's
gone&quot;

&nbsp;

 Malik
scowled &quot;Go and get her. I said she was to be excused the field
today. We need her head not her manual
labour&quot;

&nbsp;

 &quot;No I
mean she's gone. Escaped. She
overpowered the Doctor and made a run for it&quot;

&nbsp;

 &quot;Who
the fuck is the Doctor?

&nbsp;

 Carl
looked at his feet, reluctant to continue.


&nbsp;

 &quot;The
nurse, she calls herself the Doctor, she was in charge.

&nbsp;

 What
was Sapphire doing during all of this?&quot;

&nbsp;

 The
nurse demoted Sapphire back to the pens, so when I got there she was locked up
in a pen cage. It's a total fuck up down
there. I'm trying to get my head around it myself&quot;

&nbsp;

 &quot;For
fucks sake, tell me this is a joke. Get
everyone looking for her and tell&quot;, he spat the next words, &quot;The
Doctor, I'd like to see her as soon as young Lisa's back on a leash.&quot;

&nbsp;

 Lisa
slumped down against a tree. She was cut
and bruised from her flight through the forest.
Her wrist rings rattled loosely as she lifted up her foot trying to
remove small twigs and stones stuck in her bleeding sole. She had been on the run for what must have
been almost two hours now. The forest
was dense and since she had left the path the going was very slow. She was forced to move clutching her breasts
with both hands, to stop them painfully bouncing and to dampen the sound of the
nipple bells. The unexpected noise came
from the rings on her wrist and ankle cuffs that marked out a tap with every
step. The rings were threaded through an attachment on the side of each
cuff. The rings were not centred but
placed towards the top edge of the
cuff. Though the rings were almost two
inches in diameter they hung completely against the steel of the cuff when she
stood upright. She had not really
noticed the noise before as the rings were usually connected with chains
clinking between her wrists or dragging on the floor between her ankles. Moving silently through the forest was
impossible. 

&nbsp;

 Licking
her hand and wrist for lubrication, she once more tried to slip a cuff from her
wrist. She held on to the bracelet and
pulled hard but the metal was a perfect size, the thick rounded steel edge slid
up to just below the widest point of her wrist but refused to move
further. She decided on another course
of action, finding two rocks, one large and flat, the other rounded and heavy. Placing her wrist on the flat rock, she
brought down the smaller rock hard against the hinge of the cuff. The blow barely scratched the quarter inch
thick steel. She eventually gave up
fearing she was more likely to break her arm than get her wrist loose of the
encircling bond. The three inch high
cuffs locked on her limbs and the accursed collar around her throat would have
to be cut off when she got to freedom. 

&nbsp;

 At the
moment freedom seemed like a distant dream.
After the heady feeling of escaping into the forest and away from the
villa, the reality of her situation was dawning on her. She cursed not getting
some clothes or at least stealing the Doctor's boots. She had heard no one pursuing her and
wondered if she would have had the time to find some clothes and the keys to
her restraints before running. A stab of
guilt passed through her as she thought of the keys.

 

 The escape
had been completely unplanned. The Doctor had woken them in the early
morning. Standing, hands on hips, in
front of their cages. She wore the same
black leather outfit as the day before and was clearly relishing her new role
as trainer. The black leather dress and
the thick leather bands encircling her wrists and neck contrasted sharply with
the girls steel bands. It was not an
outfit of submission but instead reinforced her supreme power over her caged
captives. Lisa woke up leaning against
the cage wall, with Buttercup resting on her lap.

&nbsp;

 Have you two been getting up to no good, did
she lick you out little Poppy? 

&nbsp;

 The Doctors familiar sneer struck fear
through Lisa.

&nbsp;

 No mistress she answered too quickly.

&nbsp;

 Now dont lie to me Poppy. Im in the mood
for a whipping today. Did she lick you
out?

 

 Lisa hesitated, looking down at the prone
figure of Buttercup, who looked up pleadingly.

&nbsp;

 She didnt lick me out mistress, Lisa gulped
at the vulgar expression. 

&nbsp;

 The Doctor waited, not content by the answer.

&nbsp;

 She was going to but I stopped her mistress,
we didnt do anything wrong Lisa blushed in shame as she betrayed her
cellmate.

&nbsp;

 My my! You little whores. Your arm is not going to be big enough to fit
all the punishment bracelets youre about to get. Two little lesbians. 

&nbsp;

 The Doctor unlocked the cell door and clipped
the keys back on to her leather belt.
She unclipped the whip and gestured for Lisa to leave the cage.

&nbsp;

 Out! On your knees, in submission she
pointed with the whip to a spot in front of the cage.

&nbsp;

 Lisa slipped out from beneath Buttercups head
and rushed out to kneel, legs spread, in front of the cage. The Doctor took the ring of her collar
pulling it up, so the rolled steel edge pressed against Lisas chin.

&nbsp;

 Are you any good slut?

&nbsp;

 Mistress?

&nbsp;

 Dont play stupid, are you any good at
licking, can that lying tongue of yours do more than flap

&nbsp;

 Lisa was appalled at the idea of performing
oral sex on a woman, let alone the odious Doctor. The Doctor lifted up her skirt revealing a
untidy triangle of dark hair. Lisa
recoiled at the bush of hair, pulling back against the collar as the Doctor
tugged her closer. Lisa could smell the
Doctors musty arousal. As the Doctor
pulled her closer Lisa twisted her head
around forcing the collar to slide around her neck. She moaned as her cheek touched the matt of
damp hair.

&nbsp;

 Please Mistress, anything but that. Whip me
mistress, whip me instead Mistress  

 Lisa did not know why of all the things they
had made her do, the thought of this was just too much. 


 Oh I intend to whip you, but first youll
show me what a dirty little lesbian whore you are. 

&nbsp;

 She slapped Lisa hard across the cheek, moving
her head back so it was again facing her.
The collar was jerked forward and Lisas nose was plunged between the
Doctors spread legs. She felt the warm
and slimy dampness as her nose was forced into the Doctors fleshy folds . She
recoiled against the overwhelming smell managing again to twist away. The Doctor went for another slap but Lisas
hand rose instinctively. The Doctor squealed in frustration, trying to push
Lisa to the floor. Lisas fear made her
lash out. She almost expected to feel
the customary tug of a chain restraining her but for once her arms were
free. The slap missed its target but the
wrist manacle struck the Doctor hard on her temple. The Doctor fell backwards, slumping lifeless
to the floor unconscious and bleeding.
Lisa stared in horror at what she had done.

&nbsp;

 Kill her, make sure shes dead hissed
Buttercup.

&nbsp;

 I havent killed her, I cant have killed her

&nbsp;

 Make sure, kill her, its her or us, you have
to


 Im not killing anyone. Lisa wanted to vomit.

 

 Lisa tried to find a pulse on the Doctors
neck. She had no idea what she was doing but had always seen them do it that
way on television. Lisa sighed with
relief when the Doctor groaned. 

&nbsp;

 Unchain me, quickly we dont have much time.


&nbsp;

 Lisa fumbled for the keys but was unable to
unclip them from the loop.


 Its the small one, get it off the
ring. Quickly shes coming around

&nbsp;

 Lisa could still see no sign of life from the
Doctor apart from the odd groan but hurried anyway. She quickly unthreaded the key and released Buttercup from her chained hogtie. 

 Put
her in the cage Buttercup whispered. Get those cuffs from the wall, well
chain her around the bars. Itll be hours before they find her. Itll give us
chance to get away. We can run. I know theres people on the island who arent
a part of all this. I cant believe you hit her Buttercup was ecstatic.



 They
propped the Doctor up against the bars of the cell. Buttercup found a large red
ball gag and forced it into the Doctors mouth.
She buckled the gag so tightly that the straps cut into the Doctors bulging cheeks. Lisa retrieved a pair of cuffs from the
cupboard. The handcuffs had a centre
hinge rather than a chain to try and prevent the Doctor getting to her
gag. Buttercup took the cuffs and locked
one of the bracelets tightly around the Doctor's left wrist. As she stepped across the Doctors prone body
to secure the other hand behind her the Doctor had made her move. She grabbed Buttercups hand and skilfully
twisted her wrist, slamming the empty cuff against Buttercups chubby
wrist. The pawl swung around Buttercups
wrist just above the steel bracelet and the ratchet closed tight . Buttercup pulled back in horror. She reached for the key lying on the stone
floor but the Doctor had already spotted it, placing it in her mouth, The Doctor swallowed hard. 

&nbsp;

 Get help Poppy, go now. The Doctor mumbled, the exertion of the fight
finally having its toll.

&nbsp;

 Lisa, please get another key, Lisa please,
pleaded Buttercup pulling frantically at the cuff.

&nbsp;

 They have only one key Poppy, its pointless,
Get help and you wont be punished. I promise the Doctor mumbled into her
chest.

&nbsp;

 Lisa looked around at the other two caged
women. They shrunk back in their cages distancing themselves from the events. Lisa saw in their eyes they
were defeated, they would not even consider the possibility of escape. Lisa quickly made up her mind. This was her
chance, the chance she had been waiting for  

&nbsp;

 Im
sorry I promise Ill
get help. Im so sorry

&nbsp;

 You cant leave me. Dont leave me 

&nbsp;

 Im sorry

&nbsp;

 Lisa run from the room with Buttercup's screams of
abuse ringing in her ears.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steele


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





