BDSM Library - Maid For Fun




Maid For Fun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A friend is invited to play with a young housewife. MAID FOR FUN!  
 The drinks, sandwiches and cakes were neatly laid out in the kitchen, and
  Melody glanced at the clock to make sure that she had left herself enough time
  to get ready. She knew she would be in very hot water if she was late. Half
  past four, that gave her just an hour to prepare before the men got back from
  town. This was the first time that the games would involve another person and
  her heart skipped a beat every time she thought of it.  
 They had known Bob for some while and she was well aware that he found her
  attractive. The goodnight kiss he had given her after the last trip to the
  pub, when Steve had suggested that he might like come round one evening for
  some fun, had been accompanied by a very firm squeezing of her bottom and the
  comment that he couldn't wait to see it &quot;jiggle&quot;  
 A quick shower and then into the bedroom to see which clothes Steve had
  laid out for her to 'entertain' in later. Towelling herself dry she reached
  for the black stockings, fresh from their packet, and rolled them slowly up
  her tapered legs. Would there be a garter belt or must she have to use the
  two elastic bands that had so dug into her thighs the last time she played
  the games with Steve? To her relief the lacy black suspenders were there concealed
  by the stiffly boned Basque. Clipping the snaps into place at the top of the
  stockings her thoughts turned to the type of requests she was likely to receive
  later - would she scream as much this time?  
 Time was running short and so she quickly applied perfume to her neck, breasts
  and inner thighs before putting on the panties, &quot;hardly worth the effort&quot; she
  thought as the lacy string disappeared into the crack of her ample behind,
  the tufts of pubic hair clearly visible around the triangle of lace between
  her legs, &quot; No need to trim your pussy today, we'll take care of that
  later&quot; Steve had said as he left to meet Bob.  
 At least the black bra was suited to her boobs, the last one had been incapable
  of restraining her tits whilst Steve had been busy on other parts of her body.  
 Fitting the Basque presented a greater problem and it took several attempts,
  with breaks to catch her breath, before she had all the clasps secure. A look
  in the mirror confirmed how tight the Basque actually was, but she was sure
  that Steve would want Bob to tighten the cords a notch or two before the evening
  was over. The white silk blouse was as near transparent as made no difference
  and the bra and Basque were clearly visible through the pale material.  
 She looked down at the bed, expecting to see the leather micro skirt that
  had caused such a stir when Steve had her wear it on holiday, but it wasn't
  there. Instead there was a short maids skirt, complete with flouncy petticoat.
  As she put it on and tucked the blouse in she wondered again what sort of service
  she would be delivering tonight! As she thought about it she was not at all
  sure that she wanted to show her 'all' to another man, and Steve had made it
  quite clear that not only would Bob see it but he'd be free to do what he wanted
  with it as well.  
 She had just reached the bottom of the stairs when Steve and Bob came through
  the front door. Bobs eyes nearly fell out at the sight of Melody's outfit.
  His jaw dropped as his gaze moved from the three inch heels of her shoes up
  the legs to the little skirt, with the hint of stocking tops visible when ever
  she moved, and then up to the transparent blouse and ripe tits.  
 &quot;What do you say?&quot; Demanded Steve. &quot;Oh.... yes&quot; stammered
  Melody  
 &quot;I am here to serve you both. Your every wish for my body is a wish
  fulfilled. Do what ever you want.&quot;  
 She led the way into the sitting room, the men following every wiggle of
  her shapely arse. Once they were seated Melody went to collect the drinks and
  food. On her return Steve informed her that they would have them on the patio. &quot;But
  the neighbours will see me dressed like this!&quot;  
&quot;So they will&quot; was the curt reply. Out in the garden the sight
  of their personal maid waiting on them soon had the boys reaching out to stroke
  and fondle any parts of her that they could reach. When ever Melody bent down
  to pick things off the low bench they were rewarded with a fine view of creamy
  white thighs above the shear black of the stockings. She was sure that the
  old cow from next door had been watching as well from the upstairs window.  
 The snack over, Steve suggested that Bob might like Melody to show him the
  photograph album. So seated comfortably on the sofa Melody opened the 'big
  red book'. Page one contained a set of pictures of Melody dressed in stockings
  and suspenders in various poses showing everything she had to offer. The next
  pages went further..... and the shots caught, in glorious colour, Melody tied
  to a large pine bed with a range of articles placed up her fanny, a large vibrator
  in one was slightly out of focus, clearly buzzing away as fast as it could.
  A smile came to Bobs face at the sight of a cucumber embedded a good way up
  Melody's love cave.  
 &quot;Can we have a salad later?&quot; He asked.  
 &quot;I bought one specially.....and some other things as well. Steve said
  you would want to get your teeth into something tasty&quot; she quipped, warming
  to the role she was playing and suddenly feeling that a good fucking from Bob
  might not be such a bad idea after all.  
 The other pages of the album showed Melody strapped to benches, stairs,
  chairs, in fact to most places in the house, and it was clear that her bottom
  had been receiving some marked attention.  
 &quot;I think you had better have a good spanking this evening as well&quot; commented
  Bob.  
 &quot;You won't hurt me too much will you?&quot; Gasped Melody. But it was
  clear from the look in his eyes that inflicting a fair measure of pain was
  exactly what he had in mind.  
 &quot;So you like her bottom do you Bob&quot; Steve asked, well aware of
  the answer he would get.  
 &quot;I like all of what I've seen so far, and I can't wait to see the rest&quot; retorted
  a near breathless Bob  
 &quot;Well then we mustn't disappoint him then, must we Melody. Stand up
  and turn round&quot; Steve waited whilst she elegantly lifted herself from
  the sofa and stood with her back to Bob. As she did so she realised that there
  would be no going back from here...  
 &quot;Good now bend over slightly with you feet apart&quot;  
 Bob was presented with a perfect vision of her rounded bottom, and he reached
  forward and flicked the skirt over on to her back so that his view was clear.
  His fingers traced up and down inside the waiting thighs of the maid. &quot;Get
  the foot stool&quot; commanded Steve.  
 Complying - she knew what was coming next, she placed the stool in front
  of Bob's seat on the sofa and delicately sitting down on one end relined with
  her legs open to allow him access to her fanny.  
 &quot;Furry isn't it&quot; Bob remarked &quot;I prefer them clean shaved
  myself&quot;  
 &quot;Well that can be remedied. Play for a while, I'll be back in a moment&quot;  
 Bob needed no second invitation and reached forward to rub the mound between
  her parted legs. He was rewarded by a moan and the feel of slightly damp knickers
  as his fingers traced over the black triangle of lace.  
 Steve came back carrying a towel which he placed on the stool beneath Melody's
  bottom and eased the panties down her legs and over her feet.  
 &quot;There you go, she's all yours..... It's shearing time!&quot;  
 Amongst the shaving things Steve had also brought, Bob found an electric
  beard trimmer which he quickly put to use on the long curls of Melody's pussy.
  As they fell away he eased the vibrating head of the trimmers over her cunt
  lips causing an involuntary raising of her arse as she sought the source of
  the pressure. She tried to lie still and not react but the vibration was stimulating
  her fanny so. Having removed the curls Bob set to lathering a shaving brush
  which he liberally applied to her mound. The razor moved smoothly over her
  tummy and thighs, but he had difficulty getting into the folds of her cunt.  
 &quot;Open yourself up for Bob&quot; came the order. Immediately Melody
  reached down and held her fanny so that Bob could ease the blades over the
  full area.  
 When he was satisfied that all traces of hair had been removed Bob took
  her hand and squeezed a quantity of baby lotion on to it. Then guiding her
  hand to her now smooth fanny, helped her rub in the lotion to the mound, thighs
  and even inside the crack.  
 As she lay there with Bobs fingers exposing her most private places she
  felt a wave of shame mixed with a thrill of involuntary pleasure at the sensations
  she was receiving at his probing hands.  
 &quot;There, I think she is ready for action now!&quot; Said Bob.  
 &quot;Well go on and warm her bottom then.....we'll save the cane for later
  though.&quot;  
 Positioned over his lap Bob could hardly believe his good fortune. A woman
  whose arse he'd lusted after for ages was here presenting it, almost on a plate,
  for him to thrash. He lifted the skirt out of the way and caressed the twin
  cheeks for a few moments, occasionally delving into her fanny to feel the moist
  warmth exuding from between her legs. Her anus received a lot of attention
  to and he opened up her cheeks to run his finger round the tightly puckered
  hole.  
 &quot;Have you ever shagged her arse?&quot; Questioned Bob.  
 Bob was surprised when Steve said that he hadn't, at which point Melody
  shrieked &quot;It would hurt too much, I'd be torn in two&quot;  
 &quot;We'll see&quot; was all Bob replied....  
 The full examination over, it had taken a full ten minutes of probing and
  feeling, Bob brought back his hand and landed a spank on Melody's left cheek.
  Her bottom quivered and she took a sharp intake of breath. Swiftly a second
  and a third followed. Her bottom quickly turning from creamy white to rosy
  pink. With each slap to her left cheek Bobs index finger sought out and entered
  her anus, causing a squeal of surprise from the prostrate maid.  
 As the heat of her bottom increased with each spank she felt her fanny juices
  rising and before long she was raising her bottom to meet the expected hand.
  Bob noticed what she was doing and laughed  
 &quot;Our little slave is starting to like this too much&quot; He paused
  in his rhythm, letting her arse sink back before placing the next slap.  
 Twenty firm slaps had fallen, each with a satisfying plop and wobble, before
  Bob ceased and brusquely told Melody to get him a beer.  
 As she rose from his lap a cough from Steve reminded her.  
 &quot;Thankyou Bob&quot; she said stooping to kiss him giving him another
  close up of her tits.  
 Returning with the beers, Steve told her to remove her skirt, and turning
  round to do so Melody noticed for the first time the video camera held in his
  hand.  
 &quot;You're not filming this are you?&quot; She asked and pulled the black
  frill of her skirt fully over her bottom.  
 &quot;Of course, we might miss something the first time round&quot; Steve
  replied  
 Bob stood and deftly unclipped her skirt &quot;No covering up the goodies&quot; he
  chirped. Melody was placed in the centre of the room, her bottom in full view
  of both men for a full twenty minutes whilst they drank their beers and discussed
  the shape and colour of her tortured buns.  
 Finishing his drink first Steve stood up and approached Melody from behind,
  cupping her breasts through the fabric of her blouse. Then turning her to face
  Bob he passed his hand down her body and entered her fanny with two fingers,
  she sagged at the knees and let out a low groan as the fingers worked in and
  out of her smooth opening.  
 &quot;You're right, it is nice when it's been shaved this way Bob. Go and
  see what we've got in the kitchen would you.&quot;  
 Bob returned clutching a variety of objects from the kitchen.  
 &quot;We'll find a use for this lot, I'd lay money on it&quot;. Said Bob
  as he approached Melody holding a truly enormous cucumber.  
 She moved away slightly, pressing herself into Steve who was still holding
  onto tightly by her pussy.  
 &quot;Oh.....I think we had better use some of those ropes and things I
  saw in the photos before we really get down to work, we don't want her getting
  cold feet, I'll go and get them&quot; Said Bob.  
 Returning with a box, Bob took out a set of leather cuffs which Steve strapped
  tightly on to Melody's ankles, wrists, elbows and just above her knees. As
  he removed the blouse Bob grabbed at the straps of the bra, catching the pair
  of firm tits as they fell from their support. Melody struggled &quot;Gently&quot; she
  said &quot;you've got all night with them don't forget&quot; She felt more
  than worried that Bob would get carried away and do her some real harm.  
 Steve placed a three foot metal bar between her legs and snapped the clasps
  at each end into the ankle cuffs, then pulling her arms behind her back secured
  them together with another shorter bar. Next he clipped the elbow cuffs together
  making her tits thrust out proudly in front. Bob needed no further invitation
  and took one of the presented orbs deep into his mouth, sucking the hardening
  nipple in and out over the rough edges of his teeth.  
 A gag and harness were removed from the box, the ball placed first into
  her willingly opened mouth and secured with leather straps around and over
  her head.  
 &quot;There I think we are ready for phase two&quot; said Steve as Bob released
  the now throbbing nipple with a slurp.  
 They stood back and revelled in the vision of the helpless woman before
  them, her tits falling gently over the top of the Basque and her shaven fanny
  exposed beneath it.  
 Steve eased Melody over to the stool again and laid her back down so that
  her legs, spread by the bar gaped open. A large wide leather belt then secured
  her to the stool, causing her to gasp for breath as it was tightened over her
  tummy pulling her in to the fabric of the cushions.  
 Turning to the things he had brought in earlier Bob pulled out a large dirty
  carrot and traced its tip around the lips of Melody's fanny. Toying with her,
  first slipping it in a little way and then running its wet tip up and down
  her thighs. The more he played the more her hips revolved as she sought to
  impale herself on the carrots firmness.  
 Finally Bob stopped and holding the carrot before her face asked if she
  wanted it all the way in.  
 Her wide eyes and attempts to nod told the story and so Bob eased, gently
  at first and then with full force, the carrot up in to her waiting quim. In
  and out the carrot plunged leaving farm yard mud over her previously clean
  fanny and thighs.  
 Meanwhile Steve had removed the camera from the stand on which it had been
  resting and caught the scene in close up.  
 As the movements of her hips and the thrashing of her head gave away the
  fact that she was about to come Bob pulled the carrot out of her cunt, and
  the took a large bite out of it.  
 &quot;Now that's what I call salad dressing!&quot;  
 After giving Melody a moment to catch her breath they released her from
  the stool and the spreader bar. Then leading her out to the conservatory positioned
  her beneath one of the strong beams supporting the roof.  
 Her elbows and wrists were released only to have the wrists refastened,
  this time in front of her. A rope was slung over the beam and tied to the cuffs
  and with a yank Melody found herself able to only just reach the floor with
  the balls of her feet. While Steve checked that the windows and curtains were
  closed Bob went in search of a smooth wooden table tennis bat he'd seen earlier.  
 Laying the bat on a nearby table, and clearly in her view, he approached
  the trussed girl and kissed her nipples in turn sucking the hard points so
  deeply into his mouth that it seemed his intention was to get the whole boob
  in. Meanwhile Steve knelt before her, and having wiped the clinging mud away
  with a cloth set to licking her inner thighs and shaven cunt. The sensation
  of being helpless and having two men sucking on her body at once, was driving
  her wild and she pushed her mound out as much as she could so that Steve's
  tongue could reach further in to her.  
 Moving back the men surveyed their work, her gently gyrating hips and angry
  red nipples provided a great show. Whilst the look of pure sexual desire in
  her half closed eyes confirmed that she wanted, no, needed more.  
 Moving behind her with the bat Bob eased its edge up between her legs and
  on into the crease of her bottom, causing the flesh to be drawn with it. Again
  the sensation of the bat up so close to her fanny caused the heat to rise in
  her fanny and she pushed her bottom back, just in time to receive the first
  blow, full force, on her right cheek.  
 She screamed through the gag, as the pain swept through her bottom, and
  kicked her legs putting her full weight on the cuffs. Swiftly another, and
  then another, blow landed on her exposed bottom, turning it to the colour of
  ripe tomatoes.  
 The video camera caught the sight of the impacts and the reaction on Melody's
  face plus the sound of the gunshot slaps as wood connected with wobbling flesh.  
 Before long thirty blows had fallen and Bob stepped back to survey the result,
  then reaching forward he took the hot buns in has hands and squeezed them hard
  causing further moans of pain from the girl.  
 By now Bob was in the mood for satisfaction and Steve, seeing this, released
  the rope from the beam and secured it to one end of the study table, pulling
  it tight so that Melody was bent over with her tummy and boobs pressed along
  the length of its surface.  
 &quot;Just the right height for a good shafting!&quot; Said Bob reaching
  down to tie the ankle cuffs to the adjacent legs of the table.  
 Bob moved forward brandishing a bottle of baby lotion. &quot;Hold the cheeks
  open for me would you&quot; he asked. Placing the camera so that a full view
  could still be caught Steve spread Melody's red cheeks wide so that her cunt
  and anus were fully exposed.  
 &quot;As she felt her bottom being drawn open Melody suddenly realised what
  was about to happen. Her arse was going to be fucked, she felt sure that it
  would split if a man tried to get his cock up there. She screamed for them
  to stop, pleading with them to fuck her cunt, to thrash her arse again, anything
  but this. All the men could hear were muffled noises through the gag.  
 &quot;I think she wants it, don't you&quot; said Bob as he slipped the nozzle
  of the lotion bottle into her tight arse hole. He gave the bottle a hard squeeze
  before pulling it back and applying some more to the edges of her cheeks and
  round her fanny. Both men watched, fascinated, as a trickle of lotion seeped
  out of her arse.  
 With Steve still holding the girl open Bob eased his cock up to Melody's
  fanny and slipped it part way in. Waves of relief flooded over the woman as
  she felt the hardness entering her fanny. Pushing all the way in Bob was satisfied
  as he felt Melody moving back slightly towards him. The feeling of being fucked
  whilst unable to hold on to the man or take an active part in the love making
  was really turning her on.  
 As she felt the tidal wave of a climax approaching she was startled by Bobs
  fast withdrawal, she moved her bottom around trying to entice him back in.
  Back in was his intention but his aim wasn't on her fanny.  
 Spreading her cheeks Bob nosed the tip of his cock against the slippery
  hole of her arse, pushing it so that Melody could just feel the muscle being
  stretched ever so slightly. As he gently toyed with her she felt the heat returning
  to her fanny, so that as he eased the penis deeper into her tight little hole
  she was so caught up in the sensations rippling through her body that she set
  aside the sharp pain and felt herself trying to draw his rod deeper into her.  
 Releasing her cheeks Bob pushed his cock all the way in, causing the girls
  fanny to rub on the edge if the table, then he began a slow rhythmic fucking
  of her arse.  
 Though she felt as though she was being pulled apart, the feeling was magical
  and before long she was panting into the gag as her body exploded into ecstasy.
  Just as she came Bob let out a guttural groan and pushed what felt to Melody
  like pints of his juice into her body.  
 The two men left the girl just as she was and retired to get another beer.
  As they stood at the kitchen window, Bob with his trousers now back on, Steve
  noticed the old man next door apparently doing some gardening, but clearly
  being nosey. Steve crept back to the conservatory and pulled the curtains back
  so that the old chap could see Melody tied to the table, and more to the point
  she could see him. As she realised, her head shook in horror, &quot;Don't worry,
  he can't see any of your special places, I think he deserves a quick thrill
  for all the effort he puts in to spying on us. Now be a good girl and let him
  enjoy the view.&quot;  
 Returning to the kitchen the men watched with amusement as the old boy strained
  to see over the fence and catch a better glimpse of what he thought he could
  see. &quot;He's not sure what it is, he hasn't got his glasses on.&quot; Laughed
  Bob.  
 After twenty minutes they returned and untied the hapless girl who had tears
  of shame trickling down her face. &quot;Don't cry&quot; said Bob &quot;it's
  not as if we brought him round to have a poke at you...Now there's an idea&quot; which
  brought a further look of shear horror to the girls eyes. Bob guided her back
  into the sitting room, before securing her hands behind her back once more.  
 &quot;My turn now&quot; said Steve, removing the gag and gently pushing
  the girl onto her knees in front of an armchair.  
 Spreading her legs he slipped his prick easily into her well lubricated
  fanny and started to give her a firm shagging. Before long Bob sat in the chair
  in front of her and pulled her face down onto his semi rigid shaft, she took
  it in to her mouth and started to run her teeth up and down its length, kissing
  it gently as she reached the tip each time. &quot;Oh yes... you've done this
  before&quot; murmured Bob and sank further back in the chair.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  melody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





