BDSM Library - The Very First Time




The Very First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A British slave finally meets his Mistress after chatting online. In reality, the story led to an incredible all-day session, in which a number of the  themes in the story were acted out.....The First Session   
Sunday morning - about 11am - and I'm driving west, around 30 miles from
  home. It's an area I don't know too well, although the main road is familiar
  enough. My cellphone rings.  
&quot;Good morning slave. I'm behind you. Your registration number is xxxx
  xxx, isn't it?&quot; you ask. &quot; Your description of your car was very
  clear and it was easy to spot you. There's a right turn up ahead. Take it and
  follow the road for about a mile until you come to a layby. Pull in and expect
  company.&quot;  
I comply, trying to sneak a look at the small blue car that's keeping a frustrating
  distance from my rear bumper. Within two minutes, I reach the layby, pull in
  and stop the engine. It's a matter of seconds before the passenger door opens
  and I get my first glimpse of my Mistress. After all this time, you're even
  more beautiful than the picture you sent me, but, to my disappointment, you're
  dressed in nothing kinkier than a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt. Your next
  comment, though, makes my cock twitch in my panties.......  
&quot;Did you wear what we discussed slave? I want to make sure you haven't
  started our special day by disobeying me. Take off your jeans.&quot;  
I do as you ask, nervous that we might be spotted. I needn't worry. You've
  chosen this spot with great care and no other cars pass us in the three minutes
  or so that we occupy the layby.  
You smile - a sexy grin that gives the gentlest of hints at what's to come.
  From the waist up, I have on a polo shirt and lightweight jumper, but below
  my waist, a pair of sheer black hold-up stockings and black thong panties are
  the first sign that this is far from an ordinary meeting between two friends.  
&quot;You won't be needing these for a while,&quot; you chuckle as you pick
  up my jeans. &quot;Follow me and you might get them back.&quot;  
The journey to your house can't go quickly enough. Not only have I been looking
  forward to this day for weeks, but I'm also effectively naked from the waist
  down. Not that it matters in an SUV, since no-one's high enough to see my state
  of undress, but I still let out a sigh of relief when we pull up outside a
  small cottage on the outskirts of town. Smiling, you toss my jeans through
  the driver's window as you pass by and I struggle to put them on quickly as
  your denim-clad bottom wiggles up the front path.  
Once inside, your playful mood quickly disappears.  
&quot;Read this, slave,&quot; you say, as you head upstairs. &quot;I'll call
  you when I'm ready for you.&quot; The instructions are simple:  
&quot;You will undress down to your underwear and wait until I call you.
  You'll find ankle and wrist cuffs on the table in the lounge - put them on.
  I hope you remembered to bring the toys we discussed; they'll be put to good
  use a little later. Once I call you, come straight upstairs and go into the
  room on the right. Put on the blindfold and sit on the bed. Oh, and make sure
  you use the bathroom. You may not be able to do so for quite some time.&quot;  
I quickly follow your instructions, but it still seems to take forever until
  I hear your soft voice calling, &quot;Time to meet your Mistress, slave.&quot;  
I climb the stairs; a mixture of fear and building excitement is making my
  stomach do somersaults, yet this is the moment I've longed for ever since our
  first Internet encounter. I enter the bedroom, which is lit by a single lamp.
  The feeling of isolation grows as I put on the black silky blindfold as ordered.
  I can't help smiling as I smell perfume on the material; I picture you wearing
  this blindfold and wonder how many orgasms you've had while lost in its blackness.  
A soft touch on my arm snaps me back to the present. You firmly press me
  down onto the bed and straps are quickly attached to the four cuffs, leaving
  me spreadeagled and helpless. A few adjustments and the first of the day's
  many bondage positions is complete. Without warning, you yank off the blindfold,
  leaving me blinking in the sudden light.  
Even with hazy vision, you make a stunning picture. A shiny black all-in-one
  catsuit has transformed you into the very image of my fantasy Dominant. My
  cock responds predictably; the only part of my body still able to give away
  any emotion.  
&quot;I figure that, since you haven't enjoyed the feeling of losing control
  for a while, you're not going to last long,&quot; you purr. &quot;So let's
  get it over and done with and then you can really start to please me without
  worrying about getting your rocks off. One thing, though - I don't want you
  enjoying the view.&quot;  
My blindfold is replaced, followed immediately by the black rubber penis
  gag from the bag I'd brought with me. I next feel your hands on my legs, caressing
  the nylon stockings and working their way steadily upwards towards the feminine
  underwear which covers my manhood. As it responds to your touch, the tiny panties
  are swiftly pulled down my legs. I try to lift my thighs to help you, but the
  straps are too tight and you struggle slightly to remove the final barrier
  to my rapidly erecting cock.  
A pause and then something cool hits my penis. Lubricating gel - thank God!
  You remembered to buy some, which will make our later activities more enjoyable
  for me. For now, though, it means the incessant milking I'm about to receive
  will last a little longer and won't chafe. Small comfort - I'm being wanked
  to orgasm and there's nothing I can do about it!  
Just as I'm about to erupt, I sense a different feeling around my cock. Something
  silky - satin, perhaps - and then I'm lost in my first orgasm of the day; masturbated
  to a climax which was a necessity, not a luxury. Fuck - that was great! Mistress,
  how can I ever thank you?  
Still recovering, I hardly notice as the penis gag is removed. My mouth isn't
  left empty for long, however, as something soft, springy and slightly sticky
  replaces the rubber cock. It takes a few seconds to realise what you've done
  and the thought almost triggers another orgasm; you've wanked me into a pair
  of your silkiest panties and the cum-filled knickers are now packed into my
  mouth, gagging me as effectively as the penis gag.  
I lay on the bed, hardly able to believe what's just happened. Someone I
  met less than half an hour earlier has tied me to their bed and wanked me into
  a pair of their knickers. For a submissive like me, surely life doesn't get
  much better!  
I hear rustling noises, but feel nothing. I'm still blindfolded and strapped
  down, unable to move, although my imagination is racing at a thousand miles
  an hour! I feel a weight on the bed, then my arms and legs are released from
  their straps. Swiftly, though, you clip my wrist cuffs together behind my back
  and pull me into a standing position.  
"You made a mess, slave," you say, "but luckily I'd made preparations. Did
  I give you permission to come?"  
"Mmmmmmmmmfffff," is all the spongy panty gag will allow me to say in reply.  
"I thought not. You have to be punished for that - I can't have my slaves
  deciding when they get their release."  
With that, I'm pulled forward and fall across your lap. I knew a spanking
  was on the cards at some point, but hadn't expected it quite so soon. SMACK,
  SMACK, SMACK - six in all, spread over the twin globes of my arse. I squirm
  against the PVC, but am unable to prevent my punishment. You stop, now breathing
  heavily; is it the effort of the spanking, or are you getting turned on by
  the situation?  
As if in reply, I'm pushed back onto the bed and my ankle straps are fastened
  together. A pause, more rustling, and the unmistakable sound of clothing being
  removed.  
"Well done slave," you whisper. "I knew you weren't looking forward to being
  spanked, but you took it well. You can now reward me for punishing you. Open
  your mouth."  
I comply and the sodden panties are removed. Again, I feel a weight on the
  bed and sense your closeness. Something is pressed to my lips and I open my
  mouth to allow it to enter. It takes a moment, but I realise it's one of your
  nipples and start to suck and nibble on it. You utter a low moan - you're turned
  on like never before by the sight of the helpless man on the bed before you
  and you already feel the slow beginnings of orgasm.  
I'm made to repeat the treatment on your other nipple. Without warning, it's
  removed and I'm left wondering what's next. More weight on the bed, a light
  pressure on my chest and then I feel something pressing on my chin. Your pussy
  is presented to my mouth and I don't need any telling. I lick, nuzzle and suck
  at your beautiful slit, aware that you're sitting completely naked on my face
  but completely unable to view your naked body.  
"Oh yes, yes, yes," you murmur. "Lick me slave, make me come on your face."  
I lick harder. You shift position slightly and I can sense your clitoris
  rubbing against my nose. I tilt my head back just enough to reach your little
  button with my tongue and you react immediately, uttering a low moan and gripping
  my head between your thighs.  
Now that I've found the correct position, it only takes a matter of seconds
  before I feel your legs tighten further. I lap away at your pussy and, sensing
  the moment of your orgasm is near, I move my head up and down so that my nose
  rubs your clit.  
You come with a roar. I feel a gush of juices on my face, but continue to
  lick and suck. The orgasm seems to last for well over a minute before I feel
  your legs slacken their grip and you lift your body off the bed.  
"Well done slave," you gasp, "let me get my breath back and we'll try something
  else. Don't go anywhere - I'll be back in a minute."  
I allow myself a smile, well aware that movement of any kind would be futile
  and might well result in me rolling off the bed. I relax; the silky blackness
  of the blindfold and the restriction of the wrist and ankle cuffs providing
  a strange reassurance.  
I lie in the blackness for what seems an age, yet must have been only 5 or
  10 minutes. Sleep isn't an option; I strain to hear every tiny sound in anticipation
  of your return. Yet, when it finally happens, I'm taken almost by surprise.  
The creak of the floorboard gives the first hint that I am no longer alone
  in the room. I guess (correctly) that to make any sound would have been asking
  for trouble, so I remain silent. The first touch still takes me somewhat unawares;
  a pair of hands fumbling with my ankle straps. Once released, the straps are
  removed and my knees are pulled up into a ninety degree angle. Your next move
  surprises me - my stockings are rolled down my legs, leaving me naked apart
  from the blindfold and my wrist cuffs. I'm pulled into a sitting position and
  my blindfold is suddenly removed. I again blink as I try to focus on the glass
  in front of me.  
&quot;Drink this, slave,&quot; you whisper. &quot;I can't have you losing
  your energy now, can I? You're going to need all your stamina for what I've
  got planned for the rest of the day!&quot;  
The water is cool and refreshing and I drink greedily. Once finished, you
  remove the glass and it's only then that I realise, to my disappointment, that
  you had dressed in the catsuit once again. I'd hoped you'd be naked, so that
  I could get a glimpse of what had been hidden from my eyes during the last
  twenty minutes or so.  
&quot;Sorry slave.&quot; Clearly you read my mind. &quot;If you're a good
  little slave, I might let you view your Mistress in all her finery later on,
  but for now I reckon you've got a little more work to do. Come along.&quot;  
With that, you reach for my shrivelled penis and pull it none too gently.
  I rise - having little choice but to obey - and follow you through a series
  of doors until we find ourselves at the back door. We pause, just long enough
  for the black spandex hood to be slipped over my head, before you lead me out
  into the garden.  
&quot;I wish you could see the view slave,&quot; you murmur; your mouth just
  inches away from my ear, &quot;but I think your imagination is far better at
  this point than your eyesight. Don't worry; we can't be overlooked. Unless,
  that is, someone peeps over the fence or one of the planes from the airport
  flies a little low.&quot;  
I shudder. My imagination is, indeed, running riot. What would happen if
  a rambler happened to wander up to the fence and catch sight of a naked, shackled
  male and a female in a PVC catsuit leading him around by his penis? Might they
  call the police? Might they have a camera and take pictures of the scene to
  sell to the Sunday papers? &quot;Bondage orgy in sleepy village&quot; - I could
  almost see the headline!  
I'm pushed backwards until I feel something hard behind me; a sharp edge
  digs into my back. You tell me to climb up and I realise that it's a wooden
  picnic table, which you've (thoughtfully) covered with a blanket. Quickly you
  release the wrist cuffs and immediately secure my wrists and ankles to the
  table, leaving me once again spreadeagled.  
The next 20 minutes or so are torture. First comes the nipple play, as you
  pinch and twist my nipples until I squeal in pain. Clothes pegs then replace
  your fingers, leaving me to grit my teeth against the discomfort.  
You next leave me alone for 5 minutes or so, so that my mind can again race
  away. I hear the sound of a light aircraft circling overhead; can the inhabitants
  see me? A rustle in the undergrowth; is that a badger or a rambler? It's with
  relief that I once again feel your presence, although that relief will be short-lived......  
The sting of the whip on my chest is sudden and completely unexpected. That
  lasts for around 5 minutes, with no area of my body spared. Another pause and
  then the shock of an ice cube rubbed on my testicles. My yelp brings the swift
  return of the rubber penis gag to prevent any further outbursts.  
More whipping is followed by the shock of freezing cold water being dribbled
  onto my stomach and down each leg, but eventually the torture ceases. My senses
  feel more alert than ever before; my entire body twitches with anticipation.  
&quot;Good boy. You took that well, so I reckon it's time for another reward
  for my little slave.&quot;  
I feel something else; something warm and wet on my chest. I smile inwardly
  as I realise that it's your tongue, but I'm to suffer more pain before I get
  to feel any pleasure. Without warning, the clothes pegs are removed from my
  nipples and the returning blood causes pain at least ten times worse than when
  they were applied. Even I'm glad that I'm gagged at this point!  
Your lips caress my sore nipples. To my amazement, my cock is starting to
  become erect once again. Throughout the torture, it's been hidden in the surrounding
  forest of pubic hair, but it's now growing hard once again. Once it's completely
  erect, you stop your nibbling and once again I'm left to the wanderings of
  my imagination. After less than a minute, I feel the cold shock of lubricating
  gel being applied to the area around my arsehole and I tense. A condom is then
  rolled over my erect cock - surely there's only one reason for that to happen?
  I'm wrong. As my mind turns over in confusion, I hear the squeak of rubber;
  you're putting on a latex glove! Before I have time to realise exactly what
  that means, I feel a finger slip easily inside me and start to massage my prostate.
  At the same moment, your warm mouth encases my condom-encased prick and you
  start to suck.  
It only takes a few seconds for me to reach orgasm. All this teasing has
  left my senses in overdrive and your probing finger and soft mouth have sent
  me over the edge. My second orgasm of the day leaves my head spinning.  
&quot;That's a good slave,&quot; you croon, &quot;I'm glad we got that out
  of the way so now you can concentrate on making sure I get my pleasure. Follow
  me.&quot;  
The straps are released, but again my wrists are cuffed together behind my
  back. The hood and gag are left in place and I'm led back indoors. I'm exhausted,
  but realise that Mistress has only orgasmed once to my twice. An unfair advantage
  that I know I'll be addressing very quickly......  
You lead me inside, but any hopes I have of a rest before continuing are
  quickly dashed. I'm made to stand, legs wide apart, before my wrists are released
  and quickly re-fastened above my head. A small rubber butt plug is then inserted
  into my rear, heightening the sensations your latex-clad finger started.  
A short pause is followed by the feeling of you attaching something to my
  waist. I brace myself, expecting more pain, but none comes. Instead, you ask
  me to pick up each foot in turn and you roll something up each leg. Slowly
  it dawns on me - you're fitting me with a suspender belt and a pair of stockings!
  I hope that the ensemble will be completed with a pair of knickers, and my
  prayers are immediately answered as I feel the unmistakeable sensation of a
  pair of silky panties slowly being raised up my legs and then pressing the
  rubber plug deeper into my bottom.  
Another pause and more rustling noises, before my blindfold is whipped away.
  After so long in darkness, I can't help but blink in the light as my eyes slowly
  become accustomed to the sensation. I look up; I'm fastened to a doorway it
  seems, but as I lower my gaze, I'm shocked by what I see......  
You're standing around three feet in front of me, dressed in a stunning array
  of black underwear. The bra is sheer and almost completely see-through; your
  gorgeous nipples standing proudly erect under the thin material. The suspender
  belt is lacy and clipped onto a pair of the finest black stockings, but the
  panties are what draw my eyes. See-through, like the matching bra, they cling
  tightly to your sex and I can clearly see your excitement glistening through;
  the slick wetness evidence of the excitement coursing through your every vein.  
&quot;Nice eh, slave?&quot; you breathe. &quot;Take a look at yourself -
  we could be sisters!&quot;  
As I look down, yet another thrill runs through me. You've dressed me in
  matching lingerie, although mine is a deep shade of maroon red.  
&quot;Red for the slut, black for the Mistress. I must say that you make
  a very convincing girl, slave, but you know what they say about girls only
  wanting to have fun?&quot;  
So saying, you approach and once again insert a gag. This time, however,
  you pack my mouth tightly with an old pair of your tights before silencing
  me completely with three strips of wide duct tape, torn from its roll. I watch
  in silence as you take the few steps to the bed and sit down. Yet again, your
  next move takes me completely by surprise; you start to stroke and fondle your
  delightful breasts, kneading the beautiful white flesh and tweaking each nipple.
  After around five minutes of this, you remove your bra completely and lie back
  on the bed, your fantastic breasts finally on show.  
Your right hand next goes deep into your panties. A slow stroking motion
  is punctuated by much quicker, sharper, movements. Your eyes closed with the
  ecstasy, you masturbate furiously, your mind focussed on the orgasm to come.
  As you near your climax, your eyes flick open; you drink in the sight of your
  helpless slave, bound and gagged and wearing your sexiest red lingerie, only
  a matter of feet away from you but unable to do or say anything. It's this
  which finally tips you over the edge and you come with a moan, your entire
  body shuddering.  
The spasms have hardly died away before you reach beneath the bed. From their
  hiding place, you produce not one but two vibrators. Both are black and shiny,
  but one is slightly smaller than the other. I'm too engrossed in the scene
  to realise it, but only one of those vibrators is for you.....  
You stand and walk slowly towards me and it only takes a few brief seconds
  before we're nose to nose.  
&quot;Enjoy the show, slave?&quot; you tease, &quot;because you and I team
  up for the second half!&quot;  
It's then that I realise the significance of the second vibrator. There is,
  though, nothing I can do to prevent the humiliation as you step behind me.
  My knickers are rolled down around my thighs and I feel the butt plug being
  removed and more of the cold gel being applied to my anus. Quickly you insert
  the plastic penis and, pausing only to set the speed to a low hum, you pull
  the knickers back up to trap the vibrator in its tormenting position.  
You return to the bed and once again lie down in front of me. This time,
  however, you remove your panties, leaving you just in stockings and the suspender
  belt, and I'm finally rewarded with a perfect view of your exquisite pussy.
  In any other situation, I'd be begging to be allowed to fuck you, but I'm only
  too aware that this isn't &quot;any other situation&quot;. As if in answer
  to my unspoken question, you plunge the vibrator deep into your slit and start
  to fuck yourself.  
&quot;Oh yes, yes, yes, shit, yes&quot; you cry as the sensations combine
  to drive you towards another orgasm. Before you, the relentless buzzing in
  my back passage is re-awakening my soft cock. The sight and sound of my Mistress
  reaching her climax is stiffening my prick by the second, and by the time you
  reach your inevitable peak, I'm rock hard once again.  
But this has been just the starter; the opening course in a banquet which
  is about to be served. You rise, your legs shaking with lust, and remove the
  tights and tape from my mouth. Next, you stride purposefully towards a chest
  of drawers set against one wall. You open one of the drawers and, gathering
  what you need, you turn and look at me.  
&quot;Are you ready for this, slave?&quot; you ask, your voice thick with
  lust. &quot;Do you think we should fuck?&quot;  
I can hardly believe my ears and immediately start to beg.  
&quot;Oh, yes please Mistress. I would give anything to fuck you; to feel
  my cock deep inside you and to feel your pussy wringing every last drop of
  come from my balls!&quot;  
You laugh. &quot;Oh little slave. You really have no idea, do you? We shall
  fuck, but you've got it all wrong. You won't be doing any of the fucking -
  I shall!&quot;  
With that, you reveal the contents of the bundle of items you took from the
  drawer. There's rope, a rubber hood and - the item to which my attention is
  immediately drawn - a strap-on rubber dildo.  
&quot;It's only a small one, because I know it's your first time, but it'll
  give you as much pleasure as it'll give me - trust me.&quot;  
My hands are released and once again secured behind my back. You take what
  looks like a length of broom handle and tie each end to one of my ankles with
  rope, leaving my legs spread around three feet apart.  
&quot;Take a last look, slave, because when you next see me, you'll no longer
  be a virgin!&quot;  
I shudder as I look into your eyes. You smile, but I also see a mixture of
  excitement and pure lust. I'm going to be fucked and there's not a thing I
  can do about it!  
You step in front of me and slowly pull the strap-on up your legs and over
  your thighs. You make a show of adjusting the straps and ensuring the fake
  cock is a perfect fit before picking up the rubber hood and placing it over
  my head. As it zips into place, sealing itself against my face, I'm instantly
  made aware of my breathing and the fact that I'm incredibly turned on.  
I sense that you've moved behind me and imagine you standing there, the black
  rubber cock bobbing obscenely in front of you. As if on cue, I feel your hands
  on my hips and I'm bent over. Again, I feel the cold shock of the lubricating
  gel and the sensation of something nudging against my anus.  
You gently insert the dildo; a little resistance, but the gel and the combination
  of the butt plug and the vibrator means I'm stretched and ready for you. You
  thrust slowly into me until I can feel your breasts against my back. This thrills
  me, since I'm able to take all your rubber cock, despite my fears.  
You start to thrust, gently scratching my back to distract me. I need no
  distractions - this feels incredible and I know I need to come badly.  
The fuck last no more than a couple of minutes before I sense your breathing
  starting to quicken and I know your orgasm is near. You reach around my waist
  and start to masturbate my aching cock.  
&quot;Come with me, slave,&quot; you gasp, &quot;you're mine forever now,
  you little slut!&quot;  
Our orgasms arrive simultaneously; my third, your fourth. I'm almost dry,
  but the sensation of my arse contracting against the strap-on ensures that
  it seems to go on and on for ages. Yours is also the longest and most spectacular
  of the session and I feel your legs buckle as wave after wave of pleasure wash
  over you.  
It takes time for us both to come back to earth after such a shattering joint
  climax, but you release me and we both collapse onto the bed.  
I shower and start to dress, ready for my journey back to the real world.
  As I reach for my underwear, though, you stop me.  
&quot;No slave. I think you should wear these - to remind you of your Mistress.&quot;  
You hand me a small fistful of damp material. As it unravels, I realise that
  it's a pair of silky black french knickers. This was what you'd wanked me into
  when I first arrived and then packed into my mouth as a gag.  
I hug you. Words can barely express how I feel. Our first session has exceeded
  all my expectations and was far better than I'd even dared hope. My long drive
  home, with the silky material of the french knickers massaging my cock and
  balls, will keep me on edge for well over an hour. Who knows, I may even have
  to stop and wank myself to orgasm number 4.........  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Welshguy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





