BDSM Library - Pub Games




Pub Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife takes her revenge on the woman who fucked her husband. A follow on story from Maid for Pleasure where Melody has to take her medicine.PUB GAMES  
 Melody had been a little surprised to get the call from Sue, Bob's wife
  of three years, suggesting that she might like to go out for the evening with
  some of the girls from her hockey team, but Sue had convinced her that it was
  ok as Steve and Bob were doing some work on a car and she'd have nothing else
  to do. &quot;After all it would be fun to be with just girls for a while.&quot;  
 On the day of the get together Sue had phoned again and said that one of
  the girls was getting married and had no ideas at all about what sexy underwear
  to choose to turn her new husband on, and that all the others were going to
  dress as sexily as they could to give her some ideas.  
 So Melody was dressed in her denim skirt and a tee shirt which concealed
  stockings, held up with elasticated garters, open crotch panties made of lace
  and a peep hole bra to match the panties, when she arrived at the pub, as agreed,
  at 7.30.  
 The conversation was typically girl stuff and by 10.30 Melody was really
  enjoying herself, and becoming more than a little drunk. The girls were giving
  each other sneaky flashes of their underwear and debating the effects it would
  have on men, occasionally other people in the pub were also given a sly look
  at a suspender belt or lacy knickers round ample bottoms. This line of talk
  was getting to Melody and she felt herself getting a little damp between the
  legs. &quot;Is Steve going to be happy when I get home tonight&quot; she thought
  to herself.  
 Discussion moved on to what really turned their men on and some of the girls
  had hair raising stories of being shagged in some strange places, and in some
  strange positions too. &quot;What gets Bob going?&quot; Asked Sally, a powerfully
  built girl from Leeds. &quot;Oh spanking a tied up girl and then shafting her
  arse!&quot; Was the reply that completely stopped the conversation. &quot;You're
  kidding&quot; gasped Carol &quot;Bob ties you up and spanks you?&quot;  
 &quot;No, he saves that for Melody. Doesn't he, you little bitch?&quot; Snarled
  Sue turning on Melody.  
 A trap, that was as clear to Melody as the nose on her face, why hadn't
  she seen it earlier. &quot;I'm sure I don't know what you are talking about&quot; she
  replied in her most prissy tone and rose, shakily, to leave.  
 Before she could get her bottom off the seat two girls had grabbed her arms
  firmly and had her pinned to the table.  
 She looked round for help but strangely there was no one else in the pub
  only the land lords wife and sixteen year old daughter who were busy locking
  the doors and drawing the curtains, the girls had really gone to some trouble.  
 &quot;You've got something coming to you&quot; snapped Sue &quot;Thought
  you could get away with it did you? I found the video he's got of the evening
  - very entertaining, if it wasn't my husband having all of the fun.&quot;  
 &quot;What, What are you going to do&quot; stammered a now frightened Melody.  
 &quot;Well to start with we're going to have a good look at that shaved
  cunt of yours and then give your arse the hiding of a lifetime. You won't forget
  tonight - that I can guarantee.&quot; Said Sue with more than a hint of triumph
  in her tone. There was a general murmuring of agreement interspersed with specific
  requests to be first at her.  
 Melody was unceremoniously hauled to her feet and before she could resist
  her tee shirt was over her head and her skirt lay in a heap on the ground.  
 &quot;Look at the state of the tramp, I've never seen a shaved cunt like
  that, in the flesh so to speak!&quot; Exclaimed Karen &quot;We'll make her
  dance to a different tune tonight.&quot;  
 With that a blind fold was wrapped around her eyes and her hands were clamped
  together with thick adhesive tape.  
 The girls pulled the struggling and screaming Melody over to the pool table
  and bent her over it tying her bound hands to the far end so that her feet
  were just off the ground. The landlady pushed an old rag into Melody's mouth
  and slapped some more tape over it to stop it falling out.  
 &quot;Don't want her disturbing the whole town do we?&quot;  
 &quot;Are you getting all of this on film?&quot; Sue asked of Carol who,
  sure enough was wielding a professional looking video camera &quot;We'll all
  want copies&quot; and then turning to make sure that the camera caught everything,
  she eased the skimpy panties down Melody's legs and off her feet. &quot;Here
  Meg you can have these as a souvenir&quot; she said tossing the knickers to
  a tall butch looking girl, who they all knew preferred girls to boys.  
 Meg walked up behind the prone body of the helpless woman and running her
  fingers over her arse asked &quot;What are we starting her off with, and don't
  forget that I get her when you've all finished&quot;  
 &quot;We know that you want to have your bit of lesbian fun, but that can
  wait. By the time we've got through with her she'll be begging for anything.
  Let's not mess around I think a good caning is what we need to get things started.&quot; Ordered
  Sue.  
 Upon hearing this Melody's body went into a frenzy as she tried to break
  free from the ropes at the end of the table.  
 &quot;Quick strap her down more firmly&quot; snapped Carol and was immediately
  rewarded by the sight of two girls tying Melody's waist to the table.  
 &quot;I'll go first, it was my husband&quot; said Sue as she took a few
  practice swings with an evil looking ratan cane &quot;I think ten each from
  us, making a nice even eighty will do nicely&quot;  
 As she stepped back to give herself room there was a hushed silence only
  broken by a slight whimpering from Melody. The first cut caught her squarely
  across the middle of her buns. &quot;One hundred and eighty&quot; laughed Sally
  as the scream from Melody could be heard clearly through the gag. Sue counted
  out her turns, landing each cut in a slightly different spot, waiting between
  each to watch the red line appear and grow into a small hillock. As the first
  round came to an end Melody was unsure whether it has finished, her whole bottom
  was on fire but she could quite clearly define each of the ten strokes that
  had fallen. &quot;God they must hate me&quot; she thought.  
 &quot;I remember being caned at school&quot; quipped Karen &quot;and I remember
  which part hurt the most&quot; and with that she took the rod from Sue and
  measured her first swing to catch the squirming girl across the top of her
  legs. It was as if a swarm of bees had stung her.  
 The pain was excruciating and Melody bit into the rag for all her might.
  Karen landed her full quota quickly and was never more than a few millimetres
  away from her first point of impact. By the time she had finished there was
  a slight hint of blood around the one large wield on her arse.  
 The others all took the cane in turn, placing their cuts so that by the
  end it was difficult to tell where one started and another finished. To complete
  this part of the proceedings the girls gathered round the upturned victim and
  Carol filmed them with their handiwork. &quot;One for the all-bum&quot; quipped
  Sue, and they all laughed at the non too subtle pun. &quot;What next then?&quot; Enquired
  June &quot;Bob would be getting ready to give her a good screwing by now&quot;  
 &quot;Well we mustn't disappoint her then, must we&quot; Meg purred. &quot;But
  we haven't got a cock have we&quot; Carol spurted.  
 &quot;Oh I'm sure we can think of something to take its place&quot; rejoined
  Sue &quot;Bob's a lager man, see what bottled lagers there are on the cold
  shelf&quot;  
 Meg came back carrying an assortment of different bottles &quot;I plump
  for the Grotch, it's got a nice big top on it so that she'll feel it all the
  way in&quot;  
 &quot;I thought you said that Bob fucked her arse&quot; Sally enquired &quot;hadn't
  we better start with that&quot; and picking up a pool cue worked the small
  end of it a little way in to Melody's arse hole.  
 The feeling of something first being pushed up her arse always caused Melody
  to wriggle about and it was no different this time.  
 &quot;Look she likes it, the slut&quot; exclaimed Sally and pushed the stick
  further up her channel, and started a rhythmic motion. &quot;Jack always likes
  to shag me hard, now it's my chance to have a go.&quot; Meanwhile Meg had reached
  forward and was toying with Melody's cunt, twisting the flaps of skin between
  her fingers and allowing her thumb to slip inside.  
 Melody was a mass of confusion. She was revolted by the thought  
 of being touched by another woman but the feeling that was being caused
  by the rough touch was exiting her more than she cared to admit.  
 Sally was also getting exited. Partly because she was in total control of
  another person and partly because she secretly desired to be in Melody's place.
  Meg saw the look in her eyes and started to caress her inner leg. She as rewarded
  by Sally opening her legs slightly as Meg's clever fingers reached for the
  elasticated leg of her knickers.  
 &quot;Look at the dykes&quot; said Carol  
 &quot;Piss off, you're only jealous replied Meg and Sally simultaneously.  
 As Meg probed for Sally's cunt the motion with the cue became faster and
  more frenzied. Melody thought that it would come out of her stomach at any
  moment.  
 Unable to concentrate Sally pulled the cue from Melody's arse and lay down
  over her prostrate body. Megan lifted her skirt and pulled down her knickers
  and stated to massage both girls quim's at the same time.  
 All the girls stood and watched in amazement at the sight of the two fanny's,
  one smoothly shaven and the other covered with thick black curls, being satisfied
  at Meg's hands. After a few minutes, Sue cried &quot;Enough of this - remember
  why we are here, concentrate on the bitch&quot;  
 Somewhat reluctantly Sally removed herself from the table to a nearby chair,
  where she started to rub her fanny to keep the feelings Meg had started, whilst
  Meg moved forward with the large bottle. First she rubbed it around the outer
  area of Melody's cunt, dipping in to the folds of skin every now and then.
  As she did Melody's bottom moved towards the bottle, finally Meg pushed the
  wide necked glass in to her fanny, she had to hold the lips open to get it
  past. Melody screamed as the metal clip and large stopper were forced into
  her body. Quickly she started to bring the bottle almost out of the girl only
  to push it home again.  
 Sue moved to the top of the table and removed the tape and gag from Melody's
  mouth. Melody groaned as the bottle was pushed back up her cunt. The blindfold
  was removed next.  
 As the light flooded back into Melody's eyes Sue said firmly &quot;Tell
  us you'll be our slave for the rest of the evening and I'll let Meg carry on,
  if not we'll throw you out in the street as you are, and we'll spread copies
  of the videos all around the area.&quot;  
 Melody gasped &quot;Yes I'll do anything, just don't stop&quot;  
 &quot;You'll have another spanking, and do our every command?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes anything, anything at all.&quot;  
 With that Meg increased the speed with which the bottle was ploughed into
  her fanny.  
 Some of the girls gathered round her face and starred goggle eyed as Melody,
  now totally out of control screamed for the bottle to be pushed in deeper and
  deeper.  
 &quot;Tell me you like it&quot; instructed Meg  
 &quot;I do, oh I do....Please don't stop&quot; wailed Melody, she thought
  she'd die if she didn't come. The welts on the bottom stung tremendously, but
  it was only adding to the total sensation. &quot;You're a lesbian trollop,
  aren't you?&quot; Joined in Sally  
 &quot;Yes I am I like to be fucked by Meg, I do, I do...........&quot; Melody
  cried, hardly able to gasp out the words.  
 As she cried out at the moment of coming a couple of the women turned, sure
  that half the town must be able to hear her. Satisfied at her efforts Meg roughly
  pulled the bottle from her wet fanny and untied Melody then making her parade
  round with a pad and pencil taking orders for how she as to serve them.  
 Some of the girls just wanted to spank her again......  
 Sally and Meg each demanded that Melody tell them that she was a lesbian
  and that she wanted to be shagged and abused by them. Finally making her agree,
  on pain of releasing the video, that she would be their personal slave for
  sex and pleasure for a whole weekend, as soon as her bottom had healed.  
 In the end Melody was subjected to a full round of hand, and slipper, spankings
  by all the girls and had to crawl round the pub kissing each girls feet and
  apologise for being a slut.  
 Finally having made her repeat all kinds of obscenities and admit to all
  kinds of perversions, all of which were vividly caught on film they gave her
  back her skirt and shirt, they kept all of her other clothes, and pushed her
  out of the pub to walk the two miles home in the dark. As she hurried away
  into the night she could hear them laughing and discussing what they had done
  to her.  
 At home later that night, as she studied her poor behind she wondered again
  what Sally and Meg would put her through in a couple of weeks. In bed, hollding
  her tortured arse she sobbed in to her pillow at the thought of ever having
  to see any of  
 those women again...............  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  melody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





