BDSM Library - It's Good To Be King




It's Good To Be King
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: See what's it like in the life of King Karl. Be welcome as his guest and partake of his sensual delights and games. This is going to be one holiday you will not soon forget. Nothing is forbidden here. See how King Karl runs his Kingdom and rules over his faithful as his customers come for the erotic, sensual and taboo.Karl awakens with a smile. He slaps the naked arse of the slave
      in the bed with him. &quot;Get up lazy and get me some coffee. And make
      sure the cream is fresh. Slaves now scury to pull back the heavy bed curtains
      as others tidy up the room and open windows for fresh air. Karl yawns as
      he settles back against his pillows now. Naked men wearing nothing but
      silk sheathes of red on their cocks begin to pull out clothing and newly
      shinned boots for the King.   
Each slave is shaven smooth and oiled with scented oils. They are
      wearing a silk cock sheath of red silk kept in place by a strap around
      the hips and a strap that goes down the crack of the arse to hook to the
      sheath from under, holding it in place. Each a beauty in his own right
      with pretty faces and supple bodies. Karl smiles as he watches his bitches
      and thinks to himself, It's good to be King.    
The one slave returns carrying a tray of with a large cup of coffee
      and leading a naked youth by his leashed balls. They boy is quite pretty
      and shaven clean and shiny with oil. His hands are tied behind his back
      as his hard cock sticks straight out. He is pushed over to the King who
      quickly begins to fondle his cock and balls. He soon has the boy shooting
      his load into his coffee. Karl stirs the coffee and takes a drink. &quot;Good,
      nice and fresh. Return him to the pens now.&quot;   
After a he finishes Karl sits up and swings his legs off the edge
      of the bed sporting his morning woodie. A slave hurries to the bed as Karl
      stands. He takes the cock into his mouth and greedily drinks down the urnie
      now.&quot; Karl pats the man on the head and walks to the middle of the
      room holding out his arms. &quot;Dress me.&quot;   
Slaves hurry to do his bidding. &quot;Has the stock been checked
      this morning boy?&quot; He asks one slave.   
&quot;Yes, Sir. Not one seal was found tampered with. The four
      you selected for today's games have been moved to the arena to prepare
      and await your pleasure.&quot;   
&quot;Excellent, you know I hate it when my boys are naughty.&quot; Karl
      is dressed in black leather pants and a long sleeved silk shirt. The shirt
      is soft and clings to his manly form which he just happens to like showing
      off. His cock when limp is six inches and as some would say a mouth full
      in all ways. His balls hang low from the body and are tucked up to let
      the pants wrap around them. Rings of gold and silver some with blood rubies
      and some with dark green emeralds decorate his fingers. His long thick
      black hair is braids into a single rope braid and hangs down to caress
      his tight arse hugged in the pants.    
Finally Karl is ready as his black knee high boots are put on last. &quot;Off
      to see things are ready for breakfast boys. Do clean up this room.&quot; He
      snaps his fingers and the male slave who had been in his bed walks up still
      naked but clean now. His shaven body gleams with oil. Karl quickly examines
      him and bends him over to check the butt plug and wiggles it. He then stands
      the young man up and ties a leash to his cock and pulls on it as he walks.
      The slave follows.    
As he passes the slaves they bow. &quot;At your command King Karl.&quot; And
      indeed here Karl is King. His estate consists of eight hundred miles of
      land. The land varies from lush green meadows, to forests to clear streams
      and caves in some areas. The Main house is Scottish Castle that has been
      updated and additions are put in place with careful detail and forethought
      by King Karl.   
Besides the massive Castle, there is the arena and stables. A Kennel
      for the dogs and the large his hunting bird enclosure. The Castle itself
      has several floors and wings along with two towers of various size and
      shape. There is a dungeon deep below the Castle that holds play areas and
      cells along with the punishment room. There are indoor pools are well as
      outdoor pools, gardens and mazes and ponds. Green houses sit to the East
      containing rare flowers and herbs used for various reasons. This is the
      Kingdom of King Karl.    
Karl now descends the main staircase to the main floor. Men of
      all shapes and sizes are busy making things ready. All wear the same cock
      sleeve as the slaves upstairs but of different colors. Karl coughs as they
      all bow. How he loves looking at all those naked bodies and upturned arses
      as they grovel before him. It's good to be King.    
Being King is good, but along with being King comes many responsibilities.
      After all he must keep his Kingdom running smoothly. This means rewarding
      the obedient and punishing the naughty. This morning he must tend to one
      of the naughty. With his slave in tow, Karl enters a doorway off his private
      study and descends the long winding stone stairs. He enters a small room
      now equipped with various tools to carry out discipline and punishment.
      There is the usual whips and chains, crops and cages. Even a medieval torture
      rack and a table filled with all sorts of tools used like cattle prods,
      needles, scalpels and prongs. There are iron pokes with sharp ends and
      branding irons. Karl examines the straps on the large wooden X and on the
      chair specially designed. The seat is open on the bottom as the cock balls
      and arse are exposed. One of his favorites though is the old fashioned
      wooden stocks in one corner.   
&quot;Bring them in.&quot; Karl orders. The door opens to the side
      of the room and a large bound man is dragged in. His hands are tied behind
      his back, and he is wearing a ball gag as spit dribbles down his chin.
      He is what many would describe as a Hercules type. Behind him a young one
      is dragged along. He is not bound or gagged but does not resist. Karl lowers
      a thick bar from the ceiling as the man is untied and each hand is locked
      into place by shackles. The bar is raised until the large man is on his
      toes now. His legs are now pulled apart so his groin is totally exposed
      now. Ropes threaded through metal hooks imbedded in the floor are tied
      to each ankle to keep the legs in place.    
The young one is taken to the stocks and locked in so he can watch
      what will happen to the larger man. Karl now faces the large slave and
      shakes his head. &quot;You were warned slave not to defy me. You were told
      about the rules here and still you chose to break them. You chose to take
      that boy out of his chastity belt and use him for your own amusement when
      the mood hit you. Didn't you think we would discover your treachery sooner
      or later. Samson you were one of my best, my beloved and you threw it away.&quot; The
      man stares at Karl whimpering. He cannot speak as the ball gag keeps his
      mouth filled and held open wide. Karl runs a hand over the well muscled
      body and sighs.    
He looks at slave who walks up handing Karl what looks like a pair
      of metal tongs with a rubber band stretched between the two tips. He takes
      Samson's balls now and pulls on them making sure the balls are down low.
      The tong is now raised up as the rubber band goes up around the balls.
      Karl pushes a release and the rubber band of bright green is released and
      snap around the balls with a loud snap. The man's body jerks hard and he
      grunts and his eyes grow large. His body tries to buck, as he fucks the
      empty air in front of him. Karl then lifts the balls and licks them. He
      fondles them and the cock making it nice and hard. The man is grunting
      even louder now as pain and pleasure rock through him.   
&nbsp;&quot;Did you give him the pills I told you to?&quot; He
      asks one slave and the slave nods. &quot;Good, it will keep his cock nice
      and hard but he won't be able to cum.&quot; As he talks her lightly caresses
      the cock, his finger running along the shaft and rub over the head. &quot;This
      is your punishment Samson. You will lose your balls since they get you
      into trouble. You will stay hard and unable to cum as you hang here and
      feel your balls dying minute by minute. It will be painful at first, but
      later you feel nothing as the blood is cut off and they shrivel up and
      die. Later the balls will be cut off and maybe then you will have learned
      your lesson.&quot; Samson begins to weep shaking his head. If he could
      talk he would beg for mercy. The pain in his balls, the pain is his hard
      cock and knowing he will never cum as a man again turn the massive slave
      into a weeping mass of quivering muscle. Karl now punches the slave in
      the balls and the man screams.    
Karl now approaches the young boy in the stocks. &quot;You are
      going to stay here and watch boy. Watch as Samson's balls die and rot on
      his body. You allowed him to take off your chastity belt and use you. I
      assure you that will be punished as well. But for now you can just watch
      and ponder your own fate will be announced tonight at the evening meal.&quot; Karl
      slaps the young boy's arse and walks off leaving guards to watch the two.
      Samson can feel the pain in his balls growing as the band begins to do
      it's work. He is helpless to stop what is happening to him. Not to forget
      his raging hardon he will never find release from. That done Karl heads
      back up the stairs with his slave once more in tow.    
He now enters the dinning room and can see the tables are set and
      ready to go. He claps his hands and a group of naked young men pour in.
      They range from sixteen to eighteen years of age. All cleanly shaven and
      oiled. These however don't wear the cock sleeves. There are redheads, and
      blondes and boys with long dark hair. Each quite beautiful in his own right.
      In all they number twenty this morning, one for each guest that arrived
      during the night. Their cocks are hard in anticipation of breakfast. Each
      one has been locked in a chastity belt that only allowed for the passage
      of body waste while keeping the cock untouchable for two weeks as they
      prepared for the guest's arrival today. Now freed just before entering
      the room they all line up behind the long wooden dining table. To ensure
      no boy misbehaves in making himself cum, their hands are tied behind their
      backs. Karl watches as the young naked men run in hard cocks bouncing and
      balls swinging as their little tight arses shine from the oil rubbed in.    
Karl now walks along inspecting the boys, cupping balls and pulling
      them one good time. &quot;Now I want each of you on your best behavior.
      Save those loads boys, and I promise it will be worth it. Each of you will
      serve one customer this morning and do his or her bidding. Defy me and
      be punished. You are here to look pretty and serve.    
Karl now takes his seat at the head of the table and nods to the
      slave at the door who opens it. Twenty men and women enter. By the clothing
      and jewels that drip off their fingers, wrists and neck there is no mistaking
      they are very wealthy. Karl rises gesturing to the table and the naked
      bound boys. &quot;Please choose a slut and be seated. The men and women
      walk over and examine the boys and then making a choice take a seat by
      the slut of their choice. Karl sits and nods as slaves begin to serve the
      breakfast meal. It consists of sausage, eggs, potatoes and toast and bacon.
      Fried shrimp and sliced fruit are brought in next. Pots of fresh coffee
      and tea are brought in next and the some wine and rum for those who wish
      to kick the day off with something a bit stronger. As the guests fill their
      plates and glasses Karl begins to talk to his guests.    
&quot;For those of you who are faithful customers you know the
      rules. For those who are new I will go over them now. You are free to use
      the slaves here during your visit. You would have noticed now my boys all
      wear colored cock sheathes. All but the ones sheathed in red are available.
      No slave of mine is to be taken off this grounds at anytime without my
      permission. The grounds and Castle are your playground, feel free to explore
      and if needed take one of the boys along as a guide. We are here to make
      sure your time here is everything you want.&quot;    
He looks at a tall man sitting down on the left side of the table,
      known as Mr. Black. &quot;For those of you who have special tastes that
      were expressed to me, they will be filled as we have slaves trained for
      these very encounters. There will be games, and you can bet on the outcome.
      Also the first auction is later tonight.&quot; Karl smiles. &quot;Tonight
      I have a special treat for the evening meal. Two to be punished for breaking
      the rule will be presented for your enjoyment. Also two special events
      are planned. For those of you who have special orders in purchasing slaves,
      you will be shown a carefully selected stock from which to choose from.&quot;    
While he is talking the guests eat, some fondle the young slave
      of their choosing. The young boys moans as their hard cocks and balls are
      toyed with. They are eager to cum after being denied for two weeks prior
      to the guests arriving. One woman sucks openly on the hard cock as she
      sticks a finger up his tight hole fucking it. Another man eats with one
      hand while holding the balls of the boy in his other hand. The young men
      must remain still and count on the man or woman they are standing by for
      the gift of release. Cock heads glisten with precum as heavy balls ache
      after being denied for two weeks. A slave approaches the table and bows. &quot;Special
      order 111 is ready for the last step Master. Did you wish to oversee the
      procedure?&quot;    
Karl nods and stands. &quot;I have some duties I must attend to.
      Please enjoy your breakfast and I will see you all later at the games.&quot; With
      that he is off again with his slave in tow. Karl and the slaves now enter
      the tallest of the two towers. It is set up like an operating room. A naked
      slave lays on a surgical table tied down. Karl walks up caressing the soft
      breasts on the boy. Well, if you can call what is left a boy. His buyer
      had requested a partial sex change and for months the boy was fed hormones
      as his body slowly changed, softened and grew breasts. He caresses the
      shrunken cock and balls and smiles. The hormones have worked well on this
      one. The slave soon to be cut on whimpers as Karl fondles him. Karl leans
      down licking and sucking on the shrunken cock and smiles smacking his lips.   
&nbsp;&quot;Now boy listen up. Your new Master wants the balls
      to go, but you can keep your cock and fuck hole. Your man pussy.&quot; Slaves
      now take the legs of the patient and place them in stirrup so his legs
      are up and back and his groin fully exposed. Karl has in his services not
      only plastic surgeons but those who specialize in body modifying. It's
      good to be King.    
The groin is already shaven clean as the surgeon now applies a
      soap to clean it. The slave is not put to sleep during this time or during
      the removal of his balls. The surgeon now grabs the balls and pulls on
      them to make sure each nut is in the sack low. The slave who has now been
      gagged is whimpering as he tries to pull away. Holding the balls in one
      hand, he pulls down hard and traps the balls below his fingers. An incision
      is made down the front of the balls and the slave screams. The surgeon
      works quickly now and pulls out the balls and cords and deposits them into
      a bowl after the contents are cleaned out, he then takes a heated scalpel
      and severs the remaining skin sack skin from the body leaving a minor scar
      to heal. The sissy will be allowed to heal one week and enter the final
      phase of her training now. Pleasuring her Master with her new body. The
      slave weeps as she can feel King Karl fondling it's now useless limp cock.    
Meanwhile in the punishment room where he left Samson the man is
      in pain. Tears stream down his face as he can feel his balls slowly being
      strangled. The pain is nothing like he has felt before. The boy in the
      stocks watches and cries fearful this could very well be his fate as well
      and yet his cock is hard and oozing under his belly.    
The slave left behind fondles Samson from time to time. Brings
      him to the brink of orgasm and pulls back. All slaves are trained in knowing
      how to arouse and please as well as hold off their own orgasm and others.
      Samson tries to thrust his cock into the stroking hand grunting as he tries
      to cum before his balls are gone. But, the man does not let him have this
      release as ordered. Seems Samson is to be tormented and kept hard and unsatisfied
      as his balls are slowly strangled. The slave left behind will continue
      to make sure Samson remains aroused on the verge of cumming all day until
      the King calls for him later during the evening meal.    
Since there is time before the games begin, Karl leaves the surgeon
      to tidy things up and leaves the Castle to check on his gladiators. Those
      chosen to fight live in underground structures underneath the massive done
      covered arena. Since the day is nice, Karl orders the dome be opened. Here
      the gladiators live and train separate from the main household.    
Karl walks into the room where the four gladiators are made ready
      for completion and rubbed down with oil. It is here they draw lots to see
      who will be competing in which contests and against who. The gladiators
      range from late teens to early twenties. They vary from muscled bond to
      slightly smaller but well defined. And up to the time they enter the ring,
      each gladiator is wearing a chastity belt. Some may even fight in them
      until the outcome of their match. Karl walks among them rubbing muscled
      chests and buttocks and even fingers a few tight holes. Today there will
      be only two matches, he has to make his stock last to attend other games.    
The games vary from hand to hand, weapons use and races and endurance
      tests. Winners are well rewarded while losers pay the price. That can mean
      castration, total severing of his manhood as well. It does mean slavery
      for life in all cases. the losers are sold to new owners or whore houses
      always on the look for new fuck toys to amuse the customers. Sometimes
      the winners are allowed to fuck and castrate the looser. Other times the
      loser is taken away so that his balls and cock if lost can be removed at
      the right time and made use of. Sometimes a loser will have his body parts
      auctioned off before going under the knife. On a rare occasion the games
      are used to deal out punishment. This is why the drive to win is so high,
      the tension so thick in the air one can taste it on their tongue. &quot;Remember
      my pretties, it's balls and cocks to the wall, so go out there and give
      me your best.&quot; The men raise one fist in the air and cheer loudly.    
Karl gives last minute instructions and leaves to check on the
      entertainment for the evening meal. And what entertainment he has planned.
      Returning to the Castle, Karl makes his way to the second smaller tower.
      There he looks in on his surprises. He opens one cell door and the two
      inside are truly a beauty to behold. Identical blond male twins. Each is
      wearing a cock ring and sporting a massive hard on as a piece of soft leather
      is tied&nbsp;but not to snug&nbsp;to their hanging balls. He has left them
      alone to suck each other and fuck but unable to cum thereby keeping them
      hard and horny. He strokes the hard weeping cocks and kisses each boy.
      Neither has attempted to remove the restraints on their young manhood.
      Both are shaven clean and will be rubbed down with oil before being presented.
      Karl sits on a chair and one blond kneels before him and takes out Karl's
      cock and begins to suck it. His twin drives his hard cock into his brother's
      arse and begins to fuck him. This continues until Karl comes. Satisfied
      he stands and tucks himself away. He leaves the twins performing 69 on
      each other to keep the lust level high.    
The second cell contains a man with two cocks. Yes, two one under
      the other. A feat made possible by experimentation by his surgical staff.
      Both are fully functional and can fuck two holes at once being one is laid
      over the other. Karl walks up pulling on the enlarged sack that contains
      not two balls but four. It is thick and hangs low from the body due to
      the extra weight. Karl pats his double cocks and the man's tongue shoots
      out looking much like the tongue of a snake. After all Karl did say he
      dwelt in the exotic.    
Karl is quite pleased with the entertainment arranged. And there
      is the two facing punishment to be brought out then as well. After supper
      would be the auction as well. Karl smiles, it's good to be King.    
Leaving that area, Karl makes his way to the massive kitchen. Men
      and women bustle about all ready beginning to make preparations for the
      banquet for tonight as well as preparing food to be served during the games.
      Nothing but the freshest ingredients and the exotic are good enough for
      his home. He unleashes the pet he has been leading around all morning and
      nods to two strapping youths who grab the slave and bend him over a wooden
      rack sticking out form the wall. The height is just right for the slave's
      hole and mouth to be the right height. While one rams his hard cock into
      his hole, the other slides his cock into his mouth with no thought if the
      slut between them is enjoying it.    
Karl finds the head cook and pulls him aside. &quot;Have the goodies
      arrived?&quot;    
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;    
&quot;Are they fresh?&quot;    
The cook nods and smiles. &quot;Yes, Sir very fresh.&quot;    
Karl opens a small metal door and steps into the room. A smile
      graces his face as his cock hardens at the sight before him. Twenty-one
      naked men hanging on the wall. The only thing they are wearing is a chastity
      belt and a ball gag in their mouths. Karl walks along caressing each man
      in turn. These men are a combination of losers from his games, and whores
      sent by their Masters to be gelded and couple sent by the local brothel
      for castration. Each has been denied release for a month to build up the
      thick juicy cum in their balls. They will remain as they are until they
      are brought out to be serve up nice and fresh for the guests.    
He checks the young bodies over one by one, telling them just how
      yummy their cream filled balls will be Some whimper. Others try to pull
      away while a couple just stare blankly into space. Karl examines a few
      tight holes and fingers them. Karl licks his lips in anticipation of the
      night to come.   
Meanwhile the guests having finished their meal have left to explore
      the estate or go to favorite places they have visited before. Some of the
      young boys were allowed to cum, while others were denied release by having
      the base of the cock secured to prevent it. Each wears a leash attached
      to his balls as they are led about and shown off. The morning is spent
      for some in the stables with the well endowed stallions. Some prefer taking
      their chosen pet of the day and retiring to their room and pull out their
      various toys to share. A couple browse the stock that will be put up for
      auction after the evening meal.    
By noon the guests refreshed, and filled with excitement are shown
      to the arena. The seats are filled with those who have paid well to come
      and watch. All ready money is being exchanged and wagers made. The guests
      are led to a special box that faces dead center into the arena, raised
      up so everything can be seen clearly. Their leashed pets stand behind them.
      All look quite sated.   
King Karl now takes his seat set up behind the guests and up a
      bit higher. At his side are too well muscled men, their naked bodies glistening
      with oil. A gong sounds and two men enter the arena. One is a young man
      in his early twenties. His body is firm and compact as he comes to stand
      facing King Karl. His body is shiny and his long black hair has been tied
      back. A second young man enters. He is about eighteen and is slender but
      clearly in good shape. His short read hair just covers his ears.    
Karl nods and a man walks out unlocking the two men and freeing
      them from their chastity belts. Their cum laden balls drop as their hard
      cocks spring forward. Each man groans in pain and relief at having been
      released. Everyone in the arena is cheering and clapping. A man stands
      ready with the knife used resting upon a soft silk pillow so both men competing
      can see it. This knife is special though, as it is electric and heats up
      so the men cut won't bleed too much. As it cuts, it will seal all vessels
      on the spot. The knife is carried to them and each man is forced to kiss
      it as it sits in it's charger and heats.    
Karl stands and raises both hands and the crowd goes quiet. &quot;This
      first contest with ropes. The first man to restrain his opponent will be
      declared the winner. The looser will be castrated by the winner. A fucking
      can be given if the winner so desires it. Men carrying long thin leather
      rope enter handing each man one. The two face each other and then walk
      to the center of the arena and face each other. Each man has been rubbed
      down with a generous amount of oil and Karl sits thinking this should be
      fun. The gong sounds again and the two men begin to circle each other now.   
The men now charge at each other. The red head acts quickly and
      kicks his opponent in the stomach knocking the wind from him. He tries
      to force the man down with his shoulders but soon both are rolling in the
      sand.    
The dark haired man reaches up grabbing the red head by the balls
      and squeezing as his opponent tries to put him in a head lock. They roll
      on the ground now, both are slick with oil and covered in sweat and sand
      as they try to get a grip on each other. They roll about a couple of minutes
      before breaking free of each other. Now back on their feet both men begin
      to circle each other again, looking for an opening. The dark haired man
      now rushes the other man head butting his belly as he grabs his legs and
      pulls them up to land his opponent on the ground and quickly turns him
      over to bend his legs back and down. He sits on the younger man's back
      now as he ties his legs and hands together. It looks like a cattle drive
      and the bull is ready for branding.    
The winner stands to the crowd cheering. But he is not done yet.
      He takes the length of leather given to the red head so use on him and
      ties it around his balls, pulling them away from the body. The red head
      is struggling but is dragged around the arena by his balls now. Many gasp
      in wonder having no idea the balls could withstand that and not be ripped
      right off. Others cheer and fondle themselves or the person next to them.
      The guests sitting below Karl are fondling their sexy toys are being sucked
      off as they watch with wide eyes. The redhead is now screaming as he is
      dragged about.    
Two guards now come in and untie the looser. They drag him before
      Karl as the winner follows. Karl nods as the winner is handed a very sharp
      knife. The muscle men pick up the redhead and hold him still. His arms
      are draped over their shoulders now as they hold up his legs and pull them
      wide apart so his groin is fully exposed. The winner walks up smiling and
      leans in. &quot;I am going to cut your nuts off now boy.&quot; Another
      man comes out and unties the balls to fix them for severing. The leather
      strap is cut in two now. Both parts are used to go around each ball and
      then wrap around the base of the sack, leaving enough space to cut between
      the body and cords. They are then pulled tight to cut off blood flow from
      the balls to severed.    
The winner leans down licking at the man's groin before him and
      laughs. &quot;Ready boy.&quot; With that he grabs the sack and pulls it
      down hard. The knife cuts in and boy screams as his balls are cut off.
      At the same time he cums. White sticky cum coats the redhead from belly
      to chest as he cums screaming, as his is castrated at the hands of the
      winner. Unable to control his long denied cock, the winner cums as well,
      his load landing on the balls of the redheads as he cuts them off. The
      winner holds up the balls high for the cheering crowd. He even licks them,
      tasting his own spent cum there. Then looser is now dragged out of the
      arena followed by the winner still swinging the severed balls about in
      the air as he hams it up for the cheering crowd.    
Two more gladiators now enter the arena. Both are well built and
      six feet tall. Their muscles flex and they enter and stand before Karl
      and bow. Their chastity belts have all ready been removed, and out of each
      man's arse a tail can be seen swaying. A strap around their hips and between
      their legs keeps the dildo in place. Both men are bald but can be told
      easily apart by the different color of the phallus tail they have sticking
      out. One has a red tail, the other a blue.    
Karl stands once more. &quot;The first man to fuck his opponent
      wins. The looser will forfeit his hole, cock and his balls.&quot; A gong
      sounds as the two massive men face each other. Everything for these two
      are on the line. Cock and balls and being fucked. These two men were chosen
      not only for their looks and size but the fact both are heterosexual as
      well. Being fucked by another man is the most insulting thing they feel
      can be done to them.    
The two men now clash looking very much like rutting bulls in heat
      as their hard cocks bounce about. They wrap their arms about each other
      now, pushing and squeezing as their balls swing from the force and slap
      against their own arses now. Grunting can be heard as muscles in their
      arms and thighs bulge. Droplets of sweat roll down their backs and chests
      and drip onto the arena floor.   
The man with the blue tail reaches one arm under the other man
      and attempts to flip him onto his back. His forearm presses up shoving
      the balls back. The man grunts and as his balls are smashed. Blue tail
      now lifts one foot up and is making some headway in toppling him now. Red
      tail now brings down one elbow hard into the other's shoulder and both
      men end up going down. It then becomes a tangle of arms and legs with bulging
      muscles as each man now tries to gain the upper hand and pin his opponent.
      The crowd is on it's feet now cheering as the two muscle bound men roll
      about the arena floor.    
Then when all seems lost for blue tail he turns the tables on red
      tail. Grabbing his arms he bends them back as he does a leg lock and bows
      his legs back as well. The two struggle but red tail is pinned. Chants
      of CUT HIM CUT HIM! Ring out from the crowd. But red tail is not ready
      to give up and continues to struggle. Men run into the arena now and grab
      him as the winner stands up and bows. The loser is fighting still to free
      himself as he is taken still struggling to a wooden stocks set up for just
      this occasion. His head and arms are locked in place as his feet are spread
      wide and secured to hooks in the ground. The strap holding the tailed phallus
      is taken out leaving the hole open for easy penetration now by the winner.    
The winner walks over eyeing the looser arse and balls. The stocks
      are just the right height to put out the looser bent over and his hole
      easy to reach. The loser is struggling now and yelling as the winner approaches
      him. With some encouragement from the crowd now, the winner grabs the loser
      and thrusts his cock in deep and begins to fuck him. Blue tail moans, as
      no pussy has ever been this tight. The oil on his cock along with the prepared
      phallus stretched hole helps ease his way as he pumps his hips in and out
      quickly. The red tail grunts loudly with every thrust now, as each one
      hits his sweet spot. The look on his face is one of total disbelief and
      shock as he is fucked hard, his eyes large and his mouth hanging open.
      It does not take long as he has been denied in preparation for the games.    
To add insult to injury the loser cums while being fucked.   
The winner pulls out now laughing at the red faced loser. He slaps
      the arse and the balls hanging there. The loser yelps loudly as the crowd
      is on it's feet again. A man approaches and using the same method from
      before ties off the heavy balls, giving them a good yank when he is done.
      The looser is cursing now, angered at being fucked like a woman. &quot;I
      WILL KILL YOU MAN! BITE YOUR BALLS OFF! I AM NO ONE'S BITCH!&quot; The
      looser screams.    
Karl sighs as he makes a signal. A pretty young boy comes out and
      runs over to where the loser is held. He slides under the man, and begins
      to suck his cock and fondle his bound balls. Once the cock is hard again,
      the winner is handed the knife. The cock sucker now leaves and the crowd
      can clearly see the hard cock once more. The crowd begins to chant again.
      CUT HIM CUT HIM!! The sack is grabbed and pulled down so all can get a
      good look.&nbsp;Then the knife does it work quickly leaving but a stub
      of flesh where his balls used to be. He grabs the hard cock before it can
      go soft and pulls it down and places the blade at the base and begins to
      saw. &quot;LIKE THAT FUCKER!&quot; The loser screams and the winner laughs
      as he now severs the cock completely. Walking around holding the still
      hard severed cock with blood and cum on it he shoves the severed cock into
      the man's gaping mouth forcing him to suck upon it now.    
The crowd is on it's feet now cheering some, are even throwing
      money at the winner. The cock sucker quickly picks it up for the winner.
      Holding both the cock and balls now the winner takes a big bite of the
      cock and bites off the head and chews. The man in the stocks faints when
      he sees that. The crowd cheers louder and throws out more money for the
      cock sucker to pick up.   
The loser is now released and dragged out by his legs unconscious
      face up so the crowd can see his groin missing the cock and balls. The
      winner follows eating the raw cock as he goes with the cock sucker following
      him close as the crowd continues to cheer loudly and stamp their feet.    
The games are done for today. Guests will return to their rooms
      to rest up for the evening meal and promised entertainment.  
to be continued.    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Talaus Wolf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





