BDSM Library - Work Home Balance




Work Home Balance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In the post-feminist future, how does a secretary straddle the demands of her job, while at the same time satisfying her wifely duties at home? (posted with permission of RedHead (the author) by Georg Kinaski, Editor/PA Magazine)Work/Home Life Balance by RedHead  
I closed the front door quietly, careful not to wake my husband. It was still
  a little dark and damp, normal for this early in the morning. Quickly I made
  my way past the street lamps, knowing that if I missed this bus I would have
  a fifteen minute wait, and late arrival at work was always an uncomfortable
  experience. My husband worked only a block away from me in the city but as
  he didn't start till quite a bit later it was not practical for him to give
  me a lift to work. Besides, these days it is not exactly PC to be seen dropping
  your wife off at work. People would think it very odd for a man to indulge
  his wife like that. As I walked my aching thighs and calves reminded me of
  the previous evening. It had been one of our rare evenings of quality time
  together. Normally my husband worked late or went out with his friends to a
  club, but last night had been the big match and he had promised me he would
  stay home to watch it. I had made the evening special for him, running him
  a hot relaxing bath while I arranged the lounge settee for the best view, plumped
  up cushions, put beers and nibbles within easy reach, then dressed for him &ndash; just
  seamed hold-up stockings, black heels, baby-doll pink lipstick on my lips,
  nipples and pussy lips, and my hair in two pony tails either side of the head.
  (My husband usually likes my auburn hair teased up and frothy but I learnt
  early on in marriage that anything that blocked his view of the TV was a serious
  no-no. Anyway pony tails were more practical for control reasons too).  
When he had come downstairs in his dressing gown, he had been greeted by
  dimmed lights, a cold lager and a pampering wife. I made sure that he was comfortably
  slouched on the settee before squatting down onto my haunches, my knees wide
  apart and my fingers opening his gown. As he watched the match I spent my time
  gently licking, sucking and fondling his rather magnificent manhood, careful
  to make sure he came nowhere close to the edge. It did not take long for my
  thighs to get very sore, squatting on my heels in such a position but practice
  has helped make it bearable. I got a break after 45 minutes when half-time
  arrived and I organised him a quick meal. The second half, and I carried on
  as before. It was not often we got to spend time together and I was looking
  forward to the end of the match and a really good screwing despite my steadily
  aching back, thighs and calves. Unfortunately his team tied so it went into
  extra time which was more exciting for him but served to extend the time I
  spent painfully posed. Even my tongue and lips were starting to ache. The final
  result with his team losing 4 &ndash; 2 meant my dreamed for love-making consisted
  of a quick, angry, uncomfortable grudge fuck up my bottom as I lay over the
  settee arm. He was so upset he didn't even wait for me to lick him clean afterwards.
  Just a grunted 'goodnight' and off he went.  
Hearing the bus engine brought my mind back to reality and I almost jogged
  to the stop, my heels slipping on the wet pavement. Made it with moments to
  spare. Living so far out in suburbia means I always get a seat.. The drive
  takes almost an hour and the passengers are all women like me, travelling into
  their jobs as secretaries, clerks, cleaners, and tellers. Everyone is well
  made up and while some of the clothes are cheaper than others they are all
  designed to make the wearer look more attractive. While cold it is not raining
  so as is the norm coats are not worn. The bus turns into Burgundy Road and
  we start picking up the young lads that go to Alton Grammar. Automatically
  I stand to give a fourteen year old lad a seat, smiling at him hoping to gain
  a brief moment of camaraderie as fellow travelling commuters but he is too
  busy talking to his mate. The assumption he would get a seat is automatic and
  certainly by the time we get to the School nearly all the seats are taken by
  the boys in their uniforms, surrounded by standing women, all swaying to the
  buses movement. Plenty of opportunity for 'accidental' gropes and touches of
  buttocks and breasts as the lads stand to exit. It's the norm these days.  
I sit again but it is hardly worth it as two stops later I get out and walk
  across the plaza to our office building. 7.45 am. On time. Quickly into the
  small pastry shop, pick up some croissants, then on to work. Past the lady
  janitors laying out some thin exercise mats in the foyer then straight up to
  my bosses office. He won't be in for at least another ninety minutes but there
  is a lot to do; checking the diary, getting out the files he will need for
  the day, accepting the early mail from the postgirl. As time gets closer I
  put on the coffee maker. As it goes to work bubbling away I quickly pop into
  the ladies to touch up my make-up and check my appearance. I know that the
  main reason I got promoted to PA was the fact that I am a natural redhead and
  more importantly the self-evident fact that not only are my breasts large and
  very firm, they are also all natural. A rarity in this day and age where breast
  enhancements are almost mandatory for the up and coming office worker. Straighten
  the stockings and the blouse. No need to check my thong. I'm not wearing underwear.
  It's Wednesday &ndash; Communications Day &ndash; a new innovation designed
  to bring the managers out of their offices and actually meet face to face rather
  than by e-mail.  
I get back to my desk and quickly make up a small breakfast tray of croissants,
  butter and just wait to pour the coffee. Twelve minutes later the front hall
  receptionist rings me.  
"He is just coming across the Plaza now", she warns. Quickly I pour the coffee
  into a pot and carefully carrying the tray I head for the stairs. Lifts are
  for the Execs of course. The stairs are healthier and keep us toned &ndash; mind
  you for the PA's who work for the CEO it must be hard. Top floor of a 24 floor
  block &ndash; how toned must they be?  
I arrived at the bottom of the stairs just in time to see my boss seating
  himself in an easy chair, joining some colleagues around a coffee table. Energetic
  music and rhythmic thumping is evident as a cohort of about twenty women from
  the secretarial pool are put through a heavy aerobics session. They would have
  started about 30 minutes before the first man arrived so about now they are
  all very hot, sweating and going for the burn. Their sweat-soaked leotards
  have ridden up into places that must be quite uncomfortable and the crop tops
  are providing no support whatsoever for the breasts flying about under them.
  I head for the coffee table and my boss. As I bend to place the breakfast tray
  on the table he runs his hand up my thigh then pats my bottom. I give a smile
  and step back, but as he doesn't ask for anything more I head back for the
  stairs, past the tired but still active women. A brainwave from the HR department,
  a way to get the secretarial pool on show and hopefully provided opportunities
  for promotion if a particularly talented secretary is noticed by a boss. Also
  an opportunity for the managers to meet and discus business in an informal,
  relaxing and entertaining setting. I arrive back up at the office, grateful
  that my boss is only mid-level management and thus is only on the 8 th  floor.
  I walk past my desk to his office and slide the door notice to 'Engaged'. I
  enter his office but leave the door open &ndash; it is for him to close when
  he comes up. I undo my blouse and unclip my front fastening bra, then bend
  over his meeting table, flipping up my skirt up to expose my rear. Wednesday,
  no knickers day, for me at least. The day when he is usually very rampant from
  the display downstairs. A morning BJ is not sufficient. I wait about twenty
  minutes then I hear him entering the outer office. Moments later his office
  door closes, he stands behind me and without finesse rams a bonehard erection
  straight into me. I get the fucking I wanted last night and I use my internal
  muscles to make sure he gets a good ride. I force myself up slightly off the
  desk to allow him access to my nipples and heavy breasts &ndash; it's the reason
  he chose me from amongst the whole of the secretarial pool and I have no wish
  to return, so I make sure he gets every opportunity to enjoy them, however
  rough and painful his mauling is.  
A grunt, a heavy spurt, then I am turned, cleaning, licking and putting him
  away. He nods his head.  
"I left my briefcase downstairs, can you pick it up when you get the tray".
  I smile and nod. Another long trek down and up but a least it gives me a chance
  to pop into the ladies on the way and clean up. I walk in to squeals and acres
  of female flesh. The aerobic girls showering after their exertions. The open
  plan showers made it a very communal experience and the cold-water-only plumbing
  at least prevented the place steaming up, which was presumably the reason for
  it in the first place.  
Another long slog down, and back again loaded with tray and heavy bag leaves
  me almost as sweaty as the aerobic girls. Sitting at my desk I tackle the mound
  of paperwork, condensing weighty documents into brief summaries for my boss.
  He has enough to do without reading through a lot of drivel. Through the partly
  opened door I can see him practicing his putting before a yell gets me scurrying
  through to his office pencil and notebook in hand  
"Just had a thought. Can you pop down to Daniels office and invite him to
  the Company ProAm golf match this week-end. I knows it is not in his normal
  work training hours but the company sponsors him and it would be good experience.
  Tell him not to worry about clubs or caddies, I will arrange that"  
I nodded, busy scribbling, then rush back to turn my notes into a memo detailing
  time, place, location etc. I grab it of the printer and trotted down two floors
  to Daniel, Sorry ! Mr Daniels office.  
Daniel is a 16 year old School pupil on work placement with us for a month.
  My boss has been allocated as his mentor and takes his role seriously. During
  the first day he took Daniel personally to the secretarial pool to select a
  Personal Assistant for his period with us. Not surprisingly the choice was
  the Corina a long legged, big titted Nordic blonde who despite her obvious
  attractions remains a secretary because of her pretty abysmal admin skills.
  Her pleasure at being chosen for a PA role was pretty short-lived when she
  realised that it would only last for a month and that she would be helping
  to train a young schoolboy. We all knew how a young man reacted to the first
  real opportunity to manage a member of staff. Add to that the fact that their
  work load was extremely low and they had a lot of spare time in which to experiment
  with their man-management skills, in the privacy of an office. One example
  is the fact that Daniel was clearly briefed that he could not exceed 6 strokes
  of a cane in any 24 hour period. Caning is actually a very rare form of punishment
  these days where staff strive hard to excel. Daniel however took the ruling
  to mean he should cane each day, so Corina bends to grab her ankles every morning
  to get three wristy cuts, knowing that at the end of the day her 'Goodnight'
  would consist of the matching three strokes just before she left. Obviously
  management knew how work release student were apt to act and had allocated
  a very lightweight rod but as I knew from experience, even though the marks
  would fade after an hour or so it still stung like a hive of wasps.  
I entered his ante-office, not surprised to see it empty. I moved forward
  and knocked on Daniels office door and waited.  
"Enter".  
Yep! There she was. Bent over, hands grabbing ankles, skirt flipped back
  and the spread apart legs stretching a thin band of material around her knees,
  presumably an ultra-mini thong. Daniel had obviously be doing a bra inspection
  beforehand as one lay on his desk and Corina's open blouse was allowing her
  overly large chest to hang clear. She stayed in position.  
"What you want!"  
I smiled. Respect at all times. I handed over the memo.  
"An invitation to golf, Sir" I said cheerily. He took the note, scanned it
  and smiled.  
"Yeah, great". He looked at me. "Panty Inspection"  
"Normally that is something a PA provides for her own boss, Sir," I replied,
  somewhat stiffly.  
"Questioning me. Shall I call him?"  
"No Sir, I'm happy to display, I was just pointing out the business etiquette",
  I replied swiftly. I didn't want him disturbing my boss over something so trivial.  
Quickly I lifted my skirt displaying a smooth hairless slit.  
"No knickers. Lost them or what. How often do you shave?"  
I remained displaying. Wednesdays is a no-knicker day for me Sir", I replied.
  You would have thought that with my experience I would not be upset by this
  but standing in front of such a young man somehow seemed particularly shaming. "My
  boss and husband like me to be smooth. I go for a Brazilian Wax every 6 weeks.
  There is a parlour nearby that the company uses and we have an account there
  as a number of staff go for depilations, piercings and even tattoos"  
He smirked. "Pity I can't get to see it".  
I continued standing there, skirt held high. "You can Sir, There is a viewing
  area. A lot of men in the area take their lunch breaks down there on occasion".
  I knew from experience. Legs held wide open for a waxing with a dozen or more
  faces staring at everything I had to offer  
"OK, drop your skirt." I did so feeling relieved but then was hit with,  
"Come back this evening.. I want you and bum-cheeks here to put on a Heater
  Session for me".  
I said quite firmly, "That Sir is certainly something that I am not allowed
  to do without direct orders from my Boss, and I think you will find he will
  not agree to that. He can be quite possessive of his staff".  
I nodded, noticing the malicious glint in his eye, but he is young and will
  have to get used to disappointment &ndash; well being a man perhaps not actually,
  but certainly to not always winning. I know for a fact that my boss has turned
  down at least one request for my services from an other same level exec, though
  what he might do if a senior exec. asked would be in no doubt.  
I walked back to my office and continued to plough through the turgid papers
  trying to make sense of them. About 45 minute later a Postgirl delivered an
  internal memo. I recognised her. She was about 50 years old and rumour had
  it that many years ago before the New Order, she had been a Senior Exec in
  the company. Over the years she had worked her way down the business ladder,
  acting as PA, then receptionist, then secretary. Now she delivered post in
  a bright red Micra skirt, which displayed her still well toned legs (well think
  of all the stairs!) and a matching halter neck top. As she placed the envelope
  down she stepped back, and as required curtsied, affording me a glimpse of
  her completely bare crotch and a recent tattoo over her mons that said "Post
  Male Here"  
I smirked. Someone had a good sense of humour. My own good humour only lasted
  a few seconds as I read what was in fact two memos, both from Daniel. The first
  asked permission to have Corina pierced at the local Parlour. Specifically
  he was looking for nipple rings. The second asked for me formally in order
  to do a Heater session.  
Extremely annoyed I nonetheless acted professionally and did my job, typing
  two reply memos for each request. One agreeing and one declining. Then taking
  all the paper work through to my boss I left them with him. He could make a
  decision and sign the appropriate reply.  
Five minutes later he called me back to pick them up.  
"Retype", he grunted. At my desk I looked. He had agreed to me doing a heater
  session but had changed it from today as requested to tomorow. I sat shocked,
  but then retyped the memo for his signature. The second response had been even
  more altered. He agreed to the ringing but had stated that it could not be
  a small silver ring through each nipple as they would look out of place on
  such an expansive chest. Instead he had specified larger heavyweight brass
  rings should be placed through the rear of the Aureole. His written comment
  was that this would provide greater flexibility of use. I looked like on Thursday
  I was going to be one of the first to see her with them !  
Memos signed, Postgirl called and my Thursday evening allocated I went to
  make some fresh coffee. Taking it through my boss looked up at me.  
"Pop down to the secretarial Pool and pick up their "Welfare Policies" handbook."  
I looked, knowing what this boded but quickly obeyed. More stairs and then
  into a large open plan office where about 40 women stiffly sat busily transcribing
  notes . As was the norm only tapping could be heard , it wasn't yet break and
  chat time for them. I walked over to Mrs Jameson, a severe looking lady seated
  at a desk, overseeing the work. Overseeing her was a CCTV camera, so she ensured
  her back too was straight and her chest well out.  
"Morning, may I have the Welfare Polices book please" I asked in a brittle
  voice. She new immediately what this meant for me and gave a grin. "Heavy overtime
  this week-end then" she smirked, handing me the heavy folder. Though more senior
  than PA's she was always jealous of our perceived freedom in comparison to
  her strictly tethered existence, so the thought that I would be doing more
  than just giving up a week-end gave her a spiteful thrill.  
"I've yet to be briefed," I replied coldly, before turning to climb back
  to my office,.  
Welfare Polices. The Company had the best interests of not only its staff,
  but it's staffs family members at heart. This folder contained photos and a
  potted history of all the girls in the Secretarial Pool. When a married PA
  was asked to travel away on business it was policy to ensure that her husband's
  welfare was taken care off. A member of the pool would be allocated to replace
  the wife for the duration of her absence.  
My job with the book was to look through it, mark up about four or five women
  who I thought might appeal to him or would in some way compensate for my absence.
  I would then take the book home and he would choose one, or perhaps someone
  else from the file. I was just trying to take some of the load off his shoulders,
  as a good wife should. A couple of very young looking teenagers were easily
  marked up, their tight healthy bodies would compliment their inexperience and
  give him an enjoyable time if he was in the mood to spend a bit of time training.
  Liora, a well bodied Hispanic divorcee who I knew screwed like a rattle-snake
  and could be counted on to provide full satisfaction, whatever the request.
  I also noticed an 'exotic' - a mother daughter combination. The daughter was
  in the pool but a note on the file pointed towards an attachment that included
  details of her mother, a night office cleaner. Both looked very presentable
  and might amuse my husband.  
It was only as I put the book in my bag that it suddenly hit me. Yes I had
  gone on business trips with my boss before. Cramped up in coach class with
  other female travellers, carrying the suitcases and dealing with all the arrangements.
  The working on business deals, and often providing a little relaxation to the
  clients to help smooth the path. Plus of course ensuring my boss was sufficiently
  well looked after to do his job effectively. But that wouldn't be happening
  this week-end. It was the golf. What did he need me for ! He had his regular
  golf bag carrier &ndash; somewhere to put his wood, as he termed. My hole-in-one
  was his joke. So why? It struck me. Daniel! He would need a caddy ! I almost
  burst into tears before pulling myself together. I had to try and be positive.
  I would have no option if I wanted to keep my job. I would just have to ensure
  that my Heater session on Thursday was one that put me in a good light. I started
  planning in my mind how to manage the session - and Corina. And those heavy
  nipple rings were going to be playing a major part.  
**********  
By half-four my boss had almost completed his days work and was arranging
  with some work colleagues to do a little investigating of a new pole dancing
  club nearby. It's gimmick was that they had a sponsorship deal with the City
  Police Department. Off-duty police women were allocated sessions there on a
  rota basis and got to wear very abbreviated uniforms. On the other hand I,
  like all the other female staff needed to work until at least 6pm and I spent
  the time ploughing through the heavy work-load. My husband had instructed me
  to get home promptly tonight as he was having an evening in with some mates
  playing poker. He would have left for home ages ago and public transport would
  delay my return. He had kindly arranged a taxi for me and I got a call from
  reception to say it had arrived.  
Closing down the office I grabbed my bag and ran for the stairs, leaping
  into the cab. The driver, a swarthy, middle-aged man of Mediterranean appearance,
  looked at the small TV screen on his dashboard. For security all cabs had a
  small camera in the back and at a push of a button the goings-on could be recorded.
  Many a cabbie had received a good tip in exchange for a tape of some energetic
  coupling or blow job that had taken place during the ride &ndash; something
  that a man could take home and enjoy watching. My husband had a small collection
  himself, though I only figured in one of them.  
In his screen I knew he would be seeing a very attractive woman, but I also
  knew that in a while he would be seeing much more of me. In my bag I had the
  clothes I was to wear for the evening and in order to save time I would be
  changing in the cab. As we drove through town I was also aware of people looking
  through the windows as I removed my clothes, folded them and packed them carefully
  in my bag. I could hear the whirr of the video recorder and guessed I would
  be a re-run later this evening. Out of my bag I pulled a white lace cincher &ndash; front
  fastening. This shrunk my waist by at least two inches and was a pig to put
  on. I must have contorted myself into some pretty revealing positions as I
  struggled to tighten the hooks. Matching white net stockings, held up by thin
  ribbons and clips. On my head went a lacy maids cap and on my wrists matching
  white and black lace wristlets. White heels and that was it. I spent a long
  time ensuring my make up and hair was immaculate, and highlighted my nipples
  and pussy with a smear of glittery Vaseline. A burst of perfume and I was ready.
  I sat back for the last few minutes of the drive catching glimpses of the drivers
  leering face in his rear view mirror.  
We arrived, and I got out but before I could rush to the door the driver
  in insisted I sign a travel docket for billing my husband later. Standing on
  the street almost naked was not something new to me but I never failed to feel
  uncomfortable. I thanked the driver and rushed up the drive. Quietly I entered
  the house I droped my bag by the door then with my breast, pussy and best smile
  on display I entered the lounge. The four men were all sitting in easy chairs
  in a loose square playing cards. I was not surprised to see a woman kneeling
  on all fours, her back acting as the card table. All I could see was her quite
  large, very firm rear but I would recognise those pouty nether lips and that
  winking bottom hole anywhere. It was Hilary, the ex-wife of my husbands best
  friend. Like all divorcees these days she had got custody of the kids and a
  very small alimony payment that allowed her to bring them up. In exchange she
  had had to sign a contract agreeing to get a job to top up the alimony payments,
  to abstain from re-marrying until the children were either 21 or had left home
  and to undertake 24 hours a week unpaid domestic service for her ex-husband,
  the work and times to be decided by him. This clearly was part of this weeks
  work commitment. I knew that she had had a hard time getting back into the
  labour market. Times were tough out there and the competition fierce. She had
  managed to pick up a job with the sanitation department of the Council which
  meant that her job was a varied one of park cleaning, refuse collection, street
  cleaning and public convenience attendant. Pay was not particularly good but
  the job was steady.  
I smiled at the men, gave a little bob curtsy and at the nod of my husbands
  head I went to the kitchen to get more beers and start heating the nibbles.  
The evening was an enjoyable one, for the men. Hilary's back must have been
  aching and my inner thighs and bum cheeks received a lot of painful rough attention
  but by the end of the evening my husband was ahead by 12 Euros. I smiled proudly
  and got ready for the evening finale. The lads expected a good screwing but
  beforehand they wanted some entertaining. Usually if I was alone this would
  consist of either an erotic dance with a lot of self-fingering or laying over
  their laps for a hand spanking. Tonight, with Hilary here we put on a fairly
  enthusiastic Heater session. We had done it before for our husbands and I quite
  enjoyed the opportunity to re-acquaint myself with her hard body. Before we
  achieved any pleasure for ourselves however we were posed. Hilary lay back
  on a coffee table her head hanging backwards over the edge. My husband slid
  in. His favourite is to feel a spasming through on his cock-head. He grabbed
  her ankles and pulling them up under his armpits he provided a clear access
  for his mate to enjoy either of the presented two holes. Trevor took full advantage &ndash; three
  stokes in one, then out and three stokes in the other. Repeat.  
I was asked to sit on Jacks willie facing away from him. Although he is pretty
  large and fat his cock is the opposite and it is quite hard to get a good grip.
  He told me not to move an to use my cunt muscles to make him come. Not easy
  on such a small wiener but I did my best. I was also told to lean forward and
  wank off James between my tits. Trying to keep my bottom half still, concentrating
  on squeezing my internal muscles while moving my upper half and concentrating
  on squeezing my breast flesh around a hard penis was not easy, but Jack found
  a way to help me concentrate. He reached over to the tray of nibbles and picking
  up a pickled chilli pepper he slid it up my anus. I had no trouble relaxing
  and squeezing after that.  
*********  
At the end of the long evening, after prolonged goodbyes and plenty of slaps
  on the buttocks the men left, Hilary left with her ex, not looking totally
  happy about it.  
My husband went upstairs to bed and I spent the next hour clearing up before
  slipping into bed beside him. I noted that had taken the Welfare Policies book
  I had left on his Pillow. Not surprisingly the Mother/Daughter pairing had
  been marked. I'd arrange tomorrow  
I slid next to him wearing an almost non-existent chemise. It is rare that
  my husband wakes up before me but when he does he likes his early morning gobble
  nicely packaged. I lay back, thinking about the day, concerned about the weekend
  but happy to be home, with my man.  
If you enjoyed this story, you might wish to visit:  
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/pa-magazine/   
to learn more about the PA Magazine universe!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Georg Kinaski


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





