BDSM Library - Volition




Volition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Steroid juiced husband inflicts his sadistic depravities upon his sexy older wife and "Lolita" daughter. VOLITION  
47 year old Jennifer glanced at the clock on the kitchen wall. Her new and
  younger (39) husband Paul was due home shortly, and as she twisted her hands
  in anxiety she new what that would entail. Paul was a union electrician by
  trade but he had become obsessed with weightlifting and lately anabolic steroids.
  Paul was only 5'9" but his body was absolutely ripped and bulked. Furthermore,
  the HGH had made Paul increasingly irritable, aggressive and mean. Jennifer's
  first husband had died in a car accident which had left her and their beautiful
  teenage daughter Marie practically destitute. She was introduced to Paul by
  her sister-in-law, Paul's younger sister. It was fortuitous as Paul had money;
  he was handsome and, like Jennifer, was compulsively sex driven. She wasn't
  exactly "head over heels" in love with Paul but he was a more than convenient
  meal ticket. Jennifer was into semi-rough sex but over the last couple of months
  Paul had taken it to a whole different level to his wife's considerable dismay.
  Jennifer heard Paul's Dodge diesel dually pickup enter the driveway.  
Jennifer had certainly been one piece-of-tail in her day. Age and childbirth
  had taken its inevitable toll but she was still a "unit" for her age. 5'7",
  tawnny lightly tanned skin, short blond-brown hair, 126 lbs., large blue eyes,
  medium nose and full sensuous lips; a slender neck that gave way to her voluptuous
  breasts, breasts that had become ever heavier, fuller and larger with age Jennifer
  watched her diet to mitigate the shapely but thick trunk of her buttocks, cunt,
  thighs and calves. Yes, naked her titties drooped and she had some minor stretch
  marks but that didn't detract from the essential eroticism of her body.  
She strode to the front door barefoot in her tight white tee shirt, her tit
  bags swaying and her large thick nipples aroused by the chafing cotton, and
  designer jeans with an ice cold Heineken in her right hand. This was not a
  spontaneous action but rather part of a larger protocol mandated by Paul. Paul
  opened the front door, grabbed the beer from Jennifer and in one swig finished
  it off. He grasped her by the hand and led her upstairs to their bedroom for,
  among other acts of depravity, a pre-supper throat-fucking.  
Jennifer heard John in the master bathroom taking a scalding hot shower.
  Jennifer was preparing herself for what she would correctly anticipate would
  be some painfully sadistic sex with her "juiced" husband. Jennifer was lying
  totally naked on her back sideways across the king-size bed with her neck and
  head just hanging over the edge of the mattress. Her huge white blue-veined
  titties were slightly sagging sideways high on her chest, the large dark brown
  areoles and thick rubbery nipples stimulated. Her tit bags were bruised with
  small yellow and blue colorations; they were marked with thin but very well
  defined and raised welts; the elongated nipples were indented here and there
  with teeth marks. As instructed by Paul her legs were stretched out as far
  as she could accommodate, revealing what appeared to be the same type of welt
  marks on her thick but shapely and very sensitive inner thigh flesh. Jennifer
  had her eyes closed and her mouth was wide open, her shiny white teeth contrasting
  with her full red lips. She heard Paul enter the bedroom for the bathroom and
  walk over to where Jennifer's head was.  
 "Okay baby, Daddy's going to deep-throat-fuck you good and hard and long.
  You know what to do and what not to do. Keep the noise down. You don't want
  Marie to hear her mother screaming do we? Last afternoon you were not really
  into it, so I am going to have to use the alligator clips on your nips for
  a little incentive. OK?"  
"God, Paul, please. I will do anything you say but please take it easy. I
  don't want Marie to hear what's going on in here." Jennifer began to tear.  
"Then you will just have to suffer in silence, won't you. I told you a month
  ago I was going to increase your pain punishments until you specifically and
  unequivocally give me your permission to discipline Marie. It's up to you Jennifer?  
"Never. How can you be so mean and perverted? Please, I'm begging you."  
"Ok, bitch, open those beautiful blue eyes of yours."  
Jennifer was staring right at Paul's 10" blood engorged cock, the purple
  pencil-size veins pulsating the length of his rigid fleshy shaft. His oversized
  mushroomed shaped head was a dark red, the long and deep pee slit oozing the
  thick viscous yellow-white fluid that was his pre-cum.  
"Ok baby, here we go. Make Daddy feel real good. You know exactly what I
  want and how I want it. Your mouth is a toilet for Daddy's yummy volumes of
  milkshake sperm. Daddy is going to mouth-fuck you so you use that pretty and
  strong pink tongue of yours like you know you can. While you're busy on my
  cock, I will be using these little guys on those big tender nipples of yours.
  Here we go baby."  
Before Jennifer could verbally protest Paul thrust his rigid fleshy gland
  into her mouth and all the way down her tight cunt-like throat. In and out,
  all the way down and then back out, A rhythmic piston dance, Jennifer busily
  tongue fucking his pee-slit with her tongue. She knew how to milk him and she
  new the faster she could effect an ejaculation the quicker she could end the
  torture Paul was going to inflict on her tender and sensitive nipples. Paul
  loved the small but vicious electrical metal alligator clamps with the tiny
  sharp serrated teeth that would almost effortlessly sink into Jennifer's erotic
  rubbery nipple meat. Paul thought that after this little pain session Jennifer
  would gladly assent to Paul's cravings to regularly punish "Lolita" Marie.
  John took his right hand and started to vice-squeeze and manipulate Jennifer's
  right spongy soft titty bag. Jennifer moaned and worked ever more feverishly
  with her tongue on Paul's rigid but wet and slimy prick gland. His hand worked
  its way up to the tender rubbery nipple and began to roughly squeeze and twist
  the resilient flesh meat of her nipple-teat. Jennifer is beginning to hump
  her hips now and John can see some glistening on her red swollen fat cunt lips.
  John opens the spring mechanism of the alligator clamp and places the serrated
  teeth jaws at the end of her nipple. He lets go and the tiny vicious alligator
  clamp teeth sinks deep into Jennifer's nipple meat at the very end of her nips.
  Jennifer is humping and twisting and moaning but continue to mouth fuck and
  milk Paul's cock. Paul also continues to methodically and relentlessly throat-
  rape his wife and she begins to feel and taste ever increasing volumes of his
  gooey salty spunk. John now takes his thumb and forefinger and presses hard
  and twists on each side of the clamp jaw teeth, the serrated teeth sinking
  deeper into Jennifer's tenderized teat. Microscopic drops of blood peek out
  around the imbedded alligator clamp. He presses ever harder, as hard as he
  can. Jennifer is in a state of pain-pleasure shock. Paul is starting to discharge
  a full steady flow of his jism and Jennifer is frantically working her traumatized
  throat muscle to evacuate the acrid fluid down her bruised esophagus. White
  cummy is leaking out of her pussy cunt and draining down her asscrack between
  her full, soft and fatty-white buttock flesh.  
To be continued  
VOLITION Part 2  
Paul had climaxed and blown his entire stench-spunk load deep down Jennifer's
  slender throat. He was pulling up on Jennifer's head forcing his long throbbing
  cock as deep as he could into Jennifer's cunt-like throat, her mouth encapsulating
  his entire tool and her lips now mashed into Paul's pubes. Jennifer was literally
  strangling on his slimy ten inch gland.  
"Like my love cock, baby? We're just getting started honey. Your other nip
  looks so lonely without the alligator clamp. I've got some small sharper alligator
  clamps for your cunt too baby. Oh yah."  
Jennifer is shaking and her eyes are tearing from the humiliation and pain.
  God, she thought, Paul's mind has become deranged with all the steroids he's
  taking. She know now there are no limits and he will eventually force her to
  assent to Paul's demands relating to her beautiful innocent daughter.  
Paul slowly withdraws his shrinking prick from his wife's mouth. It flops
  out and residual emissions of his hot thick yellow-white semen leak out and
  onto Jennifer's neck and tit bags.  
"Ok honey, you weren't able to scream because I had you gagged with my cock.
  I really don't want Marie to hear the terrible screams from you as I continue
  your little punishment. So please ask me to tape your mouth. Ask me real nice."  
"Please Paul; please don't hurt me any more. Please! I will do anything.
  I will lick your asshole, I know you love that. Ok? Please!"  
"Alright baby, whatever you say. I won't tape you. If you scream, it's your
  own damn fault if little Marie hears her mommy grunting like a whore. While
  I'm fitting your other nipple with the alligator clamp, I want you to give
  me a real good asshole licking. And it better be good or I'm going to really
  give you something to scream about."  
Paul's' muscular torso crawls up on the bed and he straddles his wife, lowing
  his butt over his beautiful wife's face. He takes the other electrical alligator
  clamp in one hand and with his other hand pulls on Jennifer's one undamaged
  long rigid rubbery nipple. Paul presses on the twin clamp flanges and the small
  jaws open, the tiny ultra-sharp serrated teeth glistening in reflection off
  the ambient light. Simultaneously Jennifer has spread Paul's muscular ass cheeks
  open with her slender fingers revealing Paul's hairy crack and his meaty asshole.
  Her little pink tongue snakes out of her mouth and she begins to lick-fuck
  her husbands butt hole; now more aggressively tongue fucking and burrowing
  her face into his ass crack., Jennifer knows Paul won't be happy unless she
  forces her tongue-penis past the gate of his tight strong sphincter ring. And
  that she does, her tongue flicking inside and along the walls of his stenchy
  musky asshole rectum. Paul now lowers the jaws over the end of Jennifer's swollen
  sensitive teat and releases the spring pressure, the vicious clamp closing
  and mashing Jennifer's teat meat, the razor sharp serrated stainless teeth
  digging into the sensitive nipple flesh. Paul presses hard with his fingers
  on both sides of the clamp jaws, the teeth further sinking into her nipple.
  Jennifer is screaming into her husband's asshole. He presses harder and the
  even harder now as his wife's nipple is compressed and mashed by the tiny vicious
  teeth of the tortuous alligator clamp, tiny droplets of blood squeezing out
  around the cruel clamp. Jennifer alternately screams and enthusiastically tongue-fucks
  deep and aggressively into his asshole flesh walls. The flaccid snake of Paul's
  cock has transformed into a rigid pulsating fuck shaft again, emitting a fresh
  supply of pre-semen and Jennifer's cunny is swollen and slicked up with her
  internal vaginal cunt juices. Unbeknownst to Jennifer Paul is now going to
  work over Jennifer's cunt labia with a smaller but sharper set of alligator
  clamps. Paul is beginning to fantasize about how and what type of obscene depravities
  he will eventually inflict on his exquisite virgin step-daughter, "Princess" Marie.  
To be continued  
VOLITION Part 3  
"Princess" Marie was the biologic product of Jennifer and her first, and
  now deceased, husband Patricio, an upper-class Venezuelan. Eighteen year old
  Marie was a sculpture of anatomical perfection. The private-school honor student
  was visually stunning, 5'6" tall, large blue eyes, light blond hair, a delicate
  and petite nose, a wide mouth with perfect white teeth and plump lips, muscular,
  long and lithe legs, her skin blemish-free and porcelain-like. And she had
  the genetic code of her mother's breasts. Huge, larger than Jennifer's, fleshy
  bags of liquid weight that wobbled and swung from side to side that hung high
  on her narrow chest and drooped , even at her young age, because of their overwhelming
  size and scale; large puckered dark pink and sweat gland &ndash;crinkled aureoles
  and finger-like, tender, meaty brown nipples. During the day her titties were
  always encased in a custom sports bra, that flattened and mashed the bags of
  flesh, as innocent little Marie was extremely self-conscious and embarrassed
  of her cow-like mammaries. Whenever she concentrated too long about her breasts,
  her labia and cunt would become slippery-slick and produce a neural tingle
  through her vagina.  
Jennifer appeared a little drawn and tired at the breakfast table, her eyes
  were red and when she moved, it was as if she was in pain and very sore. Paul
  was bright-eyed and on his third cup of strong coffee after springing out of
  bed and immediately injecting himself with a cocktail of Anadrol and Equipoise.  
"Good morning Marie."  
"Good morning Paul."  
"Marie, I'm not going to tell you again, you are to call me Father."  
"But you're not my father!"  
"Jennifer, why don't you explain the facts of life to our impudent daughter."  
Jennifer, shaking, drew a slip of paper out of her pajama pocket and unfolded
  it.  
"Paul, Please&hellip;&hellip;.."  
"Jennifer, read it out loud, NOW. I told you the consequences of disobeying
  me. Remember?"  
Jennifer started to cry but began reading off the paper.  
" "Marie, effective immediately you will ALWAYS address Paul as Father. You
  will obey Father at all times. You will acquiesce to all his request and orders,
  without question. Father will use corporal punishments to discipline you every
  day. Father will perform comprehensive physical examinations every week on
  your breasts, vagina and anus. Father is your Master. Do you understand?" "  
"Are you crazy, Mom?. No, I don't understand, at all!"  
"Marie, Father has instructed me to inform you to come home immediately after
  school for your first examination and punishment. You will rendezvous with
  Father in the Punishment Room in the basement at 4:00 P.M. You will wear a
  white terry-cloth bathrobe over your naked body. If you do not obey these instructions,
  Father will severely beat Mommy."  
Jennifer is openly crying now.  
"Ok Mom, I will be there. I will. Please don't cry. You are scaring  
me."  
Little Marie had a difficult time concentrating in her classes at the private
  Catholic high school she attended. At 4:00 sharp and with fear and trepidation
  as Marie descended the staircase leading to the basement, she overheard her
  stepfather on the cell phone talking to her mom. "Just remember Jennifer, if
  the little Princess doesn't cooperate this afternoon, you're gonna pay big
  time down here in the Punishment Room." Then he abruptly hung-up. So Mom was
  not in the house. He had apparently ordered her to stay away for this little
  event. Marie shivered.  
"Princess, is that you? Come over to your Father."  
Marie hurriedly walked down the last few steps on the staircase and entered
  the Punishment Room. Paul had invested a lot of time and effort to create his "play
  room", stock full of bizarre accoutrements. He had purchased a used gynecology
  examination table, an old leather pummel horse, an old grade-school outside
  steel gym set, and a potpourri of implements of corporal punishment that he
  had acquired at a horse tack store and myriad and sundry items purchased at
  reliable Home Depot. Marie's jaws dropped wide open as she surveyed Paul's
  perverted creation.  
"Take your robe off, Princess."  
"Please, please, please Paul don't hurt me." Marie began to sniffle and whimper.  
"This is absolutely the last time I will remind you to call me Father. And
  I also remind you that every time you disobey me your mother will be subject
  to a severe discipline session. Now strip, you little cock-teasing Princess
  bitch."  
Yes, Father. Please don't hurt Mommy." Marie's neck and movie-star face turned
  crimson in embarrassment.  
Marie undid the cotton sash and the white terry-cloth robe fell off her alabaster
  shoulders to the floor. Marie was facing Paul in her "birthday suit". Paul's
  loins involuntarily stirred as blood rushed to his root. Paul's eyes were transfixed
  on Marie's huge hanging mammary bags, over-ripe fleshy melons, the areoles
  raised and puckered and her nipple-teats rubbery and thick. No human except
  for her mother had seen Marie in her naked virgin glory.  
Paul standing in the shadows was naked too, his penile gland blood engorged
  with the urinary meatus already leaking the smelly musk of pre-ejaculate. Paul
  picked up another parallel scent which could only be the wafting smell of rut-sex
  emanating from Marie's swollen vulva-cunt. Paul had entered his lust zone now.
  His Princess's liquid tit bags would become Milkers under his tutelage. A regular
  regimen of extremely painful injections of prolactin, the milk making hormone
  and oxytocin, the milk releasing hormone, along with extensive breast massage,
  nipple stimulation and a hospital grade electric breast pump would make his
  Princess a lactating cow. Semen began to leak down the side of Paul's pulsating
  purple-veined penile shaft. He would begin on her titties immediately.  
"Ok Princess, up on the table here, on your back. Father needs to perform
  a thorough physical examination. Hurry up now. Good girl."  
Marie hopped up on the padded cold leather platform of the elevated gynecological
  table; her flawless alabaster buttock flesh wobbled and cushioned the impact.  
"That's right Princess, lay all the way back and scoot down a little. You'll
  have to stretch your legs way out, honey, to fit your pretty little feet in
  the stirrups.  
Stretching out was an understatement. The cold stainless steel stirrups were
  at forty-five degrees to either side of the table.  
"That hurts, Father." If Marie only had a clue how much she was going to
  hurt or be hurt. Paul got one foot in a stirrup and secured it with the leather
  buckle strap. He had to pull and stretch hard on the opposite foot and ankle
  to extend it out of the other stirrup and secured it also. Marie's puffy brown-red
  external genitilia was totally exposed from the mons veneris down to the perenium
  and her tiny pink anus. Her labia majora lips were large, fat and fleshy like
  her mother's. Paul would dry shave her blond vulva pubic hair with a dull straight
  razor but he had other priorities. He secured his little Princess with two
  wide leather buckle straps, one around her stomach and another high on her
  chest below her aroused heaving tit bags, cinching both tight. Finally he placed
  Marie's head in the adjustable stainless-steel "skull tray", securing her with
  a narrower leather buckle strap around her dainty forehead. Marie was now imprisoned
  on the gynecological examination table with no range of movement.  
"Father must examine your breasts now, Princess. I will check for lumps.
  I also should tell you, Father is going to start extensive manipulation of
  your titties as it is important that they be conditioned for lactation, as
  you will need this one day when you become a mother yourself."  
Please, please father, don't hurt me, please."  
"Well Princess, I will try not to but, if you must know, some of the things
  I have to do are going to be extraordinarily painful. I'm sorry."  
Marie was palpably quivering in fear, a light sheen of perspiration spreading
  across her beautific body.  
"Princess, no talking now while I concentrate on my examination but you may
  scream if you feel like it. Good girl."  
Paul went to the head of the table and looked down into Marie's large blue
  eyes.  
"Are you thirsty, Princess, Your lips look dry."  
"Yes, Father."  
Paul reached down and scooped up a glob of his thick smelly semen hanging
  off his slimy penile gland. He brought his hand up and pressed his palm over
  Marie's mouth and plump lips and pressed down smearing the acrid goo into her
  face. Marie panicked and tried to wrench herself away but, of course, she was
  tightly secured. She was able to turn her head a little and bit down on Paul's
  wrist.  
"You fucking little cunt! You're going to pay for this, honey. And as an
  extra bonus, mother is going to pay also. You won't believe&hellip;&hellip;."  
Paul flexed his hands and grabbed both of Marie's billowing mammaries at
  the base of her chest and began to squeeze and manipulate the soft resilient
  tit-flesh hard. Squeezing harder he worked his way up toward her large puckered
  sweat-gland crinkled aureoles and began to viciously pinch them around their
  entire circumference and then he stated to dig his fingernails into the thick
  rubbery nipple teat meat. Princess was now screaming uncontrollably.  
Paul would next prepare a thick-needled syringe for the injection of the
  prolactin hormones. The normal medical protocol called for intramuscular injection.
  Paul thought a delayed injection directly into Princess's nipple-teat meat
  was indicated.  
To be continued  
VOLITION Part 4  
The phone rang in the Punishment Room. It was Jennifer calling from a pay
  phone exactly at 5:00pm as instructed by Paul. Paul put the call on speaker-phone
  mode.  
"Hi Jennifer, how's my babe?"  
"Paul, where is Marie? Is she all right. You haven't been too severe with
  her have you?"  
"Mommy, mommy please help me! Father is hurting me real bad!"  
"Oh God, Paul. What in the name of God are you doing to my baby?  
"Both of you bitches, shut the fuck up."  
"Please, I beg you Paul, don't hurt my baby?" Jennifer was crying.  
"Jennifer, your little Princess bit Father on the wrist. So I am afraid both
  of you will have to be severely punished for that. In the meantime, your baby
  is going to receive her first hormone injections and I wanted you to hear all
  about it. This may hurt a tiny bit. Jennifer, you just hang on the line and
  listen and remember to keep your mouth shut."  
Paul walked over to the corner of the room and retrieved a metal contraption.
  Actually it was a homemade breast-press that he had specially designed and
  built for Marie's voluptuous mammary bags. Two, two-foot long extruded aluminum
  tubes connected in parallel with bolts and large wing nuts at each end. Paul
  had taken a file and had roughly scraped the inside surfaces of the aluminum
  creating sharp metal extrusions along the tubes.  
"Ok, Princess. Father needs to fit these over your breasts to make your hormone
  therapy easier. Good girl. No need to cry."  
Paul lifted one of Marie's huge liquid tit bags by the nipple and with the
  other hand placed the metal press around the wide base of the titty. He repeated
  the process on the other mammary gland. Pressing down on the metal tubes he
  began to tighten down both wing nuts. Slowly but surely the tubes began to
  cruelly sink into the spongy and tender tit meat.  
Jennifer's huge fleshy titties began to balloon and firm. Paul continued
  to tighten the wing nuts, Jennifer's titty meat at the base of her chest flattening
  and narrowing, the aluminum tubes disappearing into the folds of Jennifer's
  fatty tittie meat. Jennifer's mammaries were now even more swollen and ballooned,
  her areoles and nipples protruding and rigid, the flesh coloration evolving
  from alabaster white to a dark red. Paul continued to tighten&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
"Jennifer, there is no need to cry, at least yet."  
Marie's athletic and taut pubescent body, stretched and immobilized on the
  gynecological examination table, her cunt genitilia vividly splayed, and her
  basketball-size swollen red tit bags contrasting with the porcelain color of
  the rest of her anatomy, there was all of Marie to satiate Paul's obscene cravings.
  The cacophony of screaming from Marie and Jennifer precipitated the foul discharge
  of jism from the urethral slit of Paul's penis. Paul squeezed the spunk from
  his pulsating prick into the cupped palm of his hand and he smeared and kneaded
  it into Princess's ballooning breast meat, her tits a red glistening mass of
  pain.  
"Ok Princess, breathe easy and just relax while Father prepares the hypodermic
  syringe."  
"Goddamit Paul, leave my baby alone. Please don't hurt her. I'll let you
  use the cigarettes on my titties. I know you want to. Please, I beg you."  
"Jennifer, you have no idea what I'm going to do to your tits. But you will
  find out later tonight after I'm done with the little Princess here. You just
  stay on the phone there, listen and keep the fuck quiet."  
Paul opened the top drawer on the massive stainless-steel Craftsman tool
  chest and withdrew a stock 10ml disposable syringe preloaded with the Prolactin.
  Paul however had modified the hypodermic needle and replaced it with a beefy
  7 gauge, the largest in production.  
"Princess, like I said, this may unfortunately hurt a little, so I am going
  to gag you, with my cock."  
Paul could hear Jennifer over the speaker-phone alternately crying and screaming.
  Princess was straining against her restraints to utterly no avail, her beautiful
  blue eyes bulging with fright. Paul lowered Marie's head that was strapped
  in the "skull tray", bending it downward, the angle causing to strain her neck
  and involuntarily gapping her mouth open. Marie's exquisite full sensuous lips
  were red and moist. He did the final adjustment to align Marie's mouth-cunt
  with his nearly exploding penile gland. Paul directed his long rigid purple-veined
  and mushroomed-capped prick to the entrance of Marie' exquisite mouth, his
  odorous and viscous semen leaking down Marie's lower lip and chin. Paul slowly
  guided his gag-gland fully into Marie's wet mouth to the entrance to her silky
  throat.  
"Good girl, Princess. I want you to bathe Father's cock with your tongue
  now and lightly nip me with those pretty white teeth of yours. That's it, good
  girl! I hope you feel as good as I do. Keep it up, Princess, just like that.
  Oh yah. You can swallow Father's precious liquid seed too. Hmmmm."  
"You fucking animal." Jennifer was screaming thru the speaker-phone; Paul
  totally ignoring her.  
Paul raised his right hand with the six inch long hypodermic needle-syringe,
  the shiny long and narrow stainless steel implement reflecting off the bright
  overhead klieg lamps. He pointed the torture instrument directly over one of
  Marie's ultra-sensitive blood engorged protruding areoles. The point of the
  needle sunk into the swollen flesh like a knife thru butter. Paul pressed it
  and down about four inches into Princess's titty-meat bag. Jennifer evoked
  a blood-curdling scream and Paul simultaneously thrusting his prick down the
  wall of Marie's throat, spraying her oral cavity with his foul thick spunk,
  while firmly depressing the syringe-plunger, injecting Marie's balloon-swollen
  mammary flesh with the lactose producing hormone. Behind the background noise
  of Jennifer's screams and Marie's gagging and drowning on the ejaculating fuck-prick,
  Paul's eyes were glazing over, his mind lust-transfixed in a twilight zone&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
To be continued  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  johnny payne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





