BDSM Library - Girls Night In




Girls Night In
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melody is invited for an evening of entertainment - but she is the entertainment.GIRLS NIGHTS IN Part One  
 Two weeks had passed since that dreadful, wonderful, night at the pub, Melody's
  bottom was back to it's original smooth creamy complexion.  
 &quot;They won't call me&quot; Melody tried to convince herself as she sat
  with Steve watching the T.V.. She'd seen Sue in the supermarket and there had
  been no mention of the happenings in the pub, &quot;No they had taught her
  a lesson and were content&quot; somehow her thoughts rang hollow.  
 The phone rang..&quot;I'll get it&quot; said Melody rushing out to the hall.
  Her heart came into her mouth as she recognised Meg's voice. &quot;Hello darling,
  you hadn't thought we'd forgotten about you - had you?&quot;  
 &quot;Oh no, you can't be serious, I'll get you money, anything&quot; Melody
  whispered in to the receiver.  
 &quot;Steve's there then&quot; said Meg realising that Melody was keeping
  her voice down &quot;Sally and I will be expecting you at my house at 4.30
  on Friday, that gives you three days to get ready&quot;  
 &quot;But, but I can't just go out for the evening. Steve will want to know
  where I've gone&quot; exclaimed Melody, still in hushed tones.  
 &quot;An evening! You've forgotten our little pact. We said for the whole
  weekend. Don't worry about Steve, tell him you're going round to Sue's. Bob
  is away. Tell him you've got to give her a hand with some dress making. If
  Steve phones her she'll cover.&quot;  
 &quot;But I can't&quot; hissed a very nervous Melody &quot;Please let me
  off&quot;  
 &quot;Let you off, let you off. Not on your bike&quot; laughed Meg &quot;Sally
  and I have been looking forward to having our own personal slave for the weekend.
  Now tell me how you are looking forward to another spanking and letting us
  play with your fanny&quot;  
 &quot;No, I won't&quot; Melody firmly replied  
 &quot;Ok then I'll get Sue to send a copy of the video to your employers,
  I'm sure they'll enjoy it&quot;  
 Melody's heart was beating like a drum, she was trapped again, there was
  nothing she could do but comply.....&quot;Yes I do want to be spanked and show
  you my body. There I've said it. I'll see you Friday&quot; and with that she
  put the phone down.  
 It was no trouble convincing Steve of her reason for being away for the
  weekend, he'd got things to do round the house and was happy that she was going
  out to have some fun..... If only he'd known.  
 --------------------  
 Melody was early and it was only four fifteen as she mounted the steps of
  the large Victorian house where Meg lived. Before she could ring the bell it
  was opened by Sally &quot;My you are eager, you had better come on in.&quot; Noticing
  the bag Melody was carrying she commented &quot;You didn't have to bring anything,
  we have all you will need&quot;  
 She led her through the house and upstairs to one of the large bedrooms. &quot;You'll
  find some clothes in the wardrobe, change into them. You can put your own things
  in that rubbish bag on the floor, you won't need them for a while. When you've
  done come down to the lounge&quot;  
 Hesitantly Melody took her clothes off and placed them in the bag as instructed.
  Opening the wardrobe she expected to see clothes she would recognise, she was
  disappointed. Hanging over two coat hangers were a pair of stockings, a suspender
  belt, corset and a bra..... all made of shiny black latex rubber. Standing
  on the floor beneath them were a pair of black shoes....with three inch heels.  
 As she finished putting the clothes on she stood back to look in the mirror
  and could hardly believe her eyes. She looked like one of the women in the
  magazines Steve had in the bottom of the wardrobe. The rubber clung to her
  and the corset pushed her tits up so far that the bra was full to bursting.
  As she moved she swayed on the heels and it took a few minutes of practice
  before she was confident to attempt the stairs.  
 &quot;What have they got in mind for me dressed up like this&quot; she wondered.  
 The two women were sitting facing the door as Melody entered. &quot;Very
  nice&quot; said Meg &quot;that will do nicely&quot;  
 They stood up and circled the rubber clad girl, running their hands over
  her body and squeezing her flesh where it was not covered in the black sheathing.  
 Running the palm of her hand over Melody's lower stomach Meg said &quot;Your
  hair is growing back on your pussy my little play thing, we'll have to remedy
  that later. I like my fanny to be smooth and accessible&quot;  
 When they had finished their examination they took her into the kitchen.......there
  were piles of dirty crockery everywhere.  
 &quot;You can get that lot cleared away and then you can cook us some dinner.
  Pasta and chilli, and it had better be on the table by 5.30 or you'll be for
  it&quot; and with that the two women returned to the lounge.  
 Looking at the clock she realised that there was no time to be wasted and
  immediately set to clearing up. As she finished the first bowl of dishes she
  realised that she hadn't said anything since arriving, not a word to try and
  get out of the weekend!  
 Despite all her efforts, dinner was served at ten to six. As she laid the
  dishes in front of the girls Meg got up and took her by the ear &quot;Ouch,
  that hurts&quot; cried Melody as she was propelled across the room to an armchair
  and pushed over the arm. Before she could rise Meg's strong arm pushed her
  down into the giving fabric. &quot;I'll teach you to be disobedient young lady&quot; she
  snapped and landed a firm slap across Melody's up turned bottom.  
 Melody struggled, but to avail, Meg was too strong, and experienced, to
  let her wriggle free. As the blows rained down on her unprotected arse she
  realised why there had been no pants with the costume.  
 By the time twenty spanks had been landed Melody was sobbing in to the cushions,
  not so much as a result of the pain that was flooding through her lower body,
  but more because of the humiliation of the situation.  
 Releasing her Meg pulled her up and stood her in a corner so that they could
  feast their eyes on her red bottom as they ate their meal.  
 As she stood there she was horrified to feel that her fanny was wet, not
  damp, WET! She'd actually got exited being spanked by another woman. She hoped
  they wouldn't notice, she didn't want them to think she was a dyke like them........  
 Finishing their meal the two women led Melody back to the kitchen and seating
  themselves at the table instructed her to clean up the mess she had made. As
  she stood at the sink scrubbing the pots and dishes she could feel their eyes
  on her back.  
 She jumped as something stroked over her bottom and legs and turning she
  saw a riding crop with an ivory horse head handle in Meg's hand. &quot;Sorry
  did I make you jump my lovely&quot; smiled Meg &quot;now get back to your work,
  if you don't want to feel my whip around your bottom&quot; and saying that
  she landed a light whack with the crop across Melody's upper leg.  
 The pain this 'gentle' stroke caused was enough to convince her to redouble
  her efforts , despite the fact that the crop was again being used to trace
  patterns over her bottom and legs, Meg occasionally flicked the leather loop
  at the end to remind her of it's other uses.  
 As the washing up was finished Sally picked up the dishes and scrutinised
  them closely, &quot;this one's still got muck on it, and this doesn't look
  as though it has even been touched. I'll have to teach you how to clean dishes
  properly I can see. Step back from the sink, lean forward and grab the taps&quot; she
  barked.  
 As she complied Melody realised that her bottom was now pushed out roundly,
  clearly Sally wasn't going to teach her by example. Her legs were slightly
  apart and Meg continued to trace the leather tip of the crop over her bottom
  and was now able to push it hard against her quim.  
 &quot;I'm sorry I'll do them again&quot; pleaded Melody  
 Suddenly she felt her vagina being penetrated, Meg had turned he crop round
  and has using the horse's head to work on Melody's love trigger. She was an
  expert and Melody felt herself pushing her body away from the edge of the sink
  and parting her legs wider so that Meg could reach her easier.  
 &quot;You like that do you?&quot; Enquired Meg easing the head further up
  the girls fanny. Withdrawing it, covered in creamy juices, she added. &quot;Tell
  me how much you like it&quot;  
 Despite herself Melody found herself complying &quot;Yes I do like it, please
  push it up harder, please make me come. I'll do anything, just make me come.
  Ooh I love it.....&quot;  
 &quot;Have you been a bad girl Melody?&quot; Sally asked, in her best school
  teacher manner.  
 &quot;Yes I have&quot; gasped Melody as Meg eased the crop over the sensitive
  lips of her quim.  
 &quot;What do you deserve then&quot;  
 &quot;I should be smacked&quot; cooed Melody, and she meant it. Meg's touch
  was re-awakening memories of the spanking she'd been given by the girls in
  the pub.  
 &quot;Yes I think half a dozen with the crop should remind you to be more
  careful with the dishes in future&quot; responded Meg &quot;You'd better hold
  on to her hands Sally, we don't want her jumping all over the place&quot;  
 Swiftly Melody's hands were clamped on to the taps by Sally, who suddenly
  reached forward and kissed her full on the mouth.  
 She recoiled, shocked and surprised, but before she could say anything Sally
  moved closer and kissed her again, this time more firmly. Melody felt the other
  girls tongue forcing its way between her teeth and exploring her mouth. Releasing
  her grip, Sally's hand reached Melody's rubber clad tits and squeezed them
  hard feeling for the nipples. In turn Melody felt her own tongue toying with
  Sally's and moved her hands to Sally's neck, waves of confused pleasure washing
  over her. As quickly as she had started, Sally stopped and taking the girls
  hand placed them back on the cold steel of the hot and cold taps. &quot;She
  won't move, will you my baby&quot; said Sally, satisfied by Melody's acknowledging
  shake of the head.  
 The first sting of pain was like nothing she had ever felt, even the cane
  in the pub had not hurt as much. It was all she could do not to let go of the
  taps, but some strange compulsion made her retain her grip.  
 After three agonising applications Meg passed the crop to Sally and moved
  close to Melody's face so that she could watch the girls reaction to the crop
  landing on her arse.  
 Any hope that Melody held that Sally would use less force was quickly removed
  and she felt her feet leave the floor and dance around as the first of Sally's
  blows fell on her bottom. Sally waited until she was still again before the
  second blow fell, a process repeated again prior to the sixth stripe being
  added to her tortured arse.  
 With tears of pain running down her face Melody followed, as commanded,
  the girls back into the lounge where they bent her over the back of a settee
  and rubbed lotion into her stinging bottom. They left her in this position
  for several minutes and she could hear one of them putting something on the
  stove and lighting the gas, after which they both went upstairs.  
 When they at last returned and told her to stand up they had removed their
  outer clothes and both stood regarding her in only stockings and panties. They
  made her move to the centre of the room and lie down on her back with her lags
  open wide. Sally then tied her feet to each end of a long pole, spreading her
  legs so that her hips ached before placing each end of the pole, complete with
  feet, on two low stools.  
 Meanwhile Meg returned carrying a pot of steaming water and placed it by
  her side.  
 &quot;What, what are you going to do to me&quot; shrieked Melody....  
 &quot;Just remove the down from between your legs, it won't hurt....much&quot;  
 Before she could complain Melody found herself looking straight up the crutch
  of Sally who was standing with one foot on each side of her head. Transfixed
  Melody watched as Sally's knickers and broad bottom approached her face. As
  it got to within six inches she could smell the strong musky scent of the other
  girls fanny. Now on her knees Sally looked back at Melody's face from between
  her legs &quot;now you're going to serve me!&quot; With that she lowered her
  cunt onto Melody's face and started to gyrate it gently over her nose and mouth.  
 At first Melody thought she'd suffocate as the cotton pants sank onto her
  face, but she found that she could gasp for breath as Sally moved her bottom
  around. After a few moments Sally got up and removed her pants before resuming
  her position. Now Melody found her nose and then her mouth embedded in Sally's
  soft sticky flesh.  
 At that moment Meg pulled back Melody's fanny flaps and slowly placed a
  long bony finger into her. Melody gasped and opened her mouth, just what Sally
  had been waiting for. Able to breath only through her nose, Melody had most
  of her mouth full of Sally's pussy.  
 Removing her fingers Meg reached over to the pan and took out a foil package
  using a set of tongs, then with a pair of scissors she cut the foil open and
  removed a strip of waxed fabric which she swiftly applied to Melody's fanny.  
 The heat, although only momentary, made Melody jump, much to Sally's enjoyment.
  Quickly Meg applied further strips, each one patted down and moved around in
  little circles so that the wax got hold of every hair, until Melody's whole
  fanny area was covered  
 The fanny of the tethered girl now effectively out of action, Meg turned
  her attention to Melody's tits and unclipping the bra eased each one in turn
  from it's safe hiding place.  
 As Meg sucked the first of her nipples into her mouth Melody started to
  lick at the soft flesh in her mouth. She could feel the skin of her pussy beginning
  to grow tight but she was not sure what they had done to her, nor what was
  to come. At that moment in time she didn't much care either - as the clever
  Meg was causing such sensations of passion by the use of her tongue on her
  rosebud nipple.  
 Meg moved back to look at the hard nipple she had just raised to a state
  of throbbing excitement, before moving on to the other of Melody's tits.  
 With a cry of delight Sally came and pushed herself off Melody's face before
  turning back to kiss her again firmly on the lips &quot;Thank you my darling,
  you really are quite good at that, but you'll be even better by the end of
  this weekend&quot;  
 &quot;What have you done to my pussy&quot; Melody asked, reaching down to
  feel between her legs. Strong hands stopped her reaching herself.  
 &quot;I said we wanted you nice and smooth, so we are waxing you&quot; replied
  Meg  
 &quot;But that will hurt so.......&quot;  
 &quot;Well that is part of the reason for doing it isn't it now&quot; smiled
  Meg &quot;hold onto her hands Sally&quot;  
 Sally pulled Melody's wrists together and hauled her arms up over her head,
  kneeling on them before pushing a cushion under her head so that Melody was
  forced to look at her own fanny down the length of her body.  
 &quot;Scream all you want my dear&quot; smiled Meg and took the corner of
  the first wax strip and slowly peeled it off. The pain was intense, as each
  hair was pulled out by it's roots as the fabric was forced way from the skin,
  Melody clamped her teeth together rather than give them the satisfaction she
  knew they wanted.  
 Seeing this Meg took the second strip and ripped it off in one swift action.
  There was no way that the girl could avoid letting out a long high pitched
  wail, surely the skin must have been removed as well.  
 By the time the last waxed cloth had been removed Melody was a limp rag
  and lay there when Sally released her grip to join Meg to look at, and feel
  how smooth Melody's fanny was.  
 &quot;Lovely and smooth isn't it Sally,&quot; Meg said as they both rubbed
  baby lotion into the folds of Melody's fanny causing her to jump at the coldness
  of the liquid &quot;it will be even more fun to play with now, won't it&quot; &quot;I
  think she's a bit tired now, shouldn't we get her ready for bed?&quot; Asked
  Sally with an evil look in her eyes.  
 Helping Melody up stairs they ran a bath for her and stripped her of her
  rubber finery before placing her in it, each taking it in turn to lather her
  body and slip their fingers up her fanny and bottom.  
 Now that the pain of the waxing had passed Melody was a willing participant
  in these bath time frolics and reached out to soap the other girls tits as
  they came within reach.  
 &quot;Oh no you don't&quot; cried Meg &quot;not tonight it's way past your
  bed time. Little girls should have been tucked up ages ago&quot;  
 Still dripping Melody was led into what was clearly Meg's  
 bedroom, the centre piece of which was an old fashioned high off the ground
  brass bed.  
 Draping a plastic sheet with 'Super Ted' emblazoned upon, it over the bed
  they made lie face down on it........  
 She heard Meg leave and then return.  
 &quot;Before naughty little girls are put to bed we must make sure that
  they're nice and clean, inside....... and out!&quot; Melody heard Meg tell
  Sally, before feeling the girls hands pulling the cheeks of her bottom apart
  and inserting something cold and slippery into her anus.  
 &quot;What are you doing&quot; she cried turning to see what had been pushed
  inside her. To her horror Meg was holding a long length of hose with a funnel
  on one end and a pump ball in the middle. She recognised it straight away.  
 &quot;Enema&quot; she shrieked and tried to rise, only to be pushed back
  down again.  
 Strong cords were used to tie her to the corners of the bed and a bolster
  pillow was pushed under the plastic sheet raising her bottom up in to the air.  
 &quot;Why couldn't I have pushed the nozzle into her bottom&quot; whined
  Sally.  
 &quot;Oh go on then do it again&quot; sighed Meg  
 Sally gratefully pulled the nozzle out with a sharp tug and examined it, &quot;Isn't
  it clever how it is thin in the middle so that she won't be able to push it
  out&quot; she said as she again worked the plastic into Melody's anus. Melody
  could hear the sound of soapy water being poured into the funnel but it was
  only when Meg began to squeeze the pump ball that the liquid began to flow
  in to her back passage.  
 &quot;Please stop, don't put any more inside me, I'll never hold it in.
  Please thrash me again, do anything, just stop pumping....I beg you.&quot; Melody
  pleaded  
 On and on Meg pumped until Melody really did think she would burst. &quot;Get
  the stopper ready&quot; Meg called and quickly removed the nozzle pushing a
  larger blank stopper back in its place, just as water began to trickle out
  of Melody's bottom.  
 &quot;Oh it hurts so much&quot; cried Melody &quot;Please let me release
  it, please let me go to the toilet&quot;  
 They left her to plead and squirm for five minutes before untying her and
  helping her to hobble to the toilet.  
 Reaching between Melody's legs Meg pulled the stopper out and immediately
  soapy water gushed into the pan at such a rate that some of it spilled out
  onto the floor.  
 Leading her back into the main room Melody was laid on her back while the
  others applied lotion to her fanny and bottom before dusting her down with
  baby powder. &quot;There we don't want nappy rash, do we&quot;  
 To her horror Melody was then wrapped in a large towelling nappy which was
  fastened with a pin.  
 &quot;Why are you doing this to me. I'll let you spank me, I'll do anything
  but why are you doing this.&quot; She implored  
 &quot;You have been a very naughty girl and until you can act your age you'll
  be treated like the baby you are&quot; said Meg &quot;now take your medicine
  and be quiet&quot; with that Sally pushed a table spoon of caster oil in to
  her mouth, quickly followed by another and another.  
 &quot;That's horrid&quot; gagged Melody and willingly took the large glass
  of water Sally offered, drinking it down in one long gulp.  
 &quot;Right - time for bed&quot; said Sally placing a ball of silk in Melody's
  mouth and securing it with wide adhesive tape. &quot;Under the bed with you&quot;  
 The poor girl soon found herself spread eagled on her back beneath Meg's
  bed with her wrists and ankles tied to each corner. &quot;Don't worry we'll
  be back later&quot; said Sally as she turned the light off and shut the door.
  It must have been a few hours later, and Melody had fallen asleep, when she
  was awoken by the light being turned on and the sound of Meg and Sally in the
  bed above her. They were clearly making love and Melody could hear the muffled
  sound of the vibrator Meg was using on Sally, they seemed to go on for hours
  until finally Meg let out a cry and the springs above Melody's head gave a
  final creek.  
 Melody thought that they had forgotten she was there until Meg's now flushed
  face came in to view as she lent over the side of the bed.  
 &quot;Hey she's awake&quot; she called to Sally whose head and shoulders
  soon appeared over the other side of the large bed.  
 &quot;Couldn't you sleep pet....did mummy wake you with her groaning?&quot; Cooed
  Meg, reaching out and fondling Melody's nearest nipple.  
 The rough handling of her flesh soon had Melody in a state of pleasurable
  confusion, which increased as Sally started to do the same to her other breast.
  The two of them mauled and tweaked the ripe flesh for several minutes until
  the tips of Melody's nipples were as hard as rock.  
 She implored them with her eyes to release her legs so that she could pull
  her thighs together and give herself some much needed relief, but to no avail.
  The two women were not intent on bringing her pleasure. Pain was their intention
  just at the moment.  
 &quot;Look how hard I've made this nipple, I bet yours isn't this hard&quot; Sally
  challenged holding the breast towards Meg to compare.  
 &quot;No but this one will still be like this in the morning&quot; laughed
  Meg and pulling the end of Melody's nipple straight up, causing the girl to
  squirm with the sudden pain, placed a clothes peg over it.  
 The pain was excruciating and Melody looked down to see her precious nipple
  trapped and twisted inside the jaws of the strong wooden peg. Meg flicked her
  finger over the top of the throbbing beacon just where it peeped out between
  the jaws. Melody groaned and twisted trying to escape the sharpness of the
  sensation.  
 &quot;Hey...that's not fair&quot; wailed Sally &quot;let me have one&quot; and
  as Melody's head snapped over to look at her, Sally clipped another peg on
  to her other breast.  
 &quot;There that's better, you get some sleep now&quot; Sally laughed as
  the two girls lay down properly in bed and the light was turned off.  
 Melody hunched her shoulders and wriggled as best she could to try and dislodge
  the implements of her torture, but they were too well applied and she finally
  had to admit defeat and lay back to try and get some sleep. After a while her
  breasts became used to the pain as the blood to her nipples was restricted
  and a point came when she could hardly feel them at all.  
 She sighed relaxing her muscles against the ropes that secured her and in
  so doing realised that she needed a pee, not just wanted but really needed
  one.  
 &quot;Of course the caster oil, and the water so kindly offered&quot; she
  thought to herself.  
 An hour past and with it the pain increased in her bladder. She tensed the
  muscles of her stomach, trying to control the natural call of nature but the....the
  dam burst and she felt the warm sensation as her urine flooded into the towelling
  nappy. On and on it came until she was lying in a soaking rag rather than the
  dry nappy she'd so hated earlier.  
 She couldn't hold back a sob of humiliation as she slipped into sleep....and
  she thought she could hear a soft laugh of triumph from the bed above.  
 &quot;What else can they possibly do to me tomorrow&quot; she thought as
  the waves of sleep took her to temporary safety.........  
GIRLS NIGHTS IN Part Two  
 Light streamed in through the window as Sally drew back the bedroom curtains. &quot;Rise
  and shine, another beautiful fun filled day is here&quot;.  
 Untied, Melody was unceremoniously pulled out from under the bed, only to
  have her hands re-tied behind her back. &quot;You bitches&quot; she snapped
  as the tape holding the gag was peeled from her mouth.  
 The slap to her face was unexpected and threw her backwards onto the unmade
  bed &quot;Don't you talk to me like that&quot; shouted Meg, &quot;from now
  on you'll only speak when you're spoken to, and you will refer to us as Mistress.
  Do you hear?&quot;  
 Melody nodded, the tears running down her face.  
 &quot;Well we can't hear you.....&quot; went on Meg  
 &quot;Yes....I understand&quot; sniffed Melody, quickly adding &quot;mistress&quot; as
  Meg's hand went back to slap her again.  
 &quot;Oh look, she's wet herself&quot; said Sally feeling the towelling
  wrap around the girls nether regions &quot;Who's been a naughty girl then?......And
  what do naughty girls get?&quot;  
 &quot;A smack&quot; Melody sobbed  
 &quot;A good hard caning when they forget the magic words&quot; Sally replied,
  with which she moved forward and unclipped one of the clothes pegs attached
  to the girls nipples.  
 As the blood flowed back into the end of her orb all the pain from the night
  before was rekindled. Melody's back arched and she let out a loud cry, squirming
  around on the bed, much to the delight of Meg and Sally.  
 As she regained control, and her breathing returned to normal, Meg reached
  out to the other peg, Melody's eyes grew wider as, instead of releasing it,
  Meg pulled at it twisting it around before letting it spin back to its original
  position. Shouting obscenities, Melody tried to claw her hands round to the
  front to reach the peg, but it was out of reach.  
 &quot;Do you want me to take the nasty little peg off for you?&quot; Meg
  asked.  
 &quot;Yes...I mean no...Please don't hurt me&quot; Melody cried  
 &quot;You forgot the mistress again&quot; said Meg again twisting the peg.  
 &quot;MISTRESS&quot; screamed Melody at the top her voice.  
 &quot;There that's better, could have saved all those tears now couldn't
  we&quot; said Meg reaching out and removing the peg. Again Melody squirmed,
  though she had known what to expect the movements of her body were involuntary  
 Sally undid the pin securing the nappy and tossed the damp towel to the
  corner of the room. Reaching to the bedside table she took a handful of baby
  wipes from a pot before hoisting Melody, face up, over her lap. Her legs pushed
  open, Melody was made to lay still while Sally wiped the scented paper over
  her fanny and into the cheeks of her bottom. Pulling her pussy open to wipe
  right up inside the lips.  
 &quot;There, all done. Now to teach you not to do it again.....Roll over
  and let me see your bottom, you naughty, naughty girl&quot; Sally was clearly
  loving every moment of humiliation she was heaping upon Melody.  
 Once in the spanking position Sally started to bring her hand down on to
  Melody's up turned bottom, turning the flesh pink and reducing the contrast
  of the lines caused by the cropping of the night before. Melody buried her
  head in the covers to soak up the tears.  
 As soon as the last spank had been applied Sally rolled Melody off her lap
  and on to the floor.  
 &quot;Now suck my fanny, slut&quot; she commanded and moved so that she
  was perched on the edge of the bed with the thick thatch of her pussy available
  to Melody's tongue.  
 Crawling forward, Melody's head was grabbed by the impatient Sally and pushed
  between her open legs &quot;Go on lap like a dog&quot; she snapped.  
 The hot scent of Sally's fanny was almost overpowering as Melody started
  to lick around the edges of the other girls sex. Cautiously she probed the
  opening with the tip of her tongue and felt Sally sigh and lay back on the
  covers of the bed.  
 Afraid that she would suffer if she didn't satisfy the girl, Melody sucked,
  licked and chewed for all her might, trying to emulate the actions that, in
  the past had brought her to the heights of ecstasy. Suddenly Sally grabbed
  her head, forcing Melody's tongue deeper into her fanny, and let out a high
  pitched wail of pleasure.  
 Her head released Melody also fell back, gasping for breath, relieved to
  be free, the taste of the other girls juices fresh in her mouth and pubic hairs
  stuck to her chin and lips.  
 Meg untied Melody and directed her to shower and wash in the adjoining bathroom
  before joining them downstairs.  
 With a towel wrapped around her, for modesty, Melody entered the lounge
  where she could hear the others talking.  
 &quot;Well what do you want&quot; Sally asked, looking up from a magazine
  article they had been discussing.  
 &quot;Please mistress what should I wear?&quot; Enquired Melody, there had
  been no clothes laid out for her this time.  
 &quot;Certainly not that towel&quot; snapped Meg &quot;give it here. Fancy
  taking it in to your own head to choose to wear anything. If I wanted you with
  clothes on I would have left them out for you. Now sit on that chair, and keep
  quiet.&quot;  
 An hour ticked by on the mantle clock while Melody sat and listened to the
  other women discussing a film they had watched the night before. Her interest
  was aroused when the conversation moved on to what they would be doing during
  the day. Clearly they were to go out shopping. A point confirmed when she was
  ordered up stairs ahead of the other two - to get dressed.  
 Ordered to watch as the other two women dressed themselves Melody wondered
  what she would be made to put on, they were going out to town so it would have
  to something reasonable...wouldn't it?  
 &quot;Come here!&quot; The words brought Melody out of her contemplations, &quot;Open
  your legs....wider&quot; it was Meg, she was holding what looked like two hard
  boiled eggs joined together with string, they weren't eggs though, because
  Melody could see that out of one there was a long length of thin wire that
  led to a small rectangular box. Pulling Melody's pussy open Meg pushed first
  one and then the other of the egg like balls deep inside her. Melody moved
  her hips around trying to get the balls placed inside herself as comfortably
  as possible. Meg laid the box on the carpet in front of her whilst she went
  over to the wardrobe returning with a bright red plastic mackintosh and a pair
  of similarly coloured platform boots. &quot;Here put these on&quot; she instructed.
  As soon as Melody was attired in the coat and boots Meg bent down and picked
  up the box, reaching into the pocket of the coat she pulled it through a hole
  which had clearly been made for the purpose.  
 &quot;Ready then&quot; Meg called to Sally &quot;let's get going or else
  the day will be gone&quot; Then each linked arms with Melody, one on each side
  and they strode out of the house and down to the bus stop.  
 When the bus arrived they pushed Melody on ahead of them &quot;Upstairs&quot; hissed
  Meg. The bus was quite full and Melody managed a wane smile as she started
  to mount the stairs. A smile that quickly vanished as she realised why upstairs
  was so important to the other girls. The coat barely covered her bottom and
  the action of going upstairs would mean that the people in the front half of
  the bus would get a clear view under the hem of her nude bottom and fanny.
  Hesitating she heard Meg hiss the command again, so hurrying and holding on
  to the back of the coat she launched herself up the metal steps. As she rounded
  the corner she plainly heard an old lady gasp &quot;Well I never&quot;.  
 Plopping herself down on the cold vinyl of the bus seat the realisation
  dawned upon her that it would be doubly bad going down.  
 It was Sally who sat down next to her &quot;Quite a stir your little exhibition
  caused, I bet several of them downstairs will buy tickets all the way back
  to the depot so as not to miss you coming down&quot;  
 Melody starred straight ahead trying not to think about how she had got
  herself in to this mess, she was concentrating so hard that she didn't feel
  Sally slip her hand into the coat pocket and remove the small box. It wasn't
  until the two balls erupted into life, deep inside her fanny, that she realised
  that anything was going on.  
 &quot;Ahh, what the.....&quot; she squealed, shooting straight up in her  
 seat. The surprised looks of the other passengers made her sit down immediately,
  and as she turned to see what had caused the change in the balls Sally whispered
  in to her ear &quot;We thought our little love eggs would keep you amused while
  we were out, now sit quietly and be a good girl&quot;  
 As she sat there she was sure that other people would be able to hear the
  muffled buzzing that was coming from under her coat. These thoughts passed
  as her brain began to be ruled by the sensation between her legs, the two balls,
  vibrating independently were having a tremendous effect on her love juices
  and she had to resist the urge to open her legs, slump back in the seat and
  abandon herself to the feelings of pure lust that were being engendered. Her
  head began to swim and she felt herself breathing heavily through her mouth,
  but just as she felt herself coming Sally flicked the switch and the balls
  were silent &quot;That's enough of that for now, anyway we're almost there.&quot;  
 As the bus pulled up the other girls rose first and preceded Melody down
  the stairs, &quot;thank god for that&quot; thought Melody, but she thought
  too soon as Meg stopped at the bottom to wait for other passengers to file
  by she found herself half way down the steps, fumbling with the hem of the
  coat in an attempt to preserve any remaining modesty.  
 Off the bus they walked, at a brisk pace, down the main street and in to
  a sports shop. &quot;My friend wants a good strong ping pong bat&quot; Sally
  informed the young sales assistant &quot;One that won't break if it is really
  put to the test&quot;  
 The young man handed over, what he assured Sally was the most robust, and
  popular of their range. Sally instantly proceeded to make some practice swings
  with the wooden paddle, the last of which connected squarely with Melody's
  plastic clad bottom causing a sound like a Chinese cracker. &quot;Whoops!&quot; Giggled
  Sally adding &quot;Yes that will be just fine&quot; before the look of surprise
  vanished from the assistants face.  
 The next part of their trip took longer as the two women frog marched Melody
  down back streets she had previously only driven down when lost. Turning a
  final corner their destination came into view......an adults only book shop.
  Feeling Melody's slowing of pace Meg strengthened her grip on her arm &quot;Come
  on you must have been in one of these places before?&quot;  
 &quot;No I haven't....only dirty old men go in......don't they&quot; She
  stuttered, then added quickly &quot;I mean mistress&quot;  
 Brushing past the soiled plastic curtain Melody found herself in a large
  room. The walls on three sides filled with rack upon rack of magazines, the
  covers depicting a multitude of women and men of varying sizes, some engaged
  in the act of sex or pushing forward their wares to achieve the best effect
  on camera. In front of the final wall there ran a long counter beneath which
  there was a glass cabinet containing a variety of 'aids to lovemaking', as
  the sign so delicately put it. Her eyes opened wide at the size of some of
  the dildo's and vibrators perched beneath the fluorescent lights of the display
  cabinet. If possible the girls eyes grew even bigger at what was contained
  on the shelves and racks behind the counter. Chains, manacles, leather straps,
  whips and things for which she couldn't imagine a purpose hung from hooks and
  filled the shelves to bursting. Slumped over the counter before this chamber
  of horrors was an over weight middle aged man dressed in a vest and soiled
  jeans, his stomach hanging over the Hells Angels buckle of his belt.  
 &quot;What can I get you today Meg&quot; he drawled straightening up to
  his full height of about five foot six.  
 &quot;Our friend hear wants to buy some of your special clothing, but she's
  not sure of her size.&quot; Meg responded  
 &quot;Take your pick darling&quot; the man grinned as he motioned towards
  the collection behind him &quot;try on anything you want....but the changing
  room's being redecorated, so you'll have to do it out here, all right?&quot;  
 &quot;Fine with us&quot; said Sally moving behind the counter to choose
  some of the gear. &quot;How about this?&quot; She held up a leather corset
  and passed it to the amazed Melody &quot;Well go on the put it on&quot;  
 &quot;Not in front of him!&quot; Melody cried.  
 &quot;Frank won't mind - will you Frank&quot; Meg laughed as the Man moved
  over to take a seat on a chair, show side of the counter.  
 &quot;No not at all&quot; drooled the hideous Frank.  
 Her coat removed by the ever helpful Sally and the controller placed conspicuously
  on the counter, Melody started to fasten the leather corset around her body.  
 &quot;No that's no good&quot; commanded Meg &quot;It will cover too much
  of her up. Put on a correction belt and collar&quot;  
 Sally had to help her with the wide belt as the buckle and retainer were
  positioned at the back. Once in place Melody could see that attached around
  the six inches of tightly fitted belt were steel loops, and at the front there
  was provision for a further buckle. The collar was a smaller version of the
  belt, and being three inches wide forced her head in to a very upright posture.  
 Sally spun Melody round so that she could see herself in a long mirror hanging
  on one of the grubby walls. The belt pulled her waist in tightly and she looked
  like a cheap trollop standing there in the bright red shoes with, to cap it
  all, a length of wire protruding from her fanny. Grabbing the control box Sally
  turned the balls back on. Melody's knees went weak as the inserts played havoc
  with the insides of her pussy. She lent back against the counter and moaned
  softly, aware of the look of lust on the seated Franks face.  
 &quot;She'll take it&quot; said Meg reaching over to turn the eggs off, &quot;and
  a full set of matching cuffs, links and chains too. While we're here we might
  as well get her a 'girls playmate' and two of your best saddle straps.&quot;  
 While Melody, beads of perspiration breaking out on her forehead, signed
  the Barclaycard slip proffered in response to Sally handing over her card,
  they had obviously been through her handbag, Meg was choosing a large vibrator
  complete with a ridged sleeve. &quot;Add this to her bill Frank&quot; she added.  
 The purchases safely in a large brown bag Melody thankfully put on the scanty
  coat and hurried out of the shop ahead of the other women.  
 Across the road from the book shop Melody was propelled through the doors
  of a seedy run down hair salon at such a rate that she almost fell into the
  arms of a matronly woman with bright red hair.  
 &quot;No rush dear, you're my only customer so far&quot; she laughed. &quot;Oh
  hello Meg how are you?&quot; She added seeing the other women follow Melody
  in.  
 &quot;I am just fine thanks Rose. I have brought you a new customer. Her
  name's Melody, and she wants you to find her some more places to keep her earrings.&quot;  
 Meg's introduction made Rose burst out laughing &quot;Oh you girls, it wasn't
  like this in my day you know. Well you had better come through to the back
  room.&quot;  
 The rear part of the establishment was no more inspiring than the front,
  the room was piled with boxes which the older woman had to toss aside to expose
  a large chair which looked as though it belonged in a dentists surgery.  
 &quot;Off with your things then girl&quot; Rose patted the seat of the chair &quot;and
  then sit yourself down&quot;  
 &quot;What are you going to do to me&quot; Melody gasped.  
 &quot;Just pierce you ears, or such like&quot; smiled the red head &quot;don't
  worry everything is clean, I'm registered with the Council.&quot;  
 Easing back into the chair, the cold plastic clammy against her naked body,
  Melody jumped as Rose shot a practice staple into a cork pad on the wall.  
 &quot;Well what have we got here&quot; said the woman pulling gently on
  the wires where they came out of Melody's pussy &quot;you are a one, fancy
  doing this out in the open. Have you no shame at all&quot; she giggled &quot;I
  think we should have them out, I wouldn't want to short circuit them now would
  I?&quot; she laughed again at her own joke. Gently at first, and then with
  more force she pulled the balls out of Melody's fanny and passed the sticky
  globes delicately to Sally &quot;Here dear look after these for a moment&quot;  
 As she was pushed back into the reclined chair and felt her legs being parted
  once again Melody felt her own will seeping away,  
 resistance was futile. They would have their way with her what ever, and
  besides she had to admit some of the pain and humiliation was more than tinged
  with pleasure.  
 She felt her fanny flaps being pulled apart and the cold dampness of some
  form of aerosol spray being applied. Within moments she couldn't feel her pussy
  at all. Rose was busying herself between the prone girls legs whilst the other
  women watched, fascinated. The hiss and click of the staple gun made all of
  them jump slightly the first time, but they were ready for the other three
  such hisses. Moving up to Melody's breasts, Rose again reached for the spray
  can. &quot;I don't think we'll need that do you dear&quot; Meg said looking
  into Melody's face.  
 &quot;No mistress we don't need it&quot; repeated Melody  
 &quot;Oh well, you know best&quot; said Rose grasping one of the nipples
  between her fingers and pulling it up and away from Melody's chest.  
 The cold nozzle of the gun made Melody shiver but the sharp stab of pain
  as the metal spike was forced through her flesh made her cry out.  
 &quot;Now, now then it won't hurt for long&quot; said the older woman, as
  she repeated the process on the other breast. Again the stab of pain was followed
  by a wail. Moving to the table Rose returned with two steel rings, each about
  three quarters of an inch in diameter which unclipped to pass through the neat
  hole in Melody's nipples.  
 Helping her up Rose positioned Melody before a mirror. The rings through
  her nipples hung symmetrically, and she had to admit looked quite attractive,
  moving her gaze down to her fanny she was amazed by the sight of four similar,
  but slightly smaller, rings, two through the folds of skin on each side of
  her fanny.  
 The girls relented and didn't force Melody through the same routine on the
  bus, allowing her to sit down stairs on the way home, only after she'd promised
  to present her bottom for a session with the table tennis bat as soon as they
  got home. By the time they reached Meg's front door the feeling had returned
  to Melody's fanny and the sharp pricks of pain where the cold steel passed
  through her flesh made her want to rub herself.  
 As soon as the door had closed behind them Sally threw the brown paper bag
  on to the settee and undid Melody's coat.  
 She took hold of the rings through her nipples and lifted the girls breasts
  with them &quot;Quite secure, aren't they&quot; she said proffering the rings
  to Meg. &quot;Of course they are, and they need to be as well&quot; chided
  Meg, a little annoyed that Sally had open Melody's coat before she had the
  opportunity, &quot;Now get your clothes off as well, you've had it all too
  easy this weekend so far&quot;  
 Melody was amazed by the change that came over the previously confident
  Sally at the alteration of tone in Meg's voice.  
 &quot;Yes mistress, I'm sorry. I forgot myself.&quot; And with that Sally
  striped there and then.  
 &quot;Good&quot; said Meg &quot;get the things out and let's get started.
  Melody promised us a go at her arse as soon as we got in. Do her properly Sally,
  or it will be your bottom that suffers - at the end of the crop. I'm going
  to get a drink&quot;  
 Sally unwrapped the book store purchases and laid them on the settee.  
 &quot;What are going to do?&quot; Asked Melody gaining confidence from the
  way Sally had been treated.  
 &quot;Never you mind, and remember no one said you could omit the mistress&quot; Sally
  snapped and caught the back of Melody's leg with a slap of her hand.  
 As the imprint of her hand appeared satisfyingly on the white flesh, Sally
  strapped the wide belt around Melody's waist, pulling hard on the straps so
  that her shape changed noticeably.  
 &quot;Ouch, that's too tight&quot; complained Melody.  
 &quot;Shut up, I'll show what tight is&quot; growled the reply, and Melody
  felt the belt tighten a little more. The collar was next followed by broad
  leather cuffs strapped to her wrists.  
 Pulling her hands to her waist Sally snapped clips on to the cuffs and secured
  them to the belt, so that Melody's hands were immobilised on her hips with
  her elbows sticking out like the handles of a vase. Sally clipped a dogs leash
  to one of the rings on the collar and smiled broadly as she led Melody up and
  down the room, &quot;Just like Crufts&quot; she chuckled. Bending down she
  applied cuffs to her ankles and just above her knees, taking time to toy with
  the rings hanging from Melody's pussy.  
 Standing again, this time just in front of Melody, Sally ran her hands over
  the other girls upper body. &quot;I enjoy having you here to play with, you
  are so soft and sexy&quot; she whispered.  
 Returning to her duties, Sally attached a thin strap of leather to the buckle
  at the front of the waist belt and, parting Melody's sex lips passed it up
  between her legs and into the crack of her bottom. &quot;Bend over&quot; she
  commanded, and as soon as Melody had complied she pulled it up roughly into
  another buckle at the back of the belt. Melody cried in surprise, she felt
  as if the leather was going to cut her in two. Looking down the strap was so
  tight that it had almost completely disappeared into her fanny.  
 At that moment Meg returned and moved round the trussed girl inspecting
  Sally's work. &quot;Good, I think we can begin with trying that bat out now&quot; she
  said and led Melody, by the lead, to the back of the settee. &quot;Right, bend
  over and show us your arse. Then you can tell us what we ought to do to you&quot;  
 Melody assumed the required position, having to spread her legs to retain
  balance, but before she could speak she felt a cold hard presence on the inside
  of her thighs. A presence which suddenly began to buzz and vibrate. Meg was
  using the vibrator she'd bought in the book shop. As she ran the tip of the
  plastic shaft up over her bottom Melody could again feel the stirrings of sexual
  heat rising in her fanny, feelings that suddenly intensified as the vibrating
  rod was applied to the leather strap between her legs.  
 She eased her legs open wider and closed her eyes to concentrate on the
  sensation between her legs. Oh how she longed to come!  
 &quot;What do you deserve my pretty?&quot; Meg prompted  
 &quot;Anything, anything&quot; Melody panted &quot;spank me, thrash me.
  Make me grovel, I'm yours I'll do anything Mistress. Please beat my bottom,
  play with my pussy. Anything&quot;  
 Satisfied that Melody was now a willing participant Meg applied greater
  pressure to the vibrator. It jingled against the steel rings as she sought
  out the girls vagina.  
 Suddenly Melody cried out, tossing her head and panting loudly....she'd
  come at last. The table tennis bat cracked down onto her bottom, causing a
  mixture of pain and intensified passion. As she contracted the muscles of her
  arse in response to the application of the paddle it caused the strap of leather
  to rub the front of her fanny.  
 Before long she was again approaching a climax and heard herself calling
  out &quot;Harder, hit me harder, make my bottom red, spank me again please
  just hit me harder.  
 Just as the thirtieth crack of the wooden bat landed, Melody again exploded
  into ecstasy, screaming out her joy, much to the satisfaction of both Meg and
  Sally.  
 Positioned face down in the middle of the room Melody moved her legs to
  the commands of Meg whilst she attached further straps and chains. Rolling
  her over Meg stood back to look at her handiwork. Melody was secured with her
  feet drawn up behind her causing her legs to gape open invitingly. Then to
  Melody's surprise Meg turned her attention to Sally who was quickly handcuffed
  and placed full length face down along the solid dining room table, before
  having her ankles tied to the legs at one end and the chain of the cuffs pulled
  by ropes tightly over the other end and lashed to a cross rail.  
 Happy that Sally was taken care of Meg returned to Melody and hoisted her
  onto the settee so that she could clearly see Sally's prone body. Unbuckling
  the strap from between her legs Meg ran the tip of the large vibrator over
  the outside of her fanny.  
 &quot;Oh yes, mistress, please put it inside, make me come again&quot; purred
  Melody moving her hips beckoningly. Using the steel rings Meg pulled back the
  lips of Melody's cunt and edged the  
 buzzing rod a little way inside. It was greeted with a sigh and sharp exclamation
  of breath as Melody realised the size of the tool. Gently Meg pushed the vibrator
  deeper inside Melody until she had consumed seven inches of its length, then
  taking the leather strap Meg slipped it through a loop in the end of the phallus
  and secured the buckle.  
 &quot;We don't want it to fall out while I'm away, now do we&quot; she said
  rising. An open mouthed slow shake of the head was the only response she received.  
 As the vibrator brought Melody to the top of a climax she turned her head
  to see what Meg was doing. Protruding from Sally's anus was a smaller version
  of the vibrator that was at present the centre of her world. As Meg commanded,
  Sally repeated that she had been a naughty girl and deserved a beating. Working
  the vibrator in and out of the other girls bottom Meg soon had Sally lifting
  her bottom from the table and calling out for more, but just as it seemed Meg
  was going to make her come she pulled the shaft from her body. Stepping back
  she picked up the riding crop that had last been used on Melody and brought
  it down with tremendous force across Sally's buttocks.  
 The room was momentarily silent, but for the buzzing between Melody's legs,
  the Sally said plainly &quot;Thankyou mistress....One&quot;. A second blow
  fell and again Sally said, a little shaky this time &quot;Thankyou mistress.....Two&quot;.  
 Melody lay transfixed as Meg continued to apply the crop to Sally's behind
  and legs, each time to be greeted with thanks and the number of the blow. The
  scene, helped by the vibrator, brought her to climax after climax.  
 Released from their states of bondage the two girls prepared dinner for
  Meg and sat with her while they all ate. After the meal Meg led them upstairs
  and into her bed where the three of them kissed and played with each other
  before falling asleep in each others arms.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  melody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





