BDSM Library - Hot Cross Buns




Hot Cross Buns
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melody has some work done by two builders who she has teased.HOT CROSS BUNS!  
 Having the extension built on the house should have been an easy affair,
  they had got several quotes and chosen two builders who had a good reputation
  in the area. In fact the work was going just fine and the men had the outer
  skin of brickwork up to the height of the window sill when Melody took a week
  off work to catch up with her dress making.  
 She always did her sewing in the dining room on the table and set everything
  out as soon as Steve left for work at 7.30. By nine o'clock she was absorbed
  in her work and had forgotten all about the builders, busy in the back garden.
  She held up the partly finished dress and decided that a fitting was needed
  before she put the sleeves in place. Placing the dress on the table she slipped
  her jeans down her long tapered legs and off over her feet, then tugging the
  tight tee shirt off over her head, she was left in a pair of black skimpy knickers
  and matching lacy bra. The dress was about right as she tried it on and needed
  only a few adjustments, so she carried on with the alterations dressed only
  in panties and bra, before trying it on again. Only when she was satisfied
  that the sleeves would be all right did she put her jeans and shirt back on.  
 Meanwhile John and Dave, busy in the garden, had turned towards the house
  just at the moment Melody slipped her jeans off over her curvaceous bottom.
  They stood in silent surprise and enjoyed the show going on in the lounge.
  After a while Dave turned to John &quot;She's after a good fucking. Look at
  the tart, she knows very well that we're here, she's just asking for it. We'll
  make her wait a while though before sorting her out.&quot;  
 An hour or so later Melody again stripped off to try on her handiwork, watched
  once again by the two randy builders. &quot;Now she's for it&quot; cracked
  Dave &quot;come on we'll go and give her a surprise.&quot;  
 The radio was on in the kitchen and the men had no trouble slipping in to
  the house without the girl hearing them.  
 &quot;Very nice&quot; said John as the men entered the lounge.  
 &quot;What!&quot; Exclaimed Melody placing her hands over her tits, completely
  forgetting about the thick thatch peeping out of her panties.  
 &quot;Get out&quot; she shrieked as Dave strode across the room towards
  her &quot;what do you want?&quot;  
 &quot;Come off it darling, you've been flashing your goodies all morning,
  so don't sound so surprised when we come to collect.&quot;  
 With that he made a grab for her knickers &quot;Come on John, lend a hand&quot;  
 Melody jumped back and lashed out with her hand catching Dave round the
  face with a satisfying slap.  
 &quot;You'll be sorry for that one girl&quot; said Dave and caught hold
  of her wrists firmly. As he did John advanced and scooped up her ankles so
  that the girl was suspended between the two strong men.  
 &quot;Let me go. What do you think you're doing&quot; she wailed.  
 &quot;I told you. You little prick teaser. Prancing around in your sexy
  underwear, pretending that you don't know we're watching you, you're going
  to deliver the goods you have been displaying&quot; Dave said through slightly
  gritted teeth.  
 &quot;I didn't know, honest, I just forgot that you were there. Please let
  me go.&quot; The girl was getting desperate, the two men seemed intent on getting
  their way. Although there was a tinge of thrill in being at the mercy of these
  rough common men.  
 Carrying the girl between them the men moved out in to the large kitchen
  and deposited her heavily on the pine table on her back.  
 &quot;First you'll pay for that slap&quot; said Dave as John grabbed hold
  her hands and pulled them over her head. Dave cast his gaze over the kitchen
  and reached out for a large wooden spatula which was on the work surface.  
 &quot;We'll have these off&quot; he said slipping his fingers into the front
  of Melody's pants and yanking them off her legs in one swift action.  
 &quot;No....please&quot; was all that Melody could manage before Dave clamped
  both of her ankles together in one of his enormous hands, causing her bones
  to crack together, and pulled her legs straight up in the air. From this position
  he had a fine view of her ample arse, including the furry slit of her fanny.
  Without any further delay he swung the spatula in a wide arc bringing it squarely
  back on to the flesh of the girl's exposed bum.  
 &quot;Owww, stop, that hurts&quot; Melody screamed at the top of her voice
  as the pain spread out through her lower regions. &quot;Not on your life&quot; laughed
  John &quot;Dave's the best batsman our cricket team's got and he needs the
  practice. Lay it on Dave&quot;  
 And he did too. Quickly turning her arse to the colour of ripe tomatoes
  as blow after blow landed on the wobbling flesh of the poor girls vulnerable
  cheeks. As he continued he pushed the girls legs back until John was able to
  take one of them in his spare hand, so that between them they could open her
  legs wide. This gave Dave access to the girls inner thighs.  
 If Melody thought that the pain on her bottom was bad, the first application
  of the wooden instrument of torture to the blemish free flesh of the inside
  of her legs made her want to turn inside out.  
 She screamed and screamed. The more she did the more the men enjoyed it.  
 After half an hour of continual abuse of her behind and thighs the men swung
  her round and over so that she was face down on the table with her feet on
  the floor.  
 Before she could catch her breath she felt the cheeks of her bottom being
  drawn apart and the unmistakable sensation of a mans cock pushing its way up
  into her fanny. Just as she was about to cry out the breath was knocked out
  of her by the force of John's first stroke, plunging deep inside her.  
 On and on he pumped until at last he groaned and she felt his come shooting
  out inside her. As soon as he pulled back and out of her Dave took his place
  in between her legs.  
 His action was slower, which was just as well as his shaft seemed to be
  stretching her cunt to its limits.  
 As he pumped in and out of her prone body Melody could feel the sensation
  of her own sexual excitement welling up inside her. Before long she moaned
  for him to push harder, which he was happy to do.  
 John by now had moved to the side of the table and guided his prick towards
  the gasping girls mouth. Seeing it she reached out and sucked it in between
  her lips, running her tongue over its tip, causing the builder to groan and
  push it deeper in to her willing mouth. The harder Dave fucked the harder Melody
  sucked.  
 Before too long both men pushed hard and exploded their semen into the girl,
  one in each end.  
 As they did Melody also came, adding her squeals to the moans of the men.
  It was all Melody could do to support herself lying over the table as the men
  pulled out of her and got dressed.  
 &quot;Well we're off now, but we'll be back in the morning.&quot; Said Dave
  as they left the house.  
 &quot;Wear something sexy tomorrow&quot; yelled John from the cab of the
  truck as they pulled away.  
 &quot;Tomorrow!&quot; Thought Melody &quot;what can they do tomorrow&quot;  
 --------------  
 The pain in her bottom and thighs had not completely gone by the next morning
  as Melody soaked in a bath of creamy white bubbles. &quot;Just as well the
  bubbles are so thick&quot; she thought as Steve gave her a goodbye kiss before
  leaving for work.  
 Drying herself off, her thoughts went back to the day before and her hand
  strayed to her pussy as she remembered the heat of the two men inside her tight
  fanny. Easying herself back on the bed her long fingers dipped into the damp
  folds of skins that hid her love bud. The more she thought about the men's
  firm flesh pumping away inside her, the more franticly her movements became
  until before long she was rotating her hips around her fingers, pushing the
  knuckle of her thumb against her clit. Panting and groaning, her fingers rubbed
  harder and harder, then she let out a deep moan and grabbed her fanny with
  both hands as the sensation of her come flooded through her.  
 After a few minutes she got up and turned her attentions to getting dressed.  
 &quot;So they think I deliberately tried to turn them on did they. I'll
  show them what sexy is&quot;  
 From her jewellery box she took out a set of silver rings, two  
 larger than the others. Taking one of these she pulled it so that it unclipped,
  forming a small spiral, then holding one of her nipples firmly between two
  fingers she pulled it away from her boob and slipped the end of the ring through
  a fine hole in the firm flesh of her teat, snapping the clasp end inside the
  other end to form an unbroken ring. Satisfied that it was secure she rotated
  the ring and flicked it so that it bobbed on the end of her now ripe tit. Melody
  applied the second ring to her other breast before picking up the smaller set
  of loops. These she secured, two on each side, to the lips of her fanny. First
  pulling on the fleshy lips to locate the small holes before easing the metal
  into place. The silver rings stood out against the bushy hair between her legs.
  Satisfied that the rings were comfortable, Melody pulled first one and then
  another black stocking up her legs, smoothing the shiny soft silk up her thighs
  where the stockings finished in a broad band of lacy elastic. &quot;No need
  for suspenders with these&quot; she thought as she made sure that the seams
  up the back of her legs were as straight as could be. Shear silk french knickers,
  as black as the lace on the stockings were next, not the tight kind from Marks
  and Spencers these. They had broad openings for the legs, so that as Melody
  stood before the mirror and lifted the material on either side, she could view
  the whole of her rounded bottom, complete with the tell tale remains of yesterdays
  spanking.  
 Turning back to her underwear drawer Melody pondered which bra would be
  most suitable, before settling on the heavily underwired peep hole support.
  Slipping it on, and adjusting the rings so that they protruded proudly through
  the front of the lacy garment Melody thought she knew how Dolly Parton felt
  as the firm bra lifted her breasts up and out.  
 &quot;I'm going to be in charge today&quot; she said out loud &quot;so no
  jeans. I'm not having them rip my clothes off again. They'll see what I want
  to show them and nothing else.&quot;  
 As she thumbed through the clothes in the wardrobe her hands took hold of
  a hanger with a skirt on that she hadn't worn in ages &quot;Ahh that's the
  thing, this is just long enough to get them guessing&quot; she thought as she
  pulled the pink ra-ra skirt up her legs. The skirt reached to a couple of inches
  below the lace of her stockings so that if she bent over enough the full view
  of lace thighs and french knickers burst in to view. A couple of practice swoops
  and bends in front of the mirror were all that were needed to get the measure
  of how far to go to reveal various stages of her wears.  
 The door bell rang and looking out of the window Melody saw the builders
  van parked in the drive. Quickly she shoved her feet in to ankle books with
  two and a half inch heels and pulled a black ribbed sweater over her head,
  tucking it in as she hurried down the stairs.  
 &quot;How's our little sex pot this morning?&quot; Dave laughed as Melody
  opened the door &quot;has your botty cooled down now?&quot;  
 &quot;You've got a nerve coming to the front door, go round the back and
  get on with your work.&quot; With which Melody shut the door before the builder
  could reply.  
 As she returned to the bedroom to put on her make-up she was gratified to
  hear John say &quot;Well I guess we won't see any pussy today, you must have
  spanked her too hard yesterday.&quot; After an hour or so Melody went out to
  the garden with coffee on a tray. &quot;Here you are, I expect you've been
  waiting for this?&quot; She said and bent over slightly to put the tray on
  a low wall, knowing full well that the two men would get a brief glimpse of
  stocking top as she did so.  
 &quot;Too bloody right&quot; said Dave as the lacy stocking top and creamy
  thigh popped in to view.  
 &quot;Later you can have some more&quot; Melody smiled as she brushed past
  John and back into the house.  
 By mid morning the two men had worked themselves in a high state of randiness
  as they discussed what else the woman might have in mind, so that it was all
  they could do to keep from grabbing her when she returned with a tray of cokes.  
 This time she placed the tray on the ground, requiring her to bend over
  more fully, she was careful to ensure that she did so while the two randy men
  were watching her arse. On the premise of arranging the glasses she remained
  bent over for several seconds whilst the builders feasted their eyes on her
  silk clad bottom and the expanse of white flesh. Displaying herself this way
  was getting her fanny hot again, and she felt that she would burst if one of
  the men didn't make a move before long.  
 Something else was at bursting point as well - the front of John's jeans
  as he stepped forward and ran his hand over the taught silk covered bottom.
  Melody sighed and tried to steady herself as her knees turned to jelly. She
  was sure that he would be able to feel the heat rising from her quim as his
  hands smoothed the shear silk of her knicker clad bottom. John seemed content
  to simply run his hands over the roundness of her nates, whist Melody was dying
  for him to reach out for her sex and thrust his cock up her fanny.  
 Suddenly John stopped stroking her bottom and stepped back, causing Melody,
  who had been pushing backwards slightly, to loose her balance and fall onto
  her knees.  
 &quot;Well Dave what do you think? Should we deal with this young lady or
  get on with our work?&quot; John and Dave stood back and surveyed the girl
  who was by now looking back imploringly at them over her shoulder.  
 Melody was horrified. She had meant to be in control, but now all she wanted
  was to be fucked and played with. &quot;Oh please play with me!&quot; She pleaded &quot;I'm
  so horny, I'll do anything.&quot;  
 &quot;Well I suppose we could take a break, but it will mean doing things
  our way madam! And we'll have to make up for any lost time.&quot; Replied Dave
  firmly. &quot;Understand?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, I get the picture, you want to spank my bottom some more, don't
  you?&quot; Melody pouted in feigned hurt.  
 &quot;We'll see&quot; was all that Dave said as he moved so that he could
  reach under her pink skirt. Unlike John, he reached up the inside of the ample
  leg of her knickers and fondled the damp flesh of her pussy. His eyes opened
  wide in surprise as he felt the metal rings in her sex lips and he pulled the
  leg of the pants aside to give himself a good view of this novelty  
 &quot;Well look at this, she's got rings through her cunt so that you can
  tie her fanny down&quot; Dave laughed fingering the metal inserts and allowing
  his fingers to stray inside the folds of her flesh. He was satisfied by the
  slight rolling of the girls hips he did so. Easing the french knickers over
  her arse and upper legs was no problem, as Melody wriggled to help and pushed
  her bottom up as high as she could. &quot;Yes this will need a good hiding
  before much longer.&quot; Dave commented as he squeezed the flesh of the girls
  willing backside.  
 &quot;Yes please, whip my naughty bottom. Make me scream, just like you
  did yesterday.&quot; Melody was reaching a state where she really didn't care
  what they did, just so long as they did something.  
 &quot;OK, get up then, and take off your pants&quot; John took his turn
  at being masterful.  
 Jumping up at an undignified speed Melody hurriedly removed her silk knickers
  and laid them over the handle of a wheel barrow nearby.  
 &quot;Open your legs and lift up the skirt&quot; came the next command.  
 Complying the girl lifted the hem of the scanty ra-ra skirt so that the
  men could get an unrestricted view of her pussy and silver rings. Luckily the
  walls of the extension were now sufficiently high to ensure that none of the
  neighbours could see what was going on, anyway they'd all be out this time
  of day - she hoped.  
 Both men now moved in close and ran their rough hands over her arse and
  thighs, whilst she stood quite still and held the skirt clear for them, mauling
  the flesh between their strong fingers, causing the girl to groan and occasionally
  cry out in pain. They pulled at the rings, using them to open her fanny, exposing
  the deep pink gash of her sex to the fresh air of the garden. John placed one
  of his enormous hands over her left breast and squeezed it gently. &quot;Hey,
  she's got rings up here as well&quot; he exclaimed and promptly hoisted the
  tight sweater up over her breasts to expose the peep hole bra and adorned nipples
  of her tits.  
 With no further hesitation John pulled the jumper up over the girls head
  and tossed it aside.  
 &quot;We need to get this earth moved to the end of the garden before the
  day is out, and I think this lady will be able to give us a hand, don't you?&quot; He
  said and took hold of Melody's arm and propelled her over to the barrow.  
 Taking hold of some lengths of rope he deftly tied her wrists to each handle
  of the barrow and started to fill it with soil.  
 &quot;What do you want me to do?&quot; Asked the girl, she had a fairly
  good idea but held out some hope that they weren't going to make her parade
  around the garden dressed as she was.  
 &quot;You're going to work for your shagging&quot; laughed Dave and placed
  his arms around her from behind taking hold of her tits whilst rubbing his
  firm cock up against her bottom. She pushed back towards him trying to entice
  him to shaft her there and then. As he stepped back and lifted her skirt she
  bent forward, expecting to feel his warm flesh pushing into her quim. The hard
  slap of his hand across her unsuspecting nates was a complete shock and she
  cried out at the top of her voice.  
 &quot;I said you were going to work first&quot; said Dave as he landed another
  spank onto her bottom. &quot;Now get a move on&quot;  
 For the next hour Melody wheeled the barrow up and down the garden, hoping
  all the while that the neighbours were all out at work. There was quite a breeze
  blowing and on more than one occasion her skirt was hoisted up over her waist
  exposing her all, with her hands tied to the barrow all she could do was carry
  on and wait for the material to fall back in to place.  
 As she returned to the extension after emptying the last barrow full of
  soil she noticed that the two men had been busy erecting a framework of wood,
  which she had previously thought was part of the extension. However now as
  she studied it she was sure that it had a more sinister purpose.  
 The frame was rectangular, with the top spar about eight feet from the ground.
  There were leg type supports and braces to make sure that it wouldn't fall
  over. Holes had been drilled in the hefty timbers and the men had placed lengths
  of rope through these leaving Melody in no doubt that all this had been prepared
  for her.  
 Roughly the builders undid the ropes attaching her to the barrow and stripped
  the skirt from her waist.  
 &quot;What are you going to do to me?&quot; All the hard work had somewhat
  dissipated her lust and the sight of the framework was causing her to more
  than a little afraid.  
 &quot;We're going to give you what you asked for. A good hiding and an equally
  good fucking&quot; Chimed John as he secured ropes to her wrists and hoisted
  them up to the top spar of the frame, causing the girl to go on to the balls
  of her feet.  
 &quot;Ahh! That hurts&quot; shrieked Melody &quot;you bastard, let me down!&quot;  
 Before she could carry on the tirade Dave shoved her discarded knickers
  into her mouth and slapped a wide piece of plastic adhesive tape over them
  to keep them in place.  
 As she struggled the two men each took hold of one of her ankles and tied
  them to the bottom corners of the frame. She was now spreadeagled to the timber
  supports with her body available to the builders. As she shrieked and shouted
  the only sounds that got past the gag were muffled muttering.  
 The men, satisfied with their efforts in securing the girl thus, sat back
  and watched as she pleaded with her eyes for them to release her and wriggled
  against the ropes.  
 Finally, after some minutes, John got up and moved behind her and pushed
  his hand up between her spread thighs, working his fingers into her fanny.
  Melody bucked and heaved her body about as two of his thick digits crept into
  her tight opening. Meanwhile Dave took some lengths of string, each about three
  feet long and tied a piece to the rings in each of her tits. The girls eyes
  opened wide in horror as he did so.  
 &quot;No leave my nipples alone&quot; she shouted through the silk panties
  that filled her mouth. Dave laughed at the unintelligible sounds the girl was
  making and bent down to tie similar strings to the rings in her cunt lips,
  these he pulled to the uprights and tied them off, causing her fanny to be
  pulled open wide. He adjusted them to achieve the best effect whilst John continued
  to probe the inside of her body with his long fingers. Returning to the strings
  attached to her nipples Dave took a couple of heavy coach bolts and wrapped
  the ends of the string to them before releasing them to hang just above the
  girls waist, pulling the nipples and breasts downwards with their weight.  
 &quot;They'll get in the way there&quot; said John and moved the bolts so
  that they hung over her shoulders, this time causing the breasts to be pulled
  upwards and out.  
 Never before had Melody felt so totally exposed, even more than when the
  girls had attacked her.  
 Again the men stood back to look at the girl, this time though as he did
  John removed his rousers and pants allowing his firm cock to jut out in front
  of him. Slowly he moved forwards and nosed the tip of his penis against the
  peeled fanny, edging it in bit by bit. All the lust of earlier burst back into
  the girls body and she tried to suck his cock into her tunnel. As his prick
  sank further into her the strings holding her open pulled her fanny flaps wider
  apart, she longed to be able to reach out and pull him into her but she was
  completely at his mercy, and at Dave's.  
 She had forgotten about the other man, so taken up with the cock that was
  now inside her body, until she felt his hands on her bottom. He had hold of
  her cheeks and was puling her backwards away from John's cock and then he pushed
  her back empaling her body on to the shaft of flesh, she was sure that the
  strings would tear her fanny lips. After a few minutes he stopped and left
  her to recover, John remained motionless to. Then the first cut of the rattan
  cane connected with her buns and she involuntarily rammed herself on to John's
  shaft. The burning sensation in her bottom was almost out weighed by the feeling
  that the prick inside her would surely come out of the small of her back  
 As the sixth cut of the cane fell on her exposed bottom Melody started to
  feel the unmistakable signs of her climax and, as the tenth stripe was added
  to her naked buns, her whole body exploded in passion.  
 John felt the muscles of the girls pussy contract around his cock. &quot;She's
  come, the little vixen's come. She really loves having her arse abused doesn't
  she?&quot;  
 The fact that the girl had climaxed only made Dave lay on the cane all the
  harder and the continued motion of the girl thrusting on to his rod each time
  the stick struck home soon had John flooding her quim with his come. Dave paused
  in his application of the ratan as John pulled his wet cock out of the girls
  body.  
 The men went into the house for a drink and returned to sit on a bench in
  front of the suspended girl. A small pool of come collected on the floor under
  her fanny as it dripped out of her love gash, uninhibited by the lips of her
  fanny. &quot;What next then Dave?&quot; Asked John  
 &quot;Well I reckon that her arse needs a shagging, it's far too tight for
  my liking at the moment&quot; Dave answered rising from the bench and reaching
  to untie Melody's hands and release the strings attached to her fanny rings.  
 &quot;Bring that bench over will you?&quot;  
 The bench was about three foot high and made of rough wood. They placed
  it just in front of the framework and positioned the girl over it so that her
  stomach was resting on its top. Her wrists were tied to the bottom of its legs,
  leaving her bottom and fanny spread open and with her upper body accessible
  to the rough hands of the men. As the ropes were tightened on her wrists the
  bolts fell over her shoulders and clattered on to the floor, seeing this Dave
  shortened the strings so that they hung a few inches off the ground causing
  the tits to be pulled in to a conical shape.  
 The rear view presented to the men as they looked on was heaven to their
  eyes. With her legs spread wide Melody was unable to pull the cheeks of her
  bottom or the opening of her fanny together, in addition the welts left by
  the cane were red and raised in a pleasing criss cross pattern.  
 Dave took his cock in his hand and pushed it roughly against the opening
  of her anus, Melody shook her head and tried to move her bottom away as the
  tip of the penis seemed to be pulling the cheeks of her arse inside her bottom.  
 &quot;It's no good I'd need lubricant to get in there&quot; Dave said moving
  back, more than a little annoyed.  
 &quot;Hang on I think I've just the thing in the van&quot; John hooted pulling
  on his jeans as he raced off.  
 &quot;Great idea&quot; laughed Dave as he saw what John had meant. Proudly
  displayed in John's great hands was an equally large mechanics grease gun.  
 &quot;I only refilled it yesterday as well&quot; John moved behind the helpless
  figure and pumped a great blob of the thick brown grease on to the wall adjacent.
  Happy that the gun was operational he placed the end of the nozzle into Melody's
  fanny and gave three rapid squeezes of the trigger. The girl gasped and shuddered
  as the grease shot inside her. &quot;That'll give her something to think about&quot; John
  added as he rubbed the nozzle around in her quim to get plenty of the slime
  on the outer edges.  
 &quot;This thing holds four pints of the heavy duty stuff&quot; he added
  as he inserted the slippery metal tube into the poor girls arse. This time
  he pumped more slowly and rhythmically. &quot;That must be a pint or so, she's
  all yours Dave&quot; he removed the nozzle and was happy that as he did a quantity
  of the grease followed it.  
 Again Dave positioned himself, this time he had no trouble pushing his cock
  into her arse. As soon as he was happy that he was in well and truly, he started
  to pump in and out of her.  
 John moved round to in front of the girl and removed the tape and knickers
  from her mouth, but before she could cry out he shoved his cock in their place
  and began to shag her at this end as well.  
 Gagging on the firm rod of flesh at first Melody quickly began to take a
  keener interest in it as Dave's work on her arse continued, before long the
  squelching sounds of the cock plunging in and out of her bottom were matched
  by the slurps of her lips on John's dick as she sucked it deep into her throat.  
 Dave cried out as he came, and sprawled over the woman's body before righting
  himself and stepping back to allow John, who had withdrawn his cock from Melody's
  experienced mouth, to plunge his dick into her open fanny.  
 &quot;Yes, yes - do it, fuck me hard!&quot; The girl cried out, oblivious
  to being in the garden, as John rammed in and out of her so hard that the bench
  over which she was positioned rocked back and forth. The motion caused the
  heavy bolts, attached to her nipples, to swing wildly which only added to the
  total sensation of lust she was experiencing.  
 Before long John's thrusts became faster and less controlled and at the
  same time Melody began to pant and groan as the heights of passion approached.
  Seeing this Dave placed his hand over her mouth, and only just in time as well,
  as the volume she put out as she came would have woken the dead in the church
  yard half a mile away.  
 The builders took a break to recover their breath, and energy, leaving the
  girl tied as she was for half an hour. When they returned it was to untie her
  and lead her back into the house and up to the bathroom where they had run
  a bath of hot soapy water. Removing the last remnants of her clothing they
  placed her in the hot water and soaped her all over, including inside her fanny
  and in to the crevices of her bottom. Shattered, Melody lay back and allowed
  them to remove all traces of the garden from her body.  
 As they finished drying her off Dave whispered in her ear &quot;Now your
  bottom's going to get warmed up again darling.&quot;  
 She was about to speak out but at that moment John, who was drying between
  her partially open legs slipped the corner of the towel and one of his fingers
  into her damp fanny, her knees sagged and with them her will to object.  
 They led her, still with John's hand grasping her sex, into the bedroom
  and made her kneel, with her legs open wide on the large bed. Dave tied lengths
  of rope to her wrists and to just above her knees whilst John went back downstairs.  
 The ropes attached to her legs were quickly tied to the wooden framework
  of the bed and making it impossible for her to draw her thighs together. Easying
  her upper body forward Dave reached between her widely spread legs and taking
  the ends of the ropes attached to her wrists pulled them back and tied them
  tightly to her ankles so that she was positioned with her bottom thrust into
  the air.  
 John returned carrying the cane and a roughly fashioned paddle of wood about
  three inches long and two feet in length. Clearly they had busy last night.  
 The positioning of the girl meant that the cheeks of her bottom were pulled
  apart to reveal the red ring of her anus, which so recently had been the focus
  for Dave's cock, as well as the inviting view of her fanny. This Dave could
  not resist and toyed with the fleshy flaps, occasionally probing into her sex
  with his fingers.  
 Melody swayed her bottom slightly trying to entice his hands to play more
  forcefully with her quim.  
 &quot;You can fuck me if you want to&quot; she cooed.  
 &quot;I don't think you're in any position to stop us.&quot; John snapped,
  annoyed that the girl was so willing. He preferred a bit more of a fight.  
 &quot;Step back pal, I'll show her what's what here.&quot;  
 Before picking up the paddle he flicked the switch on the radio beside the
  bed and turned to volume up. &quot;We don't want the neighbours to worry do
  we?&quot; He added.  
 Melody was still caught up in the aftermath of Dave's hand on her sex and
  screamed fit to burst as John placed the first swat of the paddle, not across
  her arse but up the length of her fanny. &quot;Ahh no, please don't hit me
  there&quot; she screamed as he placed the second and third stroke in exactly
  the same spot.  
 Satisfied that he now had control, he landed the next blows across her bottom,
  the immediate effect of which was to enliven the earlier marks of the cane.  
 After thirty applications of the wooden paddle John tossed it aside and
  leapt onto the bed shoving his stiff penis into the girls red pussy. In a matter
  of seconds he came and fell backwards.  
 Dave took up the cause, again using his favourite tool, the ratan cane.
  He swished it through the air measuring his aim, conscious of the sobs of the
  trussed girl.  
 The first stroke did not fall on her bottom, where Melody had expected,
  instead it hit home on her legs just above the knees. He measured the next
  ten strokes so that as he and John looked on a series of tram lines, each a
  little apart, formed up the back of her legs.  
 &quot;No short skirts for you for a few days&quot; Dave laughed and landed
  six rapid slashes of the rod across the girls upturned bottom, just for good
  measure. Then he to shagged her from behind, before they left to continue with
  their work.  
 It was almost five thirty when they returned. &quot;We'll knock fifty quid
  off the bill, in lieu of your services&quot; John mocked as he slipped his
  cock back into her fanny and proceeded to slowly fuck in and out. As he did
  Dave untied the ropes and Melody sagged forwards under John's onslaught. On
  and on he pumped until Melody was rising to meet his thrusts. Reaching forwards
  he took her tits in his rough hands, squeezing them in time with his strokes.  
 &quot;Like that, do you?&quot; Dave asked as Melody looked up through bleary
  lust filled eyes.  
 &quot;Yes, oh I do, I do.&quot; She gasped  
 &quot;Good 'cause this job's going to take a few months to finish&quot; he
  added with glee.  
 As John emptied his load into her fanny Melody also came, collapsing on
  to the covers of the bed, totally exhausted.  
 The men laughed together as they went downstairs and she could hear them
  comparing the tightness of her fanny as they slammed the front door behind
  them.  
 This was going to be a long week, and how was she going to hide her poor
  bottom from Steve when he got home?  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  melody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





