BDSM Library - Retribution




Retribution
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bill returns to london and finds an unexpected visitor in his flat. Sarah's fate is not what she expected and Lady Heather, Angela and Ally are kidnapped.RETRIBUTION!   
(PART ONE)   
BY   
WALLACE   
Retribution: n recompense, usually for evil. Revenge   
   
   
Jet lag!  
I felt like I was seventy years old with severe arthritis and a hangover
  that was the result of a three-day drinking binge so the last thing I needed
  was any rough stuff. I'd dumped my bags on the sofa as you do and was just
  heading for the kitchen to make coffee before falling into bed when I heard
  a key scrape in the lock.  
It wasn't Mrs Johnson from downstairs because I'd phoned her the night or
  morning before. The only other person who had a key was Sheila and she was
  currently in New York probably tied up and having the crap beaten out of her
  by a very nice group of people who I'd left something like twelve hours ago.  
I could see the outline of a familiar figure through the frosted glass of
  the door and immediately felt more than a tinge of annoyance. I quickly slipped
  into the bedroom grabbed what I needed and pressed myself back against the
  wall.  
I heard the front door close and light but deliberate footsteps, as if someone
  were looking around. I heard the clip clop of heels on the bare kitchen floor
  and then the slight squeak as the fridge door opened. What, I wondered, was
  anyone likely to find in there?  
A couple more clip clops and then the hall carpet muffled the steps to some
  degree but they were getting closer. I waited, the anticipation fluttering
  in my stomach, hardly daring to breath in case I was heard. Someone entered
  the bedroom and walked past the door behind which I was hiding. I darted forward,
  grabbed their hands, and pulled them roughly behind them. As quickly as I could
  I slipped the standard, Metropolitan Police issue handcuffs onto a pair of
  slim wrists and heard the satisfying sound of the ratchets clicking smoothly
  into place. I pulled the intruder hard against me clamped a hand over their
  mouth and said,  
"I am the householder and I am performing a citizen's arrest because you
  have entered my home with intent to steal&hellip; Oh! Good Morning Inspector
  Bannion, how nice of you to pop in!" she wriggled out of my grasp and despite
  the fact that her hands were pinioned behind her did a very good job of what
  Linda would call "going into one!"  
"Don't give me that Simon Templar shit and that other stuff's all bollocks
  so don't try to exercise your common law rights with me! Under the PACE act
  of 1984 YOU can only arrest someone for a an offence that carries a minimum
  five year penalty and this at the very worst is common trespass which is a
  civil offence and not a criminal one and therefore doesn't count AND as you
  are not a serving Police Officer you have just breached the Health and Safety
  at Work Act of 1974 by restraining me against my will! So get these cuffs off
  my wrists before I nick you for assaulting a Police Officer and for false imprisonment,
  which I, as a proper copper, can do!"  
I looked at her, all righteous indignation, in a short black skirt and thick
  black tights; red silk blouse, black leather jacket and gloves and I couldn't
  help feeling a faint flicker somewhere, despite the way I felt. It's not innocent,
  submissive, damsels in distress with me, it's mature, feisty women who don't
  know when to give up and this one certainly didn't but I wasn't over impressed
  all the same.  
" It's seven o'clock! What's wrong with the bell? " I realised now that she
  had used Linda's old key. The one they had found on her when she'd been beaten
  and left for dead in a Soho alleyway. I moved closer and lowered my voice,
  there was a definite tinge of sadness in it, "You could also say "Hello" as
  well Emma." I tried to brush my hand lightly against her cheek because Emma
  Bannion, Detective Inspector Emma Bannion and I had history, recent history,
  but she moved her head away quickly. She raised her manacled wrists.  
"Get your pervertalia off me, right this minute!" I saw a pout coming on.
  She lowered her eyes and her voice," And if you remember you always used to
  be up by six!"  
"So what? You wanted to surprise me? What are you, the highest paid strippergram
  on the force? " I drew a sharp breath. I knew my mouth had run away with me
  even before I had said it. She looked at me hard for a moment her lower jaw
  jutting and I think that if she had been able to then she would have slapped
  me but instead she turned her back on me and stuck out her cuffed hands.  
"Just get these off! And DO NOT give me any bollocks about losing the key
  because I know that that's the one area of your life where you are bloody organised,
  so get on with it!" She turned back to me, looking, well, looking quite gorgeous.
  Her short blond hair just slightly askew, the little puffy bags under her eyes
  a little more prominent than usual, her blue eyes glittering with rage and
  frustration. I moved forward and she gave me a warning look.  
In her anger she had stumped further into the room and put herself just inches
  away from the big modern four-poster bed that was the centrepiece of the bedroom
  where Sheila and I used to sleep. I moved closer until I could smell the leather
  of her jacket and the nuance of her perfume and then I leaned forward and brushed
  my lips against hers. For a moment she tried to move away, for a moment she
  was going to baulk and then I kissed her properly and to my surprise she responded,
  her lips soft and puffy, closed at first but soon open. I put an arm around
  her to steady her, felt her relax against me, saw her eyes start to close and
  then the doorbell rang.  
She broke away and stood inches from the bed, in high dudgeon.  
"Get them off now!" she hissed.  
"The keys are in the other room," I hissed back, "I take it this is something
  to do with you?" she looked a little sheepish.  
"Yes! It's Barbara, I told her to come looking for me if I didn't phone." I
  was tired and irritated.  
"Right come with me!" I bent down slightly to look into her eyes, " And look
  relaxed for God's sake!" she threw me a look and I guided her out of the bedroom
  and to the door.  
Even under normal circumstances meeting Sergeant Jones was a trifle daunting
  and as I opened the door to her now I could feel the heat of her stare on me,
  we weren't exactly good friends at the best of times. She looked straight at
  Emma Bannion.  
"Everything all right Guv?" If she was surprised to see me there she didn't
  show it, "Only you&hellip;" I stayed close to Emma and we both did our level
  best not to make it obvious that her hands were cuffed behind her. She nodded,  
"Yes, fine Babs. Any more from Leeds?" Sergeant Jones nodded her curly blonde
  head.  
"Yep. Just had a call from Traffic. They've found the vehicle, it was in
  an all night car park near the Shopping Centre and it looks as if it's been
  in an accident. Socco are there now." Emma nodded again  
"Get back to Leeds, tell them that I want to be the first to know what they
  find and circulate her description, ports as well, in case she's trying to
  do a runner. Oh and get the CCTV tapes pulled from the car park, they might
  show us something." Part of me wanted to laugh, watching Emma with her hands
  tied behind her back conducting business as usual but another part of me wanted
  desperately to know what the hell was going on? Babs and I didn't see eye to
  eye very often but I'd seen her in action before and she was a good copper.
  She looked first at Emma and then me with a suspicious stare.  
"Anticipated that Guv, did it already," for a moment I thought she was going
  to throw a salute, Emma nodded her approval and Barbara looked thoughtful, " any
  point us talking to Sue Chandler yet?" she was still watching me and saw me
  wince, I could see Emma watching me out the corner of her eye as well. She
  blew out her cheeks.  
"Well you've got the rapport with her Babs. She seems to spill her guts out
  to you but we don't know if she's involved yet. Tell you what, talk to the
  nick and get a list of her most recent visitors, say for the last two months
  and have a word with that contact of yours, you know, the big lesbian screw," Now
  it was Barbara's turn to wince, "see if she's seen or heard anything unusual,
  anything that might suggest that Susie's up to something." Barbara nodded.  
"What about you?" Emma gave me an odd kind of look, one that was meant only
  for me  
 "I might be here for a while," Was it my imagination or was she trying to
  communicate something to Barbara as well? " I'll call you later." And with
  that Barbara turned, inclined her head toward Emma and said "Guv" and headed
  for the lifts all however many stone of her.  
And she was a big girl was Barbara, with thighs that could crack heads, not
  just walnuts and biceps that made mine look puny but she also had the face
  of an angel. Round, unlined, cheeky maybe, her skin soft and perfect with no
  sag in sight despite her size and a mop of curly blonde hair.  
 I watched her stump over to the lifts, watched her big legs in those black
  pantyhose that she always wore. Everybody else wore tights but for some reason
  I always associated Barbara with pantyhose and always wondered how she might
  look in just them and her big black bra&hellip;  
 Yes, you're right; it IS very difficult being me sometimes.  
*  
She didn't know how long she had been there or how long it took her to stop
  crying. The sound of earth falling and the noise of the mechanical digger shovelling
  it all on top of her had stopped a long time ago and she had cried herself
  out a long time after that.  
The paralysing fear had gone to be replaced by feelings of depression and
  despair and nothingness. Of futility. Of waste. For the first time in her life
  she truly wanted to die and she wanted to die soon because she knew that an
  agonising death awaited her otherwise.  
She had no chances, there was no point in expecting last minute rescues,
  she was finished, it was a horrible way to die and a sadistic one.  
By rights she should have started to suffocate by now and she hadn't, suggesting
  that air was being pumped in to her dark and cramped coffin and the only reason
  that could possibly be was because they wanted her to suffer. They wanted her
  not to die from lack of air but from starvation and that could take weeks.  
 She wondered what would come first, death or madness.  
When would she start to piss herself?  
When would the smell of defecation make her so nauseous that she might even
  choke on her own vomit?  
The fact that she had air had given her some kind of hope, for a while, but
  in the silence, the utter silence and the blackness of her tomb, she had forced
  that hope from her mind.  
She drew in a deep breath and shuddered. They had been quiet for a long time
  and she had assumed that their batteries or whatever had run down but suddenly
  the vibrator in her vagina whirred strongly into life and the one in her back
  passage followed shortly afterwards.  
This was the last thing she needed right now. She was not in the right frame
  of mind to deal with this but both dildos whirred on and they were soon making
  her feel sensations that she didn't think possible in these circumstances.
  Her pulse was racing and her legs felt like jelly even in their tightly bandaged
  wrappings.  
 She would have jumped if she had been able too because the little pump on
  her clit began to suck very subtly up and down at her delicate little bud and
  then she felt something happening around her aching tits. Aching from the rings
  that had been pushed down past her nipples. They too were being sucked, nipples
  and tits both being pumped up, and let down and pumped up again  
She wasn't prepared for what happened next, she wasn't prepared for the shocks
  that began to course though the cheeks of her bottom causing the muscles to
  spasm. A series of them, one after the other, each one more powerful than the
  one before. She wanted to cry out but she couldn't because of the wadded cloth
  and the rubber pump gag in her mouth.  
This must be the legacy of her silver captors. They must have stuck TENS
  pads to her when she was blissed out at some point. She then realised with
  horror that her gag was inflating again and she broke out into a sweat as she
  felt the sides of her prison pushing against her, squeezing her ever tighter.
  She had realised soon after her interment that they too were inflatable. The
  pulsing in her rectum grew more and more powerful and although she didn't want
  to she knew that she was very close to a climax.  
She had always revelled in the fantasy of mummification and had actually
  had it done to her once in controlled and very different circumstances, but
  now she was heavily mummified, wrapped in layers of bandage and cotton wool,
  blind, deaf, dumb incapable of movement and she had been buried alive.  
She took a deep breath.  
A deep breath that didn't just smell of rubber this time. The anaesthetic
  mask was still over her nose and once more she was breathing in the dark heavy,
  somehow comforting, almost exciting aroma of the powerful gas. She welcomed
  it, wondering vaguely in the back of her mind if whoever had kidnapped her
  (and she had put a lot of thought into just who that might be), would just
  simply kill her with an overdose of anaesthetic.  
 She breathed it in deeply again just as the vaginal vibrator turned itself
  up to full speed and it felt as if her clitoris would be pumped to the very
  end of the tube. Her tits had actually reached that point and she shivered
  as she thought she somehow heard laughter in her right ear, the laughter of
  someone she knew. She didn't have time to think about that because her heart
  was pumping and her whole body seemed to be spasming with anachronistic pleasure
  and just when she thought she was about to climax, just when she thought she
  was going to finally come an extra strong wave of gas hit her and rendered
  her almost instantly unconscious.  
*  
No sooner had I closed the door on Sergeant Jones than Emma said,  
"Now get me out of these handcuffs!"  
"Are you going to tell me what's going on?"  
"Take these off and we'll talk". We were so close to each other that our
  noses were touching.  
"I want to know now!" Detective Inspector Emma Bannion looked at me for a
  second and then spoke with all the authority of her rank,  
"You take these off me right away or we'll do our talking at the station.
  Do I make myself clear."  
I'm not usually the caveman type but, like I said before, Emma and I have
  history. Using both hands to heft her up and pull her over my shoulder in a
  fireman's carry, her hands were still cuffed so I didn't have any flailing
  arms to worry about, I grabbed hold of her ankles with one hand, pulled her
  shoes off with the other, dropped them on the floor and carried her into the
  bedroom.  
There was a look of anger mixed with fear in her eyes when I laid her face
  up on the bed but rape wasn't my thing. The bedside cabinet was close enough
  for me to lean over and grab what I wanted whilst Emma started to talk calmly
  and rationally.  
"Bill, this is false imprisonment at best, kidnapping at worst, if you stop
  now and let me go we can forget all about it&hellip;" but I'd heard her negotiating
  voice before. I pinched her nose and as if by magic her mouth opened. It was
  a big ball gag, a number six, the biggest you can get and the only one that
  wasn't too small for Sheila's mouth. The only one that actually kept her quiet.
  I pushed it between her teeth, felt it slip satisfyingly into place and buckled
  it behind her head. I knew Emma well enough to know that she would not try
  to talk through the gag like Sheila would. In fact she seemed calm just lying
  there looking up at me. True the look on her face said she wanted to kill me
  but then she wouldn't be the first or the last to want to do that  
She lay still.  
 Another tactic. Don't intentionally annoy your captor by struggling. I got
  up, slipped my hand inside the bedside cabinet again and found what I was looking
  for.  
She studied me as I walked past and sat at her feet and she passively watched
  me attach the second pair of handcuffs to her ankles. I looked at her in return.
  Her face was composed but I had no doubt that she was simmering away inside.
  I wanted to kiss her right there and then but this wasn't about that, this
  was about finding out what the hell was going on.  
My mind wandered back to the time when Sheila had first been kidnapped and
  when I had first meet Emma Bannion. When she had not exactly tricked me into
  staying at her house but suggested it was the one place where I would be safe
  at that time.  
It was Emma who had come downstairs barefoot and in just a short silk robe
  after I had walked her dog, Rocky and it was Emma who had wanted me to tie
  her up and show her how it felt.  
That night, that first night "How do you want me?" sounded an innocent enough
  question until I saw her lying on the white rug in the darkened living room,
  the red light from the fire making her body glow and glisten. My first instinct
  was to get the hell out of there and my second was to kiss her. Maybe I should
  have done the first but I certainly did the second after I'd put her in quite
  a strict hogtie, shown her her first gag and then stroked her warm, soft body
  from her mother of pearl polished toenails to her soft, short, blond hair and
  taken in every gentle curve and crevice on the way.  
I found myself sitting next to Emma with my hand on her stockinged feet.
  I decided that the bedroom was an inappropriate place to do this so I helped
  her up, put her back over my shoulder, carried her into the living room and
  eased her into one of our leather armchairs.  
Her eyes were smouldering.  
I squatted down in front of her and put my fingers just on the soles of her
  sensitive feet. She immediately realised what I was up to and glared at me.  
"I know you hate this Emma!" I'd done it when she'd been tied up before and
  received the equivalent of a formal caution when I had eventually untied her.
  She was looking at me apprehensively. I ran a finger from the heel to the ball
  of her right foot. She tried not to but she jerked instinctively, her face
  a cauldron of anger and fear. I took my hand away,  
"I'm going to make us a coffee. When I come back it would be nice if you
  told me what exactly is going on. Not like before!" Definitely not like before.
  Then she had been, let's say economical with the truth, only telling me what
  was really going on when I'd stumbled so far into a heap of shit that I nearly
  buried myself. She knew that even I would not have got involved if I'd known
  whom I was really dealing with. At least I don't think I would. I stroked the
  very tips of her toes. " This time Emma I'd like to know what's happening and
  who's involved. The truth please, the whole truth...." She still stared at
  me. More from the training manual of course, I walked away and suddenly thought
  better of it, I could see that she was watching me very carefully. I thought
  for a moment and then remembered that I'd done some shopping with Amy on my
  last day in New York But not your average kind of shopping.  
I kept my back to Emma while I opened my bag and rummaged around. Surprisingly
  for me I found what I needed fairly quickly, drew it out and turned back to
  Emma keeping it behind my back. I walked behind her and she tried to follow
  me with her eyes.  
"Sorry Emma, I like you a lot, I might even&hellip;anyway that's neither
  here nor there, but I'm sorry my darling, I don't trust you!" and I slipped
  the thickly padded white patent leather blindfold over her eyes and buckled
  it in place. I then helped her up out of the chair, spun her round a couple
  of times, like kids used to do when they played Blind Mans Buff, and walked
  her, as slowly and as carefully as I could with her ankles cuffed, to a spot
  at the end of the room where I helped her to lay face down on the carpet. Not
  wanting her to be too uncomfortable I then got a cushion and eased it under
  her head. I touched her on the shoulder and kissed her lightly on the cheek,
  doing my best to keep my emotions in check because she looked so vulnerable
  lying there gagged and blindfolded, her hands behind her back and her little
  shoeless feet moving randomly from time to time.  
"&hellip;and nothing BUT the truth please Emma." And I went outside to make
  the coffee.  
*  
She woke up in light and felt an enormous sense of relief flood through her
  entire being.  
She could feel air on her body!  
She could move!  
 She wasn't encased anymore!  
She opened her eyes almost surprised that she could and stared into brilliant
  white light. Then she shut them again, her mind reeling.  
Was she dead?  
Was this that white tunnel that people who had had Near Death Experiences
  spoke about?  
She opened her eyes again and blinked several times to get herself accustomed
  to light once more and then she realised that so relieved had she been to find
  herself no longer mummified and no longer buried alive that she hadn't noticed
  the warnings that her body was giving her, that things might not be quite as
  they were before the world had suddenly gone mad.  
She opened her eyes fully.  
She was in a white room.  
A completely white room.  
Floors, walls, ceiling, all white apart from the huge window directly in
  front of her. At least it was a pane of glass but it didn't seem to look out
  on to anything.  
Pure white!  
Everything else was pure white.  
Hard to know where floor ended, walls started and finished and ceiling commenced.  
It reminded her of "2001: A Space Odyssey." so clean and white was everything
  and there was also that same kind of eerie silence.  
She thought she could make out the faint hum of electricity, but she had
  been in sensory deprivation for a long time and she had also been under the
  influence of what was probably some kind of hallucinogenic drug so she decided
  that her senses might not be too reliable as yet.  
She was alive, she wasn't buried she wasn't going to die. At least she hoped
  she wasn't  
One thing was certain, her arms and legs felt strange. She looked around
  her. Looked at her arms and at her legs and then tried to move them.  
She was sitting on some kind of seat. It felt warm and comfortable which
  suggested it was padded plastic and she was naked. Completely naked once more.
  She looked down for confirmation and saw that her pubic hair really had been
  completely shaven and that it had not been a dream. Her bare ankles where attached
  to the legs of the chair she was sitting on with what looked like thickly padded
  white plastic straps or bands. Her arms were also tied but not to her sides
  as she might have expected.  
The chair had a headrest and her head lay comfortably against that but it
  was once more restrained by a forehead strap that held it straight and rigid.
  She could look down without any major discomfort but up was a problem right
  now.  
 But her arms. &hellip;  
 It seemed as if below the headrest was a cross piece sticking out at right
  angles to the chair and that her arms were attached to this with the same thickly
  padded plastic straps.  
She was effectively crucified sitting down.  
She looked down at her tits and saw that they had come through their ordeal
  relatively unscathed. There were faint marks where she guessed the rings had
  been and the odd small bruise but otherwise, apart from feeling a little tender
  they seemed relatively okay.  
Her pussy felt sore and so did her arse, which also felt as if it were still
  full of lubricant, Her pussy felt pretty liquid too but, and here she gave
  herself a severe ticking off, that may have something to do with her current
  predicament  
For a moment she wondered how long she had been asleep and whether she had
  in fact been in a kind of suspended animation and woken up in some future time
  but she dismissed this as being a flight of fancy not helped by the drug or
  drugs she had been given.  
She realised that she was still quite woozy and for a few moments she thought
  that was responsible for what she heard next.  
"Hello My Baby! And how are you now My Precious?" she didn't move. She stayed
  almost rigidly still, certain that she must be hallucinating.  
"Come, come sweetheart you must talk to Mummy or Mummy will have to punish!" certain
  now that it was not her imagination Sarah replied,  
"Who are you? Where are you? In a voice that was cracked and croaky and didn't
  sound at all like her own. The voice, the anonymous voice was soft and motherly
  but somehow mechanical. Muted, low and not quite human.  
" I'm just outside my love", said the voice, "I'm your Mummy and these are
  your Nannies!"  
*  
I pushed an armchair against the wall, put a cushion against that and eased
  her upright. I settled her against the cushion and then unbuckled the gag.
  I eased it as gently as I could from between her teeth, laid it on the a tea
  towel that I had grabbed earlier and covered it over I didn't particularly
  want her to see her own saliva dripping gag for obvious reasons.  
She made a groaning noise and worked her jaw.  
"Here have a sip of this, there was some Evian water in the fridge." She
  gulped as the water went down.  
"I know. Are you going to take the blindfold off or are there some more indignities
  you'd like to subject me to?" I was on firmer ground here; she was starting
  to sound like Sheila. I kissed her cheek,  
"Sorry Emma but I think I'd like to keep you like this for the time being." She
  shook her head.  
"You really don't trust me do you?" she sounded genuinely concerned.  
"No!" I looked down at the floor, "I think I love you but I really don't
  trust you. Sorry."  
I had panicked slightly earlier when I thought I had REALLY lost the key
  to the handcuffs but I had managed to find it actually in the place where it
  was supposed to be. In the small metal cash box where we kept all our keys,
  carefully numbered and catalogued in a notebook.  
 A system we had started one evening nearly two years ago when it had looked
  for a time that we were going to have to call the fire brigade to free Sheila
  from some leg irons that we had been experimenting with. It is very difficult
  to try to dress someone when they are naked apart from leg irons and a rather
  snazzy pair of high tech stainless steel manacles and it's even more difficult
  to think of an excuse for how they got like that in the first place. I don't
  suggest you try it, though under the right circumstances it could be fun.  
 For some time after relations between Sheila and myself had plummeted to
  new depths but we recovered after I had grovelled enormously and taken her
  to see both Mama Mia and Phantom in the same week.  
I laid my hand on the tops of Emma's feet, where she wasn't so sensitive
  and raised the coffee mug to her lips.  
"Is there sugar in this?"  
"Mmm, two and it's black. I made it strong as well. It's Colombian. Tesco's
  Finest." she took a sip.  
"Mmm. You make such nice coffee." Then she looked up at me, or at least where
  she thought I should be, with sightless eyes. Look this is stupid! Untie me,
  please?" she could be so innocent at times when you considered the things she'd
  seen. When you considered just the things she'd seen since I'd been involved
  with her. I really thought that innocence was genuine. Emma wasn't that manipulative.
  Or rather I hoped she wasn't. I sighed  
"Okay. I'll take the blindfold off," because I really wanted to look into
  those dazzling blue eyes, "and I'll recuff your hands in front of you to make
  you more comfortable and when you've told me everything I'll let you go. Okay?"  
There was a long silence suggesting it wasn't but eventually she said.  
"Okay but there really is no need for this I would have told you everything
  anyway!"  
I was kneeling behind her now unlocking the handcuffs.  
"Come off it Emma you were here to see what you could find," I freed her
  right wrist, rubbed it for her and eased it round in front of her. Without
  a struggle she already had her left arm in the prayer position and meekly let
  me close the cuff on her wrist. Now and only now did I unbuckle her blindfold.  
I sat down beside her; she picked up the coffee mug, took a long swig and
  then looked at me.  
"You're going to let me go after this?" I was slightly outraged.  
"Of course I am! What did you think I was going to do with you?" she put
  down the mug, gently touched my leg with her conjoined hands and said throatily,  
"I could think of some things." Taken off guard and a little more than stirred
  I chanced my arm.  
"You're not mad at me then?" her face was angelic &ndash; for about two seconds.  
"Mad? I'm fucking fuming. A key witness has gone missing, presumed got at
  or even dead already, none of you lot are potentially safe and one of the biggest
  crime families in the history of British Justice could well get off Scot free." Her
  face changed, she was the other Emma again. The one I'd massaged naked on the
  carpet all that time ago. She picked up her cup and said sweetly, "That's assuming
  of course that you and your mates in S and M land have got nothing to do with
  this!"  
 She must have seen my brow furrow in incomprehension. She put the cup down
  again and leaned forward so that her face was only a few inches from mine, "Oh,
  and if it's any consolation&hellip;I think I love you too&hellip; but for the
  moment, the distrust is mutual!&quot; and then she kissed me.  
*  
This was unreal, a long time ago she might even have laughed but she was
  still in a certain amount of shock from her previous ordeal  
She hadn't seen the door and didn't even know it was there until it opened.
  Her jaw dropped. There were two of them, both of similar shape and build, she
  didn't have to be a genius to realise that they had to be the two silver creatures
  from the Moor but their appearance had changed radically.  
Now they wore nurse's uniform. Pure white and made from a shiny material
  that had to be PVC. On their heads were shiny, white, nurses caps and around
  their waists were tiny PVC aprons but it was what was in between that concerned
  her or rather the lack of what was in between.  
Each "Nanny" wore white high-heeled shoes with six-inch heels; each Nanny
  wore American tan nylons with seams that were attached to a PVC garter belt
  by eight pure white and shiny suspenders. They wore brief white PVC panties
  and a skimpy white PVC bra. Around their necks were stethoscopes and that was
  it. That was all they wore.  
Sarah could not help notice the bare flesh between stocking tops and panties
  and between panties and bras, what she didn't notice immediately but saw now,
  were the faces of these Nannies.  
 Or rather the lack of them.  
Each Nanny wore a mask. A skin coloured mask of moulded rubber with real
  hair attached to it. They had long dark eyelashes, impossibly red Cupid's bow
  lips and pert, snubby little noses. Their apparently sightless eyes where heavily
  made up. The Nanny now on her left had sparkling blue eyes and blonde hair
  and looked not unlike Madonna twenty years ago, the Nanny on her right had
  silky black hair and her eyes were green, Dita Von Teese to the life. As they
  took up position on either side of her the soft, detached voice began to speak
  again  
"Now you must do exactly as your Nannies want or Mummy will be cross! Do
  you understand?" Before she could say anything the Nanny to her left moved
  behind her and pinched her nose sharply and the Nanny to her right eased something
  inside her mouth.  
She heard a pumping sound and felt the something begin to slowly fill her
  oral cavity and expand and expand and expand until it filled it entirely, inflating
  her cheeks and making speech impossible. It was slow but inevitable. She tried
  to struggle but she was too firmly strapped down for that.  
Nanny One, the one on her left, began to stroke her forehead gently and she
  knew instantly that this was her little silver friend from before. The green-eyed
  Nanny, Nanny Two, was now wheeling over an ominous looking trolley loaded with
  what Sarah the Nurse recognised as medical apparatus.  
She did her best to look down and saw to her horror what appeared to be a
  huge pink dummy sticking out of her mouth. A dummy with an inflatable pacifier
  inside. She shivered. Infantilism was not her bag but there was something oddly
  kinky and arousing about this particular set up.  
Now that she could see her and watch the way she moved, so the more convinced
  Sarah became that Nanny One and the silver creature from the ambulance that
  had teased and tormented her so delightfully were one and the same. She was
  beside her now and in her hands was an oversized baby's bottle that must have
  held a least a litre of fluid that looked like milk.  
She offered it up to the huge dummy and with a slow gliding motion eased
  it into the area at the front where the handle would normally be. Almost immediately
  Sarah felt warm liquid flowing into her mouth. She realised that the inflatable
  gag must have a hollow tube imbedded in it so that she could be fed.  
She was thankful, (or was she?) that the Nannies or Mummy or whoever, had
  not decided that their captive adult baby should be breast-fed. To her slight
  disappointment she saw Nanny One relinquish the bottle in order to allow Nanny
  Two to take hold of it and to gently stroke her cheek. She had no option but
  to suck at it gently and take in the fluid, the fluid that felt warm and comforting
  and relaxing. Now Nanny One was back and in her hands and to Sarah's mounting
  horror, she was holding a large disposable nappy.  
She tried to move, she tried to struggle but the restraints held her firm
  and strangely, the more she struggled, so the quicker the warm milky fluid
  seemed to flow into her mouth.  
"Hush now Baby! Hush now my pet! There's something to make you go wee wee
  and something to make you go toilet in your nice warm milky. Now your Nannies
  have got two more bottles for you, so drink that nicely and let Nanny put your
  nappy on and then your plastic pants because you're too young to be in control
  and you won't be once you've drunk all your nice milky!"  
It was so soft and sweet and yet somehow so chilling. She wondered if the
  voice was going to continue &ndash; but it didn't.  
 Nanny One slipped the thick warm fleecy comfortable nappy under her relatively
  easily but that was mainly because Nanny Two had pinched her left nipple hard
  enough to make her squirm in her seat and lift her bottom just enough for the
  nappy to be slipped underneath her and fastened in place.  
The more milk she drunk so the more comfortable and woozy she felt. She even
  lifted up her bottom voluntarily to allow a snug warm pair of plastic pants
  to be slipped round her thick comfortable nappy and be tied in position.  
Nanny one held her to her not inconsequential breasts whilst Nanny Two stroked
  her cheek for a few moments before returning to the medical trolley.  
There must be openings in both her nappy and her plastic pants, she realised
  as she sucked contentedly on her bottle, because even now Nanny One, the little
  minx, was pushing something through them and into her vagina which seemed to
  be held open by something in the nappy which pressed against her labia.  
It felt soft and warm and it made her shiver with excitement.  
The more milk she drank so the more helpless she became and the more dependent,
  gloriously and submissively dependent, she became on the Nannies but something
  deep in the back of her mind told her that Nanny One was easing a catheter
  into her. She could feel it. She could feel the rubber tubing wriggling around
  inside her like it was somehow alive and then she felt it slide home.  
Nanny One was already taking a surgical clamp and attaching it to the tube
  that now stuck obscenely out of her rapidly dampening pussy and her weirdly
  anachronistic attire. She was walking away Sarah realised with concern but
  she was walking away only to return pushing a medical stand on four castored
  legs hanging from which appeared to be the type of bag that they used for drips
  but much larger than usual and also empty.  
Nanny Two, satisfied that all the milk had gone from the first bottle, unplugged
  it from her dummy and dropped it onto the trolley. She bent down, picked up
  a full one this time and eased it back into the huge pacifier that filled Sarah's
  mouth. She cradled her head in her arms once more and let nature take it's
  course.  
To her shame Sarah began to suck on it hungrily, whilst Nanny One was unclamping
  and offering the tube from her nappy up to the drip bottle on the stand. Satisfied
  that it was fully in place she now released the clamp and the happily sucking
  Sarah could only watch as her own urine began to flow quickly into the bag.  
Sarah was now too calm and too peaceful to be as horrified about this as
  she should have been. Although Nanny Two was still feeding her she was also
  lightly stroking her tits as well and the feeling of euphoria was starting
  to overwhelm her.  
The fact that she was helpless and the fact that somewhere, somewhere far,
  far away she knew exactly what they were doing, that it was a quite terrible
  and yet somehow deliciously perverted thing to do just added to her arousal.
  Now Nanny One was picking up a second rubber tube, one that came out of the
  bag that was rapidly filling with urine and attaching it to what had to be
  a second hole in her dummy.  
 That done, she sealed it with a clamp.  
Then the voice again.  
That soft gentle voice.  
"Now Baby, soon you'll lose control of your Number Ones AND your Number Twos
  as well. Soon you'll be a helpless baby wetting your nappy for us and doing
  poo poos whenever we want, especially when we start on Baby's enema therapy
  tomorrow!" Sarah's tenuous grip on reality was slipping fast but she realised
  finally that the lovely warm milk she was drinking, if that indeed was what
  it was, was spiked not least with diuretics and laxatives, she struggled a
  little but both Nannies pressing her down against the chair and stroking her
  ample tits now.  
"That's it Baby don't try to fight or Mummy WILL have to punish. Do you understand
  Baby Sarah?" and Sarah nodded as best she could before letting her eyes hood
  over and allowing the Nannies to do exactly what they wanted with her.  
"Good baby. Good, good baby Sarah. Now if Sarah's good and drinks up all
  her nice milkies like a good girl, then she can have more milk and she won't
  have to drink all that nasty pee pee that's collecting in the bag up there
  for her!" Sarah looked up at the bag that was rapidly filling with her own
  piss, realised that if she did not do as they said then they would make her
  drink it and felt a sudden liquid surge within her.  
She was a nurse.  
 She had no kidney problems and she knew that urine was sterile.  
 She had even heard of an actress who drank her own on a daily basis.  
 But here she was being turned into a baby and about to be force-fed her
  own piss by two masked Nannies and suddenly she desperately wanted to come.  
And when Nanny One slipped a gentle, exploring hand into her warm soft nappy
  and began to gently stroke at her already engorged clit she did exactly that
  she climaxed as violently and as loudly as her restraints and the gag would
  allow.  
*  
Eventually one of us broke the kiss, I can't remember who it was and she
  said,  
"Look I'd really love to stay and let you ravish me all day but I have GOT
  to get back to the factory," she looked at the wall clock, but I was there
  before her,  
"Don't tell me, Barbara's got another check point coming up." She nodded  
"Mmm, eight thirty, we've been up most of the night as it is!" I felt like
  I'd been up for a couple of years. I kissed her again,  
"Tell me what's happening! Please?" she gave me a frank stare.  
"Okay, in a nutshell, Sarah Beaumont's gone missing," she looked into my
  eyes, "Have you had any contact with her?" I shook my head.  
"We weren't exactly friends, you know we weren't. She helped Sue Chandler,
  she provided her with all the information that she used to kidnap Linda and
  Sheila. I'm not exactly going to send her flowers on her birthday am I?" Then
  I realised just what I'd said. "But&hellip;" Emma shook her head.  
"Yeah, yeah! Well, she relocated to Leeds, she had friends up there apparently
  and she was working as a nurse again in St James' the big hospital. She went
  to the pub with her friends on Sunday night and when they tried to check if
  she'd got home OK they couldn't contact her, bearing in mind her history they
  called the police in Leeds and they called us".  
"She hasn't turned up and because she's a very important witness we're assuming
  that the Chandlers, what's left of them, are involved!" She looked at me more
  than slightly quizzically and I finally caught on.  
"Oh, I see! Or else I've had her kidnapped to get revenge, right?" She nodded.  
"Or someone close to you like Sheila or Linda Hutton, Linda's certainly got
  contacts, people who owe her more than the odd favour&hellip;" Her voice tailed
  off and she looked up at the ceiling almost dreamily, "Or someone not so close&hellip;" that
  lost me slightly but I could see her line of thinking otherwise, there was
  a flaw however."  
"Well that means your mate Liz Fisher's a suspect too!" She put up a straight
  bat to that.  
"Liz would NOT be involved," I wondered how well she knew Liz these days.
  I threw her a googly.  
"She's in New York!" Emma's hackles were starting to rise." With Linda, Sheila
  and myself. I just got back." she looked at me intensely.  
"We know that too. Or rather we found out not so long ago. The FBI has had
  Sheila under surveillance since she arrived in the States. But we don't have
  the manpower or the budget to watch everybody. YOU slipped under the radar!" I
  couldn't believe it.  
"What, the Feds are watching Sheila? That must be nice for them." she pursed
  her lips and spoke to me slowly like she was speaking to a child. A slightly
  stupid child.  
"Sheila and Sarah Beaumont are the most important witnesses we've got," she
  looked at me and wrinkled her nose, " and they both refused point blank to
  go into witness protection, so at the moment Sheila's under surveillance twenty
  four seven. And while a couple of our boys would have loved an all expenses
  paid weekend in the Big Apple, the Chandlers have got links to The Mob AND
  the Russian Mafia, so J. Edgar's finest took over and bloody thorough they
  are too! Any way they report that she 's fine. She's been doing the normal
  tourist things, you know, shopping and fucking and having the shit kicked out
  of her and then, my, my, if someone else doesn't suddenly come to the FBI's
  attention. Someone from England who seems to have a talent for hitting people!" I
  started to protest and she tried to raise a hand, which she thought better
  of when she remembered the handcuffs.  
"I know, I know and if I was a man and my EX girlfriend," and here she eyeballed
  me intensely, " who had made it quite clear to me that it was over, by the
  way, was going somewhere to be comprehensively tortured then I wouldn't be
  too happy about it either but you've got to admit," her blue eyes glittered, "that
  in the light of Sarah's disappearance, in the light of the fact that you two
  are no longer an item, in light of the fact that it does seem to be one hell
  of a bloody coincidence that you should all pop up the States at the same time
  then it does look as if a conspiracy theory might just be on the cards!." I
  looked at her quizzically, " Well it COULD seem to an outsider that you, Sheila
  and Linda Hutton were all trying to create some fairly high profile alibis
  for yourselves!" I was saved from having to answer by what could only be a
  ring tone that sounded pretty much like the theme from Starsky and Hutch, I
  looked at her in disbelief and she regarded me disdainfully.  
"Just give me my bag! The bloody phone's in there." Her bag was sitting next
  to me; I'd bought it with me in case she needed it I looked at her and let
  my hand hover just above it. Did she want me to fish it out?  
" Yes! Get the bloody thing! I can't exactly go delving in there with these," she
  indicated her hands, "Can I?" I had to get really close to her so that I could
  put the phone to her ear. I pressed the green button and she didn't look impressed.  
"Hello? Yes Babs! Yup, I'm fine. Okay. Okay and what did they see? WHAT?
  How many? Two little ones and a big one! Any flying saucers with that? Bright
  white lights, that sort of thing? A white van! I see. Two little silver men
  and one big one driving a white van? And where were Noddy and Big Ears while
  all this was going off? What's that? They weren't men. They had tits!" Emma
  looked at me archly, I knew this was all for my benefit and I sat there feeling
  more helpless than she was and she knew it and she was enjoying every second.  
 " And what? And high heeled silver boots!" Now she stared, her eyes boring
  into me like lasers, "What time was this Babs? Uh, huh and this caller wouldn't
  give their name? Well this is the Twenty First Century Barbara we can track
  phone calls now. Oh they did? A phone box in Leeds town centre?"  
 She looked at me even more intensely and cocked her head to one side.  
 "People in silver suits with high heeled boots," I was going to tell her
  that rhymed but I thought better of it, "Know what that sounds like to me Babs?" The
  lasers were back on again, "It certainly doesn't sound like extra terrestrials,
  it sounds like two ordinary size women and one tall one wearing FETISH GEAR!" she
  said it slowly and clearly as if talking to an idiot and she was looking at
  me all the time, "Latex or rubber or what's that other stuff? Er, PVC that's
  it!" I could see her mind racing. "Anything on the car yet?" She looked at
  me all the time that Sergeant Jones was filling her in on the Scene Of Crime
  Officer's findings. Eventually she sighed and asked, "Any one been up there?" and
  another one-sided conversation took place.  
According to recent research this is what apparently drives people crazy
  about mobile phone conversations in public places &ndash; you can't hear what
  the other person is saying. Personally what annoys me is that the big headed
  Pratt on the phone has the gall to assume that the people sitting in the bus
  or train or restaurant or toilet or whatever lead such boring lives that they
  would give even the merest scintilla of a rat's arse about whatever it is they
  are talking but in this case I WAS interested. Very interested.  
Eventually the call ended and Emma held the phone awkwardly in both hands
  whilst trying to reduce me to ash with a single stare, finally she said,  
"Well! Do you want the good news or the bad news?" I never have liked that
  game and when I stayed silent Emma smiled sarcastically, &quot;Okay, the good
  news is that I haven't got enough to nick you," I still wasn't playing but
  that didn't stop Emma, "and the bad news is that given another day or so..." she
  didn't get as much time to gloat as she would have liked because at that moment
  another phone rang.  
 Another phone, another ring tone, this time it was the theme from Thunderbirds.
  I had the good grace to blush and then fished my phone out of my pocket.  
She was watching me so carefully. Trying to crane her neck so far forward
  it was comical. I had to answer this because if I didn't she would assume the
  worst and it couldn't have been much worse - it was the Bishop with some news
  that I just didn't need right then  
"Bill?"  
"Yes Bish, what's up?"  
"Bill have you heard from Lady Heather?" I was genuinely bewildered  
"No! I've just got back from the States."  
"I know," he sounded worried, "I was just checking, only Heather and the
  terrible twosome," He meant Ally and Angela, lovely girls but a real pain when
  they were together, "were on their way to FETCON '03, you know the fetish convention
  in Harrogate?" I had to shake my head, the very idea of a fetish convention
  in Harrogate filled me with horror and so, suddenly, did something else and
  it was sitting not a million miles away from me. I lowered my voice as if it
  would make any difference.  
"Is er, is something wrong?"  
"I don't know I was due to meet the three of them in Whitby because it's
  not so far away from there and Ally being part woman, part Goth wanted to see
  where Dracula's supposed to have come ashore. I wasn't over concerned yesterday
  when they didn't phone because I know there are blank spots up here but I'm
  at the hotel now and they didn't show last night, I wondered if you'd heard
  anything?" I shook my head, subconsciously not wanting to let Emma know what
  was happening and then I realised that as yet most phones don't pick up gestures.
  I let out a sigh.  
"No Bish! Not heard a thing. Have you told the police?" Of course Emma was
  suddenly as rigid as a dog on the scent of its next meal and I was between
  a rock and a hard place, "Just a sec," I held the phone away from me and looked
  at her, hungry with anticipation would have been an understatement.  
 And I spilled.  
 What else could I do? She would have found out eventually. There was a look
  on her face that was unfathomable.  
"Get his number and I'll pass it on to Babs. She can talk to him and get
  the details and she can inform the West Yorkshire Police, my geography's not
  too good but I think the Sarah Beaumont enquiry comes under South Yorkshire.
  Anyway we're going to treat this as suspicious even if they don't," She lowered
  her voice, " very suspicious!"  
I got a number for the Bishop and passed it on to Emma asking him, as he
  rang off, to keep me informed. I didn't wait for a lecture, things had suddenly
  got serious. I stood up and walked over to the wall unit where I kept the cigar
  box and the keys. Emma leaned back against her cushion.  
"These three friends of yours&hellip;" I knew what was coming and I nodded
  as I walked towards her, keys in hand, "I think I've met them once. Lady Heather
  bears a striking resemblance to Linda except that she's actually got manners
  and isn't a professional East Ender, right?" I nodded again, " and it would
  be fair to say that she is above average height for a woman, right?" I nodded
  again as I removed the handcuffs from her ankles, Heather and Linda were both
  about 6 feet 2 inches tall.  
"And would it also be correct to say that Allison and Angela are about average
  height, roughly five foot six or so? Say something damn you!" I had actually
  nodded again but I was behind her now unlocking her wrists.  
"Yes Inspector, it would be correct to say that too," I replied wearily as
  I helped her to stand up and she rubbed her wrists vigorously.  
"Where are my shoes?"  
"They're in the hall, I was just about to get them."  
"Don't bother. Can I just have a look at those handcuffs only they look like
  the ones we use and you shouldn't be able to get them commercially.&quot; I
  handed her the cuffs, which would count as one of my smaller mistakes in a
  lifetime full of pretty big ones and the odd elephant.  
She was quick. Very, very quick.  
Moving fast in just her tights and with no shoes to hamper her she slipped
  behind me grabbed one wrist and then the other and slid the handcuffs deftly
  into place before I could even open my mouth. Then she walked outside put on
  her shoes and ambled back in to stand in front of me with a tangible glow of
  triumph radiating from her already alarmingly smug features.  
"William David Rodgers, I am arresting you in connection with the possible
  abduction of Sarah Beaumont, you do not have to say anything, but it may harm
  your defence if you do not mention something, when questioned, which you later
  rely on in court! Do you understand?" and I stood there wondering whether it
  was possible that you actually got more gullible as you got older instead of
  less. I nodded more to keep her quiet than anything else.  
 There was more than a hint of satisfaction in Emma's voice when she spoke
  next  
"If I were you Willy, I'd get yourself a brief. A good one!"  
*  
"Are you sure you've got a licence to drive in England?" Lady Heather sighed.  
"Yes Ally, I am fully licensed to drive an automobile in this country. Driving
  on the opposite side of the road takes a little getting used to but otherwise
  I am fine." Ally was nothing if not persistent.  
"And it definitely says UK on your license and not Pongo's Creek or somewhere?"  
Angela looked up from her catalogue,  
"Where's Pongo's Creek?" Ally was irritated but did not turn round  
"Oh go back to sleep Ange! It's a place in Oz that I just made up. Mind that
  car!"  
Now it was Lady Heather's turn to be irritated. She eased the car through
  the light motorway traffic until she was back in the left hand lane.  
"Ally you're supposed to be navigating not driving, that's why I let you
  sit in the front with me otherwise I would have put you in the back with Angela
  and preferably tied the two of you together!" Ally winced as a huge lorry and
  trailer slipped past them showering the big green 4x4 they had borrowed from
  Linda with spray from the recent downpour. Heather regarded Ally seriously
  in the rear view mirror for several moments, finally she said,  
"Ally, have you ever driven a car before?" Ally looked puzzled.  
"Yeah. My dad's old Holden, he used to let me drive a bit when we were away
  from Melbourne, why?"  
"Pongo's Creek huh!"  
"No! Not bloody Pongo's Creek! What are you driving at?" Heather ignored
  the unintentional pun.  
"Well, what I'm trying to say is that you're not exactly used to driving
  on the Freeway right?"  
"Motorway!" said Ally glumly; "they're called Motorways over here!" Heather
  shrugged.  
"Whatever."  
"Well you know, everywhere's not the same as Burger King. Just 'cos they
  call like a Chicken Royale the same thing all over the world&hellip;" Heather
  sighed;  
"Okay Ally, I was not hoping to start a conversation on the merits and demerits
  of globalisation, although I CAN see you picking up a demerit or two before
  today is over," Ally grinned wryly, she'd read "The Story of "O", "I was just
  trying to point out that you are the most nervous passenger I have ever driven
  with and if you are not exceedingly cautious I may well use something from
  that catalogue that Angela is poring over to SHUT YOU UP!" Ally looked slightly
  hurt, just as yet another car came desperately close, horn blaring.  
The tall, older woman and smaller younger girl with the jet-black hair and
  the white streak for a fringe regarded each other as best they could in the
  rear-view.  
"That was nothing to do with me!" said Lady Heather haughtily  
"Well it sure wasn't me!" said Ally frostily.  
"Hey! Why don't you two shuddup, I'm trying to read here!" Ally rounded on
  the voice from the capacious back street and then froze.  
"Strewth!" Lady Heather held the big car steady.  
"What's wrong now?" Ally was almost but not quite speechless.  
"Angela you are such a &hellip;oh what's the word?" another car passed and
  two men in football shirts leaned out of the offside windows making gestures
  with their fists. Lady Heather was puzzled on two counts.  
"Bitch? Whore? Strumpet? Harlot? Slut? Superslut? Megaslut? Omnislut?" the
  other being that she did not for the life of her know why their car seemed
  to be attracting so much attention but for Ally the penny had finally dropped.  
"Yeah!" she said through gritted teeth, "All of those!" Realising that Angela
  could not be seen in her mirror Ally put a hand on the steering wheel, "I'll
  hold it steady while you get an eyeful" Still puzzled Lady Heather turned to
  see Angela comfortably ensconced on the back seat.  
She had kicked off her high-heeled sandals and was barefoot, one foot on
  the floor, the other tucked, at nearly a ninety-degree angle to her body, into
  one the safety handles above the nearside door. She was wearing an extremely
  short skirt and an even skimpier top and that appeared to be all that she was
  wearing because her shaven crotch with its very prominent labia and four piercings
  was visible to just about everyone in the nearside lane, as were most of her
  generous breasts.  
 Just to make matters worse her free hand, the one not holding the catalogue,
  was now rubbing slowly and seductively against the dark and puffy entrance
  to her vagina.  
"Okay!" Heather turned smoothly back to face the front and took over the
  steering again. Satisfied that the car was under control she spoke quietly
  to Ally.  
"Yes Ally you were right. She's all those things, plus a few more
    besides&hellip;" 
"What kinda like a Scarlet Woman?" said Ally innocently but with a deepening
grin as a coach carrying what could only be a crowd of football supporters drew
level with them and then kept pace whilst loud cheers could clearly be heard
from inside.   
"Yes that's right Allison dear," she said quietly and angelically," AND IT'S
  HER LAZY, GOOD FOR NOTHING, FREAKIN' ASS THAT'S GONNA BE SCARLET WHEN I'VE
  FINISHED WITH HER! ANGELA! GET YOUR STEAMING, DIRTY, SLUTTISH PUSSY UNDER COVER
  RIGHT NOW BEFORE I PULL OVER, STAKE YOU OUT IN THAT FIELD OVER THERE AND LEAVE
  YOU FOR THOSE ASSHOLES IN THAT BUS! DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"  
Angela knew from past experience that Lady Heather did not make idle threats.
  Thirty seconds ago she had been engrossed in her catalogue, in particular the
  section on "The Bonking Bunny" a vibrator shaped like a cross between a rabbit
  and a fiercely erect penis clutching a clitoral stimulator for a carrot. Now
  she was sitting bolt upright, her face as red as Heather had predicted her
  backside would be, pulling frantically at her skirt and top and trying to find
  her shoes blindly with her feet in order to attain some kind of normality.  
Lady Heather stared straight ahead as the coach passed them and the onlookers
  on board waved them a disappointed but good-natured goodbye. Eventually she
  spoke,  
" Angie baby, did I ever threaten to sew those pussy rings to your clit ring
  and leave you just room enough to pee?" Angela nodded sheepishly,  
"Yes you did!" after what seemed an age and in a voice so low it was barely
  audible Heather finally said,  
"Don't go to sleep tonight Angela and if you do, don't expect to be able
  to take a PISS, let alone play with yourself ever AGAIN!" and then she smiled
  sweetly, "Okay Honey?"  
Angela knew she wouldn't do it permanently but she knew that she WOULD do
  it if she had to or indeed just because she could. She remembered the two weeks
  of enforced chastity after she had been caught giving Niles a particularly
  long and eventful blowjob in a storeroom when Niles should have been filming
  an exceptionally well known, well proportioned and in Linda's words, well expensive,
  Bondage Model to promote The Bishop's website.  
Lady Heather had taken great delight in tying her down, inserting a butt
  plug liberally coated with toothpaste into her sensitive little arse and a
  dildo coated with vapour rub into her pussy and then sealing everything in
  place with a chastity belt with a twelve number combination.  
She had to go down on her knees and beg Lady Heather to be released in the
  morning and in the evening in order to wash and go to the toilet which she
  did under Heather's eagle eye, sex of course being completely out of the question
  although Niles did claim conjugal rights and get custody of her mouth for the
  fortnight.  
Lady Heather still had her eyes fixed firmly on the road.  
"Allison is that our turn off ahead? It does say Whitby, oh and Angela? Hand
  over that catalogue, you know I'm starting to think that if someone gave you
  Webster's dictionary you'd probably find something to&hellip;" she stumbled
  for a second, "Hey Ally what's that English word again? You know, for playing
  with yourself?" Ally grinned.  
"Wank! Yeah you're right Heather on both counts. Next turn is Whitby and&hellip; hey
  he's pretty close!"  
Heather didn't see what was happening but she felt it as they took the off
  ramp to Whitby.  
 She dismissed it at first as a simple nudge, as the car behind, it was a
  black 4x4 with huge bull bars and tinted windows, got just a little too close
  as they both slowed down, but it wasn't the case. The car shuddered and she
  eased off the gas some more, expecting the black car to do the same so that
  they could stop, inspect the damage, if any, and exchange details, if necessary,
  but it didn't.  
As she slowed down, so the other car sped up and hit them again. This time
  the car jerked forward, and so did they. Heather sped up a little but the big
  black 4x4 accelerated enough to cause its tyres to screech and then hit them
  again. This time it was all she could do to keep the vehicle under control.
  Instinctively she put her foot down on the accelerator and the big car gathered
  sped leaving the black car far enough behind to give them a chance of getting
  away.  
Heather blew out her cheeks. For a moment she had thought that things were
  going to get nasty  
But the black car had dropped back for a reason.  
So it could come at her again.  
And come at her much, much faster than before.  
Even now it was filling her rear view mirror  
 Now Heather realised that things WERE going to get nasty.  
"Angela, forget everything I just said and put your seat belt on honey!" Aware
  that they were approaching a roundabout and also aware that the black 4x4 was
  looming ever closer she eased her foot down on the accelerator. The response
  was immediate, the car was a gas-guzzler but it had a throaty V8 engine that
  responded to the gas pedal instantly  
They all felt the drag as Bessie, (Linda's name, not hers) pulled away smoothly.
  Hands lightly on the steering wheel Lady Heather guided the Range Rover round
  the roundabout and onto the road for Whitby but the other driver was matching
  her speed. This time when the 4x4 hit them they were all thrown forward,  
Heather floored the accelerator, reaching out blindly for the seat belt that
  she had not been wearing. The big engine, rather than roar, throbbed powerfully,
  and the speedo slipped into the seventies. Eyes fixed intently on the road
  she said,  
"Ally get your seat belt on sweetheart!" Both Ally and Angela had their heads
  turned, watching the big black vehicle behind them.  
"I already have!" Ally tended to look up to Heather and treat her like the
  mother who had been either too busy or too drunk too bother with her, even
  though she was only 10 years older. "What's going on?"  
"Don't know sweetheart, have you got your mobile on you?" Speedometer touching
  ninety now on a two lane "A" road, fields and trees seemingly whizzing past
  them, Ally shook her head.  
"It's in my bag." The driver of the black vehicle had been caught out by
  their sudden burst of speed but now he was just a few feet behind them again
  and edging closer. The stakes were much higher now, a bump at this speed could
  send them crashing off the road. Heather's mind was working at full speed.
  If she could contact The Bishop to let him know what was happening and then
  maybe the police&hellip; but her phone was also with her baggage and that was
  all sitting behind Angela neatly piled into the hatchback.  
And then the black vehicle hit them again.  
The steering wheel seemed to come alive in her hands and it was all she could
  do to control it, the vehicle swerved to the left whilst the black car maintained
  a straight course.  
 Heather could guess why.  
If she tried to counter the swerve too violently she would swing off to the
  right and the black 4x4 would then be able to either nudge her into the opposite
  lane and the oncoming traffic or, if it caught her nearside, the fields to
  her left.  
The second choice was preferable to the first. She had just a split second
  to think.  
 Steer INTO a skid.  
Steer into it.  
The Range Rover was veering violently left like a frightened animal that
  had run inadvertently into traffic. As calmly as she could she turned the steering
  wheel slowly left. There was wooden fencing in between them and the field and
  she felt the big car buck as it crossed from road to verge and then buck again
  as she finally managed to get it under control and back onto the road.  
The black car was coming up fast on her right but since they had now straightened
  up, instead of hitting them as planned it was drawing level. Heather did something
  she thought she'd never do and steered her vehicle carefully and deliberately
  toward the other. She had to stop this. She had to stop it now and if they
  would not stop ramming her then she had no option but to ram them.  
 As she got closer she tried to see who was driving but the windows were
  black and reflective, it was impossible to see in. To all intents and purposes
  the vehicle was empty.  
For the first time in the journey from London she had both girls' undivided
  attention as she heaved the car over to finally make contact with their attackers.
  But it just wasn't hard enough.  
She had hoped to bump them away, to push them just far enough onto the verge
  in the middle of the road to give them a chance to get away but it didn't happen.
  Angela screamed at roughly the same time as the metal did as the two cars broadsided
  each other. The blue and orange sparks were visible from where Angela was sitting
  but she had the good sense to throw herself to the other side of the seat.  
Both cars travelled for something like 200 yards grating and grinding against
  each other until Heather, realising that they were had nothing to gain from
  this, turned the wheel and hauled her vehicle away from the other and accelerated
  once more.  
There was traffic coming the other way, two cars and a dumpster and she'd
  had enough experience of dumpsters in LA to know they were bad news. Suddenly
  a thought hit her. What about Angela? What about her mobile? She'd been texting
  Niles almost constantly since they started out that morning.  
"Ange, your mobile..." Angela was doing her best to sit upright, she was
  visibly frightened but then they all were in one way or another  
"Out of battery, ran out about an hour ago! Why are they doing this?" Heather
  wanted to say "Shit!" but she didn't. instead she said as mildly as she could,  
"I don't know Angela. now just put your belt on honey and you'll be fine!"  
 She felt a responsibility to these two girls, Angela was a total screwball
  but totally likable as well and Ally was like the younger sister she never
  ever had.  
The dumpster, carrying a full load, tarpaulin flapping in the wind was now
  almost on them. She didn't want to but she knew that she had to give way and
  that she also had to slow down, which would give the black car every opportunity
  to ram them again.  
She thought about the Bishop. She thought about what he was always saying
  to her, that there was always at least two ways to do a thing. She looked at
  the dumpster bearing down on her. It was only another vehicle and its driver
  didn't want an accident any more than she did. ..  
She had eased off the gas pedal in anticipation but now she floored it and
  as she did so she felt a sudden forward jerk that snapped her head back against
  the headrest as the following vehicle made brief contact once again before
  the engine took over and dragged them away.  
Speedo just touching one hundred miles per hour she rocketed past the dumpster
  and felt the car shake but the black car had anticipated her. It was still
  close behind and it was coming closer still.  
She saw a roundabout up ahead and wondered, just wondered if the stupid idea
  that had just flashed into her mind might really work and then she caught movement
  in the back of the vehicle out the corner of her eye.  
"Angela what are you doing? I told you to put your seat belt on!"  
Angela!  
Gorgeous, spunky little Angela, who never took &quot;No&quot; for an answer.  
 On anything  
She had slipped her shoes off again and was now starting to climb over the
  back seat.  
"I'm going to get one of your phones!" was the slightly muffled reply. Ally
  whirled round,  
" Ange You can't!" but Angela's bare backside was already visible as she
  struggled over the high seat.  
Heather knew she shouldn't do it but she NEEDED a phone. THEY needed a phone
  if they were to get out of this mess. She looked at Ally as best she could
  without taking her eyes off the road and gave her what she hoped was an encouraging
  look.  
"She's not stupid Ally and she'll be careful, won't you Angela?" but Angela
  had already disappeared behind the rear seat and was now trying to ease her
  way through the large tubular bars behind which lay the luggage. She had just
  raised her head a little to find the best place to climb through when she saw
  something hit the large rear window and was surprised to see several little
  cracks appear in the glass. but at that moment she was too concerned about
  the phones to let that bother her and she began to squeeze through the bars.  
She heard what sounded like a series of plops barely audible above the noise
  of the engine and the wind that was now buffeting the vehicle but still she
  was too busy to worry about them. It was only when Ally shouted,  
"What the bloody hell was that!" that she looked up and to her horror saw
  that the glass in front of her was no longer clear. It seemed to be peppered
  with tiny holes each with dozens of little cracks emanating from it but she
  was still intent on reaching the mobiles. She pushed and squeezed and wriggled
  again and finally she was through the bars and into the freedom of the luggage
  area.  
There had been more pops whilst she had been exerting herself and the rear
  window was now completely opaque, a mass of chips and cracks as if it had been
  peppered by stones thrown up from the side of the road. There was another noise.
  A much louder one this time and she didn't even have time to scream before
  the whole window seemed to cave in on her.  
"Fuck!" Heather had seen it all clearly.  
 It had looked like the barrel of a rifle at first and it was protruding
  from the front passenger window of the black car. It wasn't big enough to be
  a rifle barrel but it had to be a gun of some description and it was clutched
  tightly in a shiny silver hand.  
 They wanted to cause damage but not loss of life. That was all she could
  assume.  
A real gun would have smashed that window first time and probably taken out
  one of them as well. This had to be something different, something lower powered,
  like an air rifle.  
The glass caved in on top of Angela and the sudden rush of cold air from
  outside seemed as if it was going to drag them backwards out of their seats.
  As it was, loose papers, sweet wrappers and even empty drinks cans flew into
  the air as if suddenly imbued with a life of their own The car was full of
  noise now. The wind that had previously whistled harmlessly around the vehicle
  now seemed to be trying to tear it apart from the inside out.  
Heather screwed up her eyes and scoured the rear view mirror but she could
  not see what she was looking for  
"Angela!" for one heart stopping moment Heather thought that Ally was actually
  going to unbuckle her seat belt and try to find her. She put a restraining
  arm across her and heaved the vehicle, tyres screeching, into the roundabout
  throwing the automatic gearbox into overdrive as she did it.  
 Ally, not the hardiest of passengers at the best of times, looked fearfully
  at the speed they were now doing, knowing that it would be difficult to veer
  off the roundabout without the car skidding or swerving or even overturning
  on the wet road  
The black car followed but it did not seem quite as quick. Heather shouted
  hooray silently in her head as she saw the vehicle receding and put her plan
  into action. Contrary to Ally's worst fears she had never intended to leave
  the roundabout. What she hoped to do, before the driver of the other vehicle
  realised it, was catch up with him as they circled and play him at his own
  game.  
The wind whistled around them and the tyres squealed as she took the inside
  lane and found herself rapidly catching up with her pursuer. Fortunately for
  her there were no other vehicles in sight. Foot to the floor, praying that
  nothing would go wrong and that Angela was okay she held the steering wheel
  tightly now and was rewarded by seeing the rear of the back vehicle looming
  in front of her. She knew she would have to slow down or she would not only
  kill the people in the black car but probably her and Allison as well but she
  could not afford to slow down yet.  
She inched closer and closer, the wind from the broken window pulling at
  her hair as if trying to distract her. Ally sat next to her, rigid in her seat.
  She was close now. So close. She eased off the gas just a little. Just enough
  to let the car slow down,  
 Just enough to&hellip;  
She never even saw it coming, she was too busy concentrating on the black
  car and worrying about Angela to even notice the large white van that had slipped
  in behind her and was now just inches from her rear bumper.  
It hit her once and threw them both forward  
Blood pounding in her ears, no time even to look in the rear view mirror,
  she corrected and pushed the car forward, not really knowing what she was doing
  or why she was doing it, she was too shocked, too surprised, too frightened.
  The white van hit them again. Ally was screaming "Oh my God!" and there was
  still no sign of Angela.  
She had to cope; she had to deal with this.  
 The white van was coming at her again. She floored the accelerator once
  more and sent the Range Rover crashing into the back of the black 4x4. Ally
  screamed again. She heard a gasp in her own ears that had to be her. Despite
  the whiplash both her and Ally's belts were holding and Ally was petrified
  but unharmed. She eased off the accelerator preparing to ram the black car
  again but the van driver had anticipated her.  
He too had dropped back, he too was doing what she was doing and losing speed
  but now there was sufficient distance between them, he or she was speeding
  up again and there could be only one reason for that. So that he could hit
  her harder. Now the black car was braking, the bright red brake lights clearly
  visible in the gloom. Suddenly she realised what they were up to.  
She was going to be the meat in their sandwich  
 They were going to crush Bessie between them but she had one more weapon.
  One more thing that she could try. One more thing that she had never ever done
  before.  
"Hold on Ally!" she shouted and cranking the speedo up to over one hundred
  miles per hour, spinning the steering wheel as hard to the right as she could
  and then wrenching the handbrake up violently she executed what would be her
  first and probably her last handbrake turn.  
The car responded like a frightened gazelle but it DID respond. Bucking and
  leaping, tyres screaming, the car executed an almost perfect one hundred and
  eighty degree turn and now it was travelling away from her pursuers BUT ON
  THE SAME CARRIAGEWAY!  
She had to get over.  
She had to get onto the other side of the road.  
She was already lucky that there was no other traffic around.  
And she was still accelerating  
Ally watched wide-eyed as the speedometer crept up to one hundred and twenty
  on a road with a limit of seventy miles an hour. Adrenaline pumping through
  her veins Heather crossed the grass verge. A cursory glance had told her there
  was nothing coming but motorcyclists are hard to see at the best of times and
  a black Harley Davidson with its lights off on a dark winter afternoon in January
  when it is already dark is almost impossible to detect  
It was more by luck than judgement that Heather saw the motorcyclist in the
  inside lane doing just over a ton just as she was about to cross. She swerved
  violently, just managing to control the now battered Range Rover, just able
  to maintain a straight course.  
 The bike rider had zoomed away unharmed but to her horror she now saw that
  he, or she, their face was hidden by a black helmet with a black tinted visor,
  had now dismounted and was standing on the grass verge both hands together
  pointing something in her direction.  
 She swerved again. She had no option. This time she had no doubt that a
  gun was being pointed at her or her vehicle.  
She twisted the steering wheel and accelerated back across the road, the
  car rearing viciously as it hit the verge. Even above the wind and the engine
  noise the shots were plainly audible: One! Two! Three! Four! Five! Six! Quick
  and relentless! It had to be a machine pistol at the very least  
You never hear the bullet that kills you but she had heard every one of these
  and now she felt the impact as with deadly accuracy all six shots crashed into
  her offside front tyre shredding it instantly and causing the Range Rover to
  swerve so violently that she thought it was going to lose contact with the
  ground. She did not have long to wait. She battled with the steering wheel
  but this time the result was inevitable.  
The Range Rover slewed across the road again and when it hit the grass verge
  in the centre it bucked and when it hit the raised camber, mounted the kerb,
  hit the grass verge and crashed into the sturdy wooden fence on the far side
  of the road it hit it so hard that it shot into the air and when it came down
  again a few seconds later it crashed into the field so hard that the suspension
  was crushed and all four wheels buckled by the impact. The engine was still
  racing but with nothing left to propel it forward Bessie subsided into the
  mud, a beaten and battered giant.  
Finally even Heather had to admit defeat. There were tears in her eyes, she
  was shocked and angry but she had someone else to consider. Ally had hit her
  head hard on the roof when they had crashed and she was close to tears too.  
The black car had crashed through the fence after them but it had fared much
  better than Bessie and it was sitting just a few feet away from them now, the
  doors opening slowly  
 The already wired Ally screamed when she saw them.  
 Two silver figures were walking slowly and purposefully toward them carrying
  long silver rods in their hands.  
"What the fuck?" she was shaking and scared out of her wits. Lady Heather
  put a hand to her forehead because it was throbbing and was shocked to see
  blood on her fingers. She wanted to fall apart too but she couldn't for Ally's
  sake  
"I don't know sweetheart but we have to get out of here now!" she said shakily
  but before she could do anything else the vehicle lurched and suddenly a figure
  was running, as fast as she had ever seen anyone run, across the field and
  towards the road. She couldn't quite see in the gloom but she guessed that
  that figure was barefoot.  
Angela must have been laying low in the back of the car and waiting for her
  chance  
Both Heather and Ally watched helplessly as she ran fiercely and bravely
  toward the relative safety of the road and even now she was running towards
  some headlights that had just appeared out of the murk Headlights that both
  they and she realised far too late belonged to an anonymous white van that
  was pulling up at the side of the road just as she reached the verge. At first
  it was obvious that she didn't comprehend the danger because she kept on running
  towards it.  
 It was only when the back doors were thrown open and a tall silver figure
  that could only be a woman came hurtling at her that she realised her mistake
  but it was too late, the long silver rod that she carried hit her first on
  her left breast, then on her right and was finally swung viciously into her
  crotch causing her to scream and then collapse to the ground  
 Realising that it was over Lady Heather turned to Ally who was crying silently,
  took her hand and held it tightly and put her free arm around her as both doors
  of the Range Rover were flung open and two figures clad entirely in silver
  beckoned them slowly out of the vehicle.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART TWO   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
RETRIBUTION   
 (PART TWO)   
BY   
WALLACE   
Lady Heather looked down at the girl crying in her arms. Fully aware that
  there were two people carrying some kind of weapon at each door of the car,
  she whispered in her ear  
" Honey, if they wanted to kill us we would be dead already, understand?" Ally
  moved her head against her shoulder, "Good girl, now turn around, look at the
  one your side and do whatever she says, okay?" Ally sniffled and nodded again, "And
  Ally?" Allison looked up at her, her eyes wide and full of tears. "Any more
  crying and I'm gonna spank your butt! Got it?" Ally looked up at her and did
  her best to smile. Heather patted her on the shoulder and then they both turned
  to face their captors.  
*  
"Interview with William Rodgers. Commencing O nine hundred hours, present
  are DI Emma Bannion and DS James Clarke. For the record, Mr. Rodgers has declined
  legal representation but understands that he may end this interview at any
  time and contact a solicitor if he so wishes. Would you please confirm that
  Mister Rodgers."  
It would be difficult to describe Emma's demeanour. One moment her eyes seemed
  to be full of almost religious fervour, the next there would be something suggesting
  betrayal, then there was the smugness of earlier on and then, something else.
  Was it hurt? Was it just that she knew something that I didn't?  
Perhaps paranoia is another thing I'm getting prone to as I get older as
  well.  
Not taking my eyes off her I nodded.  
Detective Sergeant Clarke, who had been sitting with his arms folded, his
  legs extended and crossed at the ankles and had allowed his eyes to hood over,
  roused from his seemingly somnolent posture.  
"For the benefit of the tape, Mr. Rodgers is nodding his head." I'd only
  known Jimmy Clarke for about twenty minutes but I'd warmed to him straight
  away. He was tall, balding and what you would call wiry I guess and he struck
  me as, well, almost human for a policeman. It had been Jimmy who had asked
  me if I wanted a coffee as soon as I had arrived, explaining that it came out
  of a machine and was therefore shit but was also hot and wet. And it was Jimmy
  who, realising I was still handcuffed had retrieved a key and unlocked them
  saying, not unkindly and with a broad grin, as I rubbed my sore wrists,  
 "Bet you're not used to being on the receiving end of them are ya mate?"  
And he was right, I definitely wasn't and even on the short drive to a place
  I passed nearly every day and had never even realised that there was a police
  presence inside, I had wondered just how Sheila could stand being cuffed for,
  in one case, days at a time.  
"Mr.Rodgers, " I was back in that small well-lit and windowless room again.
  It reminded me of some kind of bunker somehow. The walls were unplastered,
  unpainted and lined with grey breezeblocks and there was that smell, that indefinable
  smell that seems to be present in new buildings. One of the fluorescents in
  its modern silver unit was flickering occasionally which was annoying me, "do
  you know Sarah Catherine Beaumont?" I nodded,  
"Yes I do,"  
"And what relationship is she to you?"  
"A friend. Well, she was, I haven't seen her for nearly six months." Emma
  looked at me intensely.  
"Would you still describe her as a friend Mr. Rodgers?" I looked at her equally
  intensely.  
"Not really." Emma was moving in for the kill.  
"Why is that?" she asked sweetly. I sighed  
"Because I consider her to be partly responsible for the abduction, beating
  and sexual violation of two of my best friends." metaphorically she could taste
  blood but having tasted it she wanted more.  
"Mr Rodgers, can you account for your movements over the last four days?
  We know you've been in New York for just over a week but whilst the Federal
  Bureau of Investigation were able to track you up to and including Wednesday
  evening you then seem to have vanished off the face of the earth! Would you
  explain that?" So sweet, so innocent and she had me over a barrel. Yes, I could
  explain and it was going to embarrass me and probably kill off what was left
  of the relationship between us. I nodded slowly. If she had tasted blood before,
  now she could see it in the water.  
There was a slight squeak. Emma swivelled in her chair to watch the door
  opening and then turned back to the tape recorder at the side of the table
  around which we were sitting.  
"Detective Chief Inspector Martin has entered the room." He had presence.
  A tall man with salt and pepper hair, wearing a navy double-breasted suit,
  pale blue shirt and a red tie. He stooped and whispered something to Emma who
  in turn leaned over towards the recorder.  
"Interview terminated at O nine ten." And then she got up, switched off the
  tape recorder and walked out without a backward glance. The Chief Inspector
  sat down in her place and extended a hand.  
"Bob Martin." He said and indicated the man next to him who was still sitting
  with his arms folded, "You've met my Sergeant." His handshake was firm like
  most policemen, but he didn't try to break my hand like some do. He looked
  at me thoughtfully.  
"Tell me Bill, do you have any problems working with Inspector Bannion?" I
  looked at him. Working? He saw my slightly puzzled expression. "It's all right
  she's already declared an interest and asked to be taken off this case but
  I think that it might be better if she remained as your handler." I sat there
  shocked to the core. I'd read my spy books. I knew what a handler was.  
Emma!  
Emma was my handler.  
Emma had declared an interest.  
 In other words she had told all and sundry that she was sleeping with me.
  That she was fucking me or vice versa. Suddenly all that business on the first
  night came into focus. I had been puzzled and more than a little flattered
  by her interest.  
Attractive career woman.  
Older man who'd written the odd mucky book.  
 Now suddenly it all seemed very clear.  
Inside I was raging.  
"My handler?" And my voice did not come out properly, it was a dry croak
  but nobody mentioned it. The Inspector sat back in his chair.  
"Emma is aware that I intend to tell you what is going on. I'm not sure how
  much she expects me to tell you but it'll be more than I should and less than
  I ought but my hands are tied." He paused and looked around him," This department," he
  waved his hand, "is called C10 and I'm basically the head of it. My boss is
  Detective Chief Superintendent Ron Ramsey who deals with the politics and handles
  most of the fall out!" I looked at him.  
"C10? Never heard of it. So what are you, a secret department?" He smiled.  
" Officially we are SO31 but, like I said, DS Ramsey handles the politics
  and when he's asked about us he says that we're not a secret department but
  a department with secrets." He paused and smiled wryly, more to himself than
  anyone else. "We handle odd cases, the ones that require specialist knowledge,
  the ones that other units haven't the resources or the manpower, or just the
  wherewithal to deal with." Jimmy Clarke seemed to come out of his stupor again.  
"All the kinky ones," he said with a grin, "remember the Amazons in the shiny
  black cat suits who were robbin' security vans?" I looked at him blankly.  
"No, you probably wouldn't, the Guv'nor got it swept out of the papers after
  the second one and the London Eye. It didn't just get wrecked in that October
  storm like the papers said, it was a terrorist action well before 9/11, only
  it was home-grown terrorists but we managed to suppress it!" Chief Inspector
  Martin looked at his Sergeant thoughtfully and then leaned a little closer
  toward me. He seemed to have made an inward decision.  
"Emma Bannion is new to this department and she comes with the highest recommendation.
  We had two vacancies to fill because," He looked down at the table briefly, "I've
  just lost two good members of staff who both resigned suddenly, so Emma and
  her sergeant have taken their places. Now, I do things differently to her old
  boss, so I am making you aware of what's happening because I am going to need
  your help." There wasn't exactly pain in his eyes; it was concern more than
  anything else. That light fitting was flickering again and even though he was
  sitting behind it he said,  
"I thought they'd fixed that damn thing Jimmy!" Jimmy grinned,  
"They did but the ballast's gone," He stood up "tell ya what, I'll go and
  talk to Handy Trevor and on the way back I'll get the coffees all right?" He
  looked at me, "Milk and one?" I nodded, "Want yours black guv?" the Chief Inspector
  turned to him.  
" Yes Jimmy and use the freeze dried stuff not the granules, they taste like
  gravy! And see if there are any biscuits about would you? Only I can't remember
  the last time I ate!" Jimmy grinned again and left the room. Bob Martin steepled
  his fingers.  
"There are things you need to know Bill and the first is that the man you
  killed, the man WE thought&hellip;" I nodded automatically, I would never forget
  that and he could see the pain in my face, "Yes, well I'm sorry to tell you
  this but everyone was under the impression that he was a bouncer called Vincent
  Henry, as I'm sure you're aware." I nodded again and I could feel the apprehension
  building in my stomach, he blew out his cheeks, "Well in the last few days
  we've received intelligence that identifies him as Henry Vincent Walker," he
  looked at me bleakly, "He was actually Sue Chandler's step brother!"  
He let this sink in for a moment and I felt like I'd just been punched in
  the stomach. "Sue Chandler, bless her, was grooming him to take over from her
  brothers once she'd got them both out of the way. She believed that young Harry
  would do exactly what she told him and that with him as the nominal head of
  operations she could take over the whole Chandler Organization, because she
  also believed, rightly we think, that some of the people she would be dealing
  with, like the Yardies and the Snakeheads AND the various Mafias for that matter
  would not accept a woman as the head of a major crime syndicate."  
Fuck!  
I couldn't believe it.  
 Sue Chandler already blamed me, wrongly, for the death of her sister years
  ago and now I'd knocked off another of her clan intentionally. If the kidnappings
  of Linda and Sheila were her revenge for her sister's suicide what the hell
  would she do for the wilful murder of someone who was not only family but was
  pivotal to her plans to take over her brother's crime empire?  
 I rubbed my forehead in disbelief just as Jimmy came through the door with
  plastic cups in a plastic ring in one hand, a biscuit tin in the other and
  a sheath of papers under his arm. He put the cups and the tin on the table
  and flourished the papers.  
"Reports from Forensics guv'nor, it's pretty much how we thought, looked
  like it exploded but they're fairly sure it was torched, no traces as yet."  
Not for the first time that morning I was feeling more than a little confused.  
The Inspector looked at me kindly.  
"I know this is a lot to take in at once especially as most of it's not very
  pleasant." He took the papers from Jimmy and pulled a pair of reading glasses
  from his top pocket. He put them on and studied the notes in front of him for
  a few seconds, then he looked up.  
"Bill, does the registration number BES 51E mean anything to you?" I thought
  for a moment. Of course it did! Put together on a number plate so that the "S" and
  the "5" looked similar it spelt BESSIE, Linda's big green Range Rover, it was
  how she always referred to it or her.  
 I was already feeling pretty sick and remembering that Linda had let Lady
  Heather use BESSIE while she was in New York did not help at all.  
"Yes, it does, it's Linda's car, the one that&hellip;" something was wrenching
  at my gut.  
"The one that your friends were travelling to Whitby in?" He asked gently.
  I looked down at the floor.  
"Mmm." The Chief Inspector had obviously decided that the only way to deal
  with this was to plough through it and he did just that.  
" The remains of a burnt out Range Rover were discovered last night in a
  field near Whitby. Several motorists, including the driver of a skip lorry,
  witnessed incidents at approximately four O'clock in the afternoon that would
  suggest that attempts were being made to force the car off the road." Jimmy
  Clarke, who had taken up his previous position and had appeared to be dozing,
  suddenly came to life.  
"Any idea who might have been driving?" I smiled. I couldn't help it. Ally
  couldn't drive and Angela, although she seemed to spend a lot of her time on
  the Santa Monica freeway was not considered a safe driver by anyone. In fact
  Lady Heather had said that she would rather travel in a pine box to Whitby
  than let Angela drive her there. Then I realised the implications of that statement&hellip;  
"Lady Heather, Bishops wife, she was the only one who was really qualified&hellip;" Jimmy
  nodded slowly.  
" Well from what the Yorkshire boys are piecin' together, your mate Lady
  Heather seems to 'ave the driving prowess of Michael Schumacher and it looks
  like she's as stubborn as him an' all!" He grinned hugely, "At one point the
  tyre marks on the tarmac indicate she must 'ave done one hell of a hand brake
  turn in the middle of the road AND on a roundabout but," his voice became softer," if
  anything had been coming the same way&hellip;" he crashed his right fist into
  his open left palm, " they'd all've been finished!"  
"You're telling me they're not?" I said quietly. I was shaking now. Inspector
  Martin looked at me openly, he shook his head.  
"We don't think so, although they DID find half a dozen, spent, 9 millimetre
  cartridges on the grass verge." He sighed and carried on," From what information
  we have the Beaumont abduction and this seem to be related. In both cases we
  can place what appear to be women in silver suits at the scene and even though
  they DO bear certain similarities to your friends in the Range Rover we do
  NOT suspect either them or you!" He put his head to one side, " I don't think
  you've turned into a criminal mastermind overnight, but Emma arrested you for
  your own safety. She went to your flat of her own volition but she has my backing." My
  inference from that was that the Inspector did NOT approve but I didn't probe, " We
  were slightly concerned about your disappearance in New York but there was
  no intelligence to suggest that Sue Chandler had targeted you, YET! We've got
  some pretty reliable contacts who can tell us what contracts are out and on
  whom, so when you showed up again on Virgin Atlantic's computer this morning
  then we were quite relieved but Emma wanted to keep tabs on you. She wanted
  to make sure that your flat was safe but you got there before her, mix up in
  time zones."  
Was it a mix up?  
 I wondered.  
Both he and Emma seemed too sharp for that and it only added fuel to my suspicions
  about Emma.  
Jimmy joined the conversation.  
"Right now there's a bloke of your stamp, Ritchie Harris," he looked me up
  and down, "could be twins the pair of yer, in Leman Street Nick. Custody Sergeant's
  got him down for abduction under your name and he's going to stay there!" He
  saw my worried look, "Don't worry he'll get plenty of grub and he's getting
  paid for it," he turned to the Inspector, "Double bubble according to Roy King!" The
  Inspector winced; I assumed that the money was coming out of his budget. Jimmy
  turned back to me "Oh, and by the way, he's a traffic warden, so if ever anyone
  spanks you in the mouth for no reason&hellip;" I smiled but there wasn't a
  lot of mirth in it.  
"So what do I do?" The Inspector put both hands on the desk.  
"You," he said quietly, " are going back to New York, you're safer over there
  right now, " he put up a hand to stifle the objection that he knew was coming, "You
  are Bill you really are, I cannot tell you why just please accept it. You're
  much more use to me over there than you are here where Sue Chandler can get
  at you more easily," suddenly he was speaking in little more than a whisper.  
 "There are leaks. The Chandlers were always one step ahead of us but the
  information they are getting now is even more accurate than it was before and
  it can only come from one or more people WITHIN the Metropolitan Police Force!
  It's information that can only come from relatively well-placed sources as
  well. It could," and here he looked at Jimmy, " even be from inside this department,
  because we were coordinating the original kidnap although we weren't actually
  involved as such and Sue had access to data that only we were collating." Finally
  I was coming to the end of the tunnel.  
"So, " I said equally quietly and mentally referring to the Le Carres I'd
  read at school, "you've got a mole and you're using me to catch them!" And
  then it all finally dawned on me, "that's why Emma was so close to me on the
  original investigation. Because it was a vendetta personal to Sue Chandler
  you knew she'd want to contact me at some point and you hoped that she'd slip
  up." Bob Martin nodded.  
"We still do! And if you're in New York she HAS to contact you one way or
  another, she'll want her pound of flesh." I shook my head  
"No. She could just kill 'em. Sarah, Lady Heather, Ally and Angela she could
  kill 'em one at a time and send me the pictures!"  
"No! Not her style. Not her style at all. She hates you! As far she's concerned
  you killed her sister 15 years ago and now you've murdered her baby brother,
  the heir to the throne that she's never had access to and her only chance to
  get there! And now, like they used to say in the films, it's PERSONAL! YOU'VE
  screwed up her plans! YOU'VE made her look small in the eyes of the world!"  
" First she wants to weaken you by attacking the people closest to you and
  then she'll want YOU but she'll need to keep THEM alive so she can kill you
  in front of them, so she can reclaim her moral territory and to prove to all
  and sundry that she CAN! Pour encourager les autres!" I can't say that I wasn't
  chilled to the marrow because I was, even though I'd suspected as much myself.
  I turned towards the door because it was a new voice I had just heard.  
 A woman's voice.  
 A very confident, slightly husky woman's voice.  
She was standing in the now open doorway, I'd been looking down so the first
  thing I saw were red knee length boots with a pointed toe and a four inch heel
  which led to bare, tanned, knees and thighs, a shortish red leather skirt and
  a white peasant, half sleeved blouse. A cheeky face with soft peach coloured
  lips, a little button nose, brown eyes and short, boyish, brown hair completed
  the picture. Early thirties? She walked towards me letting the door close behind
  her and stuck out a hand,  
"Hi! Charlie Wright &ndash; Patterson," she indicated the two policemen, "I'm
  their resident shrink!"  
*  
It was like she was looking at something from another world, but to the best
  of her knowledge extra terrestrials don't dress in shiny PVC and wear high
  heeled, totally impractical for the terrain, boots and she wasn't even going
  to consider the very obvious breasts.  
It was dark and already a wind was starting to blow up around the remains
  of the range rover. The woman? Girl? In the silver cat suit was pointing what
  appeared to be a thin silver pipe with a handle and a two pronged fork at the
  end, at her and then taking two, maybe three, paces back.  
So she couldn't speak.  
 Or didn't want to.  
 But what she wanted was obvious; she wanted her to get out of the car. Heather
  knew she had to accept orders for the time being, although she hadn't expected
  them to come like this. She swung her long legs over until they rested on the
  door seal and then the silver girl gestured at her. Gestured at her feet with
  the silver pipe. Lady Heather was puzzled at first but then it occurred to
  her that the silver creature's companion who she could see out of the corner
  of her eye was making similar gestures to Allison, who was pale but holding
  up okay. The creatures might be mute but there was a good chance that they
  might be able to hear and understand English.  
She gave them her very best Californian drawl, which sounded pretty much
  the same as the Texan one in some respects but was infinitely less annoying.  
"What do you want me to do Honey?" She looked at the silver being. It was
  pretty obvious that she had registered and understood what she said and now
  she was gesturing at Lady Heather's feet with her silver stick. Heather looked
  down.  
"My boots?" Heather LOVED boots. She had pairs in every conceivable shape
  and texture. Snakeskin boots, Alligator boots, cotton boots, gold and silver
  lame boots, fur boots, moon boots. Ankle length, knee length, thigh length.
  She had them in black and brown and red and blue and white and yellow and pink
  and even green. She had them in high heels; she had them in low heels. She
  had several pairs with open toes that could look really, somehow, decadent.
  Some of them were the most comfortable things she had ever worn and some of
  them weren't but they always made her look and feel good.  
The ones she was wearing now were her driving boots, a pair of red cowboy
  boots, hand embroidered with a Cuban heel that she had had for something like
  fifteen years and that still fitted her like gloves.  
The silver creature was nodding slowly.  
"My boots?" She said again, "You want my boots?" The creature shook her head
  and Heather finally saw sense. "Oh! You want me to take OFF my boots!" The
  creature nodded enthusiastically. Behind her Allison was having pretty much
  the same trouble. As she began to pull off the first boot so Heather whispered
  to her younger companion.  
"They want your shoes honey!" Allison was dumbfounded.  
"Why?" Heather pulled the boot off and dropped it onto the floor below the
  dashboard, she sighed.  
"I guess it's because they don't want us running away baby! If we're barefoot
  we're less likely to go dashing off," she looked down into the muddy field
  and wrinkled her nose. "Especially in this!"  
"But&hellip;" Heather was insistent,  
"No "buts" sweetheart! You saw what happened to Angela, just take off your
  shoes and leave them in the car!" Today, like most days, Ally was wearing all
  black but she had opted for trousers with a huge flare rather than the short
  skirt and stockings that she normally wore and like Angela she was wearing
  high-heeled strappy sandals and her toenails, as usual, were painted black.
  Without another word she began to unbuckle her shoes.  
Lady Heather had now pulled off both her boots but the creature was still
  gesturing at her feet, she looked up at her and realised immediately what she
  wanted.  
"My socks? You want me take my socks of as well?" The creature nodded. Heather
  sighed and grateful that she had painted her toe nails that morning pulled
  off her socks and tucked each one into its appropriate boot. She looked down.
  Her feet always looked too small for her and with their scarlet nail polish
  they looked even more pale and delicate than usual. She looked back up at her
  captor.  
"Okay now?" The silver being nodded and took several paces back once more,
  indicating that she wanted her to step out of the stricken Range Rover.  
"You okay honey?" she asked Allison who seemed to have recovered a little.  
"I guess so!"  
"Okay now get out of the car and just do what they want. Shit!" she hadn't
  meant to say it but as she was talking to Allison she had looked up and seen
  the largest of the three creatures, weapon tucked into her belt, walking slowly
  towards them in the gloom, the inert body of Angela hanging limply in her arms.  
Heather watched as the creature drew level with the range rover and stopped.
  The white van was now driving slowly into the field. Heather turned to the
  silver being who was as tall as she was.  
"Is she okay?" The tall creature did not even turn. The white van was backing
  up towards them and even now she was shifting Angela's body in her arms in
  order, it appeared, to heave her into the back. Heather had had enough  
"ANSWER ME DAMMIT! IS SHE OKAY?" The smaller one put a hand on her shoulder
  more in a gesture of compassion than anything else but Heather was past compassion.
  Heedless of the fact that she was barefoot she slipped past her silver captor
  and moved quickly towards Angela. The tall one saw her coming and dumped Angela's
  body into the back of the van.  
She didn't even bother to draw her weapon. She strode forward, grabbed Heather
  by the arm and punched her hard in the face.  
Lady Heather may have been to better schools than Linda Hutton and her parents
  may have cared much more about her but she had still been raised to look after
  herself. Bare feet skidding in the mud she managed to steady herself and, clenching
  both hands together, delivered a blow to the silver ones stomach that doubled
  her up.  
Reluctantly, it seemed, the smaller silver creature that had been watching
  over Heather came forward now lifting the weapon that Heather already recognised
  as a cattle prod. The larger of the two was still doubled over. Heather wanted
  to grab Ally and run but she was standing watching her wide eyed with another
  smaller silver creature standing next to her cattle prod raised run and she
  couldn't leave without Angela and she couldn't leave Ally on her own.  
She straightened up and put up her hands.  
"Okay! Just let me see Angela and I'll&hellip;"  
The tallest silver creature punched her fiercely in the face again and then
  thrust the cattle prod hard into her crotch. So hard that Heather staggered
  backwards. She was unconscious before she hit the ground  
*  
"So when did you first find that you enjoyed tying up women?" I smiled, the
  question wasn't quite a blunt as it might sound. We were now in Charlie's office
  on the sixth floor of the Broadgate complex that was built around Liverpool
  Street station in the late eighties. The room was predominantly green and there
  were houseplants in every conceivable nook and cranny. The lighting was soft
  and the windows double-glazed to keep out traffic noise. The whole building
  was very warm but in here there was just a hint of air-conditioning keeping
  the room pleasantly cool.  
Below us was the Broadgate ice rink and even now, at roughly eleven in the
  morning on a crisp winters day two weeks after Christmas, there were already
  some hardy souls out on the ice.  
Charlie was smiling at me. I had been left in her care after the two policemen
  had been called away on other business and we had been chatting amicably for
  over half an hour. I knew what she was doing but she was probing me so pleasantly
  that it would have been churlish not to answer. I put my hands on the desk.  
"Charlie, I honestly don't know. When I was six I clearly remember having
  rubber fantasies and I haven't a clue how I came by them, girls, women, dressed
  entirely in rubber and chained up or tied up in dungeons, I was SIX years old
  for Christ's sake. There wasn't anything like that freely available in the
  late fifties; it's just always been there, in my head. Any TV programme where
  people got tied up got my interest straight away and when The Man From Uncle
  and The Avengers came along&hellip;" she propped her elbows on the desk and
  supported her chin on her joined fists.  
"Mmm, so you think you were born with it then?" I shook my head.  
"I don't know Charlie, I honestly don't know! It used to be like a curse,
  I used to be so ashamed of it&hellip;" She smiled  
"But you seem to have turned it around, you know, the books, the websites..." I
  sighed  
"Well, times have changed. People admit to reading and watching "stuff" now
  that was taboo a few years ago, in fact sometimes I think that maybe people
  give you a bit too much information about their little peccadilloes." I had
  no problems with what Charlie was asking me but I thought it was my turn to
  ask a question or two  
"What about you Charlie?" She looked at me,  
"Oh what? What do I think about pornography?"  
"No! When did YOU first find that you liked tying up women?" For a very short
  time she looked a little flustered and then she smiled broadly but didn't say
  anything. I don't really know why I did it; maybe I just wanted her to know
  and to report back that I was a little more perceptive than I looked. I smiled.  
"Only the way you look at Inspector Martin, the first impression is that
  you and he&hellip;" she laughed.  
"Oh Bob! Bob's a sweetie but&hellip;" I was feeling so very, very smug.  
"But you prefer your sweeties to have holes&hellip;" her expression was intentionally
  comical. If she were upset she didn't show it but I somehow felt that I'd hit
  the nail right on the head for once  
"And your inference is based on what exactly?" She chewed the end of her
  pen, I didn't back down.  
"On experience." She looked down at the desk for a moment and then she looked
  up  
"Your ex?" She asked, still smiling.  
"Mmm, among others, didn't know if she was Arthur or Martha!" Charlie pursed
  her lips.  
"And by that you mean?" She put down the pen  
"I mean that Sheila was and is bisexual and can NOT accept it. You, on the
  other hand and please don't think I'm being presumptive because I don't mean
  to be, seem very comfortable with it." She looked, right then, very, very sexual.
  She tossed back her head and her eyes were glittering.  
"Okay, so what would you say I was? You know, am I dominant or submissive
  or what?" There was some kind of chemistry between us right now. I could feel
  it and if she couldn't I would have been very surprised  
"I hate labels Charlie," for the first time she interrupted me.  
"Funnily enough," she said, with more than a twinkle in her eye, "that's
  exactly what Sheila said when I spoke to HER!" Now it was her turn to fluster
  me momentarily.  
"You spoke to Sheila?" It was hard to keep the surprise out of my voice.
  If SHE was smug she didn't show it.  
"Mmm. Whilst she was still in hospital. I had to assess her suitability as
  a witness. I thought we got on very well! I liked her and I think she liked
  me!" I smiled.  
"Birds of a feather! And I do NOT mean that unkindly!" Now she smiled.  
"No! I think you might be right!" She leaned forward and said quietly. "She
  still likes you, you know. In fact I shouldn't say this but I'd be very surprised
  if she wasn't still in love with you!" I pulled a face  
"Well she's got a funny way of showing it!" I grinned because I couldn't
  help it, "Even funnier than usual." Charlie spread out her hands.  
"Bill you have to remember that Sheila is not a demonstrative person." She
  saw my grin widen. "You KNOW what I mean. She has difficulty showing affection
  and she shows it in the only way she can - by arguing and generally bad mouthing
  people. Think about it! The two people that she argues with the most are her
  two best friends and lovers," She counted off on her fingers, "You&hellip;" I
  knew a little bit about doctor/patient confidentiality and I knew she couldn't
  tell me. I sighed a little  
"I know about Linda!" Her face remained neutral.  
"Thought you might."  
"Mmm, have done for a couple of years. Linda doesn't talk about it but I
  think she would tell me if I asked." Charlie pursed her lips.  
"And what about you and Linda, would YOU tell Sheila if SHE asked?" we locked
  eyes.  
"You've been talking to Sarah Beaumont!" Charlie held my gaze.  
"Couldn't possibly say!" I had nothing to hide because there WAS nothing
  to hide.  
"Linda and I get on, we get on very well, chalk and cheese maybe but nothing
  has ever happened between us!" I thought for a second and corrected myself, "Apart
  from the odd kiss. Sarah thought it had but by that time she was so paranoid
  about Linda and Sheila, and her and Sheila that she would have believed anything!" Charlie
  and I had still not broken eye contact," We've been out quite a bit but always
  as a threesome with Liz because we all seem to get on. And before you ask,
  I am not sleeping with Liz either." Suddenly something stirred inside me. "Charlie,
  does Sheila know all this? Is that why she's shutting me out?" Charlie folded
  her arms and sat back in her chair.  
"Bill, I think you have to look at the bigger picture here. She may have
  heard rumours about you and Linda but she didn't mention them to me. But just
  think about it for a second. You have just done the ultimate! Buying people
  chocolates or gifts or whatever is one thing. Making sacrifices for them is
  another. But when you KILL for someone, what else is left? What can she DO
  for you? You've killed someone for HER. How can she ever repay THAT? And how
  must it make her feel?"  
For a moment I didn't think I would be able to close my mouth, she had just
  turned my world upside down!  
"No Charlie that's wrong! She's wrong! I didn't kill for HER. I killed another
  person because he was about to kill Niles and ultimately me. At that moment
  Sheila didn't even come into it!" Charlie reached forward and took hold of
  my hand.  
"That's not how SHE sees it. I know what you're saying and I completely agree
  but my opinionated guess, my fairly educated guess, based on one session, is
  that she is suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder." Suddenly her eyes
  were soft and sympathetic. "Your comment earlier? About her not knowing whether
  she was Arthur of Martha? It couldn't be more apposite right now. At this moment
  she is questioning EVERYTHING in her life including you, including Linda, including
  her whole attitude to her own sexuality. She is undergoing a kind of mental
  housecleaning. You MUST give her time Bill. She needs that more than anything
  right now and don't worry about Sam. COM!&hellip; I put her in touch with them!" She
  let this sink for a moment, "I know BJ personally and he WILL not harm her,
  I promise you that, but she needs some form of release and judging from her
  comments when I interviewed her I think this is exactly the release she needs!" then
  that mischievous look came back. "Oh and give Amy my love when you see her!" Dumbfounded
  might not quite have covered how I felt but it wasn't too far off.  
Charlie patted my hand, looked away for a few seconds and then said,  
"Now, where were we? Oh yes you were going to tell me," she smiled,  
 Not sarcastically, "Without labelling me, what you thought I was and I have
  to admit that I've just given you a fairly big clue!" I couldn't help smiling
  back at her  
 "Well Charlie, bearing in mind what you HAVE just said, I'd say that you
  were a switch. That you were dominant with other women and submissive with
  men!" The temperature in the room seemed to have risen a little. She leaned
  across the desk and said quietly,  
"And would you like me to be submissive to you?" I shivered but I had to
  be honest.  
"I don't consider myself to be dominant, I don't expect anyone to bow or
  scrape or grovel to me!" I said equally quietly. She was more or less in my
  face now and still smiling.  
"So, not like most men then!" She said in a whisper and more to herself than
  anyone else, she was somehow looking up into my eyes giving her just the tiniest
  suggestion of compliance. "I don't bow or scrape or grovel to anyone," she
  said a little more loudly and I swear that she licked her lips, "But I do as
  I'm told sometimes," was it me or were her eyes twinkling? " Just sometimes!" Now
  she was sucking at the end of her pen and I'm sure it was just my imagination
  that saw her treating it as if it were an erect penis. She changed tack.  
"So you don't think of yourself as dominant." She sucked on the pen again. "You
  do in your books!" I was about to express surprise that she'd actually read
  them, I didn't get time "Maybe YOU'RE a switch. Maybe you're really a submissive!" I
  shook my head vigourously.  
"No I'm not!" But Charlie was quick to take the advantage.  
"Sure you're not in denial? Sure you're not suffering from the same problem
  as Sheila?"  
Before I could answer Chief Inspector Martin walked in followed closely by
  Sergeant Clarke.  
"Sorry to interrupt Charlie but I've just been speaking to Keith Hartnell,
  Crime Reporter at The Sun, he got these pictures attached to an unsigned and
  unidentifiable email about 15 minutes ago!" He spread them out on the desk
  in front of us. Charlie picked up one and studied it, her expression blank.
  I tentatively touched one and looked at the Inspector.  
"Yes of course, " He said, "you can probably throw more light on them than
  we can!" I picked it up. It was colour and printed on photographic quality
  printer paper. It was a good likeness. The background was fuzzy but the subject
  was clear enough. It was a woman. A woman in her late thirties to early forties.
  A large but attractive woman with very large breasts wearing just a large disposable
  nappy her head covered by a PVC baby bonnet. Her eyes were closed and she was
  sucking contentedly on a large dummy. I looked back at the Inspector.  
"Recognise her?" He asked. I nodded  
"Yes, " I put down the picture because I'd seen enough, "It's Sarah. Sarah
  Beaumont." He nodded and looked down at the floor briefly.  
"I thought so!" He handed me a piece of paper, it was a copy of an email
  and it took a little time to decipher even though it consisted of only fourteen
  words.  
 "can U reely trust a witnes like this praps U shuld ask the Chandlers!" I
  looked at him.  
"And that was all?"  
"Mmm. That was all. Didn't HAVE to say much else. Keith is aware of the Chandler
  situation although we managed to keep the last kidnap out of the papers. He
  is NOT going to print these because he's a responsible journalist but he IS
  going to show the photos and the email to Sue Chandler's solicitor and I have
  to say that I don't think he has any option." Now it was my turn to look at
  the floor, "and before you say anything you should know that Sue is likely
  to be released on bail this afternoon anyway. They've set it at a couple of
  million but that's probably a day's turnover for her. She's getting out on
  a technicality and also on compassionate grounds. It doesn't look as if Kevin
  Chandler will see out the week."  
Straight as ever Jimmy Clarke put down the photograph he had been holding.  
"And to be honest when the CPS see these they might start to wonder how sturdy
  a case they've got all together. Adult babies are pretty laughable in the eyes
  of the public. Someone, probably Sue Chandler, is doing their best to discredit
  Sarah, that's probably why she was kidnapped! These won't stay secret for long;
  they'll probably end up on the Internet eventually." He rubbed his nose thoughtfully.  
 "The defence are certainly going to try and pull Linda Hutton apart because
  in their eyes she's an ex hooker and we know that she's not exactly unknown
  to the some of the major players in the East End, some high up members of the
  MET AND a couple of High Court Judges, in fact word was that the prosecution
  were very iffy about putting her on the stand at all and that just leaves Sheila!" He
  paused, as if choosing his words, "From what Emma tells us and judging by Charlie's
  assessment there's a good chance that she might be considered to be an unreliable
  witness." He looked at me, "Come on Bill gissa straight answer, what's your
  opinion of Sheila in the witness box?" I rubbed the back of my neck; it was
  something that had been worrying me for weeks.  
"Well she's mercurial at best. No matter how much you coach her if she thinks
  the defence is giving her shit she'll throw it right back at them!" Charlie
  looked concerned.  
" We could consider Vallium before she goes in the box." I knew she was only
  being helpful.  
"Charlie you'd need more than Vallium. I suspect that you could give Sheila
  all the drugs that Sue Chandler sells in a day and it wouldn't make the slightest
  iota of difference!" Charlie sat back in her chair.  
"And that's why you love her so much isn't it?" I know I went red, I could
  feel the flush in my cheeks and I nodded.  
*  
The first thing she saw were two silver beings with long silver weapons on
  their laps sitting opposite her and she had to concentrate hard for a few seconds.
  She must have been dragged upright because she was in a sitting position. Her
  head was resting on something. Something that felt soft and smelt nice. She
  moved her head a little. Her head was on Ally's bare shoulder. She looked down
  at Heather her face a mask of concern.  
"How do you feel?" Heather's reply was instant.  
"Stupid! Totally dumb. I'm sorry Ally, I really am." She felt something touch
  her right shoulder. Something that was also soft. She turned and saw Angela
  fully awake, naked, her hands tied behind her back and gagged with a big solid
  ball gag.  
"Ange! You okay honey?" she whispered softly. She wanted to stroke her hair
  and then realised that her hands were tied also. Angela mewed through her gag
  and put her head on Heather's shoulder again. Heather whispered "Good girl!" to
  her and turned her head to Ally once more, noticing as she did so that Ally's
  hands were also tied but that she was wearing underwear, black underwear of
  course, black mesh Gossard panties and a black mesh bra that barely contained
  her generous breasts. She like the others was also barefoot. She guessed Heather's
  next question.  
"I had to undress Angela and you! Like your stuff by the way," Heather looked
  down, she was wearing a low cut violet bra and a deep cut violet thong, " and
  then I had to take my own clothes off. Angela didn't HAVE any underwear on
  that's why she's naked and they gagged her because once she regained consciousness
  she wouldn't stop abusing them!" Heather turned to Angela who was still nestled
  into her.  
"You GO girl!" she whispered and kissed her gently on the top of the head.
  Angela snuggled even further into her. Heather felt a hand on her right shoulder.
  One of the two silver beings was standing next to her looking at her somehow
  questioningly. Then she moved her hand and lightly stroked Heather's cheek.
  Quite dumbfounded Heather looked at Ally for answers whilst the other silver
  creature looked on, saying and doing nothing.  
Ally looked up at the silver one.  
"She's okay! She's really is! She was worried about you and Ange but neither
  of them can speak. It's the tall one that's the bastard and she's in front!" She
  motioned with her head to what Heather realised must be the front of the large
  white van, that seemed to double as some kind of ambulance. The three of them
  sat on the movable stretcher whilst the two silver creatures sat on the chairs
  provided for the paramedics and nurses.  
The one in front of her stroked her cheek again and moved her head questioningly.  
Reluctantly Heather nodded her head.  
"Yeah I'm okay I guess but that&hellip;" the silver one put a hand over her
  mouth and a finger to her own lips. She looked at her for a few moments and
  moved her head questioningly. Heather understood and nodded her head in agreement.
  When the creature took her hand away she said.  
"Okay, honey I won't say anymore." satisfied, the silver creature sat down
  again. Very, very quietly Heather whispered to Ally,  
"If I get the chance the big one is dead meat!" Ally looked at her for a
  few seconds and then, like Angela, rested her head comfortably on Heather's
  left shoulder and closed her eyes.  
*  
"Well. Have we heard from either of them?" Charlie's voice  
"No! Gerda contacted O last Monday and O contacted us. Something was going
  off, Gerda was absolutely sure of that and O had suspicions too but neither
  of them could say much and since then nothing!" Inspector Martin.  
"Do you think they're involved in any of this stuff?" Charlie. There was
  a pause.  
"I think Gerda might be." The Inspector again  
" Well Sir Steven's still on the Costa Del Crime sunning 'imself&hellip;" Jimmy  
" &hellip;and we all know where Mistress Antoinette is!" Inspector Martin.  
I had excused myself on the grounds of wanting a pee but had phoned the Bishop
  to find out the latest. The door to Charlie's office was ajar when I got back
  and I couldn't stop myself from listening.  
"Well, what d'you think?" the Inspector again.  
"He's up for it. Deep down he's angry, but he's rational and his experiences
  have changed him, I'd say for the better." It was Charlie, "He hasn't come
  to terms with killing someone yet&hellip;."  
"Don't think you ever do luv!" Jimmy  
"No. Agreed. But he CAN live with himself. He's also extremely aware of what's
  going on around him. Probably on the border line between very astute and totally
  paranoid&hellip;" Charlie  
"That means he must have sussed you out STRAIGHT away!" Jimmy.  
"Don't look so smug Jimmy. It took you nearly three years!" Charlie again.
  there was a pause "One thing I would say Bob. He's honest. Very honest. Perhaps
  too honest."  
"What? You mean he'd never be a copper then?" Jimmy, "Or never get past DCI
  anyway!" I could imagine him grinning at the Inspector. Charlie was speaking
  again  
"Bob I know this was partly my idea and I know we're being as straight as
  we can but we are really putting him in a very difficult position and expecting
  him to act the right way." There was a pause and then the Inspector spoke.  
"I know Charlie and I agree but we've run out of options. I don't think O
  and Gerda are in any danger YET neither is he, YET, but his friends are, Bettie
  is and so is Mistress Antoinette. I will keep all of them as safe as I possibly
  can&hellip;bugger!" The phone was ringing, "Answer that Charlie and tell them
  we've gone abroad for a week or something!"  
I trusted the Inspector.  
 Rightly or wrongly I trusted all three of them, him, Jimmy and Charlie the
  dominant forensic psychiatrist but one thing I had noticed was that Emma had
  not once been mentioned unless she was one the people they spoke of in code
  names.  
O and Gerda were two famous literary slaves. Sir Steven was O's Master and
  Mistress Antoinette was a real life dominant who spanned nearly thirty years.
  But Bettie? Who was Bettie? Staying on the same theme, the only Bettie I could
  think of was Bettie Page, the original bondage starlet but who were they really?" I
  pushed open the door and walked in as discreetly as I could, wondering whether
  I was going to get any answers.  
*  
Jimmy looked at me archly. It was early afternoon now and the sun was so
  bright that Charlie had had to close the blinds.  
"Okay sunshine any questions?" I shook my head.  
"Well it's not exactly rocket science! I go to New York and wait to be contacted,
  although personally I think you're barking up the wrong tree! They could just
  as well contact me here." The Inspector was forthright  
"They could just as well KILL you here. You have to trust me Bill, the FBI
  are a much safer pair of hands right now than we are. We HAVE to trace the
  source of the leak and you can help. Just stay put over there, go and find
  Sheila and if at all possible I want you to keep HER there as well." I raised
  my eyebrows. He raised his, "We'll pay REASONABLE expenses. It's worth it just
  to keep her in place and who knows&hellip;" I smiled genuinely,  
"Sorry Inspector, I'll give it a go but I can't guarantee she'll want to
  spend much time with me." Charlie had donned a pair of glasses that made her
  look totally different, somehow bookish and perhaps even more alluring.  
"You never know until you try Bill, romantic weekend in The Big Apple, it
  might rekindle old fires." I shrugged  
"Yeah and it might start World War three!" Charlie and the Inspector laughed
  and Jimmy pursed his lips.  
"Well, just do yer best okay?" I nodded, "Now we've got you on the nine o'clock
  out of Stansted tonight." I looked puzzled  
"Stansted?" He grinned  
"Yeah, they fly to New York from there but it's a cargo flight, the old pilots'll
  love you, they'll have someone different to talk to!" He adopted a conspiratorial
  tone, "And if you're a good boy they might even let you fly the plane for a
  bit!" I smiled  
"What happens when I get to New York?" Jimmy was full of himself.  
"You're a very lucky man! You've got your own personal customs officer. A
  geezer called Joe Lebowski. He'll meet you off the plane and check you in.
  Apparently he's massive and smokes big smelly cigars but he'll have ID and
  make sure you see it, okay?"  
 I was about to ask what happened next but the theme from Thunderbirds stopped
  me. I cursed myself for not putting the phone on vibrate but Jimmy smiled.  
"It's alright mate, go outside and answer it. There's a rest room just down
  the corridor," He looked at his watch, "should be empty this time a day."  
I walked slowly from the room raising the phone to my ear as I did it and
  heard a voice I had not been expecting.  
"Hey Big Guy! How are ya?"  
"Amy Hi! Look Amy, this is a bit difficult to explain, I would have called
  you earlier but something happened."  
"Don't tell me! You got arrested, right?" Well, it's the sort of thing you
  say to people and 99 times out of a hundred it ain't true.  
"Er, right first time!" A pause. A long one.  
"You're serious?"  
"Very!"  
"Have you been hitting people again?"  
"No! Look Amy, it's a long story but I'm coming back to New York."  
"When?" Might have been my imagination but she sounded genuinely pleased.  
"Tonight!"  
"Hey that's great! BJ wants to talk to you!"  
"Wants my ass more like!" I was taking that sort of slow plod that you do
  when you're too busy concentrating on your mobile to worry too much about walking
  properly and I was just turning into the rest room. There was a water cooler
  and a fridge and some comfortable chairs that had seen better days, you know
  the kind of thing and there were also two bags. Two holdalls that looked remarkably
  like mine.  
"No Bill he wants to talk, guess he's got a sort of..." the reception had
  cut out. Fairly normal in London but transatlantic calls were normally free
  of it  
"Amy! You still there?"  
"Yeah sure, anything wrong&hellip;" it cut out again and this time there
  seemed to be a buzzing noise on the line which was followed by the arrival
  of Emma.  
"Are these anything to do with you?" I hissed. She nodded a little haughtily.  
"I was asked to pack you some stuff because you wouldn't be going back home.
  Why? Problem?" Amy was still trying to get through. And the buzzing was even
  louder.  
"Bill are you still &hellip;"  
But by then I had already thrown down the phone and launched myself at Emma
  who screamed, called me an arsehole and crashed to the floor with me on top
  of her.  
The bomb exploded about five seconds later.  
*  
"Are you sure you're okay with this?"  
"Oh, don't be so daft! Of course I am Linda!" Liz fixed her with a steady
  gaze, "Look New York was great! But right now we're both more use over here.
  I count Bishop as a friend as much as you do, okay?"  
They were standing on the twentieth floor of a car park in Tobacco Dock.
  They had slipped back into the capital through London City Airport in Docklands
  and now they were picking up Linda's second car, which they had left there
  something like two weeks previously. When Liz had asked if it would be okay
  as they were parked at the top in the open air and there seemed to be no other
  cars around, Linda had just winked rather annoyingly and suggested that she
  was calling in a favour.  
Despite the coldness of the day it was very bright. Liz slipped on her sunglasses.  
"The view up here is fantastic! Look, there's that Gherkin thing, oh and
  there's Ken's Glass Testicle!" Linda stood next to her, gloved hands on her
  hips. She was wearing a knee length burgundy leather skirt, matching jacket
  and burgundy over the knee boots with a five-inch heel. She also wore a matching
  leather waistcoat and a black blouse.  
"The "Gherkin" is the Swiss Re building and "Ken's Testicle" is the London
  Assembly, " she turned her head away from Liz and scoffed, "Huh! Call yourself
  a producer? Y'know Jack Shit!" and then she turned back and smiled." Have you
  thought about what I said?" Liz looked at her, a little comically, Linda thought.  
 She was wearing tight black pants, soft brown furry boots to her knee, a
  brown suede bomber jacket with a huge furry collar and sunglasses.  
"Yes I have, but Linda you know what my problem is, I like you, I like you
  a lot, I might even&hellip; but I'm just not ready&hellip;" Linda looked at
  her sternly.  
"Whaddyou think I am, some rampant old dyke?" Liz studied her, dressed, as
  always, from head to toe in leather and smiled to herself. Dyke was not the
  word that sprang to mind right now. She shook her head. Linda was looking in
  the direction of Tower Bridge. A chilly wind was starting to blow around them. "Liz,
  get this straight, I am not asking you to move in with me for sex, I'm asking
  you to move in because&hellip;because it makes sense! Where I live is central
  to The City and the West End and we both need someone around &ndash; I've got
  two spare bedrooms you know that!" Liz smiled  
"Oh what? You mean we can't sleep in that double bed and read the paper to
  each other like Morecambe and Wise used to!" Linda smacked her hard on the
  backside but she was laughing.  
"Bollocks Liz if you can't&hellip;" but Liz had moved a little closer.  
"Linda I WANT to move in with you! I maybe want to do other things as well&hellip;maybe&hellip; but
  I can't get the sex thing right in my head yet! God knows I didn't have a string
  of men lining up for me but, well, my parents, they're still alive, just about,
  and they're a different generation, you know that&hellip;" Putting aside the
  fact that Liz had not been quite so reticent in a New York hotel bedroom with
  Sheila, Linda took her by the shoulders.  
"Two women living together, happens all the time, don't mean they're shoving
  dildoes up each other or rimming each other or licking each other's fannies&hellip;" Liz
  did her best to keep a straight face.  
"Yes, yes, very succinctly put dear!" Deep down she knew that right now she
  needed Linda in her life because Linda had changed that life, for the better
  and beyond all recognition. She leaned forward and kissed her gently on the
  cheek, then she sighed.  
"Yes Linda, I will move in with you!" Linda punched her playfully on the
  shoulder and grinned hugely.  
"You know it makes sense!" Liz grinned back  
"Yes, Del Boy, I suppose it does." She looked thoughtful. "And at least if
  I'm around I can try and keep YOU out of trouble." She turned suddenly as she
  heard the noise of a car revving it's way up the inclines of the car park and
  sounding very close. She turned to Linda. " I thought you said nothing comes
  up here."  
"It don't! Nothing gets past the sixth floor, apart from us. Might be the
  Old Bill checking us out, let's get going!"  
 They picked up their bags and packages and moved towards the silver, sporty
  looking German car that was parked in the far corner but before they could
  reach it a black 4x4 with thick, black, bull bars attached came bouncing off
  the ramp and headed straight for them, behind it came a black Harley Davidson
  whose rider was dressed entirely in black leather. Linda saw it first and she
  had already dropped her bags and was sprinting towards the car.  
"Run Liz!" but Liz didn't follow orders well, she was too used to giving
  them. Thirty seconds ago the roof of the car park had been a haven of tranquillity
  now it was a cauldron of noise and exhaust smoke.  
Liz had dropped her bags and their packages on the ground. The motorcyclist
  was circling them and the 4x4 had slowed down but was moving inexorably towards
  her. Linda had reached their car and not for the first time she felt powerless
  as the black vehicle closed in on Liz who was rummaging furiously on the floor.
  Suddenly she stood up; Linda was already running back towards her as she saw
  the front door of the 4x4 open slowly.  
"This must be what happened to Heather and the others!" Liz shouted, "Here
  catch!" Linda was taken by surprise but she managed to catch the object all
  the same. She couldn't help smiling. In her hands was a twelve-foot, sixteen
  strand, and oiled Kangaroo hide Snake Whip that she had bought in New York.  
 Snake Whips were slower and less accurate than Bull Whips but right now
  she wasn't worried about that. She unfurled it, weighed it in the palm of her
  hand, spread her legs and turned slowly in the direction of the motorcyclist
  and cracked it in the air three times as if to signal that she was ready.  
Liz meanwhile had finished her rummaging and had dropped into a low crouch
  holding the black cordless violet wand that she had bought when Linda had fallen
  in love with the snake whip. Violet wands had been around for years but this
  one delivered a much stronger shock and had a metal rather than a glass ultra
  violet end. The sparks they sent out could also be used to ignite flammable
  liquids, Liz grabbed the bottle of surgical alcohol she had also bought and
  dropped it into the pocket of her jacket just in case.  
Linda edged toward the motorcyclist, wishing that the black visor did not
  cover his or her face because she wanted to see their fear but it didn't really
  matter too much. She raised her arm, cracked the whip, aimed and bought it
  down just inches from the Harley Davidson's front wheel. The rider saw it coming
  and had no option but to take evasive action in case it made contact. One foot
  on the ground handling the bike like a speedway rider and revving furiously
  they turned the bike in on itself and sent it hurtling back towards Linda.  
Liz could see that the 4x4 intended to pin her up against the wall of the
  car park, realising that she was being hampered by the sunglasses she threw
  them on the floor and muttered "Bollocks!" as two hundred and fifty pounds
  worth of Louis Vuitton shades were crushed under the unforgiving wheels of
  the black vehicle. The passenger door was fully open now and already she could
  see a silver boot with a high heel making contact with the ground. She rolled
  again and dragged herself up behind the creature in the shiny silver PVC suit
  and rounded silver mask.  
Liz was not going to stand around and chat, she raised the wand and threw
  herself at the silver woman, it was only then that she realised that she too
  was carrying a weapon.  
Not even bothering to think whether the PVC suit would afford the creature
  any protection, she lashed out with the Violet Wand that she had earlier turned
  up to full power, striking the creature in the areas where she hoped she would
  be most vulnerable. She struck out at her tits once, twice, three times and
  was relieved to see her cringe signifying that the creature was obviously vulnerable
  to pain.  
 She reacted but she didn't make a sound.  
Liz ducked down again, going for the weakest spot, hoping to disable her
  attacker for long enough to help Linda. She jabbed the wand at her victim's
  crotch, holding it close but not quite touching so that the electric sparks
  could jump and feeling the creature literally vibrate with pain and writhe
  against the wand, which she would have pushed up into the soft sensitive membranes
  of her cunt if she had been able.  
 She felt more than a little satisfaction when the creature doubled over
  in agony and collapsed on the floor but it wasn't over. Door swinging open
  the car was now reversing and reversing very, very fast. So fast that the tyres
  were screeching on the pitted concrete surface of the car park  
Linda waited until the last moment and then she jumped out of the motorcyclist's
  way, the cycle zoomed past her and had to brake hard to avoid hitting the low
  brick wall at the far end. Apparently fearless, Linda advanced towards the
  motorcycle swirling the whip around and around above her head. Then she jerked
  her right hand violently and sent the whip cracking into the body of the motorcyclist.
  She guessed that one strike through the thick leathers that he or she wore
  would not hurt them too badly but that wasn't her plan. Before the rider could
  recover she steadied her aim and cracked off another shot. This time she wasn't
  aiming for the body &ndash; she was aiming for the head.  
The silver creature was beginning to stir but Liz was more concerned about
  the 4x4 that was literally screeching toward her. She had never played chicken
  before but now she was it and she was looking straight at a set of bull bars
  that could crush her. The noise of the engine was ringing in her ears. She
  could hear Linda shouting at her,  
"Liz! Get out of the way! Get OUT of the fucking way!"  
 She left it until the very last moment because she wanted to make sure.  
She wasn't doing this for herself she was doing it for Linda. she doubted
  if even she could take another beating like the one she had had before and
  she wasn't going to let her. Only one thing was in her mind now.  
She had to save Linda.  
She could literally feel the heat of the engine when she finally threw herself
  to one side; automatically putting out an arm to save herself and hearing something
  crack as she hit the ground awkwardly.  
 Tears in her eyes, she rolled over and heard the grinding, grating and immensely
  satisfying crash as the 4x4 hit the wall at something like sixty miles an hour,
  shattering the radiator and causing the bonnet and wings to concertina into
  the main body of the vehicle.  
 Engine noise ricocheting of the walls, the motorcycle was coming at Linda
  but Linda would not get out of the way. She aimed the whip once more and brought
  it crashing down onto the rider's helmet. This time they reacted as she knew
  they must. The cycle skidded dangerously, at one point keeling over to an angle
  of something like twenty degrees to the ground. The rider corrected but she
  was pleased to see them shaking their head vigorously as if to clear it.  
She was deliberately lashing the whip at the rider's most vulnerable area
  and although the helmet they wore was designed to withstand impacts, it could
  only take so much. And she knew just how much damage a whip in the right hands
  could do.  
Liz stood up unsteadily, her arm was numb and hung limply by her side, she
  could walk but it was painful.  
Only the bull bars had saved the black vehicle from being completely wrecked
  but she didn't know what condition the driver was in Even now the prone silver
  creature on the floor was trying to get up, Liz bent down and thrust the violet
  wand into her crotch again, wanting to hear her scream but only seeing her
  writhe in what had to be acute pain.  
Hot scalding steam was spattering out of the 4x4's radiator and the engine
  had died but the car park was still not quiet, it echoed with the roar of the
  motorcycle and with horror Liz realised that it was now coming at her full
  pelt  
She knew she was in shock.  
She knew her arm was broken.  
 Even putting her foot to the floor sent shock waves of pain through her
  body. For the motorcyclist this was a revenge-motivated attack, and she could
  not get away in time  
Tears in her eyes, Liz looked straight at the charging motorcycle and then
  she heard Linda's voice,  
"Oh no you don't, you cunt!"  
 She heard the whip crack once.  
One moment the motor cycle was heading straight for her, the next it was
  leaping up into the air and away from her as the rider, the single strand of
  the snake whip embedded in their neck, was yanked out of the seat and brought
  crashing to the ground. She ducked, wincing in pain as she did so and felt
  the Harley Davidson whiz past her, fly over the perimeter wall and go crashing
  into the street below. She heard the screech of brakes as cars tried to avoid
  it and then a roar as the petrol tank exploded on impact with the ground. She
  raised herself up and surveyed her once peaceful surroundings.  
The motorcyclist lay deadly still on the floor.  
 Linda was still trying to uncoil the whip from around the their neck.  
 The silver creature was on her feet and at the driver's door of the black
  vehicle.  
Linda was standing up now, she shouted across to her.  
"Are you all right?" the reaction was already kicking in, Liz shook her head.  
"No! I feel like shit and my arm's broken&hellip; apart from that I'm fine!
  Linda, just call the police and let's get&hellip;" she didn't finish because
  bouncing off the entry ramp came another vehicle, a large white van this time.
  Having finally freed her whip Linda raised it but the back doors were open
  before she could react and another silver creature appeared, a much taller
  one this time, and ran straight for Liz.  
Liz screamed as the creature grabbed her broken arm and pulled her by it
  towards the van. In the grip of the worst pain she had ever felt Liz used the
  only option left to her, holding the wand in her mouth she dug into her pocket
  with her good hand and grabbed the bottle of alcohol, loosening the top with
  her fingers as she did it. As soon as the bottle was out of her pocket she
  threw it at the silver creature dousing it in alcohol. Dropping the bottle
  to the floor she grabbed the wand and holding it on full power touched the
  creature with it.  
It screamed more in shock than in pain as the alcohol ignited, blackening
  the silver suit and giving Liz just enough time to aim the wand at its neck,
  roughly where she hoped the carotid artery was. The creature recoiled in pain,
  kicked her in the stomach and was aiming again but the first blow of Linda's
  whip across its back stopped the attack before it could properly start  
 This creature screamed in pain and screamed again and again as Linda's whip
  fell repeatedly across its shoulders and buttocks.  
Engine still running, the van had turned and one of its windows had been
  rolled down.  
 Linda saw it first and shouted at the top of her voice.  
"They've got a gun Liz, get down!" Barely able to move Liz threw herself
  agonisingly to the floor. The taller creature had forgotten about her now and
  was dragging the prone motorcyclist toward the white van whilst the smaller
  creature helped her companion who had been driving the 4x4 out of the vehicle
  and in the same direction. Whoever was in the passenger seat of the van opened
  fire and raked the car park with bullets.  
 Linda and Liz could only stay flat on the floor and pray that they would
  not be hit.  
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART 3)   
BY   
WALLACE   
I was coughing a lot, I remember that much and the air was full of smoke
  and smelt bad, like burning rubber. My ears were ringing and there was stuff
  on top of me. Not heavy stuff, I guessed it must be broken ceiling tiles. Emma
  was moving underneath me.  
"Ow! Get off me! It feels as if you've crushed my ribs!" I wasn't really
  fully conscious, I don't think.  
"You never used to complain. What's the matter? Am I "handling" you wrong?"  
"Bastard!"  
"Alright you two! You're both in shock. Bill, I want to get you off of Emma
  if I can. Can you feel your arms and your legs? Can you move them? Gently now!" Charlie
  was kneeling beside us in the remains of the Rest Room already wearing disposable
  rubber gloves. A couple of the lights had been broken but apart from some local
  damage, like the scorched and blistered counter where the bags had been, the
  place looked fairly intact. I tried a few experimental moves that Emma took
  the brunt of.  
"My legs and arms are okay but my back feels like it's on fire!"  
"So does my chest!"  
"Oh shut up Emma! If you thought a bit more about other people's feelings
  we might not be in this mess!"  
"And that means what exactly?" I didn't answer because right then I wasn't
  too sure myself, but it is always unwise to ignore a woman when she is asking
  questions, and Emma was no exception. "Well bollocks to you! Just walk out
  of here and get yourself bloody killed&hellip;" I wasn't in the mood for this.  
"With you around that seems likelier by the minute. I mean how did the bomb
  get in my bag in the first place?" The question hung heavily in the air for
  what seemed like several minutes. But finally Emma answered.  
"Are you accusing ME? Are you saying I did it?" she said in disbelief. Her
  voice grew quiet, "You utter, utter, fucking arsehole!" Well I WAS in shock.  
"Can't see anyone else around I distrust that much!" Now I'd done it. There
  was a long, long pause.  
"Well, fuck you! You ungrateful bastard! Fuck you! That miserable bitch you're
  always pining after is welcome to you!" Now there was a sneer in her voice, " But
  even SHE doesn't want you anymore does she?" to say that I'd hurt her would
  be an understatement. she was sniffing back tears that she didn't want me to
  see.  
 And how did I feel?  
Satisfied, pleased with myself, smug. Like the horrible bastard that I am
  sometimes, that maybe we all are occasionally.  
I'd taken a lot recently.  
Sheila and Linda had been kidnapped and I'd killed someone getting them back.
  Then I'd just found out that I probably had a price on my head because of it
  and now Heather and Ally and Angela were missing and so was Sarah Beaumont.
  I'd lost Sheila, the impossible woman I knew I loved. I'd also just been blown
  up, the woman that I thought I loved probably didn't love me, probably shagged
  me because she was told to and there was also the possibility, or was it just
  my own paranoid imagination? That she had something to do with all this.  
"Right, the ambulance is on its way and the Bomb squad should be here soon
  as well, Liverpool Street is closed and so is Bishopsgate and they're evacuating
  the surrounding buildings and the station as a precaution. There don't seem
  to be any other casualties. How are they Charlie?" Inspector Martin was already
  kneeling next to her as he spoke. I could imagine Charlie looking up at him.  
"Well, they're arguing which is a good sign&hellip;" She addressed me, "Bill,
  you've got some injuries to your back which are going to need looking at &hellip;" I
  noticed her gloves were bloody and I looked up at her.  
"How bad?" She didn't smile  
"I don't know. We need to get your shirt off and take a look. Well Bob?" Inspector
  Martin was also wearing disposable rubber gloves. He had been inspecting the
  remains of my luggage.  
"Not subtle. I'd guess at a small amount of semtex in a jiffy bag with a
  lot of broken glass and a mobile phone. A basic anti personnel device. If you
  had been looking into your bag at the time Bill it would have probably taken
  your head off. But you managed to get yourself and Emma far enough away to
  avoid most of the blast. These things are not much use outside of a three metre
  or so radius depending on how much explosive there is, of course. Here, let
  me help!"  
Charlie already had hold of one arm and the Inspector took the other. Very,
  very, carefully they helped me stand up  
"Well this is nice! First day back and someone tries to blow us up. I was
  safer playing golf!" It was an unfamiliar voice and I looked up to see a slight
  but tall white haired man with a ruddy complexion and a pleasant smile on his
  face standing in the doorway. He was wearing a dark suit, a white shirt and
  a silver tie. The Inspector spoke first  
"Hello Sir. Wasn't expecting you back for another week!" The white haired
  man smiled.  
"Storms Bob. Summer storms. Malaga airport was flooded for a day and a half.
  The courses were unplayable. Anyway, " he looked around him, "looks like I
  might come in handy!" The Inspector nodded,  
"Well sir, as you're here you COULD take the Press Briefing," he was still
  holding me by the arm. " Bill, this is my boss, Detective Chief Superintendent
  Ramsey. Sir, this is Bill Rodgers. You know, the Chandler business?" The Chief
  Superintendent looked at me sympathetically.  
" It's still not over then!" There was blood running down my arm and onto
  my wrist and hand. It didn't seem to bother him; he took it in both of his
  and clasped it warmly  
"Nice to meet you at last Bill! Ron Ramsey. We WILL sort this out I promise
  you, I've been bringing myself up to speed downstairs. You are in the very
  best possible hands believe me&hellip;"  
At that moment Jimmy came through the door holding a printout in his hand.
  He looked at the Superintendent in mock surprise.  
"'Allo guv, thought you were still up to yer neck in golf balls!" The Superintendent
  smiled.  
"I missed YOU Jimmy!" Sergeant Clarke grinned  
"Yeah about as much as you'd miss piles!" He looked at me with concern, "You
  all right, my son?" And when I nodded he nodded back and then turned to the
  Inspector "Sorry to interrupt guv, but this just came off the monitoring computer.
  A 999 call about 5 minutes ago. Attempted abduction, residents report gunfire,
  car park, Tobacco Dock, 13.15 and 20 seconds, called in originally by," and
  here he gave me a worried look, " Linda Hutton!"  
*  
"Well, guv? Does this change things?"  
"No Jimmy, not one iota! You know, I'm sure Jaguars are for Superintendents
  and above. Has it got a siren?"  
"Yes guv! And a light!" The Inspector nodded.  
"Use 'em! " He turned to Charlie who was sitting in the back seat. "Have
  you got your belt on?" she was studying some papers, her legs crossed, glasses
  on the end of her nose, biting the end of a pen. She looked up absently.  
"What? Oh belt. Er, okay!" Even as she said it Jimmy was placing the magnetic
  blue flashing light on the roof of the car with one hand and flicking on the
  siren with the other, whilst still managing to hold onto the steering wheel.
  There was a sudden surge of power that pushed them back against their seats
  as he accelerated and eased the big car across the lunchtime traffic and down
  Middlesex Street the wrong way.  
"Let's hope there are no stalls out today!" Muttered the Inspector as Jimmy
  hurled the car down the street that on Sundays was better known as Petticoat
  Lane. He was about to look out of the window when he suddenly turned to Jimmy
  and said,  
"That mate of yours, the traffic warden? No point keeping him any longer.
  Tell Leman Street to let him go!&quot; Jimmy flicked him a glance and then
  nodded, a grim expression on his face.  
*  
The electric window glided downward as the body armoured, booted and helmeted
  figure carrying a Heckler and Koch MP5 semi automatic machine gun in both hands
  walked towards them. The Inspector showed his warrant card.  
"Chief Inspector Martin, SO 31. What's the situation?" The uniformed man
  touched the peak of his helmet.  
"Sergeant Warren sir, SO19. The building is now secure. There is one possible
  fatality and we have a female with a suspected broken arm, ambulance on its
  way. The bandits are long gone. We've got a wrecked all terrain vehicle, a
  partial registration on a large white van, possibly a Mercedes, and enough
  spent shells to make the place look like a firing range. Lucky no one was killed!
  And they took their injured with them." The Inspector looked puzzled.  
"This possible fatality&hellip;" but the sergeant anticipated him.  
"A bandit sir. One of the victims," he grinned to himself "if that's the
  right word, thinks she's Wonder Woman and says she may have killed a motorcyclist
  who was going straight for her friend - with  a whip  !" Charlie
  looked up from her papers.  
"Linda Hutton." She said quietly. The Sergeant was nodding.  
"That's right ma'am. Thing is, her story is consistent with the evidence.
  There's the remains of a Harley Davidson in the street and&hellip;." The Inspector
  looked around him. They were at the foot of the concrete ramp that led up to
  the tall, brick built car park that from the outside looked more like a factory
  or warehouse, he had already seen the fire engines in Wapping Lane. The air
  was filled with the sound of sirens. It seemed as if every Police Car in East
  London was parked in either Wapping Lane or Pennington Street and the Police
  Helicopter was fluttering somewhere overhead. He held up a hand.  
"Thank you Sergeant, you've been very concise. May we go up?" The Sergeant
  looked a little relieved.  
"Yessir, Inspector Carter is expecting you." In the driver's seat Jimmy acknowledged
  the Sergeant as well, said,  
"Cheers mate!"  
And took the big blue car slowly up the ramp.  
They passed more police vehicles on their way to the top of the car park,
  motorcycles mainly but the odd white Land Rover and Transit Van were present
  as well. There was at least one armed policeman on every floor. At the very
  top were three armoured vans with heavy wire mesh over their windscreens and
  one car with its doors open, The sound of police radios was everywhere. In
  the absence of direction Jimmy parked on the west side of the building and
  opened the doors to let everybody out.  
There was a small huddle of people around a yellow and green motorcycle on
  the north side up against the low parapet. The wrecked 4X4 was off to their
  left. The whole roof area was pock marked with bullet scars but it was worse
  here. They trod carefully to avoid spent shells. It was still bright but a
  strong wind was starting to gust northwesterly across the open tarmac. They
  could now see, rather than just hear, the helicopter that was sweeping the
  area for the white van.  
One person stood out amongst the others, a tall woman dressed entirely in
  leather and shielding her eyes from the early afternoon sun. She smiled as
  they got nearer and put out a hand,  
"'Allo Jimmy, you still in plain clothes? Thought they'd have busted your
  balls down to uniform by now!" Jimmy Clarke clenched Linda Hutton's hand in
  his,  
"YOU'RE the only ball buster I know 'utton!" He looked her up and down," Fuck
  me! You get taller every time I see ya!" They both grinned. Inspector Martin
  was watching with a bemused expression on his face.  
"Didn't know you two knew each other&hellip;" but Linda stepped in before
  he could finish.  
"I know you too! Bob Martin. You WERE a sergeant&hellip; Lord Justice Carson&hellip; remember?" The
  Inspector looked thoughtful.  
"Couldn't forget that one. I was in the Club and Vice Squad. Case hinged
  on whether the old boy was using prostitutes or not. The defence argued that
  Lynn Hutchins&hellip;"  
"&hellip;was not a prostitute because she did not have sex with her clients
  for money and merely provided 'em with a service and Sergeant Martin agreed
  with 'em." The Inspector studied her closely. For a few seconds he looked dumbfounded.  
"Bloody hell! You're Lynn Hutchins." Now it was his turn to shake hands with
  the woman now known as Linda Hutton.  
"Yeah, changed me name, well so would you if you had an old man like mine!"  
"Yes but you've altered. You're so much taller, you've filled out." Linda
  smiled.  
"I WAS only nineteen. Nearly twenty years ago now." Already Linda's gaze
  was turning. Turning toward the only member of the threesome that she did not
  know.  
She and Charlie looked at each other for some time. They were dressed similarly
  in leather but while Linda's outfit was burgundy, the skirt and boots that
  Charlie wore and the long leather coat she had put on over them were a lighter
  red. It soon became obvious that there was an unspoken conversation going on
  between them. Eventually Linda said,  
"I get this feeling I should know you!" Charlie stood her ground.  
"Perhaps you do." She said quietly and held out her hand. " Doctor Charlotte
  but I prefer Charlie, Wright - Patterson, I'm a forensic psychiatrist." The
  handshake lasted longer than it should have done.  
"You're a whatchacallit&hellip; a profiler then!" Charlie nodded,  
 "Among other things. I also make the tea, listen to grievances, sort out
  arguments and patch people up because I trained in medicine&hellip; which,
  reminds me,&quot; The Inspector interrupted.  
"Actually Charlie, why don't you talk to Linda whilst we talk to&hellip;"  
"It's Liz. Liz Fisher." Linda smiled a quite dazzling smile, "You might not
  get a lot out of her right now, the paramedic," She indicated the yellow and
  green motorcycle, "reckons she's broken a bone in her upper arm which he says
  is known for bein' "exquisitely painful"!" Charlie agreed,  
"Yes it is. It is very, very painful. Walking hurts, even breathing hurts." Linda
  nodded  
"Mmm, well he's put it in a sling and she's on gas to relieve the pain 'til
  the ambulance gets here." She put her finger close to her forehead and twisted
  it, "High as a kite at the moment, so don't expect too much!" She turned to
  Charlie, "Are you SURE I don't know you?"  
Charlie looked at her with a smile,  
"Perhaps in another life," she took her by the arm, "can you tell me what
  you remember while it's still fresh?" And led her away to the other side of
  the car park whilst Jimmy and the Inspector squatted down next to Liz who was
  propped up against the parapet with a silver thermal blanket round her. The
  Inspector spoke first,  
"Ms Fisher&hellip;" Liz giggled  
"I'm not a Miz. Mizzes are all lesbians and I'm only just starting." She
  looked at the Inspector as if seeing him for the first time, "Bet you've got
  a nice bum!" The Inspector raised his eyebrows at Jimmy but Jimmy had already
  turned away and was studying the view of London much more intently than he
  really needed to.  
*  
"Well Charlie, get anything? " Charlie coughed.  
"Yeah, pneumonia I think! It was freezing on that bloody roof." Jimmy looked
  at her in the driving mirror.  
"Put yer thermals on girl! If you're gonna run around with yer bits out what
  do you expect?" Charlie smiled  
"You sound like my Granny!" Jimmy took a right turn threading the steering
  wheel carefully through his hands as he did so.  
"I feel about the same age sometimes luv!"  
"Jimmy isn't this the, er &quot;pretty&quot;, way back to Liverpool Street?" The
  Inspector was looking out of the car window. It was dark now. There was rain
  in the air and the light had faded quickly. It was just coming up to four O'clock
  in the afternoon.  
"Yes guv. I just thought we might 'ave a little look around. That van seems
  to have disappeared into thin air and it has to be somewhere. They've either
  dumped it, got it in a lock up or&hellip;" Charlie was biting her pen again  
"&hellip;laid low for a while until we forget about them." Jimmy smiled self
  deprecatingly.  
"See? You know my methods already Watson!" Charlie couldn't help but smile
  broadly back. The Inspector was still studying the scenery. They were passing
  through an area of fairly low concrete flats built in the sixties.  
"This is Chrisp Street Market."  
"That's right guv. With all the estates round here it's lock up city AND
  if they're not East or North London based it would be very 'andy for the tunnel
  and South of the River!"  
 Jimmy steered the car into East India Dock Road, a noisy, dirty, artery
  lined with quaint little Docklands Light Railway stations that takes traffic
  from the city into East London and Essex and which at that time of day was
  filled almost entirely with heavy lorries. Off to the right and invisible from
  where they were was the Blackwall Tunnel that took traffic under the Thames
  and into South London and Kent.  
Charlie saw it first.  
They were sitting at traffic lights that seemed to be stuck permanently on
  red  
" Bob, Jimmy, down that side road. Quick!" The brightly lit sign at the front
  of the building proclaimed it as "Kumar's Cash And Carry". It had a loading
  bay in a side street that was currently open. A large white Mercedes van was
  backing slowly inside it whilst a smaller blue transit van sat outside, its
  exhaust visible in the cold evening air. The Inspector was peering out of the
  window.  
"Your eyes are better than mine Jimmy, what's the registration?".  
"Er, Echo- Six- Zero- Six- Papa- Tango &ndash;Yankee." Charlie consulted
  her notes.  
"Linda's a very good witness, she remembers details and things that other
  people don't. Ah, here it is! She got the first half and it's E606&hellip; that's
  it! That must be the one!" The Inspector took charge.  
"Jimmy call it in! Tell Control we need back up including SO19. Tell them
  we will eyeball but do nothing else. Repeat, eyeball only!"  
"Righto guv!" Jimmy was already radioing the details when Inspector Martin
  suddenly hit the dashboard with his open palm  
"Damn!" Charlie tried to follow his gaze  
"Bob, what's wrong?"  
"Over there. Look!" About fifty yards back down the road sat an empty police
  car. Already two uniformed officers were walking purposefully towards the blue
  transit van that they could now see was parked on a double yellow line. Without
  looking away the Inspector said quietly.  
"Get onto MP Jimmy, tell them to get those officers withdrawn immediately
  for their own safety!" Jimmy had anticipated him and was making an urgent request
  just as the sound of gunfire rose above the noise of the Monday evening traffic.  
*  
It was a long drive. Heather stayed awake all the time but Angela and Ally
  dozed fitfully, their heads supported comfortably enough by her bare shoulders.
  She closed her eyes occasionally but all the time she was covertly studying
  the two silver figures sitting opposite her and in particular the slightly
  smaller of the two, the one who had proved surprisingly sympathetic.  
These silver beings reminded her of something. Of something that she had
  seen probably a long time ago but she couldn't remember what it was. It might
  have been on TV and it seemed to have a British connotation with her as well,
  but then lots of things did, being married to an Englishman as she was.  
She watched their movements.  
Angela couldn't speak and Ally was quietly terrified but she would have expected
  people sitting together to hold some sort of conversation or at least speak
  occasionally.  
 These two didn't.  
 Their movements were strange as well as if they were restricted in some
  way. They were wearing extremely high heels, thick gloves and masks but at
  no point did they try to adjust them or even scratch. They just sat there hands
  by their sides, cattle prods on their laps, hardly moving, never speaking and
  Heather knew she had to find out why.  
*  
It was rapid fire, possibly from a machine pistol like an Uzi. Jimmy was
  already gunning the big engine. The Inspector did not take his eyes off the
  scene behind him. Both policemen were wearing stab vests but stab vests would
  not hold up under a barrage of 9mm shells.  
One had ducked behind a van opposite the blue one; the other was crawling
  towards a large wheelie bin.  
"Jimmy, did I see a 728 about you the other day?"  
"Yes guv, there WAS a memo. Owing to the number of attempts that there have
  been on your life in the last year I now 'ave the same status as a member of
  the Royalty Protection Branch and I carry a firearm at all times." The white
  van was almost fully inside the Cash and Carry and the driver's door was opening.  
"What have you got?"  
"Glock 17, 9mm automatic. Small, light and fast." Charlie looked at him for
  a second and blinked but said nothing.  
A figure dressed totally in black and wearing a ski mask was stepping out
  of the white van. The Inspector spoke quietly.  
"Okay, no heroics, if we go out there we're going to get mown down. Charlie,
  you MUST stay where you are. Jimmy, I want you to turn the car round as best
  you can and I want you to aim it straight for the blue van and if the bandit
  in the ski mask gets in the way so be it. Okay?" Jimmy nodded.  
"Yes guv. Blues and twos? " The Inspector rubbed his chin.  
"Mmm, flashing light AND siren might take 'em by surprise." Charlie looked
  sceptical.  
"And it might draw their fire towards us and into the traffic." The Inspector
  thought for a moment.  
"It's a chance we'll have to take. Jimmy, you only use your gun if there
  is no alternative. Okay, let's do it!" Jimmy made the big engine roar again
  as he slipped the blue flashing light on to the roof and flicked on the siren,
  it joined the others that were already becoming audible in the night air. Then
  he turned on the indicators and began to push his way out of the lane in which
  the big car was in.  
"Come on you buggers MOVE!" the Inspector turned to Charlie.  
"You can see what's happening better than I can. Tell us what you can see.
  I might have to get out and direct the traffic!" Charlie nodded briefly and
  then turned to look out the back window.  
"The man in black, he's out of the van. He's got something in his hand. It
  has to be a weapon. It's quite small, bulky and black. He's walking towards
  the policeman behind the bin. Come on Jimmy! Come on! He's looking round. He's
  heard the siren. He's still walking forward." The Inspector already had his
  door open.  
"Jimmy give me your gun!" Jimmy had the car between lanes now but progress
  was slow.  
"Guv you can't&hellip;"  
"Just give it to me... and a couple of clips!" reluctantly Jimmy took the
  surprisingly small weapon out of his shoulder holster and handed it to the
  Inspector who gave it a cursory inspection. He then delved into his pocket
  and pulled out two small, dark objects that looked vaguely like cassettes.
  The Inspector took them, dropped them into his own pocket and nodded his thanks.  
"Soon as you can Jimmy!" Grey Crombie overcoat flapping in the breeze, gun
  held low in his right hand, Inspector Martin walked through the near stationary
  traffic until he could see the black clad gunman bearing down on the policeman
  behind the wheelie bin. He stopped in the centre of the road put his feet apart
  and raised the gun slowly, using his left hand to steady it. He shouted over
  the noise of the traffic  
"ARMED POLICE OFFICER. PUT DOWN YOUR WEAPON AND LAY DOWN ON THE FLOOR!" The
  figure stopped and turned slowly as if in surprise. It gave the officer behind
  the wheelie bin the chance he needed.  
The man in the ski mask looked at the Inspector for a brief moment but already
  he was turning away. Metropolitan Police rules state that every opportunity
  must be given to an armed person to put down their weapon before they are engaged.
  Once again the Inspector shouted.  
"ARMED POLICE! PUT DOWN YOUR WEAPON!" The officer behind the bin was on his
  feet and had extended his baton. He took two paces toward the man in the ski
  mask before crashing to the ground in a fusillade of bullets.  
The man was side on to him. The Inspector had no choice. Above him he could
  hear the blades of India Nine Zero, the police helicopter, beating steadily
  against the evening air. The noise of sirens was coming at him from all directions.
  He took a deep breath and squeezed the trigger.  
There was no doubt in his mind that the man was turning to face him once
  more before he was dragged from his feet seemingly by nothing more than a series
  of sharp noises that first stopped him stone dead and then made him waddle
  puppet like in the road before collapsing to the floor, his head nothing more
  than a heap of molten red sludge.  
*  
It was quiet.  
Everything seemed still and peaceful.  
She had to think for a moment and then she realised where she was.  
She must have dozed off, her head against Ally's but now she was awake.  
 Fully awake.  
The silver creatures were moving now.  
The little one was next to Ally, touching her, urging her gently into wakefulness,
  one hand resting on the tattoo of an eagle that covered most of her upper back.
  The other one was next to Angela rubbing a gloved hand lightly against her
  cheek.  
 She moaned a little, raised her head to look at Heather, grimaced with something
  that looked almost like a wink and then straightened up.  
The back doors of the van opened onto bright white nothingness.  
Now the tall silver one was entering carrying a small leather case which
  she rested on the side of the ambulance where the two smaller silver beings
  had been sitting.  
She opened the case, and then walked towards Allison.  
Heather regarded the silver creature steadily.  
 Like Ally she was barefoot and in her underwear with her hands tied behind
  her back but she wasn't totally helpless, her feet were still free.  
The tall one approached Ally and stood looking down on her.  
 Sensing her fear, playing on it, feeding on it.  
Heather shifted imperceptibly in her seat hoping that somehow her closeness
  and the warmth of her body would give her some kind of comfort. Slowly Ally
  raised her head to look at the silver woman in front of her.  
She raised her head until her eyes were in contact with whatever was behind
  the eye sockets in the silver mask. Heather's stomach lurched in anticipation
  as the silver being slowly raised a hand and touched Ally's left breast.  
Ally did not move.  
She remained utterly still.  
 Her eyes fixed on whatever there was behind the mask.  
Heather wasn't religious although she had been raised as a Catholic but now
  she prayed silently to anyone at all for Ally to stay together and not be fazed
  by her silver nemesis.  
The hand began to move. It moved downward and then upward again cupping Ally's
  generous breast feeling it, savouring it.  
With a rising sense of unease Heather watched helpless as the silver figure
  shifted its position. It moved forward a fraction shifting its feet so that
  they were planted firmly on the floor of the van about eighteen inches apart
  and whilst it still had gentle hold of Ally's breast and maintained eye contact,
  it moved its free hand slowly down until it was resting just below Ally's naval.  
Heather shifted in her seat. Suddenly she could feel sweat on her forehead.
  A fully awake Angela was moving restively against her but the smaller silver
  creature next to her had a gentle hand on her shoulder trying to calm and restrain
  her without too much force.  
The other small one, the one that fascinated Heather, had moved position
  too. Heather looked up at the still and impassive silver being. She couldn't
  be sure but she thought she saw it shake it's head as if communicating with
  her silently and telling her to do nothing.  
She turned back to Ally who was still staring up at the silver being as if
  mesmerized.  
Slowly, ever so slowly, the creature's right hand began to move downward
  until it was just cupping Ally's shaven pubis. Still she didn't move. Still
  she looked up at the alien creature.  
There was a gasp, it was low and almost inaudible and to her shame Heather
  realised that it had come from her and not from Ally and even now she watched
  in horror as the silver creature's hand moved lower and lower still until it
  covered Ally's crotch completely.  
The next move was inevitable.  
The sweat seemed to be dripping off Heather's forehead as Ally, without any
  command whatsoever hands tied behind her as they were and naked apart from
  her skimpy black mesh underwear began to slowly part her thighs.  
Heather tensed her muscles but her silver companion shook her head once more.  
Head still back, eyes still focused intently on the tall silver being, legs
  now as wide as the cramped space would allow, Ally did not flinch as first
  one and then two silver gloved fingers entered the puffy, crinkled outer lips
  of her vagina and began to probe gently inside.  
*  
There was a moment's silence and even years of policing could not prevent
  the feeling of horror that the Inspector felt as the virtually headless man
  that he had just shot and killed slumped to the floor, blood spattering onto
  the tarmac and the nearest vehicles.  
 But he didn't have time to wallow because, even now, the back doors of the
  small blue van were being flung open and two, possibly three figures, dressed
  entirely in black and wearing ski masks were spilling out onto the street.  
For a moment the Inspector stood stock still, transfixed by the horror and
  the futility of it all but a sudden shout from somewhere behind him dragged
  him from his reverie.  
"OUT THE WAY GUV! CAN'T AFFORD TO LOSE YOU RIGHT NOW!"  
Jimmy had finally managed to turn the big car and was already accelerating
  forward. Off to his right he could see the blue flashing lights of a police
  car; probably the local Armed Response Vehicle that was tucked behind a bus
  and was even now disgorging armed officers into the street.  
There were three black clad figures in the main road now and all three were
  heading towards the nearest vehicle, a single decked, number 106 bus, on its
  way to the Blackwall Tunnel.  
 The Inspector blinked.  
 If this turned into a hostage situation it would be horrendous.  
Suddenly he remembered Jimmy and literally had to throw himself out of the
  way as the big engine roared and the brand new Jaguar that was actually assigned
  to Detective Chief Superintendent Ronald Ramsey careered past him and ploughed
  into the three armed men as if they were no more than skittles.  
One was hit full on and was dragged under the chassis.  
Another crashed onto the bonnet and was thrown off to the left landing just
  a few feet from a Heavy Goods Vehicle bound for Dover.  
The third was struck a glancing blow by the left wing and was able to roll
  to safety. Even now he was staggering to his feet and aiming at the vehicle
  that had killed at least one of his colleagues.  
 Hairs prickling on the back of his neck, his pulse racing, the Inspector
  shouted a warning.  
"JIMMY! CHARLIE! GET OUT OF THERE NOW!"  
The road at that moment was the noisiest place the Inspector could ever remember
  being in.  
Sirens; the beating of helicopter blades, the revving of engines, the sound
  of people screaming and now the steady rat-tat tat of gunfire all filled the
  cold evening air.  
The man nearest him opened fire on the unmarked Jaguar raking it from one
  end to the other with nine millimetre shells. The Inspector looked up desperately
  but Jimmy was already out and was half dragging; half pulling Charlie into
  the road but the reluctant Charlie wanted her notes from the back of the car.  
 The Inspector could only watch as Jimmy shouted something that could only
  have been  
"Fuck your notes!" before grabbing Charlie by the hand and wrenching her
  forward just as more gunfire lanced into the petrol tank and the brand new
  metallic blue Jaguar burst into a sheet of orange and yellow flame.  
TO BE CONTINUED   
 &copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as
  the author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance
  to any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or
  fictitious, living or dead.  
RETRIBUTION    
(PART FOUR)   
BY   
WALLACE   
He was close enough to feel the heat from the flames as the big car burnt
  steadily in the middle of the road but all he could think about were Charlie
  and Jimmy because at that moment they were nowhere to be seen.  
He could see armed Police Officers literally crawling towards him to the
  left and the whole area seemed to have gone very quiet. Horns still blared
  but they were a long way off. The drivers who could actually see what had happened
  sat stunned in their vehicles.  
 The traffic was gridlocked.  
He sensed rather than saw movement off to his right and then he noticed that
  the officers had stopped moving. Still in a half crouch, gun still in his right
  hand, the Inspector turned his head slowly and made unexpected eye contact
  with a tall, masked, silver creature dressed entirely in shiny PVC and carrying
  a semi automatic machine pistol.  
*  
Heather could only watch as the creature drove her fingers repeatedly in
  and out of Ally's moist opening and even now, eyes fixed on the strange being
  as they were, her breath was quickening, she was beginning to pant, her eyes
  were glazing over and there was sweat on her forehead. Sensing that she was
  close to orgasm even in these unreal circumstances, the creature drove her
  fingers in even harder, pumping them in and out of Ally's exposed vagina exactly
  as if she was being fucked.  
Ally could resist no more she closed eyes as if wanting to block it all out
  but still she moaned and every now and then an arm or a leg would twitch involuntarily
  as the oncoming climax forced her to lose control of her muscles momentarily.  
Her hands were tied behind her back; the two smaller silver creatures appeared
  to be watching her anxiously whilst the tall one fucked her mercilessly with
  no less than three fingers.  
Now she moved just a little closer and stroked Ally's generous breasts through
  her black mesh bra, Ally groaned and Heather, her hands also tied behind her
  back, could watch no more.  
"Hey, whatever you are! Why don't you pick on someone your own size?"  
The smaller creatures swung round but Heather was already standing up. Even
  barefoot she stood the same height as the silver one, who turned slowly, her
  fingers no longer moving but still embedded deep inside Allison. For a moment
  she looked almost comical as she put her head to one side as if questioning
  what Heather had just said.  
Now the two of them stood no more than a few inches from each other, their
  eyes locked together. Slowly the silver creature withdrew her gloved; glistening
  wet fingers from Ally's vagina with a slight plopping sound bought them up
  to her masked face and inspected them. Then, to Heather's intense annoyance,
  she began to smell them, breathing deep as if savouring the aroma.  
So absorbed by this was Heather that she didn't see the creature's left hand
  come up swiftly and bitch slap her three times across the face and neither
  did she see the first three punches that the creature threw at her, hitting
  her on the nose and the lower lip and the jaw respectively which sent her staggering
  and then crashing to the floor where the creature continued to hit her until
  the smaller ones dragged her away.  
*  
He was cut off, literally cut off, standing in the middle of a major arterial
  road watching the remains of a brand new vehicle, which was now reduced to
  no more than a pile of white hot metal, burn with no form of communication
  open to him because his mobile phone was in what was left of the car, watching
  something that appeared to come from another planet walking slowly towards
  the black clad man lying in the road.  
 The man who had caused the explosion in the first place.  
The creature walked forward slowly, moving the gun it held in its hands slowly
  from left to right. Now two more silver creatures were joining it, one emerging
  from the blue van, the other from the white one and both of them carried similar
  weapons.  
It was obvious that the armed officers had never seen anything like this
  before and they watched as the taller of the three "aliens" moved deliberately
  forward until she was standing over the man lying prone on the floor.  
Overhead the Police Helicopter still hovered but even now the steady beating
  of its blades was being drowned out by a much deeper, throatier sound. Suddenly
  the area was lit by a blindingly powerful searchlight, which seemed to pick
  out every policeman currently on the ground. It also made the actions of the
  tall silver being even more dramatic as she slowly raised her gun and almost
  casually fired what seemed like a whole clip full of bullets into the man lying
  prone and already injured on the ground.  
*  
It was quiet when she woke up.  
Quiet but very, very, bright.  
She tried to shield her eyes but her hands were still tied behind her back.
  She tried to sit up but it was difficult because her ankles had been tied together
  as well with coil after coil of soft cotton rope, she was somehow relieved
  to find that she still had her low cut bra and high cut panties on. She was
  not as uncomfortable as she could have been. She struggled to get upright but
  not only was she tied very tightly, she was also laying on something soft,
  Something that seemed to form itself around her body, Something that reacted
  almost as if it had a life of its own.  
Her head ached and her lower lip was cracked and swollen. Her nose felt sore
  but not as painful as the time she had broken it falling off a horse. The room
  she was in was pure white; the light reflected off the walls and seemed to
  sting her eyes. Finally she struggled upright. She was laying on a kind of
  bed or at least something that looked like the bottom half of a bunk painted
  pure white and with what appeared to be a lid that was currently lying on the
  floor next to it, a Perspex lid with several flexible tubes attached. The sort
  of thing you might find on a vacuum cleaner but pure white.  
She felt like shit but she was still alive.  
The room was very quiet; there was a slight electronic hum but otherwise
  total silence. She looked around her. White floors, white walls, white ceiling.
  Too much of this place could drive her mad and then the white door opened and
  she began to seriously doubt the current state of her sanity.  
*  
The heavy throbbing noise was coming closer; Inspector Martin looked up and
  was amazed by what he saw. A huge black shape was descending slowly toward
  the ground. He started at first but was relieved by the voice he heard unexpectedly
  in his left ear.  
"It's a Blackhawk C70 guv, civil version! Remember the time they tried to
  rob the Bank of England note repository in Loughton with a couple of 'em?" Jimmy
  had to shout to make himself heard above the noise, they were both trying to
  shield themselves from the downdraft. Still staring up at the helicopter the
  Inspector asked the question that had been bothering him for some time.  
" Where's Charlie?"  
They had both taken their eyes off the silver creatures and now they had
  to adjust their vision as a series of gunshots cut through the night air. The
  Inspector stared in shock as he saw the tall silver being standing in the middle
  of East India Dock road flanked by two smaller but identical creatures holding
  Charlie by the throat with one hand whilst still clutching the machine pistol
  in the other.  
*  
Two silver creatures entered the room, she somehow felt that they were not
  the same ones who had been around earlier but it was not them that drew her
  attention, it was what followed them.  
She was looking at a woman.  
 A quite large woman with a completely shaven head and bare breasts to which
  were attached small gold cups with thin, barely discernible wires attached.  
A woman who was sitting in a kind of small plastic car. Black and shiny in
  stark contrast to the pure white room, low and streamlined. Neither the woman's
  hands or her feet were visible but her upper torso seemed to jut out from the
  car as if it were built around her  
It had four tiny wheels and it moved silently on what must have been a battery
  powered motor but the most remarkable thing about it was that the otherwise
  naked woman appeared to be moulded into it.  
*  
Until he was told otherwise he was the senior officer, so it was up to him
  to take charge of negotiations. This was now a hostage situation, Charlie was
  a hostage and he wanted her back. The huge Blackhawk helicopter that in other
  circumstances would be used as a gunship hovered above him, dwarfing the Police
  helicopter that was used for surveillance purposes only. He could hear sirens,
  he could see blue flashing lights everywhere, fire engines were trying to get
  to them through side roads but right now nothing was moving apart from the
  rope ladder that even now was being thrown from the Blackhawk.  
He made his decision.  
Shouting above the noise he looked directly at the tall silver creature.  
"THERE ARE ARMED POLICE ALL AROUND YOU! LET YOUR HOSTAGE GO AND I WILL TELL
  THEM TO HOLD THEIR FIRE UNTIL YOU ARE IN THE HELICOPTER&hellip;" The man who
  had been dragged under the car had died when the Jaguar had exploded but one
  man was still alive, the one who had fallen just in front of the lorry. He
  was beginning to move. The tall silver creature appeared to be staring at the
  Inspector but even as he spoke she moved her arm suddenly to the left and riddled
  the injured man with bullets.  
It gave Charlie the chance she needed.  
Catching her captor off guard she kicked her in the shins and then elbowed
  her in the stomach and before the silver one could recover she had grabbed
  the gun and turned it on the smaller silver creature to her left, who, taken
  by surprise, dropped her own at what must have been Charlie's whispered instruction
  and allowed Charlie to drag her off to the left and the cover of the white
  van.  
A lot of what happened next would forever remain unclear in his memory. The
  tall silver creature picked up the discarded firearm and ran towards the injured
  policeman who was still lying on the pavement in a pool of his own blood, she
  stood over him, one hand holding the pistol the other by her side and she seemed
  to stare defiantly at the Inspector. The remaining smaller creature had followed
  her and was standing next to her, gun raised  
It was his call.  
The marksman could open fire but before they did the chances were that one
  or other of the silver creatures would execute one of his own.  
*  
The silver ones stood at the door as if guarding it but Heather could not
  take her eyes from the woman in the car.  
Her head was shaven, she wore a gold collar around her neck, so wide it might
  have been a posture collar and a similar but narrower one around her forehead,
  both, like the nipple cups, had tiny wires attached. Her face was covered by
  a gold mask with eye, nose and mouth holes, similar to the Mask of Janus but
  with only one face.  
The car moved silently towards her and the masked woman regarded her steadily.  
Finally she spoke,  
"Heather, if you cooperate with us no harm will come to you, I promise." her
  voice was low but sibilant. Heather was not sure she believed her,  
"Where's the other one? The tall sonofabitch!" the masked woman was unphased.  
"Number One is no longer here." Heather thought for a moment.  
"Number One huh?" So who are you?" the woman answered immediately.  
"I am Five." Heather looked at her.  
"Hi Five!" she said cheekily but the humour was lost on the people around
  her, she tried to move her bound hands, "I would but I'm a little tied up at
  the moment!" still no one laughed. The woman continued as if nothing had happened,  
"&hellip;and this is Seven and this is Nine." She indicated the two silver
  creatures. Heather looked at her in mock surprise.  
"This is a joke, right? Either that or someone's been watching too much Star
  Trek!" the woman regarded her from what Heather assumed must be lidded eyes.  
"Pure coincidence." She said quietly. Then she raised her head to study Heather
  once more. "We need to keep you out of the way for a while, you won't be harmed,
  far from it, you'll just be&hellip; out of circulation." Heather had decided
  some time ago to play the innocent abroad.  
"The Maafia say that when they whack someone." She drawled.  
"We're not the Mafia!" five held her gaze.  
"Okay. Where are Ally and Angela?" Again five regarded her steadily.  
"They're fine. They've cooperated and they're nearly ready, they'll be in
  in a minute or two." She anticipated Heather's look of surprise, "You've been
  out for some time, we gave you a sedative to let you&hellip;"  
"&hellip;recover after being beaten while I was helpless?" there was no rancour
  in Heather's voice, she was just stating a fact. Five moved on.  
"Seven and Nine looked after you, they bathed your lip and washed you down&hellip;" Heather
  looked up at the anonymous creatures with a kind of affection.  
"Thanks guys!" she said quietly. Then she turned to Five. "Are these the
  same ones who were with us in the ambulance?" five hesitated for a moment and
  then she shook her head. Heather nodded.  
 So there were quite a few of them. A regular army of silver women. She wondered
  where they all came from and whether it was something they should know about
  in Area 51.  
Five was still looking at her.  
"Well, are you going to help us?" Heather asked a question that she already
  knew the answer to.  
"What happens if I don't?" she saw the naked woman's right arm flex just
  a little and a small compartment opened in the side of the strange vehicle
  she was sitting in.  
"Then we use this!" inside the compartment was a small disposable syringe,
  Heather looked at the clear liquid inside as if it would somehow tell her what
  it was, "But I'd rather not," said Five hastily," because it will be much easier
  all round if you 're still conscious!"  
*  
The term Mexican Stand Off was something they used to use in cowboy films
  when he was young. He never really knew what it meant but he guessed that it
  referred to situations like these.  
SO19 were not here yet but he knew that they would shoot first and ask questions
  much later. So far the officers from the Armed Response Vehicle had held their
  fire but they wouldn't wait forever. He didn't feel exposed, standing as he
  was in the middle of the road with stationary traffic all around him. He was
  thankful that so far people were staying in their cars. There were already
  enough targets around to shoot at.  
He wondered where Charlie was; and he wondered how this would all end, when
  a single shot answered all his questions for him. It came from somewhere very
  close. Somewhere in the direction in which Charlie had gone, then he saw the
  small silver being running desperately towards her companions.  
When she neared them the taller one pushed her towards the rope ladder of
  the helicopter and began to fire indiscriminately into the traffic. Her smaller
  colleague followed suit whilst the armed officers did their best to pick off
  distant, moving targets.  
The Inspector was already running in the direction of the white Mercedes
  van just as the first silver being was hurrying up the rope ladder. He was
  relieved to see Charlie standing between the van and the brick wall of the
  building. He called out.  
"Charlie, are you okay?" Charlie looked distracted. She stared into his eyes.  
"You were right Bob. It WAS her. She 's okay and Linda's theory was right
  too. They can't talk Bob. They're gagged and their hands are restrained. They've
  got very limited movement!" Charlie paused, it seemed to the Inspector that
  she was trying to suck in air, he assumed that it was shock, the aftermath
  of the situation she had been in.  
Above him he could see the last figure climbing into the helicopter and even
  now it was moving upward into the night sky, the searchlight beam flicking
  off as quickly as it had flicked on.  
He put his hands on Charlie's upper arms.  
"Charlie, was she able to tell you anything about who's doing this?"  
There was a sudden burst of gunfire.  
The unarmed Police Helicopter had got too close to the big Sikorsy Blackhawk.
  The Inspector was alarmed to see white-hot tracer bullets stab into the night
  air. He was also relieved to see the police helicopter bobbing quickly away
  from its larger aggressor unharmed. He turned his attention back to Charlie
  who was becoming increasingly more distressed.  
"I asked her Bob. I asked her who it was and all she did&hellip; all she
  did was clap her hands! She just clapped her hands over and over again&hellip;" without
  warning Charlie fell forward. The Inspector just managed to catch her in his
  arms before she hit the ground. Her mouth was open and tiny red bubbles were
  beginning to form round her lips. The Inspector looked around him and then
  he saw it on the wall.  
He saw the blood spatter from the bullet that had entered Charlie's chest
  and exited through her lower back and already he was running past an open mouthed
  Jimmy with Charlie in his arms looking desperately for the ambulance that he
  knew must be on it's way.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART FIVE   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART FIVE)   
BY   
WALLACE   
He slipped quietly into the darkened office, pulled off his coat and hung
  it on the stand to dry. The rain had been threatening for the last couple of
  hours and now it was tipping it down. He sat in his chair without switching
  on the light and loosened his tie before pressing the redial button on his
  mobile phone.  
 He looked out onto the late rush hour traffic moving silently through the
  double-glazed windows of his office, Then he tensed as the number he had been
  dialling for what seemed like hours was suddenly answered.  
"Bob! Bob where are you? I've been trying to get you for ages. Yes I KNOW
  I've rung Jimmy's mobile number but you two seem to be joined at the hip these
  days and I also know that YOUR phone was destroyed along with MY car!" He let
  that sink in for a few seconds.  
 "Bob, I've got the Assistant Commissioner on my back and she wants answers.
  Yes, Rose MacGregor, yes, she IS normally okay but you have to admit these
  are not normal circumstances and she's getting shit from the TOP&hellip;" he
  nodded to the window as if the person he was talking to was in the room with
  him. "Yes I know that Bob but apart from snarling up virtually the whole of
  London we have how many deaths to deal with? Five? Including one dead officer&hellip; and
  one critical! Oh God! No, no, leave that to me, I'm not having some spotty
  constable doorstepping the family in the middle of the night, I'll deal with
  it personally, it's the only way, I'll get the details later!" he leant forward
  in his chair.  
"Now listen Bob, from what I've heard I'm quite sure that you did the right
  thing under the circumstances as they unfolded and I will back you all the
  way. The car, which I'm sure you were not responsible for, is explainable,
  just tell Sergeant Clarke to watch his arse for the next few weeks." Now he
  stretched out putting his feet on the desk and putting out his left arm to
  ease the tension in it.  
"We need to put a lid on this Bob. We're into damage limitation now, so I'm
  going to need a full report first thing in the morning. Something solid I can
  fend Rosie off with. Okay? And Bob? I'm very sorry about what happened. Really
  sorry! What's that? Oh yes I've been here all night, I was downstairs fending
  off your friends in the press for most of the time and a right pain in the
  arse they are too but you're one of the few coppers I know who's got a good
  relationship with virtually every press and TV man, and woman for that matter,
  in the UK so I can't argue. Listen, I'm going to be here until late&hellip; very
  late, so if you want to pop in and talk that's fine, just make sure you bring
  coffee with you!" he smiled, " Or get Jimmy to do it, you can tell him that's
  his penance for ruining the best car I never nearly had! Oh yes, and for wrecking
  it in record time as well! Yes, okay Bob, see you later."  
Chief Superintendent Ramsey pulled out a pack of Marlboro lites, lit one
  and sat watching the traffic with a concerned expression on his face. With
  everything that had happened he couldn't seem to actually ask after Charlie
  Wright Patterson outright, technically she wasn't a police officer but he still
  didn't know if she were dead or alive.  
*  
It's funny how people's attitudes to flying differ. Sheila, for example,
  could spend whole nights happily blindfolded, gagged and bound and could stay
  in one position almost indefinitely without moving a muscle but put her on
  a plane and she'd be restless within Five minutes and looking up and down the
  rows of seats for someone to have an argument with whilst I would be quite
  content to read a book or sleep the whole way.  
This time of course things were slightly different. Normally I would want
  to get to sleep BECAUSE of Sheila but now there was no Sheila to hide from,
  an unmitigated pain in the arse had been replaced by a sore back that felt
  like it was on fire and was still leaking blood occasionally.  
The hospital had not been exactly fun, partly because they had put me in
  a cubicle in Casualty next to an incandescent Emma Bannion, who, despite the
  fact that she was calling me names that were making even the hardened casualty
  staff blush, looked quite cute in her hospital gown, wriggling her toes and
  blaming me for just about every human ill since the beginning of time.  
By the time she had been x-rayed and the doctors had decided she had three
  cracked ribs I thought she might have run out of steam but she hadn't. I was
  on my front having the glass removed from my back by a young student doctor
  with what appeared to be an overgrown pair of tweezers and Emma was cussing
  me ever so quietly under her breath. She'd already covered all the F and B
  words and now whilst she waited for the all clear to collect her painkillers
  and go home she had reached the C's.  
 Every time she called me a cunt of some description, ever so quietly but
  just loud enough to hear, so the young doctor, a German girl called Annalise,
  would either tense or just start a little and each time it would be transmitted
  directly through to my already sore back and all the while DI Bannion would
  lay there with a smug, self satisfied look on her face.  
*  
"So where am I then?" Seven and Nine had helped Heather to stand up. Her
  ankles were still bound together and Seven was now blindfolding her whilst
  Nine was helping her to stay upright.  
"We call it The Village," Heather could sense something. It was like a low
  kind of rumble. She nodded  
"The Village huh? Don't seem very Villagey!" satisfied that she could stand
  whilst bound and blindfolded the two silver women were now pulling out a large
  drawer form the large single bunk in which Heather had originally found herself.  
"Okay so if you're Five and these are Seven and Nine&hellip;hey, careful
  Nine! Or is it Seven? If you wanted my panties I could have taken them off
  for you.&quot; then she tried to move her bound wrists, &quot;or maybe not!&quot; she
  said reflectively, gentle, ticklish hands made her start,&quot; Hey! That's
  my pussy you've got there, I kinda wanna hang on to that&hellip; aaah!" it
  was a short little gasp. A gasp born not of pain but of pleasure. She felt
  soft gentle fingers sliding against her outer lips. They felt greasier than
  they should and then they went away only to return seconds later feeling softer
  and slimier than they did before. Five spoke bringing Heather out of the momentary
  reverie she had fallen into.  
"It's lubricant, we need to untie your ankles, will you let us or will you
  try to run?" she was blindfolded for Chrissake but one silver being was holding
  her whilst the other was massaging her pussy softly and gently. It was a little
  overwhelming. She didn't speak, she didn't trust herself to, she just nodded
  her head and she could feel the girl behind her let go of her to crouch on
  the floor and begin to untie her.  
"Seven, just make sure she doesn't try to get away!" it was Five's voice,
  soft but insistent. So Seven must be on her knees in front of her and Nine
  behind her. She could kick out blindly. She could try to run but how would
  she get the blindfold off with her hands still tied?  
No, there was nothing for it but to bide her time and just accept, as best
  she could, whatever they were going to do to her.  
*  
Both Emma and I were still in Accident and Emergency when it was suddenly
  turned into something akin to a War Zone. The sound of sirens is never very
  far away when you're in the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel Road but now
  they were everywhere.  
 The walking wounded arrived first, either on foot or incredibly by taxi
  and then came the serious injuries. Even Five floors away the sound of the
  emergency helicopter that sits on the roof above Casualty waiting to go into
  action could clearly be heard coming and going as it ferried the most seriously
  wounded to the relative safety of the hospital.  
The plain clothes officer who had drawn the short straw and accompanied myself
  and Emma soon found out about the carnage in the East India Dock Road but it
  was only when a deathly pale Charlie covered to the neck in blankets, being
  drip fed saline and blood through canulas in both hands and with an oxygen
  mask strapped over her mouth was rushed through Casualty and straight into
  the area occupied by the Crash and Triage team, did we realise just how bad
  things really had been.  
*  
She felt the pressure go from her ankles as the last rope was removed but
  then she felt her legs being pushed apart and something that felt like a leather
  strap being attached to first one and then the other.  
"Hey, hey! I thought I gave you my word that I wouldn't try to run!" she
  felt a soft hand against her cheek for a few fleeting seconds and then the
  blindfold was removed.  
"I'm sorry Heather but your word is not enough!" Blinking against the intense
  white light Heather looked around her. She was still in the same room and she
  was standing just a few feet away from the white bed but now there was a twelve
  inch metal bar between her ankles, a leg spreader attached by wide leather
  straps that prevented her from moving very far.  
She didn't look Five straight in the eye at first.  
"Mmm good title for a song or even a film that," Then she smiled benevolently
  at Five, "Y'know "Your Word Is Not Enough?" Five looked at her as if she was
  a little lost or maybe her mind was elsewhere. Heather tended to pick up on
  things like that.  
"What's worrying you Five? What you afraid of?"  
From her strange confinement, the shaven headed, bare breasted being known
  as only as Five looked up at the tall barefoot woman whose lilac panties were
  just above her knees and whose bra was now being undone carefully by one of
  the silver clad figures both of whom had now removed their gloves to reveal
  white and black skin respectively.  
"We need to put you into Lock Down and we need to do it now, both Allison
  and Angela are now ready." as if in corroboration of her statement the door
  opened slowly. Two more silver creatures stood there but Heather was more concerned
  with their companions. She gasped in horror and turned slowly back to Five.  
"What the hell have you done to them?" she asked, her voice no more than
  a shocked whisper.  
*  
She pulled her anorak around her as best she could and tried to find the
  leeward side of the steps up to the hospital, the side that would protect her
  most from the wind. Hands deep in pockets, mobile phone tucked under her chin
  she was relieved to hear it being answered.  
"Hi! It's me. Yeah, best I could do, it's chaos here and it's the first chance
  I've had to get out. No. I'm okay, cold and a bit shaky, bloody cold in fact.
  My tights were in tatters so I've binned 'em and I'm absolutely freezing! Yes,
  soon. It's a mess but I've sorted it out as best I can. Yes, he's gone, she's
  taking him, yeah, as we agreed, so it worked out all right in the end didn't
  it?&hellip; But bloody hell - Semtex! Bloody Semtex! I'd have expected C4 or
  something similar but Semtex? What century is he in? Is he hoping they'll blame
  the IRA? Anyway, just as well I was there or he would have missed it completely.
  No, couple of cracked ribs but they're bloody sore. No, I don't think he suspects
  and before you ask I don't know HOW she is, I couldn't even get close. There's
  a couple of knuckle draggers from SO19 on the door as well so I've got no chance
  even if I flash my warrant card and smile, no one, but no one, is getting in
  there!"  
She listened intently for a few moments to the voice on the other end of
  the phone.  
"WHAT! Gerda's surfaced? Christ! No wonder the shit's hitting the fan. Look,
  you'll have to tell me later, I've got to get back; the doctors will be looking
  for me. Yeah, American Airlines flight 304, leaves just after midnight, gets
  into JFK around eight thirty. No, of course he doesn't know! I'm staying downtown
  from him and yes, I WILL be careful and I'll keep in touch. Yes, of course
  I will. Okay! Bye!"  
Detective Inspector Emma Bannion took hold of her mobile phone and dropped
  it into her pocket then she looked across the road to the market stalls outside
  Whitechapel Underground station and watched them being rapidly dismantled in
  the cold night air. They sold a lot of clothes over there and she made a mental
  note to come and take a look sometime.  
 Sometime when she didn't have quite as much on her plate as she did now.  
*  
Angela had a chain tattoo on her left ankle and it was now the only recognisable
  thing about her. The two new silver guards led their captives in on short chains.
  Short because they needed to control them closely. The girls could obviously
  not see and the short spreader bars between their bare ankles meant that that
  they could only take tiny, stiff little steps.  
Apart from Angela's tattoo there was little visible that even hinted at the
  identity of the two people now being led to the white bunk and helped to sit
  down. Their feet and legs were bare and it seemed as if they had been thoroughly
  cleansed even down to the removal of their nail polish. Their freshly waxed
  legs shone in the strong light.  
They were both dressed in shiny black PVC, their bodies covered literally
  from crotch to head. It appeared to be a one-piece garment at first although
  closer inspection would give the lie to that and it was quite obviously a distant
  cousin to a straitjacket. Their arms, rather than being crossed over each other
  below the breasts, were held rigidly at their sides and zipped uselessly into
  fists by soft, padded, shiny black gloves, very similar to boxing gloves but
  with just a little less bulk.  
As Heather took in the full horror of what they were wearing she heard Five's
  voice in the background.  
"Their arms are held in padded splints," she said in a dull monotone, " and
  although you can't see them, their necks are in orthopaedic braces. They couldn't
  move them if they tried but they ARE comfortable, I promise you that." It wasn't
  that Heather was unaccustomed to severely restrictive clothing, she'd used
  a lot of it on Angela AND Ally for that matter in the last few months but only
  for short periods of time. When Five had referred to Lock Down she had felt
  that she was talking about something a lot more permanent, "None of you will
  come to any harm," it was Five again, " as I said before we need to keep you
  out of the way for a while!" Heather was still stunned.  
It was the heads of the two girls that particularly concerned her because,
  to all intents and purposes, they no longer had any.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
        IN PART SIX   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART 6)   
BY   
WALLACE   
Any ideas I'd had about cargo planes flew out of my head the moment I arrived
  at Stansted. For some reason I'd been expecting an old, khaki coloured, twin
  prop Dakota held together with bits of string and lined inside with nothing
  more than wooden slats, the kind of thing paratroops used to jump out of.  
What I got was an A320 Airbus with a sleek jet turbine slung under each wing.
  Pure white apart from a red/blue tail and built on two levels with a spacious
  cabin and galley and a crew consisting of two pilots, a navigator and two stewardesses.
  When I got on board I found that not only was I not the only passenger that
  night but that the guests of honour, whose food was just being loaded from
  a large truck, were three thoroughbred horses on their way to stud in the States.  
It is fair to say that if they got star treatment then I and the head lad
  from the Somerset stable they came from, who was actually a head lass, and
  the vet who the insurance company insisted had to be with them at all times,
  also got looked after far better than we would have done under normal circumstances.  
Juliet, the dark haired head lad, loved horses and spent most of the first
  couple of hours below decks with them. Val, the tall, blonde haired vet was
  battling the flu, worried by the behaviour of Carlton Prince, one of her charges
  and also determined to ease my pain as well.  
She'd watched me shifting uncomfortably in my seat for some time before actually
  asking me what was wrong .The cabin crew were quite happy to ply us with as
  much drink as we required but we had so far refused, then the co-pilot Mike
  Mey, an hospitable South African from Cape Town with a fund of stories about
  flying who also knew what had happened to me earlier, eased himself into the
  cabin with an odd shaped bottle which he plonked in front of me and Val and
  winked broadly.  
"It's Imoya brandy. Imoya means Ancient Wind of Africa. Get a coupla glasses
  of that down your neck and you'll forget about your back!" he looked at Val, "It'll
  sort that cold out as well."  
Val, who was a natural sceptic, looked at him obliquely.  
"Anything it doesn't do?" she asked picking up the bottle and studying it
  closely.  
Mike looked at her carefully. It was the look of a man wondering just how
  far he could go.  
"Well, it's not very good as a contraceptive apparently!" he said taking
  the bull by the horns. Val continued to study the brandy bottle.  
" That's good!" she replied with just the trace of a smile, "'Cos there's
  about as much chance of me needing a contraceptive tonight as there is of Juliet
  needing a saddle to ride the horses around the flight deck!" Mike had taken
  on an expression of mock puzzlement.  
"Oh, so you're of that age where you don't need 'em any more. Is that what
  you mean?" he said innocently. Val bristled and took hold of the bottle by
  its neck  
"It would be a terrible waste if I emptied this over your head&hellip; but
  it wouldn't be the first time." Mike grinned.  
"Time to go fly the plane. If you need anything just ring." I nodded and
  Val settled back in her seat.  
"Try not to hold your breath!" she said with more than a trace of sarcasm.
  I turned slightly awkwardly to face her.  
"So? When are you going to ring?" she didn't look at me  
"What time does hell freeze over?" she asked quietly then she picked up her
  medical bag and began to rummage in it. "Now let's see, what's good for pain?" and
  at that moment I wasn't sure if she wanted to ease it or inflict it.  
*  
The journey to Stansted Airport was just another odd moment in a pretty odd
  day. Mister Price-Cunningham, the consultant orthopaedic surgeon, had pronounced
  me fit to travel after poking my back a few times and telling me jovially that
  my subcutaneous fat had probably saved me from more serious injury whilst regarding
  his own spare tyre through the half moon glasses perched on the end of his
  nose.  
Breaking every hospital rule possible Emma had immediately phoned DS Jones
  and told her to buy me some clothes and get me to the airport ASAP.  
Just under an hour later I was sitting in the passenger seat of Barbara Jones'
  small but surprisingly spacious little car as she picked her way quickly but
  confidently through the rat runs that would avoid the East India Dock Road
  which was still closed and take us on to the M11 which would lead us to Stansted
  Airport.  
Maybe it was me.  
Barbara and I didn't usually get on. It was something about her I think.
  An aura of dislike that she seemed to radiate. I always got the impression
  that she resented the relationship; such as it was, between Emma and myself.
  Whenever we needed to talk Barbara seemed to make it her business to be around.
  If ever I was with Emma, Barbara always seemed to phone and whatever we seemed
  to talk about Barbara always managed to pop into the conversation.  
Tonight however things were different.  
She smelt gorgeous and she looked radiant somehow, there was a definite glow
  about her. She wore a short leather blouson over a dark blouse and midi skirt
  but the skirt had ridden up to show her plump pantyhose covered thighs and
  the panty hose were sheer enough to show just a glimpse of pale white flesh
  through them. Her hair was soft and fluffy and her eyes were just lightly made
  up. As we grew closer to Redbridge and the M11 so Barbara Jones seemed to grow
  closer to me.  
We had talked about the bomb, we had talked about the incident involving
  Charlie and we had talked about Emma's injuries and mine. At traffic lights
  she had briefly touched my back and drew a breath when she felt the padded
  gauze that had been taped from my shoulders to my waist just to stop the blood
  ruining everything I wore because none of the lacerations had been deep enough
  to warrant stitching. When we reached the entry slip and as she changed gear
  her hand just grazed my upper thigh. She looked at me.  
"I wish you didn't have to go tonight," she said huskily.  
 I felt something; a frisson of something or other ran down my spine. I didn't
  get on with Barbara but there was something there, something lurking in her
  personality that attracted me to her.  
Something that attracted me strongly.  
I needed to steer her away from this. I noticed the clock on the dashboard.  
"Look at the time Babs! At this rate we won't make it at all." She looked
  at me through the rear view mirror.  
"Oh yes we will. I've already phoned on ahead and if there ARE any problems
  I'll just handcuff you and take you through Check-In and Customs as an escaped
  prisoner!" It wasn't my imagination; she really did lick her lips. She was
  staring at me through the mirror again.  
"Would you like that?" she asked softly, "Would you like me to handcuff you?" that
  frisson again accompanied by a shivery tingle down my spine. I shifted in my
  seat but it wasn't my back this time, it was something a little further down.
  Her voice was now even lower, no more than a dark erotic whisper. Even the
  Sodium/ Mercury lighting of the Motorway seemed dim and full of shadows at
  that point  
"Emma says you like to be in charge. I know you tie her up. I know she likes
  it. She likes being helpless." Barbara's face was full of shadows now. "She
  loves you!" she said hoarsely. "She was crying today because of what you said
  to her, because of what you think she's doing but she loves you. And you and
  her both think I hate you but you're wrong! You're both really, really wrong!
  The nearest thing to hate&hellip;" I realised she was already signalling and
  looking over her shoulder. We crossed two lanes of traffic and passed under
  a bridge. In a matter of seconds we were on the hard shoulder and stationary.  
Before I could do or say anything she had leaned over and put her arms very
  gently around my sore shoulders drawing me into her. Her mouth was already
  open, her breath warm and fragrant. She started where she had finished,  
"&hellip;the nearest thing to hate, Bill, is love!" and then she kissed me
  full on the lips.  
*  
Mike eased himself into the right hand seat just as Steve Burton; the Australian
  pilot was routinely checking his instrumentation. The lights were down on the
  flight deck and apart from the faraway hiss of the jets all was quiet. Tom
  Roberts, the navigator, was rechecking his calculations.  
"That head wind from earlier? It's dropped. We should be bang on time." Steve
  smiled.  
"Well that'll make a nice change. Probably be a first for Carlton Bloody
  Prince to be anywhere on time!" Mike looked at him wryly.  
"Used to do him when you were betting, huh?" Steve grimaced.  
"Every bloody time! Lovely horse, just didn't know where the flaming winning
  post was when I backed him!" he turned to his co-pilot, "Mike, I'm picking
  something up on the radar that shouldn't be there, check it for me willya?" Mike
  was already leading forward.  
"Sure. 'bout two miles off to port and closing?"  
"That's the baby! Wanna try New York for me?" Mike had the microphone in
  his hand.  
"New York Centre, this is British United Airlines flight two niner. Do you
  copy?" The reply was instantaneous. A female voice studiedly bored.  
"Good evening two niner, this is New York Centre. We currently have you on
  heading zero five two. ETA twenty one thirty nine hours, Eastern Standard Time."  
Mike could also sound bored when he needed to.  
"Roger that, New York. We have some activity off our port wing, now less
  than a mile away and closing, are you aware?" he squinted at the radar screen
  again. "We do not recognise the signature."  
The voice was a familiar one. They had spoken before. Echoing a line from
  Close Encounters of the Third Kind it replied,  
"Do you wish to report a UFO, two niner?" he smiled, he could picture the
  air traffic controller using the remark to buy herself just a little time.
  No pilot in his or her right mind ever did these days.  
"That's a negative New York but it's getting closer!"  
"We copy two niner. Appears to be the signature of a large helicopter, maybe
  a Sikorsky Black Hawk, but its faint and it keeps changing. We have no registered
  activity in the area and we are contacting the military, suggest you prepare
  for evasive action. Copy?" but BUA 29 did not copy because at that moment the
  Sikorsky Black Hawk off their port wing opened fire.  
*  
I couldn't help myself, I just couldn't. If I had the balls I might try and
  defend myself but I'd be defending the indefensible. I was tired. I was upset.
  I was hurt emotionally and physically. At that point I was a big kid like most
  men are in a crisis and I guess I needed comfort.  
If I did then Barbara Lucas was the wrong place to look for it  
She was warm and she was soft. I could feel her breasts, her ample buoyant
  breasts nudging softly against me. Her tongue was already easing itself sensuously
  into my mouth, her hands moving so gently down my back wanting to soothe and
  calm and gently arouse that I didn't flinch, as I would have done under other
  circumstances. It must have gone on for five minutes.  
I felt calm and at ease  
She broke gently and then insinuated her lips against my neck.  
"I want to fuck you Bill!" she whispered. "But I want to make to make you
  wait!"  
I didn't really take on the full impact of her words until her hands began
  to move south. Until they were stroking around my belt, now she was whispering
  into my ear.  
"I think you need this bill. I think you need a STRONG woman.  
Now she was doing the unthinkable, she was stroking her hand across the front
  of my trousers, ever so gently.  
"You need me&hellip;" she whispered. "&hellip;and I need you!" one soft plump
  hand was pulling gently at my zipper. Her mouth slipped back over mine. "I
  need you Bill! " her voice was hoarse and breathy, " I need you as my slave!"  
*  
Tom saw it first.  
"Shit! Tracers! They're firing at us!" Steve Burton glanced over his left
  shoulder and saw the brilliant white gunfire.  
"Okay, seat belts everyone! Mike! Put out a mayday! Tom! Warn the passengers,
  turbulence will do." Mike was already on the microphone as Steve flicked the
  switch that would light up the seat belt warning in the cabin.  
"Mayday! Mayday! This is BUA two niner. We are under attack. Repeat, we are
  under attack. Unidentified aircraft approximately eight hundred kilometres
  West of the Irish coast. Coordinates&hellip;." In the background Tom was on
  the PA to the cabin.  
"Good evening ladies and gentlemen. This is your navigator Tom Roberts speaking.
  We have encountered an unexpected squall and turbulence and consequently may
  have to take avoiding action. Please fasten your seat belts. We apologise for
  any inconvenience." Steve was talking more to himself than to anyone else at
  that moment.  
"Okay, let's take her up and away from all this. If we can't outrun a helicopter&hellip;" but
  he was already too late. The now visible black helicopter was firing again.  
The plane lurched violently sideways. It seemed to hang for a moment as if
  it were about to fall out of the sky but then it continued onward.  
Mike saw it first.  
" Christ! We've been hit! Flameout port wing!" he watched incredulously as
  flames sprouted from the already blackened left turbine and the aeroplane went
  into a steep and unexpected dive toward the glittering, moonlit ocean below.  
*  
Inspector Martin was red-eyed and tired. He had undone his tie and was sipping
  something that tasted like freshly burnt rubber and old string he had got from
  a vending machine in A and E that alleged to sell coffee earlier. As Jimmy
  Clarke entered the main door he looked just as tired and just as red-eyed but
  he was also bad tempered with it.  
"Fuck it guv! Fuck it sideways!" This was unusual for Jimmy.  
"What's wrong?" he asked quietly and then remembered, "Oh, I got you a tea," he
  handed Jimmy a brown plastic cup which Jimmy studied for a second. The Inspector
  grinned, "its hot and wet&hellip;well it's wet, that's all I can say." Jimmy
  took the cup and gulped most of it down as if looking for Dutch Courage. He
  looked at the Inspector apprehensively.  
"Just been on the dog and bone to the factory, they're monitoring radio messages
  to and from the flight Bill's on." The Inspector nodded silently and Jimmy
  continued, "The last we got was that they were under attack!" The Inspector
  stared at Jimmy suddenly galvanised.  
"WHAT?" Jimmy nodded.  
"From a Sikorsky Black hawk like the one they lost over Dover." The Inspector's
  body language had changed completely.  
"Well? What are we doing about it and why wasn't I told earlier?" Jimmy's
  voice was placatory.  
"It's being dealt with guv and I thought you had enough on yer plate right
  now as it was. Rose McGregor was in the office when it came in. She's already
  spoken to the Ministry of Defence and they've scrambled a couple of Tornado's.
  They've also got a new aircraft carrier, HMS Indefatigable, undergoing sea
  trials somewhere in Mid Atlantic; she's been apprised of the situation too! " Jimmy's
  voice dropped.  
"How is she guv?" the Inspector seemed suddenly distracted.  
"What? Oh. She's critical but stable. Next twenty-four hours should tell.
  Socco have found it. It's a tiny needle about six inches long, probably fired
  from some kind of high-powered air rifle. Chances are she didn't realise she'd
  even been shot, just felt light headed and breathless from the punctured lung.
  They're not too worried about that at the moment they're more concerned about
  the needle they found near her heart, they don't know what damage, if any,
  it's done yet.  
Jimmy looked down at his feet.  
"Mmm, funny that." he looked at the Inspector. "Y'know, the way the Guv'nor
  never asked after 'er!" but the Inspector was studying the notice boards around
  the corridor.  
"You said they'd scrambled the RAF?" Jimmy nodded.  
"That's right guv! 'bout five minutes ago!" the Inspector was far away.  
"You know what current policy is regarding terrorism after 911?" Jimmy was
  mystified. He shook his head.  
"Dunno what you're&hellip;" but the Inspector would not be stopped.  
"If there is the slightest reason to believe that an aircraft is carrying
  a bomb they will shoot it down&hellip; if anyone should happen to phone the
  airline or the papers alleging&hellip;"  
But Jimmy was already running out the door to telephone the Assistant Commissioner.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART SEVEN   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART SEVEN)   
BY   
WALLACE   
When I first met Sheila, and that meeting was strange enough in itself, the
  whole pattern of my life changed. My social life, my home life, my sex life
  even, altered beyond all comprehension because along with Sheila, as some kind
  of bargain package, came several, not hangers on but friends. Friends of Sheila,
  or rather people whom Sheila tolerated and who tolerated her and who soon became
  friends of mine.  
People who knew Sheila tended to huddle together like a sort of raggle-taggle
  support group although whether the support was needed for her or for them was
  never obvious  
Linda Hutton was the first and the most enduring. She turned up a week or
  so after I had rescued or even saved Sheila from her self-imposed bondage and
  a very uncomfortable night on the sofa with just her increasingly worried cat
  Bruce for company. Linda was a born actress and despite herself and Sheila
  being at each other's throats most of the time, she was very careful when it
  came to men, Sheila's men that is.  
Of course in the light of later events you could put another spin on that
  but Sheila had been in one abusive marriage and had, it later transpired, been
  saved from rape by Linda who was also indirectly the cause and was subsequently
  very protective of her friend and got very little thanks for it in return.  
Linda was a born actress; there were several Linda personas, the hard Cockney
  dominatrix being one. The louche bimbo who turned up on my doorstep one morning
  and tried to get me into bed with her to see how faithful I would be to Sheila
  was another. But the real Linda was much softer, quieter and gentler and she
  only emerged when the other Lindas thought it was safe for her to make an appearance.  
When it became obvious that part of my duties as partner to Sheila would
  be to keep her tied up as intricately and ingeniously as I could for as long
  as possible I enlisted Linda to help me. I knew a fair bit about bondage and
  the like already, the reasons for which there are no need to go into right
  now, but I needed practical help. Linda suggested that I learn the way she
  did, from the "bottom" up because she believed that the only way to be properly" dominant" was
  to see things the way a "submissive" saw them and that without doing that it
  was impossible to fully appreciate the way a the person you were "topping" felt.  
The tier needed to do the tying occasionally.  
In other words she wanted to tie me up.  
It didn't work.  
The real Linda is a terrible giggler and it tends to be contagious. As soon
  as the whips and the chains came out and she started to show me her collection
  of occlusive hoods and told me to strip we started to laugh. Neither us could
  deal with the situation without collapsing into fits of laughter and we soon
  abandoned it as a bad job.  
We had no such problems when it came to me tying Linda up but that is entirely
  another story.  
When Barbara Jones suddenly suggested, whilst insinuating her tongue down
  my throat, that she wanted me to be submissive to her, you might therefore
  have expected a fit of the giggles to occur or at the very least that I would
  push her away in disbelief but I didn't do either of those things.  
In fact I was incredibly aroused.  
Her hand was now gently stroking my abdomen and upper thigh sending shivers
  up and down my spine. I wanted to push her away but it didn't happen. I tried
  to reason with her.  
"Barbara, I &hellip;"  
"Sssh!" She kissed me again. Her hand was wandering towards the zip of my
  trousers. "This is what I've always wanted&hellip;" I'm not quite sure if it
  was me, or her, or both us that took a deep breath as her hand reached my zipper
  and begun to tug gently at it. "I'm already half way there!" for a moment I
  wondered what she was referring to and then she reached up with her free hand,
  took the hand that I was holding against her cheek and guided it down to her
  right leg.  
Despite the fact that heavy lorries and buses and coaches were passing us
  and despite the fact that rain was now drumming on the roof of the car I was
  conscious only of her as she began to rub my hand against the soft nylon of
  what I had always assumed were her tights and then began to guide it upwards.
  So, so, slowly upwards, kissing me all the while, easing my hand forward, sliding
  it under her skirt and ever onwards.  
It seemed as if we were breathing together, in sync, as her soft hand urged
  mine forward until, instead of gusset, I encountered thicker nylon and then
  a sudden feel of soft flesh and the hardness of a suspender.  
 She was wearing stockings.  
Kissing me all the time, rubbing her hand against mine, she helped me explore
  her soft, bare, upper thigh, taking my hand back from time to time to let me
  feel the silky stocking top. Suddenly she moved it forward. I didn't need to
  be Einstein to guess where and it already felt warm.  
Warm and inviting.  
I felt a shiver run through me as she suddenly slid my zip down.  
"I want you!" she whispered as she eased my hand against her soft warm panties
  with one hand and slipped the other inside my now open trouser front. "I want
  you Bill. I've already got one slave&hellip; It's a fantasy I've always had
  to have two slaves&hellip; bound and gagged and doing everything I asked&hellip; and
  now I've got one and I want&hellip;" she paused for a second. Her hand was
  now running around the edge of my underpants teasing me, making me grow, making
  me hard and wanting more. I was shivering as I felt soft fingers against the
  sensitive flesh of my abdomen and then the sudden shock and elation as those
  soft gentle fingers touched me. Touched my now erect penis just as she urged
  my hand into the leg of her panties and rubbed it gently into her amazingly
  soft pubic hair.  
"Mmm." She kissed me again "You're bigger than I imagined and it's hard!
  Very, very hard!" she kissed my ear and whispered, "Don't you ever have sex?" then
  she urged my hand forward again even as her own was forming a fist and wrapping
  itself gently, so, so gently, round the shaft of my penis. "That's it!" she
  mouthed against my neck, biting and nibbling it gently. "Feel my pussy! It
  is sooo wet! So juicy!"  
 It was.  
 It was warm and moist, more than moist, and very inviting. Her hand was
  beginning to rub faster against me. It felt blissful. I began to slowly finger
  fuck her.  
She was whispering again,  
"Imagine what this will be like when I've got you tied up and I leave you
  in charge of my girl slave whilst I go out to work. She's at home now. Tied
  up. With a big fat dildo in her fanny and a little cover over her clit so she
  can't get off on it!&quot; she kissed me again. "I keep her hands tied and
  only I can touch her clit. Some nights I ungag her and she begs me! She begs
  me Bill. She begs me to touch her clit and put her out of her misery but I
  don't. And that's what I'll do to you Bill. I'll have you tied up in rubber!" she
  kissed me again more passionately than before, more passionately than I thought
  was possible. "I love rubber, " she whispered, "I love the feel and I love
  the smell and so does my slave!" she ran a delicate finger around the glans
  of my penis almost making me jump out of my skin. Automatically I pushed my
  fingers as far into her as they would go and she groaned with pleasure.  
She kissed me on the cheek.  
"She'll look after you Bill. She'll look after you while I'm away and she'll
  have strict instructions to keep you tied up and gagged and your cock HARD!" she
  spat the word at me. She had gripped me again and was moving her hand against
  me purposefully now whilst I was easing my fingers in and out of her and bringing
  my thumb into contact with her clitoris. "I want your cock fucking hard. Just
  like it is now! So that I can come home and fuck you whilst my slave watches
  you from the chair where I've tied her up!" she was running her hand from the
  very tip of my knob to the base and then pulling quite forcefully up again
  as if trying to literally jerk the spunk out of me.  
She kissed me hard.  
"Oh, I shall enjoy you Bill! I shall enjoy you both! You AND my little slave." If
  it were at all possible her voice seemed to become even huskier," I've named
  her after a book." The friction was beginning to build. "I've named her after
  another slave!" and just when something else should have been going on alarm
  bells started to go off in my head.  
 She kissed me yet again.  
"You know, the one in "The Story of O"!" and as Barbara Jones climaxed my
  mind suddenly went into overdrive.  
*  
Suzanne Prescott gave herself a cursory glance in the mirror and then smiled
  a dazzling white-toothed smile, the one she had become famous for on television.
  She adjusted the shoulder strap on her long black dress and put out a high-heeled
  sandaled foot just so she could see just how far the slit up her thigh extended,
  then she bent forward and ran her hands slowly and sensuously up her bare and
  freshly waxed left leg. She made a mental note to wear a black thong with the
  dress in future because what remained of her pubic hair was just visible through
  the slit.  
It was dark in the bedroom but there was enough light to see. She looked
  over to the bed.  
"Well Richard? What d'you think?" Richard did his best to answer but all
  he could do was raise his head a little and make mmphing noises through the
  three pairs of previously worn panties that were currently stuffed into his
  mouth and secured there with tape. Suzanne smiled and moved sensuously over
  to the bed. She looked good for her age, everyone told her she did.  
She'd been relatively famous in a Soap Opera nearly twenty years ago but
  her career had flagged until she'd been persuaded to take part in a reality
  TV show that had boosted her popularity, not to mention her bank balance, beyond
  all recognition.  
Suzanne was nearly fifty but didn't look it. She had been lucky, she didn't
  need cosmetic surgery and she didn't need make up to look good. She, unlike
  some of the other celebrities on the show, including some of the men, did not
  need two hours in the morning to make herself up, she could wash and dress
  and wander straight into the harsh view of the camera with no problems whatsoever.
  No one even mentioned the fact that she had put on more than a pound or two
  over the years, in fact the public loved her for it and she had become yet
  another overnight sensation.  
Now she made guest appearances, advertised coffee, electrical goods and clothes
  on TV, had her own makeover show in the pipeline and wrote a weekly column
  for one of the more right wing tabloids.  
 Suzanne pretty much had it all including a twenty five year old toy boy
  called Richard.  
After two failed marriages in which both husbands had run off with much younger
  women, Suzanne had decided that what was sauce for the goose was also fairly
  attractive to the gander and so she had blatantly picked Richard up in a night
  club nearly a year ago and they were still together. He hadn't strayed. He
  was attentive. He was good looking and vibrant and at the moment he didn't
  seem overly bothered about her money although she had already had her lawyers
  draw up a gagging contract in case of difficulties later. He showed every sign
  of loving her although Suzanne wasn't sure quite how SHE felt about that one.  
But it all came as a bit of a shock when Suzanne walked in one day unexpectedly
  and found a strange woman in the house. A strange woman who was admiring her
  very feminine figure in one of the bedroom mirrors and it took her a few moments
  to realise that she didn't have a potential stalker on her hands but a boyfriend
  who liked to wear the clothes she still kept from when she was younger and
  slimmer and who, apart from the obvious style problems, looked very good in
  them.  
She wasn't mad, she wasn't even vaguely upset, she just threw him on the
  bed as he was and without even bothering to close the curtains, stripped off
  her black stockings, tied his wrists to the bed, shoved her by now very damp
  knickers into his mouth and slipped her hand inside his, or rather her, Agent
  Provocateur panties.  
Richard had a fair sized cock. It was wide rather than desperately long and
  it filled her to perfection. She was amazed when she slipped a well-manicured
  hand into his warm, soft and silky panties. She tossed her head to move her
  hair out of the way and then put her mouth close to his ear.  
"You dirty fucking bastard!" she whispered hoarsely. "You've never been so
  fucking hard since I've known you." she slipped off her dress and her bra and
  then she pulled aside his panties and impaled herself on his rigid cock. It
  felt good, so good. She leaned forward and kissed him on his taped lips.  
"Don't come!" she ordered and then she half closed her eyes and luxuriated
  in the feel of his firm thick cock. She couldn't get quite as much penetration
  as she would have liked with her on top but just to have Richard helpless and
  dressed in her own soft silky clothes, writhing underneath her and loving every
  minute of it more than made up for that.  
From that moment on the pattern of their life changed completely. Suzanne,
  who had already been in charge, became bolder and Richard, who had secretly
  been wearing her clothes for months, could now do it almost all the time and
  now had his own wardrobe. With his long blonde hair and less than prominent
  Adams Apple he could easily pass as a female when dressed and they had recently
  taken to walking in the grounds of her large detached house near Reading, he
  wearing the underwear they went shopping for together, including black seamed
  stockings, underneath a black leather coat whilst she wore little more than
  a huge fake fur that made her feel warm and cosy and very, very randy and high
  heeled mules with a four inch heel.  
Richard was loving and subservient. He loved his role. He loved being her
  maid. He loved wearing rubber clothes, stockings and six-inch heels and fulfilling
  her every whim, which could include anything from running her a bath, to cooking
  her meals and licking her eager and very wet cunt whenever she required it.  
They had recently moved into water sports and Richard had, earlier that evening,
  been stripped to high heels, stockings and underwear and tied over a kind of
  vaulting horse in the "playroom" a large, airy, polished pine floored, ex bedroom
  on the second floor that housed their bondage equipment and whilst gagged and
  having his cock stroked had received a warm soapy four quart enema which had
  then been held in place by an inflatable butt plug whilst Suzanne had gently
  and sensuously stroked his rampant cock through his soft silky panties until
  he literally screamed for release though the soiled underwear stuffed in his
  mouth.  
If he was screaming for orgasm then his cries went unheeded but if he was
  screaming for release of the enema then his protestations were eventually rewarded
  and, collared and leashed, he was led on his high heels to the light blue en
  suite bathroom where he was finally allowed to let go of the high volume enema.  
Now, still wearing a pink and white corset with breast forms that were made
  from the same substance as real breast implants, black panties and black seamed
  stockings, he was tied and gagged on the bed whilst Suzanne slowly and seductively
  stripped for him.  
The sight of her plump tanned and naked body only added to the engorgement
  of his cock, which had been teased mercilessly for nearly four hours now. She
  always wanted to kiss him and thank him for still managing to get a hard on
  at the sight of her but she didn't. Instead she walked over to him, naked apart
  from her mules, sat delicately on the side of the bed, slipped her hand inside
  his panties and began to move her hand gently up and down his cock.  
The plug in his anus had helped keep him erect and Suzanne's gentle masturbation
  made him harder and harder.  
"Good boy!" she whispered softly running her free hand over his large testicular
  sac. " I think you need emptying," she intoned as if confiding some deep dark
  secret, "These bollocks are so big and fucking heavy!" then she looked into
  his eyes, "But I think you need a bit of ball torture first." He groaned and
  closed his eyes because he could guess what was coming.  
Suzanne leant forward and picked some things up off the bedside cabinet.
  They were small and innocuous looking but they provided her with a great deal
  of pleasure, the phrase "little things please little minds" often echoed at
  the back of her head when she did this. She picked up the elastic bands, stretched
  them a little, pulled the first one as far open as it would go and began to
  ease it over Richards's vulnerable, defenceless and clean shaven balls.  
Normally she would have ignored the phone when it rang at this time of night
  but she was expecting a phone call from her agent. Giving herself just enough
  time to snap all three bands in place she gave his gonads a quick squeeze said,  
"Think of me darling!" in a slightly ironic tone and walked over to the chair
  where she had left her bag.  
As a newspaper columnist Suzanne had to have an opinion on everything including
  current affairs and her stance on Iraq was a fairly radical one. She believed
  that all Allied Troops should be pulled out of the war zone immediately because,
  she believed, it was American intervention in world affairs that had caused
  the rise of Islamic Fundamentalism in the first place. She repeated this belief
  most weeks in her column and received almost as much praise as she did criticism
  for it.  
She answered the phone half expecting to hear that she had been "bumped" off
  a late night talk show for the second time in two weeks but when a male voice
  asked her to listen because the lives of hundreds, maybe thousands of people
  were at stake a simple Friday night television programme suddenly became the
  least of her worries.  
*  
So Barbara had a slave. A female slave and she had named her &quot;O" after
  the slave in "L'Histoire D'O" by Pauline Reage. It sounded familiar, very familiar.
  At the very least it was a coincidence. Less than 8 hours after that surreal
  conversation I had heard outside Charlie's office in which O had been mentioned,
  here she was cropping up out of the blue.  
Now I was intrigued and also causing concern to Barbara who, having climaxed
  herself, wanted to know why I hadn't. I brushed off her worries saying that
  we were getting very late and she immediately became business like, apologised
  for what had happened and told me not to worry but before we set off she pleaded
  with me not to get on the plane that evening.  
There are times when I wish I had listened to her.  
*  
Juliet went downstairs about one O'clock in the morning  
"You know I don't know which are the more troublesome," she said, grinning
  at first Val and then me, "men or horses!" and disappeared to check on Carlton
  Prince and his two travelling companions, Gingersnap and Go Solo.  
Val and I chatted for a while but when Juliet didn't reappear after about
  an hour she too went down to check that everything was okay.  
Left to my own devices I thought about Barbara, feeling mildly embarrassed
  for doing what I had nearly done and at my age as well, whilst Charlie's words
  echoed over and over in my head, " &hellip;maybe you're a switch. Maybe you're
  really a submissive&hellip;"  
 Was I?  
If I was I'd never had the slightest inkling about it, but my reaction to
  Barbara had taken me completely by surprise. I hadn't even told her where to
  get off as I should have done, in fact I'd promised to ring her as soon as
  I got back, partly because I felt there might be more to Barbara than met the
  eye and partly because, well you can probably work it out for yourself.  
There were a couple of times when I thought that I had heard noises downstairs
  but nothing came of it. Then came the announcement about turbulence, which
  I took at face value. It was only when the plane went into a steep dive and
  I heard screams from downstairs that I realised that something was going horribly
  wrong. I'd seen it all in films but I had no idea that one day I would really
  experience it. One moment we were moving steadily through the air, jets almost
  whispering, the next we were plunging toward the ocean, the engines screaming
  as if in pain.  
I could vaguely hear Val's voice shouting for help but even standing up was
  difficult. When it came to walking it was like trying to negotiate one of those
  Crazy Houses they have at the seaside. I'd heard about G forces but never experienced
  them. My cheeks felt as if they were being torn from my face and my limbs were
  so heavy I could hardly move them. It was like walking in a gale.  
Finally I reached the spiral staircase and half walked, half fell down it
  and when I finally reached the bottom I really wished that I had stayed where
  I was, in the comparative safety of the cabin.  
I was looking at a scene from hell.  
Gingersnap and Go Solo were whinnying with fright but lying down in their
  stalls. Carlton Prince wasn't. Val had been concerned about him all night and,
  it seemed, rightly so. Even now he was rearing up on his hind legs and bringing
  his front hooves crashing down onto the gate of his stall, which was already
  bent and buckled and looked like it would collapse at any moment.  
I suppose my mind had blocked it out at first because suddenly I noticed
  what looked like a bundle of rags on the floor below the rearing horse, a bundle
  of rags which was leaking red stuff all over the floor and which I realised
  with mounting horror had to be Juliet. I ran over to her as best I could, trying
  to avoid Carlton Prince's flailing hooves but even as I did it I realised that
  her head had been smashed in.  
We were still plummeting downwards; the jets were still screaming, the wind
  seemed to be wailing all around us. From what seemed like far, far away I heard
  something behind me. A voice. A female voice.  
"Leave her! You can't do anything for her now. She's dead!"  
I turned as best I could. Val was propped against a bulkhead, blood running
  from the side of her mouth, clutching her stomach with both hands.  
It was like walking up hill but I managed it. I crouched down on the floor
  beside her, my hands shaking, wanting to throw up, scared, scared for me, scared
  for Val, scared for the frightened animal that was threatening to kick its
  way out of its stall at any moment.  
I touched her hand and was about to ask the question I dreaded asking but
  she beat me to it,  
"He's got a torsion," she jerked her head towards the shying horse and shouted
  over the screaming engines, "A torsion of the bowel. Fucking stable vet should
  have noticed it; we tried to calm him because he was frightening the others.
  We sedated them but when we tried him he just lashed out. Juliet didn't stand
  a chance and I stood there like an idiot," tears began to run down her cheeks, "then
  he kicked me in the stomach." I touched her lip and wiped the blood away. I
  looked into her eyes, worried, scared. How badly was she hurt? She tried to
  smile.  
"It's not that bad. I bit my lip when he kicked me, nearly bit through it!" then
  in a tiny voice she asked, "What's happening?" I shook my head, I knew as much
  as she did. There was a crash. Two of the bars on the stall gate had hit the
  floor. Carlton Prince was almost free. Val's hand was already reaching into
  the bag that had landed close to her when she fell. What she bought out was
  an odd looking thing that had a pistol grip. She handed it to me.  
"It's a bolt. A humane killer." She must have read my mind, "If he gets free
  he could kick his way through the fuselage of this plane and kill us all!" she
  looked up at me, "Look at his right leg, his fetlock, it's broken, he's dead
  already. We can't do anything for that!" my stomach turned over. There was
  blood running down the horse's right leg and bone was quite clearly sticking
  out of it. The plane was still diving. I wondered how long it would be before
  we hit the water and then Carlton Prince finally broke free and was flying
  headlong towards us.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART EIGHT   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
Sent October 4 th  2004  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART 8)   
BY   
WALLACE   
Lady Heather stared in amazement. She'd seen occlusive hoods before but never
  anything quite so stringent as the ones Ally and Angela were now wearing. Made
  of shiny black PVC like the rest of their outfits, they were inflatable and
  had been blown up to roughly the size of an over large watermelon.  
Where the eyes and ears of the two girls should have been were large round
  stoppers that also appeared to be inflatable but were made of contrasting white
  plastic. It was obvious that they could neither see nor hear.  
They couldn't speak either but their mouths had been dealt with differently.
  Heather was still bound and virtually naked, Five could see her staring at
  the girls.  
"The hoods are attached to their lips by a special adhesive&hellip;" Heather
  looked at her in disgust.  
"Superglue! You've superglued the fucking hoods onto them you bastards!" she
  noticed Five's arm move slightly and as if by telepathy the door opened and
  another silver creature entered. This one was carrying a cattle prod.  
Seven and Nine had already stood up and both were touching her. Seven laid
  a soothing palm against her cheek whilst Nine put her hands lightly on her
  shoulders.  
"It's a form of superglue but we have a solvent. It won't hurt them in any
  way." Five was doing her best to placate Heather. They locked eyes until Heather
  finally looked away with an expression on her face that suggested repulsion.  
Unlike normal inflatable hoods these had openings for the mouth. The only
  way they could inflate them would be by sealing them to the skin  
The girl's lips were now white and plump. There was another stopper in each
  of their mouths, which filled them completely and prevented speech of any kind.
  Heather looked back at Five. She spoke very, very quietly.  
"Why? Why couldn't you just gag them and put the hoods over the top?" Five
  replied immediately.  
"Because we needed to have access to their mouths. You'll see why later.
  Besides, this is much safer in the long run. Those lips extend into their mouths
  forming a kind of gum shield. They hold down the tongue and keep their airways
  open. It also covers their teeth and prevents them from biting anything." She
  looked at Heather archly. "You'll thank us for that tomorrow!" before Heather
  could ask the two new guards helped the girls to sit awkwardly on the white
  bunk and another question entered her mind.  
"How do you know if they're okay? Do you care?" Five suppressed a sigh. Once
  again Heather saw her upper arm muscles flex, she moved forward a little and
  a small golden microphone dropped down from her headband. She spoke softly
  and almost lovingly into it.  
"Allison. Allison can you hear me?" Heather watched in amazement as the shiny
  black figure nearest the door slowly nodded its head. Five looked at Heather
  and then continued. "Allison, Lady Heather is worried about you. Have the girls
  hurt you in any way?" slowly, very slowly the black clad figure shook its strange
  head. Five was still studying Heather, "And finally Allison, are you in any
  way uncomfortable and are your inserts troubling you at all?" there was a pause
  that in reality was quite brief but which seemed to last forever in the strange
  atmosphere of the white room that they were in. Finally the figure of Allison
  responded to the question and she slowly shook her head once more. Heather
  looked down at Five with a puzzled expression  
"They've got ear pieces?" Five nodded.  
"Mmm. Inside their earplugs, we use them on the new girls." Heather asked
  the question as casually as she could.  
"What for?" but Five didn't answer instead she looked up at Heather  
"Happy now?" she asked a trifle irritably. Heather remained stone-faced.  
" You mentioned inserts. What damn inserts?" it was obvious that Five was
  beginning to lose patience but she soldiered on.  
"Nothing for you to worry about Heather, you'll see them, or rather feel
  them soon enough and they seem to be keeping young Angela happy!" Heather looked
  over at the apparently serene figure of Angela. Apart from being led in and
  sat down she hadn't so much as twitched a muscle since. Heather wasn't a user
  but right now she wished she had some gum to chew.  
"Yeah, well Angela would be happy in a field fulla carrots&hellip;" Five
  had had enough.  
"I've been patient with you Heather, I've answered all your questions and
  I've indulged you for long enough! Now let us get on with what we have to or
  I'll just have you gagged and we'll do it without your input!" Heather's eyes
  narrowed.  
"Who are you?" she asked quietly. The bald headed woman's eyes became tiny
  slits.  
"I've already told you, I am Five." Heather looked at her sceptically.  
"Where is this place?" Five's annoyance was deepening.  
"I've told you that too. We call it The Village, that's all you need to know!" but
  Heather would not be put off.  
"Who's this "Number One"?" Five's hackles rose visibly and so did her voice.  
"YOU are Number Sixty Six!" before she could say any more Heather jumped
  in.  
"So I'm being "assimilated" am I? Like Seven and Nine? Like you! Well I'm
  not a number like you Five I'm a&hellip;" Five's reply bordered on angry.  
"You are not being "assimilated" as you call it! You are being put into Lockdown
  for your own safety. You don't need to know any more and you will not be told
  any more!" She paused and looked over at the two silver clad girls standing
  in front and behind Lady Heather, " Nine hold her head! Seven use the ring
  gag on her. If she won't open her mouth pinch her nostrils and then slide it
  in when she has to open it!" there was a pause, a long pause. The two girls
  stood motionless. Heather decided that this was not the right time to say anything.
  Five drew a breath, when she did speak her voice was very quiet.  
"If you two choose not to do what I tell you, then I'll have you both put
  into lockdown with THEM and I'll keep you here for as long as I want and I'll
  do whatever I want to the pair of you!" she looked at the girl standing in
  front of Heather. "It was a joy being in control of you last week Seven! I
  loved every minute of it. I felt everything you felt and you felt everything
  I wanted you to feel. I loved having you at my mercy but next time, next time;
  I won't be quite so easy on you. Do you understand?" It was hard to show fear
  under a mask and Seven didn't exactly crumple under the onslaught of Five's
  words. She stood stock still for a moment and then she made a kind of curtsy,
  bending just one knee, then, touching Heather on the cheek once more, she picked
  up a large padded ring with two black leather straps attached.  
Heather didn't want to get the girl into any more trouble than she might
  already be in. She couldn't spread her legs because the bar between her ankles
  was already doing that but she shifted her bare feet as best she could and
  moved her bound wrists slightly, flexing her shoulder muscles to ease the tension
  in them at the same time.  
"Okay Seven!" she drawled, "I'll come quietly!" she knew there was a joke
  there somewhere but this seemed neither the time nor the place. She looked
  the silver creature in the eye as best she could through the mask and said
  softly, "Okay girl. Do your worst!" and then she opened her mouth.  
As she did so and without any warning Nine leaned into her and cupped both
  of her bare and ample breasts in her soft hands. Heather allowed herself the
  luxury of feeling the girl's body against her and somehow it made her imminent
  gagging a less than galling experience.  
Seven eased the ring into her mouth forcing her jaws a little wider than
  they already were and then she too leaned into her, ostensibly so that she
  could buckle the gag behind her head.  
Heather felt the girl's shiny PVC crotch sliding against her own bare, clean
  shaven slit and she suddenly wanted to kiss the girl who was rubbing against
  her so provocatively but she couldn't. There was a mask between them and maybe
  something more.  
She'd had a long time to think about this and she'd also watched the girls
  in action. They weren't totally brainwashed. They had minds of their own but
  they also had restrictions. She had seen their limited movements and noted
  their silence and now she was sure that her theory was right. They were bound
  in some way, some way that restricted their movements and they were gagged
  as well. Not once had she heard any of the girls speak.  
There was something else too.  
Their sensuousness.  
They would take any opportunity to touch and to feel, just like they were
  doing now. Not even the fact that they were hiding behind a mask would make
  someone quite as uninhibited as that.  
Not unless&hellip;  
Not unless there was something freeing those inhibitions or causing some
  kind of sensory overload.  
She thought back to the remark Five had made about inserts and then with
  a vague feeling of disappointment she felt Seven moving away from her. If it
  were at all possible Five sounded even more impatient than before.  
"At last! Now, lets see how effective it is." Her eyes travelled. " You can
  move away from her Nine, there'll be plenty of time for that later!" reluctantly
  it seemed, Nine finally let go of the breasts that she had been massaging so
  lovingly. Five turned back to Heather. " Good! Now Heather I want you to try
  to speak for me. Go on&hellip; speak!" but Heather had had enough for one day
  and she was trying to send a message too. She was trying to tell the girls
  who, she was absolutely sure now, were not doing this willingly, that she would
  cooperate with them rather than Five who was a figure of authority.  
That she was an ally and could be trusted.  
Heather stood silently looking toward the door of the white room. Five's
  eyes had narrowed again.  
"I'll ask you once more Heather. Please try to speak for Me." She said it
  slowly and clearly, the way English people speak when they are abroad and can't
  speak the language but Heather said nothing. Five looked at the tall blonde
  woman standing defiantly in front of her  
"Can't speak was made to speak!" she said quietly and then she turned her
  head towards the silver girl with the cattle prod who stood silently at the
  door. "Twelve!" she snapped, "Come over here, you're needed!"  
Twelve walked slowly into the little tableau before her. Seven made the most
  infinitesimal movement of her head and Nine touched Heather briefly on the
  arm but she stood firm. Five was now showing a streak in her that Heather hadn't
  reckoned on her having. She'd started this and she couldn't back down now.
  Five turned to the newcomer. .  
"Set it to high," she said softly almost as if talking to a child. Twelve
  hesitated for no more than a second. "Yes, high, Twelve and any more disobedience
  from any of you and I shall send YOU Twelve to Number Two and you won't like
  that will you?" her voice was low and deliberate, "because last time she whipped
  your pussy didn't she? That little CUNT between your legs. She shaved it and
  she whipped it and she hung you upside down and whipped it again! And someone
  had trouble walking for a few days after that." She hadn't taken her eyes off
  the silver clad being for a second and it was something of a shock when she
  suddenly raised her voice, "DIDN'T THEY TWELVE?"  
 Twelve nodded silently, Five turned her head away from her, and said in
  a voice that was barely audible, "Although by all accounts you enjoyed it!"  
 She looked at Heather for what seemed like an age and said finally. "Her
  breasts first, Twelve, one shock on each and if that doesn't get a response
  I want you to put it in her cunt and hold it there. Do I make myself clear?" Twelve
  nodded a little reluctantly.  
 It suddenly seemed very warm in the little room. Five moved the silent vehicle
  to which she was so strangely attached in order to see better and then she
  looked up at Heather again.  
"No more chances, you either speak or you don't!" Heather stood silent and
  Five didn't hesitate, "Shock her Twelve! Shock her now!"  
Heather had been a bit of a tomboy when she was younger and she'd had a thing
  for electrics, something that had manifested itself in other ways in later
  life. On one occasion she'd taken a tape recorder apart and put it back together
  again but once and only once she had forgotten to take the plug out before
  touching the coil and it had sent her flying across the room with all her muscles
  twitching.  
She swore that if Nine hadn't grabbed her when she did she would have hit
  the opposite side of the small white room that was rapidly turning into some
  kind of torture chamber. It was as if someone had touched her tit with a red-hot
  poker and then made every muscle in her body spasm. The worst thing was losing
  control of her movements but she recovered quickly and silently and stood looking
  at the door once more. She wasn't expecting what happened next.  
The little car moved forward again and Five snatched the cattle prod out
  of Twelve's hands. She wasn't even looking at Heather now.  
"I haven't got time for this!" she said shortly, "TALK TO ME YOU BITCH!" and
  then she thrust the cattle prod deep into Heather's already lubricated vagina
  and switched it on.  
*  
Steve Burton had to shout to make himself heard over the noise of the wind
  and the screaming jet engines,  
" Mike gimme a hand here!" Mike Mey instinctively grabbed at the controls.
  Steve had taken the autopilot off line shortly after they had identified the
  helicopter, the helicopter that the New York control centre was still attempting
  to contact. Between them they tried desperately to pull the aircraft out of
  its dive.  
Not looking away from his instruments Steve shouted across to his co pilot  
."What's the status of that engine?" At the top of his voice Mike shouted
  back  
"The extinguishers have put it out. I did my best to feather it but it's
  cut out altogether now. Don't think the engine itself is damaged too bad. They
  hit the fuel line, that's what caused the fire!"  
They had been flying well above a weather system in mid Atlantic at about
  Five thousand feet and whilst they still had a long way to travel they had
  to hit the ocean eventually.  
At the moment they were falling through cloud and the helicopter was nowhere
  to be seen. Steve glanced over at Mike.  
" Can you start it again?" Mike shook his head.  
"Negative. Auxiliary pump should have kicked in by now!" Steve was a man
  who seemed to be running out of lifelines.  
"Can you start it manually?" the aircraft bounced skittishly as they hit
  real turbulence. Both pilots held their breath for a second, worried that the
  helicopter might have returned, finally Mike blew out his cheeks.  
"Risky! Could blow the whole fucking thing, then where would we be?" Steve
  Burton stared at him.  
"Could we be worse off than we are now?" Mike was already hunched over the
  instrument panel. They had left Tom in charge of communications. Still wrestling
  with the controls Steve shouted back to him.  
"What's going on Tom?" Tom turned in his seat as best he could  
"New York are on our case. They've contacted Andrews Air Force Base and they've
  got three F16s up in the air now. There are also some F15s coming from Lakenheath
  and the RAF are scrambling two Tornados and a Nimrod from Kinross!" he pointed
  downward with his thumb, " Somewhere down there there's a Royal Navy aircraft
  carrier and they're looking for us too!" Steve stared straight ahead of him.  
"Jesus Christ! They've got International fucking Rescue out after us! All
  we have to do is stay in the air! How's that pump coming Mike?" but Mike was
  too busy watching sparks fly out of the port engine.  
*  
I don't know what sort of crash I had been expecting. You somehow have this
  idea that hitting the water is less deadly than hitting dry parched earth,
  which is not apparently true. Anyway a sickening thud followed by flames and
  then hopefully total oblivion was churning in the back of my mind. Fortunately
  or unfortunately, whichever way you want to look at it, it never happened.
  It was as if a huge hand had suddenly made some kind of magic pass over the
  stricken plane and everything changed in seconds.  
From what must have been at least a Forty-Five degree angle we were suddenly
  in level flight. The wind noise eased and the jets took on a lower, less strident
  tone. I was holding Val in my arms trying to shield her from Carlton Prince
  but the levelling out seemed to have calmed him a little. He had reared up
  a few inches from us and then dropped back on to all fours again although he
  was holding his right fore leg up and away from the floor  
For a few seconds he looked around him and at the other horses sedated and
  relatively quiet in their stalls and then he shook his glossy brown head and
  whinnied pitifully. Val turned her head and whispered as if she were afraid
  that he might hear us,  
"You've got to do it Bill. He doesn't mean us any harm but he's frightened
  and he's in a lot of pain. We can't do anything about that leg and if the plane
  dives again&hellip;" my voice when I finally did speak was deep and cracked.
  My back hurt like hell, the painkillers were wearing off already.  
"What about you?" I asked. Val smiled as best she could  
"Yeah. I think I'm okay but I feel as if, as if&hellip;" as if she'd been
  kicked by a horse. I looked at the sleek animal standing a few feet away from
  me and got to my feet holding the gun that would fire a bolt into his brain
  in my right hand.  
"I don't want to do this Val. I really don't &hellip;" it was a horse not
  a human being. He didn't realise what was going on. He hadn't set out to kill
  Juliet or hurt any of us and he didn't mean us any harm. He was in a strange
  place with strange people and things were happening to his body that he didn't
  understand. Val looked up at me imploringly and suddenly I saw her side of
  things. Tears were running down her face again.  
"Please Bill. Please. He's in agony. Please don't let him suffer&hellip;" She'd
  just seen another person die and she was hurt herself, she was entitled to
  be emotional. She was probably entitled to want vengeance on Carlton Prince
  for what he'd done as well but she didn't seem to. I looked at the horse who
  was breathing hard but remained relatively quiet, Val said softly.  
"Between the eyes is the best place and squeeze the trigger like it were
  a gun. They don't know anything about it, I promise you." she took a deep breath
  and coughed hard, "I'd do it myself but&hellip;" her lip was bleeding again.
  I shook my head and sighed at the same time.  
"No. Stay where you are. You need a doctor not a stroll around the deck!" I
  walked forward slowly holding the gun away from the horse as if he could see
  and sense my intentions. Maybe he could because he suddenly shook his head
  and whinnied. My guts seemed to turn over and that shiver that I couldn't get
  rid of ran down my spine again.  
I was close now. Close enough to touch him. I reached out a hand and then
  turned back to Val for silent guidance. She nodded her head and I patted him
  on the neck.  
"Good boy. Good boy." I breathed it so quietly I wondered if he could hear
  me at all. Horses on TV are one thing but horses in the flesh, especially a
  hunter chaser like Carlton Prince, are a different matter entirely. He was
  taller than me and must have been at least eighteen hands. I didn't know how
  that equated in pounds and ounces but he was one hell of a big horse.  
 I got even closer and slowly raised the gun. Even as I did so the plane
  jinked first to the left, then to the right and seemed to accelerate with every
  pound of thrust that the pilots could muster whilst a series of what had to
  be muffled explosions went off somewhere behind us.  
Carlton Prince reared up.  
Caught off balance I tried to duck out of the way but I felt something hit
  me hard on the side of the head, saw a flash of white light which was followed
  by intense pain and everything went black  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART NINE   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead  
Sent 6/10/04  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART NINE)   
BY   
WALLACE   
Under other circumstances the long smooth object slipping inside her would
  have provoked feelings other than fear and repulsion and she was not going
  to let Five know what was going on in her head. She stared away from the car
  bound woman as blankly she could.  
Heather was playing a dangerous game and she knew it.  
There was no long period of eye contact.  
There was no battle of wills.  
 Five simply switched the cattle prod, which was now firmly embedded in Heather's
  vagina, on full and held it there.  
Her every muscle seemed to go into immediate spasm and the pain between her
  legs was indescribable.  
 She WOULD not scream.  
She WOULD not.  
She knew that at any moment she would either sink to her knees or collapse
  entirely. Seven and Nine could do nothing else but watch her mutely and just
  when it seemed as if she would have no option but to scream through the ring
  gag that held her mouth wide open a voice said.  
"Weyall! And what do we have heyah? " There was a pause and then the voice,
  with more than a little contempt, said, "Switch that thang off fahve. Switch
  it off right now!" the pain between her legs stopped as suddenly as it started.
  She wasn't sure if she was losing consciousness or hallucinating because the
  voice, that voice, seemed to come from an era long gone.  
 It evoked strong memories.  
She remembered the first time she had seen Gone With The Wind as a kid and
  marvelled at the Southern Belles in their finery and at the quaint way they
  spoke. For a while she had almost completely abandoned her tee shirts and jeans
  in favour of things much more feminine. For a while she had even affected an
  accent like Scarlett O'Hara's but she was eight years old then and she was
  positive that people didn't talk like that today, not even people from the
  deepest south.  
They didn't, did they?  
A gentle hand was gripping her arm, helping her to regain her footing .She
  was starting to feel more human. The nauseous feeling in the pit of her stomach
  was ebbing but that voice was there again.  
"Five," she pronounced it "Fahve", "Looks like you've been exceedin' yore
  authoridy agayan!" but before Five could speak that voice was suddenly very
  close to Heather's left ear.  
"Can you stand on your own Honey?" despite her bound hands and the leg spreader
  Heather felt pretty stable again. Now she was finally able to look at her saviour
  and when she directed her gaze upward all she could do was stare in amazement.  
 Instead of the frothy crinoline and the bouffant hairstyle that she had
  somehow been expecting, Heather saw the shiniest, most elegant, black PVC catsuit
  she had ever seen, augmented by shiny patent biker boots that reached to the
  knees and had silver lace holes. The collar of the catsuit was turned up and
  the zipper at the front pulled down to almost halfway revealing generous, more
  than generous, tanned breasts.  
The face of the newcomer was partially hidden, despite the fact that they
  were indoors, by large sunglasses but her lips were full, plump and glossy.
  She had a small, button nose and her hair, cut in a sixties style, straight
  and collar length, was blonde. She wasn't old Heather guessed, or at least
  she didn't look it but on the other hand, there was an air about her that suggested
  that she wasn't that young either.  
An air of calmness and maturity mixed with something else, a kind of open
  sexuality. This woman somehow wore her lust on her sleeve.  
She reached forward and brushed the short blonde hair out of Heather's eyes
  and stood back as if to admire the tall, naked and bound woman. Then she turned
  to the woman moulded to the small car.  
"Take that thing out of her insides this minute Fahve!" there was a long
  pause and then she said, "And I think you and Ah need to have a liddle talk
  lader!" She paused again as if thinking and then her face brightened into a
  fairly broad smile.  
" Tell ya what," she sashayed, there was no other word for it, over to Twelve
  who stood exactly the way she had when Five had divested her of the cattle
  prod. She got as close to her as she could without actually touching, then
  she breathed in deeply as if inhaling her scent. She waited a few seconds and
  then she almost waltzed behind the girl and put her arms around her, her hands
  touching her prominent breasts more than lightly.  
 Twelve stood stock-still. She did not move a muscle. The woman in black
  breathed deeply again and then she turned to Five once more,  
 "Seein' as how Twelve and I have some unfinished business to conclude this
  afternoon and she therefore won't be able to do sentry duty on our guests heyah," She
  indicated Heather and the encased and unrecognisable figures of Ally and Angela
  with an incredibly well manicured hand; " I've decided to nominate YOU for
  it instead!" Five seemed to freeze in her seat. The woman in the black cat
  suit let go of Twelve and turned to the other silver clad beings.  
"Hear that girls? When we're all done heyah, Fahve has volunteered to do
  sentry dudy! And I want you to make her as comfortable as I'm sure she would
  make you! Unnerstayand?" there was little sign of agreement at first. The girls
  stood still and unmoving, stiffly to attention as they had always done and
  then suddenly and as if in unison each head twitched slightly forward in silent
  agreement. Without warning the woman in black rounded on Five and raised her
  voice just a little  
 "Ah swear you must be going deef! Get that monstrosity," she indicated the
  cattle prod, " out of her sweet little cunt rahght now!" She watched impassively,
  ignoring the shiver that visibly ran through Heather, as Five withdrew, none
  too gently, the invasive cattle prod. She was looking sulkier than a pregnant
  teen now. The woman in the cat suit walked over to Lady Heather and stood in
  front of her.  
 " "Ma but you're pretty!" she drawled quietly. "Let's see if you talk as
  pretty as you look!" this had to be a joke. She couldn't be for real. The woman
  reached forward and unbuckled the ring gag from the back of her neck and in
  the process managed to push Heather's head far enough into her cleavage for
  her to feel her soft skin against her cheek and smell her delicate and expensive
  perfume. Realising what she had done she said,  
"Wha ah am so sorry honey!" raised her head, chucked her under the chin and
  pulled the ring, which was sodden with saliva, out of her mouth. She studied
  Heather again and folding her arms said, "Yep! You are so, so, pretty!" almost
  to herself. Heather grimaced and worked her jaw muscles for a few seconds then
  she looked at the newcomer  
"Yeah! Purdier than a two-dollar whore!" she drawled back Western fashion.
  She didn't FEEL pretty right now. She was naked and tied up, her hair was a
  mess, she'd been beaten twice and shocked twice and as far as she was concerned
  she looked and felt like shit. The expression of the woman in the black cat
  suit did not change but she shook her head.  
"No Honey! Reckon I'd could get at least 10 bucks for ya!" And then she lowered
  her voice, "That's if I was sellin' of course, which I ain't!" suddenly something
  caught her attention. She leaned in close to Heather.  
"Why you're bleedin'! Don't move sweetheart!" Heather was not prepared for
  what happened next.  
The tall silver creature that Five had referred to as Number One had split
  her lip when hitting her earlier on and the gag had opened up the cut again.
  Holding her head in both hands the woman in the black cat suit suddenly leant
  forward and put her lips to the cut. Heather could feel her tongue teasing
  it's way around her lips and then she withdrew and smiled, the blood, Heather's
  blood, visible on her own lips and teeth  
Slowly, very slowly she licked them and smiled once more. Quietly she said,  
"Looks like we just exchanged bodily fluids Honey!" and then she leaned forward
  once again, touched her lips to Heather's and moved in closer for a full-blown
  kiss. When she withdrew she left Heather feeling fairly breathless but when
  she closed her lips over hers again, Heather responded and the whole room seemed
  to freeze around them.  
 She felt the woman embrace her, she felt soft fingers running up and down
  her spine, she felt her head being pushed forward and held there as the woman
  in the PVC cat suit covered her lips with hers and kissed her in a way that
  she had NEVER been kissed before,  
With her hands tied and her feet spread apart Heather might have been considered
  a victim but she gave as good as she got. The room was deathly silent; apart
  from that strange rumble that she had heard before, when they finally broke
  apart. The woman in black was now as breathless as she was and Heather swore
  she could see her eyes sparkling, even through the sunglasses.  
"Mah, mah!" she crooned, "Ain't we the passionate one?" she moved closer
  again and touched Heather's cheek, "Ah KNOW you don't normally do this!&quot; she
  took her hand away and raised it to her own lips. She then pouted turning her
  mouth into an "O" shape and lightly ran a finger in and out of the "O" as if
  she were sucking a penis.  
She took out her finger after a while and moved it, glistening with saliva,
  towards Heather's lips. With a certain amount of surprise Heather felt her
  mouth opening almost as if her conscious mind had nothing to do with it and,
  to her immense chagrin, she sucked the wet finger inside her mouth hungrily,
  almost as if her life depended upon it.  
With her other hand the woman in the cat suit reached forward and stroked
  Heather's hair. She stared into her eyes.  
"Oh I am just goin' to lurve playing with you Honey! No one knows what to
  do bedder than a Dom who turns Sub and who knows?" she teased the hair out
  of Heather 's eyes again, "You might even wanna stay that way!" Heather shivered,
  the woman was slowly withdrawing her finger from her mouth and now she was
  pushing lightly on the top of her head. Seven and Nine had moved either side
  of her and they pressed gently on her shoulders, easing her into a kneeling
  position. The woman in black let go of Heather and put her hands on her hips.  
"Good girl!" she said quietly, "Good girl! You ARE a tall one, aintcha? Oh
  I just lurve powerful women and I lurve powerful women who know when to give
  in!" she moved closer and she pulled the zipper of her cat suit slowly, very
  slowly, down past her cleavage until it was just a few tantalising inches from
  Heather's mouth. She looked down at the tall blonde woman.  
"Now sweet cheeks, ah want you to do something for me&hellip;" Heather looked
  up at her, almost unable to believe what she was doing and what she was doing
  so willingly; the woman crouched down so that their eyes met. In a soft whisper
  she said,  
"Think you could obey me honey? Ah think you could. Ah think that's what
  you WANT right now! You WANNA obey someone! You WANNA do their biddin'!" she
  put a hand under Heather's chin and moved her head up just a little so that
  she had no option but to look deep into the other woman's eyes. With the ghost
  of a smile just playing round the corners of her lips she said,  
"Now in a minute Honey ah'm gonna stand up and when ah do I want you to grip
  this zipper in your teeth and pull it down until you can see my sweet little
  pussy and when you do that I want you to stop and ah want you to lean forward
  and ah want you to playant a kiss on mah pussy and say, "Thank you Miss Laura
  for allowin' me the privilege of kissing your sweet cunt!" think you can do
  that Honey?" automatically and without even a moments thought Heather said,  
"Yes Miss Laura!" Miss Laura paused for a second as if drinking her in and
  then she said.  
"You talk SO nahce. Ah bet you were bought up proper. Nahce family. Bet you
  were an only child! West coast. San Francisco. You get a better CLASS of person
  in San Francisco!" Heather tried not to look amazed. It was as if she had read
  her biog but it all appeared to be spontaneous. Without warning Laura suddenly
  stood up and walked over to where Nine stood straight and unmoving. From where
  she was kneeling Heather could see what was happening and already alarm bells
  were going off in her head.  
Laura walked slowly round the silent girl as if trying to take her in from
  every angle. Of the five silver clad girls in the room, three wore gloves and
  two didn't; only their hands and fingers were visible the rest being covered
  by their boots, suits and masks The fingers and hands of Seven were white,
  the fingers and hands of Nine were not. Despite the spell that she appeared
  to be under Heather's mind was functioning pretty much as usual and she wondered
  what was going to happen next.  
Laura walked around the girl once more and then she picked up her hand and
  inspected it. She touched it briefly and then allowed it to fall back to the
  girl's side. She looked at her once again.  
Some things were obvious despite the all over silver suit that she wore.
  She was tall and willowy and had an excellent figure. Her breasts were generous
  but not huge and her waist was well defined. Her outward appearance suggested
  that she could have been a model.  
Laura approached her again. Once more the room seemed as quiet as the grave
  and once more Heather heard that unmistakeable rumble. She also heard a voice
  in her head that told her that she was about to be enslaved to a Redneck but
  that thought was interrupted by Laura's voice.  
"Now for some reason Nine I don't seem to have met you before!&quot; she
  said ominously. Then she took the girl's hand in hers again and raised it once
  more but this time she raised it further. She raised it to her lips, looked
  at it for a few moments and then she lowered her head and kissed the back of
  Nine's hand almost reverentially then she looked into Nine's blank, masked
  face.  
"You look real pretty, Nine! Ah cayant wait to get your mask off and see
  what's underneath!" she moved closer until she was whispering where Nine's
  ear would be.&quot;Maght be a little crowded, 'cos I HAVE to speak to Twelve
  and ah've also got me a new slave to groom but I think I can keep you&hellip;" she
  paused and looked upward for a moment and then she smiled to herself, "yeah&hellip; I
  think I can keep you&hellip; hanging around for a while." Her eyes wide she
  kissed Nine on the side of her mask and then sauntered back to Heather who
  was relieved to see that lust and sex appeared to know no boundaries.  
Laura was just about to stand in front of Heather again when she realised
  how far down her zipper was and that her bare breasts were blatantly on show
  to everybody in the room. She looked around at the people silently watching
  her.  
"Well now, I am hardly the gracious host now, am ah? How COULD ah walk around
  with ma titties hanging out? An in this air conditionin' an all!" it was the
  first time Heather had noticed it because she had had other things on her mind
  but the room WAS almost chilly, she shivered involuntarily. Laura, Miss Laura,
  was looking at her again.  
"Heather?" feeling comfortable now in her new role Heather asked smoothly,  
"Yes Miss Laura?" Miss Laura smiled.  
"Wha ah declayah, you are gonna be such a GOOD slave," she crouched down
  once more and touched Heather's cheek, "ah always say that experience makes
  SO much difference!" she looked deep into Heather's eyes again, so deep that
  Heather thought she was going to drown but before she did there was a sudden
  noise, a kind of vibration. Laura stood up impatiently and pulled something
  from the confines of her cat suit.  
 It was obviously a mobile phone and she appeared to be reading a text message.
  Her eyes clouded over and she tutted audibly. She put the phone away and squatted
  down once more. She studied Heather for a few moments,  
 "Now, sweet cheeks, it appears that ah will have some things to do this
  ayafternoon, so our liddle "soiree" will have to wait until lader, but you
  can still pay homage to your New Mistress before she goes. Okay sweetheart?" Heather
  nodded, she knew what she had to do, she'd been through the routine hundreds
  of times but normally she had played Laura's role. This was the first occasion
  in a very, very, long time that she had been the sub.  
With a certain amount of drama Miss Laura stood up. She brushed herself down
  and she shook herself as if to remove any creases from her cat suit. She pulled
  at the sleeves making the light ripple liquidly off the surface. Finally she
  shifted her feet, raised her head and nodded ever so slightly to signify that
  she was ready.  
Heather took hold of Laura's zipper in her teeth and pulled at it gently.
  Pulled until it began to move downwards. Pulled until a tiny strip of pubic
  hair was visible. She noted with interest that Miss Laura was not a natural
  blonde and pulled some more.  
She pulled at the zipper until a distinct musky odour became apparent and
  until the crinkly outer lips of Miss Laura's vagina were clearly visible. Heather
  let go of the zipper and moved her face closer.  
 Miss Laura wriggled.  
"Why Heathah honey, you are SO gentle you are making me ticklish!" Heather
  stopped for a second as all good subs should and looked up at her new Mistress,
  awaiting permission.  
"Mah, mah, but your are SO obedient as well!" Miss Laura smiled hugely, "Yes
  Heather, you MAY have permission to kiss my cunt and then you may thank me!&quot; Heather
  nodded and then very, very gently, she placed her soft smooth lips around the
  puckered ones of Miss Laura and kissed them reverentially. She waited a few
  seconds, she knew the protocol, the Mistress was in charge, not her. She had
  to wait but she did not have to wait long. From far, far away it seemed, Miss
  Laura was speaking.  
"Mmm, that feels so good. So, so, good! How about a little tongue honey?" Heather
  could not see her but Laura turned to the sulky Five and said knowingly, "No
  madder how busy you are Fahve, there's always time for a little tongue!" lips
  still clamped around the Mistress's pussy Heather reached out with her tongue
  and ran it downwards and then back up again. She waited a few seconds and when
  she heard nothing she dared to part Miss Laura's outer lips with that tongue
  and flutter it briefly in and out. She felt the Mistress shiver.  
"Whoa! Hold it right there Heather! Just hold it there!" she could feel Laura's
  hands on her head. There was a pause. For a moment she thought that Laura was
  going to guide her head upward towards her clitoris but the hands very gently
  pushed her head away.  
Still kneeling Heather looked up at Miss Laura with genuine feeling.  
"Thank you Miss Laura, for allowing me the privilege of kissing your sweet
  cunt!" Heather shivered as she said it and so did Miss Laura.  
"Wha you are welcome, slave Heathah! You are more than welcome. And ah am
  going to forgive you for being a little headstrong down theyah 'cos under other
  circumstances ah would have allowed you to carry on but ah just don't have
  the tahme right now!" she looked at Heather and her face turned thoughtful
  and a little more serious. "Stand up slave! I have to show Fahve something!" the
  rigours of the day had made Heather more than a little stiff but Seven and
  Nine took her arms and helped her stand upright.  
Laura glanced briefly at Five and then she moved forward until she was standing
  once more in front of the bound and naked Heather. She moved in close to her.  
"Nothin' personal but they have to put you into Lockdown now. Don't worry,
  ah'll be back!" she smiled at the clich&eacute; and then she kissed Heather
  on the cheek. "Au revoir honey, we're gonna be seein' a lot more of each other!" and
  then she turned. &quot;Seven! Give me that ring gag!" Heather didn't even sigh;
  in fact she lowered her head so that Laura could buckle it in place. Laura
  smiled and whispered,  
"Think of me slave!" and then without any warning she lowered her right hand
  and began to touch Heather in her most intimate place.  
"Mmm, so you're still nahce and lubricated Heather, that's good! Ah wonder
  how much of that is KY and how much is you?" Heather always felt compliant
  when she was gagged and she just gave Laura a wide-eyed look. Laura smiled,  
"Now let me see&hellip; it should be round about&hellip;" all of a sudden
  Heather gasped, "&hellip;heyah!" she turned to the two girls who had been supporting
  Heather. "Seven, Nahne, you might wanna hold Lady Heather up a liddle more
  'cos ah'm just gonna play with her little clitty for a while!" she looked back
  at Heather "How is that sweetheart? Feel good?" Heather nodded and Miss Laura's
  fingers began to move faster. "What about now?" Heather could feel her knees
  trembling. Her backbone had already turned to liquid and there were Goosebumps
  all over her body. She did her best to speak even though know she knew she
  would sound like an idiot through the ring gag and just as she expected it
  came out as,  
"Yeth Misstreth, it feels good!" Laura's fingers moved even faster.  
"How good slave? Does it feel like you could come?" She asked, almost as
  excited as Heather now.  
" Yeth Mithtreth, I could come! I could really come!" Laura smiled.  
 "You know what you have to do slave. You only hayave to ask!" The two girls
  supported Heather's whole weight now, her pussy was soaked and her muscle control
  seemed to have gone completely. Like Laura said, she knew what she had to do
  and so she did it. She asked. Even though she hated herself for doing it.  
"Pleathe Mithtreth, may I have permission to come? Pleathe!" they stared
  at each other for some time and there seemed to be a kind of rapport between
  them. Something that said that if the boot where ever on the other foot then
  Laura would expect exactly the same treatment. Once more the room was silent.
  Once more that strange rumbling echoed in the background.  
With absolutely no warning whatsoever Laura suddenly withdrew her fingers
  from Heather's pussy.  
"Permission denied!" she said shortly. Heather screamed,  
 "Noooooo!" and went limp in the girl's arms. Laura leaned forward and kissed
  her softly on the cheek.  
"Don't worry sweetheart," she whispered, "you'll live and there'll be other
  times." Despite the air conditioning sweat was running down Heather's face.
  Laura turned on her heel and looked directly at the woman in the tiny car.  
"See Fahve?" she said with more than a little triumph in her tone. "Thayat's
  how you get someone to talk through a ring gag! Just a liddle Friendly Persuasion
  is all you need!" and without a backward glance she flounced out of the room.  
*  
Things went relatively smoothly after that. Seven and Nine helped Heather
  to sit and Twelve withdrew various items from the big drawer under the large
  white bed that occupied the middle of the room. Five remained quiet virtually
  throughout. With Laura gone and Five taking very much a backseat role the girls
  were left pretty much to their own devices.  
They were gentle and indulgent with Heather and Heather responded the way
  she knew she had to. She simply let them get on with what they must do. She
  was gagged now and as Laura had demonstrated she could still speak but she
  chose not to, preferring instead to luxuriate in the light gentle touch of
  the silver clad girls as they prepared her for Lockdown.  
Whatever that was.  
*  
It must have taken nearly an hour but now Heather stood looking down at the
  masked figures of Angela and Allison and realised that she herself must be
  almost ready.  
She was dressed differently to them, where they wore shiny black; she had
  been dressed in shiny white PVC. Her legs and feet were still bare but her
  ankles were now contained by comfortable, padded white PVC shackles about four
  inches wide that were stitched tightly together. She wore a kind of white PVC
  corset that had arms attached. Arms that in turn had thick, padded, white gloves
  attached to them that held her hands in useless fists and that strapped tightly
  to the side of the corset and were in turn splinted to prevent any arm movement
  whatsoever.  
Where this corset differed from the norm was that it had shoulders. It left
  her breasts bare but the shoulders were attached to a thick and padded white
  posture collar. As a result she could not move her neck any more than she could
  move her arms.  
 Since walking in the ankle shackle was impossible, she now relied entirely
  on the girls for movement. If she needed to sit they helped her to sit. If
  she needed to walk they shuffled her forward. Seldom could she ever remember
  being quite so helpless and in company. The very thought of her immobility
  and dependence on the young faceless girls made her embarrassingly excited.  
The skullcap was white PVC and held her hair out of the way. It felt tight
  on her head but not uncomfortable and with her bare breasts, legs and feet
  and her otherwise all white attire she looked very strange indeed. But despite
  the air conditioning and probably because of the way the girls had dealt with
  her, Heather felt somehow warm and comfortable.  
Throughout her dressing she had kept her eyes on both Allison and Angela
  and neither had at any time seemed distressed. She had noticed that they tended
  to twitch a little occasionally but otherwise they seemed fine.  
Finally Five broke the silence.  
"You are almost ready for Lockdown now, Heather, we just have to add your
  inserts and connect you up!"  
 Inserts.  
That word again.  
 Twelve was moving towards her carrying something in her hand.  
Heather shivered; it had a pistol grip and was quite large but it had a fairly
  fine end which was in effect a rigid tube, it looked, to all intents and purposes
  like a large plastic gun with a silencer attached.  
Five anticipated her.  
"Forbearance is the watchword here Heather. We do not intend to hurt you
  and this is the only sensible way to insert this particular item. Seven! Bring
  the lubricant!" Five looked up, " it would held us greatly if you could bend
  forward as best you could!" there seemed little point in arguing at this late
  stage. Nine rubbed her shoulders and helped her to bend at the waist, whilst
  Twelve approached with the fairly mean looking weapon.  
 Seven patted her bottom gently and then inserted what looked like a fairly
  large oilcan into Heather's tight rosebud. She shivered as she felt the little
  puckered hole filling with cool, greasy fluid.  
Satisfied that she was as full as could be Twelve approached with the plastic
  gun.  
"This should not hurt!" Five intoned, "You will feel a rush of air and then
  it should enter you quite easily, now that you are lubricated." Heather looked
  at her with a puzzled expression but she held her counsel. The tube slipped
  into her easily enough and as Twelve pulled the trigger so she felt it transmitted
  around the sensitive muscles of her rectum. There was a surge; a feeling of
  compression and something entered her. Something long and somehow multifaceted  
The girls helped her stand up. She could feel it, whatever it was, inside
  of her. It felt long and jointed and it also felt strange but exciting. Heather
  was no stranger to anal play but she had ever experienced anything like this
  before. She also had a feeling that there was something outside of her. Something
  attached to whatever was INSIDE. Gagged as she was she could only look at Five
  and hope that she would answer her query. As it turned out she was more than
  happy to do so.  
"Anal beads!" she said brightly, "We all wear them. The only sensible way
  to insert them efficiently is via that gun that Twelve used&hellip; it works
  on compressed air and literally fires the beads into your anal canal. What
  you can feel outside are the wires, which will allow them to be connected to
  Central Station. Those wires control the beads and can literally make them
  come alive inside your anus. Believe me, the effect is generally very pleasant
  but they CAN be used as a punishment if necessary!" Heather pondered this thought
  just as Twelve came back with something else. Something much more recognisable.
  Something very large.  
Five smiled at her.  
"I chose this specially for you Heather! It's much bigger than the ones the
  girls wear although of course they have to be fairly small so that they can
  walk normally. You on the other hand will not have that problem. Allison and
  Angela were fitted with size sevens but I think you can cope with a size ten
  like mine. There shouldn't be any major difficulties."  
Heather looked at her in disgust.  
It was a huge and lifelike penis that was currently glistening with lubricant.
  It had wires and tubes attached to it and a kind of outcrop that had to be
  a clitoral vibrator. Five saw her worried stare.  
"Don't worry too much about the clitoral stimulator. It is designed to stop
  you from becoming comatose!" Heather stared at her in amazement. Five carried
  on, "You will find that Lockdown is very, very comfortable and, generally,
  very, very, pleasurable too. So much so that you can drift off and not want
  to come back. Direct pressure on the clitoris reverses that problem. You will
  also be fitted with tens pads soon. Once we are monitoring your body and if
  you appear to be going in to too deep a trance, the TENS pads and the clitoral
  stimulator will kick in and bring you back to full waking consciousness!"  
Even as Five spoke Seven was on her knees applying yet more lubricant to
  Heather's vagina. Heather got the vague impression that Five would have enjoyed
  this much more if she did not have to stay after class as it were and then
  she gasped as Twelve pushed the giant penis gently inside her.  
*  
 They helped her lay down flat on the thick mattress of the white bunk. It
  was made from a special material that moulded itself to the shape of her body.
  Under her head they now placed a pillow of the same material.  
She felt warm and comfortable despite the various things that had been done
  to her body in the past hour.  
Not even that fact that the huge penis inside her ever moistening cunt was
  also a catheter and that a large clear plastic bag for her waste was now being
  hung on a stand a few inches from the bunk seemed to bother her. That might
  be because of the gas she was now inhaling, although Five had insisted, when
  they had inserted the nasal tubes into her nostrils, that it was nothing more
  than pure oxygen.  
The ring gag was still in her mouth and it had been joined by something else,
  which now filled her mouth completely and prevented any intelligible speech
  whatsoever. It looked and felt like a medium sized penis, pink and veined,
  about five inches in length with a lifelike eye and tubes attached to the bottom
  of it.  
As Twelve had coated it with a pleasant tasting paste and eased it gently
  into her wide open mouth, pausing at each inch to prevent the gag reflex from
  kicking in, Five had explained that the penis would not only keep her absolutely
  quiet it would also monitor her breathing and the amount of saliva in her mouth
  and it would, if it had to, introduce fluids, if Central Station deemed it
  necessary.  
Heather was intrigued by mention of this Central Station but she could also
  see a lot of dials and read outs on the "dashboard" of the little car into
  which Five was fixed.  
A lot had happened to Heather in the last hour but, surprisingly, she felt
  none the worse for it.  
They had applied sensors to her forehead, neck and chest and sticky TENS
  pads to her feet and buttocks and the lips of her vagina.  
They had put goggles on her that Five had explained were similar to a blindfold
  but could be controlled electronically to let in as much light as Central Station
  saw fit. They had plugged her ears and tested the tiny speakers that lay inside
  the plugs.  
Finally they had pulled a pure white helmet over her head, which had holes
  for the goggles and for her nostril and mouth tubes and the sensor wires.  
The girls were now tidying up all the other wires that ran from her body
  and placing them in long clip on tubes that would hold them all together.  
She was comfortable and utterly helpless.  
She could be fed by a tube and her waste, her liquid waste at least, could
  simply run out of her body and into the bag provided. She was deaf, dumb and
  not quite blind but she felt calm and controlled.  
Her nipples however, felt strangely left out bare as they were and with nothing
  attached to them. As a fairly old hand at severe restrictive bondage she had
  expected nipple clamps at the very least.  
Ally and Angela, who must have been dealt with in much the same way as her
  hours ago and seemed none the worse for it, were now being led slowly forward.
  They didn't have the luxury of sight so progress was fairly slow. They had
  previously had their inserts connected and the trailing wires had all been
  put into cable tidies like Heathers so now they were ready.  
 Although ready for exactly what Heather could not tell.  
She could still recognise Angela by the tattoo on her left ankle. She was
  on the left of her and four of the silver girls were now carefully lifting
  her and laying her helpless form next to her but a little lower down so that
  what passed for Angela's head was level with Heather's chest. Satisfied that
  she was comfortable, the girls then moved to the other side of the bed and
  did the same to Allison, lifting her gently and laying her with her inflated,
  masked head, once again level with Heather's chest.  
There was a slight rustling in her ears and then she heard Five's voice clearly
  in her head.  
"We are almost ready for you Heather. As you probably guessed I myself am
  part of Central Station and I will be responsible for much of your monitoring!" Heather
  could almost feel the distaste in her voice but Five continued. "You might
  remember hearing me say earlier that I felt everything the girls felt and that
  is true." she paused for just a few seconds, "Now, I can feel everything you
  feel and everything Allison and Angela feel. When your dildoes switch on, so
  will mine. When your anal beads come to life, mine will also. I am also linked
  to you, Heather, by a process that is currently experimental and is called,
  for want of a better title, an Empathy Link. Sensors on our forehead should
  be able to link you and I and Central Station together. Central Station will
  be running a programme, which should follow your eye movements, predict exactly
  how you are feeling at any given moment and relay that information to me. This
  will enable me to manually override the system if, for example, you should
  panic or become suddenly claustrophobic." She let this sink in for a moment. "The
  girls are now about to seal you in the Lockdown chamber. To do this they must
  first fasten Allison and Angela to you and then place the latex membrane over
  them."  
 It was already happening.  
Seven and Nine were standing by her head. Each touched her gently on the
  cheek before moving down to the two black clad figures of Allison and Angela.  
Working quickly and efficiently they pulled the stoppers out of their mouths
  and offered them up to Heather's exposed nipples. She groaned in both anguish
  and pleasure as both of the girls began to suckle on her like hungry babies.  
She almost orgasmed there and then.  
Their mouths seemed to seal themselves around her nipples and she remembered
  that they had had soft rubber gumshields inserted to stop them biting her and
  presumably to seal them in place.  
Now Seven and Nine were pulling what looked a thin latex sheet up and over
  the girls. Twelve who, Heather thought idly, must be a wizard with Home Improvements,
  then sealed that membrane to her posture collar with what looked like a heat-sealing
  gun.  
There was a muffled hum and the membrane seemed to shrink, Heather realised
  what was happening. She and the girls were effectively on a vacuum bed and
  the air was now being pumped out of the membrane, trapping them in place and
  holding them immobile.  
The light dimmed and she saw the cover of her cocoon being lowered. The rigid
  plastic "lid" of the bed was now being placed over her and the two girls, who
  even now were sucking contentedly and softly on her nipples, filling her somehow
  with warmth and comfort.  
She heard the snaps as the lid was clamped in place, followed by a strange
  hum and then almost immediate pressure. It steadily built up until there was
  no free space available in the chamber and she could not even twitch. She realised
  that the lid must contain hundreds of tiny air bags that had been pressurised
  to keep her and more importantly, the girls, in exactly the same place all
  the time they were in Lockdown.  
 She could still see because there was an area of clear Plexiglas around
  her face allowing her to look out until the goggles blocked out the light.  
She watched in silent amazement as the silver clad girls advanced slowly
  on Five. Seven knelt and touched something at the front of the vehicle. Then
  all four of them shuffled it towards Heather in the Lockdown chamber and lined
  it up so that she could see Five's face and vice versa.  
 She heard her voice once more.  
"As you can see Heather I can watch you until your sleep period but this
  is the last time that I will communicate with you for a while. As you are aware,
  Number Two intends to release you later but as she has pressing business to
  attend to I cannot tell you when that will be."  
Her voice seemed to grow hoarse with emotion as Twelve approached her with
  a penis gag similar to Heather's and Nine buckled a ring gag firmly in place
  behind her head. Seven had produced a thick padded band and was using it to
  fasten Five's head to the headrest of the vehicle. Now Twelve was on her knees
  and Heather assumed that she was putting some kind of brake on the car to prevent
  it from moving.  
The girls stopped and studied Number Five for a few moments and then silently
  each one approached the vehicle. With their backs to her, Heather could only
  wonder at what they were doing but she could hear Five's breathing in her headphones
  and suddenly she guessed.  
The girls were getting their silent own back  
They were touching her.  
They were feeling her tits with their soft delicate hands.  
They were touching her bare scalp.  
 They were insinuating their hands further down to her abdomen. She heard
  a muffled gasp as Seven bent so low that she just had to be teasing Five's
  clit.  
All of a sudden and as if at some silent signal the girls stopped what they
  were doing and stood up. As they did so, Heather's dildo began to vibrate and,
  judging by the frantic sucking on her nipples, so did those of Ally and Angela.
  She looked out of her little window and saw Five sitting bolt upright in her
  car.  
So she was right.  
She really WAS going to feel what they could feel.  
The vibration of the dildo lowered to a kind of gentle background hum. The
  anal beads came gently to life and a noise became noticeable in her ears.  
A soft regular noise.  
A heartbeat.  
A slow regular heartbeat.  
They were returning her to the womb.  
She felt calm and relaxed.  
The lenses of her goggles began to darken and her eyes began to close.  
She didn't even notice as the lights in the pure white room went out and
  the silver clad girls filed silently out through the pure white door leaving
  the silent gagged figure of Five to watch over them until they were wakened
  once more.  
*  
Liz woke with a start. She was in a strange place and her mouth felt like
  it had been crapped in.  
Where the hell was she?  
Then she remembered.  
She remembered the surreal incident on the car park roof and the silver creatures
  and the pain.  
Oh yes, the pain.  
She tried to move her left arm but it wouldn't work. Frightened for a moment
  she checked to see if it was still there.  
To her intense relief it was and even as she tried to sit up the pain came
  back, not quite as bad as before but enough to make her groan in agony. She
  closed her eyes for a second and almost immediately she heard a voice in her
  ear.  
"Hello. Are you awake?"  
&quot;Daft fucking question!&quot; She thought to herself, but she opened
  her eyes and said quietly,  
"I hope so!" the blonde, good-looking girl in the blue nurses uniform grinned.  
"Hi" she said, "I'm Danni, do you need anything?"  
 "Yeah," she thought, " a new arm!" but she actually said,  
"Cup of tea and some painkillers would be nice." then she winced. Danni studied
  her face for a moment.  
"I've been briefed on you Liz. You're post op and you've just a had a pin
  inserted in your upper arm, right?" Liz nodded and even that seemed to cause
  her pain. Undeterred Danni continued,  
 " You were still in theatre when I came on duty. You were out like a light
  when you came up and you've been like that ever since. I've managed to take
  your blood pressure a couple of times and that's fine and I've had a look at
  the operation site and that seems fine too&hellip;" sometimes Liz thought that
  she was never off duty. This girl could DO television with the right vehicle.
  She was pretty, she had big tits and great legs and she oozed a kind of naive
  sexuality, even in the state she was in she could see that. She tried to raise
  herself up a little in the bed but the pain defeated her. Danni patted her
  hand.  
"I think you might need an injection, I'll speak to the House Officer and
  see if he'll prescribe something, then I'll get you that tea."  
Liz looked around her.  
 At the small, pastel coloured room she was in.  
 It was dimly lit for sleep, and she suddenly saw something she hadn't noticed
  before. She looked at Danni in wonder.  
"Danni, what time is it and how long has SHE been here?" Danni looked at
  the tall leather clad woman who was sitting in an orthopaedic chair, head down,
  feet up on a stool, sleeping peacefully. Danni looked at her watch.  
"It's now three thirty," She said quietly. "This is a private room so visitors
  can stay. She's been here since you were bought in.&quot; Liz looked at Linda
  with a bemused expression on her face.  
"I told her not to wait. I told her to go home. I told her I'd be okay. Stupid
  cow!" even as she spoke the tall woman seemed to rouse and her hands moved
  in her lap.  
Eyes still closed, head still down, she shifted in her chair. Her legs came
  off the stool and although obviously still asleep she spread them so that they
  were wide open. This made the hitherto unnoticeable split up the side of her
  midi skirt very obvious. She was wearing black, lace top, hold up stockings
  and when she shifted again her black thong and bare left upper thigh were clearly
  visible.  
Danni was quick to observe this  
"She's got nice legs your friend!" Liz was currently at a crossroads in her
  life. To say she was confused about her sexuality was to put it mildly.  
"Has she?" she asked innocently and then she changed her mind. "Yes, yes,
  she has! She's got very nice legs and her tits are&hellip;" she stopped, totally
  embarrassed, not knowing what to say next but Danni already had a hand on her
  shoulder.  
"It's alright Liz. I understand. It's not easy to tell another woman how
  you feel but I sort of guessed!" Liz needed an out and she got it but not the
  way she would have liked.  
Linda fidgeted in her sleep, moving her hands until the left one was stroking
  at her visible upper thigh and the right came to rest between her spread legs.
  To Liz's intense chagrin that right hand began to move itself against the skimpy
  front of her black thong.  
Even now she was moving one finger until it was undoubtedly in contact with
  her clitoris. She began to rub delicately at it, head thrown back now, eyes
  still closed and she started to moan out loud.  
"Oh no! Not my tits! Oh please stop sucking my tits! Please! Oh shit! If
  that thing goes off in my cunt again... if it vibrates one more time and if
  those anal beads, those fucking beautiful anal beads&hellip;. aaaaggghhhh!"  
 Danni and Liz could only stare in horrified wonder as, still apparently
  asleep; Linda came to orgasm right in front of them.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART TEN   
 &copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as
  the author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance
  to any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or
  fictitious, living or dead.  
Sent 14/10/04  
RETRIBUTION   
(PART TEN)   
BY   
WALLACE   
This chapter is dedicated to anyone who hates and
      fears the dentist as much as I do   
Danni patted Liz's inner thigh just a little too long and little too high
  up for her liking and dropped the syringe into the kidney bowl on her trolley.
  She pulled down Liz's ivory silk night dress and rolled back the bedclothes,  
"There! That shouldn't take long now. Try not to move your arm too much and
  I'll make the tea. I was going to have one anyway." She was just about to leave
  when she stopped suddenly as if remembering something, she looked at the two
  silent women, "Neither of you have been outside yet, have you?" she found herself
  staring at two impassive and slightly annoyed looking faces.  
 "Mmm," she began a trifle nervously, "well there are two armed policeman
  out there right now and nobody comes in here without their say-so!" there was
  an unnerving silence. She bustled over to the trolley and said quickly "Just
  to let you know, that's all!" Trying her best not to rush, she pushed it out
  of the room leaving it silent and frosty.  
Linda was now looking out of the window onto the Whitechapel road. There
  were still buses running, even at this time in the morning. Simmering and hurting
  at the same time, Liz hissed,  
"What the fuck is going on with you? If you were that fucking frustrated
  you COULD have mentioned it, I mean I thought only men did things like that,
  mind you, I suppose I'm lucky you decided it to do it here and not on a number
  37 bus or something&hellip;." Her arm was throbbing and her mouth was dry.
  Danni, despite her nurses training, had clearly been embarrassed and Linda,
  who had personal armour plating that an armadillo would be proud of, was unusually
  quiet and withdrawn. She turned away from the window and walked towards the
  bed.  
When she spoke her voice was almost a whisper.  
"Liz, be honest, have you ever known me do anything like that before?" Liz
  looked straight ahead of her. At the moment even the slightest movement was
  painful.  
"No. So, tell me! Give me a reason. Don't just stand there saying nothing." Linda
  looked down at her maroon and black patent boots.  
"Would you believe me?" it was too much. Liz raised herself up on her good
  arm.  
"I don't fucking know until you tell me, do I?" Linda looked back up at her.
  She knew she was in pain even now but the anger and the adrenaline in her system
  was somehow overriding it. Reluctantly she made a decision.  
"Okay, but you ain't gonna believe me!" stony faced and pale, eyes never
  leaving hers, Liz said softly.  
"You don't know that until you tell me."  
So she did.  
*  
"You alright Guv?" Jimmy looked quizzically at his superior officer, "Only
  you got one of those looks on yer face!&quot; Inspector Martin glanced at him
  for a moment, not quite sure what he should say. They were still in the London
  Hospital where the Assistant Commissioner had told them to stay until Charlie
  regained consciousness, in the hope that she might give them more information
  She had also had another phone sent over to the Inspector so that he could
  contact her directly.  
Even now that phone was ringing.  
Quite happy that he did not have to answer any more questions from Jimmy,
  Chief Inspector Martin walked out onto the front steps of the Royal London
  Hospital and was immediately surprised by the cold, the icy drizzle that was
  falling steadily and the noise of the traffic, which even at One o'clock in
  the morning was considerable. He put the phone to his ear.  
"Hello."  
"Bob, it's Rose MacGregor!" he blinked  
"Hello Ma'am. Thought you'd have gone home by now." if he had learned one
  thing in his career, it was that the higher up the ladder you got, the less
  likely you were to give a straight answer to anything.  
"Phil Hammond. Know him?"  
"Yes Ma'am, he's editor of &hellip;" Rose Macgregor wasn't known for her
  patience.  
"I know what he's the editor of Bob, he's spent the last ten minutes shouting
  it down my ear!" the Inspector grinned  
"Sounds like Phil, he's old school."  
"Is he reliable?" Bob Martin did not even have to think.  
"Absolutely! One of those journalists who would never, ever, reveal a source!" Rose
  sounded sceptical,  
"Well, that can work both ways! Bob, one of his columnists has received a
  phone call from a group calling themselves The Brothers of Islam&hellip;" he
  couldn't help himself  
"What? Never heard of 'em!"  
"No, neither have we but bearing in mind what we discussed last night, I
  haven't spoken to either MI5 or MI6 about this yet and I'm not sure that I
  intend to. The Brothers of Islam claim to be on OUR side Bob. They claim that
  the current wave of Fundamentalism is harming their Religion in the eyes of
  the West and that they wish to make recompense for that!" The Inspector thought
  he could see where this was going.  
"And how do they intend to do that?" he asked cautiously  
"By informing us that Flight BUA29 to New York has a bomb on board that will
  explode after landing and that it is a "dirty bomb" made from just a fraction
  of the tons of weapons grade Plutonium that have gone missing from various
  nuclear stockpiles over the last few years, including our own!" the Inspector
  blew out his cheeks and rubbed a hand over his face.  
"Bollocks!" he said it as quietly as he could.  
"My sentiments exactly!" said Rose MacGregor. The Inspector recovered as
  quickly as he could.  
"Sorry Ma'am, but this is not what we need right now!" the Assistant Commissioner
  lowered her voice.  
"Any ideas?" he realised he had somehow hunched himself over. Charlie would
  have said that he was trying to make himself safe. Trying to return to the
  womb. He thought about Charlie for a second and how she was lying in intensive
  care right now. He straightened up immediately.  
"Yes Ma'am, we call their bluff. We must NOT, under any circumstances, shoot
  that aircraft down, that's exactly what he, what she, what THEY want! It HAS
  to reach New York, it just HAS to!" There were butterflies in his stomach as
  he waited for Rose Macgregor to reply.  
The line seemed to go silent for a few seconds, almost as if she had gone
  away or was talking to someone else and then suddenly she was there again.  
"Totally agree Bob. And that is what I intend to tell the Prime Minister's
  Press Secretary as soon as I get off the phone to you. There's a siege mentality
  in Downing Street right now and they're prepared to listen to me in the same
  way that I listen to you. You're not on your own on this Bob, I back you all
  the way but if we are wrong and we nuke the Big Apple then you and I go together,
  so let's hope and pray that you&hellip; that WE have got this right!" Rose
  Macgregor cleared her throat and then carried on.  
" I've already spoken to the Ministry of Defence and told them that the only
  person who can give the order to fire on that aircraft is the Prime Minister
  himself and now I'm going to make the Prime Minister aware of that too!" Bob
  Martin looked at the wet pavement in amazement, she was actually laughing.  
"Oh and Bob&hellip;"  
"Yes Ma'am?"  
"Chief Superintendent Ramsey informs me that he came back from leave a little
  early and would like to take the rest of the week off. I have approved it.
  Any problems?" the Inspector shook his head  
"Er, this is genuine leave Ma'am and not "gardening leave" I take it." The
  Assistant Commissioner's voice was severe.  
"You take it correctly Chief Inspector!" now he nodded  
"In that case Ma'am, I don't see a problem."  
"Good! And how's Charlie? Can she talk yet?" the Inspector's face became
  grim  
"No Ma'am. They found a second needle or rather a part of one near her heart
  or rather in it. It's been drawn in by the pumping action of the heart and
  it could theoretically pierce it at any moment! She's listed as critical and
  they're going to operate again. It's microsurgery Ma'am and it could be tricky,
  very tricky!" There was a pause at the other end of the phone. When she did
  eventually speak the Assistant Commissioner sounded subdued.  
"Keep me informed Bob. Keep me informed. I very much doubt that I will be
  sleeping tonight, so call me at any time! And now I MUST ring Number 10 and
  then it's up to the Prime Minister to convince the President to allow that
  plane to land. That's assuming it's still in the air of course!" the Inspector
  breathed in deeply  
"You haven't heard anymore then... I thought&hellip;" Rose Macgregor sounded
  genuinely apologetic,  
"Sorry Bob, there just hasn't been time. We lost contact with them about
  twenty minutes ago and we've heard nothing since. There's heavy cloud in the
  area so that isn't helping. All I can tell you is that there is no wreckage
  as of yet." It seemed the longest pause he had ever experienced, "I really
  must go Bob, ring me in half an hour, I should know more then!"  
 He wished Jimmy were outside with him now even though he had been glad to
  get away from him five minutes ago. He felt like he needed as many of the team
  that he trusted around him at that moment and for various reasons virtually
  none of them were.  
He thought about Daisy and Barbara Lucas and Charlie, especially Charlie
  lying pale and at what Jimmy had referred to as "death's door" just over an
  hour ago and then he thought about Jimmy.  
 Poor old Jimmy!  
The one who took all the flak, all the time, but the one whom he probably
  trusted the most. He could never bring himself to tell him that of course but
  if Jimmy didn't know by now, then he was far less astute than the Inspector
  gave him credit for.  
Chief Inspector Martin looked across the road at the people who still were
  milling around the entrance to Whitechapel Underground station.  
The stakes had just been raised and raised high.  
There were no Brothers of Islam &ndash; they didn't exist. He was sure of
  that but would the Prime Minister be prepared to gamble on what was little
  more than an assumption?  
And would the President accept it?  
 New York had been devastated once before, could they even consider allowing
  an aeroplane that just might have a nuclear device on board, to land? He thought
  of the person whose death warrant he may have inadvertently signed and he shivered,
  then he pulled up his collar against the cold night air and walked back inside
  the hospital.  
*  
It was warm here in the study but the weather forecasters were expecting
  it to be the coldest night of the year so far. There was just one green shaded
  lamp lighting the whole room but it was enough. The security lights had finally
  gone out in the garden and he stared into the dark as if hoping to find some
  kind of inspiration.  
Considering that they were in the very centre of London there was still a
  lot of wildlife activity out there and he wanted to encourage it, not put up
  electric fences and sonic devices to keep away the cats and the squirrels and
  the foxes and the pair of magpies that he had grown quite fond of during his
  tenure and that often sat outside the window chattering as if trying to tell
  him their thoughts on the current world situation.  
He stared out of the window quite blankly now, listening carefully to the
  voice on the other end. Finally he said,  
"Thank you, Mister President." And put the phone down  
The door behind him opened and a tall man in sweatshirt and jogging bottoms
  entered holding a McDonalds carrier bag in his hand. A towel was wrapped around
  his neck. He closed the door behind him and approached the highly polished
  ornate walnut desk.  
" This is all Harriet could get and she had to go to bloody Stepney for it!
  Everywhere else is closed. If the key to the bloody kitchens wasn't&hellip;" the
  Prime Minister looked at his Press Secretary thoughtfully and interrupted what
  he knew was going to become a rant.  
"Oh, so we've got a Harriet working for us now have we?" he grinned impishly.
  The press never reported his sense of humour; they were too busy looking for
  reasons for him to resign.  
The Press Secretary pulled a face.  
"You know we have Prime Minister, she's been here nearly a year and&hellip;" he
  came to an abrupt halt as if realising that the he was being gently wound up.
  The Prime Minister smiled to himself. Andrew often referred to him as "Prime
  Minister" when he was getting annoyed with him.  
"&hellip; and for exactly how much of that time have you been sleeping with
  her?" was the question he really wanted to ask but he didn't. Andrew Herriot
  was known for his energetic approach to both his job and his sex life, although
  his wife didn't seem to be aware of the latter. He began doling out food onto
  the desk then he stopped and looked at his employer quizzically. "Well? Did
  you talk to him?" the Prime Minister nodded.  
 " Of course I did! He was just back from Camp David." Press Secretaries
  know how to "push buttons" with the media. Sometimes it is necessary to annoy
  people to get results. The Prime Minister found that sometimes Press Secretaries
  needed to have some of their buttons pushed. Andrew looked at him blankly.  
"And?" the annoyance was obvious in his voice. The Prime Minister shrugged.  
"He was his normal, affable self." Andrews's cheeks were colouring just a
  little.  
"And?" the Prime Minister sighed.  
"It's a hard decision Andrew. Especially with the elections coming up in
  six months..." the Press Secretary kept his counsel. "He DID give me what he
  referred to as a piece of friendly advice though&hellip;" Andrew stared at
  him. He was only interested in one thing right now and the Prime Minister knew
  that. He trusted his Press Secretary over and above his Cabinet colleagues
  but he was just a little too intense at times. After a brief pause he continued,  
"Yes Andrew! Yes, he's going to do it. He spoke to Langley while I was on
  the phone or rather one of his aides did. Bottom line is that the CIA have
  never heard of the Brothers of Islam!" Andrew snorted.  
"Well that's not exactly proof positive after the fuck up in Iraq is it?" his
  voice softened. &quot;If it's any help I've spoken to You Know Who at the BBC.
  He owes me a couple and he's never heard of them either," he lowered his voice
  and a slight grin played around the corners of his mouth, "there aren't many
  cranks he's not aware of!" the Prime Minister inclined his head gravely.  
 "Well, the President is on board. He's talking to the Joint Chiefs now BUT," he
  raised an almost threatening finger and there was an overlong pause, "he wants
  a complete press black out on this! Nothing in! Nothing out!"  
 The Press Secretary was already nodding. As a young and ambitious, very
  ambitious, journalist he'd worked his way from junior reporter to Business
  Correspondent to Night Editor and finally News Editor in just two years in
  the disparate group of newspaper offices that was still known collectively
  as Fleet Street. He KNEW where all the bodies were buried and he also knew
  WHEN to start digging  
" You've got that! I sounded out all the Night Editors that matter earlier
  on&hellip; but what about that prick in Defence? I can't see him going for
  this. An aircraft with even a one per cent chance of having a bomb on board,
  not just any old bomb, mind you, but a nuclear bomb, landing in New York&hellip; he'll
  go fucking apeshit!" The Prime Minister shrugged and said calmly  
"The Prezz is a man of his word, he's never backed down on us yet." But Andrew
  was thinking out loud,  
"...and then there's all the others&hellip;any one of them&hellip;" the Prime
  Minister saw his chance.  
"&hellip;and that is precisely why WE should have at least SOME of the cabinet
  on board, let me&hellip;" the Press Secretary often seemed at his most dangerous
  when he was speaking quietly and his voice was little more than a whisper now.  
"No, Prime Minister! We've discussed this already- you know we have! And
  do not even THINK about the Deputy PM because he could screw this whole thing
  up just by opening that big fucking mouth of his, you know that too!" The Prime
  Minister was about to open HIS mouth again but his Press Secretary was ahead
  of him, "And the Cabinet Secretary is a Civil Servant and whilst a civil servant
  of his calibre might not be buyable, those fuckers often have agendas that
  we can't even BEGIN to fathom, so Sir William stays in the dark too! Okay?" He
  was pushing his luck here and he knew it but his boss did not reply. Andrew
  knew that he had very nearly crossed a line, he offered the Prime Minister,
  who didn't even want to ask how he had managed to get one at this time in the
  morning, an Egg McMuffin, "You know what we agreed. We keep this on a need
  to know basis until we've got a result and we keep everybody but everybody,
  who doesn't need to know, out of the loop until then!" The Prime Minister winced.  
"And when will that be?"  
"I don't know Prime Minister, my crystal fucking ball is not working too
  well these days. If it was I might know a wee bit more than I do now about
  the bloody Brothers of Islam but I don't!" he leaned forward, "Prime Minister,
  it is absolutely vital that that plane does not get shot down. Absolutely vital!
  Then his expression changed, "so what was this piece of advice he gave you?" the
  Prime Minister smiled wearily.  
"He told me to do my very best to see that I did not step on my cock on this
  one!"  
Andrew snorted.  
"Huh! The amount of times we've stepped on our metaphorical cock recently
  it's a wonder it doesn't reach the fucking floor by now!" And then he looked
  up at the Prime Minister "D'you want fries with that? They seem to have made
  a mistake with the order."  
*  
Steve Burton chanced a look around him.  
The aircraft was holding up but only just.  
Even now he could hear the airframe creaking and he could literally feel
  the aircraft trying to tear itself apart. Everything that moved seemed to be
  vibrating or resonating somehow. The rudder, the wing and tail flaps, the tail
  itself. Even the seats were shuddering  
 The Airbus still showed no signs of recovering from the steep and apparently
  irreversible dive it had gone into shortly after being fired on by the black
  helicopter gunship. To make matters worse a fierce wind was howling around
  them, so strong and so fierce that it seemed as if that alone would rip the
  plane apart before it even reached the ocean below.  
 He shouted across to his co-pilot.  
" IS THAT ENGINE GOING TO FIRE OR NOT?" several things ran through Mike Mey's
  mind at that moment but he knew that his Captain had a right to be concerned.
  He glanced out at the engine again; sparks were still flying from the housing
  and he knew that the next ten seconds were critical.  
 If BUA 29 did not straighten up very soon they would all be dead and the
  huge aeroplane would be just so much flotsam floating on the surface of the
  Atlantic. He shouted across the cockpit that was now so noisy that he could
  only just be heard.  
"JUST KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED! HOW YOU DOING?" Steve pulled a face.  
"BAD MIKE, REALLY BAD!" from behind them Tom joined in.  
"AND I'VE LOST ALL RADIO CONTACT!" under other circumstances losing the radio
  would be bad news but it didn't really seem to matter much now. Mike could
  see the ocean glittering below them in the light of the full moon and it was
  coming perilously closer by the second. Whilst the wind still tore at the wings
  and the tail and howled frighteningly around them, Mike turned to the override
  button for the fuel pump, pressed it yet again and held it this time, along
  with his breath.  
"KEEP 'EM CROSSED!" he shouted, "I'M TRYING THE PORT ENGINE AGAIN!"  
Whether any of them were praying was debateable but the cockpit fell as silent
  as the screaming wind would allow. For a while it seemed as if no one was even
  daring to breath and then there was a pulse.  
 A slow, steady, throbbing pulse, almost as if a heartbeat had been restored.
  A heartbeat that instead of pumping life-giving blood was pumping fuel into
  a previously dead engine. Mike could not even begin to hope that the auxiliary
  pump was finally starting to kick in.  
The pulse seemed to grow steadier and louder and then the engine began to
  whine and although sparks were still flying from it suddenly the plane was
  starting to slow down.  
Steve Burton didn't have to look across at Mike. He could actually feel that
  he was beginning to get control of his aircraft once more.  
His spirits seemed to soar.  
The controls were responding!  
They were sluggish but there was life there at last. Not daring to look at
  him Steve shouted across to his co-pilot.  
"GIMME A HAND HERE, MIKE!" but Mike could see by now that the turbine was
  back in business and that the blades were starting to gather speed. He already
  had his hands on the controls and by pulling back on them with all their strength
  the pilots could actually feel the angle of the dive slackening.  
The huge Airbus that seemed destined to throw itself suicidally into the
  turbulent waters of the Atlantic Ocean was finally beginning to level out and
  with that levelling out came a reduction in speed.  
As the plane gradually straightened, so the noise lessened and the G forces
  diminished until finally they were level and under control once again.  
Steve looked around him and began to take stock of their situation.  
 They had fallen a long, long way .In aviation terms they were now flying
  at zero feet but in reality they were still high enough above the ocean to
  leave a small margin for error but not that high that they were safe. They
  were probably invisible to radar at this height but still vulnerable to attack
  if the gunship should come back  
Steve's shoulders burned and ached.  
The tension had ebbed from his stomach but it would not go fully until BUA
  flight two nine was safely on the ground in New York.  
He turned to Mike Mey  
"Good Job! Good fucking job! Feather it right back, Mike! I don't want either
  engine running too hot right now, just in case we need the extra power later.
  Just in case those bastards in the helicopter come back!" He turned to Tom
  who was sitting behind Mike. "Any idea what happened to them?"  
Tom shook his head.  
"No! They just seemed to shoot and run!" Steve bit his bottom lip.  
"Let's hope so! What about the radio?" Tom turned in his seat  
" The radio's screwed! Nothing I've done so far will get it back up." Steve
  was a practical Australian, the truth didn't frighten him.  
"Right, well that's not a major problem yet. New York'll be tracking us on
  radar and if we NEED to talk to anyone we've all got mobiles, so it should
  be okay. Mike, is the radar working?" Mike was already checking the luminous
  green display. He nodded  
"Yeah, it's working fine&hellip; What the FUCK is that?" the radar screen
  was situated between the two pilots. Steve peered at the small screen.  
"Two smallish objects moving very fast. Must be fighters. It's the cavalry
  Mike! It's our escort out of here!" but Mike was sceptical.  
"Escort? At that speed?" Suddenly two strike aircraft seemed to materialise
  in front and high above them, criss crossing the sky at breakneck speed. The
  noise was deafening.  
"THAT'S NO FUCKING ESCORT, STEVE!" Mike Mey had to shout once more to be
  heard. Steve Burton was staring out of the window in disbelief.  
"I think you're right! Tom! The radio! Find out what the&hellip;" but Tom
  was ahead of him.  
"No chance! Sorry, it's still just static." Steve continued to stare at the
  darkened sky outside.  
"Brilliant! We're fired on, we fall thousands of feet, we recover and now&hellip;" the
  thunderous roar of afterburners filled the air again. The aircraft were returning.
  Mike Mey leaned into him.  
"You know what makes this worse?" Steve shook his head. "They look like British
  bloody fighters!" Steve had already made up his mind.  
"Mike, grab the controls and follow me! Okay?" Mike nodded.  
"Sure. What you up to?" Steve Burton looked grim.  
"Depends on what we got left in the tanks. On my mark, okay?" Mike Mey nodded
  again. The roar of the fighters was coming closer. Steve held his course; position
  and speed, his knuckles white, clutching the controls as if his life might
  well depend on them. He was taking a huge gamble.  
Off to his left he thought he saw two tiny flashes of light.  
 He began to count slowly,  
"Three, two, one, GO, GO, GO!" Now he was shouting orders, " FULL THROTTLE!
  NOW HARD LEFT! NOW HARD RIGHT! AND PULL HER UP MIKE! GIVE HER EVERYTHING YOU
  GOT! EVERYTHING!"  
 The roar of the Airbus' engines combined with that of the fighters to create
  a deafening wall of noise. Sluggish at first, the big aeroplane slowly began
  to respond, much to the relief of the two pilots.  
 Speed increasing all the time they zigzagged left and right and then, jets
  already beginning to whine, they started to rise at an almost impossible angle.
  They rose so steeply and so fast that the pilots were pinned to their seats
  by the gravitational forces. Praying that the aircraft were not carrying heat-seeking
  missiles, Mike and Steve pulled at the controls until their shoulders ached.
  Not even caring that the Airbus was once again groaning and creaking around
  them, their only concern at that moment was that the jet engines continued
  to function.  
 They heard a series of explosions, loud and ominous but not close enough
  to worry about and they allowed themselves the luxury of exchanging glances.  
 It had to be the missiles exploding far, far below them.  
The aircraft continued to climb  
 Suddenly they were in cloud.  
The thick cloud that had, unbeknownst to them, been hampering the vessels
  and other aircraft searching for them. Knowing that they could not climb forever
  Steve decided to level out but he didn't reduce his speed, hoping that they
  would still have enough fuel to get them to New York.  
Once the plane was level he turned to his navigator and was surprised to
  see him emptying some tablets from a small brown bottle into his right hand  
"You okay?" Tom looked round.  
"What? Oh yes, yes. Bit of a headache, that's all, must be all the noise!" Steve
  nodded.  
"Speaking of noise there's been some pretty strange rumblings coming from
  the cargo hold. Can you go down and make sure everything's okay?" Tom stood
  up.  
"Yeah, 'course!" Steve turned to his navigator.  
"Tom, we're also gonna need a full damage report. Okay?" Tom nodded.  
"Sure. I'll get on it as soon as I get back." Without another word he slipped
  out of the cabin door. As soon as he had gone Steve turned to his co-pilot.  
"Mike I want you to&hellip;" but Mike was already standing up.  
"If we were in a Lancaster or something I'd have understood it, but not NOW!
  Wartime's one thing but this is two thousand and four, radio's just don't die
  anymore!" he rubbed the back of his neck. "He's been strange, really strange,
  not himself, very quiet, all night, just let me know when he's coming back,
  will ya?" and he eased himself into Tom's seat and began to check the radio
  equipment inch by inch.  
*  
Ed "Gus" McDonald had started grouching just after they had taken off on
  an unscheduled and allegedly routine reconnaissance and he was still moaning
  now.  
"Y'know this is SUCH a pisser. I was due to play golf in the morning!" On
  the other side of the lead F16, Wayne Grissom waggled his wings and spoke into
  the microphone in his facemask.  
"Know your trouble, Gus? You're turning into a fuckin' Brit.! You been over
  there too long, man. You'll be taking afternoon tea and reading the fucking
  Times next!"  
Gus WAS an Anglophile, he would be the first to admit that and he had been
  stationed in England for several tours because he was a good flyer and because
  since 911 the UK's role for the USAF was more strategic now than it had been
  even during the Second World War.  
He waggled back.  
"Go screw yourself, Wayne! I'll trade you Blackpool for Disneyland any day!"  
The three heavily armed aircraft soared above the silent ocean looking for
  anything untoward. The Captain of the flight, Lieutenant Commander John Alda
  had let the guys bitch at each other since take off but now they were nearing
  their target.  
He broke his radio silence for the first time since leaving Lakenheath Air
  Base in Suffolk.  
"Okay guys, listen up! Wayne, I'm sorry about your golf, but there'll be
  other days, okay? You two are the best wingmen I've got and I wanted you on
  board. We're looking for a British cargo plane. It's a British United Airlines
  A320 Airbus, call sign BUA two niner. It reported being fired on by a helicopter
  gunship in mid Atlantic and it MIGHT have a bomb on board. New York Air Traffic
  Control confirms the attack; some columnist for a Brit newspaper took the bomb
  threat. The RAF have scrambled too but if we get there first we escort it into
  New York and ensure that it lands safely, okay?" the attitude of both his pilots
  changed completely. The arguing stopped and they both acknowledged his transmission
  with a curt "Roger!"  
 Suddenly Flight 19 seemed to take on a new energy as Zebras Two and Three,
  in a practiced manoeuvre, pulled swiftly and smoothly away from their leader,
  Zebra One, and took up their allotted stations. Now all three were scouring
  the night sky and their radar for the endangered Airbus.  
Gus MacDonald caught it first.  
"Zebra Two, Zebra Leader. I got a hit on the radar. Dead in front but low,
  low down on the deck!"  
"Copy Zebra Two. Could it be a chopper?" John Alda was worried. An aircraft
  so low could only mean one thing. Gus MacDonald's reply was immediate and unequivocal.  
"Negative! Too big and too fast!"  
"Copy, Zebra Two." Already the commander was transmitting, "United States
  Air Force Flight 19, calling British United Airlines Flight two niner, do you
  copy?" the radio was silent apart from static. He called Gus.  
"Zebra Two from Zebra Leader, got a positive ID yet?"  
"Roger Zebra Leader, it's an Airbus all right and it looks like it's been
  hit! Signs of damage port wing!" the next message was not one he was expecting,
  nor one he wanted to hear  
"Zebra Three, Zebra Leader! Two contacts coming in Nor, Norwest and closing
  fast. They're fighters boss and it looks like they're in attack formation!"  
"Copy Zebra Three. Can you ID them?" Again Wayne Grissom bought him news
  he didn't want to hear.  
"British Tornados boss!" John Alda's blood ran cold.  
"I need confirmation on that, Zebra Three."  
"Zebra Two, Zebra Leader. I got visual. They're Tornados alright, they got
  RAF markings and it looks like they're gonna take out that plane!" John Alda's
  voice sounded urgent, even to him. The adrenaline was pumping through his body.
  His pulse was racing. He was beginning to sweat. His orders were to do something
  he had never ever wanted or had to do.  
"United States Air Force flight leader to unidentified strike craft, the
  aircraft below you is under our protection! Repeat it is under our protection.
  If you take any further action we will have no option but to treat you as hostile.
  Repeat hostile!"  
"In other words: back off motherfuckers!" he thought to himself " Or one
  of us is going to get hurt!" but neither his message nor his thoughts were
  answered. All he got was more static and the unmistakeable sonic booms of two
  sleek fighters preparing to destroy their prey.  
Before he could even draw breath, the vapour trails of no less than four
  rockets were visible beneath him and they were snaking inexorably toward the
  stricken Airbus.  
"Fuck!"  
He didn't want to do this. He couldn't stop the missiles but he COULD stop
  the aircraft from attacking again. Even though they were Allies his orders
  were clear. He watched and waited hoping they would miss.  
Hoping that they would not fire again, knowing that neither of those hopes
  was likely to materialise.  
The sound of engines literally screaming bought him back to reality.  
"You clever bastard!" he thought to himself as he saw the Airbus shoot forward
  and upward with a power he had never thought possible. Even now it was climbing
  away from the ocean and dragging itself up, up into the relative safety of
  the clouds above, leaving the missiles to explode harmlessly below it. Two
  collided with each other and the others hit the water and exploded on contact
  sending walls of spray high into the air.  
 The Airbus wasn't safe yet.  
The Tornados screeched past him and careered off in opposite directions.  
 He knew the tactic.  
They would fly away, turn and come back for a second strike and if missiles
  didn't work, they would literally shoot the Airbus out of the sky.  
Lieutenant commander John Alda took a deep breath and spoke into his radio.  
"Sorry guys! Never thought this would happen. We have to protect that plane.
  Those are our orders. Those aircraft are hostile and have to be dealt with.
  You know the procedure. Acknowledge!" There was a slight pause and then the
  radio crackled.  
"Zebra Two received and acknowledged!"  
"Zebra Three received and acknowledged!" John Alda spoke again.  
"Flight Nineteen this is Zebra leader. We have to hit them before they get
  the chance to fire again. These aircraft are now hostile! Attack formation!
  Repeat, attack formation!"  
 And with that Flight 19 regrouped and prepared to blast out of the sky the
  Allied aircraft that they should, under other circumstances, have been supporting.  
*  
I opened my eyes and found myself on the floor of the cargo hold. I was still
  alive but I hurt. Oh boy, did I hurt. My head throbbed and my eye, my left
  eye, felt swollen and there had to be blood running down my face. My back was
  already sore from earlier and my knees hurt like hell from falling on them.  
 Suddenly reality hit me like a kick in the groin.  
Carlton Prince!  
Where the hell was he?  
That he'd kicked me was a given. That it was little more than a glancing
  blow I took for granted because I was still alive, probably because I had been
  moving away from him at the time.  
I orientated myself as best I could and looked round for Val. I'd heard her
  scream just as the big horse kicked me. I heard her before I saw her  
"Oh my God! Are you all right!" she was crawling over to me, even though
  she was hurt herself. When she hugged me it felt as if I had somehow been given
  a second wind. The aircraft was now climbing as sharply as it had dived  
She put out her hand and grabbed one of mine  
"I'm okay." I said weakly but I didn't feel it.  
We were still climbing.  
I wanted to stand.  
I wanted to get Val back to safety against the bulkhead.  
 I was frightened.  
Yes, I was frightened to look for Carlton Prince in case he was coming for
  me again. Turning my head with the pressure all around me was difficult enough
  as it was. I pulled Val closer to me and said into her ear.  
"Where is he, Val? What's he doing?" blood was still running down my face.
  I was expecting to be hit again at any moment. I'd been lucky that I hadn't
  caught the full on force of the blow but it had hurt, it had hurt me badly
  and my legs were like jelly.  
Val was crying again.  
"You've got to do it Bill. You've got to do it NOW! I know you're hurt but
  please&hellip;please do it." She was so pale. Her face was gaunt, her eyes
  bloodshot, I turned my head as best I could to look where she was looking and
  my stomach turned over.  
Now I could see why Carlton Prince had not come back.  
Now I hated myself for secretly wanting him dead but for not having the guts
  to do it.  
We were still at an angle. We were still climbing. It felt comforting somehow.
  It felt like the situation was in some way under control.  
But it didn't feel as if it were over.  
I was trying to blot out what I was seeing.  
Carlton Prince was almost back in his stall. The sudden change in altitude
  must have made him lose his balance and he must have slid or just fell as he
  was rearing up. Fell into the shattered remains of the steel pen in which he
  should have travelled safely to New York.  
Carlton Prince was never going to travel anywhere again.  
He had crashed against the remains of the steel gate that had kept him inside
  and impaled himself on one of the six-foot spars. It had entered his body just
  between his front forelegs and was sticking out of his neck. The floor was
  awash with blood. It was running from the wound and from his mouth. He was
  making very little noise but his eyes, his eyes were rolling pitifully and
  he was shaking his head and snorting as if trying to blow away the pain.  
I wanted to cry.  
I really, really wanted to cry right then and it wasn't for Carlton Prince
  it was for me. It was sheer bloody self-pity for the mess that I was in and
  I hated myself for it.  
I stood up as best I could and steadied myself against the incline, which
  seemed to have eased just a little. Val was still lying on the floor. I'd let
  go of her hand and I couldn't bring myself to look at her. The bolt, the humane
  killer, was still in my other hand. Swaying against the roll of the plane I
  edged towards the stricken animal.  
It was horrible.  
At least if he had been free I would have felt that he had some sort of chance
  and now I was just walking up, in the same way as if I might feed him a sugar
  lump, to casually end his life.  
In some ways it wasn't as bad as it could have been and in others it was
  much, much, worse. I patted him. I tried to reassure him but I don't even know
  if he knew I was there. Slowly I raised the gun. Slowly I put it to his head.
  To his forehead. To the area between his eyes and said quietly,  
"I'm sorry. I am so, so, sorry!"  
And then I shot him.  
There is no such thing as a quick kill.  
Carlton Prince's eyes rolled and he snorted and his front legs twitched and
  his head reared up and his hind legs moved involuntarily and then his whole
  body seemed to spasm and in fear I almost moved away as his eyes made contact
  with mine and he snorted again blowing more blood over my face and shirt.  
 And then he died.  
His head fell and his body stopped twitching and he just somehow subsided.
  What was once a sleek lean animal was now just so much horsemeat.  
I tried to pull my hand away but the gun would not come with it. The bolt
  was stuck in Carlton Prince's skull. I wanted to leave it there and run but
  that seemed wrong somehow. Very wrong. I twisted it as gently as I could and
  it seemed to coincide with the righting of the plane.  
 Suddenly we were flying straight again.  
Suddenly all the danger SEEMED to be past even if it really wasn't.  
 I twisted again and this time the bolt came out of his head, bent and bloody.  
 I couldn't just drop it. I walked slowly back to Val doing my best to hold
  the gun away from me. When I reached her I sank to my knees feeling old and
  tired. Her eyes were closed. I touched her on the shoulder and she opened them.
  I was about to speak but she just shook her head and cried again and I gathered
  her into my arms and held her as best I could.  
I didn't see the figure walking down the spiral staircase at first but I
  soon noticed both him and the horrified expression on his face when he realised
  that he'd just walked into some kind of blood spattered charnel house. He saw
  the dead horse first and then he saw Juliet's body. It was obvious from his
  body language that he was overwhelmed by the enormity of what must have happened.  
He was in uniform so he had to be a member of the crew.  
He walked a little unsteadily towards us and hunkered down. He looked at
  me and then he looked at Val, pale and barely conscious on the floor then he
  looked at me again and at the blood still running down my face and I was so
  glad he didn't ask me what happened.  
"I'm Tom Roberts," he said quickly, "I'm the navigator," He looked around
  him, "My God! What a mess! How is she?" he indicated Val whose eyes were closed
  and was lying fairly limp in my arms  
"Hi Tom," I said hoarsely, " She's been kicked in the stomach." He looked
  at Val and began to touch her. He'd obviously had first aid training, or at
  least I hoped he had. He felt her hands. He palpated her stomach. He asked
  if she could hear him, he had to ask three times before he got a reply and
  then he gently touched her face and put his fingers to her lower eyelids and
  pulled them down a little.  
He looked at me with concern and whispered.  
"She's very pale, she's barely conscious and I think she's losing blood.
  She MIGHT have a ruptured spleen but we won't know that until we reach New
  York." I looked at him and I didn't even have to ask. He rubbed a hand over
  his face. He seemed to be sweating, "And before you ask," he did his best to
  smile, "it SHOULD take about three hours to get there if we don't&hellip;" my
  curiosity and my fear got the better of me.  
"If we don't what, Tom?"  
A lot of things seemed to happen just then.  
There were more explosions. Close ones. And then there were new sounds. Loud
  noises. The roaring of jets. Close up. Like there were other aircraft near
  us and over flying us. There was what had to be gunfire close by, followed
  by more explosions. The plane was rocking and now it was zigzagging again,
  like it was taking evasive action.  
We were being attacked, we had to be and whatever it was it was very, very,
  close to us. So close that the sky around us lit up as if it were bonfire night
  or something. Then there were two huge explosions. One on either side of us.
  Explosions so huge I could already see one blossoming like a huge oily orange
  chrysanthemum on the left hand side of the plane  
Explosions so big that and so seemingly devastating that the plane dropped
  again, dropped so quickly that my stomach felt like I were in a lift. Dropped
  so far that for a moment I thought we had been hit and as we dropped Tom Roberts
  pitched forward and collapsed onto the floor just behind me.  
*  
Andrew Herriot was watching the Prime Minister anxiously. He had been talking
  for over ten minutes. When he finally did put the phone down his face was grim.
  Andrew looked at him expectantly. It was some time before he spoke,  
"Andrew are you sure you can keep this out of the papers?" His stomach seemed
  to spasm slightly but Andrew was optimistic on that point at least.  
"Absolutely. Trust me on this one it will NOT come out. Not even abroad!" the
  Prime Minister nodded gravely and ran a hand across his forehead.  
"It's not good Andrew. We've lost two Tornados. Apparently they were given
  the order to fire. That order has now been rescinded but the American flight
  that was also sent to escort the plane had no option but to shoot them down!" He
  looked at the desk. "Apparently there were no communications at the time. A
  complete radio blackout that the overflying Nimrod says had its epicentre around
  the Airbus itself!"  
When he did speak Andrew's voice was very subdued.  
"And have they regained contact with the Airbus now?" the Prime Minister
  nodded.  
"Yes they have and I would NOT like to be on that flight at this moment in
  time. One of the horses they were transporting ran amok in the cargo hold." He
  paused to take a breath, " One of the passengers has facial injuries, another
  is much more seriously injured and another is dead, so is the horse and so,
  apparently, is one of the flight crew in an incident that was apparently unrelated." Andrew
  looked at him for a moment.  
"Do we know which of the passengers is dead?" the Prime Minister let out
  a sigh.  
"The man, your man, is still alive, he has a scalp wound but is otherwise
  okay." Andrew looked relieved  
"So, four dead so far?"  
The Prime Minister nodded again.  
" Including the two airmen? Yes. And that's before they even reach New York&hellip; and
  it has to be New York because they are leaking fuel and they simply won't reach
  anywhere else. The State Department have contingency plans for this however
  and for what it's worth the Nimrod has some pretty advanced kit on board. It
  cannot detect any kind of serious radiation threat from that aircraft itself
  and once it lands, if it lands, it will be evacuated, checked and flown on
  to a special facility in the Nevada Desert where it will be contained, searched
  thoroughly from top to bottom and dealt with if necessary." Now Andrew ran
  a hand over his forehead.  
"Area 51! The place they tell us doesn't exist." The ghost of a grin crossed
  the Prime Minister's face.  
"I couldn't possibly comment on that Andrew, I can only tell you what the
  President told me and let me also tell you that if we cannot deal with this
  matter in house then the USAF are prepared to take the blame and call it a
  training accident. A friendly fire tragedy!" the Prime Minister locked eyes
  with his Press Secretary.  
" Only I should have given the order to fire on that plane and that needs
  to be investigated Andrew and investigated zealously!" he paused and let out
  a breath and his whole body seemed to subside. Andrew wondered if now was the
  right time to ask if he had taken his medication but the Prime Minister was
  speaking again, "I just hope this contact of yours at Scotland Yard knows what
  she is doing Andrew because we cannot afford too many of these." Andrew did
  not look away but he knew that he was right and hoped to God that Rose Macgregor
  and her team were too.  
*  
John Alda flew low over the water whilst his two wingmen escorted the Airbus
  to what he sincerely hoped was safety. Communications had now been restored
  and there was a certain amount of relieved banter going on between the pilots.  
 He soon found what he was looking for floating on the dark and troubled
  surface of the ocean.  
Wreckage.  
Wreckage that despite the cold and the wet was still burning.  
Wreckage from the two Allied planes that they had shot down less than five
  minutes previously.  
It had been like shooting fish in a barrel.  
They had hit the Tornados hard and fast with everything they had and both
  had exploded instantaneously with no signs of the pilot's ejecting. There was
  nothing to even suggest that either had managed to escape.  
A wing fragment bearing the RAF roundel was floating on the surface below
  him and he said a silent prayer for his two brother flyers.  
What he wanted to know right now was just who had given the order to fire.  
*  
She would have pinched herself if she could.  
One moment she was quite happily being fed and played with in the nursery,
  the next she was in a rubber fetishists dream - or nightmare.  
They had fed her, as they had done every couple of hours, she thought, although
  she had soon lost track of time and they had caught her unawares. This time,
  they had fed her, they had teased her nipples whilst her mouth was filled by
  the inflatable dummy that also allowed her to take in fluid and then one of
  them, the girl with the Dita Von Teese mask, had slipped her fingers inside
  her nappy and rubbed her erect little clitty softly. Her arms were still spread
  at shoulder height and fastened to the metal frame behind her so she had been
  able to do nothing about the sudden prick in her arm except look down to see
  the young Madonna look alike withdrawing a disposable needle.  
Thirty seconds later she was unconscious.  
The first thing she smelt as she became aware again was rubber.  
 The strong, overpowering and allegedly aphrodisiac scent of rubber.  
 It seemed to be everywhere.  
The sight that she saw when she opened her eyes reminded her strongly of
  some drawings she had seen a long time ago of strange rubber practices.  
 Of black clad females and strange rituals.  
Of rubber witches and their weird familiars.  
Of gas masked rubber nurses and medical procedures that couldn't possibly
  exist in reality  
She had to blink.  
Where the last room was white this one was black. The walls were shiny black
  and reflective. The floor was dull and black and seemed to be heavily cushioned.
  The ceiling, as much of it as she could see, was also matt black and there
  were several dim strip lights installed flush with it but covered to reduce
  glare and provide the minimum amount of light necessary to see.  
Where the last room had been air-conditioned this one was hot and stuffy
  and stank of rubber. She tried to move but she couldn't. She tried to move
  her head but she couldn't do that either.  
She was in some kind of chair.  
 A chair with arms.  
 A chair that reclined.  
A chair that she was strapped into, not just with one or two leather straps
  but with an intricate mesh of rubber that started at her toes and criss crossed
  its way up her body.  
The chair itself, or rather its covering, seemed to be made of a material
  that shaped itself to her body. She was comfortable but she couldn't move an
  inch. Even her face was covered with the same lattice of thin rubber that held
  her tight and unmoving to the chair.  
It criss crossed her legs and her stomach.  
It criss crossed her thighs and her chest.  
It criss crossed her tits and her cunt.  
It even criss crossed her toes.  
It seemed to be carefully arranged so that each strap was on a pressure point.
  There were even straps in the sensitive area behind her knees and there were
  certainly straps against her clitoris and her nipples which she could feel
  even now.  
She tried to speak but she couldn't.  
She tried to move her jaw and make a sound but she couldn't do that either.  
Her mouth felt strange.  
She couldn't move her tongue and there was pressure on and around her gums,
  her nose however, felt remarkable free and clear, especially as she had no
  option now but to breathe through it.  
It occurred to her, for the first time, that she was naked.  
Just by her head and just in her slightly restricted vision because she could
  not move her neck stood two female figures recognisable as such only because
  they had breasts. They were dressed in all in one, shiny, floor length black
  rubber capes that seemed to be pleated from the waist down. The sleeves were
  wide and loose and their hands were gloved with what appeared to be black,
  ultra thin, latex gloves. Their heads were covered by shiny black gas masks.  
These gas masks had one odd feature.  
 The glass or Perspex area that allowed the wearer to see out was opaque
  so there was not even a suggestion that a real person was beneath the cape
  and the mask. She looked down at the two at her feet who even now were walking
  toward the end of the very small room and opening a door.  
If she had been capable of any speech or sound she would have gasped because
  the two shiny black creatures that now entered also wore black masks and capes
  and she could also see that they wore shiny black high-heeled boots. They were
  pushing things into the room. One, she realised with just a slight shiver,
  was a light. A flat square light on a chrome pole, base and castors that looked
  very similar to the one used by dentists.  
With another, deeper, shiver she realised that the chair she was in was,
  in fact, a dentists reclining chair.  
 The other object made her close her eyes and open them again because it
  was something she had never seen before.  
Like the light it was on castors but unlike the light it was human. Or at
  least it appeared to be. She strained her eyes, as the object got closer.  
It was a woman.  
 A Woman of about her own age with a shaven head like hers.  
A woman who was encased up to her stomach in what appeared to be a shiny
  steel tube that was mounted on castors and was being pushed by a black, rubber
  clad figure with breasts and an anonymous shiny gas mask for a face,  
. Sarah stared at her.  
She was naked from the waist up. She had arms and they were visible but her
  hands were not. They seemed to be fixed inside the tube. She wore a gold headband
  and a high gold collar; there were gold cones on her nipples.  
Her face was not masked.  
She was quite a large woman and she was dramatically made up. Lots of dark
  eye shadow. Shiny BLACK lip-gloss and high, pencilled in, eyebrows. It was
  fairly obvious that she could not move from the steel tube into which she appeared
  to be moulded. The black clad girl pushed her as close as she could to Sarah
  and then stood back again. The other had positioned the light, plugged it in
  and now switched it on casting an eerie glow over the proceedings. The newcomer
  stared at her for a few seconds and then she began to speak impassively.  
"Sarah Beaumont, I am Number Four." Sarah tried to move and speak but neither
  was possible, " Don't waste your time dear!" said the newcomer sarcastically, "We
  don't want you to speak because you've said too much in the past and you certainly
  can't move right now. Girls!" almost reluctantly at first the figures took
  closer order around Sarah's naked and restrained form. The woman spoke again.  
"Thirteen! My mask please. Twenty-One! The drill! "  
They came out of nowhere.  
Or rather they emerged from doors made invisible by the black wall covering.
  Two more figures each dressed in black, one pushing a steel medical trolley,
  the other pushing what Sarah recognised with repulsion as a dentist's drill
  on a silver stand with castors attached  
The figure known as Twenty-One pushed the shiny, stainless steel drill until
  it was next to Sarah's right shoulder and then she moved a pace away from it
  and stood impassive. Meanwhile, Thirteen was already attaching a shiny black
  medical mask around Number Four's mouth.  
Sarah was drawn to Number Thirteen somehow. There was something about her
  stance; something about the way she walked that suggested that she might be
  her little friend from previously although it was quite clear that she was
  in reality just as tall as the majority of the other girls.  
Fully masked now, Number Four spoke again.  
"Closer, Thirteen. I want to be able to see her eyes!" was Thirteen a little
  reluctant? Maybe it was just her imagination but the figure of Number Four
  coming slowly towards her was real enough or was it, given the circumstances,
  more surreal than real?  
It was somehow as if the figurehead from a ship had come to life and was
  talking to her.  
"Your friends, Sarah Beaumont, your so called friends, wanted you dead but
  we saved you. We saved you but something has to be done about that mouth of
  yours!" Her bald head shining in the dim light, Number Four leaned in closer.
  When she spoke again her voice was low and threatening. "You spoke to people
  you should not have spoken to, Sarah Beaumont. You said things you should not
  have said!" if possible her voice grew even lower. "For that you should be
  punished! You MUST be punished, Sarah Beaumont and you WILL be!" Sarah was
  completely at her mercy; she could not move a muscle.  
 She'd worked in hospitals for over twenty years and she'd come across some
  strange people, some very strange people, not all of them patients but she
  could not remember meeting anyone as strange as the woman called Number Four.
  For the first time in her life she began to think that she was in the presence
  of someone who was truly insane. The bald woman continued.  
"They asked me. They asked me what I would do to someone who talks when they
  shouldn't, who says the wrong things," her eyes were glittering now, "and I
  told them. I told them what they should do to you, Sarah Beaumont. I told them." suddenly
  her voice rose in pitch and pace and she leaned so far forward that Sarah could
  feel her breath on her face.  
"I TOLD THEM THAT THEY SHOULD CUT OUT YOUR TONGUE!"  
Sarah was grateful that her mouth would not open because otherwise she would
  have found it very difficult not to scream in fear. She did not know what to
  do for the best. If she showed that she was scared the woman would feed on
  it and if she didn't the chances were that this mad woman would show make sure
  that she was.  
Still leaning in close but under control of a kind the woman whispered to
  her.  
"But they said NO! They said that was too severe - even for you!" she broke
  off once more and looked around her, then she cried out," Thirteen! Come here
  girl, come here!"  
She WAS reluctant this time, it was obvious but she moved forward all the
  same and stood next to Number Four. Her voice no more than a sibilant whisper,
  the encased woman looked into the opaque eye slit of number Thirteen.  
"Number Twenty-One is trained in dentistry but you've had a very busy day,
  haven't you Thirteen?" the black clad girl nodded slowly. It seemed that she
  knew better than not to anger Number Four, "One policeman dead and a woman
  seriously injured. A woman who was seen near you not long before. Did you see
  what happened Thirteen?" Thirteen shook her head, Number Four continued. "That's
  good Thirteen. That's very good. I don't like the sight of blood much myself." She
  stared off into the middle distance for a few moments and then her gaze came
  slowly back to the girl who stood between her and Sarah. Number Four cleared
  her throat as if starting on a new topic.  
"I think this might be therapeutic for you, Thirteen," she said quietly, " It's
  always good to work with your hands!" she turned her head, "TWENTY ONE! Start
  the drill and give it to her. Just put it into her hands and let her feel how
  powerful it is." She watched the girls carefully as the spine tingling wheeze
  of the dental drill filled the small room, " that's it! Feel that Thirteen!
  Feel the strength of it. You could drill through a skull with that and in seconds
  you'd be through to the grey matter." Sarah shivered. Four looked around her. "Twenty
  Seven! Push me closer! Alright Thirteen you may switch it off now." The black
  clad figure approached her with obvious trepidation but did as she was told
  and pushed her forward until she was actually touching Sarah's chair. When
  she spoke again it was so quietly that Sarah had to strain to hear her.  
"Sarah Beaumont, while you were unconscious a wire cage was placed around
  your teeth and gums and screwed in place!" she paused for a moment to let it
  sink in and then she smiled a faint glimmer of a smile, "I watched every second,
  it was fascinating!" Then she looked away. "Fat people have their jaws wired
  up to stop them from eating." Then she looked directly into Sarah's blue eyes. " You
  can't eat NOW Sarah Beaumont! Neither can you speak...and you could certainly
  do with losing a pound or two..." That her thought processes were working was
  obvious from the dreamy look that came over her face.  
 "I could leave you here, restrained and mute as you are, couldn't I? " Sarah
  could not reply. Number Four leaned forward so far that their faces were almost
  touching. "COULDN'T I?" she shouted unexpectedly. Sarah was scared now, really
  scared. She blinked her eyes involuntarily and this somehow seemed to satisfy
  number Four, who carried on, seemingly appeased for the moment.  
" I could lock the door and literally throw away the key!" She raised her
  voice again. "And you would die Sarah Beaumont! You would DIE! Eventually&hellip; it
  would be slow and very, very painful!" for a moment Sarah thought that she
  was going to spit on the floor and then she looked down and seemed to be almost
  talking to herself.  
"Of course the best thing to do would be to have you carried downstairs to
  the cellars." She suddenly raised her head and looked at Sarah. Her eyes were
  two frightening black pools. "Yes, we have cellars here. As far down as we
  are, we still have cellars. And I'd like to take you to them just as you are
  now, Sarah Beaumont." Her face was suddenly no more than in inch or so from
  Sarah's again and, voice still low, she hissed, "And have you bricked up and
  watch you as you gradually disappear behind the bricks, unable to speak, unable
  to move but still able to...DIE!"  
Sarah wanted to scream.  
She wanted to cry.  
She wanted above all to be away from here but she also knew that it wasn't
  going to happen and that it was all part of the nightmarish rollercoaster of
  events that had begun on Sunday night, however long ago that was now.  
Number Four's mood seemed to have changed again.  
"But they won't let me do that, Sarah Beaumont. They tell me you have to
  be kept alive because you're needed but they didn't say that you had to be
  able to talk!" she turned to the black rubberised figure of Thirteen. "Come
  closer now my dear. That's it, come closer don't be afraid. It's a simple procedure.
  Twenty-one! Twenty-seven! Some suction please! Sarah could do little but watch
  the girls walk away to what soon revealed itself as a fairly large equipment
  store when they opened the black rubber covered door to it. There was a big
  grin on Number Four's face now.  
"Your tongue has been placed in a rubber sleeve. A rubber sleeve that is
  attached to your jaw harness. You can't speak Sarah Beaumont and you can't
  make a sound but apparently you need to eat." The girls were returning with
  a large black object on wheels that they eased into position by the side of
  her. They were already removing long rubber tubes with clear plastic housings
  on the ends.  
Four spoke again.  
"That's good girls! That's good! Now apply the suction!" Sarah was helpless,
  she couldn't move or speak, she was naked and vulnerable and she was embarrassed
  to find that, despite her fear, what followed made her, even in these circumstances,
  quite surprisingly excited.  
She watched helpless as the rubber girls moved closer to her and began to
  tease at both her nipples and her clitoris simultaneously. Without warning
  they stopped and picked up the rubber hoses. In a swift movement the clear
  plastic housings were slipped on to both her nipples and her aroused and slightly
  engorged clitoris. Number Four watched as if hungry for more action.  
"Come on girls! Switch them on! We cannot keep Sarah Beaumont waiting any
  longer." Sarah's muscles twitched involuntarily as first her nipples and then
  her clitoris were sucked into the tubes. She would have gasped if she could.  
Number Four leaned in close again.  
"We have to perform a small procedure on you now. It is a procedure that
  is necessary if you are to stay alive and it is a procedure that would normally
  require an anaesthetic!" If it was at all possible, her pupils seemed to dilate
  even more, "But you don't need anaesthetic my dear, you will be too busy concentrating
  on something else! Thirteen, turn on the drill!" she looked down toward Sarah's
  bare feet. "Are you ready Twenty-One?" the rubberised being known as Twenty-One
  nodded her head. It concerned Sarah that she had previously been applying what
  looked like thick grease to her rubber-gloved hands. A look of satisfaction
  came over Four's face. She nodded, "Then you may proceed!" she turned back
  to Sarah.  
"Twenty-One has been lubricating her hands because in a moment she is going
  to slip one of them inside what is colloquially know as your pussy, or your
  CUNT if you prefer and she will continue to do so throughout your procedure.
  I believe it is known as fisting in certain circles and I believe it can be
  very pleasurable." She looked quizzically at the naked and bound woman, "and
  who am I to deny YOU pleasure, Sarah Beaumont?" Sarah stared at her in disbelief.
  This was a nightmare that would not go away. This was a nightmare that was
  actually happening.  
Four now turned her attention to Thirteen.  
"Come on girl. You didn't turn the drill on when I asked you to! You do realise
  that you should be punished for that don't you?" Thirteen nodded slowly and
  Four seemed to brighten up a little, "But I think that I can let you off this
  time, given the circumstances." She turned back to Sarah just as Sarah felt
  Twenty-One easing a tentative finger inside her. "Now, Sarah Beaumont, we are
  ready. So I should tell you what we are going to do to you, shouldn't I?" She
  smiled almost graciously. "It has been decided that you must be fed and the
  only way we can do that in your current situation is by tube. So what I intend
  to do, now that your jaws are wired up, is to drill a hole in your front teeth
  to allow that tube to be inserted. I hope you understand." She looked away
  from Sarah and up to number Thirteen who was standing motionless drill in hand.  
"Well, it's all the same if she doesn't! A little bit of pain will soon make
  her understand. Won't it, Thirteen?" It seemed to take an age but Thirteen
  finally nodded.  
Sarah closed her eyes as two more well greased fingers entered her vagina
  and began to spread more lubricant inside her. Number Four watched her face
  for a few seconds and then watched Twenty-One prepare to slide her whole hand
  inside the helpless woman. She muttered quietly,  
"Mmm, if you are lucky, Sarah Beaumont, you may just climax as Thirteen finishes
  drilling out your teeth! SWITCH IT ON THIRTEEN!"  
Sarah closed her eyes as Twenty-One entered her fully with her fist and Thirteen
  switched on the dentists drill with its unmistakeable whine and prepared, without
  anaesthetic and without any dental knowledge, to drill out her front teeth.  
*  
The painkiller had finally kicked in. Liz felt much more comfortable now,
  physically, if not mentally, she pursed her lips.  
"Okay, I need to get this straight in my head. The similarity between you
  and Heather is obvious. Sheila called you "the same two peas out of different
  pods" once. That didn't make any sense at the time and you don't always expect
  sense from Sheila anyway but now you're telling me that you were both born
  on the same day, at the same time but eight thousand miles apart, is that right?" Linda
  nodded. Liz took a deep breath.  
"So, you come from totally different backgrounds and totally different countries
  but to all intents and purposes Heather is the identical twin that you never
  had!" Liz looked at Linda sceptically. "Is THAT right?" Linda nodded again
  and Liz let out the breath noisily. "Christ I could do with another cup o'
  tea!" Linda looked almost relieved, she stood up.  
"There's a machine downstairs. What d'you&hellip;" but Liz was not letting
  her off that lightly.  
"Stay where you are Hutton! I've got to think my way through this." Linda
  muttered something under her breath that Liz assumed was derogatory but she
  ignored it. She looked down at the blanket on her bed for a few moments and
  then she looked back at Linda. She said quietly,  
" So Heather is your Doppelganger! The double we're all supposed to have.
  Have you ever had these "psychic links" before?" Linda spread her arms.  
"I told ya! Sometimes. When I was a kid. Well, about puberty time, I used
  to dream I was horse riding. I'd never been NEAR a horse in me life, let alone
  ride one. And then one night I woke up and I was in SO much pain. I'd fallen
  out of bed and it felt like my nose was broken. I used to keep my door locked
  by then. Y'know 'cos of my uncle&hellip;" Liz nodded. She knew about the abuse,
  not through Linda, who seldom talked about it but purely by chance when speaking
  to Sheila after their abduction. "&hellip;what with 'im and my bastard brothers,
  I'd often wake up sore or bleeding or with one of 'em trying to get into me
  bed&hellip;" Liz swallowed; she had originated from a background similar to
  Linda's but had grown up in a loving family environment. All this was foreign
  to her, "&hellip;but no one could get in. I was on me own. When I went back
  to sleep I dreamed about this hospital. This big concrete and glass place that
  I couldn't possibly have been in before. And the nurses dressed differently
  and so did the doctors. I never forgot the date it happened and when I first
  came across Heather in the States at some fetish do, I mean we couldn't help
  talking to each other could we? I asked her about it and she confirmed that
  April 23 rd  1983 was the day she broke her nose falling
  off a horse when she was 14."  
Liz sighed.  
 It had been a long day and she was still under the influence of the anaesthetic.
  This tale of Linda's was too far fetched to be a lie, so far fetched it had
  the ring of truth about it. Under normal circumstances she would have spoken
  to Heather but of course Heather was nowhere to be found.  
It suddenly occurred to her that, right now, Linda, however weirdly, could
  be the key to finding not just her but Allison and Angela and even Sarah Beaumont
  as well. Although she did not relish that particular prospect.  
She took another long, deep breath.  
"Know what I think, Linda?" Linda just looked at her, "I think you need to
  see a psychiatrist!" the colour drained from Linda's cheeks.  
"Are you telling me you think I'm a fucking fruit bat or something?" Liz
  shook her head.  
"I'm telling you nothing of the kind," as Liz was speaking Danni was entering
  the room with two cups in her hand, "That woman you were all over this afternoon
  on the roof, Charlie something or other&hellip;" Linda was prickly.  
" Charlie Wright &ndash; Patterson and I weren't all over her, I just thought
  I knew her somehow that's all!"  
Liz didn't have time for this right now, she wanted to sleep she wanted to
  sleep for a long time and she wanted it to be all over when she woke up.  
"What was she Linda?" Linda still didn't get it.  
"Eh?" Liz was nothing if not persistent.  
"What was she? What did she do?" Linda shrugged.  
"She was a profiler&hellip; a forensic psychiatrist is what she called herself!" Liz
  nodded. Danni was putting the cups carefully on the bedside cabinet where Liz's
  things were.  
"Yes. And psychiatrists can conduct what they call cognitive interviews.
  They can take you back to an incident under a kind of hypnosis and get more
  or less total recall, if they're lucky." She looked at Linda long and hard. "Don't
  you see? She could take you back to the dream. Get you to remember everything
  you can. It might tell us where Heather and the others are. You've got her
  card somewhere, I know you have, I saw her give it to you."  
Danni was standing by the bed with the look of someone who desperately wants
  to get into a conversation. Both women suddenly turned and looked at her, Liz
  spoke first,  
"Hi Danni! Something wrong?" Danni looked worried.  
"She worked for the police this woman?" they both nodded. "Charlotte Wright &ndash; Patterson.
  About thirty-five? Brown hair?" they both nodded again. Liz spoke first.  
"Yes Danni. Why, what's wrong?" Suddenly not sure what to do with them, Danni
  put her hands in the pockets of her uniform.  
"There was a major incident on the East India Dock Road this evening. A policeman
  was killed!" she paused and looked first at Liz then Linda, and then she looked
  at the floor. "I was just talking to one of my friends in A and E. Someone
  called Charlotte Wright -Patterson, it's a name you don't forget, was bought
  in around Seven, she was unusual because she'd been shot with some kind of
  needle&hellip;" Liz said "shit!" quietly under her breath. Linda was growing
  impatient.  
"Yeah, so Danni? Spit it out!" Danni looked hard at her, her face a mask
  of concern.  
"She died about two hours ago!"  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN BOOK THREE: "REMORSE!"   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wallace


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





