BDSM Library - Party Animal




Party Animal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melody goes to Megs party and ends up serving the guests.PARTY ANIMAL  
 Four peaceful weeks had sped by since the weekend Melody had spent as Meg
  and Sally's personal attendant and she was still unsure whether she had really
  enjoyed the experience or whether she had done the things required because
  she had been given no choice in the matter.  
 How Steve had ever believed her story about getting drunk with Sue and having
  the rings put in her fanny and tits she'd never know, but he obviously found
  them sexy and toyed with them when ever they came in to view.  
 &quot;Why oh why hadn't she listened to the messages on the answer phone
  on her own rather than rushing straight in and turning it on with Steve there&quot;,
  she thought.  
 &quot;Hello darling, it's Meg. Thought I'd give you a ring and see if you
  and Steve wanted to come to a little party at my place this Saturday? Just
  a few people coming round for drinks and chat. Dress casual, you know what
  I'm like..... See you Saturday at seven. Bye&quot; The message blasted out
  and buried itself in Melody's ears.  
 &quot;Sounds like fun. Who's Meg? Do I know her?&quot; Steve asked  
 &quot;No.....I don't think so, she's a friend of Sue's. We met in the pub
  a while back. I'm not sure I want to go, We've got such alot on&quot; Melody
  rattled on, intent on getting out of the invitation.  
 &quot;Nonsense&quot; Steve interjected &quot;I'm already going out but you
  could do with some fun, it seems rude not to go now that you've been invited.  
 Saturday arrived and in no time Melody found herself being dropped off by
  Steve, and again standing outside the door of Meg's house. What lay on the
  other side she thought to herself, but before she could think for too long
  Meg swung the door open and took Melody by the hand drawing her in to the hall.  
 &quot;Quick give us a kiss before anyone sees us&quot; Meg said, pulling
  Melody close to her and planting a firm kiss on her mouth before she could
  raise objection.  
 &quot;Meg I....I don't think this is the time. I'm not sure I want to see
  you again. It's only because I couldn't think of a reason why I couldn't come,
  that I'm here at all&quot; Melody stammered. &quot;Don't worry about a thing.
  I won't make you do anything that you don't want to. What do you think I am?&quot; Meg
  sounded reassuring, at that moment turning and ushering her into the lounge.  
 There were about a dozen others there, mainly women, many of whom Melody
  had not met, but everyone was friendly and before long Melody found herself
  relaxing into conversation and forgetting her earlier concerns.  
 By eleven the party was going great guns, the stereo was blasting out seventies
  and eighties music and Melody was fully relaxed, partly because of the large
  measures of booze she'd been consuming.  
 &quot;Come and give me a hand with the dips, in the kitchen. There's a love&quot; asked
  Meg, and before she thought Melody was in the kitchen, alone with Meg.  
 &quot;That's better. I thought I'd never get to talk to you alone&quot; Meg
  said casually as she placed sliced vegetables on to a dish. &quot;How's your
  bottom, and those delightful rings in your fanny?&quot;  
 &quot;Meg, you said you weren't........&quot; But before she could finish
  Meg had pushed her hand up her skirt on to the front of her panties and kissed
  her full on the mouth again. Melody struggled as she felt the clever fingers
  applying pressure to the front of her knickers, but as Meg's tongue pushed
  it's way deep into her mouth she felt her resolve crumbling and returned the
  kiss, pushing her pelvis forwards on to Meg's hand.  
 Five minutes of heavy petting were all that it took for Meg to restore her
  position of control over Melody.  
 Carrying a tray of dips back into the lounge Melody felt sure that her guilty
  secret was written all over her face. Placing the tray on a small table she
  was about to sit down when Meg told her, none to quietly, to serve them to
  the other guests. Without thinking Melody complied, working her around the
  room asking each person in turn if they wanted some of the snacks.  
 Standing in front of a girl, who'd been introduced as Jane, Melody almost
  dropped the tray as she felt a hand on her left breast. &quot;Is it true?&quot; Jane
  whispered squeezing her soft flesh through her blouse.  
 &quot;What?&quot; Gasped Melody stepping backwards and falling full length
  over a footstool.  
 &quot;That Meg can get you to do what ever she wants&quot; Jane said clearly.
  Unhurt but with the contents of a bowel of dip down her blouse Melody's look
  flashed to Meg.  
 &quot;Jane!&quot; Snapped Meg &quot;I told you that it was up to Melody
  whether she wanted to serve us tonight.&quot; Then advancing to help Melody
  up she breathed into the fallen girls ear &quot;how about taking this blouse
  off, it's covered in mess&quot;.  
 The other guests sat and watched in stunned silence as Meg unfastened Melody's
  blouse buttons and eased the wet material from her shoulders, exposing her
  firm breasts inside a lacy black bra. Mouths dropped as without resistance
  Meg unclipped the bra strap and Melody's tits spilled out, complete with silver
  rings through each nipple.  
 &quot;There that's better, you'd better go and get some more dip, not every
  one has had it yet&quot; instructed Meg, and as if it were a perfectly normal
  thing to be half naked in the midst of a group of strangers Melody walked calmly
  out to the kitchen, returning a few moments later with a fresh bowl of dips
  and vegetables.  
 &quot;It is true, it is! Shrieked Jane &quot;Make her take her skirt off
  Meg, oh please do. Let's see her fanny&quot;  
 &quot;All in good time&quot; Meg relied &quot;All in good time&quot;  
 As the guests stared across the room Meg moved behind Melody and reached
  round to cup the girls breasts in her hands. Melody pushed the tray of dips
  away from her body so that Meg could mould the flesh in her fingers, rotating
  the firm mounds and pushing the nipples, and silver rings, out into the room,
  as if offering them at a market.  
 A mature woman, of about fifty, who had been sitting with her mouth open
  throughout Meg's display, moved forward as if to take the tray, but instead
  took a piece of celery and dipped it in to the bowl pulling it out covered
  in the thick sticky liquid. Then she gently smeared it all over the right breast
  that Meg was proffering. Only then did she take the tray and place it on the
  floor so that she could reach the breast with her mouth. As her tongue licked
  at the dip covered boob the path of it could be seen by the track of uncovered
  flesh left behind. Working her way in towards the nipple, Melody's eyes closed
  and she thrust her chest forwards towards the mouth of the women enjoying the
  new style dip. Having licked all of the dip from her tit the woman sucked the
  silver ring into her mouth pulling Melody's boob into a conical shape.  
 Finished with one breast the woman reached for the bowl and repeated the
  process with the other mound, finally stepping back to take a look, together
  with the other guests, at the firm red nipples against the wet creamy flesh.  
 &quot;Upstairs and change&quot; commanded Meg &quot;things are laid out
  for you&quot;  
 All the guests waited with baited breath.  
 &quot;I think that I had better explain&quot; Meg addressed the guests &quot;Melody,
  like most women, didn't believe that she could ever be gratified by another
  girl. So a friend and I taught Melody the joys of submission and female sex,
  now she is able to enjoy sex at home with her husband and with myself.&quot;  
 Just as she paused for breath Melody returned.  
 &quot;Cor! Look at that&quot; gasped Jane.  
 Melody was dressed in above the knee leather boots, with four inch heels,
  covering fish net stockings held up with lacy garters. Around her waist was
  the correction belt she had been forced to buy in the seedy shop down town.
  Her tits were clad in a rubber bra which had cut outs where her nipple rings,
  and a portion of her boobs, squeezed out. Round her throat was the wide belt
  she'd worn before, complete with dog leash attached. Cuffs on her wrists and
  upper arms completed the attire. There were no knickers and the four silver
  rings through the lips of her fanny jingled as she walked into the room.  
 &quot;Lovely my darling&quot; beamed Meg &quot;carry on with your duties&quot;.  
 So Melody, her body on view to everyone, continued to serve the  
 dips and fetch drinks when ever she was instructed.  
 The other guests were amazed and simply sat and watched. It was a full half
  hour before one of the men plucked up enough courage and reached out his hand
  to fondle Melody's bottom as she bent to pick up a glass. &quot;Freeze&quot; commanded
  Meg, and Melody remained in the bent position so that the man could feel all
  over the curves of her rump and upper legs. When he was finished he thanked
  her and Melody continued with the collection of dirty glasses and plates. As
  she moved towards the door with a tray full of glasses one of them toppled
  off and smashed on the floor.  
 &quot;You careless idiot&quot; Meg screamed &quot;look what you've done.
  Fetch the crop&quot;  
 &quot;Oh no not that, please not the crop it hurts so much&quot; whimpered
  Melody. &quot;I'll do anything, only don't beat me with the crop&quot;.  
 &quot;Well we'll see then&quot; Meg replied, the anger slipping away from
  her voice &quot;On your hands and knees&quot;  
 Complying Melody found herself being led around the room by Meg at the end
  of the leash.  
 &quot;Who wants to command her first&quot; Meg asked to the room in general &quot;well
  by the look of your trousers Dan you could do with a good sucking&quot; she
  added leading Melody to a short fat man seated on the settee. &quot;Ok slut
  do your stuff&quot; she pulled the lease so that Melody's face was in the mans
  lap.  
 Melody reached forward and undid Dan's flies and pulled out his semi rigid
  penis.  
 &quot;Don't just stare at it, suck it&quot; laughed Meg.  
 So, in front of everyone Melody placed her mouth over the cock of this total
  stranger and started to run her teeth up and down its length. People shifted
  their positions to get a better view and Jane got down on to the floor besides
  Melody so as not to miss anything.  
 From this position Jane got a good sight of the rings in Melody's fanny
  and couldn't resist reaching out and feeling their weight. Melody closed her
  legs at the touch of fingers on her pussy, but quickly reopened them upon receiving
  a kick on the arse from Meg. Reaching back between her legs Jane took the rings
  and used them to hold Melody's lips open, pulling each in turn and making the
  girls fanny do a suggestive dance for the other watchers.  
 Another of the men, eager to get in on the act, dropped his trousers and
  approached Melody from behind. The first sensation Melody felt was Jane's hands
  on her bottom easing her cheeks apart, quickly followed by a firm prick being
  forced up her quim. As the man began to pump in and out of her fanny, Jane
  continued to play with the front of her cunt. The two actions causing a phenomenal
  effect on her and she redoubled her work on Dan's tool.  
 &quot;I think she likes that&quot; the middle aged woman chuckled as Melody's
  head bobbed up and down on the shaft at the same rate as the mans penis was
  being pushed in to her.  
 The heat was rising inside her fanny, the clever fingers of Jane applied
  pressure so that before many minutes had passed Melody could feel herself beginning
  to come. Just as Dan erupted into her mouth she let out a long scream as waves
  of pleasure pulsed through her body.  
 &quot;She has a nice arse hole too&quot; commented Meg, and before Melody
  could comprehend the significance of what had been said she felt the shaft
  in her fanny being withdrawn and edge its way against her anus. She hadn't
  been lubricated and her flesh was drawn inwards as the penis was pushed against
  her tight ring.  
 She cried out, but the man was not far away from his climax either, and
  was no to be put off. Dan grabbed her arms as the other man repositioned himself
  to get better leverage, and as Melody screamed louder he drove his shaft firmly
  up her tight opening. As soon as it was in the man resumed his vigorous pumping.
  In a matter of seconds the tightness of the girls arse and the excitement of
  shafting her up there, and in front of these other people, brought the man
  to his climax and he unloaded his come deep inside her.  
 As he withdrew his limp penis from inside her Melody rolled over on to the
  floor, perspiration soaking her face and neck.  
 Helping her up Meg caressed Melody's sore bottom with her hands, squeezing
  the flesh gently whilst licking her ear lobes and breathing on to her neck.  
 &quot;Please let me rest, I don't think I can take any more&quot; Melody
  whispered close to Meg's ear.  
 &quot;Nonsense, we didn't get these objections when you were tied up the
  other weekend. I think that's what you really need&quot; Meg replied drawing
  Melody back to the centre of the room &quot;Now stand there and don't move.&quot;  
 Meg, with the help of two of the men, returned carrying what looked like
  a builders trestle, except it had eye bolts fixed to the legs and a padded
  saddle of leather over the main spar.  
 Meg moved Melody over to the wooden structure and tied her ankles to the
  two legs on the wide side of the structure before easing her over the leather
  padding, which was placed at a height so that her hips rested on it, leaving
  her bottom and fanny open wide to access from one side. Pulling her firmly
  over the frame Meg secured Melody's wrists to the bottom of the trestle legs
  on the other side.  
 Melody could feel everyone's eyes burning in to her backside, and it felt
  as if her pussy was gaping open. She tried to draw her legs together so as
  to hide her private areas from the lustful gaze of the other guests, but, seeing
  this, Meg applied cuffs just above her knees and clipped them to sets of bolts
  on the wooden horse. Forcing her legs open even wider.  
 &quot;No stop please&quot; cried Melody &quot;Oh we can't have that&quot; Meg
  replied sternly and slipped a plastic ball into Melody's mouth and secured
  it with a leather harness that went over the back of her head and round the
  sides, pulling her mouth open, and ensuring that little sound could escape.  
 Because of her position Melody could not see whose hands were being run
  over her legs and bottom. She felt fingers slipping up inside her fanny, whilst
  others pulled roughly on the steel rings. Clever skilful fingers that knew
  which parts of her fanny to work on to bring her to sexual excitement. On and
  on they worked until she felt the unmistakable sensation of a climax rising
  deep within her body.  
 Then suddenly they stopped.  
 She could only moan in to the gag, the straps held her too tightly to enable
  her to move her pussy, and the saddle was not positioned to allow her any chance
  of gratifying herself.  
 Suddenly she felt the air move behind her, followed by the sharp splat of
  leather on flesh. The pain and heat shot through her open fanny, and she screamed.  
 Someone was applying a leather strap to her exposed nates...... Had she
  been able to, she would have seen the middle aged woman being passed the two
  tonged leather strap by Meg, who had been bringing Melody to the heights of
  sexual passion. She would have seen her step back, feeling the weight of the
  strap in her hands before bringing her arm right back to land a blow, full
  force, across the tied girls cheeks.  
 The second and third blows fell in roughly the same spot, but the fourth
  landed across the crease between legs and bottom, an area not used to such
  punishment. As the strap was applied Melody felt, through the immediate pain,
  the heat in her fanny being rekindled, and as the fifteenth slap rang out she
  was overcome by the feeling of her climax.  
 &quot;Look...She's come!&quot; Jane's voice cried out as Melody's head tossed
  from side to side in an uncontrollable frenzy &quot;Strap her some more&quot;  
 The woman with the strap stepped back, the sweat of exertion and excitement
  standing out on her brows. &quot;No, I think she's had enough for the moment.
  Maybe her fanny should see some action now&quot;  
 &quot;Good idea&quot; replied Meg moving to the bureau and extracting a
  large vibrator covered in a black sheath with raised stubs of rubber. The plastic
  shaft sprang into life as Meg flicked the switch and the buzzing could be heard
  clearly above the Bee Gee's music on the turntable.  
 Edging the vibrator against the lips of Melody's fanny Meg teased its tip
  up and down the crack running up to her bottom before easing its length up
  the now well lubricated pussy.  
 The entry of the vibrator made Melody gasp, partly because of it's size
  but also because of the instant effect it had on her love bud. As Meg pushed
  it in and then pulled it back out the rubber nobs of the sheath played havoc
  with the insides of her pussy.  
 After she'd worked away for a few minutes Meg motioned to Jane to take over,
  and having transferred control of the pulsating rod, she moved back to the
  bureau only to return with a slightly smaller smooth length of vibrating plastic.
  As Jane pulled the larger rod out of Melody's fanny Meg slipped hers in, running
  it around the wet flesh. Then pulling it out, she placed it against Melody's
  anus and pushed it slowly, deeper and deeper into the tight opening.  
 Melody cried out into the gag as the plastic invaded her bottom, but at
  that moment Jane re-inserted the vibrator in to her fanny, causing Melody's
  eyes to open widely in surprise at the sensation of both her holes being filled
  at the same time.  
 The two women worked away and shafted the bound girl for all their might,
  plunging the rods simultaneously into her body.  
 The middle aged woman moved in front of her and removed the gag so that
  everyone could hear the moans and gasps of sexual abandon Melody was unable
  to withhold.  
 &quot;Want them to stop?&quot; Questioned the woman.  
 &quot;No..No...&quot;screamed the reply from Melody &quot;Please no, don't
  stop&quot;  
 And they didn't! Within seconds Melody's screams burst forth in to the room
  and the two women pushed the vibrators as deep into her as they could, prolonging
  the screams of passion and pain.  
 As the plastic shafts were extracted Dan moved forward and slid his prick
  up Melody's fanny, pumping in and out for all his might. The continued sensation
  inside her made Melody pant and breath heavily, she felt sure that her fanny
  was going to catch fire, they'd surely stop in a minute and let her rest.  
 As soon as Dan grunted and pushed his come in to her another of the men
  stepped forward and repeated the exercise, ramming his cock in to her so hard
  that Melody's bottom quivered with every slap of his legs against her tied
  thighs.  
 As he came his place was taken by the last of the men, this one reaching
  forward to grab her tits and maul them roughly in his hands as his shaft dug
  deeply in to her body. The pain was excruciating as his nails bit into her
  soft flesh and his pumping crushed her body against the horse.  
 Whilst Melody wailed at the pain Meg helped the middle aged woman out of
  her skirt and panties and strapped on to her a long penis shaped rod, one end
  of which went into her fanny a little way and was held on by straps round her
  hips and under her crutch.  
 As the third man exploded his man hood into Melody, the woman moved forward,
  the shaft bobbing obscenely in front of her. Helping hands pulled Melody's
  cheeks apart and guided the tip of the phallus into her quim.  
 Melody shrieked as the broad head of the dildo pushed its way inside her,
  a scream that rose to a crescendo as the woman urged it deeper and deeper in
  to her body.  
 As she applied pressure to the shaft the woman felt the plastic push harder
  on to her own sex and she increased the effort, before long forgetting about
  Melody in her own attempts to reach a climax.  
 As she moved closer to a come she hammered the shaft in and out of the prone
  girls fanny, using her as a tool for her own ends. Melody screamed and cried
  as the shaft plunged in and out feeling as if she was being torn apart.  
 Finally the woman also screamed and slumped over Melody's body. Rather than
  pulling the dildo out Meg untied the straps and left the shaft of plastic protruding
  from the girls fanny. Only when all the guests has left did she ease it out
  and release Melody, so that she could catch a taxi home.  
 &quot;I'll get even with that bitch, I will&quot; Melody promised herself
  as she crawled in to bed after bathing her bottom and fanny.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  melody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





