BDSM Library - Remorse




Remorse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bill's stay in New York takes on a new meaning and Heather's dream finally begins to make sense. Emma Bannion is under threat and in London life does not get any easier for Inspector Martin.REMORSE.   
BY   
WALLACE   
Remorse: (n) A feeling of regret for sins or misdeeds;
      compunction, contrition, penitence, repentance.   
   
   
Warning; contains strong language   
We had been walking slowly, her arm in mine, both of us maybe lost in our
  thoughts when I suddenly came out of my own head and realised where I was.
  I turned as best I could, looked at her, at her almost serene, smiling face
  and said,  
"Amy, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I was away somewhere again&hellip;" she
  looked at me indulgently and then she leaned forward and kissed me on the left
  cheek, the nearest one to her, the good one and then she touched my face,  
"D'you want to sit down? You look tired, so tired&hellip;" I did my best
  to smile even though my whole face seemed to rebel against it.  
"Do you mind?" She shook her head and there was no judgement in her expression.
  For the first time I looked around me properly. It was a crisp night, our breath
  was turning to steam as soon as it left our mouths, there was a full moon and
  the traffic noise was minimal.  
The place where we were seemed calm somehow and very peaceful, it was three
  in the morning but even so, there was a serenity here that it would be hard
  to find, say in the middle of London, and I needed serenity right then.  
"Where are we?"  
 Amy touched my hand.  
"We're in Strawberry Fields." She said sparely. If my mind was wandering,
  as it had been previously, then it suddenly came into focus. I turned to look
  at her and felt the pain for doing it less than carefully.  
"Strawberry Fields?"  
When he was young John Lennon and his mates used to go to fetes and garden
  parties at the Salvation Army children's home in Strawberry Fields and quite
  a while later he wrote a song about it, THE song about it.  
 But Strawberry Fields was in Liverpool.  
 I looked at her uncomprehending, " But&hellip;" she just grinned at me,
  maybe pleased that she was able, at last, to divert my attention somewhere
  else.  
It was a tranquil glade. There were trees; there was a small incline. There
  were bushes and flowers, even at this time of year and there was a mosaic just
  to my left, a simple black and white mosaic with a candle and a single rose
  on it that spelt out just one word: IMAGINE.  
It was an oasis.  
A tiny piece of calm and solitude.  
So calm it overwhelmed me.  
So calm I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes and for the first time
  since we had landed in New York, for the first time in my recent adult life,
  I started to cry. I started to cry and I couldn't stop and Amy held me.  
She held me close to her and put her arms around me and held me like she
  was never going to let me go.  
*  
People have lived through worse, much, much, worse.  
 They have seen friends and family die, had them literally slaughtered in
  front of them and that, in this sometimes-horrible world, is often just for
  starters but right then, in that blood spattered cargo hold that literally
  stank of death, I really could not imagine any worse horrors.  
Juliet, someone who I had known for less than four hours, lay dead, her body
  still oozing blood, her head kicked in by a frightened horse who, impaled on
  the steel remains of the pen that should have kept him safe on the journey
  to New York, also lay dead and blood spattered.  
Killed by a bolt through his brain.  
A bolt that I had fired.  
A man who I had never known lay a few inches away from me, also dead. Absolutely
  stone cold dead for reasons that I could not even begin to imagine and Val,
  another innocent in this, lay in my arms barely conscious, her lifeblood probably
  leaking into her abdominal cavity even as I spoke to her.  
And I spoke to her continually in an attempt to keep her conscious. Val was
  my only hope, my only grip on life and reason right then and I had to keep
  her alive. She was the only control I had in a world that had turned somersaults.  
 I knew that something had been going on outside but I didn't know what.  
I knew, or rather I guessed, that something had been played out outside the
  aeroplane that could have and might still, mean life or death for both me and
  Val and the rest of the crew but for the last fifteen minutes or so things
  had been quiet.  
We had been flying a relatively straight course without the violent rollercoaster
  like twists and turns and dives and climbs that we had experienced earlier.  
I felt some relief for that but I also felt terribly alone.  
At least I did until I heard footsteps on the spiral staircase.  
I called out.  
"Who is it?" I was concerned. I didn't want the cabin crew to see this carnage,
  this slaughterhouse that I was in, that I was partially responsible for. I
  was relieved to hear a South African accent.  
"It's me, Mike. Why? &hellip;" He walked down the staircase, I've probably
  never been so glad to see someone in my entire life, and he stopped dead. "&hellip;what
  the fuck?"  
Seconds later he was on his knees beside Val and me.  
*  
"How do you feel?" I looked into Amy's calm brown eyes and nodded.  
"Better. But I AM sorry, Amy. I am so, so, sorry." I looked down at my shoes
  and realised that there was blood still on them.  
 I felt so embarrassed.  
It's bad enough crying but doing it in FRONT of someone?  
She already had a hand inside my jacket. She was rubbing my back or rather
  the gauze that covered my back and it felt soothing, my jangled nerves and
  my rigid muscles were already starting to relax a little.  
"Hey!" she said quietly but emphatically, "Lighten up!" she put both hands
  on my cheeks and held my face level with hers. "You've been through a lot,
  you need to let go." I wanted to look away but I couldn't.  
"I'm just a coward Amy&hellip; I was so scared on that plane&hellip; a fucking
  useless coward who&hellip;" her eyes were angry, her voice little more than
  a whisper,  
"Enough with the self pity, Okay? You're not a coward. You're an ordinary
  guy who's been very, very, brave. You did what you had to do. The horse, Carlton
  Prince, he was suffering, Val was DYING. He's dead. He's dead because you put
  the poor thing out of his misery and she's alive because you wouldn't let her
  go. Because you kept her conscious. Because you gave her something to live
  for. The paramedics said that. The doctor said that. Now, they're not just
  saying it to make you happy, so believe it! Be-lieve-it! Understand?" I nodded
  almost sulkily because I still couldn't believe that I'd allowed myself to
  cry in her presence but those soft brown eyes seemed hypnotic somehow. She
  took a breath, a deep one, " And for Chrissake stop apologising!" and then
  she kissed me.  
*  
But I couldn't save Tom Roberts  
I sat there holding Val and trying to keep her with me whilst he convulsed
  and fought for his breath and died. It was over very quickly but I still watched
  him die, unable to do a thing about it.  
Mike checked him out of course and when he was bending over the body I asked
  him if he could smell anything. He sniffed and then he sniffed again and he
  wrinkled his nose and looked at me.  
"Yeah. What's that stuff they put on cakes ...marzipan&hellip; but stronger?" I
  nodded but it wasn't marzipan as such, although it had a similar smell.  
When I was younger, much, much younger, I read a lot of books, mainly detective
  novels. Conan Doyle, of course, Leslie Charteris, Ed McBain, Raymond Chandler
  and Agatha Christie.  
 The one thing Agatha Christie loved was a bottle of poison and any one who
  reads her novels knows that one particular poison has a very distinctive smell &ndash; the
  smell of bitter almonds. In large enough doses it causes breathing difficulties,
  convulsions and ultimately, death.  
I was no pathologist but I was pretty certain that Tom Roberts had died of
  cyanide poisoning.  
*  
We found a rocky outcrop and sat on it or rather I sat on it and Amy perched
  on my knee after asking if I could stand it, which I could. For a while we
  just necked like teens and slowly my body began to relax.  
It had been a long night.  
Satisfied that everything was as well as could be expected under the circumstances
  and after patching me up as best he could with the First Aid Kit, Mike had
  returned to the flight deck promising to alert New York and have an ambulance
  and a crash team standing by for Val. He had wanted me to go upstairs but we
  couldn't move Val and I wasn't prepared to leave her, so we both stayed where
  we were.  
After about ten minutes I heard footsteps on the stairs once again. Mike
  had promised to make the hold off limits to the rest of the crew but a broad
  Australian voice said,  
"S'okay mate, I'm the captain, Steve Burton, how ya doin'? I normally like
  to meet the passengers but I don't normally have to make house calls!" he judged
  my mood correctly and I grinned at him as best I could. He bought thermal blankets
  for me and for Val and he had a bottle in his hand. By now delayed shock meant
  that I was shaking like a leaf and I recognised the bottle as the brandy that
  Mike had left on the table earlier. He poured some into a plastic cup and put
  a hand on my shoulder.  
"I wouldn't normally suggest this," he said quietly, "but I don't think you
  can come to much more harm, do you?" and he grinned like a schoolboy. I tipped
  it down in one go, felt the stuff warming my insides, felt the shaking stop
  and my whole body snap into some kind of order.  
Mike had told me most of what had gone on before; Steve filled me in on the
  rest. Radio contact had now been restored. New York had declared an emergency
  situation and we were being escorted by three F16 fighters. He didn't know
  why, none of us did until we landed and he asked me about Tom Roberts.  
When Mike had told him what I thought had happened he had checked Tom's bag
  and the tablets that he had taken for his headache earlier on.  
 Every one of them had the same smell of bitter almonds.  
He was now quite sure that Tom had been responsible for the radio problem
  they had had earlier and maybe more besides and he was also pretty sure that
  someone had wanted him dead because of it.  
*  
Despite myself, despite the fact that I was sitting on a rock in Central
  Park at three AM in the morning, despite the fact that my back was covered
  in minor lacerations from a small anti personnel bomb, despite the fact that
  the left side of my face was gashed and bruised after being kicked by a horse,
  despite all that, Amy's constant kissing, the warm sensuousness of her toned
  body and the gentle way that she touched and stroked me was making me horny.  
We had come here partly because it was on the way to Amy's and partly because
  I was too wired to sleep. She was pretty pent up too after waiting for me for
  nearly five hours at the airport and she dragged me out of the cab and into
  the park.  
We had walked and talked.  
Or rather, she had talked and I had occasionally escaped from the turmoil
  in my head to reply.  
We had stopped at the point were the horse drawn carriages pick up for tours
  round the park and she had looked at me,  
"Guess it's not a good time for horse rides huh?" It made me laugh, it made
  me put my arms around her and hug her. I was like a clingy child. I didn't
  want to let go and eventually we carried on arm in arm.  
The rock I was on seemed to be the most comfortable in the world. I still
  didn't want to let go of Amy and she seemed in no hurry either. She also seemed
  quite happy kissing. When I came up for air again, I finally asked her,  
"Why Strawberry Fields?" she gave me a look. The sort of look that Sheila
  used to give me when she thought I was being particularly stupid. I think it's
  a look that most women carry in their armoury but only Sheila would actually
  TELL you how utterly crass she thought you were being as well.  
" Before he died, John Lennon lived in the Dakota on West Seventy Second
  Street, which is just across the way from here, he and Yoko used to come here,
  it was their favourite place, so the year after he died they renamed it Strawberry
  Fields. That mosaic we saw? That was specially made in Pompeii. A gift from
  the people of Naples." She leaned forward a little and kissed me on the nose "It's
  a garden of Peace because that's all Lennon wanted and that can't be a bad
  thing can it?" I shook my head silently and wondered if that all might seem
  a little na&iuml;ve after 911 and what John Lennon himself might think about
  it all.  
One single word came into my mind.  
Bollocks.  
But then it often does.  
 I turned suddenly.  
There was a noise off to my right.  
 At least I thought there was but Amy didn't seem to hear it.  
"Might have been a squirrel or a fox or something bigger." I shivered. How
  much bigger? Did Brown Bears roam Central Park looking for picernic baskets?
  She punched me playfully on the arm but I also noticed that she surreptitiously
  slipped a hand into her shoulder bag just afterwards.  
*  
Steve Burton only mentioned it much later but both he and Mike were both
  concerned about our fuel usage up to the time the first tyre struck the tarmac
  and skidded at LaGuardia airport where we had been diverted because it took
  less traffic than JFK and was therefore safer at that time.  
From the moment we came to a halt the world went mad.  
As soon as the doors opened I saw not paramedics but men in space suits carrying
  what had to be Geiger counters because of the noises they made. I could hear
  dogs barking outside and I could also see that we were a long, long way from
  the main airport buildings.  
Eventually the space suits left and were followed by regular Police Officers
  with dogs. Cocker Spaniels who sniffed and licked and generally put their playful
  noses everywhere and it was only when they left that the paramedics were allowed
  on board, followed by a man in a suit who said he was from the British Embassy,
  asked how I was doing and took immediate charge of Val saying that there would
  be no problem with hospital treatment or Medicare and asked me to get in touch
  in the next few days.  
The paramedics looked at my face and the gash on my eyebrow, taped that and
  suggested that I might have a concussion. They wanted me to go to hospital.
  They still wanted me to go to hospital as they took me off the plane and into
  the arms of Amy who had been getting distraught and wasn't exactly appeased
  by the look of me as I was helped on to the tarmac.  
She took charge.  
She told the paramedics she was a nurse and showed them her accreditation
  and she promised to have me checked out at the Walk In Medical Facility at
  the airport, which was exactly that.  
 I was taken in and x-rayed and declared as well as could be expected under
  the circumstances in less than thirty minutes and when I tried to tell Amy
  that if I had gone into a British hospital at that time of night I would probably
  still have been there the following day she just didn't believe me and neither
  did the Yellow Cab driver whose vehicle we were in at the time and who, unlike
  Black Cab drivers in London, didn't seem to have an opinion on everything in
  the whole wide world.  
*  
I shifted a little wondering if you could get piles from rocks. Amy kissed
  me.  
"You Okay?" she asked. I looked at her and for the first time in a lot of
  hours managed a genuine smile.  
"Yeah. I feel a lot better. I feel a lot better being with you and it just
  seems so safe here&hellip;"  
I didn't see them come out of the bushes I just heard the first thing the
  tall one said,  
"Well, that's prob'ly the wrongest thing YOU ever said, ain't it motherfucker?" he
  looked at me as if expecting a reply, I said nothing and that seemed to annoy
  him. "Now get the fuck up and walk towards me!" he glanced at Amy, "You too
  bitch!" my guts did a somersault. There were two of them. One was black with
  dreadlocks, the other white with a gold tooth. They both had knives. Flick
  knives. One, the black one, was carrying handcuffs.  
Amy stood up and I followed, she seemed calm, icy calm. I wasn't.  
The white one had all the mouth. The black guy stood quiet.  
"Put your hands behind your back!" we were close now, very close, so close
  I could smell his breath. Amy stood her ground,  
"Why do you want us to do that?" she asked quietly.  
 It was meant to hurt her and frighten me.  
He lashed out with one hand and backhanded her hard across the face.  
"Don't talk to me bitch! Don't even look at me! Look at the floor! You're
  not fit to talk to me!" I glanced at her. There was blood running from the
  corner of her mouth.  
I looked back at him.  
 I was simmering inside.  
Raging.  
Everything that had happened over the last few hours, over the last few months
  was being distilled and bought to boiling point. My hands were shaking but
  it wasn't from fear.  
 I could feel the colour draining from my cheeks. I didn't want to talk to
  him but I did.  
"What are you going to do to us?" the white one didn't smile.  
"Well, since you ask so nicely, we're gonna handcuff the both of you and
  we're gonna rape her while you watch and then we're gonna kill you and maybe
  her as well." He studied me closely, "Might even rape your fat white arse while
  I'm about it."  
I'd seen it done hundreds of times in pubs all over London.  
It wasn't hard.  
I looked at the black guy. The quiet one, perhaps.  
 Hoping I wasn't misjudging the situation but in reality too far gone to
  care, I shouted at him.  
"What about you? Yeah you! Cunt! Deaf cunt! I'm talking to you! What you
  gonna do? Lick some pussy? Kiss it? Make love to it with your tongue?"  
I got the reaction I wanted.  
 He sprang at me spitting and quivering and consumed by anger and in so doing
  he put himself between Amy and the white guy with the gold tooth.  
She didn't need a second chance.  
Already she had the Taser, the stun gun that she had taken out of her bag
  earlier and dropped into her pocket, in her hand. She touched it to the black
  guys neck and pressed the button and as he went down so she went with him.  
"Bleed you motherfucker, bleed!"  
I turned and just caught the white guy unawares. He struck out with the knife
  and caught me on the cheek but the sudden sharp pain just enraged me more.
  I grabbed his arm, spun him round, kicked him in the back, got him on his knees
  and with his arm straight I pulled it back, back against the elbow and then
  kicked down hard on it with my foot.  
I heard the satisfying snap of breaking bones.  
"Gonna rape me now, asshole?" he was in pain. Theoretically he wasn't a threat
  but I wasn't taking chances and I had a whole lot of rage burning inside me.  
I dragged him up, I grabbed him by the broken arm and I threw him against
  a tree head first and I followed him in and I grabbed his head and I hit it
  and I hit and I hit it against that tree until his face was a bloody mess and
  there was blood coming out of his ears and I suddenly realised that someone
  was screaming,  
"Stop it! Stop it Bill! Stop it!" at me and a single slap to the good side
  of my face suddenly bought me back to my senses.  
Amy was standing in front of me a little breathless, the Taser still in her
  hand; the black guy was barely conscious and groaning on the ground. She pointed
  a finger at me and managed a smile.  
"Just don't apologise! Okay? You beat the fucker senseless&hellip; no more
  than he deserves&hellip; now lets get outta here and we'll call the police
  when we're safe &hellip;"  
 I saw him first, short, stocky, he must have been hanging out a fair distance
  away from us, over by some trees but he had a gun and he was raising it even
  now.  
I grabbed her hand.  
"Run Amy, run for fuck's sake!" and we were off, the adrenaline pumping through
  both of us.  
The only thing that was probably keeping us both going right then.  
The lake was right in front of us.  
She shouted,  
"Can you swim?" and I shouted  
"No!" just as a single shot reverberated around the park.  
Whether she actually DID say,  
"Well now's a good time to learn!" was a mater for conjecture as she grabbed
  my wrist and half threw, half dragged me into the icy water with her.  
THE STORY CONTINUES
      IN PART TWO   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
REMORSE   
(PART TWO)   
BY   
WALLACE   
Despite the amount of paperwork that was piling up on his desk, he did the
  worst thing he possibly could and gave in to the urge to close his eyes.  
"'Ello Guv, 'avin a kip are we?" he opened them, seemingly seconds later
  and saw the grinning face of his Sergeant, who was carefully placing a china
  mug with a pig on it on the desk in front of him, "You should be at 'ome, like
  we both should&hellip;" Chief Inspector Martin blinked,  
"What time is it, Jimmy?" Jimmy did no more than look at the clock on the
  wall behind the Inspector's desk,  
"Ten and you got phone calls, wouldn't have woken you otherwise. Captain
  Ron Kellerman, thirty-fifth Precinct, NYPD and Special Agent Richard Andersen,
  FBI. Rose Macgregor wants you too but I told her you'd phone back!" the Inspector
  rubbed a hand over his eyes and groaned.  
" It's Five o'clock in the morning over there, it can't have started already,
  surely?" Jimmy's face was grim.  
"I ain't got the full SP yet but apparently&hellip; and take a deep breath
  Guv&hellip; 'im and his bird 'ave just bin fished out of the lake in Central
  Park!" the Inspector looked at him in horror.  
"WHAT? They're not&hellip;" Jimmy scratched his head.  
"Dunno! Don't think so. Kellerman sounds like a straight forward, down the
  line geezer but he wants to talk to a senior officer to cover his own arse.
  Special Agent Andersen, on the other 'and, prob'ly buys a cup a coffee on a
  need to know to basis!" the Inspector could not help but grin. Then he looked
  up at his Sergeant plaintively.  
"Jimmy, we haven't eaten, are there any biscuits?" Jimmy shook his head.  
"We did the lot yesterday but Handy Trevor's out at Tesco's now, getting
  some more." Appeased, the Inspector sighed,  
"Okay, put Captain Kellerman on first, then I'll talk to Andersen and then
  I'll tell Rose Macgregor everything I know." Never one to miss an opportunity,
  Jimmy grinned,  
"Well that won't take long, will it Guv?" he weathered his superior officer's
  sour stare and slipped out of the office to check on the biscuit situation.  
 The first thing he saw on his desk, when he reached it, were the notes he
  had managed to salvage from the Jaguar the previous evening, Charlie's notes.
  A sudden flash of anger seemed to start in his stomach and rush to his head,
  then he saw the photograph on the wall of the office he shared with Barbara
  and Daisy.  
The photograph taken on the Beano, the Jolly Boy's Outing, the day out he
  had organised to Southend in the summer. The photograph of Himself and the
  Inspector, dressed casually, holding a smiling and barefoot Charlie in their
  arms like she was a prize fish, with Daisy, Barbara and Pat Greene, the civilian
  who organised their paperwork, and did her best to prepare it for the CPS,
  around her like they had just reeled her in.  
He wanted to pull that photo from the wall and smash it.  
Smash it into a thousand pieces!  
Instead he picked up the notes and threw them at the far wall of the office,
  that for reasons entirely of his and the Inspector's own making and for the
  immediate future, would be empty of anyone apart from himself.  
He didn't even bother to pick up the paper that flew across the room and
  then fluttered harmlessly to the floor, almost covering the carpet by the far
  wall; he sat down at his desk and began to make some urgent phone calls of
  his own  
*  
We were sitting opposite each other in the back of what was basically an
  ambulance painted in the colours of the New York Police Department. An ambulance
  that was, in turn, surrounded by police vehicles, by blue and whites. It was
  still dark and a mist had formed on the lake that we had only recently been
  pulled out of, giving it an eerie black and white quality, like the opening
  shots of some low budget, British, 'fifties horror film.  
We were quite literally cordoned off from the world outside and for the first
  time, in what seemed like a very long time, I felt safe.  
Amy sniffed, we both wore thermal blankets and very little else, we had both
  been declared fit and the risk of hypothermia was decreasing rapidly. I had
  more tape on my face; this time to hold the edges together of the relatively
  deep nick that the knife had left on my right cheek The paramedics had pronounced
  us both fit and had decided that here was as good a place as any for the police
  to interview us.  
The back door opened letting in a chill breeze, the vehicle settled on its
  springs and two men eased their way inside. The first, who wore a smart tailored
  suit, carried a small wallet with a gold shield inside it. He sat next to me
  whilst his companion, also showing his shield, sat next to Amy. The man in
  the suit spoke first.  
"Hi, I'm Detective Burns, 35th precinct," I shook his outstretched hand, "and
  this is my partner, Detective Ortiz," the younger man leaned over and shook
  hands too,  
"Hi," he said with a pure white smile, "Billy Ortiz." and I instantly hated
  him. I hated him for being such a good-looking bastard. No other reason. Amy
  was looking at him. Looking at him much longer than she had detective Burns,
  who wasn't butt ugly but was greying and maybe in his late forties or early
  fifties.  
 Detective Ortiz was something else.  
Jet-black hair, a square chin with just a slight cleft in it, somnolent brown
  eyes, aquiline nose and a body that suggested he worked out every day.  
 Amy was looking at me; there was just a slight grin on her face, an "I'll
  tell you later" grin. Detective Burns sighed a little and said,  
"Okay, we've just talked to the perps, or one of them anyway, and now we
  need to talk to you," he looked at me and then at Amy almost apologetically, "it's
  just routine." Amy took charge because I was in a strange country and more
  than a little out of my depth. It might have been my imagination, it might
  have been paranoia, I hadn't had much sleep recently, or I might still have
  been in jealous mode but something seemed to pass between her and Detective
  Burns as they spoke.  
"Sure," she said, " what do you need to know, Detective?" he consulted his
  notes.  
"Well, according to Clinton Moore&hellip;" I leaned forward,  
"That's the fella with the dreadlocks, right?" Detective Burns nodded. I
  chanced my arm with another question. "Is he British?" the Detective looked
  at me, his eyes had a tendency to hood over and his manner was laconic, almost
  world weary but there were also signs that a sharp mind sat behind that fa&ccedil;ade,
  he said thoughtfully,  
"Well, he's got a sheet but it's gotta lotta holes in it, he's also got a
  number of aliases, let's see," he pulled a piece of carefully folded paper
  from his pocket, "Clinton Moore, AKA, Clinton Williams, Carlton Moore, Carlton
  Harrison and Carlton Williams," he lowered the paper and winced, "ain't exactly
  the most imaginative guy in the world! He 's been indicted six times on narcotics
  charges in the last twelve years and he's always managed to plea bargain his
  way out of 'em," he looked at me with a smile, " in case you're wondering,
  he's probably what Scotland Yard used to call a "supergrass" but he always
  manages to finger some fall guy, someone who ain't an immediate danger to him." He
  studied me now, his gaze steady. "What makes you think he's a Brit?" I didn't
  have a lot to go on.  
"Just something he said as he was coming at me. He was using British slang.
  Cussing me off but not in the way I think an American would." Detective Burns
  nodded.  
"I'll check him out with Interpol and Scotland Yard and for the record&hellip; he
  says that YOU attacked HIM," Amy was aghast,  
"WHAT?" Detective Ortiz broke in. He was consulting his notes.  
"Mister Moore claims that he and his friend, Jesus Ricardo Fernandez, were
  making their way home through the park when YOU," he looked me firmly in the
  eye, "began racially abusing him, when he asked you to stop, you attacked them
  both!" Amy snorted.  
"What about the handcuffs?" I asked quietly, fearing that I might now be
  in a hostile environment.  
"Pardon me?" Detective Burns raised an eyebrow.  
"The handcuffs. They had handcuffs. Moore was holding them, he didn't speak
  much but the other bloke&hellip;"  
"Jesus," said Detective Burns. He pronounced it Haysoos, " Jesus by name
  but not by nature&hellip;" I wondered what he meant by that but I pressed on.  
"Yeah. He said they were going to handcuff us, rape Amy while I watched&hellip;"  
"&hellip;and maybe rape your fat white arse&hellip;" it was Amy doing her
  best to be helpful  
"...and kill me and probably Amy as well!"  
"Yeah and Bill never racially abused him," Amy was leaning across and looking
  the older detective squarely in the eye, " he SEXUALLY abused him but&hellip;" she
  was already realising what she'd just said. Detective Burns turned slowly towards
  me,  
"Care to explain that?" He said with just the ghost of a smile. I sighed
  because it was always going to be difficult.  
 I looked at both Detectives and took a deep breath.  
"I was pretty sure Clinton Moore was of West Indian origin or that he was
  at least of West Indian descent. Think of the worst insult in the world. Think
  of the worst thing that you can say to someone&hellip; if they're Italian you
  insult their mother&hellip;" Detective Burns nodded.  
"Yeah and maybe get whacked for it, people have been killed for less! Your
  point being?"  
"Jesus had already hit Amy in the face. We had to get away from them! The
  biggest insult you can throw at a West Indian man is that he goes down on women,
  that he sucks pussy! I know blokes that won't even admit it to their mates
  for fear of losing face. I know blokes that come to an arrangement with their
  partners that if they DO do it, they will NOT tell anyone about it. So I took
  a chance, I suggested he wanted to eat Amy's pussy and he lost it because he
  didn't want to lose face in front of Jesus who looked like he was in charge!" I
  looked at Amy, "Sorry Amy, it was all I could do!" she threw me a look, which
  suggested two things, if I wasn't very much mistaken.  
One was that I should stop with the fucking apologising and the other, a
  questioning glance with a surreptitious smile afterwards, seemed to ask how
  I felt about eating pussy myself.  
It was at that point that the phone in the pocket of my trousers started
  to play "My name is Slim Shady," I reached across to the far end of the bench
  where they were laying. I looked at Detective Burns who nodded his consent,
  rose slowly and put his head out of the ambulance door.  
" Hey guys, I want the bushes over by the elms searched thoroughly, before
  daylight if possible, okay?" someone distinctly said,  
"You gottit!" in reply and he sat back down whilst I answered the phone.
  I was surprised to hear a cheerful cockney voice at the other end  
"'Ello sunshine. Jimmy Clarke. 'Ows it going?" I looked around me.  
"Not too bad," I said guardedly.  
"Oh, you're still with Lily Law then! " I nodded but he couldn't see me, "Right,
  now listen! I bin doin' a bitta checking and those two, it's Burns and Ortiz
  ain't it?"  
I nodded again, uselessly.  
"Yes."  
"Yeah, well they really are a coupla New York's Finest! They got commendations
  as long as your arm and they bin bussed in from the 35 th  Precinct,
  over and above the blokes in Central Park 'cos the Commissioner wants people
  he knows and trusts on your case, okay?"  
More than a little heartened by this, I nodded again,  
"Yes. Yes thanks, Jimmy." He lowered his voice,  
"Now the guvnor's got a lot on his plate right now, so if you got any problems,
  contact ME, okay? Anything at all. Oh and I 'ear you bin doin' a bitta detective
  work yourself&hellip;" I was tired, I had to think.  
"Oh, you mean that business on the plane..." I could almost hear him smirk.  
"That's it. The Medical Examiner's gonna carry out an autopsy in the next
  couple of hours and fax the results over to Sue Henshaw, our independent Forensic
  Pathologist but his preliminary report suggests that you were right, it WAS
  cyanide and if there's any doubt, Sue will carry out a second Post Mortem when
  we get the body back. Anyway, whatever 'appens we're gonna be checking up on
  Tom Roberts wi' the proverbial comb o' the fine tooth variety!" He suddenly
  became business like. "Listen, I gotta go. Anything you want, call. Good spot
  on the cyanide, we'll make a copper of yer yet. Oh and how's Amy?" I looked
  over at her; she was studying me with a puzzled expression on her face.  
"Wet! " I said simply with a grin meant for her. There was a moment's pause,
  after which Jimmy said,  
"That's the way I like 'em matey, wet and willing!" and then he hung up.
  As I was disconnecting, a red faced uniformed cop opened the door to the ambulance
  with two large, clear, plastic evidence bags in his hands. Each one contained
  a set of handcuffs. He held them aloft for his colleagues to see and then he
  addressed Detective Burns.  
"Found 'em in the bushes like you said, Jerry. We've bagged 'em. Want us
  to label 'em, or will you do it?" Jerry Burns smiled and waved a dismissive
  hand.  
" S'okay, just make it readable, not like last time. Capisce?" The red-faced
  cop smiled and nodded and closed the door. Detective Burns looked at me almost
  apologetically.  
"Okay. I think I can see where we're going on this. Billy?" he glanced at
  his partner who nodded his assent, then he turned to Amy.  
"Miss Olsen, we've got your address, we've been assigned to you for the duration
  of Mister Rodgers' stay, so we'll be around. In the next few days we'd like
  you both to swear out formal affidavits down at the Precinct but it'll keep.
  Mister Fernandez has a history of rape, he ain't going anywhere and we like
  him for two aggravated burglaries up in Queens a few nights ago but we also
  have problems making his indictments stick, so we'll be talking to the Assistant
  DA..." I was, I'm perhaps ashamed to say, suddenly concerned for Jesus Fernandez.  
"How is he?" I asked.  
Jerry Burns took it in the spirit it was intended.  
"Hey, don't lose any sleep over Jesus, you're not the first, and you won't
  be the last to slug him and if you HAD iced him, you would have been doing
  the city a favour! As it is, he's awake, he's not talking and he's got a fractured
  skull, a broken nose and some concussion and an arm that's busted in three
  places! He'll live, unfortunately. Just one question. What did you hit him
  with?" Amy grinned and before I could say anything she said,  
"A tree!" Detective Burns patted me wearily on the shoulder.  
"Okay Superman, I know you've had a hard night. I'm gonna get a squad car
  to take you and Lois Lane here home!&quot; he aimed a gold ringed finger at
  me, " Try and stay outta trouble, yeah? Billy'll give you a number you can
  ring at any time and we'll be in touch, take care now!" and he and Billy Ortiz
  shook hands gravely with both of us before I realised that one question remained
  unanswered.  
I looked at Amy and she nodded as if she could read my mind. Perhaps she
  could, I looked directly at Jerry Burns,  
"The er, the bloke who shot at us, what happened to him?" The detective held
  my gaze.  
"He's dead!" Amy and I exchanged glances and Billy Ortiz consulted his notes
  again.  
"Anatole Kreskin, Russian, lived in New Jersey for the last four years&hellip;"  
"Did your guys shoot him?"  
"Didn't get a chance!" Billy Ortiz again, " He fired a total of six slugs
  from a three fifty seven magnum in the direction that you WOULD have been in,
  if you hadn't hit the lake, before someone shot him through the back of the
  head with a high powered rifle. Pair o' cops from Central Park Precinct heard
  shots and were on the scene when it happened." Detective Burns pointed up and
  to the right.  
" According to CSI, the trajectory suggests it came from one of the apartment
  blocks over there on West Seventy Second but we don't know yet and we've had
  to put a guard, twenty four seven, on Moore and Fernandez, for Chrissake!" for
  a moment I thought that he was going to spit on the floor but he didn't, looking
  at my blank face he gave me as good an explanation as he could, "There was
  an incident in London last evening, which might be related, in which all the
  perps were fatally wounded but they killed a cop and a Police shrink as well,
  before one of their own iced 'em." A shiver ran down my spine. "Shrink" was
  exactly the word Charlie had used to describe herself earlier&hellip;  
"Do you know who it was?" I asked a little timidly, hoping he would say no,
  but his face clouded over.  
"Yeah, I worked with her once. A real sweetheart! Everybody called her Charlie
  but her real name was Charlotte Wright- Patterson!" I felt myself go pale,
  I put my hand on Amy's arm as if for support and Detective Burns knew immediately
  that his answer was not the one I wanted to hear.  
*  
It was only when we were in the Blue and White and a block or so away from
  Amy's apartment that I suddenly remembered something. She seemed perfectly
  content, her head resting comfortably on my shoulder. She'd already apologised
  for being stupid back in the ambulance but I'd kissed her and told her not
  to be silly and held her. She was still shaking a little but, all things considered,
  she'd taken being nearly raped and killed pretty damn well. I, on the other
  hand, was too far gone already for the last incident to make much difference,
  apart from one thing.  
 One thing I had never expected.  
Charlie's death had been just one too many.  
 I tried to raise my head without disturbing her  
"Hey Amy," I said quietly," is your name really Olsen, like in Jimmy?" she
  looked at me and yawned, then she touched her luxurious, almost white hair,  
"So what? You thought this was out of a bottle?" she watched my face go red
  and then she smiled and moved her head enough to kiss me on the lips, "My parents
  were Swedish&hellip;" her much larger than average and now braless breasts
  were rubbing gently against me and I couldn't help wondering idly if THEY were
  anything to do with her Swedish ancestry as well.  
*  
Billy Ortiz had already opened the doors to the black sedan that was parked
  close to a clump of bushes near the lake; he looked at his partner as they
  both eased themselves in.  
"Well?" he asked tentatively. Jerry Burns smiled,  
"What? Other than the gazongas on Miss Olsen you mean?" They closed the doors
  in almost perfect harmony, then he turned to his younger partner, &quot;And
  I know that ain't exactly PC but I ain't feeling very PC today!" Billy Ortiz
  smiled,  
"You'll do! And before you ask, yeah, she WAS an attractive woman and yeah,
  seemed like she had brains as well but I still don't&hellip;" Burns waved a
  dismissive hand.  
"Okay, okay, already! Each to his own&hellip;" but Ortiz was already on another
  train of thought.  
"The guy though&hellip;" Detective Burns turned, suddenly intrigued, with
  a an inquisitive grin on his face,  
"Hey! Surely he ain't YOUR type?" Now Billy Ortiz grinned,  
"Nah! But what's he doing with HER??" the older detective's expression changed,  
"Hey, hey, he's not too much younger than me! Us older guys can still cut
  it y'know!" Billy Ortiz put the car into gear and gave his partner a sceptical
  look.  
"Yeah, course you can Jerry! Anyway, I thought your love was golf these days." Jerry
  smiled and waved a finger at him.  
"Hey, I'll take one big wet hole over eighteen grassy ones any day!" he suddenly
  turned thoughtful, "Given the chance, that is!" Billy reversed the big car
  and then stopped for a moment and looked at his partner.  
"What are HIS chances?" Jerry looked grim.  
"I got that bad taste in my mouth. Wanna beer? We're off duty in five minutes.".
  Billy Ortiz pursed his lips. There were watering holes for Cops around here
  but it was coming up six thirty in the morning.  
"Okay, but I need food &hellip;oh I get it! You wanna go to Elmo's where
  the drag queen smiles at you!" and he put the car into gear.  
Now Jerry Burns grinned.  
"Anyone who can raise a smile for me these days is good in my book!" and
  then his face soured again, "Those guys who tried to ice him? They got connections
  and they ain't good ones. Moore's been seen in the company of some pretty high
  up Yardies&hellip;" Billy Ortiz nodded,  
"Yeah, Kreskin's got family links to the Russian Mafia and Fernandez&hellip;" Detective
  Burns finished the sentence for him  
"&hellip;is just one evil sonofabitch!" he turned to Billy Ortiz, then his
  face brightened just a little, "Hey Billy, I thought you knew&hellip; that
  drag queen&hellip; she's one of my best snitches! I'll see if I can find out
  anything while you eat!" and Billy Ortiz smiled; glad to be able to finally
  lay to rest an image that had been haunting the far corners of his mind for
  several months, but Jerry Burns's face was a dark mask again. For a moment
  it seemed as if he were talking to himself,  
 " That guy, the Brit?" Billy Ortiz turned and nodded, "Seems like a nice
  guy and I don't think he's got the slightest idea of what he's gotten himself
  into&hellip;" his voice trailed off and he seemed to be studying the middle
  distance, then he slowly seemed to come out of his reverie.  
Now he turned to his partner,  
 "We'll do everything we can but five gets you ten that when he finally goes
  back to London," he looked away from Billy Ortiz and out of the car window, " it
  ain't gonna be Club Class or Tourist or even Coach!" Billy turned slightly
  in his seat wondering if his partner had finally lost it.  
 Jerry's eyes were dark and intense, his voice low,  
 " When he goes back to London, it'll be the same way he got here," he was
  still staring out of the window, " in the luggage hold&hellip; but this time," now
  and only now did he turn to look at his partner, " chances are he's gonna be
  in a wooden box!"  
*  
We were standing on the steps of Amy's apartment building, not a brownstone
  but custom built loft apartments, she took my face in both hands very, very
  gingerly and it felt better than it should have done, she looked at me with
  soft eyes,  
"Charlie&hellip; that was her name, wasn't it?" I nodded, " Did you know
  her well?" I shook my head carefully.  
"No! Only met her&hellip; when was it? Must've been yesterday!" she brushed
  her lips against mine  
" Her death's really upset you and you were doing so good up to then!" I
  looked up at the sky, snorted in disbelief and then looked back down at Amy.  
"Too many deaths! You go through life, lose maybe half a dozen really close
  family and then all of a sudden there are people dying all-around you, four
  people in twenty four hours that I knew, even if only for a while and they
  all died because of me!" Amy was about to speak but I got in first. " &hellip;and
  I don't know why! I just don't bloody know why!" my eyes were moist again and
  I looked away from her, only to have my face turned gently back.  
"Maybe you need to forget about things for a while," she said quietly and
  then she kissed me once again. "There's nothing you can do right now&hellip;" we
  had entered the building and were now in the lift to the fourth floor. She
  was rubbing her body against me, her lips brushing mine. She still smelt good,
  despite being doused in freezing lake water. She put her arms around me. "Come
  to bed." She whispered, more seductively than I would have believed possible,
  outside of a James Bond film, "Come to bed and sleep &hellip;You'll feel better&hellip;" her
  left hand was already teasing gently against the front of my still damp trousers, "&hellip;I
  don't expect you to&hellip;Oh wow!" she looked at me and her voice was stern
  but her face was smiling,  
 " It really is true what they say about men and their cocks!" she kissed
  me again and then she broke and said, "You got no fucking control of it whatsoever,
  have you?" she was being more than a little unfair, I thought but then she
  kissed me once more and I'm quite sure that she would have started stroking
  my treacherous body part again, if the lift hadn't come to a fairly abrupt
  halt on the fourth floor.  
*  
 I'd been to Amy's apartment once before, just after I'd tried to rescue
  Sheila from the clutches of someone who was really trying to help her, someone
  who also knew Charlie.  
The very thought of Charlie made me shiver involuntarily.  
Amy unlocked the door and I walked in first.  
It was pitch dark and I knew there was a cat to negotiate somewhere, Spirit,
  a beautiful and affectionate grey moggy who moved around like a ghost, like
  a puff of grey smoke, hence the name but she didn't seem to be in evidence.
  The apartment was open plan and I was just reaching the sleeping area when
  I felt, rather than saw, movement off to my left.  
Right then I was so wired, everything I did was reflexive.  
I threw myself sideways and heard a gasp as I contacted soft flesh. I lashed
  out once, twice, maybe three times. The body underneath me was wriggling, trying
  to get away from me but I already had my hands around what had to be its throat,
  I was starting to rise up onto my knees to get a better grip, when a blow to
  the side of my head knocked me sideways and into nothingness.  
*  
Despite everything, despite her restraints and the things that
      nestled softly inside her, she felt warm and comfortable, more warm and
      comfortable than she had for a very long time.    
Almost as soon as she had entered the chamber she had felt her
      consciousness slipping away from her. The strong but comforting sound of
      the heart beat taking her steadily deeper and deeper, the warmth and the
      silence of the lockdown chamber taking her further and further down into
      a dark and silent and very relaxing world, all of her own.   
She couldn't speak and she couldn't see, she couldn't move and
      she had no need to. There was sensation, faint at first between her legs
      and it began to grow steadily. It began to build. Deep and satisfying,
      deeper and more satisfying than she could ever remember anything ever being.    
It was so luxurious and so pleasurable that it didn't even occur
      to her that it was a sexually related feeling; it just felt so good, so
      very good that it was almost an entitlement somehow. Something that she
      had never felt but had always wanted to, like some long lost need, like
      a need that everyone carried deep in their core but that was seldom satisfied.   
She could feel also feel the soft warmth of other beings nestling
      against her and feel the soft, gentle rhythmic sucking on her nipples,
      on her teats, that right now seemed to be every woman's entitlement. She
      wasn't really aware of her two companions anymore, just of their regular,
      soft, sucking. A sucking that felt that it could tip her into the vast
      yawning abyss of climax at any second but never did.   
When the other feeling kicked in, the feeling low down, low, low
      between her legs and almost in her back, then she felt complete. The slow
      mesmerising sound of the heartbeat continued, the unbelievable waves of
      pleasure began to build and it was only when she had reached an almost
      perfect level of concentration that she heard the voice, the soft, gentle
      voice, not urging, but just telling her what it wanted her to do.   
   
*  
I don't really know what I was expecting.  
Maybe I was expecting never to wake up again but I WAS awake and more or
  less conscious, my head cradled in something warm and soft  
For a moment, one brief horrifying moment, I thought that Amy had betrayed
  me but even now I was starting to get the measure of this new situation  
Something even softer was insinuating itself onto my chest, my shirt had
  been undone, and now my wrist, my left wrist, was being gripped gently, thumb
  where my pulse should be and I could hear voices.  
"Oh Amy, what did you do that for? He's already hurt and you could've made
  it worse!" Amy's voice was a cauldron of frustration.  
"Hey! You should be thanking me, stupid! I just seen him in the park. You
  ever seen TREE rage before, huh? He just nearly broke a guy in half because
  he tried to kill me, er, us, er...Oh whatever! And what the HELL are you doing
  here anyway, Kitten? You were supposed to check that everything was okay and
  go back to your own place! What in the name of Christ went wrong, huh?"  
 Slowly I opened my eyes and, despite the gloom, found myself staring into
  two huge brown ones.  
This just had to be Kitten and she had the biggest eyes, outside of the animal
  kingdom, that I have ever seen in my life. Big, soft and innocent, trusting
  somehow and yet despite or maybe because of that, they were the most overtly
  sexual eyes I had ever encountered.  
I did my best to refocus and realised that it wasn't JUST her eyes that were
  sexual, it was the whole of her body. Her skin was smooth, her features soft,
  her lips full, her nose a little button. Her hair was dark brown, shoulder
  length, shiny and feathered. Her body was generous, not fat but generous. Her
  breasts were large and so were her thighs and I could see them because all
  she was wearing was a black thong and a baggy, camouflage tee shirt. No jewellery,
  very little make up, she smelt absolutely gorgeous and her toe and finger nails
  were black, shiny black.  
She realised I was staring at her.  
And I guessed that she must have been used to it by now but she didn't react
  the way some people would, like she had been cursed, instead she leant forward
  and kissed me softly on the cheek and said, with more than a trace of irony.  
"Hi, I'm Kitten, I WAS Amy's friend&hellip; until about two minutes ago!" and
  then she hugged me.  
*  
It was soft and gentle, maybe American, maybe mid -Atlantic, it
      was hard to tell but its message was clear enough.   
"Relax now. Relax now, baby. It feels good to relax. So, SO good
      to relax and you feel good, so, SO good. You're warm and comfortable and
      special.    
"So, so, special.   
" Special to us.    
"Special to everyone around you and the more that you relax, so
      the less you need to think and the less you need to do. You're warm and
      comfortable and taken care of and you don't need to think any more.   
" All you have to do is do.   
" Just do.    
"Do what we say and do what we ask and you will feel so, SO, relaxed
      and so, SO, warm and comfortable!   
" All you have to do is anything that we tell you.   
" Just do anrything we tell you!    
"Don't think about it, just do it.   
" Thinking brings conflict and we don't want that, we want you
      to be happy, we just want you to be happy and if you do everything we tell
      you, without thinking, then you'll be happier than you ever could have
      dreamed of.   
" You'll be as happy as you ever possibly could be!"   
She tried to fight it but the voice was soft and insistent and
      a wave of climactic proportions swept over her, starting between her legs
      multiplying at the base of her back, doubled and redoubled by her clitoris
      and reinforced by the pressure sensitive pads all over her body, her utter
      helplessness and the soft gentle suckling of Angela and Ally. It was so
      powerful that it seemed to make her very soul tingle with excitement, Heather
      closed her eyes once more and surrendered to the feelings and the commands
      that were washing over her.   
She felt warm and comfortable and empowered somehow and when the
      orgasms finally broke, like a threatening summer storm, it was as if she
      was at the very top of the highest roller coaster in the world, pitching
      down headfirst, almost vertically, into a pit that seemed to have no bottom
      and no end.   
   
*   
Her name wasn't really Kitten; we'd established that whilst Amy pulled off
  her yellow Caterpillars, stripped off her still damp socks and towelled her
  feet dry  
 It was Lorelei, and Lorelei, like so many other people who became interested
  in S&amp;M, for want of better initials, including Amy, had originally been
  a nurse.  
It was BJ who decided that she needed an alias and "Kitten" had been his
  first stab, although it derived from "Sex Kitten" which was apt but which they
  had all soon dismissed as being too much of a mouthful. Kitten had made her
  SAM.com debut almost a year previously and had proved an instant hit because
  she could take everything and more that BJ and the Princess could possibly
  throw at her.  
She loved breath play, she found being beaten, (under the right circumstances)
  a rush and she could soak up pain like a sponge but it was the fear and the
  anticipation that seemed to do the most for her, each session seemed to help
  her confront her fears and seemed to make her stronger and more vibrant.  
Amy bustled into the living area, newly showered, wearing a robe and nothing
  else. She was in "let's get clean" mode, probably a reaction to what had happened
  earlier, and she held out an impatient hand.  
"Pants, shirt, socks, underpants..." I threw a glance at Kitten who stood
  up and motioned me to as well. For a moment I thought Amy was going to applaud, "Good
  girl Kitten!" she glanced at me, &quot;She's seen it all before Bill, she's
  even sucked BJ's cock on camera!" I sneaked a glance at Kitten and she gave
  me a totally innocent smile in return. Then I looked from her to Amy and at
  the robe Amy was even now throwing over the back of the Post Modern, black
  leather Chesterfield we had been sharing and started to undo my shirt before
  Kitten undid it for me like she had thirty minutes earlier.  
   
*   
   
   
She had gone deeper and deeper and still deeper.   
 The voice had helped.    
The enormously pleasurable sensations that washed over her constantly,
      helped too, fuelled by her inability to move or resist in any way She had
      always had a thing for bondage, she felt attracted to it and it never failed
      to excite her  .  
 She was surprised that she was still conscious and hadn't surrendered
      to sleep after the initial burst of orgasmic activity. She realised now
      that she was on a kind of quiet plateau, in a kind of waking sleep where
      nothing bothered her, where the sounds were outside sounds and the feelings
      were outside feelings, almost as if she were empathising with another person.    
Slowly, very slowly, the darkness began to lighten and so did her
      body.   
She seemed to be moving further and further away from her real
      self&hellip;   
   
*   
   
&hellip;the room was warm.   
 It looked but didn't feel, old somehow. It was dimly lit by a
      single gas lamp with a green shade. The furniture was walnut, inlaid and
      polished, giving it an expensive look. The curtains were drawn and let
      in no light whatsoever. They were thick red velvet, floor length and tasselled.
      There were parlour palms in the corners of the room and aspidistra close
      to the black iron fireplace.   
She looked at herself in the full-length mirror and tidied a stray
      hair just as the door opened. A tall man, greying and in his late forties
      or early fifties inclined his brilliantined head.   
"Miss Hutchins is here for you Madam, shall I show her in?" She
      gave the butler an insouciant grin, hitched up her skirts and almost glided
      towards him. She stopped, inches from him and brushed a non existent speck
      of lint from his shoulder   
"Why, we're very formal today, Rodgers, is something wrong?" Rodgers
      lifted a white-gloved hand to his mouth and coughed discretely.   
"I thought Madam that we&hellip;" she smiled.   
"I know Rodgers, I know and we do&hellip; I was just joshing with
      you!" Rodgers looked more than a little relieved.    
"Thank you Madam, in that case, may I show Miss Hutchins in?" her
      smile broadened.    
"You may Rodgers, you may and you may also dismiss the rest of
      the staff! However I would like you to stay because I will have need of
      you later&hellip; is that understood?" Rodgers coughed once more, his expression
      unfathomable.   
"Of course Madam, I shall be in the pantry, should you require
      me." he gave a little bow and left the room only to return with a woman
      dressed entirely in black, wearing a black hat with a veil which covered
      her face.    
He said quietly,   
"Miss Hutchins, Madam." and left the room for good this time. Miss
      Hutchins stood motionless as she moved towards her and carefully lifted
      the black veil. Still holding it she took a step back the better to see
      her and then she stepped forward again and kissed the newcomer lightly
      on her soft cheek.   
 She sighed.   
"Miss Hutchins you are everything my Butler said you were and I
      think that you will bring me a great deal of enjoyment, not to mention
      profit!"   
   
   
*   
It was late, or early, depending on your stance or time zone. The curtains
  in Amy's, apartment were thick and lined and shut out all light. There was
  just a lamp on. The lamp Amy had switched on just after she hit me. Finding
  Kitten in residence seemed to have put paid to our tiredness and now Amy and
  I sat comfortably together in soft, fluffy robes that smelt of her and fabric
  conditioner, she rubbing her bare feet gently against mine, whilst Kitten sat
  on the floor with her legs crossed and her thong visible, listening to us,
  or rather, listening to me trying to describe what had happened in the last
  twenty-four hours, hoping that I could somehow get some of it out of my system.  
 Finally Amy looked at me and said,  
"You know, even if you don't eat, you really should drink something," she
  was already nodding her head before I could speak, "I know, I know! Coffee's
  gonna keep you awake and water&hellip; well okay, I can understand you not
  liking water very much, especially right now but you should have something&hellip;" Her
  eyes narrowed and then brightened considerably, "What about tea? I've got some
  Earl Grey&hellip;" I really didn't want to disabuse her of this American idea
  that all British people drink tea; especially that kind of tea but Kitten saved
  me.  
"Oh no! He doesn't like that. It's shite, absolute shite!" and then she realised
  what she had just said. I suppressed a shiver and looked at her suspiciously.
  From the little I knew of her, there was no side to Kitten whatsoever.  
What you saw was what you got.  
"Kitten," I asked slowly, "have you been in contact with Sheila at all&hellip;Y'know
  'bout five six, slim, English, short hair with a burgundy rinse, face of some
  sort&hellip;" there was a definite tut from Amy who had scuttled away from
  me a few seconds previously,  
"'Course she has! Sheila's staying with her&hellip;" I didn't want to finish
  the sentence; I didn't want to suggest that that was why Kitten was here but
  Sheila did tend to be an acquired taste and that very same Sheila had been
  known to piss people off to the extent that they would do anything to get away
  from her but&hellip;  
 Kitten must have sensed that her unwitting impression of Sheila had unsettled
  me. A little shamefaced, she looked down at the polished pine floor and then
  rose up on her knees and looked at me with a smile,  
"Hey, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to," she was kneeling forward in what appeared
  to be an act of supplication, "&hellip; I just&hellip;" I took her in my arms
  because that was exactly what you wanted to do with Kitten. She was warm and
  soft and everything I thought she would be.  
"It's okay, it's just that for a moment back there, it was like&hellip; it
  was like she was in the room with me." I felt the shiver even now, then I heard
  a voice from the cooking area, Amy's voice, followed by the sound of cups rattling.  
"So that's what this bag is, right? I saw it earlier but it didn't really
  register&hellip;. Bendicks English Delicatessen&hellip;hey Bill&hellip; what
  the fuck are PG Tips?"  
I had to laugh.  
Only Sheila would have the sheer gall to send someone out, in the middle
  of New York, and presumably, in the middle of the night as well, to buy tea
  bags.  
*  
She had moved behind her now, stroking the back of her neck with
      her right hand whilst studying her intently.   
"My, but he has tied you tightly!" she leaned in close and just
      let her lips brush the nape of her exposed neck. Then she moved so that
      the new arrival could see her once more. She took off the black veiled
      hat and threw it onto a nearby chair, letting the girl's long luxuriant
      brown hair tumble down. It reached the small of her back and she brushed
      a few stray wisps from her face and then she took a pace backward   
Miss Hutchins was indeed tied very, very tightly. She was wearing
      a brown dress that reached to her ankles, black boots and a long black
      topcoat. The coat covered the ropes around her upper thighs, her waist
      and above and below her breasts. Her hands were tied behind her, elbows
      touching, palms together, her arms engulfed by a web of geometrically perfect,
      intricately tied, white rope holding them tightly rigid.   
To disguise all this the empty arms of her coat had been tucked
      into her pockets to give the impression that her arms were still inside
      them. She dropped to her knees and lifted her skirts a little. As she suspected
      there was a rope hobble just above her ankles maybe nine inches in length
      that just allowed her to take small delicate steps but certainly would
      not allow her to run away.    
She stood up and looked into her victims' glittering blue eyes
      and said quietly,   
"It seems that he has done a very thorough job. I know you can't
      speak, Miss Hutchins but I want you to nod and I want you to tell the truth
      now." she paused for a few seconds, "I know you didn't come to me exactly
      willingly but I need to know if he has taken any liberties with you, aside
      from tying you up that is. Tell me the truth Miss Hutchins, I am not your
      enemy, in fact you may well find that I am much more than your friend.
      Has my butler touched or interfered with you in any way?"   
*  
Sheila, it transpired, was her normal ebullient self, although she had had
  a cold for the last few days that had stopped her filming. Constant sneezing,
  when your hands are tied behind your back, isn't fun all round and she had
  been banned from the warehouse on safety grounds, the safety of the people
  she was sneezing all over whilst Kitten had taken some of her scenes and acted
  as gofer as well.  
Contrary to my expectations, Sheila and Kitten actually got on famously,
  it seemed, Kitten taking charge and confining Sheila to bed. That surprised
  me even more because the word "headstrong" was probably coined with Sheila
  in mind and it wasn't like her to do as she was told.  
I looked at Kitten in amazement.  
"You've either done the impossible or she was at Deaths Door! I've never
  known Sheila stay in bed&hellip; ever!" I wasn't telling the full truth but
  I was referring to times when she was on her own. Amy was sitting next to me
  again and the three of us were holding mugs of hot and strong but quite milky
  tea and Sheila's box of PG Tips lay open on the breakfast bar. I made a mental
  note to replace them to prevent hostilities breaking out in the not too distant
  future.  
Kitten gave me her usual wide-eyed and innocent look.  
"Oh it was easy! Once I got her in the jacket&hellip;" I eyed her suspiciously,  
"Jacket? What jacket?" Amy had raised an eyebrow and was putting her cup
  on the glass table in front of us, a table that also doubled as a fully lit
  and fully stocked aquarium, but Kitten carried on unconcerned.  
"Oh, the strait jacket. The one BJ gave me!" half of me wanted to hug her
  and protect her, the other half wanted to scream at her. But Amy was already
  resting a hand on my thigh.  
"Okay Kitten, lets get this right, Sheila was ill, so BJ gave you a strait
  jacket to keep her in&hellip;" Kitten was already shaking her lovely head.  
"No, no, BJ gave ME the strait jacket because he wanted me to get used to
  it!" I felt Amy's grip on my thigh tighten but I was beginning to see a clearing
  in the jungle.  
"Why, Kitten? Why did he give you the jacket?"  
"Oh, because we used it in one of the scenes and I liked it and BJ wanted
  to go live with me in it for a whole day but I needed to get used to it because
  that crotch strap is soooo tight!" Amy was looking at me but I soldiered on.  
"Okay, so you take the jacket home and wear it, right?" her eyes were even
  bigger now than usual,  
"That's right, I watch TV in it or I read or I just hang out&hellip; but
  I can't fasten the arms&hellip;." she looked at me, "&hellip; I was going to
  ask Sheila to do it for me but&hellip;" I turned and stole a glance at Amy.
  As far as I was concerned she was damn lucky she hadn't but Sheila was still
  very reticent about getting involved with other women, she preferred to let
  things happen rather than take the initiative.  
"Kitten, tell us what happened." It was Amy, her voice almost pleading.  
Bright as a button Kitten said,  
"Sure. I was at home and I'd just showered. I heard someone at the door and
  it was Sheila. So I let her in and she was sneezing and I said "Oh you poor
  thing!" She was all&hellip;oh, she used a word&hellip;" I took a punt.  
"&hellip;bunged up?" Kitten smiled.  
"Yes that's it! Because I thought she meant she was, y'know, pregnant!" I
  bowed my head and put my hand over the lower part of my face. Amy's frustration
  was beginning to show and she dug me harder than was necessary in the ribs
  but it didn't stop me laughing.  
"Okay Kitten," Amy's voice seemed to have risen several decibels, "let's
  cut to the chase, shall we? What did you do to Sheila? Why did she end up in
  a strait jacket and where is she now?" Kitten smiled, she always seemed to
  be smiling.  
"Sure. Like I said, Sheila was sick, I told her to take a hot bath and then
  BJ rang me on my cell phone and told me he wanted her to stay in bed for a
  few days, so when she got out of the bath&hellip;"  
 I suddenly had a vision.  
 A vision of Sheila walking around naked, as she normally did at home and
  my mind was filled immediately after by a similar vision of a naked Kitten,
  who had already mentioned that she had just showered, grabbing the sky clad
  Sheila, wrestling her to the ground and then encasing her in the inescapable
  jacket.  
Things had gone quiet, both girls were looking at me expectantly, Kitten
  said pleasantly,  
" Did you want to ask me something Bill? Only&hellip;" I was stuck.  
"Er, no, it was just that, er, well, Sheila's not very domesticated. She,
  er, has a habit of walking around with no clothes on&hellip;" Kitten smiled,  
"Oh, that's great! That's not a problem. We both do, she's got a really cute
  body!" I couldn't look at her and I got the distinct impression that Amy was
  staring at my crutch but she poked me viciously in the ribs again before I
  could be sure.  
"Ignore him Kitten," she said, through visibly clenched teeth, "he's just
  gone hormonal. Now carry on..."  
Kitten was quite happy to.  
" Yeah, so when Sheila came out, she saw the strait jacket where I left it
  on the bed." She looked at me oblivious of what was happening in my mind, "It's
  beautifully made Bill, you really should see it," Amy was shaking her head, "And
  when Sheila saw it, she asked whose it was and if she could try it on because
  she had one at home, just like it&hellip;" I could feel Amy's eyes on me now
  and it wasn't uncomfortable so much as, well, horny, really.  
I obviously knew what Amy was into and she had an inkling of what I did for
  a living these days but the inner workings of Sheila and myself had never really
  been mentioned.  
 At least not by me&hellip;  
Amy's hand was still on my thigh but it seemed somehow softer now and it
  was also moving gently upwards.  
"Okay, " Amy was taking the lead once more, "So the straitjacket was the
  same as the one Sheila had at home, yeah?" and before Kitten could answer,
  her hand had slipped quietly into the folds of my robe and soft fingers were
  meeting and gently gripping, rapidly hardening flesh.  
*  
She looked in to eyes made much bigger by the gag that was undoubtedly
      formed from tightly packed cloth covered by strips of white Egyptian cotton.
      The black veil would have covered it but to further camouflage the fact
      that Miss Hutchins' mouth was sealed, a pair of lips had been etched onto
      the cotton in bright red lipstick. The two women stood a few inches apart.
      They were the same height and much taller than the average woman. The one
      with the short blonde hair studied her dark haired captive, holding her
      loosely by the shoulders and marvelling at just how similar the two of
      them really looked.    
Finally she said,   
"Well Miss Hutchins? What is your answer? I have no intention of
      harming you permanently but you WILL find that it is best, in the long
      run, to tell me the truth. Now once more, has the man who bought you here,
      my butler, interfered or taken liberties with you in any way? Answer me
      now!" and then suddenly her whole demeanour changed and her face softened.
      She touched Miss Hutchins's cheek and said quietly, in a voice that was
      far more American than her usual tone, "Ain't gonna hurt ya honey, just
      tell me the truth!" she stood and waited and after what seemed like hours
      with no sound but for the steady ticking of the ornate Long Case Clock
      in the corner and the occasional clip clop of hooves from passing Hansom
      cabs, Miss Hutchins finally sniffed and nodded her head.   
   
*   
I think that at that stage, my mind wanted or needed a diversion and so as
  Kitten described the events of the evening when Sheila came home with a cold,
  so I could clearly see the whole tableau enacted in the private, slightly run
  down and strictly Adults Only theatre in my head.  
Sheila was naked and barefoot; she walked into the living space of Kitten's
  apartment towelling her short hair dry. Seeing the TV still on, a large tiffany
  lamp the only light source but no one present, she wandered through to the
  bedroom humming something completely unrecognisable to herself, as she tended
  to do.  
Kitten was sitting on the bed, equally naked, closing her cell phone. Next
  to her lay a black PVC straitjacket complete with hood. The curtains were drawn
  and the room was lit by a single, ornate and multi coloured Tiffany Lamp, smaller
  than the one outside but bright enough to see clearly by.  
When she heard Sheila padding in, Kitten looked up and smiled.  
"Hi! How ya feeling?" Sheila grimaced.  
"Yeah, I'm all right! Certainly didn't need to be sent home like some overgrown
  bloody schoolgirl&hellip;" she broke off to sneeze wetly into the air. "Bugger!"  
Always empathic, Kitten stood up and put a hand on her shoulder.  
"Oh you poor thing! Come and sit here on the bed and I'll make you a drink." She
  put a little pressure on the naked woman's shoulders and, for once in her life,
  Sheila complied and bent her knees to sag onto the edge of the bed as Kitten
  sat down next to her, " BJ says you are absolutely NOT to go to the warehouse
  until you're better!" Her eyes widened considerably, " And he wants ME to look
  after you!" if that had any impact at all on Sheila, it was very hard to tell
  because she was already stroking the soft shiny material of the strait jacket.  
"Oh, this is nice!" Kitten looked down and absent-mindedly reached out a
  hand to touch the material too. Their fingers met briefly.  
"Oh yeah," she said plaintively, "it's absolutely gorgeous and I love wearing
  it, you feel so, so&hellip;" Sheila's eyes met hers.  
"Confined?" Kitten nodded.  
"Yeah, so wrapped up but so snug and warm somehow!" Their faces were very
  close. Sheila picked up the jacket and put it to her nose, which she then wrinkled
  in distaste.  
"Oh, this bloody cold, I can't smell sod all! And it normally smells so good&hellip;" Kitten's
  eyes were almost engulfing hers.  
"Have you been in one of these?" she said as Sheila held the jacket to her
  small but perfectly shaped breasts. She nodded almost absent-mindedly.  
"Mmm. Oh yeah. I've got one at home, or rather Bill's got one that he puts
  me in if I've been fucking about too much!" Kitten's eyes seemed to sparkle
  for a moment.  
"Does he do it up tight?" she asked almost breathlessly. Sheila giggled.  
"Oh yeah! AND there are inserts, only I don't let him use the butt plugs,
  horrible fucking things!" she looked away and into the middle distance, "Some
  of the dildoes he's got are fucking enormous, real pussy stretchers!" Sheila
  DID set out to purposely shock sometimes but if Kitten was shocked she didn't
  show it, although her eyes did seem to widen that much more. Sheila looked
  down at the shiny black jacket again. "This one feels a bit more flexible,
  it's newer than ours, or it's not had as much use&hellip; but it feels like
  it's got a lot more padding, like despite all that it would keep you even more
  still&hellip; make you feel even more&hellip; wrapped up&hellip;" Kitten meanwhile,
  had been looking Sheila up and down with as blank an expression as she could
  muster.  
"What do you mean&hellip; he puts you in it?" she said slowly. Sheila laughed.  
"Oh no! It's not the way YOU think, he's not some kind of monster!" she thought
  for a few seconds, "Well, only when he's snoring and I can't bloody sleep!
  No, he puts me in it because I make him, because I wind him up and wind him
  up until he's got no bloody option!" she put her face so close to Kitten's
  that their cheeks were touching. "It's the way I like it!" suddenly her face
  changed and she looked down at the floor and at her bare polished toenails.
  She seemed lost in her own thoughts until finally she said, "Well it's the
  way I used to like it, before&hellip;before&hellip;Oh bollocks! " she looked
  up and across at her companion, "Y'know, in all the time I lived with him I
  could never say that to him, I could never be honest! Know something? I've
  probably talked more about our sex life to YOU than I EVER did to him&hellip; and
  that's part of the bloody problem!" Kitten was already standing up and she
  had grasped Sheila's hands before she could even put down the strait jacket.  
Taking no heed of just how infectious Sheila might or might not be at that
  moment she kissed her gently on the cheek and said quietly,  
"Maybe you being sick is a GOOD thing! Maybe you need time to think." The
  naked Kitten moved smoothly behind the equally naked Sheila and began to massage
  her shoulders gently. Sheila could feel her muscles unknotting almost as soon
  as the younger woman touched her, she let out a little sigh and almost leaned
  against Kitten who was just slightly taller than her.  
Kitten smiled,  
"Is that nice?" Sheila nodded silently, "You need to take a little time out,
  think things over, relax a little! It's been hard for you, the last few months,
  you need to let go!" Sheila stifled a cough, she really didn't want Kitten
  to stop but Kitten was already eyeing the jacket that Sheila had dropped back
  onto the bed.  
She put her face close to her ear and almost nervously she said  
"You'd like to try the jacket wouldn't you?" there was a pause and then Sheila
  replied as if she was answering a normal every day question, not one that was
  going to affect her freedom for the immediate future.  
"Yeah. You know for like, old time's sake. It must be nearly a year since
  he put our one on me&hellip;" she turned her head as much as she could and
  looked at Kitten, "&hellip;what the fuck! I've missed it, y'know and I miss
  him&hellip; " She corrected herself as quickly as she could, " &hellip;sometimes!
  Oh fuck me!" And she sneezed so hard and so loudly and so unexpectedly that
  Kitten knocked the jacket on the floor in surprise.  
*  
Her mouth was packed with the same Egyptian cotton that had covered
      it and it had been packed with care, not shoved carelessly into place.
      It had been pushed to the sides and back of her mouth as well as the roof
      so that her mouth was truly stuffed with material and speech was nigh on
      impossible, her tongue held stringently down by the tight packing.    
All she was capable of was little mewing noises at the back of
      her throat.   
 T he blonde woman held the saliva soaked packing distastefully
      between thumb and forefinger and dropped it into the fire then she walked
      slowly back to Miss Hutchins who had yet to utter a sound. Almost impatiently
      she said,   
"It's all right girl, you can speak, I wouldn't have taken that "stuff" out
      of your mouth otherwise!" Miss Hutchins seemed unable to take her eyes
      off the tall woman in front of her.    
The woman who bore a remarkable resemblance to herself.    
She was obviously in unfamiliar surroundings and she seemed to
      have trouble marshalling either her words or her thoughts but eventually
      she said,   
"It's you! The one what I'm s'posed to look like. The American
      with the English name, the do gooder, the Suffragette, the one everybody
      'ates. The one blokes think they're dealin' wiv when they fuck me&hellip; when
      they 'it me&hellip; when they&hellip;" she broke off and burst into tears.    
For once in her life, Lady Heather Franklin felt more than a tinge
      of embarrassment. She rushed forward, pulling a clean handkerchief from
      her pocket. Unfurling it she put it under the still bound girl's nose.   
"Hey, hey honey, it's all right now! Just blow for me, good girl,
      good girl!" she wiped her nose and then her eyes, "That's it honey, thaats
      better!" she moved even closer and stroked the girl's cheek, knowing that
      she had to ask, "When they&hellip; what honey? When they&hellip;?" the
      girl looked at her for a second before replying but she could see nothing
      to be embarrassed about. She sniffed and then her top lip twisted upward
      as she said,   
"When they fuck me up the arse, yer ladyship. When they fuck me
      up the arse because they think they're fucking you!"    
*  
It wasn't difficult, Sheila had held out her arms and Kitten had simply tugged
  the straitjacket in place, although she had wondered how hard it would be to
  put it on someone who was really struggling and for some unaccountable reason,
  she found herself becoming surprisingly wet.  
She pulled the jacket over Sheila's shoulders and quickly did up the mass
  of leather buckles and straps at the back. Soon she was encased, the thick
  padded and comfortable looking collar, almost orthopaedic, held her neck rigid,
  the body of the jacket confined her torso and her arms were held uselessly
  in long black tentacles that had yet to be strapped tightly round her chest
  and stomach.  
Kitten could not resist, she put her arms around her new captive and whispered
  in her ear,  
"How does it feel, baby?" Sheila shivered. She wanted to turn to Kitten but
  she couldn't. Equally quietly, in fact at that moment she found herself almost
  too excited to speak, she said.  
"Yes, Kitten, it feels really good! You'd better get me out of here before
  I &hellip;" but Kitten was already hugging her even tighter.  
"Oh no, oh no! Just give me those arms&hellip;" she reached forward, gathered
  Sheila's left arm, eased it gently across her body and began to thread it through
  the loops and straps at the back of the shiny black PVC strait jacket. She
  took even more of Sheila's weight as she leant heavily against her and a drew
  a deep, deep breath through her nose whilst she fastened the left arm firmly
  in place, "You're not going anywhere now Sheila," she whispered, "You're going
  to stay here with me and let me look after you because I'm in charge now!" she
  kissed her on the cheek and then began to tug the other arm into place leaving
  Sheila much more helpless than she had been just five minutes previously.  
*  
Lady Heather wasn't shocked and maybe that was the problem. Maybe
      she should have been but the years working with the prostitutes of Limehouse
      and Whitechapel had perhaps hardened her more than she realised. When she
      first heard about Lynn Hutchins, when people first began to mention the
      uncanny resemblance between her and a common Street Girl who worked the
      sailors coming to and fro from the London Docks, it had never occurred
      to her that people would take her fame and notoriety out on someone else.   
Heather eased the bound girl into an armchair. She was talking
      much more readily now.   
"It's the knobs, the rich people, what are the worst. They hear
      about me and they get people to meet me in the pub and make assignations.
      I mean I can't complain really 'cos I earn a lot more than I would otherwise
      but&hellip;" and here she looked at Heather plaintively, "They 'ate YOU
      Miss! They really 'ate you. All that women's rights stuff, it's a threat
      to 'em! They're more frightened of you than they are the Kaiser or the
      Anarchists or even the Bolsheviks! Only they don't really say it, most
      of 'em, they just make me grovel and beg. Beg not to be beaten. Beg not
      to be fucked up the arse! Pardon me for saying it again, Miss. One bloke,
      'e's a doctor at the London 'ospital and 'e thinks I don't know, 'e makes
      me take me street clothes orf and then he ties me in me bloomers and me
      stockings over this thing, 'e calls it an 'orse, and then he beats me and
      makes me apologise for doin' the things what you're doin' and I have to&hellip; I
      have to suck him&hellip; I have to suck his&hellip;"   
Lady Heather was perched on the arm of the chair feeling extremely
      inadequate. She touched the girl's face   
"It's all right Lynn," she looked at the girl for a moment, realising
      that she deserved, at the very least, the common courtesies and she coughed
      self-consciously, "Is it all right if I call you Lynn?" Miss Hutchins laughed.   
"'Course it is Miss, I get called a lot worse!" and for a fleeting
      moment she smiled and her entire face lit up. Heather said gently,   
"So this man forces you to suck his cock, is that right? Lynn Hutchins
      nodded.   
"Yes Miss. Sounds funny when you say it, what with you bein' posh
      an' all!" Heather smiled to herself. If only she knew, if only she really
      knew, but she carried on quite briskly.   
"Okay Lynn, I have a proposition for you. I will make no bones
      about the fact that if you agree, you will be helping me a great deal but
      you will also be helping yourself and I will see to it personally that
      you will be safe at all times!" she studied the bruise that was evident
      on Lynn Hutchins cheek and touched it gingerly with her thumb, "You cannot
      continue in your current circumstances but I would like you to continue
      with your current business," she paused momentarily, "for a little while
      at least." She stared off into the distance and then back at the slightly
      puzzled Street Girl who said quietly,   
"All right Miss but I got commitments! I need at least two bob
      a week to pay me rent and such!" Lady Heather smiled   
"Two things Lynn, first of all, in future you will please address
      me as Heather, oh and you will certainly be earning much, much more than
      two shillings a week. Secondly, I still want to know exactly what my butler
      did to you." Lynn Hutchins looked at her with eyes that suggested more
      than distrust because people had promised her things before but she was,
      in the end, a pragmatist.   
" All right Miss, I mean Heather. Someone made the assignation
      for 'im, they didn't tell me what 'e wanted but they did suggest that he
      liked "restriction" and 'e took me up to a room over a shop in 'anbury
      street." She paused and then looked up almost trustingly at the American. "Is
      chloroform the stuff what knocks you out, Miss?"   
*   
She wasn't afraid.  
At least she    wasn't afraid of the situation she was
  in.  
There was a definite frisson of fear however, when she considered just how
  far both she and Kitten might, or could, go.  
 She trusted Kitten who, no more than five minutes ago, had squatted on the
  carpet in front of her, still naked and blithely informed BJ, via her mobile
  phone, that she had done exactly what he wanted, that Sheila would certainly
  not be going anywhere and that if it was all right with him she would be staying
  to look after her.  
She couldn't be too sure of what BJ had said although she got the impression
  that he might have been tearing his hair out just a little but it was her final
  words that had really caused her problems, that had really made her clench
  down there, in the places that she was doing her best not to think about right
  now.  
In response to something BJ had said, Kitten had looked at her with those
  big eyes and said,  
"No BJ, she's not going ANYWHERE, not even to the toilet, unless I say she
  can!" And then she had closed her phone and looked at Sheila like she was some
  kind of prize, some kind of possession.  
An object maybe, rather than a person and Sheila had shivered and a sudden
  spasm seemed to hit her in that vaguely forbidden zone between her legs  
 It was at that moment that she finally realised just how moist she really
  was. Alone, tied up and at the mercy of someone who posed about as much of
  a physical threat to her as the proverbial dead hen but whose sheer raw sexuality
  radiated from her like some kind of glowing, pulsating, living aura.  
Kitten got up slowly, moved forward so that their faces were just a few inches
  apart and then squatted down so that her buttocks were resting lightly on Sheila's
  knees. The strait jacket was now fully done up, apart from the crotch strap,
  which hung somewhat comically between her legs. Her bare feet were planted
  firmly on the floor and the rest of her was pretty much taken care of by the
  restricting jacket.  
She was hugging herself, her shiny black PVC covered arms strapped tightly,
  one over the other and held immobile behind her back. She couldn't move her
  neck, the high restrictive collar saw to that and she hadn't realised originally
  that the extra padding of the jacket concealed steel boning that not only made
  it heavier than the average strait jacket, further restricting movement but
  also nipped it in tightly against her stomach and waist, meaning that she had
  little room to breathe.  
 It also meant that she have to be doubly careful about moving too quickly
  because the tight lacing would soon make it difficult for her to inhale.  
Sheila was more restricted than she had been for a very long time but she
  wasn't frightened like she had been when she had been kidnapped, in fact she
  was the complete opposite. She looked up at the naked Kitten who was regarding
  her almost lovingly and at that moment all her thoughts seemed to revolve around
  that one person  
She could smell Kitten; she could feel Kitten and she was beginning to think
  that she wanted Kitten.  
Kitten meanwhile, stretched luxuriously and then put her arms around the
  helpless Brit, drawing her close. She kissed her on the cheek,  
"How does it feel?" she asked genuinely. Sheila looked at her for a few seconds
  and then quite proudly used the only Americanism that she had managed to pick
  up so far,  
"Yeah. I'm good!" she said brightly, nodding her head at the same time, knowing
  that she was hiding more than a multitude of sins.  
Kitten, soft warm Kitten, rubbed her nose against the sensitive skin just
  above Sheila's neck. It seemed to Sheila that she was trying to burrow her
  way in but it felt good, almost ticklish in fact and she could already feel
  the gooseflesh rising on her body.  
 Quietly, very quietly, she began to whisper in Sheila's ear.  
"Y'know it was always a fantasy of mine to, to make out with another woman
  but I never thought it was possible until I met BJ and he made a lot of my
  other fantasies come true!" Sheila shivered. She was holding her legs together
  tighter than she wanted to but there was a reason for that.  
Even now Kitten was taking her right hand from her shoulder and lowering
  it gently onto her exposed left thigh. Sheila shivered again and she realised
  that she was still speaking.  
"... we started slowly. He blindfolded me, put me naked in a hogtie and left
  me on the warehouse floor. Then he blindfolded two of the girls; they were
  naked too, and he tied their hands behind their backs and made them kiss what
  they found, otherwise they got whipped and sometimes he whipped me too, not
  so hard that it REALLY hurt and it was a real rush&hellip;" now she was nuzzling
  Sheila's ear and it felt so good that she had no option but to close her eyes
  and put her head back as far as the collar would allow.  
Kitten was running her left hand softly through her hair.  
"Some of the other girls, they kinda graduate from being submissives to topping
  the newer girls on camera. I thought about doing it but BJ says I'm too good
  a submissive, too popular to lose&hellip;" she put her lips close to Sheila's
  ear and asked, "What do you think Sheila? Do you think I'd be any good as a
  top? Do you think I could top you?" As she battled with the threat of an approaching
  small climax, for once in her life Sheila could not even begin to think of
  an answer.  
*   
Lady Heather listened expressionless, one hand on her chin, as
      Lynn Hutchins recounted the events of the previous few hours. She had met
      the man she now knew to be William Rodgers, her butler, in a room above
      a shop in Hanbury Street, Bethnal Green. A place still notorious as being
      the site of one of the Jack The Ripper murders nearly twenty years earlier.    
She hadn't known Annie Chapman, the victim but she had met some
      of her family and although her death worried her it didn't worry her enough
      to give up her only livelihood   
Rodgers had arranged the meeting through an associate. The day
      she met him above the Hanbury street shop was the first time that she had
      ever set eyes on him.   
As soon as she walked in the room she could feel his eyes on her.
      He was tall and apart from a crisply laundered white shirt, dressed entirely
      in black, even his tie. His boots, she noted, were highly polished and
      his hair was brilliantined and greying.   
"They tell me your name is Hutchins, girl. Lynn Hutchins. Is that
      right?" she held both hands clasped in front of her and said quietly.   
"Yes sir, that's right." He spoke brusquely but she was used to
      it. She'd put up with worse.   
"My Mistress," Rodgers began, looking down his nose at her, "whose
      name does not concern you right now, has a proposition for you. One that
      might even keep you off the streets but I have to prepare you first." there
      was a pause. She was mindful of the fact that she wasn't being given an
      option in this but money didn't exactly grow on trees in the workhouses
      of East London.   
"Well don't just stand there!" Rodgers had his hands on his hips
      now. "Come here girl! I need to get you ready."   
Slightly hesitantly Lynn walked towards the butler until she was
      standing just one or two paces in front of him. Impatiently he muttered,   
"Turn round girl! Turn round! Take that damn coat off and throw
      it on the floor!" she hesitated for a second but it was enough time for
      the butler to say testily "It's all right girl, it's a probably a damn
      sight cleaner down there than that thing is anyway!" Lynn said nothing,
      the coat was only three months old, she'd bought it from one of the new
      Marks and Spencer shops but she took it off, folded it and put it on the
      floor anyway.   
"Now girl, put your hands behind your back!" she was starting to
      see the light now. It wouldn't be the first time a client had tied her
      up and it probably wouldn't be the last, at least she hoped it wouldn't.
      She was a fairly good judge of character and she had this one down as being
      a bit pompous and a bit overbearing but no more. In fact she had at first
      wondered if he was one of the ones who wanted HER to tie HIM up, perhaps
      gag him with some intimate garment of hers and stroke his cock until he
      climaxed but she had obviously been wrong.   
 She rubbed her wrists a little, almost in anticipation and then
      she stretched her arms and eased them behind her back.    
Rodgers slapped her lightly until they were in the position he
      wanted and then, with surprising efficiency, he picked up some white cotton
      rope and began to bind her arms together, rigid and palm-to-palm.    
He laid rope after rope after rope until her arms were almost inextricably
      drawn together, her wrists secure, her elbows touching. Experienced as
      she was, something about his manner, something about his expertise with
      the ropes seemed to attract her to him and although she was a business
      girl she found herself becoming just a little excited.    
Something she had no intention of relaying to her client who even
      now was at her feet, lifting up her skirts, running a hand up each of her
      stockinged ankles and then, with remarkable dexterity, tying a nine inch
      hobble between them to prevent her running away.   
Satisfied that he had Lynn how he wanted her, Rodgers stood up.
      In his hand she could see that he was holding some soft white material.   
"Well girl," he said quietly, "You may be a common prostitute but
      you keep yourself in reasonable order and your clothes are better than
      I might have thought but it wouldn't be for you to go talking in polite
      company, so open your mouth now!" she looked at him a little wide eyed
      and he said wearily, "It's all right girl, it's only until we get to our
      destination and that's Arbour Square in Stepney, do you know it?" she nodded
      silently. "Good. And now I want you to open your mouth."   
 She did it.   
 She did it as soon as he told her to but instead of what she expected,
      instead of him stuffing the whole wad of cloth into her open mouth, he
      surprised her by packing it carefully in place. There wasn't much she could
      do to stop him but the feeling of having this man pack cotton tightly inside
      her mouth, pressing it into cavities that she hadn't even considered before
      with surprisingly nimble fingers, was somehow humiliating and deeply exciting
      at the same time.    
She felt her tongue being pressed down to the floor of her mouth
      by the packing and the cotton being carefully pushed in until it touched
      the roof and the sides as well. She idly wondered if her mouth was beginning
      to bulge and she was almost disappointed when Rodgers finally withdrew
      his fingers and bent down to the small Gladstone bag that was lying on
      the floor.    
When he straightened up again he was holding yet more cotton, in
      pure white strips this time, which he then proceeded to wrap around and
      around her mouth so that it was not only stuffed but also tightly sealed.   
He bent down once more and took out more cloth but this was in
      the form of a man's linen handkerchief. From his pocket he withdrew a small
      brown fluted bottle with a glass stopper and then he walked slowly around
      her until he was standing behind her once again. He put an arm around her
      and drew her tightly again him. She heard him sniff.   
"Well you DO surprise me. You smell of Sunlight Soap, so at least
      you wash regularly!" she tried to speak but she couldn't. She tried to
      tell him that she, unlike a lot of the other girls, especially the Absinthe
      and Gin drinkers, was very careful about her personal hygiene and made
      a point of douching after every client but it was all in vain. He let go
      of her, pulled up her skirts and delivered a stinging slap to her exposed
      and strockinged right thigh.   
"Behave yourself now girl!" he said sternly, "You're not being
      paid to throw tantrums, so stop it now or I'll smack you again!" Lynn calmed
      down very quickly and was quite comforted to feel his arm around her once
      more. She had also noticed, out of the corner of one eye, that he had slipped
      the bottle and handkerchief back into his pocket.    
"Hold still now, I have to examine you!" she wondered what that
      meant but at least so far he had not tried to be over familiar. He had
      not tried to kiss her or anything like that.   
 She hated that.    
All the girls did.    
He had been running his hands over her arms, her tightly bound
      arms and now he was studying them closely. She wondered why? He put his
      face close to hers.   
"Not that it's any of your business," he said quietly and as if
      he could read her mind, "But I am checking to make sure that the ropes
      are not affecting the circulation of your blood, your arms would go blue
      if they did but they seem normal. Now&hellip;" he let go of her again and
      squatted on his haunches. He picked up the bottom of her skirts and raised
      them slowly, causing her to shiver not with fear but with a kind of excitement.   
Eventually he stopped and tucked the hem of her skirt into the
      waistband, leaving her stockings and bloomers on display. Then he stood
      up walked round to the front of her and repeated the action leaving her
      fully displayed at front and back.    
He took a few paces backward as if taking stock and then he walked
      forward again, undid her cardigan and roughly pulled open her blouse leaving
      her standing there with her brassiere exposed.    
He was watching closely and if he was expecting her to blush then
      he was several years too late but he had noticed a shiver as he displayed
      her bra. He walked towards her again.   
"Your breasts are very nice Miss Hutchins," he said quietly, "They
      are an asset to you, as I am sure you are aware!" and with that he moved
      closer and touched each one very gently and then he gave them both a light
      squeeze. She had been around too long to blush but she did feel a tiny
      twinge of embarrassment because she had somehow enjoyed it.   
His eyes on her and his superior manner made her feel subservient
      but excited. He was humiliating her in a way that she could deal with,
      in a way that, she had to admit, she was quite aroused by.   
Now he was stepping back again and his gaze was travelling downwards.   
"So," he said finally, after studying her for some time, after
      staring at the area between her legs, "Are you as clean down there as you
      are everywhere else?" she looked at the floor, she couldn't look at him.   
 It was the wrong thing to do; he raised his voice just a little,   
"Look at me girl! Look at me when I'm talking to you or else I'll
      have to take my belt off to you and put you over my knee!" this shouldn't
      be happening. She shouldn't be feeling like this but a sudden rush, a sudden
      liquid feeling between her legs left her feeling weak. She did as she was
      told and looked at him, looked into eyes that were brown and surprisingly
      soft and then she shuddered as he moved forward, put his hands into the
      waistband of her drawers and pulled them swiftly down to her knees.   
She still had her stays on, her corsets, but all they did was frame
      her abundant patch of pubic hairs between taut white suspenders    
For a while he said nothing and she could not speak even if she
      wanted to. The tension seemed to build up considerably in the small room
      above the tobacconists shop. He reached out and touched her cheek and looked
      once more into her eyes. He seemed to be telling her that he could do anything
      he wanted, anything at all.    
When he finally touched her pubic hair it was a relief and she
      wanted to snort air out through her nose but she found that she was still
      holding her breath and he was still looking at her,   
"This is extremely soft Miss Hutchins." He was touching it with
      the back of his hand. Every movement of that hand transmitted feelings
      that were almost luxurious and seemed to run from between her legs up and
      down her spine. Not many, in fact no recent men had touched her as gently
      as this. She realised that he was speaking again,   
 "I really did not expect you to be quite as fastidious as this," she
      shivered, she knew what the word meant and despite herself this time she
      really did blush and as he saw the redness spread across her face so he
      slipped a gentle finger inside her, looking at her with one eyebrow slightly
      raised as he felt just how wet she really was.   
 He held her gaze once more and then he slipped in another finger.   
Their eyes were locked as he very slowly began to slide his fingers
      in and out, although she really wanted to close hers and give in to all
      the sensations that were now alive within her. His fingers moved slowly
      and tantalisingly, sliding in a little deeper and then threatening, just
      threatening to withdraw.   
She wanted him right then.   
 She knew that it wasn't polite to ask but she had, sometimes in
      the past, if a customer had demanded it, if he had wanted her to beg him
      to fuck her and to fuck her hard and certainly that was exactly what she
      wanted right now.   
 She really wanted this man to fuck her but she couldn't even ask.   
 She was tied hand and foot and gagged.   
He began to move around her, not taking his eyes off her and not
      removing his fingers, in fact he seemed to be agitating her wetness more
      and more. He was standing behind her now, one arm around her again, making
      her feel warm and comfortable, while the other hand continued sliding two
      fingers in and out of her seemingly sopping wet entrance.   
He was pressing up against her, his groin against her bare buttocks
      and it felt good. She could feel his hard penis against her but it felt
      strange somehow. It felt odd. Hard and large but distinctly unusual. It
      seemed to be pointing straight up but she liked the feel of it and could
      not help but rub against him.   
 A fact that he was not slow to pick up on.   
"So you like that, do you Miss Hutchins?" he whispered in her ear, "Little
      point in my calling you a little whore now, is there?" she shivered at
      the words. She shivered again when she realised that he was now moving
      a knowing finger upwards to a place where no one else had ever even bothered
      to touch and very soon he was rubbing that finger over the hood of her
      clitoris, causing her to moan through her gag and sag back against him.   
She felt movement, the arm around her shoulders had gone and he
      was slowly, very, very slowly, withdrawing his fingers but to her surprise
      and delight, mixed with just a little horror, she found that he was only
      withdrawing them so that he could deal with her twitching clitoris more
      directly.   
Obviously skilled fingers were already feeling around it and lightly
      drawing back the hood. She trembled in anticipation, an anticipation heightened
      by the sound of his voice in her ear.   
"This will make you feel a little woozy Miss Hutchins, and eventually
      you will sleep but you won't be harmed, you have my word on that!" And
      with those words he offered the white linen handkerchief up to her nose
      and pressed it there, forcing her to inhale deeply as he began to strum
      a soft finger against her clitoris sending wave after wave of raw pleasure
      though her, over and over again, until she finally lost consciousness.   
   
*   
   
"Hey! How are ya?" Kitten sat on the edge of the bed and looked quizzically
  at Sheila. It was freshly made up with satin sheets and an absolute pile of
  satin covered pillows. Sheila was laying propped up comfortably by the pillows,
  her legs a little more wide open than she would have liked but held in that
  position because Kitten had told her, in no uncertain times, that that was
  how she wanted them and that that was how they were to stay until she had done
  what she had to do.  
 Her feet were propped comfortably on the white satin covered duvet and she
  had already admitted to herself that if she had to be held captive, then this
  was the way it ought to be.  
In Kitten's right hand was a glass tumbler with a glass straw in it, she
  held it just under the helpless Sheila's mouth and now it was her turn to look
  quizzical.  
"What's that?" Kitten smiled.  
"Orange juice. Vitamin C. It's good for you!" She put a hand on Sheila's
  black clad shoulder, "I liquidise the oranges myself and then I let it cool
  down in the fridge. Try it!" She put her hand on Sheila's back and helped her
  sit forward a little more. Then she offered the straw up to her mouth.  
Sheila WAS used to using straws because it wasn't the first time she had
  been in a situation like this but this was different somehow. Of course there
  was always the vague fear, in the back of her mind, that Kitten might be some
  kind of Psycho but on the whole she felt wanted and loved and cared for and
  as she drank she watched with surprise as Kitten produced another straw, dropped
  it into the nearly full glass, lowered her head and began to drink too.  
It was arguably the most intimate moment she had ever shared with another
  woman and they both drank steadily until the orange juice was all gone, both
  making strange noises with their straws as they tried to Hoover up every last
  drop. They were both laughing now and when Kitten finally took the glass away
  it seemed the most natural thing in the world for them to touch noses and then
  kiss each other softly on the lips.  
It was Kitten who broke first and as soon as she did and with no free hands,
  Sheila was unable to stifle a huge yawn. Kitten chuckled and touched her cheek.  
"Hey, sleepyhead, time for bed. Just lay back on the pillows for me and keep
  those pretty legs open!" Sheila knew this was out of character, she knew it
  wasn't like her to do as she was told but she did it anyway. She lay back on
  the pillows, letting them support her weight comfortably and if anything, opened
  her legs even wider than they were before. Kitten repositioned herself and
  reached out a tentative hand, which she smoothed slowly down Sheila's left
  leg.  
She was looking up at the shadow covered ceiling, revelling in the feel of
  Kitten's soft hand when she felt her head being lifted just a little. The hood
  of the strait jacket was unzipped from the body and dropped on the floor. Kitten's
  lips were close to her ear now.  
"Won't be needing that baby, not in your condition and I'm not going to gag
  you either!" she kissed her on the cheek, "But I AM gonna blindfold you, for
  a little while at least&hellip; just hold still baby!" the blindfold was very
  thickly padded and it felt snug when it was finally buckled tightly but not
  uncomfortably in place. If it thrilled Sheila then it certainly seemed to have
  an effect on Kitten too.  
"How's that, baby? How does that feel? Can you see how many fingers I'm holding
  up?" Sheila couldn't see a thing.  
"Er, twenty seven?" Kitten threw her arms around her, hugged her and kissed
  her wetly on the cheek.  
"Oh you're so sweet and so lovely! Not the pain in the ass people said you
  would be!" Sheila wanted to laugh. She would leave wondering about exactly
  WHICH people had said that for later but she wasn't insulted, she knew how
  she could be sometimes, she knew what she was and all she wanted to do right
  now was hug Kitten for being so bloody honest but she couldn't because she
  was almost inextricably bound up in the black PVC strait jacket that kept her
  restrained and almost docile.  
She could feel movement down by her thigh and then she heard Kitten's voice,
  thickened by concentration.  
"Spread those legs for me baby, this won't take long," Sheila had the vaguest
  inkling of what might be happening.  
"How about if I do this?" she asked, almost dreamily and drew her bare feet
  and legs up as if she were about to give birth. She felt her left inner thigh
  being stroked gently in return.  
"Oh that's great&hellip; I've got to touch that sweet little pussy now&hellip; think
  you can handle that?" Sheila sighed.  
"Uh huh, but don't be surprised if I come, will you?" Kitten leaned forward
  and kissed her again.  
" Oh, you are soooo sweet! Just hold that thought now&hellip;" she imagined
  she heard the snap of latex gloves being donned and then she felt something
  cold and shivery being applied, first to her outer lips and then further and
  further inside her not unwilling pussy by gentle female fingers. She just could
  not stop herself from pushing her head back against the soft pillows and moaning,  
"Oh fucking hell Kitten! That is absolutely fucking gorgeous&hellip;" pleased
  that her efforts had not gone unnoticed, Kitten applied even more lubricant
  and began to whirl knowing fingers around and around inside Sheila's soft and
  receptive vagina.  
Somehow she knew that this wasn't going to go on forever and even as she
  resolved to savour every moment, so she could feel those beautiful fingers
  slowly withdrawing.  
She felt breath, warm soft breath on her cheek and then the tiniest of kisses.  
"Not long now baby, just be good for me, be just as good as you have been
  so far&hellip;" And then, almost as an afterthought, "Not going to hurt you&hellip; couldn't
  hurt you! You are SO lovely." She needed this. She REALLY needed it. Her self-esteem
  had taken more than a few knocks recently and she had been craving this pampering,
  even though she hadn't even realised it until now.  
She felt something touch her outer lips, something surprisingly warm.  
Something that almost felt like living flesh.  
Now it was rubbing against those labia, slippery but comforting.  
Now, suddenly, it was trying to go further, it was trying to breach those
  lips and burrow inside. Despite herself Sheila had no option but to speak,  
"Hey, hey, my pussy was made to EXPEL a baby's head, not take one in! What
  the fuck is &hellip; mmmmmmmmmmm! " The hand over her mouth was soft and warm,
  it was there only to keep her quiet, she could still breathe.  
And of course Kitten was quieting her.  
"Sssh now, I got neighbours, remember? " Sheila rolled her eyes upward, even
  though Kitten couldn't see them.  
Neighbours for fuck sake!  
What about her?  
What about her pussy?  
Deprived of speech and sight, all she could do now was feel the thing invading
  her, feel what it was doing to her, feel herself accommodating it, feel it,
  thick, long and just pliable enough to be real, pushing into her rapidly lubricating
  pussy.  
And feel herself becoming truly excited.  
 Now she was using her muscles, not to expel the thing but to try to drag
  more of it inside her. She felt a sharp, sudden, slap on her inner thigh.  
"Hey, hey! Leave some for me, greedy!" the hand was gone from her mouth and
  it was replaced by soft lips. Soft, moist, plump lips. They kissed and then
  she heard Kitten's voice again, "How does that feel now? That's about as far
  in as I've ever seen something that size go!" Sheila would have sat up if she
  could.  
If Kitten wasn't straddling her legs.  
"Oi! What you trying say about the size of my puss?" but Kitten was already
  soothing her.  
"Nothing Sheila, nothing. It's just that that's one REALLY big cock and you've
  taken it all! Normally there's a few inches sticking out but you've got everything.
  It really is awesome!" Sheila blushed but it felt good. It felt really good.
  She hadn't had a proper seeing to for nearly a year and although there was
  a stage when she thought she'd never be able to take a dildo again, this one,
  probably because of who had inserted it, felt really, really good. Really,
  really, fucking good!  
She shivered as she felt hands working around her hips and thighs and then
  heard Kitten's voice again.  
"Can you roll over for me? Just a little&hellip;" still she was doing exactly
  as she was told and she rolled a little to the left, feeling those hands again,
  feeling them at the base of her spine and feeling her pussy contracting as
  a strap of some kind was buckled into place. "Good girl! Good, good girl! you
  can roll back now. That's good, that's really good, you're nearly all done.
  Just put your ankles together for me," once more she did it and was rewarded
  by the feel of Kitten's soft hands on her sensitive feet and ankles.  
"Are you ticklish?" Sheila's reply was spontaneous.  
"Don't Kitten, don't or I'll piss myself!" Kitten's reply was equally spontaneous.  
"Oh wow! I've never done water sports before! How does it taste?" Sheila
  could not help but giggle like a schoolgirl, in fact at that moment she had
  a vision of both herself and Kitten in school girl outfits; tiny miniskirts,
  white blouses unbuttoned almost to the waist and revealing their black, too
  small bras, combined with stripy ties, black patent high heels and long, long
  black stockings hitched to tiny black garter belts and the most miniscule of
  black mesh panties.  
She fancied taking the lead with Kitten some time and giving her as good
  as she was absolutely sure she was going to get. In her minds eye at that moment,
  Kitten was tied hand and foot to a chair, her sheer black stockings and panties
  were exposed and she was gagged. Gagged with the biggest ball gag that Sheila
  could think of and she was now standing in front of her, showing more than
  a little stocking herself, very slowly greasing an enormous dildo&hellip;  
She made a mental note to mention this to Kitten when she was better and
  maybe to BJ as well but for now she said.  
"Bitter! Like the bitterest, flattest thing you could ever think of&hellip;" she
  could already hear Kitten drawing an awestruck breath to ask the only possible
  question that was open to her but she got in first before she could actually
  ask her how she possibly could know what urine tasted like "&hellip; don't
  go there Kitten. Just don't ask! &hellip;Maybe another time, okay?" all she
  got from Kitten in return was a giggle by which time something tight but inordinately
  comfortable had been strapped into place around and between her ankles, keeping
  her legs together and ruling out the possibility her of getting out of bed
  without help.  
She was about to ask but this time Kitten got there first,  
"They're hospital restraints, like they use in mental facilities, adjustable
  buckles, thickly padded and REEEALLY tight! Now, I just need you to sit forward." Her
  hand was on Sheila's back now, easing her head towards her knees, or so it
  seemed and then she felt a tugging sensation and she realised that Kitten had
  hold of the strait jacket's crotch strap and was even now sliding it between
  her legs and buckling it more than a little tightly into position. The breath
  literally whistled from her mouth as she felt the monster penis inside her
  being pushed irrevocably home.  
"Christ almighty, Kitten! What are you trying to do to me? Make me eat the
  bloody thing?" But Kitten was already laying her back down and straddling her
  again. She kissed her cheek.  
"Hey baby! You're all done now!" she said pleasantly, " I'm just going to
  lock everything up and turn out all the lights and then I'm coming back to
  bed with you and we're going to sleep. Okay?"  
 Sleep?  
Sleep with that monster fucking cock inside her?  
She didn't think so.  
 She was so excited right then that her whole body seemed more alive than
  it had for months. Suddenly she wondered about Kitten.  
She wondered if she really was all there.  
Suddenly her mouth felt very dry.  
Dry with excitement and suddenly too; she could feel Kitten beside her again.  
She must have padded in whilst she was otherwise engaged.  
"Hey baby. Don't worry I'm going to do something for you before we both sleep." Her
  tone became conspiratorial, "Actually you're going to help but drink this first,
  it's more juice." The cold soothing orange juice was very welcome and when
  Kitten was sure she'd had enough, she heard her put the glass down on the nightstand
  and felt, for the first time in far too long, the pleasant sensation of someone
  easing their way into bed with her and the satin duvet being gently tugged
  over the pair of them.  
Next Kitten's arms engulfed her and she whispered,  
"That's it! The lights are all out. The doors are locked and we're all on
  our own!" Sheila couldn't help but shiver as she felt Kitten's bare feet against
  her own.  
Then she felt a strange sensation between her legs and there was movement
  there. Movement that was being transferred to the huge invader between her
  legs. A slow gentle movement. An up and down movement almost like the masturbation
  of a penis and then she felt herself being urged forward and rolled a little
  onto her side.  
"Oi Kitten, what are you trying to do to me now?" she whispered light heartedly.
  Suddenly she felt a judder that seemed to start at the monster cock inside
  her and go all the way up her backbone  
"Well," said a quiet little voice, "I guess I've never done this before and
  I know you're all tied up an' all but I didn't know if I should fuck you or
  if you wanted to fuck me!" and for Sheila the penny finally dropped.  
The monster inside her was only one half of a double-ended dildo that Kitten
  had now managed to impale herself on. Both girls, she guessed, were now lying
  on their sides, she could feel Kitten's arms around her shoulders and she could
  already feel the excitement and hear the sight squelching sounds as Kitten
  began to move gently up and down her end of the giant penis.  
Sheila moved her lips to where she guessed Kitten's ear would be.  
"Oh no Kitten!" she whispered, biting down gently on her ear lobe as she
  did it. "You started this, so you can bloody well finish it! Fuck me Kitten!
  Fuck me hard and don't let me come until that fucking thing is coming out of
  my ears!" Kitten didn't need a second telling and before Sheila knew it, she
  was flat on her back and Kitten was mounting her once more with the intention
  of doing exactly what Sheila had just asked her to&hellip;  
*  
&hellip;It must have been the painkillers. God knows I'd taken enough in
  the last twenty-four hours and they had been getting progressively stronger.
  When I finally came out of my reverie, Amy and I were locked in a clinch on
  the sofa. We were kissing passionately, more than passionately, because both
  our robes were open and her soft warm hand was coaxing my seemingly rock hard
  penis ever upward, the same hand that had gently manipulated it all the while
  Kitten was telling her story.  
My right hand meanwhile, or rather two fingers of it, was sliding slowly
  in and out of Amy's most intimate place and she was moaning quietly against
  me. In short, we were necking like a couple of teenagers and completely oblivious
  to Kitten's whereabouts. It was only when Amy's hand gave way to something
  much more enthralling that I realised that she was still in the room with us
  at all  
I hardly noticed it at first. A kind of wetness around my penis and warmth,
  warmth more associated with intercourse, with the engulfing of said penis by
  a soft, moist cavity.  
With no warning at all Amy's hand disappeared and then her arms wrapped themselves
  around me and if anything, she seemed to kiss me even more passionately. The
  sensations around my penis were incredible. There was warmth and moisture and
  softness and a feeling like I was being sucked into a long deep tunnel.  
Then I heard Amy's voice,  
"That's right bitch take it, take all of it! You wanna suck his cock? Then
  you suck all of it! Every last friggin' inch!" And I felt her hold on me loosen
  for a second and heard a resounding slap. I guessed that it had to be her hand
  on Kitten's exposed buttocks.  
Then her arms were fully round me again.  
I didn't want to look down because I wasn't quite sure how I would feel to
  see what I had no doubt would be Kitten's head working furiously at my groin
  so I stayed focussed on Amy's face  
Surprisingly, I hadn't allowed my fingers to slip out of her and she groaned
  with obvious excitement and said as quietly as she could,  
"Just let her do it Bill. Let the little bitch suck you off &ndash; she'll
  get hers later!" I couldn't help but smile to myself as I began to rub my thumb
  against the hood of Amy's clitoris and as I did so she warned,  
"Stay on your knees Kitten! Stay on your knees and give him the best head
  you've ever given anybody! Oh and play with yourself as well! Play with yourself
  bitch but don't come before we do!"  
I could already hear Kitten moaning and I could feel the resonance of her
  moans against my cock as she fingered herself. Until that moment I must have
  been the only man in the world who didn't really take to blowjobs but Kitten
  transformed all that for me.  
It was like being sucked into a warm velvet cave and the feel of her tongue
  on the underside of my penis and around the bell end was absolutely sublime.
  I knew I wouldn't last long even as I exposed Amy's clitoris and began to tap
  on it ever so lightly and when she kissed me and almost sucked my tongue into
  her mouth, I knew that she couldn't last much longer either.  
I'd never actually done it before, I'd never really come in a woman's mouth
  but Kitten left me no option. Feeling as if my penis were connected to a vacuum
  cleaner, I could do no more than literally empty my spunk deep into Kitten's
  throat just as Amy screamed and Kitten herself collapsed on the floor, spent
  by the force of her own orgasm.  
*  
Lady Heather studied the woman who was now stretched out on the
      piece of padded apparatus that was set up in the room adjacent to her drawing
      room and touched her back lightly.   
"Well Lynn, how does that feel?" Lynn Hutchins no longer wore her
      street clothes; in fact all she wore now were her stockings and her long
      line corset with the attached brassiere. Lady Heather thought that she
      looked rather elegant but Lynn had other ideas.   
"Well it's not very dignified, if you don't mind me saying Miss!
      Stretched out without even me drawers to cover me but it's comfortable
      enough!" and as if to test her bonds she agitated her wrists and ankles
      but could not get free. Lady Heather stifled a smile, there was a reason
      why she had asked Lynn to take off her bloomers but that would come later.
      She walked over to her and, placing a hand soothingly on the back of Lynn's
      neck, she asked,   
"This piece of equipment, is it familiar to you at all?" Lynn nodded   
"Why yes Miss, 'course it is. It's the very likeness of the one
      that that doctor ties me to&hellip;" Lady Heather Franklin smiled once
      more,   
"Good. That's very good Lynn!" now she ran her hand gently down
      Lynn's spine and said softly, "Lynn, do you realise just how attractive
      you are? And I don't simply say that because you look like me. You are
      a very attractive woman, Lynn Hutchins and it would be a terrible waste
      for you to continue the way you currently do. In the same profession, I
      mean." Lynn snorted,   
"Begging your pardon, your Ladyship, I mean Heather but there ain't
      exactly a lot else I CAN do." Heather's face clouded over and she sighed,   
"No Lynn, I guess that's true but things can change. They really
      can. Remember what you said earlier about men wanting to fuck you because
      you were me?" the street girl nodded, "Well Lynn, it so happens that right
      now I need to get a Bill put through Parliament that will make women equal
      to men in law, that will give us the vote for the first time in this country
      and I need some leverage. I need sponsorship Lynn. Sponsorship from the
      rich and the powerful, from Lords and from Members of Parliament but I
      have tried every legal method of getting that sponsorship and nothing has
      worked, so now I have no option but to try the illegal!" she leaned forward
      and touched Lynn Hutchins lightly on the cheek. "I need help Lynn. I need
      YOUR help. I need you to continue letting men fuck you for money but in
      future they will all be wealthy men, men with little foibles but rich and
      powerful men all the same&hellip; but there is just one thing," she was
      so close to Lynn now that the street girl could smell her perfume, " I
      don't want them to pretend that you are me." she shook her head vehemently
      and bent down to look into Lynn Hutchins's eyes. "No Lynn, those days are
      over. No longer will they THINK that you are me," She brushed a stray hair
      from Lynn's face and still staring at her said quietly, "In future Lynn,
      I want them to actually believe it!"   
Lynn Hutchins looked at Lady Heather in astonishment and Lady Heather,
      for her part, was very glad at that moment that she had taken the precaution
      of tying her down before speaking to her.   
   
*  
 Liz Fisher adjusted her reading glasses as best she could with one hand
  and stared once more at her sleeping companion. It had taken Linda a long time
  to drop off, especially after last time, but Liz had asked the nurse who had
  taken over from Danni to close the blinds and eventually Linda's head had fallen
  back against the body of the chair in which she was sitting and her eyes had
  closed.  
Liz wanted to move her left arm, it felt strange, there were pins and needles
  in it but she didn't dare shift it about too much. It seemed more comfortable
  in the sling it was now in, provided that she didn't aggravate it and for the
  first time in nearly twenty-four hours she was free from pain.  
She looked down at the notebook she had asked Danni to get her from the hospital
  shop before she went off duty. Her writing was fairly atrocious but still legible.
  She looked up suddenly.  
 Linda was groaning again.  
"Oh no Miss, do I 'ave to? That cock of 'is is a monster, it'll never go
  in MY fanny, surely?"  
Liz tried to put the significance of what Linda had just said out of her
  mind, even if a monster cock would go down or even in, quite nicely at that
  moment and she squeezed her legs tightly together and concentrated on writing
  down every word that she uttered.  
*  
His name was Jake; he'd adopted it after watching Pulp Fiction. It wasn't
  his real name but he answered to it and that was all anybody needed to know.
  He's been a mercenary now for nearly 10 years, ever since he'd been dishonourably
  discharged from the SAS, a thing that still hurt him deeply.  
Hurt him to the point that he only took jobs that were either against the
  best interests of the British government or that would embarrass them in some
  way. He glanced across at the man driving the van. A big, white South African
  called Willem who could only speak Afrikaans and knew literally ten words of
  English and then he turned and looked through the small window into the back
  of the van at the half a dozen men inside already wearing their ski masks and
  wondered just what motivated the rest of them.  
His thoughts were interrupted by the ring tone of his mobile phone; it was
  on the dashboard in front of him, in easy reach.  
He picked it up.  
"Yeah?" the voice in his ear was easily recognisable.  
"Call it off!" he looked astonished  
"What?" the voice was not impressed.  
"Don't play games with me Jake. I get instant obedience or I get dead people
  around me very quickly. Now call it off. She's dead, so there's no point in
  us killing her again, is there? " Jake could only manage a low growl.  
The voice said,  
"Take the other angle Jake, one less job is one less screw up and one less
  screw up means that I don't have to "uninstall" you or any of your "team",
  so be thankful and take those animals of yours to a bar for a while and bring
  them back here sober in the morning. You'll get a call out fee&hellip;. Understand?"  
"Yeah!" was all Jake said as he terminated the phone call. He knew the rules
  but he didn't have to like them. He was about to turn to the Afrikaner when
  he realised that the van had already stopped. They were almost opposite Whitechapel
  Underground Station; the Royal London Hospital was on their left.  
A fairly tall man with prematurely white hair, dressed in jeans and trainers
  and a body warmer covered by a hooded top, was standing by his door. Over to
  the right, a large, well-muscled, black man with a shaven head, wearing much
  the same, was watching the Afrikaner, whose face, even now, was twisting into
  a sneer.  
The man was holding a small, black leather wallet in front of him.  
"'Morning sir. DS Steve Archibald, Flying Squad. Over there is my colleague,
  Detective Constable Williams." He indicated the man with the shaven head, "'Mind
  telling me where you're going?" Jake wasn't a polite man. When you had his
  kind of knowledge and his kind of muscle you didn't need to be but he tried.  
"Yeah. We took a wrong turn back there at Cambridge Heath Road, we're on
  our way to the Meat Market..." Detective Sergeant Archibald nodded,  
"Would you and your colleague mind getting out of the van, sir? We're searching
  all commercial vehicles entering and leaving the area, following an incident
  last night. It's purely routine..."  
Another person might have been worried but Jake didn't sweat things like
  that He was already calculating the risks and working out where he was going
  to be several moves ahead of this one. He turned to Willem and motioned him
  to get out of the van.  
He pulled the fleece he was wearing just a little closer to him as he stepped
  onto the wet street. In front of him was an unmarked red car and the innermost
  lane, normally used as a bus lane, was lined with traffic cones. He couldn't
  see any other policemen or their vehicles.  
It was surprisingly cold.  
 There had been sleet showers for most of the morning and the wind chill
  factor was high. The sleet was literally melting on his skin and the grey sky
  above was heavy with what could only be snow clouds.  
His team were well trained because he, himself, had trained them and the
  two thumps he had managed to deliver to the partition separating them meant
  that they were to be ready. They should already be holding their guns as he
  and the Policeman walked round to the rear of the van.  
Once the doors were open, they had two seconds to pick our their target and
  fire. Someone should already have reconnoitred the van from inside and been
  aware of the other policeman. Once the one at the back had been taken out,
  two snipers should then be able to neutralise the second and anyone who even
  attempted to help  
After that they would get back in the van and drive until Central Station
  picked them up. Jake counted to ten in his head and then opened the doors.  
Even he could not have anticipated what happened next.  
Ivan, not his real name either, was in a crouch on the threshold of the van,
  AK57 clutched in his hands ready to take out the policeman with a single shot
  through the head.  
Jake could only watch in mounting horror as a beam of concentrated red light
  from a laser sight flicked onto Ivan's forehead and stayed there. The rest
  of his team stood similarly transfixed as red lights suddenly seemed to blossom
  all over them, mainly at torso level.  
 He heard the cry,  
"Armed police! Put down your weapons!"  
He saw Ivan still taking aim and then he saw Ivan's head explode into a red
  mass of flesh and bone and brain tissue, some of which, even now, was splattering
  onto his face and clothes. He reached for his own semi automatic pistol, a
  Luger which he had treasured for many years, heard a shot and saw Willem falling
  to the ground, his stomach open and bleeding and the muscular black man falling
  to one knee and aiming at the others.  
"Put the gun down and get on your knees!" he knew it was the man with the
  white hair but he didn't get on his knees for anyone and he pulled out his
  gun and felt the bullets that opened up his chest cavity and spent themselves
  against the rear of the van, burning their way into him as if they were made
  of fire.  
As he fell he was surprised to see both policeman suddenly running away from
  the vehicle and it was only when he heard a slight click and he was engulfed
  by orange flames, flames that were rapidly followed by an ear-splitting explosion,
  that he had any true realisation of what had actually happened in the Whitechapel
  Road that morning.  
THE STORY CONTINUES IN PART THREE   
&copy; Wallace 2005. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
January 2005  
REMORSE   
(PART THREE)   
BY   
WALLACE   
It looked, at first sight, like any other gathering. A group of people in
  a strange building, milling round the nearest coffee machine but there was
  very little going on and it was surprisingly quiet. Some were standing, some
  were sitting on the benches in the brightly lit corridor and others were just
  squatting on the floor holding their coffee cups in both hands. There was little
  of the usual banter that you might expect from a fairly diverse group of people.  
The last time a group like this had been in the building, the people in the
  nearest offices had asked them to go and stand in the underground car park,
  such was the noise they made but right now, apart from the odd desultory word
  here and there, it was deathly quiet.  
Jimmy Clarke saw the man he was looking for almost immediately, he walked
  over and touched his elbow.  
"'Ello lucky bollocks! 'Ow ya doin'?" the tallish man with the prematurely
  white hair turned with a puzzled expression on his face, puzzled until he realised
  just who was talking to him  
"Hello Jim!" he said with a genuine smile and offered his hand, "I heard
  you might be around here somewhere," then his eyes narrowed, "What you after?" Jimmy
  chuckled,  
"Don't beat about the bush, Steve, come right out with it and say what you
  think!"  
Steve Archibald smiled again but Jimmy got the impression that he'd had to
  force himself a little this time.  
"Sorry Jim, it 's just that this was a bad one!" Jimmy nodded.  
"Mmm. I came down 'cos I 'eard you took one. Didn't expect to see you 'ere
  actually but you look okay!" Steve laughed and he turned slightly. Jimmy now
  saw that there was a small, slightly reddened piece of surgical gauze attached
  to his left ear with some sticky surgical tape.  
"Lower part of my ear lobe, stray bullet, hurt like fuck! The ear's always
  going to look a little deformed, apparently but otherwise&hellip; and before
  you say it Jim, yes, I was lucky&hellip; as usual&hellip; and I'm getting to
  the point now where I think I'm riding my luck!" Jimmy was looking at the mix
  of people in front of him. He turned to his colleague,  
"Yeah Steve, and you could take your pension, get out of The Job tomorrow
  and get run over by a Sixty Three bus on the way to the Post Office!" he paused
  and studied the men and women around the coffee machine once more, "It's a
  marriage made in 'ell this one, innit? SO19 and the Flying Squad - The Sweeney
  and the Knuckle Draggers&hellip;" he pulled a face and Steve laughed once more.  
"Blame your Guvnor for that Jim! Him, MY Guvnor and Rob Carter at SO19 are
  the only people Rose McGregor wanted in on this one, allegedly because they're
  the only ones she can really trust right now and apparently she let Inspector
  Martin organise it all!" he looked at Jimmy for a few seconds and then said
  conspiratorially, "Y'know he's rumoured to be the straightest copper in the
  Met&hellip; ever since Jesus Christ put in his papers&hellip;" Jimmy looked
  down at the floor, it wasn't the first time he'd heard it but it always made
  him chuckle.  
 Just then the lift doors opened and the man they had been discussing stepped
  out looking pale and red eyed, his jacket open and his shirt collar and tie
  undone. He immediately walked up to Steve Archibald and shook hands,  
"Well done Steve, just been talking to Jack. I know it's not the result we
  wanted but at least you all walked away from it!" Steve Archibald looked at
  Chief Inspector Martin,  
" Well, Eddie Williams got his hands badly burnt, so it's not all good news.
  He was trying to save one of the bandits and he wouldn't fucking let him!" Jimmy
  shook his head, the Inspector said,  
"You know, I could never understand why Eddie won't take his Sergeant's board,
  he'd pass it easily." A voice behind him said,  
"Why? Because I'm black and they'd give me an easy ride?" Eddie Williams
  emerged from a side room, both hands heavily bandaged, the three officers looked
  at each other, this wasn't like Eddie.  
 Jimmy stuck out his chin.  
" No, you'd never make Sergeant, Eddie!" he could feel a lot of people staring
  at him. Eddie slowly turned baleful eyes on Detective Sergeant Clarke who walked
  forward to meet him in a manner that was almost aggressive. He stopped just
  in front of him and stuck out an accusing finger "You'd never make Sergeant,
  Eddie," he paused for effect, "'cos you're a fuckin' Arsenal supporter an'
  we got too many of those bastards already!"  
For a moment the two men stood facing up to each other and then Eddie's features
  creased into a slight grin,  
"Fuck off out of my face, Clarke and go and play with that desk you're screwed
  to these days!" Jimmy grinned back  
"That's better!" he put a hand on the big man's shoulder, "Whassup Eddie?
  What 'appened?" Eddie sighed; it was fairly obvious that he was deeply upset.  
"I shot him Jim. I shot him 'cos he was drawing a gun on me. Big fucking
  South African geezer. When it all went tits up and the van exploded, I dived
  in and tried to drag him out. Don't think he knew a lot of English but he could
  say, "Fuck off Kaffir!" alright." He looked at Jimmy and it seemed as if there
  were tears in his eyes, "After that the petrol tank went up and I had to run&hellip;" a
  smile crinkled the corners of his eyes, "lost me fucking eyebrows an' all!" Jimmy
  looked at him appraisingly,  
"Looks all right! Goes with the shaved 'ead!" Eddie Williams punched him
  quite hard on the arm and then winced in pain. Inspector Martin turned to DS
  Archibald,  
"I know it's all going to be in your statement later Steve, but did any of
  them say anything else. Anything that might give us even the vaguest idea of
  what's going on?" Steve Archibald sighed  
"To my knowledge, the only other one who spoke was the one I shot. Hard bastard.
  Evil looking shit. Soon as I saw him I thought it was going to be him or me.
  He knew I had a gun and he STILL tried to shoot me. I managed to drag him out,
  you know, after the fire had died down a bit. It was horrible; he was like,
  burnt to a crisp but still alive&hellip;just! I think it hurt him to talk but
  as far as I could tell he said something like, "Those bastards in the fucking
  village! &hellip;" and then he said something that didn't make any sense at
  all&hellip; "Sigh," &hellip;" the Inspector looked at him quizzically,  
"Sigh? Was that it?" the Sergeant shrugged,  
" That was it! That was all he said. He died just afterwards."  
*  
It was nice to be in bed, to be between crisp, clean, sheets and the soft
  naked curves of Amy Olsen. It had also been nice to discover that Kitten was
  going to sleep with us too but Amy herself soon dashed any hopes of my fulfilling
  a lifelong fantasy on that score.  
We'd established that Sheila was safe and that, cold almost cleared up, she
  was now out of the strait jacket, although Kitten HAD taken the precaution
  of chaining one of her ankles to the bed on a long chain that allowed her access
  to the bathroom and she had also locked away all of her clothes.  
She DID however, have access to television, to the radio and also to Spirit
  the Cat, whom Kitten had up-lifted from Amy's apartment and delivered into
  Sheila's arms a couple of days previously.  
Sheila loved animals, perhaps more than human beings and Spirit had taken
  to her too and was soon perched on her bare shoulder without extending her
  claws, something she did with only her favourite humans, so they were both
  happy.  
 Kitten had been in the flat when we came back because she had popped in
  to check on the place, as Amy asked her to, but she had walked into a sudden
  heavy shower after getting the tea bags for Sheila. Consequently she had stripped
  off her wet clothes and had fallen asleep on the top of Amy's bed after promising
  herself just a quick lie down.  
Kitten told us all this whilst kneeling in front of me naked with her hands
  behind her back as an act of penance whilst Amy had stood behind her and twisted
  her nipples quite viciously.  
Finally, Amy had made her bend forward and beg my forgiveness whilst kissing
  my feet, although for what she had done to me I would quite happily have taken
  her to dinner every night for at least the next week and paid for everything
  as well.  
I was, therefore, more than a little surprised when Kitten somewhat timorously
  asked if she could stay over with us, having ascertained that Sheila was fine
  and was currently entertaining two of the girls from SAM.com who BJ had sent
  round to check on her. None of us were quite sure what the word "entertaining" actually
  meant where Sheila was involved, so Amy had, somewhat generously I thought,
  considering how upset she was, decided that Kitten could sleep with us.  
But there was a price for that generosity.  
*  
Amy stared into my eyes; she had turned out any extra lights and gone through
  her nighttime routine even though it had to be approaching noon.  
"Do you need anything?" I yawned  
"No. No, not really, just sleep!" she didn't look away from me.  
"Yeah? Sure you don't need to inject?" I looked at her and smiled,  
"How did you know?" she half smiled back  
"I saw the bruises in your groin, above your cock, after Kitten had finished
  sucking it!" I laughed and then I realised that she was unsure.  
 I cleared things up for her as best I could.  
"I'm diabetic. I have to inject regularly but only when I eat. If I injected
  and didn't, I could go&hellip;" She was already nodding,  
"...hypoglycaemic! A hypo. From there you could go into insulin shock or
  even a diabetic coma, right?" I nodded and she hugged me. I didn't know if
  there were any other drugs that you could inject into the fatty tissue around
  your abdomen but at least she didn't seem concerned any more.  
"Should you eat NOW?" she whispered into my ear, her face so close to mine
  I could smell her shampoo.  
"No. I ate and injected on the plane &hellip;before it all went wrong&hellip; AND
  I pinched a couple of your apples&hellip;" Amy was already looking down,  
"Oh you did, huh?" she let go of me and put her hands to her chest, "Well
  how d'you like THESE apples?" she jiggled her breasts up and down, " Fancy "pinching" them,
  some time?" Amy's boobs were big, really big and apparently unenhanced by plastic
  surgery. I pulled her robe gently open, kissed her left breast and started
  to trace my tongue softly down her tummy.  
 I looked up at her,  
"Mmm. Think I could maybe eat something else right now!" I moved my tongue
  further down.  
I could feel her wriggling and she started to laugh,  
"Hey, hey! Hold it right there, big guy! We still got company, remember?" almost
  as an afterthought she turned and raised her voice, "Get out here, BITCH, I
  wanna see you NOW!" I turned slowly because the sudden exertion meant that
  both my back and my face were telling me that my system needed more painkillers.  
 Kitten was shuffling slowly out of the bathroom.  
She had taken her make up off, removed her earrings, gelled back her hair
  and handcuffed her hands behind her back. She also had cuffs around her ankles
  that joined them together and left very little slack for her to walk within.
  She was stark naked, devoid of any bodily hair and there was something black
  and apparently lacy just protruding from her mouth.  
She walked slowly over to us and then knelt carefully at Amy's feet but Amy
  wasn't satisfied.  
"Get up! Get up Kitten, I want to make sure you did it right. I wanna make
  sure you obeyed me to the letter!" a major wave of pain swept over me and I
  subsided onto the bed. The big, comfortable King sized bed that dominated one
  level of Amy's apartment.  
She went from Boot Camp Sergeant to Hospital Nurse in one smooth movement.
  Ignoring Kitten for the moment, she sat next to me and said solicitously,  
"Hey, what's wrong?" I shook my head. Those painkillers were overdue. She
  kissed me on the cheek and put her arm round me and I somehow felt better  
But she was already barking orders at Kitten,  
"Okay Bitch! Back on your knees. Back on your knees, that's right! Now I
  want you to crawl over to the breakfast bar, stand up, pick up that bottle
  of tablets with your teeth, turn round, pick up the glass of water, then get
  back on your knees and crawl back to me! And do it carefully! Spill so much
  as one drop and you'll get one enema for every drop you spill! That's one enema
  for each drop, every day for seven days. Understand? You spill three drops,
  you get three enemas. Ten drops, ten enemas! Every day for one week 'cos you're
  ass is MINE now! Gottit?" Kitten was already on her way and despite myself
  and despite thinking that, after her sucking me dry earlier, I wouldn't be
  able to manage another erection for at least a week, watching that magnificent,
  nude, tanned, bottom making its way over to the counter, propelled by her cute,
  bare little feet was already making my loins stir.  
Amy kissed me gently on the lips and slid a hand under my robe,  
"You horny bastard!" was all she said and then her hand was gone and she
  was tugging at the belt of her own robe, parting her legs as she did it so
  that I could see her neatly trimmed patch of blonde pubic hair.  
I looked at her questioningly but she just smiled. Kitten was now making
  her somewhat torturous way back to us and if the sight of Amy's bare pussy
  at all unnerved her then she didn't show it.  
I have to admit that I cheated, for Kitten's sake, even though I knew I was
  risking Amy's considerable wrath.  
As she got closer I extended a hand and carefully took the bottle of tablets
  from her mouth. A mouth that I could now see was stuffed with a pair of black
  panties. I gave her backside a gentle slap and whispered,  
"Turn round for me!" and as she did so I eased the glass of water from her
  white and bloodless hands. Amy was already up and retracing Kitten's steps,
  studying the polished pine floor very, very, carefully. Kitten eased herself
  onto her haunches like a huge rabbit, watching Amy more than a little anxiously
  whilst I did my very best to soothe her by stroking her hair and her bare back.  
I was slightly surprised at Amy's treatment of her but also, I am sad to
  say, very aroused by it but if I had the slightest inkling that Kitten was
  in any way unwilling I would have stopped it.  
At least I think I would.  
There was tension in the air as Amy returned to the bed, pushed back her
  robe again, sat down and opened her legs once more. Eventually she looked at
  Kitten and said,  
"Stand up! Face me, legs together, arms together and look straight ahead!" she
  turned to me. "Inspect her Bill! Inspect her very carefully! I ordered her
  to clean her makeup, remove her jewellery, shave all her body hair, handcuff
  herself at the wrists AND the ankles and then and only then, to eat the panties
  I took off earlier and keep them stuffed in her mouth. Any infractions and
  I want to know." She cocked an eyebrow as she picked up the bottle of painkillers
  and decanted two into her hand, then she stood up, slipped them between my
  lips, eased the glass from my hands and offered me a sip of water.  
She turned back to Kitten " Okay you, listen up! I want those legs as wide
  apart as they'll go. Bill is going to run his hands all over your skin to make
  sure it's clean-shaven. You are not to move or even blink an eye; failure to
  comply will result in more punishment, which I will pronounce after your inspection.
  Understand?" Kitten stood stock-still but that wasn't good enough  
The slap that Amy delivered made the cheeks of her bottom wobble. She nodded
  her head and made "mmphing" noises through Amy's panties. For my part, as I
  stood up and prepared to run my hands all over Kitten's lovely body, I wondered
  exactly who was being punished because I knew that this was going to be sheer
  torture for me, let alone Kitten  
 Just to make it worse Amy was now moving in front of her. She stopped, spread
  her legs and whilst I started the inspection, began to very slowly trace the
  fingers of her right hand down between her ample breasts and then even further
  down until they stopped just above her pussy.  
Right then I was truly between a rock and a hard place but the hard place
  was somewhere between my own legs. Even now Amy was slowly and wordlessly starting
  to slide her own fingers in to what seemed to be a well-lubricated opening.
  I took a deep breath and began to run my hands slowly over Kitten's soft, tanned
  and smooth body and as I did so Amy began a running commentary that was, to
  say the least, unsettling,  
"Lift your arms Kitten, lift your arms! Feel under there Bill. Get your fingers
  in her armpits. Are they sweaty?" I looked at Kitten because they were very,
  very damp; Amy was speaking again, "Every infraction gets one demerit! Are
  her armpits sweaty Bill? " I nodded reluctantly,  
"Yes, her armpits are sweaty, it must be from&hellip;" but Amy stopped me
  abruptly.  
"That's all I need, she knows the rules! Carry on!" suddenly I got the impression
  that this was a game that had been played before. I studied Kitten and her
  face gave it all away. Her eyes were even wider than usual, her cheeks were
  flushed, her lips moist and her pupils, her pupils were so dilated it was like
  she was in love!  
The feeling of Kitten's sweat on my fingers was strangely arousing. I could
  have walked behind her but then I would have had to watch Amy playing with
  herself and I wasn't sure if I could handle that. So I chose what turned out
  to be the greater of the two evils and put my arms around her to check her
  back, pulling her in close against me as I did so.  
Now I could feel her warm breath on my neck and the fresh lemon smell of
  the liquid soap she had used in the bathroom. My hands wandered all over her
  silky and evidently hairless skin but we could not avoid physical contact.  
 Already her groin was touching mine.  
 I was quite sure that it wasn't me who was making the gentle thrusting movements
  that bought her hairless gash into constant contact with my rapidly burgeoning
  penis.  
 I certainly wasn't prepared for what happened next and I didn't even see
  it coming.  
In one swift movement a hand, it had to be Amy's, whistled past my ear and
  impacted with a tremendously loud slap on Kitten's right, unguarded cheek.  
Kitten stood motionless, obviously hurt and shocked but silent and wide eyed.  
Amy's anger was palpable and she didn't hold back,  
"BITCH! You KNOW you don't do that. You KNOW that only whores and filthy,
  dirty, fucking sluts do that!" Amy's robe was wide open, her hands were on
  her hips and there was a definite smell of aroused woman emanating from her.
  I thought that there was a certain irony in her last remark but right then
  there was too much adrenaline pumping though me to make value judgements.  
 Impatiently she dragged the sodden black panties from Kitten's mouth and
  then she slapped her again, on the other cheek this time. It was just as hard
  as before and the red mark of Amy's hand was now almost symmetrically imprinted
  on either side of Kitten's face.  
It had to have hurt her but once again, she didn't cry out, she just stood
  as still as she had before, her eyes focussed intently on Amy, who walked forward
  now and grabbed her chin with one hand,  
"What are you, Bitch?" she asked quietly. Kitten's eyes were just as wide
  as ever. She sniffed and said,  
"I'm a whore! I'm a dirty, filthy, slutty, fucking whore!" Amy got closer.
  She let go of her chin and grabbed her nipples viciously.  
 Still she didn't cry out.  
"You're a dirty, filthy slutty, fucking whore... WHAT?" Kitten looked nonplussed,
  then she seemed to draw inspiration from somewhere.  
"I'm a dirty, filthy, slutty, fucking whore... AMY!" she said, looking at
  her tormentor hopefully.  
"WRONG!" I thought Amy was going to slap her again but she had other plans.
  Her hand went down between Kitten's legs and this time she had to stifle a
  scream as she pinched what I had no doubt was her clitoris viciously between
  thumb and forefinger.  
Kitten was breathing rapidly now.  
 Amy looked at me for encouragement  
"In future, Kitten you refer to me as&hellip;" she was mouthing at me and
  I could see what she wanted. She wanted something for Kitten to call her by.  
 Not "Mistress", it was too hackneyed, too OLD and we'd already seen that "Amy" didn't
  cut it. It was too familiar, too obvious.  
How about simply "Miss"?  
 That seemed to have a certain resonance to it. It was short, sweet and to
  the point and I mouthed it back at her silently,  
"Miss, she calls you MISS!" Amy raised her hand as if to strike Kitten once
  more and then she said,  
"If you don't want me to hit you again, BITCH, then you speak to me respectfully.
  Your refer to me; in future as "MISS" and you&hellip;YOU are my BITCH! Understand?" I
  almost expected Kitten to hang her head but she didn't. This was no submissive,
  submissive; Kitten took an active role in the proceedings. She actually enjoyed
  what was happening to her. She seemed to revel in being pushed to her limits
  and then having those limits extended.  
She looked at Amy with those wide eyes and said, almost breathlessly, in
  a voice thickened with excitement  
"Yes Miss! I am YOUR Bitch Miss and I am a dirty, filthy, slutty, fucking
  whore&hellip; Miss!" it would have been hard to tell, at that moment, who was
  the most aroused, all I knew was that I was the only one there capable of a
  hard on.  
Despite her stern fa&ccedil;ade Amy gave me a secretive look, a look that
  made me want to jump on her there and then but that was one urge I managed
  to control.  
Robe still open, she slipped two fingers into her pussy and then withdrew
  them, slick with her wetness. She didn't even have to speak to Kitten because
  she had already opened her mouth to accept the wet fingers, which slid in easily.  
"That's it BITCH! Suck 'em. Suck 'em clean. Suck my CUNT juice off my fingers!" my
  cock twitched and my legs seemed to wobble. I'd sat in on stuff like this,
  I'd written it and I'd even started to direct a few Mpegs for The Bishop but
  I'd never actually taken part in something quite so spontaneous, quite so off
  the cuff.  
 Quite so REAL.  
 My spine tingled and my face was so flushed it felt as if it were burning.  
To my partial relief, Amy withdrew her fingers; only to slide them back inside
  her pussy and then offer them up to Kitten's already "O " shaped mouth once
  more. Much to my excitement and concern, she beckoned me over with her free
  hand.  
"Come and check this slut out! We know she's as clean as a fucking whore
  like her can be but I want her cunt checked out. I want her cunt checked out
  for hair and for cunt juice!" Kitten's eyes stayed on Amy and I thought I heard
  her moan slightly but if I did then Amy didn't pick up on it.  
There was no point in my being hesitant, Amy was going to brook no arguments
  anyway, so I reached out my hand and ran it slowly over Kitten's shaven and
  very smooth Mons Veneris. She didn't budge but I was now close enough to be
  able to detect odours from them the two of them and if I wasn't very much mistaken,
  both girls were very, very wet and very, very excited.  
I looked at Amy and she nodded.  
She nodded without taking her eyes off Kitten who stood to attention, head
  erect, arms together, feet flat on the floor and as far apart as the handcuffs
  would allow, seemingly revelling in her nakedness and her vulnerability.  
Amy was already preparing her next order,  
"Okay CUNT!" I shivered; I think we both did, "Get those legs open as far
  as they'll go!" Almost apprehensively, hands still manacled behind her back,
  Kitten shuffled her bare feet sideways. Amy looked at me now, her eyes glittering,  
"Penetrate her! Fill her up with your fingers! Make her feel like her cunt's
  full o' cock, 'cos that's what the slut wants. Your cock in her wet fucking
  cunt!" she padded over to me on soft bare feet and pulled open my robe once
  more, exposing a fierce erection. Kitten was already shaking her head. She
  was already trying to look away.  
 Suddenly Amy was behind her, grabbing a handful of her hair.  
"DON'T TURN AWAY FROM IT! LOOK AT IT, SLUT! LOOK AT THAT FUCKING COCK! LOOK
  AT THAT BIG FUCKING PURPLE PRICK! WANT IT, SLUT? WANT IT, HUH? WANT THAT FUCKING
  COCK IN YOUR SOAKING WET CUNT? HUH?" It looked like she had pulled back Kitten's
  head as far as it would go and her hair seemed to be straining at the roots.
  Kitten didn't know what to do any more and she stifled a sob. Almost immediately
  Amy let go of her hair and stalked back towards the bed where the panties that
  had previously served as Kitten's gag lay balled up and wet on the duvet.  
She looked at them for a moment and then she picked them up and began to
  slowly rub them between her legs, pausing from time to time to push the soft
  panties inside her wetness. Even now her free hand was reaching out towards
  me and I felt gentle fingers gripping my cock, just hard enough to make me
  aware of their presence and then I felt those same fingers begin to slide gently
  up and down my already erect shaft, trying to coax it into even greater hardness.  
She was speaking to Kitten again.  
"Watch his cock, BITCH! Watch it get bigger and fucking bigger and just think
  how it would feel inside of YOU!" without warning she let go of my penis and
  let fly with a slap that snapped Kitten's head to one side, then she walked
  forward and grabbed her by the chin again. She shoved two fingers deep into
  Kitten's vagina causing her to break her silence and shout,  
"PLEASE!" plaintively.  
Now Amy had hold of her hair again and was pulling her head back so that
  their eyes could meet.  
"Two things you don't do BITCH!" She hissed through clenched teeth, "You
  don't speak unless you're spoken to&hellip; and you don't ever, ever, ever,
  get THAT cock, UNDERSTAND?" Amy was staring at what was between my legs. Kitten
  whimpered and did her best to nod but Amy was already stuffing the panties
  that were now wet with her juices and Kitten's own saliva back into her open
  mouth and before she could even try to recover she threw her against the back
  of the Chesterfield and, pushing her head down, made her bend over it.  
She marched over to a small walk in cupboard and returned carrying a wicked
  looking rattan cane, which she began to flex in her hands. Kitten was gasping
  for breath but Amy didn't seem to care.  
She beckoned me forward once more.  
"We still haven't checked the Bitches cunt yet, have we?" I looked at her.
  She was to, say the least, unpredictable right now. She in turn studied me
  as she placed the cane against the back of the Chesterfield and slowly and
  delicately removed her robe, placing it carefully over the back of the sofa
  next to Kitten and allowing her massive breasts to finally go free.  
Her body was well muscled and tanned. She wasn't quite a body builder but
  she looked fit, very, very fit. Her torso almost formed a &quot;V" shape and
  her legs, arms and stomach were beautifully toned. I couldn't stop myself from
  visualising how she would look if she were oiled from head to toe but my testicles
  were already tightening to the extent that I was frightened of bringing on
  a self induced a hernia. I banished the Amy in my head and concentrated on
  the one in front of me.  
 Completely naked now, she planted her bare feet firmly on the floor and
  picked up the cane again.  
She turned to me,  
"You can't fuck her Bill! You can't EVER fuck her because you're MINE&hellip;" she
  was giving ME orders now and it didn't feel that bad, "&hellip; but you CAN
  finger fuck her!" Now she looked down on Kitten's prone form. "You can finger
  fuck the dirty slut's cunt while I cane her. While I give her what she deserves!" she
  bent forward, grabbed Kitten's hair again and hissed in her ear.  
"Hear me Bitch! You didn't do so bad on the water, there was only one little
  drop on the floor but you still need punishing because you're a dirty fucking,
  stinking WHORE!" she screamed the last word at her and Kitten groaned. Amy
  seemed to relax her grip on Kitten's hair a little but made sure that they
  were still making eye contact  
 "So, as you've been a reasonably good girl, Kitten, you're just gonna take
  twelve. Twelve strokes of the cane while we inspect that dirty fucking pussy
  and if you come, then I'm gonna take the skin from your ass and hang it out
  to dry! Got me?" Kitten whimpered again and Amy let go of her hair and virutally
  threw her head back against the Chesterfield. She looked at me once more and
  nodded and before I could do anything else, she had moved forward, grabbed
  my right hand and eased my index and ring fingers into her now open mouth.  
She sucked on them greedily, licking them with her tongue and making damn
  sure that they were liberally coated with her saliva, then she eased them out,
  let go of my wrist and took up position once more behind Kitten.  
I knew what I had to do.  
 I got down on my knees, slowly because my back was still troubling me and
  without ceremony, slipped my two wet fingers inside Kitten's equally wet hole.  
 She cried out even through the panties in her mouth but it wasn't in pain.  
I began to move those wet fingers in and out of her as slowly and seductively
  as I could but if Kitten was gasping before the first stroke of the cane fell,
  then she was screaming after it.  
. Amy flexed it once, took just one sighting shot and then bought it down
  smartly and with little more than a hiss on Kitten's naked buttocks. Unusually
  it was Amy rather than the victim who counted the strokes but I think it excited
  her to do it. To count them off in a monotone leaving Kitten absolutely certain
  just how many more she had to come.  
The air whistled from Kitten's mouth and nose and no matter how hard she
  tried she could not choke back the wail of pain.  
Each stroke made Kitten buck and heave and scream into her gag and after
  each stroke I tried to regain some kind of rhythm with my fingers to try to
  take her mind off the intense pain that she must be suffering but all through
  her ordeal she never once dried up.  
 In fact, she got wetter and wetter.  
By the time we reached stroke number seven there were already six livid red
  marks across both of Kittens exposed buttocks.  
When stroke number eight came she began to cry.  
Amy looked down on her and, seeming to know her far better than I did, said
  simply,  
"Don't come Bitch!" and then laid the cane with surgical precision almost
  precisely on the spot of the last stroke.  
By the time we reached number twelve, Kitten was sobbing uncontrollably and
  the skin had broken on at least two of the tramlines made by the cane on her
  skin  
Naked and sweating now, Amy padded forward and touched Kitten's burning buttocks.
  She seemed to have mellowed considerably and she leaned forward and touched
  Kitten on the shoulder.  
"These shouldn't bruise if you're still taking the vitamin C but you'll have
  some nice marks there tomorrow! Breathe out for me now, breathe out for me&hellip;"  
It was as brisk and as business like as all the others and it came with even
  less warning. One moment Kitten was just about controlling her breathing and
  her sobs, the next, that one precise stroke of the cane had pushed her over
  the edge into near hysteria.  
Now and only now did I actually do something positive.  
 I grabbed Kitten, pulled her off the back of the Chesterfield and took the
  sobbing girl in my arms pulling the panties out of her mouth and kissing her
  on the cheek to try to calm her down. Still naked, Amy had put down the cane
  and was moving in behind us. To my horror I saw her hand reaching out and gently
  cupping. Kittens groin. She moved ever closer so that her relatively cool skin
  just had to making contact with Kitten's flaming buttocks  
Still Kitten sobbed but eventually she opened her eyes and turned her head
  just a fraction in the direction of Amy.  
She only said three words,  
"Finish me &ndash; please!" and then she subsided against me, kissing my
  neck as if she were trying to bite me. She jumped as Amy's finger's penetrated
  her and she moaned in exquisite agony as she bought her to a rapid, screaming
  climax.  
 Seconds later we were lowering her apparently unconscious body onto the
  bed.  
*  
The voice was angry.  
"Where are you?" No pleasantries.  
"Mid &ndash; Atlantic."  
"Can you talk?" harsh, brusque.  
"There aren't exactly any alleys I can duck into and the flight's been pretty
  turbulent, so the toilets are full right now!"  
"Why are you running so late?" no concern. This was an interrogation, not
  a conversation.  
"Because some idiot with a helicopter tried to shoot down a plane earlier
  on. You might have heard about it&hellip;"  
"Your source. How good was it?" not deflected by the outrageously open insult,
  the voice continued just as coldly as before.  
"Two sources, actually!"  
"Inside The Police?" it had taken on a bullying tone, "Answer me, goddammit!" whether
  there was actually a slight pause, or whether the voice was just impatient
  was hard to tell. " Inside The Police or not?"  
"Yes, inside!"  
"And the other one? Answer me or I'll find some way to get you in here. The
  more I think about it, the more I think I'd like to see that sweet little body
  of yours strapped into one of the lockdown chambers and being worked on, those
  little nipples pert and erect, that insolent mouth gagged and those beautiful
  eyes just staring at me! You'd tell me everything I, we, needed to know then&hellip; and
  you'd probably do a lot more for us after than you do now!"  
"I would have told you if you'd given me a chance. NHS. A health professional."  
"Two sources?" the voice shouted disbelief.  
"Yes! I already told you..."  
"Two sources told you she was dead?" another person might be intimidated  
"Yes. Now you must be able to verify that your end. You must have&hellip; you
  know&hellip; by now!"  
"Yes, we've debriefed her. She's not fully conditioned yet but she admits
  to seeing her in the garage and that's all. We gave her everything, what you
  would call the full Monty, and I supervised it personally. She would NOT have
  resisted that! The polygraph was negative, a ninety nine point five per cent
  chance that she was telling the truth. The best I've ever seen. She's wide
  eyed and innocent and as clean as the driven snow!"  
"Well then. And what do your other sources tell you?" silence. "Well, come
  on. You must have other sources, you can't just be relying on me&hellip;"  
"I really hope you weren't trying to trick me then because I've just had
  to napalm eight people in the centre of London and that bothers me! That's
  eleven I've lost in a day and now I have to recruit more&hellip;" no regrets,
  just annoyance at the inconvenience. More silence and then eventually, "They
  all say the same thing!"  
"Well then&hellip;"  
"Don't be smug! I can reach out for you in New York just as easily as I can
  reach out for you in London. The thought of shipping you back here, deaf, dumb,
  blind and naked and strapped inside a crate appeals to me more and more by
  the minute&hellip;" now and only now, did her spine begin to tingle.  
"That's ALL I know. And if you want my opinion, you've wasted eight people
  for no reason. She died last night. Everything and everybody is telling you
  that, you should have let it lie!" more silence. She took a deep breath. " I've
  told you everything!" finally the voice spoke.  
"You know, I'm beginning to hope you haven't! Be seeing you!"  
She glanced down at her phone.  
 The other caller had cleared.  
 She looked around the huge wide-bodied jet, at the rows of empty seats.
  It was almost dark; the lights were as low as they could go. It was a red eye
  and the quietest flight she had ever been on but there was no point telling
  the voice that.  
 The jet engines sighed quietly in the background. It suddenly felt colder
  than before. She had been warned that changes in pressure might affect her
  cracked ribs and her breathing but for the moment she felt okay. As okay as
  she was likely to be under the circumstances.  
She pulled the blanket tighter around her and suppressed a shiver, unable
  to tell if it was born of fear or excitement. She slipped her boat shoes back
  onto her slightly chilly and bare feet, laid her head back against the headrest,
  closed her eyes and tried to sleep but her clothes felt rumpled, SHE felt rumpled
  and the image of the girl she knew very well being put into Lockdown, having
  her mind cleared of all thoughts and then being allowed to experience one enforced
  orgasm after another and another and another until she was at the point of
  exhaustion, then being interrogated whilst still vulnerable and plugged in
  every orifice would not leave her and neither would the threat that it could
  happen to her and that it could happen very, very ,soon.  
It both frightened her and intrigued her.  
It intrigued her so much that at some subconscious, animal level, Detective
  Inspector Emma Bannion found herself almost willing it to happen.  
*  
We bathed Kitten's buttocks with ice water, which we both decided would be
  the best thing, and after a few minutes she opened her eyes, looked at us and
  smiled as if nothing had happened. She got up from the bed unaided, even though
  she was still cuffed at wrist and ankle and kissed us both.  
There were tears in her eyes.  
We helped her to sit back down on the bed and she only winced slightly. She
  looked up at us  
"Thank you. Thank you both of you. That was so&hellip;so intense. It was
  soooo hot! Such a rush! I thought I was going to pass out a couple of times
  but it was really, really good!" Amy, who had now put her robe back on, walked
  forward and plucked, literally plucked, Kitten from the bed as if she weighed
  nothing at all. She took her in her arms and swung her in a full circle round
  the room before depositing her back on the bed again.  
Quite breathless herself she hunkered down and said with a voice full of
  emotion  
"Kitten I've seen you with BJ and the Princess and you KNOW I've never topped
  you before but you are a REAL player. You are SO good!" She looked round at
  me, &quot;Oh and Kitten?" Kitten raised an eyebrow.  
"Yeah?" Amy grinned.  
"Kitten, I think you should say "Thank you" personally to Bill because he
  really didn't know what he'd gotten himself into back there and he just went
  with the flow!" before I knew it, all one hundred and thirty pounds of Kitten
  had jumped off the bed and into my arms. She smothered me with wet kisses.  
"Oh thank you Bill! Thank you, thank you, thank you! You were great, you
  were wonderful, you were brilliant! Even Amy didn't know if you'd still be
  on your feet after getting your cock sucked but you were terrific!"  
To paraphrase George Orwell I looked from Amy to Kitten and from Kitten to
  Amy and back again and then and only then, did it finally dawn on me that I
  had just been quite comprehensively and fairly elaborately, set up.  
*  
Set up or not, Amy still did not trust a free Kitten to sleep in the same
  bed as us without incident. The Chesterfield was too small. She didn't want
  anyone sleeping on the floor and she argued that I certainly needed the softness
  of a bed around me. It was eventually decided that Kitten COULD sleep with
  us but only under certain conditions.  
*  
The Inspector saw him walking past the open door to his office, the door
  that he had deliberately left open and seized his chance.  
"Jimmy! Jimmy did you want to speak to me?" Jimmy stuck his head round the
  doorjamb.  
"Not really Guv, I prefer to talk to meself when I'm sulkin'. Just me, the
  waste paper bin and a lot of effin' and blindin'! Seems to work better that
  way!" the Inspector smiled to himself, at least you knew where you stood with
  Jimmy Clarke and they had worked together long enough now to be used to each
  other's little ways. He pinched the bridge of his nose as if it would help
  him stay awake.  
"Come in Jimmy! Come in, close the door and sit down!"  
*  
The atmosphere in Amy's apartment was much different now. Surprisingly, there
  were no clocks on open display. The curtains were still drawn and just a single
  lamp lit the room.  
 It had to be at least mid morning but we still needed sleep.  
Amy slapped Kitten hard on the thigh.  
"I'm warning you Kitten, keep still or else!"  
"Or else what?" Asked Kitten feistily. She was beginning to sound like Sheila "There's
  not much more you could do to me now is there?" Amy pointed a warning finger
  at her,  
"Be careful what you wish for Kitten &hellip;" It was said with such conviction
  that Kitten turned just a little paler than she had been a moment ago. Amy
  turned to me,  
"How ya doin'" I looked at Kitten lying naked on her back on the bed and
  said,  
"Yeah. Pretty much looks like we're done!" Kitten did not seem overly impressed.
  Amy tugged at the belt around her waist. A belt that had a crotch piece and
  looked a little like a Cricketers Box or a Rugby player's Jock Strap but less
  flexible and in black, matt black.  
"Sure this is tight enough?" I nodded and so did Kitten. It was made from
  Kevlar, the stuff used to make body armour and it had been blended with carbon
  fibre to make it light but virtually indestructible. It locked with a combination
  lock situated at the back of the device, which meant that Kitten could not
  get out of it without help. It circled her waist and had a semi circular crotch
  piece that had two mean looking inserts that Amy had taken great delight in
  slowly lubricating in front of Kitten whilst I finished tying her for sleep.  
One insert, the one at the front, looked very similar to a large and erect
  penis, the other, set at the rear of the device, looked exactly like it was
  supposed to look.  
 Like a large and shiny, contoured butt plug.  
Of course we had a fair idea that Kitten wasn't necessarily going to take
  this willingly, so we made quite sure that she was well restrained before we
  fitted the belt. However, we did try to exercise our collective imagination
  and use fairly ordinary household stuff to do the restraining.  
In the end we used Saran Wrap, (I called it Cling Film), Duct tape, (she
  called it Gaffer Tape) and several rolls of thin black Insulating tape, (she
  didn't call it anything at all, she said "No idea, it's just fucking tape!")  
We took off Kitten's restraints and laid her flat on the bed, a small pillow
  under her backside just to take the pressure off her welts. We put her arms
  by her sides and held them there with several turns of gaffer tape just below
  each elbow and around and around her chest and back.  
We gently balled each hand into a fist, wrapped it with saran wrap and again
  with duct tape so that each fist lay bound and useless by her sides and we
  applied more turns around her wrists, abdomen and lower back just to keep them
  there  
Despite the odd moan there was a definite look of anticipation in Kitten's
  eyes as we helped her to stand up and Amy moved towards her with the already
  well-lubricated belt in her hand.  
 Her restraints were fairly minimal and reasonably flexible and the belt
  was small enough and light enough to allow her to sleep with only the minimum
  of inconvenience or at least that was what we hoped.  
 We had taken Kitten to the toilet first or rather Amy had whilst she was
  still in her restraints, and I cleaned my teeth and checked my dressings, grimly
  pretending not to notice what was going on behind me, so we were pretty sure
  that she was as empty as she could be.  
Amy looked at Kitten and asked,  
"Are you going to be good?&quot; for once Kitten seemed more than a little
  unsure of herself.  
"Do I still have to call you Miss?" Amy smiled,  
"Do you still want to?" Kitten thought for a nanosecond.  
"Yes Miss!" she said briskly. Amy's smile broadened.  
"Good answer!" she looked at Kitten almost slyly then she turned to me.  
"Let's get this belt on her pronto. I've just decided that she and I have
  some unfinished business!"  
*  
Kitten looked decidedly apprehensive as I knelt at her feet and Amy told
  her to spread 'em as wide as they would go. Strangely enough I had never done
  this before. I was used to the insertion of dildoes, living with Sheila made
  that an almost daily occurrence but Sheila had never wanted, nor invited, anything
  up her back passage and it had not helped matters that during her stay in captivity
  she had been subjected to butt plugs, dildoes and enemas in the course of making
  illicit, under the counter DVD's for cheap public consumption so it was not
  a subject we talked about very much.  
It was also, maybe, one of things that we should at least have addressed
  before our relationship fell apart at the seams but that was all water under
  the bridge right now.  
Amy already had the reasonably helpless Kitten in her arms and she also had
  a hand over her mouth to stifle any noise. I took the bull by the horns and
  offered latex gloved finger, smeared with a great gob of lubricant, into Kitten's
  slightly puffy looking pussy and was rewarded with a deep low moan in return.  
"How d'you like that, huh? How d'you like that finger in your pussy?" it
  was Amy whispering provocatively in Kitten's ear. The wide-eyed Kitten really
  didn't know what to say but the look of excitement in her eyes was unmistakeable
  and there was certain reluctance on both our parts, I think, when I finally
  withdrew.  
I pulled off the latex gloves and began to pick up the belt but Amy stopped
  me.  
"Hey, hey! What about that cute little asshole of hers? We gotta grease that,
  otherwise that big Mother of all Fucking Butt Plugs just ain't gonna go in!" she
  put her face close to Kitten's. "Well, not without a lot of pain, eh Bitch?" but
  she said it much more gently now. Even so, Kitten knew better than to argue,
  she just lay in Amy's arms and shook her head.  
Reluctantly I pulled on a fresh pair of gloves from the carton. I had been
  hoping, once the dildo was greased and snugly home, that Amy would take care
  of the plug but I was wrong.  
Amy was turning Kitten round so that her buttocks, her red tram lined buttocks
  which we had liberally coated with antiseptic cream a little earlier, were
  now facing me. I put my hand against one and felt it.  
 It was much cooler now.  
"How is it Kitten? How does it feel?" Amy was almost motherly.  
"It's all right, Bitch, you can answer him, go on!" in the tiniest of voices
  Kitten replied,  
"Yeah it's good. It feels good and your hand feels soo soft&hellip; Aaaaaaaaaaaaagh!"  
I guessed it was her clitoris again. I could see Amy's hand moving away from
  between her legs just as she calmed down. Amy cradled her head but whispered
  warningly in her ear.  
"You DO NOT make provocative comments Kitten. Only dirty, fucking, whores
  do that. Understand?" Kitten was gasping for breath. Amy had pinched and held
  her clit for some time; the pain must have been intense but she was impatient.  
"Answer me Kitten. Answer me!" Kitten finally composed herself.  
"Yes Miss!" and even from where I was it was obvious that she was looking
  at Amy as if no one else in the world existed. "Yes Miss. I won't do that ever
  again, I promise!" Amy hugged ever and stroked her hair. For the time being
  at least, Kitten was broken. Amy said,  
"Good girl Kitten. Good answer and now there's just one more thing you have
  to do for me to prove how obedient you are, gottit?"  
 And Kitten nodded.  
*  
The Inspector steepled his fingers and looked at his Sergeant who had worked
  with him, in one capacity or another, for nearly fifteen years.  
"Jimmy, I know I've kept you out of the loop as it were&hellip;" Jimmy knew
  that he shouldn't jump to conclusions but he did anyway.  
"Yeah, 'cos everyone's a suspect right now. I figured that much." Chief Inspector
  Martin sighed.  
"It's not quite like that Jimmy. Rose Macgregor has a direct line to the
  PM's Press Secretary and through him she's talking directly to the Prime Minister
  himself. After that business with the 'plane, we know that the Ministry of
  Defence is compromised and we're quite sure that MI5 and MI6 are leaking like
  sieves too. We're one hundred per cent positive that we have at least one major
  leak in the Met itself and another, probably within this department." Jimmy
  nodded knowingly. "These are major leaks, Jimmy. Major leaks to organised crime
  syndicates and to a lot of the terrorist organisations that profit from crime
  too." Jimmy nodded,  
"Well yeah, I guessed that much. I mean we know the IRA's been involved in
  drug dealing for years&hellip;" the Inspector nodded.  
" That's right but you don't know all of it because I couldn't tell you before,
  because it really WAS on a need to know business but now&hellip;" he paused
  and looked up at the ceiling, when he eventually did speak there was more than
  a trace of irony in his voice "Well now, I really think that you need to know&hellip;"  
*  
Greasing Kitten's rectum was easy after that. She stuck out her tush just
  a little and I did my best to slide my finger in as gently and as painlessly
  as possible. I needed to make sure that she was well greased because otherwise
  that butt plug was going to be painful.  
Very, very, painful.  
In the end however, no pun intended, things went much easier than I expected.
  Once her back passage was relaxed and we only achieved that after a lot gentle
  sliding in and out of my well greased fingers, then Amy turned her round again
  and I offered up the belt.  
To my surprise, mixed with just a little horror, her vagina seemed to swallow
  the large dildo as if were just a minor inconvenience. There seemed to be no
  effort whatsoever and the sight of the greased and shiny monster sliding all
  the way in in one smooth movement really was quite awesome.  
Kitten took it marvellously.  
 She was watching me throughout, almost as if daring me to do it and when
  she took it all in she there was just a hint of concentration in her features
  followed by a look that could only be satisfaction in taking it all.  
Rather than my scooting somewhat awkwardly between her legs Amy turned her
  round once more and made her behind over. It was a little undignified. She
  just grabbed her by the scruff of the neck and pushed her down until her head
  was almost between her own legs,  
"Remember this, Bitch," she said quietly, "you'll be back here soon enough!" and
  then she nodded for me to carry on.  
All I had to do now was ease in the butt plug and lock the cross piece to
  the belt. It literally was as easy as it sounded even though I didn't have
  too much experience with butt plugs.  
 I stroked Kitten's back to keep her as relaxed as I could.  
In fact I massaged her with both hands from neck to gorgeous bottom and she
  neither moved a muscle nor said a word. Something I put down to the power that
  Amy had over her now.  
Finally I eased the butt plug into place. It slipped past her sphincter with
  smoothly and the sight of her little rosebud opening as it accepted the ever-widening
  plug was really a sight to behold. There was just one slight grunt from her
  as the thing slipped finally home and Amy, who now had her by the ears, was
  quick to pull up her head to make sure she was okay.  
As soon as the lock was in place and I had twisted the numbered combinations
  as many ways as possible Amy ordered her to stand up.  
Kitten did exactly as she was told.  
Standing to attention once more, her hands wrapped in useless fists and secured
  to her sides, breasts bare, penetrated at front and back by objects that would
  probably keep her excited for most of her sleep time, she looked into Amy's
  eyes.  
"Okay Bitch, you done good! Really good!" she lowered herself onto the huge
  bed, "And if you really wanna impress me then you should know what you have
  to do next without me even telling ya!"  
She was right  
And I watched in not exactly disbelief as Kitten eased herself onto her knees,
  put her head almost eagerly between Amy's legs and began gently lap and suck
  at her puffy and reddened gash.  
 As I turned the last thing I heard was Amy's voice.  
"Hey Bill, you don't have to leave&hellip;" but I knew it was too much for
  me and besides I had an outstanding phone call to make, so I tiptoed into the
  bathroom, pulled my mobile phone from my robe and lowered myself as comfortably
  as I could onto the toilet seat.  
*  
"Hello, Liz Fisher." she said it as quietly as she could. She had been expecting
  the call but she was doing her best to monitor Linda who was still in the armchair
  and still in what could only be described as a very fitful sleep.  
The small pink cardigan kept her shoulders warm. Her arm, still in the sling
  was relatively free from pain as long as she didn't move it suddenly. The blinds
  were still drawn and it could have been any time at all in the small dimly
  lit, pastel shaded private room that she was due to occupy for at least one
  more day, depending on her progress.  
"Liz, it's me!" her face was a strange mixture of a relief and annoyance,  
&quot;Bloody hell! You pick your moments! I've been trying to get hold of
  you all bloody morning!" she hissed the words.  
"Yeah sorry, it's been a bit hectic here!" Liz grimaced.  
" I heard! But I'm sure it's not all business right now, I had Sheila on
  the phone half an hour ago!" it might have been me but there seemed to be just
  a hint of jealousy in her voice, "Listen Bill, I'll call you back. I really
  can't talk now. Linda's asleep. She's been having strange dreams. She's having
  one now! I'll call you back, I promise &hellip; and stay out of trouble, okay?" and
  then she was gone.  
*  
I made a couple of other calls and stepped out of the bathroom just as Kitten
  was bringing Amy to a climax of gigantic proportions. She held Kitten's head
  close to her groin. So close I was worried that she might starve her of air.
  Her robe flapped open and I noticed that one of her legs was moving almost
  rhythmically in time with the movements of Kitten's head and then the penny
  dropped.  
 As Kitten sucked and licked at Amy's moist and wanting pussy so Amy was
  reciprocating by pushing at the front plate of her belt and manipulating the
  large dildo inside of her. .  
Amy was unleashing a series of muffled screams now, in much the same way
  that Robert Plant screams in "Whole Lotta Love." But now she was being joined
  by the frenetic wailing of Kitten as well.  
I couldn't help myself.  
Amy sounded as if she were in agony even though I knew very well that she
  wasn't and as I walked up to her and touched her shoulder so she reached out
  with a hand that seemed to be trembling, threw open my robe and, hands against
  my bottom, pulled me in almost as if she were reeling in a fish, opening her
  mouth as she did it to engulf my already hardening penis.  
I'm sorry to say I didn't resist.  
 Already I could feel her warm breath on the end of my cock. Already I could
  feel it growing to surprising proportions and I was quite sure that I wouldn't
  have been able to last long as she drew me into the soft warm cavern of her
  mouth but both Kitten and her suddenly seemed to come together.  
Kitten with a scream that would have woken the dead whilst Amy was actually
  much more controlled as she simply let go of Kitten's head and subsided onto
  the duvet dragging me with her and then rolling on top of me and doing her
  best to mount me before my hard cock went completely to waste.  
*  
Jimmy took a sip of the fresh coffee that Pat Greene had bought in for both
  him and the Inspector. He was still trying to clarify some points.  
"Okay. So what you're saying is that this all kicked off after that business
  with Sue Chandler, right?" the Inspector nodded,  
"Mmm. She certainly SEEMS to be the catalyst. Previously, when operations
  were compromised, there was never any clear evidence but now we're starting
  to finally see the wood for the trees. In the States, the DEA have had the
  wheels fall off twenty operations in just under two months, with the subsequent
  loss of nearly thirty people&hellip;" Jimmy was nodding,  
"Yeah, I got a mate in Customs and Excise. They don't talk about their fuck
  ups much but one major smack bust went pear shaped a coupla months back in
  Hackney and two yachts loaded with dope mysteriously blew up just after Christmas,
  one off Folkestone, one in the English Channel and that's without the fifty
  kilos of Smack that went Missing from a warehouse in Kent!" The Inspector reached
  into the bottom drawer of his desk and drew out some chocolate digestives,
  Jimmy looked at him in disbelief, "Fuck me Guv! Other people keep Scotch down
  there, you got fucking Hob Nobs!" he took one anyway and the Inspector grinned,  
" It's the same all round. Things are going horribly wrong and a lot of the
  old guard in organised crime seem to be having the rug pulled out from under
  them. There have been three crime families literally wiped out of existence
  in America in the last three weeks. Five generations butchered overnight. The
  same's happening in Italy with the Mafia, in Japan with the Yakuza, in China
  with the Snakeheads and three nights ago in Kingston, five blocks of flats
  were reduced to rubble by a series of explosions, taking something like thirty
  major Yardies and their extended families off the face of the earth! There
  are even rumours that some of the more prominent people in the IRA and Sinn
  Fein AND some of the Protestant Para -Militaries are seriously considering
  going into hiding!" Jimmy looked at his superior officer,  
"So is this what they mean when they spout all that bollocks about a New
  World Order, then?" the Inspector looked out of the window. The earlier grey
  skies had given way to a bright, cold but hazy morning. He drew a deep breath.  
"Well, I've never been really sure what that means but there have been signs
  that things were changing for some time now. There's always been corruption
  but suddenly everything's moved on that much quicker and things have become
  that much more obvious. Take here for example. We've always had our suspicions
  but&hellip;"  
Jimmy was nodding sagely,  
"Oh yeah, sometimes it sticks out like a sore thumb but the problem is proving
  it!"  
*  
Things went pretty smoothly after that.  
Despite Amy's no nonsense but nonetheless sensual approach, my back and my
  face had been too sore to continue but she had taken it well, kissed me and
  with a wink assured me that we would try again later.  
Then we dragged the spent and pretty zonked out Kitten on to the bed who,
  despite Amy's original threat to sit on her face, lay quietly and allowed us
  to finish her bindings.  
As I wrapped her bare feet together in cling film and then began to bind
  them securely with duct tape I could not help turning to Amy,  
"You know I really can't see the point of this now. She's had enough Amy,
  let's just let her sleep!" Amy was cradling Kitten's head and also fluffing
  at her nipples with her right hand keeping them hard and erect as it there
  was a permanent cold breeze blowing but she was adamant.  
"Oh No!" she shook her head empathically, " I know about men and their fantasies
  and I know what YOU really want! You wanna fuck us both! Well it ain't gonna
  happen!" her face creased into a broad grin, "Not on my watch, Mister!" she
  was right enough, I suppose but I had to try because I was just so close.  
"Oh come on, Amy1I haven't got the energy but a cuddle would be nice!"  
A cuddle and watching Amy do a lot of what Amy had done with Kitten previously,
  perhaps.  
Amy took a finger and inserted into Kitten's mouth. She began to suck on
  it avidly.  
"Look at her Bill!" She said as Kitten happily sucked away, "Just look at
  her! You think she knows the difference between a fuck and a cuddle?" she moved
  her left hand down and began to push rhythmically against the belt that held
  Kitten's dildo snugly in place. Kitten's eyes closed and she seemed to suck
  even harder on Amy's finger, "See what I mean?" she asked triumphantly, "And
  I sure as hell ain't gonna wake up and find you with a great purple hard on,
  up to your balls in Kitten, 'cos I just know that she would jump your bones,
  given the slightest chance and this is the only way to stop her!"  
Kitten's legs were fully joined now from the ankles downwards. She let go
  of the now panting girl and kissed me on the lips.  
"You wanna come and help me wrap her head or you just gonna watch for the
  rest of the night, huh?" It was an offer I couldn't refuse and I managed to
  stand up without breaking contact with Amy who seemed to be getting sexier
  as Kitten became less and less capable of movement.  
*  
The biscuits were nearly all gone, Jimmy said,  
"So what's the game plan now, then?" the Inspector sighed  
"Well, we carry on pretty much as before. I need you with me on this Jimmy,
  I can't go it alone for ever and not having Barbara and Daisy around doesn't
  help&hellip;" Jimmy put down his cup,  
"Still can't work out the Charlie thing&hellip;" the Inspector smiled a little
  grimly.  
"It was a double bluff! If I broadcasted the fact that she was dead rather
  than kept it quiet, whoever it was that was interested would think she were
  still alive. Hence Operation Destiny! Charlie was shot. I think she was shot
  because she came into contact with Gerda. I think that THEY, whoever THEY are,
  were concerned about what Gerda had told Charlie and therefore us. They had
  access to Gerda and they needed to silence Charlie. I really didn't have to
  do anything; I just let the rumour mills do their job. We watched everything
  coming and going within a mile radius of the London Hospital. Jack Randall's
  a safe pair of hands at the Flying Squad and so is Rob Carter at SO19, so we
  ran a joint operation&hellip;" the colour had drained from Jimmy's face, something
  that generally only happened when he was angry.  
 The Inspector was shaking his head,  
 "I know, I know but we were trying to smoke people out. We were trying to
  find out who knew what. I trusted you, so I didn't need to tell you and that,
  quite simply, is that! Even if she DID manage to say anything to Charlie we
  don't know WHAT she said but we DO know, from the reaction that we got, that
  we must be close. You know the rest, that's why Bill Rodgers is in New York." Jimmy
  was looking out of the window now.  
"Yeah, potentially gettin' his arse blown off for no apparent reason!"  
 He suddenly turned to the Inspector, "What's his connection with all this
  Guv, why are they targettin' him and his mates? It can't be Sue fucking Chandler
  again, surely? Even SHE must realise she's gotta drop it sometime. And if it
  IS revenge, why kidnap the four of 'em AND try to grab Linda 'utton and 'er
  mate as well? Why not just kill 'em?" The Inspector was staring into space
  as if he had received a sudden shock,  
"Bugger!" Jimmy had seen this before.  
"What ya forgotten Guv?" the Inspector came back to reality.  
"I promised to phone Liz Fisher, you know the girl with Linda Hutton. We
  really need to follow up her statement and see if we can get more depth. Those
  two are our only real witnesses right now! Jimmy?" but Jimmy already had his
  mobile phone to his ear.  
"'Allo? 'Allo, is that Liz? 'Ullo, it's Sergeant James Clarke, Metropolitan
  Police. Oh, you remember me, only you were a bit out of it yesterday and it's
  about that that I'm&hellip;you what? Oh you were gonna ring us. Good! Dreams
  you say? Vivid dreams! Dreams about Heather Franklin, one of the girls that
  have gone Missing, yeah, one of the Americans, that's right. Dreams that are
  making Linda&hellip;.bloody 'ell! Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, I can see were you're
  comin' from on that or rather where she &hellip; never mind, sorry! Yeah, yeah,
  I'll speak to Chief Inspector Martin right away and we'll sort it. Just 'ang
  in there Liz and keep writing everything down. Yeah, good job. We'll be in
  touch, bye!" all the Inspector could do was stare at his Sergeant and wait
  for an explanation  
*  
Amy looked at me with more than a hint of excitement in her eyes.  
"I've got the ear plugs. They're wax, you have to warm them first!" I looked
  at her and then down at Kitten who was lying peacefully on the bed, her head
  a mass of white bandages.  
She could no longer see because we had put thick gauze eye pads over her
  eyes and wrapped the Ace bandages over them. We had continued wrapping until
  her head felt solid and had taken on a round shape. To help her breathe we
  had slipped two soft rubber tubes into her nostrils. We had wrapped over her
  hair and very carefully around her neck and she now had very little movement
  around her head at all.  
Amy sat down on the bed next to me. I held my hand against Kitten's soft
  tummy. I had tried to keep physical contact with her all the time that she
  was being wrapped so that she didn't feel too frightened but we both were quite
  sure that the inserts in her belt gave her other things to think about.  
She nuzzled her lips into my neck and then withdrew,  
"You okay?" I nodded wearily.  
"Mmm. But I'm tired and I want to sleep." Amy looked at me and then at Kitten.
  She knew what the problem really was.  
"She'll be fine! She really will. Kitten, can you hear me?" Kitten could
  still speak and she could still hear, in a voice thickened and slurred by the
  mass of bandages around her mouth, lips and chin she said, brightly enough,  
"Hey you guys, haven't you gone to bed yet?" Amy smiled at me. She sounded
  a little more spaced out than usual, which was to be expected but otherwise
  she seemed fine.  
"See?" she said airily. She leaned in close, her lips just inches away from
  Kitten's ear. It was immediately obvious that her attitude to her victim had
  softened considerably. "Hi baby! We're nearly done. Just your gag and your
  earplugs to go. You sure you're okay now?" Kitten didn't move, although with
  her feet taped together, her hands fixed to her sides in fists and her head
  no more than a ball of soft bandages, she didn't have a great deal of options.
  It was also obvious, even now, that her speech was affected.  
Amy bent forward some more, so that her ear was now just inches from Kittens
  bandaged mouth but sitting where I was I could also hear her reply.  
"Amy, I mean Miss, can you please just get on with it because I'm just creaming
  into this belt. I never thought I could be so excited!" Amy raised an eyebrow
  and looked up at me. I smiled but it was a fairly grim smile. Once we gagged
  Kitten and plugged her ears she would have no method of communication with
  us at all and the consequences of something going wrong whilst we were both
  asleep really didn't bear thinking about.  
Amy already had the gag in her hand. I looked at it in surprise.  
"A penis gag? What about her breathing?" Amy smiled  
"How about a Double Whammy? You plug her ears and wrap 'em and I'll let her
  suck on this!" I was still worried and she could see it in my face. She held
  the large, white, realistic and stubby looking penis up for my inspection, "It's
  a breather gag." She said simply and I could now see holes all the way round
  the part that would fit over Kitten's mouth.  
 I could also see the small, round, hand held pump that even now Amy had
  just fitted to the outside part of the gag. I took the earplugs from her outstretched
  hand and slid the first into Kitten's left ear and felt her wriggle just a
  little in return. First part of the job done I looked up at Amy,  
"And you're going to inflate that, are you?" she gave me a sly wink.  
"Wait and see.&quot; she said. "Just you wait and see!"  
*  
Inspector Martin was already gripping the arms of his chair.  
"I think we should get over there, Jimmy. I think we should get over there
  now!" Jimmy nodded,  
"Yeah, pity we ain't got Charlie though&hellip;" his voice tailed off as
  he realised what he had just said. The Inspector knew that the best way to
  deal with it was just to plough forward.  
"I've already made arrangements on that score Jimmy and while I think of
  it, I think it's also too much to expect you to do the driving all the time." Jimmy
  stared at him.  
"Is this your way of telling me I'm in the shit for nicking the Super's Jag
  yesterday?" Chief Inspector Martin smiled wearily.  
"Actually no! We got away with that but it would help us all if it didn't
  happen again! No, what I'm saying is that we should have a dedicated driver.
  That new girl, what's her name?" Jimmy had already picked up on his train of
  thought.  
"Andrea Phillips, Guv, never takes her 'at off!" The Inspector was already
  agreeing.  
"Mmm, that's her. She had leukaemia but she's in remission now, I think&hellip; lost
  her hair after chemotherapy&hellip;" Jimmy was picking up the coffee cups.
  He knew that once the Inspector made up his mind he was unstoppable, but he
  did not have any problems with Andrea either.  
"Okay Guv, I'll speak to her. She's got an excellent record and her drivin's
  impeccable apparently, extremely good under pressure. The leukaemia's not expected
  to return and she got 'undred per cent on 'er course, first one in five years
  to do it!" the Inspector looked at him quizzically.  
"You know a lot about her, Jimmy. You know, if I didn't know better, and
  she wasn't young enough to be one of my daughters, I'd say &hellip;" at that
  moment the door, which had been ajar, opened fully and a tall, slim, almost
  statuesque woman, wearing a white silk blouse, black mid -calf skirt and black,
  high heeled boots, entered.  
 She picked up on the conversation immediately,  
"...that he fancied her?" her husky voice had an almost lyrical Welsh lilt
  to it. Her hair was in a short blonde bob and there were laughter lines around
  her bright blue eyes, "I don't think so!" She turned to the obviously embarrassed
  Sergeant, "Wouldn't really be your style that, would it Jimmy? You've always
  preferred, let's say, the more mature woman!" for once in his life Jimmy Clarke
  blushed to the roots of his hair. The blonde woman put out a business like
  hand, "Sorry Inspector, that was very rude and you must forgive me. Jimmy and
  I know each other of old. You called me earlier; Cass Wright." She looked at
  Jimmy with a steady gaze that wasn't without affection. "I'm Charlie's mother!"  
*  
We were finally done.  
Kitten was now officially blind, deaf and dumb. The earplugs were in place
  and I had padded each ear with cotton wool before winding turn after turn of
  Ace bandage around her ever-thickening head.  
Amy meanwhile, had eased the penis into Kitten's mouth. She was already slurping
  and sucking on it before she could even fasten it in place behind her bandaged
  head. We watched her, lying on the bed, seemingly calm and placid but the way
  she sucked on that artificial cock suggested that there was a lot more going
  on beneath her bindings than it seemed.  
I looked over to the nightstand and suddenly saw the tape. The shiny black
  insulating tape that we were going to use to cover the bandages on Kitten's
  head with but had forgotten about.  
I looked at Amy and shrugged,  
"Won't be needing that now!" Amy's eyes were already narrowing.  
"Don't think so, huh?" she picked up one of the rolls and threw it over to
  me, "Just do what I do!" she said and began looking for the free end  
It took only a few minutes and I think that I was beyond tiredness by that
  stage. I looked down at Kitten and I was impressed. We had used the tape to
  bind around and around the base of her breasts and now, even though she was
  lying down, they stood out, proud and erect, like two large, tanned and perfectly
  formed melons. Taut and sensitive, as we soon found out when we raked our finger
  nails gently over them and Kitten tried to wriggle and moan and shift herself
  away from us like some kind of huge slug.  
For sometime we were like two cats playing with a mouse but eventually we
  tired of the game, much to Kitten's relief. Amy leaned over her prone form
  as she had frequently and kissed me softly on the lips.  
"Okay big guy," she said quietly, "just one more thing!"  
I had no warning.  
I had no idea what Amy intended and by the time she had done it, it was too
  late too stop her.  
It wasn't complicated, all she did was give the rubber bulb of the inflatable
  penis gag enough pumps to make Kitten's cheeks bulge and then, without preamble,
  she pulled off the rubber pump and put one hand tightly over the gag and its
  breathing holes. With the other she slipped a clothespin onto each of the breathing
  tubes that protruded from Kitten's nostrils.  
Immediately she began to buck and grind herself against the bed. Her head
  came up off the pillows as if to try to drag in more air or shake Amy off but
  she could do neither.  
Already I was up.  
Already I was moving towards Amy preparing to drag her off, preparing to
  knock her off Kitten if I had to but then she looked at me.  
She didn't scare me, quite the opposite in fact because even as the bound
  Kitten fought for air and only succeeded in using more up, Amy was looking
  at me almost serenely. There was calm in her eyes and she was now raising her
  right wrist to look at her watch.  
She looked back to me and although she didn't actually say,  
"I know what I'm doing," the sense was there even though Kitten was fighting
  and wheezing underneath her but Kitten's panic panicked me. The bindings that
  we had used were proving to be extremely effective. Maybe too effective because
  everything was holding fast and much to my horror I could see Kitten's struggles
  weakening considerably even as I stood almost rooted to the spot.  
 I had no option, if this was a game it had gone too far. Two strides took
  me over to Amy and just as I reached for her, so she took her hand off Kitten's
  mouth.  
"Hold her head!" she said calmly, "Hold her head while I get that cock out
  of her face!"  
 Ten seconds later the gag was lying, sodden with saliva, on the bed and
  the clothes pins were clutched safely in my hands.  
I subsided onto the bed, only then realising just how wobbly my legs were
  and how fast my heart was beating. I watched in surprise as Amy reached out,
  put a finger on Kittens left breast and tapped it twice.  
I couldn't believe what happened next.  
Kitten didn't move but her voice, although breathless, was clearly audible
  through the bandages,  
"Oh WOW! Oh Jesus Christ Amy, that was something else! And yeah, yeah, I'm
  fine!" Amy kissed her on the lips and then tapped her taped and purple breast
  three times.  
 Kitten tried to shake her head instead of nod it but she was disorientated.  
" Yeah! OH YEAH. Oh yeah, I came and I came and I came and Amy, you know
  what?" knowing that Kitten probably wouldn't hear her too well, if at all,
  Amy shook her head silently, "You know what Amy? I'm still fucking coming!
  Just one fucking come after another&hellip;" and she gave a little scream and
  she continued to moan and groan for about five minutes even though both of
  us held her and did our very best to comfort her.  
When Kitten finally fell silent Amy got up, looked at me, pulled me up off
  the bed and put her arms around me. We kissed for a very long time and when
  we finally broke she said,  
"Don't think she's gonna have a problem sleeping now, do you?" I laughed
  and shook my head.  
"Don't think so!" she ran a hand gently over Kitten's arm and shoulder. There
  was no movement but her breathing was regular and surprisingly slow. Amy winked,  
"She's young, she's fit, she doesn't smoke and she recovers really quickly." She
  looked into my eyes, "The breath play thing was on her, y'know, her Wish List.
  She does it quite a lot with BJ." she spread her arms wide, " So who was I
  not to oblige?" I let out a breath,  
"Y'know, for a minute there, I thought&hellip;" Amy nodded  
"I know, I know, I was taking a risk. I could have ended up like the guy
  with the tree but I thought "What the hell? We've done just about everything
  else tonight so let's go for it!&quot; after all&hellip; you only live once!" I
  was about to say that that might make a good title for a film but she was already
  kissing me as we both fell, oblivious of Kitten onto Amy's huge bed.  
Even as she turned out the light, pulled the duvet over the three of us and
  cuddled up against me I realised that she had just answered some of my questions
  but there were others that were likely to rattle around in my head for a while
  before I finally slept.  
Questions like, how did the two men who seemed intent on killing us know
  where we were at three thirty in the morning? Where did Amy learn the Karate
  that she had used to fell me with one blow, earlier? And in the light of what
  Kitten had said about Amy's cat, where had Amy been for the days before I got
  back to New York?  
*  
Impatiently she rang the bell once more then she almost glided
      back to the padded "horse" on which Lynn Hutchins was secured. She squatted
      down and touched the girl on the cheek.   
"How do you feel honey?" she asked solicitously. Lynn looked at
      her openly.   
"Strange Miss. Very strange!" Lady Heather lifted her skirts and
      stood up, she studied the girl for a few seconds. Her under wear was uniformly
      white, from her white stockings to her white long line bra and corset with
      the attached suspenders. The cheeks of her bottom were bare because Heather
      had removed her bloomers much to Lynn's original dismay and then retied
      her legs back into position    
Even now, Heather was lightly touching Lynn's boned corset,   
"How strange Lynn and why?" the bound girl tried to turn her head
      but the soothing touch of another woman was relaxing and she let it rest
      back against the padded cushion that protruded from the horse's front   
"Because I feel comfortable Miss! I feel comfortable and I don't
      feel afraid. Not like I do sometimes!" She paused as if debating what to
      say next in her mind. Lady Heather touched the base of her neck and said
      softly,   
"If you have feelings Lynn, feelings that you may not have experienced
      before it is nothing to worry about, believe me. Nothing will happen to
      you and I will not tell a soul, you must&hellip;" at that moment the door
      opened and much to Lynn's horror the butler walked in. He coughed,    
" I believe you were ringing for me Miss&hellip;" and then he saw
      the tableau in front of him. Lynn Hutchins secured over the horse in just
      her underwear and Lady Heather gently stroking her.   
Already Lynn was trying to protest but before she could voice that
      protest Lady Heather had walked smartly in front of her and pushed a wad
      of rolled up material into her mouth which she was now holding in place
      with the strips of cotton that Rodgers had used to gag her with earlier.   
 Heather dropped to her knees close to the right ear of the struggling
      girl and whispered sibilantly,   
"Hush Lynn! Hush now. No harm will come to you. This man here," she
      looked up malevolently towards Rodgers the butler, " has not come to hurt
      you." she looked back to the girl, "In fact Lynn, he has come here to be
      punished by his Mistress for not following her orders to the letter!"   
   
*  
Cassandra Wright and Chief Inspector Martin were in forensics, studying the
  reports on the explosion that had wiped out what could have been a terrorist
  cell or a group of mercenaries but, judging from the amount of weaponry including
  hand held rocket launchers, mortars and machetes, that had been found in their
  van and that hadn't been vaporised by the napalm induced explosion, was certainly
  not a group of people going lawfully about their business.  
 She, it transpired, had been one of the first psychiatrists in England to
  take the FBI's lead and embrace forensic psychology, a field in which profiling
  played only a small part. Cass had also been a pioneer in NLP, Neuro Linguistic
  Programming and was a skilled hypnotherapist. These days she taught the subject
  she had become an expert in more than she practised it but given the circumstances,
  she had agreed when the Inspector had asked for her help.  
Still a little shocked, Jimmy was talking to Andrea Phillips, who was almost
  as shocked as he was and who was walking one step behind him as they took the
  stairs down to the underground car park.  
Jimmy stopped abruptly and turned to Andrea who was very slim but had recently
  put on a little weight, much to her delight but who could still somehow manage
  to look good in a police uniform,  
"Listen luv, sorry, Andrea, this job's a doddle as long as you remember two
  things; ONE: you're very seldom right and TWO: when you're wrong, admit it
  to the guv'nor, he'll back an honest mistake all the way, okay?" Andrea nodded
  slowly,  
"You're serious, yeah?" Jimmy grinned.  
"Oh yeah. You can talk to the guv'nor or you can talk to me and if you've
  got a problem with me you can either talk to me and tell me I'm being a cunt
  or talk to the guv'nor!" He looked at her slightly wide-eyed expression, "I'm
  serious gel. He's as straight as they come and I ain't got nothing to hide." He
  stopped abruptly, "Well apart from summit that just walked in upstairs, that
  is!" and then he grinned a little grin to himself. "Sorry about that Andrea." Andrea
  was already shaking her head.  
"No, that's cool!" she said, fully aware that Jimmy Clarke was not a man
  whose eyes strayed all over her body, or to her tits, or who looked at her
  in the way an awful lot of men did at women in general.  
 They were on the first floor and although he was talking as quietly as he
  could, Jimmy's voice still echoed in the bare concrete stairwell.  
"Uniform!" he was ticking off his fingers as they talked. "From tomorra you
  wear what you want. You're a Detective Constable now Andrea. Smart but casz,
  okay?" she nodded again. Once more Jimmy turned on the stairs  
"Oh yeah. Sexual orientation."  
"Oh," she thought to herself, "here it comes!" Jimmy maintained eye contact
  with her and did not let it drift away.  
"There is NO discrimination in this department Andrea, absolutely none. The
  guv'nor won't have it and I just don't care! I don't care if you're straight,
  gay, bisexual, trisexual, or if you sleep with goats, as long as you don't
  publish pictures of it on the Internet, that is! We got one rule, sorry if
  it discriminates but that's it, just one rule, NO PAEDOPHILES! Any problems
  with any of that, if any one is giving you grief in that direction, if anyone's
  comin' on to you or being a general arsehole and you don't think you can deal
  with it, 'specially if it's a senior officer, then talk to the guv'nor or talk
  to me. We WILL listen and we WILL do something!"  
Jimmy pushed the fire doors into the car park open and then he threw something
  at her, which she instinctively caught. When she opened her hand she saw car
  keys. Brand new ones.  
 Jimmy was already standing by a gleaming silver saloon car.  
 He patted it lovingly.  
"BMW 5 Series, 530i Sport, 3 litre petrol engine, servotronic steering. Bags
  of poke! It's been tweaked a bit, nought to sixty in five point five seconds,
  top speed two hundred miles an hour! Unmarked but it's got a siren and a stick
  on light!" Andrea stood looking at him, her eyes dancing and glittering with
  excitement. Already Jimmy was beginning to realise what floated her particular
  boat.  
 He watched her.  
He watched her walk over to the car and touch it.  
 Touch it like it was human.  
 He had a handle on her now. Andrea was a perfectionist. If she set out to
  do something, then she did it well and not only did she do it well, she did
  it better than anyone else possibly could.  
Jimmy walked up to her and said quietly,  
"It's yours now, luv. It was gonna be mine but you'll treat it better than
  I ever could. It needs to be kept clean but you should be able to come to some
  arrangement with 'Andy Trevor, 'e'll do nearly anyfing for a cuppa tea! Oh
  and don't do what they did in Sweeney 2 and fill it with KFC boxes, old crisp
  packets and empty sandwich wrappers &ndash; please!" he was grinning but he
  knew she was close to tears, he could almost feel the emotion bubbling up inside
  her, he moved a little closer and whispered,  
"Don't take this wrong but a little bird told me you were a bit worried about
  yer Barnet, about how short it was&hellip;" he had already noticed that all
  the time he had been speaking to her she had kept her peaked cap on, rather
  than take it off, as almost every other policeman did. Andrea put a finger
  to the corner of her eye, surreptitiously wiping away a tear, she grinned a
  lop sided grin.  
"S'not that so much. Although when it gets to a certain length it starts
  to come out in clumps so I have to keep it short, but that's not the real problem.
  The real problem is, well look at it! It's the colour!" she raised her cap
  to reveal a smart one-inch crop that was uniformly grey. Now there were full-blown
  tears. She looked at Jimmy plaintively.  
"Look at me! I'm only twenty-five. I can't dye it because it'll probably
  all fall out again! People call me a lesbian. I can't go in the pub, I can't
  go anywhere without a bloody hat on!" Jimmy looked at her. He didn't see a
  lesbian, he saw an attractive young woman with high cheekbones who just happened
  to have short grey hair. He thought she looked good but he knew he wasn't the
  only man or woman in the country and of course he wasn't Andrea who saw things
  differently  
Very gently he took the cap from her outstretched hand, once again maintaining
  eye contact,  
"You do now! At first, 'cos you're on probation, there'll always be someone
  with you but generally speakin', we tend to work in pairs anyway. I'm chucking
  this 'at away Andrea! Don't worry about Stores, we'll sort that out when the
  time comes!" He strolled over to the open metal shutters where the bins were
  kept and as he did so he realised just how close he had come to telling her
  to go and talk to Charlie about make up that would emphasise her eyes and lead
  people's gaze away from her hair. He reached the bins wondering if he would
  ever get used to life without Charlie, then he wondered quite how he was going
  to cope with it with her mother and finally he tossed Andrea's cap inside.  
He walked slowly back to her and touched her on the arm.  
"You're with US now gel.&quot; he said quietly, "Wear a baseball cap or whatever
  you wear when you're not on duty by all means but just give it a try. We'll
  be with you and if you can't take it, see me in a week. The guv'nor would call
  it a little exercise in self confidence, not that you seem to need THAT much,
  all right?" Andrea looked up at him, her teary eyes wide with trust and scepticism
  at the same time.  
Jimmy smiled and put both his hands on her shoulders.  
"Andrea, I just 'ope I look as good as you do when I go grey!" and he had
  no option but to put his arms around her as she snuggled up to him and began
  to cry.  
*  
Lady Heather was not one to stand on ceremony.   
"Close the door Rodgers. Close the door, come forward and kneel
      at my feet!" Rodgers did exactly as he was told but she did not smile.
      She looked down on him, not quite disdainfully and extended her right arm, "You
      may kiss my hand!" once again he obeyed, taking her soft, white, outstretched
      hand in his and kissing it lovingly.   
 Lynn Hutchins was shocked; this man who had taken such control
      of her, who had tied and gagged and taken liberties with her, was now kneeling
      meekly at the feet of his Mistress, his eyes downcast, his hands by his
      sides. He waited, silent and unmoving; Lady Heather Franklin drew a deep
      breath.   
"To say that I am displeased with you Rodgers is an understatement.
      Not only am I displeased but I am also extremely disappointed in you. Extremely
      disappointed Rodgers. Everything I work for hinges on this. Everything
      I work for hinges on you!" She looked down at the cowed butler and drew
      another, even deeper breath, " I need allies Rodgers, I need&hellip;" suddenly
      she seemed to lose patience. She raised her voice without warning,   
"Stand up! Stand up immediately!" Rodgers did exactly as he was
      told and stood to attention in front of Lady Heather. She looked him up
      and down for a moment and then stared for a while at his buttoned fly and
      his high waisted trousers. She shook her head slowly and then she moved
      forward and put her hand against his trouser front. She studied the butler
      whose face was reddening, then she shook her head slowly.   
"It doesn't matter how I scold you or who I do it in front of,
      does it Rodgers?" Rodgers hung his head but Lady Heather did not move her
      hand. Unexpectedly she shouted at him,   
"ANSWER ME MAN! ANSWER ME WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU!" His reply was
      immediate.   
"No Madam!" she dropped her hand and began to walk around the hapless
      butler, her face a mask of contempt.   
"And why is that Rodgers? Why does it not matter?" this time he
      spoke immediately,   
"Because whoever you scold me in front of Madam, or however you
      do it, I never fail to have an erection!" Lady Heather continued to pace
      around the unfortunate man.   
"Precisely Rodgers, precisely! And that is why you are now going
      to turn around and face Miss Hutchins." He looked at his Mistress for just
      a moment but he knew better than to argue.    
He turned as ordered.   
 He was now only a few inches from the tied and gagged girl who
      lay bound to the horse in just her underwear. Lady Heather stopped and
      walked towards him. She brushed the front of his trousers once again and
      then she stared down at the butler.   
"Has it hurt you today Rodgers?" He did not know where to look
      but Lady Heather was not to be denied. She said softly, "Answer me Rodgers,
      you know better than to disobey me!" the butler was already nodding his
      head.   
"Yes Madam it HAS hurt me. Not a painful hurt, more of a kind of
      irritation really." She had turned her back on him and was now closing
      the drawer of a large bureau that stood beneath one of the windows. Rodgers
      could see that in her hand she was holding a crook handled cane. She stood
      behind Lynn Hutchins and almost absent-mindedly began to stroke her bare
      left buttock.   
 Insouciantly she looked at Rodgers and said,   
"So you decided to try and relieve yourself by frotting against
      Miss Hutchins here." She paused and then finally she said almost sweetly, "Is
      that correct Rodgers?" Rodgers blushed deeply, hung his head and said,   
"Yes Madam that is correct!" Lady Heather was now stroking Lynn's
      right buttock. She leaned forward and whispered to her,   
"You should know Lynn that "frotting" is the act of rubbing oneself
      against another in a lewd and depraved manner. Quite often, the culprits
      are able to bring themselves to a climax by a relatively brief period of
      physical contact. It is already quite commonplace on the Metropolitan Railway
      and also on some of the busier Omnibus routes where the passengers have
      to stand for any length of time." She straightened up and then took several
      steps towards her errant butler, tapping the cane against her right leg
      as she did so. Standing very close to him now, she said quietly whilst
      looking at Lynn.    
"Tell her why you do it Rodgers/. Explain to Miss Hutchins here,
      who is only bound and gagged temporarily by the way, explain to her just
      why you need to rub yourself against women and why you were rubbing against
      her only this afternoon, in such a disgusting manner." Rodgers hung his
      head and she poked the tip of the cane into his genitals.   
"Answer me Rodgers," she said almost coaxingly, "Answer me and
      tell me exactly why you have this need." The butler opened his mouth to
      speak but Lady Heather caught him by the chin, "look at Miss Hutchins,
      Rodgers. Look at her because first you will explain and then you will beg
      her forgiveness! So you will give her the common courtesy of looking at
      her whilst you speak. Do I make myself clear?" Rodgers nodded,   
"Yes Madam." Lady Heather was staring at him; she tapped the cane
      lightly against his right buttock.   
"Well, go on then Rodgers, tell her and then beg her forgiveness." Sheepishly
      Rodgers began,   
"Er, begging your pardon Miss and I know that it is wrong but sometimes,
      well sometimes, I just cannot help myself&hellip;" Lady Heather put the
      cane to his chin,   
"Mmm, well said Rodgers! But it doesn't even begin to describe
      your, er, your little problem&hellip; does it?" Rodgers shook his head,   
"No Madam it does not!" Standing next to him, Lady Heather looked
      at the butler and said archly,   
"No it doesn't and I really don't think that words could ever describe
      it, do you?" the butler's eyes were already widening as he began to realise
      what Lady Heather was about to make him do but he stood silently, hands
      by his sides. Once again she tapped his buttocks with the came.   
"Well, Rodgers," she asked with just the hint of a smile, "what
      do you think?" the butler suppressed a sigh.   
"No Madam, words could not even begin to describe&hellip;" she
      broke in.   
"Quite right Rodgers. Quite right. So what you are going to do
      is drop your trousers and show Miss Hutchins exactly why you were rubbing
      against her so disgracefully this afternoon and why you felt the necessity
      to touch her most private of parts." The butler's face was crimson, but
      Lady Heather was not finished, "You will then, Rodgers describe exactly
      what your arrangements are and WHY you are so arranged. Is that clear?" Rodgers
      stood rigid, eyes to the front. There was a moment's silence and then he
      said quietly   
 "Yes Madam!" Lady Heather grinned to herself.   
"Good! Very good." Then she looked at him, "Well go on then! Don't
      just stand there man &ndash; drop your trousers!". It appeared that Rodgers
      knew better than to argue because already he was fumbling at his waistcoat.
      Lady Heather meanwhile had turned her attention to Miss Hutchins and even
      now was facing Rodgers as he undressed and gently stroking Lynn's bare
      and exposed buttocks at the same time. Already softened by the earlier
      attention that Heather had paid her, Lynn groaned through her gag and closed
      her eyes.   
 Quietly and thoughtfully Lady Heather said,   
"Do you know what women who like other women are called Miss Hutchins?" Lynn
      did not react at all. Heather slipped a hand under Lynn's corset and continued
      to stroke her warm, soft skin. "They call them lesbians, Lynn. The Sisters
      of Lesbos! But that is only because they don't understand. Queen Victoria
      is said to have been frightened of them and refused to believe that they
      could possibly exist!"    
 Still stroking Lynn's back, Lady Heather moved forward and kissed
      her cheek,    
"Perhaps Lynn that was because she was frightened of herself. Perhaps
      she may not have been quite the prude that people thought she was!" she
      kissed Lynn again and Lynn groaned and closed her eyes once more. Now Heather
      stood up and withdrew her hand, she looked straight at Rodgers who had
      now opened his waistcoat undone his braces and was beginning to lower his
      trousers, she spoke once more.   
"You have to remember, Lynn, that lesbians exclusively love other
      women," She paused, "but it is perfectly possible, my dear Lynn, to love
      both Men AND women!" She dropped to her knees and took gentle hold of Lynn's
      head. "Look at him Lynn! Look at him!" she urged softly, "He is mine! Absolutely
      mine! I control him. I control him absolutely, but I also love him, as
      indeed I may well love you, Lynn Hutchins. Now look at him!" even through
      her gag Lynn managed a muffled cry, amazed at what she saw, she looked
      first at the butler and then at Lady Heather in disbelief.   
Lady Heather turned the girls' head back towards Rodgers and said,   
"Well Rodgers, I believe that you were going to describe yourself!" Heather
      held Lynn's head in both hands as the butler began to describe the very
      odd and very stringent way in which he and his manhood were secured. Not
      so embarrassed now, in fact, seemingly glad of the opportunity to unburden
      himself, Rodgers began.   
"You must see, Miss Hutchins, that her Ladyship is my Mistress
      and I have willingly indentured myself to her. As you can see, part of
      my, er, enslavement, if you wish, is that I am not allowed to wear underwear
      of any kind. That is not a problem because, as you can also see my, er,
      my gentalia are secured in such a way that my lack of, erm, support, is
      never noticed." Lady Heather had put down the cane and was now walking
      towards the butler once more. She stood next to him and almost lovingly
      began to stroke his penis and his testicles, which, although they had been
      semi erect throughout the proceedings, now began to harden considerably.
      Pleased that the butler had made a start, Lady Heather now took up the
      explanation.   
"You see Lynn, I am a strong woman, much TOO strong for some people's
      tastes, but I need people behind me. People who will work for me and Rodgers
      does just that. His is loyal and he is obedient," she looked at him archly, "most
      of the time! But occasionally, very occasionally, he strays." Still stroking
      his rapidly hardening penis, Lady Heather turned to him and said, "tell
      Miss Hutchins about the way your genitalia are pierced Rodgers, as you
      can see, she is fascinated!"   
It was true.    
Lynn was staring at his fully erect penis unable; it seemed, to
      take her eyes off of it. Despite his predicament the butler gave a small
      cough and began,   
"As you can see Miss, I have my urethra pierced in a style known
      as the Prince Albert because the Old Queen encouraged the Prince Consort
      to have one for reasons of cleanliness. The ring in the glans of my penis
      is used, as you can also see, to attach the penis to a very fine chain
      which in turn runs to the rings in my pierced nipples&hellip;" under other
      circumstances it might be funny but Lynn was amazed and somehow excited.   
The butler's penis, which even now was being gently stroked by
      Lady Heather, was held permanently upright by a chain that ran from the
      small rings in his nipples to the urethra of his manhood but that was not
      all. Around his testicles were two large steel rings. They had a flat joining
      piece in the middle of them, which appeared to have a tiny keyhole in it.
      They fitted securely just above his testicles and emphasised them, making
      them appear larger and much more livid than they actually were.   
At the base of his cock was what appeared to be steel ring, approximately
      an inch and a half in diameter. Towards the top and just below the fraenum
      was another ring, smaller and in gold, which could almost have been a wedding
      band.   
 It fitted snugly under the head.   
Lady Heather was now lightly weighing the butler's ball sac in
      her delicate hand. His penis appeared to be enormous. It was red and angry
      and the very sight of it caused Lynn to shiver because suddenly she wanted
      it inside her.   
 She wanted to experience that hardness.   
 She wanted the satisfaction of having the man who had taken liberties
      with her being forced to give HER pleasure.    
For once in her life she saw that pleasure as being her right.   
She was not to be denied.    
With a start she realised that the butler was still speaking,   
"&hellip;it amuses my Mistress to use this device to keep me chaste,
      Miss Hutchins and I most humbly apologise for what I did to you earlier,
      it was unforgivable but if it is any consolation at all, although you may
      have felt my erect penis against you, I can assure that this device does
      not allow me to ejaculate in any way!" Lynn's eyes widened with amazement.   
"He's right Lynn!" she looked to her right and saw Lady Heather
      stepping out of her dress and she drew a breath as best she could through
      the cloth that stifled her speech.    
 Beneath her outer attire, this proud, haughty and noble woman
      was dressed like a common showgirl.    
She was wearing a striped, red and cream silk corset that was nipped
      in tightly at the waist, emphasising her curves and ended just underneath
      her prominent breasts, allowing the vast majority of them to jut forward
      provocatively. She was wearing black long stockings attached by eight suspenders
      to the corset and it was now obvious that she wore shoes with a very high
      heel.   
 But what really shocked Lynn Hutchins were the tiny and obviously
      damp little silk pants that she wore to preserve what was left of her modesty.
      They too were red but it was her obvious excitement that made Lynn Hutchins
      blush.   
Now Heather strolled towards her, seemingly happy to be rid of
      her outer garments. When she touched her bare bottom this time it was as
      if someone had applied a jolt of electricity to her skin. She walked round
      to the front of the horse so that Lynn could get a better view of her.   
Lynn could only stare at the ever-darkening patch on the front
      of Lady Heather's underwear. Lightly she put a hand under her chin and
      drew her head upwards.   
"You see, Lynn, I keep my butler chaste at all times. His cock
      and his balls are MINE and they are permanently locked, although," she
      grinned and pulled a small ring from the bust of her corset, between her
      large creamy breasts, "I do of course keep the keys because I, after all,
      AM a woman and women DO have needs and when I NEED my butler I chain him
      to the bed upstairs and I use him." Lynn blinked in amazement, "I use him
      Lynn but unlike a lot of MEN, I make sure that HE enjoys it too." Coquettishly
      she walked away from Lynn Hutchins and strolled in her finery to wards
      the cowed butler. She stopped at another bureau for a moment and pulled
      out what appeared to be a length of white cord.    
She stood behind Rodgers.   
"Hands behind your back!" she commanded and the butler obeyed instantly.
      In a matter of seconds Lady Heather Franklin had looped the rope, slipped
      one end through that loop and then dextrously tied Rodger's hands together
      behind his back.   
If anything it seemed to make his penis swell even more.   
If Lynn had thought that she could not possibly see anything else
      more improbable that night, then she was wrong. As she watched, Lady Heather
      delicately dropped her tiny silk pants to her ankles revealing, unbelievably,
      a shaven Mons Veneris. If it could have done, Lynn's jaw would have dropped
      as she saw, for the first time, the completely bare labia of another woman.   
She bent delicately, picked up the pants, said without preamble,   
"Open Rodgers!" and stuffed the obviously damp underwear into his
      mouth. She packed it delicately, making sure, as best she could, that he
      would not be able to spit them out once they were in.   
 When his mouth was finally stuffed to her satisfaction, she turned
      to the astonished girl on the padded horse and began to touch the unfortunate
      man's penis once more; it did not seem to have gone down at all.   
"In a moment Lynn," she said quietly, "Rodgers is going to repay
      you for what he did to you through earlier. I can assure you that you WILL
      enjoy it and that he is also scrupulously clean. You may also have gathered
      that those rings, particularly the one at the base of his penis which is
      lined with tiny horse hairs, do not allow him to subside once he has achieved
      an erection, which they DO allow. It is uncomfortable and very, very frustrating
      which is why, sadly, he took his frustration out on you this afternoon!"   
 Suddenly she was business like.   
"Come Rodgers. Come with me now because you are about to give Lynn
      the fucking that she so richly deserves." Lynn drew a breath as this woman
      of character, this well bought up and moneyed woman used a word that only
      street people were supposed to use.    
 It only served to add to her arousal.    
She could feel and hear them behind her now but she could not see
      them. She could only guess that Lady Heather was opening the locks that
      kept Rodgers under her very strict control and it came as a total surprise
      when his stiff and erect penis slid comfortably into her warm, moist haven.   
She gasped in both surprise and pleasure.   
"Fuck her Rodgers! Fuck her! And make sure she enjoys it. Make
      sure she enjoys it in the same way that I always do and don't let your
      punishment distract you!" as soon as Lady Heather broke off, so Lynn heard
      the swish and vicious thwack of the cane, presumably on Rodger's exposed
      buttocks.   
 It only added to her pleasure.   
Each stroke of the cane seemed to drive Rodgers to greater heights
      and he was still fucking her and still filling her deeply when they reached
      cut number twelve. She had been expecting him to cry out in pain but he
      didn't, he just fucked her and fucked her and continued to fuck her slowly
      and surely and it was with certain dismay that she heard the strange sound
      of a bell.   
 Loud and insistent she knew it needed a response.   
Lady Heather had already put down her cane and was now walking
      towards the door of the small, almost claustrophobic and dimly lit room.
      It was with shock that Lynn Hutchins suddenly realised that Lady Heather
      had changed. She had even less clothing on than before and now she was
      barefoot.   
 She was barefoot, she had a strange item of clothing on that seemed
      to keep her hands hugged to her chest and she also wore some kind of occlusive
      helmet.    
With mounting horror Lynn noticed that Lady Heather's feet no longer
      appeared to touch the floor. The door opened on its own and with it came
      a warm draught of strangely scented air. She could not believe what she
      saw in what should have been the passage of Lady Heather Franklin's smart
      house in Arbour Square, Stepney, because what she saw was a vast concrete
      tunnel. A kind of cavern. A huge, empty cavern with strange signs on the
      walls.   
One thing however had not changed and that was Rodgers. He was
      still ploughing into her and she knew that it would not belong before she
      climaxed. Now she could hear something else    
She could hear a voice calling her.   
 A familiar voice,   
"Linda! Linda! Wake up! Wake up for Christ's sake. Wake up before
      you have a bloody heart attack or something! Wake up you daft cow!"    
And her world seemed to shatter into a thousand pieces as she climaxed
      and lost consciousness at the same time.   
   
*  
It was a dream. I knew it was a dream even while I was dreaming it but try
  as I might I could not get out of it. I just could not break away. When I did
  finally rouse I was disorientated but not so disorientated that I wasn't aware
  of an uncomfortably hard erection and, as I gradually regained consciousness,
  of a hand gently inciting that erection to further hardness.  
 Amy was close to me, very close. One hand resting on my back, the other
  gently and sensually stroking my, so hard it was painful, penis. I tried to
  speak but she put a finger to my lips and shushed me.  
"That's some dream you've been having there, big guy. You got your ass caned&hellip;" she
  kissed me softly on the lips, "and you gave that girl one hell of a fucking!" she
  kissed me again and all the while her hand was soothing it's way up and down
  my fiercely erect shaft, making my spine tingle, making it hard to breathe
  at some points. I should have been embarrassed that she had overheard it all
  and that I had been talking in my sleep but I wasn't, in fact I wasn't embarrassed
  at all.  
 Just very, very, aroused.  
 She nuzzled my neck and then she kissed me again.  
"What about those piercings?" she was almost giggling, "You ever had one?
  The one you were describing in your sleep was one helluva job but lots of people
  have Prince Alberts. Very popular amongst gay men," she looked at me archly. "But
  what you or whoever you were had&hellip;" if she meant to distract me then
  her plan worked perfectly because before I knew it she was rolling me onto
  my back and lifting one leg so that she could ease herself on top of me and
  mount me properly,  
She didn't need a lot of help. My bone hard penis slipped easily into her
  warm and already lubricated vagina. Then our arms were around each other and
  we were kissing with a passion I hadn't felt since Sheila and I got drunk one
  night, a long time ago.  
"How's your back?" she whispered.  
"It's fine, it really is!" I lied, also mindful of the fact that Kitten was
  only a hairsbreadth away from us. At that moment she unleashed a series of
  earth moving snores that told us that she was at least still alive and relatively
  okay.  
I looked up at Amy; she looked so sexy hovering just above me, her hair hanging
  down, those massive breasts just touching my chest. So sexy and so in control.
  For a moment I considered rolling her over and fucking her, fucking her hard
  and not too fast but I obviously gave myself away because she put out a restraining
  hand and kissed me again.  
"Oh no! " she said forcefully, "You're having dreams where you're caned and
  forced to fuck women, so you can do just as I say! Now lay back and let ME
  fuck YOU!" I quivered and I took a deep breath because the feeling of Amy's
  soft moist cavern around my hard straining cock had combined with what she
  had just said to almost tip me over the edge.  
I breathed hard and dragged myself back but I needn't have worried because
  just as Amy began to fuck me slowly and rhythmically with a huge grin on her
  face, so my mobile phone rang.  
I hesitated for a moment but she hissed at me,  
"Answer it! It might be important!" then she grinned, &quot; don't worry,
  I ain't going anywhere!&quot; and collapsed on top of me. My wet penis flopped
  out into fresh air but to my mounting horror Amy's bare bum was now looming
  a few inches from my face and as I picked up the phone an equally warm and
  equally wet and inviting mouth replaced her warm, wet, inviting vagina.  
"Hi! Bill Rodgers," I had hardly finished speaking  
"Don't you ever answer your damn phone?" For reasons not obvious to Liz Fisher
  I felt very laid back at that moment.  
"Hi Liz, everything okay?" Her voice was disbelieving.  
"No! This is not right! This is not you. The Bill Rodgers I know would be
  climbing the walls by now, unless&hellip;unless. Oh no! Oh bloody hell! You're
  having sex, you dirty bastard! You're shagging&hellip;" then the penny seemed
  to drop. "You've had that dream! The same dream as Linda. She climaxed again,
  climaxed in the fucking hospital and woke up sopping bloody wet and you; you
  must have a fucking enormous hard on! Tell me Bill! Tell me about it! It's
  got to be her&hellip;it must be!" it hadn't occurred to me at all that this
  was what Liz had been talking about earlier, she carried on anxiously, "Linda
  woke up about fifteen minutes ago, at one point she was screaming so much I
  thought she was going to bloody die! She was a prostitute," there was a slight
  pause and I could imagine Liz at her most haughty, looking Linda up and down, "She
  was a prostitute and you were a butler, a dirty fucking butler who had his
  cock pierced and was a slave to Lady Aitch&hellip;" Amy's tongue was doing
  things to the end of my penis that I didn't think possible. "..Bill! Bill!
  Listen to me, bugger you! Tell her in the nicest possible way to stop doing
  whatever it is she's doing to your knob and let me fucking talk for Chrissake!" years
  of working in Television meant that Liz knew how to project her voice. Even
  now Amy was crawling back to me, her mouth open and her eyes shining with lust.
  She eased herself against me, putting her slightly cold arm around me, letting
  me feel her cold tits. Liz in London, unable to see what was happening, was
  letting frustration get the better of her.  
"Can you hear me Bill? Answer me fuck you, &hellip;" I did my best to keep
  her calm.  
"Yes Liz, I'm back. I heard everything and you're right. It's how you described
  it." Now and only now was the full impact of what had happened sinking in.
  How could two people have almost exactly the same dream at almost exactly the
  same time? I'd never heard of it. "But Liz, how? It doesn't make any sense!" Liz
  was already talking over me.  
"It does Bill. It DOES make sense. I see it every day in television. She
  was transmitting&hellip;" I was stumped.  
"Who was?" Liz snorted.  
"She was. Heather was. She was transmitting, she was sending out that dream
  to the two people closest to her&hellip;" that couldn't be right.  
 I could understand Heather and Linda and even me and Linda but me and Heather?
  We got on fine but I didn't see her THAT often. Liz was obviously thinking, "Bill,
  what happened at the end? At the end of the dream?" I had to think too,  
"Er, she left us. The doorbell rang and she left us. She walked out through
  the door. She left it open. It should have opened onto another room but it
  didn't. It didn't Liz; she walked out of the room and into a tunnel. A concrete
  bloody tunnel with&hellip;" but it was as far as I got.  
Liz was thinking out loud.  
" Doorbells! Doorbells in Edwardian times? Did they have them? But that's
  exactly what Linda says. She was still tied down but she saw Heather sort of
  float out of the room, but the way she was dressed had changed and she kind
  of floated off into something that she says looked like the Jubilee line, all
  concrete caverns and&hellip;FUCK! That's it! Concrete caverns, concrete tunnels.
  God! I'm almost as thick as you two! Don't you see, Bill? Oh, I think Linda's
  got it at last! She, Heather I mean, she's trying to communicate with you.
  She's trying to send out a message." Liz's voice took on a triumphant tone, "She's
  trying to tell the pair of you where she is!"  
*  
Liz took off her glasses and stared jubilantly at Linda.  
"I know I'm right! I know I am!" Linda walked over to the bed and sat on
  it. She gently plucked the phone from Liz's hand and looked at it  
"You've lost him you silly cow. You've cut him off!" Liz had the good grace
  to look slightly embarrassed.  
"Sorry! It was the heat of the moment. I'll call him back in a minute, when
  he's finished his fuck. But don't you see?" Linda was already standing up.
  She had a finger to her lips.  
"Yes Liz! I see. I DO see&hellip;" she crossed to the door and pulled it
  open but there was no one there. She turned back to her and said brusquely  
"Danni. What time does she come on?" Liz thought for a moment.  
"She's on nights, she went off about eight this morning so I suppose she'll
  be back again at about eight tonight, why?" but Linda was already stalking
  out of the room and down the wood lined corridor hospital corridor and Liz
  was searching for Jimmy Clarke's mobile phone number.  
*  
She had already decided that the Ladies would be the best place to do this.
  She locked the door of the cubicle and speed dialled.  
The voice answered almost immediately.  
"Yes?"  
"Oh, er, hi! It's me, Danni!"  
"You've got something for me?"  
"Yes, yes I have, it's not a lot&hellip;"  
"I'll be the judge of that. Just tell me!"  
"Well, Linda, you know, her friend, Liz's friend? She's had this dream&hellip; and
  the guy? You know, the one in New York? He's friends with both of them&hellip; Well,
  he's had it too..."  
"Go on."  
"Well it seems as if&hellip;" but at that precise moment she was interrupted
  by the harsh sound of wood splintering.  
She looked up in surprise and shock only to see the door of the cubicle crashing
  back against the wall. Before she could even cry out in surprise a leather
  gloved hand had snatched the phone from her hand and dropped it into the toilet
  bowl. It was that very same hand that punched her over and over again, each
  blow hitting her hard and painfully in the face until finally, unable to take
  any more, she collapsed on the floor unconscious, blood already beginning to
  stream from her nose and trickle from the corner of her mouth.  
&copy; Wallace 2005. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
February 2005  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wallace


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





