BDSM Library - Resurrection




Resurrection
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bill finds out what Sheila is really in New York for and Sheila meets some old friends.RESURRECTION   
PART ONE   
BY   
WALLACE   
(WARNING: This story contains depictions of torture and breath
  play, violence and strong language.)  
Another year, another rat hole. Ten years ago it had been East End rat holes,
  two books and a kidnapping, a death and a lot of water under a lot of bridges
  and some things had changed, I was a fair bit richer, most certainly not any
  wiser and much lonelier but here I was, back in the rat holes again.  
New York rat holes admittedly, but rat holes all the same.  
"Don't walk through Central Park!!" They said,  
"But Rudy sorted that all out!" I said, staring out of the hotel window onto
  bare trees, lush greens and chilly looking water  
"Yeah, like Ken sorted out the buses in London!" They said.  
But I walked through the darkened park all the same and got to my destination
  completely unmolested. Cold but unmolested. If London freezes in winter then
  New York experiences a new Ice Age  
Hands thrust deep in pockets I found what I was looking for fairly quickly
  because I'd been there earlier in the day.  
It must have been the last warehouse in the city. Well, the last one not
  to be turned into loft apartments anyway. Dark and nondescript, in an anonymous
  avenue that was a little more downtown than I would have liked. Metal shutters
  covering what was once a loading bay, dirty windows seeing nothing. I pushed
  at the door in the dark alley that I'd found earlier and it opened easily enough.  
Inside it smelt damp and musty. There wasn't litter on the floor but it wasn't
  exactly freshly cleaned either. In the background there was the vague cooing
  sound of young pigeons and if you breathed in hard the accompanying smell was
  there too  
The place could have been deserted but I knew it wasn't. I started toward
  the stairs but saw a movement out of my left eye. A man. A large black man,
  slightly the wrong side of middle age with a shaven head, coming out of the
  shadows at me. I stopped. As he got close I could see he was wearing a security
  guard's uniform. One thing I knew about security guards in the States was that
  they carried guns. He stared at me.  
"Hi!" I said, "I'm just&hellip;"  
He didn't let me say anymore. He raised a hand, thumb pointing upward and
  then his face relaxed into a hooded smile.  
"S'okay! Up the stairs, first door to the right and mind the top step!"  
I smiled at him. Two days ago I would have been surprised but not any more.
  The minute they heard that accent, the minute they picked you out as a Brit,
  the reaction was always the same. You weren't a threat any more; you were&hellip; you
  were an Englishman in New York. As much a danger to them as Quentin Crisp would
  have been to Mike Tyson.  
The stairs were as dark and gloomy as the rest of the place, I didn't actually
  see or even feel any cobwebs but you somehow knew they had to be there. I minded
  the top step and trod carefully onto a landing that seemed cleaner, less gloomy
  and more used somehow. There were noises coming from where the man had told
  me to go. Strange noises. Noises like a computer makes. And voices. The first
  was clearly female and seemed to be more narrating than just talking and then
  a man's, low and almost wheedling. I stopped and listened  
"That's it honey, that's it! No! NO! Breathe out on the cane stroke. I'll
  take the gag out to make it easier. That better? Now breathe out! Good girl.
  Good girl! Now look at me. Look at me! You wanna another stroke of the cane
  sweetheart? Or d'you want me to give it to your friend? S'up to you. It's very
  democratic here. You can't take it; your friend'll take it for you. Speak up
  honey, I can't hear you. You wannanother stroke? Nod your head! That's good.
  That's very good&hellip;"  
There was silence for a few moments and then a swish and the unmistakeable
  sound of bamboo impacting on flesh. That in itself wasn't particularly unnerving
  to me but I wasn't prepared for the scream that followed. The high-pitched,
  pain wracked scream followed by a series of uncontrollable sobs that seemed
  to turn my guts to water.  
I didn't recognise the voice but I did recognise the fear, the pain and the
  anguish in that agonised squeal. The anger that had been simmering away inside
  me for what seemed like years suddenly came to the boil.  
I took a deep breath, trying not to let it rasp in and out of my nose, trying
  to do what the girl, because, undoubtedly, it WAS a girl, had been told and
  tried to breathe out the pain and the anger. I knew that the chances of it
  working were slim. I pushed at the door and it opened smoothly  
 I stepped through, out of darkness and into light. The bright lights used
  for filming. There was a kind of stage off to my right and flashguns were popping
  in all directions. Also on the right, but back against the near brick wall
  was a fairly impressive control desk manned by a no less impressive girl with
  long black hair, black biker boots and an all in one kind of jump suit in scarlet
  PVC consisting of shorts and a short sleeved top which incorporated a zipper
  which was currently well below her ample and fairly obviously bare breasts.  
It was a big room and there were maybe twenty people in it. Suddenly self-conscious
  I stayed where I was and she acknowledged me with a slight nod of the head.
  Hers was the narrating voice. Hers, as I knew from earlier, was the acceptable
  face of this place.  
The man on the make shift stage was younger than me by roughly 10 years and
  taller by about five inches. He had the slight stoop of someone who found himself
  too big for everything, even in America. His hair was dark, he had a widow's
  peak and he was dressed all in black but then so was I, but his black said
  something that mine didn't.  
He was crouching next to a girl who was lying naked on a table, on his knees,
  no more than a few inches away from her, was a man with a video camera. She
  was young this girl, maybe 20, maybe 25 at a push and she was in a very strict
  hogtie. A hogtie so strict that her back was arched. A hogtie that didn't just
  involve the welding together with rope of her ankles and wrists but also included
  her toes and her hair.  
I could appreciate the simplicity and the ingenuity with which it had been
  done and I suspected, from the other people gathered round the small tableau,
  that the man in black had not been the only person involved.  
Off to his right and out of shot of the camera stood a shorter, fatter man
  in jeans and an oxford shirt and even further in the background stood a taller
  woman dressed in black jeans and a black vest that showed off both her tan
  and her muscular torso. She had the biggest breasts I had ever seen in real
  life and a shock of platinum blonde hair. But what she and her fat friend were
  was quite obvious. They were the riggers  
They were the people who did a lot of the off screen tying and who to some
  degree set up the shots. They did it because they were good and because they
  didn't always have the charisma of the front man who could still tie a knot
  but was probably involved in a lot of other things as well.  
There was no doubt that the scene I was watching was intense. The girl was
  young and I guessed that she was relatively inexperienced. She had a couple
  of tattoos, one on her right upper arm in a barbed wire design and the almost
  inevitable inked chain on her left ankle. Her nipples were pierced and so,
  apparently, were her labia. Her fingers and her toenails were painted shiny
  black.  
Her wrists were attached to her ankles with the coarse hemp rope that was
  currently in vogue, which had been popularised by the Internet and the rise
  of Shibari bondage. I preferred soft white cotton rope myself but it had its
  drawbacks. The same hemp rope had been wound around and around each breast
  in a figure of eight configuration to make them stand out purple and plump
  and oh, so sensitive.  
Around her big toes were strips of rawhide that had been plaited together
  and woven into her long dark hair to tighten her obviously supple body into
  a taut arch. The same type of rawhide strips had also been used to fasten her
  labial rings to the back edge of the table and hold them for what they were,
  two flaps of skin, away from her body.  
Her nipple rings were fastened in exactly the same way to the front of the
  table.  
She was in probably the most immobile and most uncomfortable position I had
  ever seen anybody endure and yet she was here of her own free will. The tall
  man was crouching beside her stroking her forehead, whispering to her and then
  he stood up picked up the cane from the table and began to beat it lightly
  against her wide open vagina.  
It wasn't hard but fear played a part in this. Fear of what it MIGHT feel
  like, of what it MIGHT do to her.  
I knew he was experienced; this man in black, this undoubtedly confident
  and charismatic man, but what he did just wasn't for me. I wasn't into this
  kind of bondage and humiliation and pain and risk taking.  
The girl's squeals were becoming more and more agonised and as he beat against
  her most sensitive part tears were starting to brim up over her eyelids and
  run down her cheeks, taking her eyeliner with them.  
Embarrassed for her I looked around the room again and noticed for the first
  time that, contrary to my expectations, the split between men and women was
  almost exactly equal.  
The man on the stage had now moved to the right of the girl, his hand now
  gently touching the top of her bound and discoloured breasts. In his other
  hand he held a large but soft looking red dildo.  
He stooped lower to whisper in her ear.  
"After pain you get pleasure Honey!" He held the dildo in front of her and
  it was obvious that it was already slick with lubricant. He bent lower and
  stroked her cheek.  
"How d'you like this in your cunt huh? How d'you like to feel this sliding
  in an' out of that soaking wet pussy? Huh?"  
At the obscenity the girl closed her eyes and moaned slightly and then did
  her best to nod and as she did so another tear slid wetly down her cheek. The
  man stroked her head.  
"What's up Honey? Cat got your tongue?"  
For the first time I noticed that her tongue was pierced and that around
  that piercing was a thin strip of rawhide that was attached to the front of
  the table. So not only had she been gagged but her tongue had been held immobile
  as well and just for good measure her mouth was held open by a dental clamp.
  A ratcheted dental clamp, the kind dentists used to use to keep their patient's
  mouths wide open when they were under anaesthetic.  
It was the first time I had seen anyone in such a predicament. I'd tied Sheila
  up in some pretty strange ways in the past and The Bishop had taught me a lot
  about the restraining of willing, young and not so young women, but this, at
  the risk of sounding like some kind of Victorian prude, was almost beyond my
  comprehension.  
She was naked and vulnerable in front people of both sexes and she was being
  filmed.  
She was bound at the wrists and at the ankles. Her breasts were bound and
  her nipples, pierced and straining, were tied to the front of the table on
  which she lay none too comfortably, whilst her labial rings were tied in a
  similar way to the rear of the table. Her bare toes were tied together and
  attached to her hair, pulling her back in an arch. Her tongue was being pulled
  and held out of her mouth by a length of rawhide and her mouth was held obscenely
  open by the dental clamp.  
The man whispered once more,  
"I said, "What's up honey? Cat got your tongue?"  
She tried. She really tried to speak. But with her head held rigid and virtually
  any movement impossible without pain of some kind, all she could do was make
  guttural sounds at the back of her throat.  
I was appalled but it didn't stop me having the biggest erection that I could
  remember probably since I was in my teens. My stomach fluttered and I just
  knew my pulse was starting to race. I watched now because I simply couldn't
  look away.  
His voice was low and seductive when he whispered to her again.  
"I want you to get fucked honey, I really do, but there has to be a quid
  pro quo. You know what that means?" All she could do was make little questioning "uh
  huh" noises at the back of her throat, but the obvious fear in her eyes suggested
  that she didn't understand. That would soon change.  
His face ever closer to hers. That voice so low it was almost inaudible  
"See, a quid pro quo means that if I'm gonna do something for you, then you
  gotta do something for me. Understand?"  
He was lightly stroking her bare back. He had put the dildo down earlier
  and his free hand had travelled all over her body, Touching her bare toes,
  Caressing her bound breasts, Soothing itself against her shaved crotch.  
The girl did her best to nod and made a pathetic mewing noise as she did
  it so great was the pain that she was inflicting on herself. He patted her
  head.  
"Good girl! Good girl!"  
And then he was crouching right in front of her and for that moment there
  could have been just the two of them in that room. He stroked her cheek  
"Okay, sweetheart. Now in return for me letting you have the Dildo I want
  you to take two strokes of the cane on your tits for me. Understand?"  
Staring at him, her eyes big and liquid with tears she was silent for a moment
  and then, still looking up at him as best she could, like a trusting pet, she
  croaked out a hesitant,  
"Uh huh!"  
 From the back of what must by now have been a very dry throat. He kissed
  her on the cheek and stood up, cane in hand.  
"Good girl. Good girl."  
 I looked away momentarily and when I looked back the cane was already laid
  across her breasts and he was raising and lowering it, taking aim, lining himself
  up for the perfect shot. "Don't look at me!" He commanded, "Look straight ahead.
  Look straight ahead!"  
She did as she was told and looked straight in front of her, at the cameraman
  on his knees filming every second of this. It wasn't my imagination. She was
  trembling.  
"Look straight in front of you honey!" The swish of the cane turned my legs
  to jelly. He had raised it as far above his head as he could and bought it
  down so hard her breasts wobbled with the impact. She screamed out loud whilst
  I screamed inwardly and he stood beside her impassively. The pain in those
  bound and sensitive breasts must have been enormous.  
She sobbed. She sobbed in a way that wrenched at my stomach but already he
  was setting up his second shot. Tapping the cane against those tortured purple
  breasts. Tapping it exactly on the site of the previous stroke. Exactly on
  the thin angry red line that was already beginning to form there.  
There was absolutely no pitch or resonance in his voice when he spoke. It
  was a dull monotone.  
"Second stroke, honey!"  
Now she broke down  
She shook her head as best she could. She didn't look at him because she
  had had been told not to but she shook her head and cried and cried and cried
  and eventually the single word," No" forced itself out of her throat.  
The platinum haired woman was beside her in a second, stroking her hair,
  whispering in her ear, stroking her back. Comforting her. Calming her. Soothing
  her. Her tormentor studied her and for a second there was almost a look of
  impatience on his face and then it became impassive once more.  
"Okay honey, okay. You know what I said earlier? You don't want the stroke;
  I'll get someone else to take it for you. Would you like that honey?" She nodded
  through the tears, nodded as if her very life depended on it. Even now the
  platinum haired woman was trying to brush the tears away with her fingers and
  the tall man was walking away. Walking away to the back of the set where a
  man and a woman, both dressed in black, were manhandling something. Something
  that moved a lot easier with his help.  
It became obvious what it was as it came into the full glare of the studio
  lighting. It was an ornate wooden chair. It looked like a throne that could
  have come from the back lot of a studio. Mainly wood but seat and back covered
  in red velvet. From the arms and legs protruded large heavy looking cast iron
  manacles and fetters joined by thick black bars.  
Now that the chair was in position the man was already busy with something
  else. Off to the left was a slim wooden cabinet about the size of a grandfather
  clock only this had no face, just two doors held firm by a large padlock. He
  opened the padlock with a key and laid it on the floor, he then reached inside.  
"Okay Honey, you can come out now."  
Guided by him and stumbling into the glare came a creature with the shape
  of a woman. It had to be a woman because she was naked and she had small but
  obvious breasts, shapely hips and a prominent, shaven, mons veneris. Her ankles
  and wrists were joined together with the tough stainless steel manacles that
  they use to transport prisoners in the States.  
 So not only were her ankles cuffed together and her hands cuffed together
  in front of her but both sets of cuffs were joined together by lengths of steel
  chain so that all she could do at best was hobble and the chances of her getting
  away were even less likely because on her head and held tightly in place by
  a posture collar that must have been at least nine inches wide, was a thick
  black rigid mask that covered her entire head leaving her effectively blind,
  deaf and dumb.  
I knew then.  
I knew but it didn't fully enter what I suppose was my still confused mind.  
 It was only when he had unfastened the posture collar, removed the front
  portion of the fibreglass helmet revealing vaguely feminine features covered
  by a blindfold and a harness gag and only when he had taken out the earplugs,
  loosened the harness gag and asked,  
"What's your name baby?" And a voice, an English voice, and a voice that
  I had known for what seemed like an eternity said,  
"My name is Sheila."  
 That the full realisation of what I was about to watch began to truly sink
  in  
*  
She hated being woken up. Her sleep was fragile at the best of times and
  the persistent knocking was annoying her. She was already standing up, marshalling
  sore limbs, when it occurred to her to ask who the hell it was. Her mouth was
  dry and probably smelt like it tasted.  
"Room service!" Was the reply. A heavily New York accented female voice that
  bought images of Jennifer Lopez into her mind. She grabbed the nearest things
  she could find, tracksuit bottoms and a tee shirt.  
It was only after she had opened the door that she realised she'd just fallen
  for the oldest trick in the book.  
She didn't even see them. Something was thrown in her face and a shove sent
  her reeling back into the room. Unbalanced she fell on one knee. Something
  was already being pulled over her head. Something that smelt strongly of leather
  and then her arms were pinioned behind her back and something thin placed round
  her wrists was being pulled tighter and tighter until they were pinned closely
  together.  
Suddenly she realised the predicament she was in. Suddenly she realised that
  she was terrified and as she tried to scream something was being stuffed roughly
  into her mouth stifling her, making her gag against the soft material.  
The tape was inevitable. It clung to the sides of her mouth and snagged her
  hair before the hood was pulled down and sealed around her neck with a tight,
  high collar. She tried to kick but her feet were bare and her ankles were soon
  joined in the way her wrists had been.  
Her pulse was pounding in her ears as she felt herself being lifted up at
  shoulders and ankles and dropped none too gently onto the bed. There was a
  moment of quiet, a moment of relative peace when she could have been anywhere
  other than a New York hotel room and then someone spoke.  
Someone spoke and in one moment she felt the highs and lows of exquisite
  relief and searing anger. Her fists clenched and her toes tightened and tears
  welled up in her eyes as a familiar voice said,  
"Come on! Get her kecks down and let's have a look at her arse!"  
She wriggled as she felt hands at the waistband of her bottoms. She tried
  to mumble something through what she guessed must be the underwear in her mouth
  and then she thought better of it. Knowing whom she was dealing with, she decided
  not to even give them the satisfaction of struggling. Her time would come.  
She felt her trousers being pulled down and then she heard a sharp intake
  of breath from what must have been the other person in the room  
"Christ!"  
And then the other more familiar voice again.  
"Let's have a look&hellip;. Fuck me!"  
"That must be really sore. The last time I saw bruises like that was when
  I did a couple of episodes of Casualty and they weren't even real."  
" Help me turn her over, I wanna see her fanny and her tits!"  
Now she did struggle.  
Now she knew what they were looking for and what they would find, she struggled
  as if her life depended on it. She kicked out and felt her feet drive into
  something soft and heard a muffled noise suggestive of pain. She tried to lash
  out with her pinioned arms but then a hand caught her collar and pressed itself
  against her windpipe and another fastened itself over her mouth. She could
  feel a face close to hers and heard that all too familiar voice rasping in
  her ear, making her flesh crawl and her spine tingle, despite herself.  
"Now do yourself a favour and stop it or I'll cut your air supply all together
  and we'll do this while you're out and don't worry about brain damage 'cos
  your brain couldn't possibly be more damaged than it already is! Are you all
  right Liz? I would come and help but my hands are full at the moment."  
Despite the blinding hood, in her mind was a clear picture of Liz Fisher
  rising, picking herself up from the floor and clutching at her stomach. Then
  she felt the bed sag as someone sat next to her. But even now her ears were
  starting to ring and she wanted to breathe and she tried to but her windpipe
  was too restricted.  
A while ago, a long, long time ago or so it seemed, she would have been scared.
  She tried to suck in air once more and nothing happened. Her arms and legs
  were moving but not of her own volition. She could feel the rush. Helpless
  and powerless, almost totally under someone else's control. She could hear
  sounds; one moment they were very, very, close and then suddenly far, far,
  away  
Involuntarily, she tried to breathe again but still nothing happened. Her
  chest seemed to be on fire. Her toes and fingers throbbed. She could feel every
  part of her body. The aches, the pains, the bruises and the burns, the punctures
  and the wheals. And then she could feel nothing. Nothing apart from the sudden
  gush of wetness between her legs and the explosions of a thousand stars before
  her sightless eyes.  
She only vaguely heard the slap that that cracked across Linda's face, but
  she felt her hands let go immediately afterwards.  
She could hear but not see the surprise and pain in both their voices.  
"Stop it! Stop it right now!"  
"Bollocks! That hurt!"  
"You were doing it again Linda. Your eyes had gone. You were somewhere else," Liz's
  voice lowered, "Don't know where you were but I can guess and it frightens
  me Linda, it really frightens me&hellip; because one day I might not be able
  to stop you." She paused and her voice went lower still, "One day it might
  be me!"  
And then she heard something she had never expected to hear, the sound of
  Linda crying. Not just crying but bawling and she lay there tied and gagged
  and hooded listening to the strongest person she had ever known break down
  in a series of uncontrollable sobs and the tears, the tears that had been welling
  up in her for days and weeks and months, that had recently been tapped to some
  degree but still not allowed to have full reign, began to flow freely.  
Now as she tried to draw breath the gag, not Linda's fingers, hampered her.
  The hood hampered her. Her position hampered her and she began to sob and to
  choke at the same time  
The collar and the hood were off almost as quickly as they had been put on.
  She was looking into Liz's distraught face but it was a different Liz that
  she saw. Certainly not the Liz of six months ago. That Liz had been blonde
  and chubby; this Liz was lean and dark, her hair longer and feathered and designer
  untidy. Linda was nowhere to be seen.  
Sheila looked at her steadily, relief was flooding throughout her body but
  she wasn't going to show it and Liz's expression was stern. She tried to sniff
  back the tears but Liz was pointing an accusing finger.  
"Listen to me! I'm going to take the gag out but I don't want any shit from
  you okay? And I don't care how much you cry 'cos if you knew the tears that
  had been cried over you&hellip;. Oh shit! I sound like a Barry Manilow song!
  Just listen. I'd have left you here to rot, but he's still got a bee in his
  bonnet about you and she was worried, really worried, so do us all a favour
  and don't scream and talk to us like we're human beings for once&hellip;Okay?  
Sheila simply stared at her, wanting to cry all the more but not wanting
  to do it in front of her. Liz reached into a pocket and drew out a pack of
  Marlboro' lites and a lighter. Sheila smiled inwardly. So she was smoking again!  
Liz lit up and inhaled and blew the smoke away from her and Sheila. Surprised
  that she hadn't blown it in her face Sheila continued to stare at her.  
"I'm not fucking about with you Sheila!" The hand not holding the cigarette
  flashed out and pulled up her tee shirt, Liz lowered her head and studied her
  breasts for a few seconds. Then she dropped the tee shirt leaving it rucked
  up over her breasts and stared at her again.  
"Your arse is bruised, your tits are bruised, there's a couple of tiny blisters
  and there's needle marks," She paused and dragged on the cigarette again letting
  the end glow red. Once again her free hand moved. This time it moved downward
  and it only stopped when it was cupping her shaven crotch.  
"There's marks round your fanny and your lips are swollen&hellip;" Not for
  the first time Sheila felt another woman's finger penetrate her slightly sore
  and all the more sensitive vaginal lips but only now was she coming to terms
  with it. Only now was she prepared to admit to herself that it felt good. Only
  now.  
"And you're wet. You're sopping fucking wet and you like it don't you?" Sheila
  remained inscrutable; Liz lowered her head so that she could look into her
  eyes. "What going on with you? Eh?" She slipped in another finger and began
  to move the pair of them gently in and out. She could tell that Sheila really
  wanted to move with her but she stayed stock-still.  
"Someone's abusing you, you're getting off on it and you won't tell us Jack
  Shit!" The fingers slid deeper and Sheila's eyes began to hood over. Liz's
  stare became penetrating, "I'm going to take that gag out in a minute and if
  you don't talk to us&hellip;" She drew deeply on the cigarette once more and
  even as she slowly and deliberately finger fucked her captive she bought the
  cigarette down until it was level with her exposed left nipple. Liz looked
  at her and shrugged,  
"One more burn's not going to make much difference is it?" Sheila tried to
  stay calm, what made it worse was that Liz's fingers were still inside her.
  All those months ago, all that time in captivity, had made her somehow associate
  pleasure with pain. She actually found herself wondering how it would feel.  
Liz's voice was a whisper.  
"You're not the only one who suffered. I had to help her into bed for the
  first three weeks after she came out of hospital. The doctor, the doctor who
  worked in Belfast for six years, said he'd never seen anyone beaten so comprehensively
  before." The cigarette smouldered no more than an inch from her nipple. She
  could feel its warmth.  
Liz put her face even closer to hers.  
"Every PART of her body, every INCH of her flesh, was bruised. There were
  boot marks on her BREASTS!" The cigarette moved closer, the heat raw and potentially
  searing but still her fingers moved slowly and seductively in and out of her
  continually moistening crotch area  
"I've had enough Sheila, not of her but of you! You can't keep ruining people's
  lives. A few bruises on your tits, a couple of blisters, a sore arse&hellip;its
  not enough Sheila. It's just not enough..."  
Her hand didn't seem to move but suddenly her whole breast seemed to be on
  fire. It was worse than clamps and clothespins, much worse. Raw searing heat
  applied straight to the nipple whilst the movement inside her became rougher
  and less rhythmic and then &hellip;  
And then she didn't know whether to be relieved or disappointed as a sharp
  resounding slap knocked the cigarette from her breast and the fingers were
  roughly withdrawn and Linda, a Linda much the same as the old one, as tall
  as ever, dressed entirely in leather as ever, hair shorter, maybe missing few
  pounds, dragged Liz from the bed and held her held her hard against her whilst
  it was her turn to sob and Linda's turn to comfort.  
Sheila could only lay there and watch, her nipple throbbing, the muscles
  in her vagina spasming at the sudden withdrawal, feeling abandoned and unwanted
  and thinking, not for the first time, that she might have been better off if
  she had been left to die on August fifth, almost exactly six months ago.  
*  
Neither of them was particularly gentle with her but Liz found some ice in
  the mini bar, packed it into a towel and applied it to her reddened breast
  whilst Linda brushed the hair out of her eyes and pulled up her tracksuit bottoms
  but neither of them even mentioned untying her.  
The plastic ties were already digging into her ankles and wrists but they
  didn't seem over bothered even now and as Liz applied the makeshift ice pack
  she said,  
"It was mostly hot ash you know, I don't think it'll even blister."  
Linda pursed her lips,  
"Yeah, well I can't talk, but I didn't know how much you&hellip;"  
Liz shrugged,  
"Like I'm gonna tell you! Linda, I really think we ought to take that gag
  out now. If she screams the place down we'll pour the scotch over her and say
  she's drunk like we agreed."  
Linda looked down at the woman she had called her friend for so many years
  and gripped her roughly by the chin.  
"I want answers out of you this time and no fucking about. Bill's as fucking
  stupid as you are. He went looking for you last night we and haven't seen him
  since and I wanna know how you got those bruises and those burn marks, the
  other burn marks, and where the needles come in," She paused and as if to emphasise
  her words she shook Sheila's head roughly, &quot;And if you don't I'm gonna
  beat the shit out of you. Simple as that. Because I've had enough. Because
  I'm tired and I want to stop running round after you and after him&hellip;." Her
  voice tailed off and without ceremony she ripped at the tape around Sheila's
  mouth and pulled out the sodden black panties that had gagged her for so long.  
Sheila pulled a face at the momentary pain as the tape pulled at her hair
  and then she began to work her jaw. In a voice she didn't recognise she asked
  for some water and worked her jaw again.  
Linda's eyes didn't leave hers.  
"Well?"  
"Well what?"  
"Don't fuck around with me Sheila, I've already told you&hellip;!"  
"Well what d'you want to know?"  
Linda couldn't stop herself; she grabbed Sheila by the neck of her tee shirt
  and pulled until their faces were no more than an inch apart.  
"Where is he?"  
Sheila blinked as saliva hit her full in the face  
"I don't know!"  
Linda looked up at Liz. They held each other's gaze for a few seconds and
  then Linda nodded and the unspoken conversation came to an end. Suddenly business
  like Liz sat next to Sheila and grabbed her head. She put one hand over her
  mouth and the other on her forehead whilst Linda pulled up her tee shirt again.  
She slowly reached out a hand and caressed Sheila's right breast. Her hands
  were large and Sheila's breasts were small. She stroked it almost lovingly
  for a few moments, and then she pinched down hard on her nipple. Sheila jerked
  in pain but Liz's hand stifled her yelp.  
Linda studied the soft, shapely breast closely.  
"Bruises, pinches, blisters, blood blisters and needle marks!"  
Sheila was looking at her, even Liz could see that there was an element of
  fear in her eyes but whilst she was looking at Linda she didn't see her right
  hand snake out and pinch down painfully hard on her already sore and burnt
  left nipple.  
Once again Liz's muffling hand stifled her.  
Now Linda was standing up, reaching for her bag, taking something out and
  sitting back down again. In her hand was a small box, Sheila eyed it suspiciously,
  Liz held her head firmly in her grasp.  
"We went shopping yesterday," Linda began conversationally, "Day before we
  did all our clothes shopping. It was nice. No little scrotes running around
  like you get in Wood Green Shopping City or Brent Cross or somewhere like that.
  And yesterday we went to Greenwich Village. They've got a shop there and it
  sells S&amp;M stuff. Exclusively. Not a sex shop. A proper little emporium.
  Sells antique whips, Victorian speculums, TENS units, violet wands, REALLY
  sharp knives, that kinda thing. Really made us welcome. Woman behind the counter
  knew me, which was nice. I whipped the arse off her in some film we made about
  ten years ago. Made us a coffee didn't she Liz? Coffee and muffins and cheesecake,
  proper cheesecake, the stuff that sticks to the roof of your mouth."  
Sheila couldn't see but she got the impression that Liz was smiling and somewhere
  at the back of her mind she wished that she could have been there with them,
  even though she hated cheesecake.  
"Proper coffee. Not the shit you get at home. Whole place smelled of it." She
  looked to the ceiling for a few moments and then seemed to drag herself back
  to reality. She opened the small case in front of Sheila, "See these, these
  were made before they invented disposable needles."  
Sheila looked down and saw a carefully crafted case lined with purple crushed
  velvet in which lay two dozen stainless steel needles the size of Victorian
  hatpins that gleamed in the early morning sunlight. Each one had a kind of
  handle at the end about an inch and a half long that seemed to be made of bone
  and each one seemed to have a very sharp point.  
Linda was taking one out.  
"Now all you gotta do is buy some disposables, get yourself some surgical
  gloves and you're away, but these," She held the needle directly in front of
  Sheila's nose, "These have to be sterilised every time," She paused for a moment
  considering the needle, "Unless you want to risk blood poisoning of course,
  but this is how you should do a PROPER piercing." Sheila was doing her best
  to stay calm.  
Linda was looking over at Liz now.  
"She did say they'd sterilised these when they came in didn't she?" Sheila
  could feel Liz nod, "Mmm, but they've been in the shop awhile." Her gaze fell
  on Sheila once more and her face brightened, "Do you still use mouthwash? You
  should do the way YOU suck cock!" Sheila flushed. Then, as much to herself
  as to anyone else, "'Course you do! I just saw it when I was in the Khazi sorting
  meself out. Well, that's all right then! We can use mouthwash. It'll sting
  a bit but it'll keep it clean."  
Sheila watched in mounting amazement as Linda reached into her bag again,
  drew out a pair of disposable surgical gloves and snapped them onto her well-manicured
  hands and then picked up the needle again.  
Without any warning whatsoever Linda grasped Sheila's breast with her right
  hand and with her left she bought the point of the needle into contact with
  the crinkled side of her nipple. Liz held her firm. One hand on her forehead,
  one over her mouth  
"Move your hand a bit Liz. It's too close to her nose!" She looked into Sheila's
  astonished and fearful eyes. "So you're into pain now are ya?" She tightened
  her grip on Sheila's breast causing her to gasp. "Liz says you need it to bring
  about some kind of catharsis. That it's all to do with being kidnapped and
  beaten and that you need to let go of it all and that the pain is some form
  of spiritual cleansing," She lowered her voice and her face darkened, "She
  also reckons that you hate yourself and that you probably always have!" The
  intensity suddenly went out of Sheila's stare and it appeared that Linda had
  hit a raw nerve.  
" But that's what Liz thinks. Me? I just reckon you're being a cunt as usual,
  but I'll give her theory a try".  
The first Liz knew about it was when Sheila jerked. She tried to move her
  head but Liz held her firm. Held her firm, kept her hand firmly over her mouth
  and shushed her as the needle slowly entered her nipple. She tightened her
  arms around her as if she was holding a child and put her lips to her ear and
  she continued to hold her ever so tightly as she watched the needle begin to
  emerge, still clean and shiny from the other side. And as Linda continued to
  push so she comforted Sheila who lay against her with her eyes closed, her
  ankles and wrists still bound.  
She wanted to speak to her, she wanted to tell her that it would be all right
  and she knew it would because Linda had done piercings before and that, in
  effect, was all this was. She kept trying to tell herself that because of the
  light headed feelings that she was now experiencing. If it was possible she
  hugged Sheila even closer. Her stomach was fluttering and the six inch long
  needle was now perfectly centred in Sheila's right nipple.  
Liz stroked her forehead, terribly aware of the liquid feelings in the lower
  part of her body, aware that her knickers were more than just damp and painfully
  aware that she was now on a hair trigger to orgasm.  
Linda sat back. She regarded Liz steadily.  
"Okay?" afraid to speak, all Liz could do was nod, "Take your hand away from
  her mouth, I think she'll talk to us now she's come!" Almost reluctantly Liz
  moved her hand and she realised that Linda was staring at her and eventually
  she spoke.  
"I know you like to switch Liz but I'd be careful about topping someone too
  soon." She rubbed her chin thoughtfully, "it's alright liking it, that's what
  it's all about, but you can't afford to get carried away." Liz was still cradling
  Sheila in her arms and Linda picked up the sodden panties that had previously
  been her gag. She eyed them thoughtfully,  
"These are probably dryer than yours right now!" Liz flushed. Linda lowered
  her voice and leaned forward and touched her cheek. "Don't worry it IS okay
  to be turned on by someone else's pain, you just have to be careful, that's
  all and under normal circumstances I'd sort you out but we have to look after
  Sleeping Beauty here."  
She lowered her eyes for a second and then she did something she had never
  done before. She put two fingers to her lips and then pressed them against
  Liz's own.  
"You really care about me Liz!" There was a momentary catch in her voice, "And
  I've been too busy worrying about meself and about HER&hellip; and HIM to even
  notice." She looked down at the floor as if she was preparing herself to say
  something very difficult, then she looked up, regarded Liz awkwardly and said
  slowly "And I care as well, about you, I mean."  
Liz smiled, they both smiled. And then they both looked at Sheila still apparently
  unconscious in Liz's arms. Anxiously Liz said,  
"Do you think we've really hurt her?"  
 Linda shook her head.  
"I wrapped the gloves in a pad of local anaesthetic and made sure I rubbed
  them all over her tit and her nipple The expectation was what done her, that
  and coming in her pants of course. She always was a bit of pain slut but, like
  everything else, she wouldn't admit to it."  
Sheila's eye's flicked open. She looked down at the needle that still protruded
  from her nipple, looked up at Liz who was still holding her and then over at
  Linda, turning her gaze back to the needle she said quietly, her voice croaky
  and unsteady.  
"I can't believe you've done this!"  
Linda reached out and touched her breast lightly.  
"Looks like you've had a lot worse than that recently. You've had your tits
  caned and your arse caned, your back's been systematically whipped, I'm sure
  your nipples have been clamped and your clit's so swollen I'd say it's been
  in a vacuum pump and that's apart from the fag burns! This," She touched the
  needle that protruded from her breast gently, " is nothing compared to all
  that and I've got a little gold sleeper for you to put in it while it heals.
  'Bout time you had a bit of body jewellery, specially if you're gonna join
  the S&amp;M crowd."  
"Who said&hellip;"? She began weakly.  
Linda glowered at her  
"Who said? Bill said that's who!" She lowered her voice and looked directly
  at Sheila. "I thought I was fucked up after all that shit," Uncharacteristically
  she raised her hand and touched Sheila lightly on the cheek, "And you've always
  been fucked up in one way or another," Sheila stared at her blankly, "But he's
  off his face. We were due to be here anyway, Liz had to spy out some locations
  for some cop show they're shooting in the summer and I came with her 'cos I
  had some business to do and then we run into HIM because he's followed YOU
  'cos he's heard via The Bishop that you're mixed up with a mob called SAM.COM
  who do live torture shows on the web and so he sets off to save ya!"  
Liz was still letting Sheila lean against her. She touched her bound hands  
"And now he's missing!" She said quietly  
Sheila looked down at her rumpled tracksuit bottoms and then up at Linda.  
"Are you going to untie me?" Linda shook her head  
.  
"NO! I don't trust ya!"  
Sheila sighed and shook her head; when she spoke again her voice was a mixture
  of weariness, sadness and disappointment.  
"You always were a fucking drama queen Linda. These people I'm &quot;mixed
  up" with, they're actually called S&amp;M dot COM and they're run by a guy
  called Bob Jay who's one of the nicest people I've ever met!"  
Linda looked at her in disbelief,  
"And he does that to you, does he? Must be a really nice bloke."  
Sheila stared her down,  
"This from the woman who's just stuck a needle in my tit!&quot;  
"He's done a lot worse!"  
If her hands had not been tied Liz was quite certain that Sheila would have
  taken a swing at Linda.  
"Can't you understand, that he does these things to me BECAUSE I WANT HIM
  TO!  
BECAUSE I'VE SIGNED A CONTRACT SAYING THAT HE CAN! AND BEFORE YOU GET WORRIED
  ABOUT YOUR PRECIOUS FUCKING BILL I'D TRY LOOKING FOR THE TART WITH THE ENORMOUS
  TITS AND BLEACHED FUCKING HAIR THAT HE GOT OFF WITH LAST NIGHT. DO YOU UNDERFUCKINGSTAND?"  
Liz looked anxiously at Linda and Linda looked blankly out of the window
  while Sheila looked from one to the other not sure whether she wanted to laugh
  or cry.  
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
Sent 25/06/04  
RESURRECTION   
(PART TWO)   
BY WALLACE   
Warning: This story contains descriptions of electrical
      torture, extreme mummification and strong language.   
Resurrection;(n). - Resurgence, revival. Rebirth   
I had never, ever hit Sheila. There were times when she had hit me and there
  were times, when she had been particularly arrogant or annoying, that I had
  visualized doing her some kind of cartoon violence, like hitting her with a
  huge imaginary frying pan and watching her slide, resonating, flattened and
  Wily Coyote like to the floor.  
True, there were times when I had tied her up and she had cussed me off and
  I had either spanked her like the impossible, forty year old child that she
  sometimes was or else I had tickled her to the point of insanity. She had a
  couple of safe words, "Stop it you cunt!" being neither of them but she had
  never used them.  
I had suffered mightily afterwards on the occasion that she laughed so hard
  that she peed herself but I had never inflicted more pain on her than she could
  cope with and if I had, I would soon have known about it.  
And now I stood and watched her being fastened naked to a chair, knowing
  that it was being filmed, suspecting that it was also being fed live onto the
  internet, feeling my stomach churning and the anger rising and still, incomprehensibly,
  feeling so strongly aroused that I didn't know what to do with myself.  
They kept her blindfolded which was probably a good thing all round but she
  seemed calm and composed as the tall man in black helped her sit down, taking
  the opportunity to briefly fondle her bottom and then gently caress her left
  breast as he did so.  
If it had been me doing the fondling and the caressing she would have baulked,
  I know she would. She would have told me to "Fuck off and just try doing that
  when I'm not bloody helpless!" which I did of course, quite often without being
  physically attacked but with him she did not say a word, in fact there was
  the hint of a smile beneath the blindfold and a slight movement suggesting
  Goosebumps, but pleasant ones, as he eased her down onto the sumptuous seat.  
He settled her comfortably into the chair and then picked up her relaxed
  limbs one by one as if she were some kind of puppet. The cast iron manacles
  were angled up and away from the arms of the ornate chair and joined together
  by a black iron cross bar. He whispered something to her as he offered up her
  right wrist to the first manacle and she nodded as he then closed it snugly
  in place and fastened it with a large old-fashioned padlock  
The fetters were set up in much the same way, sticking out at an angle from
  the chair legs and joined once again by a black cross bar. They closed tightly
  around her bare ankles and once the right wrist was finally in place Sheila
  was effectively immobile.  
This was not enough for her captor however, for even now he was fixing a
  high iron collar around her neck that would keep her inexorably bound to the
  chair. The collar was thickly padded inside, but no amount of work can keep
  cast iron completely smooth.  
He was whispering to her again  
"Now you know all about this sweetheart, so just keep your head up all the
  time. Okay?"  
I could not keep my eyes off her but even so her nod was almost imperceptible.
  He patted her manacled hand and moved to the front of the stage. Looking down,
  it was pretty obvious that he was not only talking to camera but also marshalling
  his thoughts at the same time.  
"Okay, now we've got a young lady with us today who's only going to be here
  for a short while. So, as you can guess, we want to inflict the maximum amount
  of pain on her before she leaves and she's from England, the place where I
  went to College." He looked directly into the camera, "Jeez! It's so hard to
  get people from this country to appear we're having to fly 'em in from London
  now!" there was a ripple of genuine laughter in the room and he used that to
  move over to where the naked Sheila was fastened, still blindfolded.  
He touched her hand briefly and inside me a feeling rose to the surface that
  was both recognizable and stupid.  
Jealousy.  
He moved behind her, put his hands on both her breasts and squeezed and then
  caressed them gently.  
"Mmm, these are nice! What was that phrase you came out with the other day
  baby?" Sheila didn't even flinch.  
"More than a handful's a waste." she said quietly but confidently and they
  both smiled.  
"That's it! And these certainly ain't going to waste!" suddenly the riggers
  were on either side of her. If this wasn't live then I suspected that the film
  would be edited at this point. I watched them work, they knew exactly what
  they were doing and they were quick, very quick.  
In a matter of seconds they were screwing wooden nipple clamps onto her sensitive
  breasts. Similar to an old-fashioned garlic press they had one major difference:
  attached to the part that would clamp down on her breast were thick copper
  wires.  
The man in black was kneeling down beside her now as the clamps were screwed
  firmly into place on her nipples.  
"Breathe out now baby! That's good!" but Sheila looked firmly in control.
  Probably more in control than I had ever seen her before.  
Clamps in place, the riggers bent down momentarily and then reappeared each
  holding small, flat, metal clamps attached to more copper wire, which, without
  preamble, they attached to the lobes of her ears. The man in black, meanwhile,
  had picked up a coil of hemp rope. Talking more to Sheila than to his audience
  he began to unwind it.  
"Y'know I'd normally do this first but these," he cupped each breast enthusiastically, "look
  too good to be left alone!" and with that he began to wind the rope tightly
  around and around each breast forming a figure of eight pattern.  
Soon her breasts were sticking out proudly from her body. I watched them
  change colour from pink to red to livid purple and I watched her captive nipples
  darken and engorge and swell. But still she gave no sign that she was in any
  discomfort.  
The riggers had moved down to her bare feet now and she reflexively wriggled
  her red polished toes as they pressed sticky electrodes onto her soles and
  held them there with strips of gaffer tape. Job done they then wound rawhide
  strips around each of her big toes and bound them, tautly and efficiently,
  to the lower legs of the throne on which she sat, a naked, captive, queen without
  a crown.  
Satisfied that her breasts were bound to his satisfaction, the man in black
  dropped to his knees and ran his fingers across her bare toes. He looked up
  into her sightless face.  
"These are SO pretty!" For the first time I saw Sheila flinch slightly. Her
  feet and toes had always been sensitive. He was still looking up at her," What
  I'd like to do, What I'd really like to do is," and he took what appeared to
  be a small straw and began to run it across and under and in between her toes, "tie
  these little guys together. Tie them nice and tightly with leather so they're
  welded and you can't move 'em an inch." I finally realised what he was doing
  as I saw Sheila's head move just slightly against the tight, restraining metal
  collar and the ghost of a nervous smile appear briefly on her face.  
He was breaking her down slowly. Coming in under her defences. Stroking her,
  soothing her, taking her down, preparing her for what was to come but to give
  her her due at the moment she was defending herself magnificently from what
  was an almost indefensible position.  
I'd seen some of the DVD's and videos that had been made whilst she was in
  captivity, they'd been on the open market for a while but DI Emma Bannion,
  the Investigating Officer and, I suppose, one of the sticking points in our "partnership",
  had never let me see them all, in an effort, I suspect, to protect both of
  us.  
Nowadays I was in no position to talk to Sheila about it either because if
  our relationship had been strained before, it was now fair to say that it had
  gone beyond breaking point.  
 But I knew she had suffered.  
She had avoided being raped, that much I also knew. Or at least she had avoided
  being raped by a human being but I knew that she had been tied up and penetrated
  over and over again by a machine and that was almost, if not just as bad.  
Basically a motor with an arm that moved backward and forward with a large
  dildo attached to one end, she had been tied down and gagged, her legs held
  wide open and despite her struggles the lubricated dildo end of it had been
  pushed inside her and she had been fucked relentlessly, remorselessly and without
  feeling until her muffled cries, screams and sobs proved too much even for
  the bastard who had been filming her.  
A bastard who had once been our friend.  
I'd hit the copper who thought it was funny when we found the place where
  she'd been kept and the machine that she'd been tied to but by then I'd also
  killed somebody as well.  
Killed one of the bouncers guarding the place with his own gun to save someone
  else and suffered every day since wondering if now I'd killed once I'd find
  it easy or easier to kill again.  
 Wondering, believe it or not, if I really would suffer, in the event that
  there actually WAS an afterlife, the fate of the damned.  
 Feeling, sometimes, when I woke up in the middle of the night, the blood
  still on my face and the tiny spatters of brain that hit me immediately after
  I had squeezed the trigger.  
Wondering if I would ever be able to have a normal relationship with the
  people around me again. If they would all look at me as if I were some kind
  of psychopath, which was how Sheila now regarded me.  
"Okay now we've never done this before!" I was back in the here and now watching
  the man in black plying his trade, " Now this is what I'm going to call the
  Q and A section. It's a bit like David Letterman but with more pain."  
Part of me liked this man and part of me hated him. He was a professional,
  he undoubtedly had charisma and he knew his job. But there were other things.
  The way he was getting on with Sheila being obviously one but there were other
  things as well.  
He was on his knees again. In his right hand he now held what looked like
  a small grease gun and I watched in amazement as he moved the gun towards Sheila's
  darkly puffy and exposed labia.  
"This is gonna feel cold!" he warned as he applied not grease but a gelatinous
  clear substance to the area around the entrance to her vagina and then, with
  no more than a murmur from Sheila he was easing what must have been the cold,
  hard nozzle of the grease gun inside.  
She remained silent and still as, to my mounting horror, the platinum haired
  woman with the pneumatic breasts bent down also and eased a rubber gloved finger
  gently inside the woman I loved or used to love or something.  
Sheila always complained bitterly when another woman touched her.  
 Afterwards.  
 Yet the opportunities to be so touched always seemed to present themselves
  in one way or another. She remained impassive now as the attractive, tanned
  and impossibly built woman penetrated her gently and almost lovingly.  
But what really made the bile rise to my throat, what really made my pulse
  race and start to throb in my ears was when the man in black, now wearing surgical
  gloves, squatted back down next to the platinum blonde and replaced her finger
  with two of his own.  
Still Sheila didn't flinch but her jaw dropped a little.  
"How's that baby? D'you like that? D'you want more? How does that "stiff
  upper lip" feel when it's got a coupla stiff little fingers inside it huh?" I
  almost laughed but I dragged myself back from the brink and Sheila would have
  laughed too if she wasn't too involved in just trying to hump herself a little
  against those all pervasive fingers.  
There was a big grin on the man's face now,  
"S'allright baby, you can moan, we're all very relaxed about pleasure here!" once
  again there was a smattering of laughter in the assembled crowd.  
The platinum woman had moved behind Sheila and was now attaching something
  to both the chair and her. I couldn't quite see at first but she was whispering
  to Sheila as she pulled a kind of makeshift hairnet made of discarded panty
  hose over her hair and then snapped something into place behind her which she
  then lowered onto her head.  
It was a metal skullcap with wires attached that fit snugly to her scalp,
  made her look strangely bald and also held her head tightly to the chair. Sheila
  was now completely immobile, her limbs sticking out and rigid. Her feet bound,
  her head held tightly at neck and skull.  
Much to my intense annoyance the tall man was still finger fucking her. Slowly
  and easily. Squirting, with the other hand, even more lubricant into her. Making
  his fingers even slicker. Lubricating her soft, sensitive tunnel even more.  
She held back for as long as she could but even Sheila was human. The first
  little groan and moan was so innocent, so real that I wanted to&hellip; to
  be quite honest at that moment I didn't really know what I wanted to do but,
  my stomach felt uneasy, I felt generally light-headed and more to the point
  my erection was throbbing uncomfortably in underpants that suddenly felt far
  too small. A problem made considerably worse by the fact that for some reason
  the platinum blonde had now stepped down from the stage and was standing next
  to me.  
 So close that I could smell her.  
She smelt clean, that freshly bathed smell you get from some bath oils and
  yet somewhere there was this vague smell of fresh sweat. I know women aren't
  supposed to perspire but this one obviously did under the hot lighting and
  it was remarkably arousing.  
The man in black withdrew his fingers gently and stood up to admire his handiwork.  
"How d'you feel honey?" To me this question was a two edged sword. He was
  good but he also had an audience. If she said she was fine it was like she
  was laying down the gauntlet, challenging him to make sure that she wouldn't
  be fine for too long. She couldn't see what he was doing, she couldn't see
  the impossibly large vibrator that he was liberally lubricating and she couldn't
  see him hunkering down in front of her once more.  
In a voice that sounded just slightly bewildered she said,  
"Yes, I feel okay, BJ, but I don't know how long it'll last!"  
I couldn't believe my ears. I had never heard Sheila come out with a simple
  honest statement like that before and then I realised something else.  
 BJ!  
Short for blowjob and also short for Bob Jay, which was this guy's real name
  or at least the name he ran this place under. Probably not his real name at
  all. I could feel the anger rising within me once again  
 Openly laughing, he reached out and tickled a bare foot.  
"Hey baby, you ain't coming to no harm, but you might just have to sing for
  your supper for a while!" and this time there wasn't even a hint of movement.
  Not because she wasn't capable but because she seemed to have maybe centred
  herself and calmed herself and &hellip;well I just don't know what because
  this was a Sheila I had never seen before and didn't seem to have much knowledge
  of.  
My thoughts went back to the young girl before her. The one who was still
  in a hogtie behind her. She had been scared, nervous, petrified even and a
  lot more besides that and it was hardly surprising. Naked in front of an audience,
  being filmed, totally helpless, pain, pleasure, embarrassment, you name it&hellip;but
  Sheila, Sheila seemed to be taking it all in her stride. Sure there were nerves
  but right now she sat there as calmly as anyone could under the circumstances
  and gave Bob or whatever his name really was pretty much as good as she got.  
Verbally at least.  
And now he was offering the vibrator up to her well-lubricated labia  
And even when she felt it, soft and rubbery against her most intimate place,
  she still didn't demur.  
"Push for me baby. Push against it! Good girl!" he penetrated her slowly
  and very gently," Feel nice huh! Wondering what it's gonna be like to have
  that buzzing away inside ya? That is ONE big cock sweetheart!" He looked around
  the room for a moment his gaze falling on people he obviously knew, " Biggest
  you're gonna get round here anyway!" and once again laughter rippled around
  the room  
I felt myself flushing and the anger welling up inside me again. If he did
  or said something to her that sparked off memories of six months ago&hellip;but
  then I found myself wondering what the hell she was doing here in the first
  place.  
When all this had first come up, when I had first got the phone call from
  Lady Heather about Sam. COM, Liz had come up with a theory about purging. About
  how Sheila needed to do this to rid herself of what had happened and that she
  needed to do it in an environment where she would feel safe but free to do
  and have done to her what she wanted, what she needed to purge herself of all
  that had gone before.  
It sounded pretty radical at the time but standing here now in this disused
  New York warehouse I was beginning to wonder just how far it really was from
  the truth.  
"Okay sweetheart, you ready for a little Q and A?" BJ's voice bought me back
  to reality. Sheila smiled.  
"As ready as I'll ever be!"  
"Okay!" Sounding for all the world like Jerry Springer opening one of his
  shows, Bob looked directly to camera, "Now let's just explain what's going
  on here. I've got a pair of TENS units over there and they're connected to
  you and your chair. Your ELECTRIC Chair!" He eased himself from the stage and
  walked over to the control desk that I had seen on the way in. He picked up
  some papers that the girl in the crimson jump suit handed to him, glanced down
  at them and walked thoughtfully back to the stage.  
"Right here I've got some questions that the people out there have been asking
  about you. And the person best qualified to answer those questions is&hellip;you,
  yourself. So I'm going to ask and you're going to answer but if we think you're
  lying&hellip;then you're gonna get a shock! Simple as that! Any problems?" Sheila,
  this new Sheila remained passive. The old Sheila, if she had been capable of
  seeing would probably have given him a LOOK but the new Sheila simply said
  quietly,  
"No. No problems at all." He either needed more confirmation or he just needed
  to drive home to both the audience and her exactly how vulnerable she was.
  He moved closer to her, so close that he could touch her lightly on the shoulder  
"You realise that I can shock you anywhere?" she nodded and he touched each
  part of her as he mentioned it, "I can shock your feet. I can shock you through
  this metal cap on your head, I can shock you through those pretty little ear
  rings I've got stuck on your earlobes, I can shock your tits and I can even
  shock your cunt!" he let this sink in for a while and then he touched her bare
  abdomen and whispered in her ear, "there's a couple of little electrodes attached
  to that big mother fucking vibe that's inside you right now!" she didn't seem
  concerned and she just continued to stare sightlessly out into the rest of
  the warehouse. She looked so appealing right there and then, naked and vulnerable,
  strapped to that chair. That electric chair. So vulnerable and yet somehow
  so strong.  
"D'you understand just what you've got yourself into now, honey?"  
 She nodded her head as best she could.  
"Yes! I understand." It was him who was responsible for the sudden intake
  of breath, not her.  
"Okay. First question. What is your name?" simple enough  
"My name is Sheila."  
"And where are you from?  
"I'm from England. London." No problems so far but this was going to be pretty
  boring if it carried on like this  
"Have you ever taken drugs?" Oh no it wasn't! . Sheila hesitated, "Answer
  the question please." She quickly recovered.  
"No! Never." He watched her for a few moments; there was tension and anticipation
  in the air. He waved the papers in his hand,  
 "Okay we'll come back to that later. How old are you?" happy she was on
  firmer ground she replied smoothly.  
"Thirty nine!" the lying cow! She was forty coming up forty-one but she didn't
  look it. At least I now knew one thing; the old Sheila hadn't been completely
  erased. There was a long pause.  
"You're thirty nine?"  
"Yes I am!" another pause. An even longer one  
"Well I have to say, Sheila, that it takes a lot for someone to come here
  and admit that in front of all these people. I'd have thought your were thirty
  five at the most!"  
Smarmy bastard!  
 "Okay, here's another: have you ever stolen anything?"  
"Yes!" I looked at her in surprise.  
"You have?"  
"Yes I have!"  
"And did you do it offen?"  
"Twice."  
"Would you like to elaborate?"  
"Once when I was twelve. I was with some other kids and we took it in turns
  to pinch sweets from the corner shop."  
"And the other time.  
"I was fifteen. I wanted to go out and I didn't have enough money so I took
  some from my mother's purse."  
"And how much did you take?"  
"Ten pounds."  
"Ten pounds. Let's see, that's about fifteen dollars, right?" she nodded
  and that was when she made her first mistake."  
"I can't hear you!" no longer was he the jovial chat show host suddenly he
  was her inquisitor.  
"Yes." He shook his head  
"No, no! "Yes" isn't good enough! Now in future, when you answer, I want
  you to say "Yes Sir", understand?"  
"Yes Sir!" the reply was immediate and unhesitating. I was dumbfounded. Sheila
  calling someone sir? Sheila doing as she was told? So many emotions were running
  through me right then that I didn't know what to do. I was jealous. I was angry,
  and I was so, so aroused by it all. There was a long silent pause as Judge
  BJ considered his verdict.  
"Okay. Well, stealing is unforgivable. Were you ever caught?"  
"Not for the sweets&hellip;" his tone altered again.  
" Now I've told you once that you have to say "Yes Sir" and "No Sir" at the start
of each sentence, so now every time you don't I'm gonna punish you. Okay?"   
"Yes Sir."  
"Good girl." I noticed out the corner of my eye that the girl in the scarlet
  jump suit had left the control desk and was seating herself at a small table
  just to the right of the chair on which Sheila sat. "Okay, now I'm sorry Honey
  'cos you know I'd be lenient with you but I'm afraid that justice has just
  been taken out of my hands. Hi Princess!"  
The girl in scarlet raised a hand,  
"Hey BJ!"  
"Sheila, say "Hi" to Princess Maria because she's your judge and jury now.
  I'm gonna ask the questions so you still say "Yes Sir" and "No Sir" but she's
  gonna press the buttons, she's gonna shock you, honey and I know she's got
  an itchy trigger finger. All right sweetheart?" smoothly, more smoothly than
  I could have imagined Sheila said  
"Yes sir. Hello Princess Maria." The attractive dark haired Princess who
  was a good twelve years younger than Sheila smiled,  
"Hello Sheila. In future when you talk to me you will refer to me as Mistress.
  Do you understand?"  
"Yes Mistress." Princess Maria was visibly impressed.  
"Good girl!" but her interrogator was impatient for the off.  
"Okay Sheila, so you're thirty nine, you're from London and you've stolen
  in the past is all that true?" she looked straight ahead of her. So naked and
  so vulnerable  
"Yes Sir!"  
"Do you think you deserve to be punished for stealing those sweets?"  
"Yes Sir!" he stared at her in obvious surprise.  
"Good answer. Good answer. What do you think Princess?" the Princess had
  already made her decision and Sheila's toes twitched as the electricity coursed
  through the soles of her feet for a good ten seconds. She pursed her lips but
  otherwise there was little movement.  
"Okay. Now do you think she is now purged of her sin Princess?" the Princess
  smiled.  
"No. You can't be purged until you've screamed and let it all out. Isn't
  that right Sheila?" it was an impossible question that Sheila did her best
  with.  
"Yes Mistress, it's got something to do with the cleansing of your fifth
  chakra, the one in your throat." I think that foxed everybody especially me.
  As a rule, Sheila's idea of spirituality was not saying "bollocks" in church,  
"Do you scream often?" asked The Princess imperiously.  
"I can only remember screaming once in my adult life Mistress!" and suddenly
  BJ was squatting next to The Princess and whispering something frantically
  in her ear.  
He knew!  
He had to know and if I was right and my prayers were answered he was telling
  her not to go there.  
The expression on Princess Maria's face changed drastically.  
"Okay Sheila what say we take a little trip around your body, shock everything
  you've got and see how you do! Would you like that?" Another impossible question.
  With a certain amount of trepidation in her voice Sheila said,  
"Yes Mistress." My attention was distracted by a sudden noise. Rain was beating
  against the blacked out windows on the right wall. I looked back to the little
  tableau before me, still very much aware that the platinum blonde was standing
  very close to me and also aware that she was watching me quite a lot of the
  time.  
I'd seen what TENS units could do to people and generally it was the fear
  and anticipation that freaked them out more than the actual pain. Electricity
  does funny things to the body. It stimulates muscles, makes them twitch and
  act strangely and of course there's the jolt but it's mainly the strange reactions
  that frighten people.  
 I knew that, a long, long time ago, Linda had "tried out" one of her new
  units on an apparently unsuspecting Sheila but it was a taboo subject. Linda
  would grin if it was mentioned and tell me to "ask her" but "her" was never
  prepared to talk about it.  
Rumour in the form of our one time friend Sarah had it that Linda had tied
  Sheila to the bed on some pretext or other, attached the electrodes to her
  labia and growing tired of her wriggling and shouting, she had gagged her with
  her knickers and then put the sticky little pads directly on her clitoris after
  exposing it with some tape. Sarah also claimed that Sheila had come continuously
  for about ten minutes. But I knew that Sarah had problems with Sheila and,
  I suppose, with me as well to be fair, because she'd once tried to talk me
  into having sex with her shortly after finding me ill at home when Sheila was
  away.  
So I treated it mainly for what it was &ndash; rumour.  
But rumour or not, I had the feeling that where this form of play was concerned
  Sheila might not exactly be a virgin.  
"That skull cap you're wearing, it's got electrodes that should be in touch
  with your forehead. Can you feel them?" I was back in that New York warehouse
  again, one hand in my pocket the other brushing against the hand of Miss Platinum
  who felt like she wanted to become my identical twin.  
"Yes Mistress!"  
"I'm going to shock your head, your ears, your tits, your feet and your cunt
  in roughly that order. But first you must ask me to shock you and each time
  I do, you must say "Thank you Mistress" do you understand?" there was no hesitation,
  in fact, I thought I noticed a faint smile as if she were on a path that she
  had trodden before.  
"Yes Mistress, I understand" a slight pause, "would you please shock me?" I
  couldn't see her eyes close because she was blindfolded but I did hear a sharp
  breath and saw the corners of her mouth turn up. All in all it seemed to go
  on for about twenty seconds then her face relaxed again.  
"Thank you Mistress!"  
"You're welcome!" Sheila quickly recovered her composure. She knew what she
  had to do.  
"Would you please shock me again Mistress?" A slight cry, no more than a
  muffled "aaaaah", escaped her lips as the clips attached to her earlobes were
  electrified. Her face taut but otherwise calm this shock must have lasted for
  something like thirty seconds.  
 The sight of this young and attractive girl dominating the experienced older
  woman, and this was the first time I had ever thought of her in those terms,
  was having a pretty devastating effect on me. Rubbing the side of his nose
  thoughtfully BJ walked into shot holding a small box in his hand. Sniffing
  a little, Sheila spoke first.  
Thank you Mistress," Princess Maria inclined her head graciously.  
"You're welcome!" Sheila took a deep breath.  
"Would you please shock me again Mistress." Princess Maria put her head to
  one side.  
"I think in future you'll have to tell me where you want to be shocked. Can
  you remember where it's due next?"  
"Yes Mistress. On my tits Mistress!" the last few words were said almost
  breathlessly. The woman next to me grazed her hand against mine and for a moment
  we looked at each other as if we were both thinking the same thing. I looked
  away quickly. Before sentence could be carried out BJ intervened.  
"Okay, well I like to think that it's not all pain at Sam.COM and since you've
  been a very good subject so far and answered all our questions I think it's
  time we gave you a little pleasure. What d'you think about that honey?"  
" Thank you Sir!" the voice said one thing but the visible face said something
  else.  
"Okay this has five speeds. We'll start you on number two just to warm that
  pussy up a little!" The vibrator starting up inside her probably caused her
  to jolt more than the shocks had done so far. Her head and toes twitched and
  her whole body tensed. She took several deep breaths, one after the other and
  let them out as slowly as she could and then she stifled a little cry. The
  Princess decided it was her turn to speak,  
"Ask me to shock your tits! Tell me you want me to!" Things were starting
  to get hectic. BJ was handing the vibrator's control box over to The Princess
  and picking up a cane. My blood froze. Sheila seemed to have her feelings under
  control again. But there was an edge to her voice.  
"Please would you shock my tits for me Mistress." I was watching Princess
  Maria and I saw her finger jab down on a black button, "I want you to shock
  my aaaaaaaaaaaah, I &hellip; want &hellip;you &hellip;to &hellip;please&hellip;shock&hellip;my
  tits&hellip;Mistress aaaaaaaaah!" forty seconds this time.  
"Turn the vibe up to three!" BJ's voice, no more than a low monotone. Sheila
  still had a duty to perform.  
"Thank you Mistress! Would you please shock my cunt?" Her teeth were clenched
  and a single tear ran from under the padded leather blindfold and down her
  left cheek. I guessed she had fifty seconds coming this time. In fact they
  gave her a minute and it's a minute that I will never forget.  
 Sheila screamed for the whole sixty seconds, whether from pain or pleasure
  or a mixture of both I will never know but scream she did.  
I watched with disbelief as Bob Jay walked over to her and tapped the cane
  lightly on her clamped, roped and purple breasts,  
"Okay baby how d'you feel?" she was sniffing and gasping for breath. I guessed
  that there were a lot more tears under that blindfold.  
"Yes Sir&hellip; I'm Okay!&hellip; Thank you Sir." I couldn't believe it.
  I couldn't believe that this was Sheila and I couldn't believe that they were
  doing this to her. I knew the vibrator was still running because she was trying
  to shift in her seat, I could also see her lips pursing from time to time.
  The inquisition continued  
"Now honey I asked you about drugs earlier and you said you'd never taken
  them, is that right?"  
"That's right!" she stopped to sniff back more tears, "I've never taken drugs&hellip; in
  my life!" that was the moment when everything went wrong. Bob raised his arm,
  the arm she couldn't see,  
"Wrong answer! If you don't call me "Sir" you get punished!" and in one blinding
  flash the cane crashed down on her vulnerable helpless breasts and she gave
  the most agonised yelp I'd ever heard in my life followed by a series of choking
  sobs and the next thing I knew I was on that stage, the cane was in two pieces
  on the floor and Bob was hitting the near wall with all the force of the right
  hander that I'd managed to land square on his chin. I was moving in for the
  second when my arm was grabbed and wrenched behind me and a voice in my ear
  said,  
"I think you and I need to chill!" and before I knew it I was being dragged
  from the warehouse by a woman whose every muscle looked bigger than any of
  mine and out into the freezing New York night.  
It was only then that I fully realised what I'd just done. I tried to pull
  away but the platinum haired body builder pushed me against a wall,  
"Where ya going?"  
"I er..."  
"Well ya certainly can't go back in there!" I was breathing hard and she
  hadn't even broken sweat.  
"Look I'm sorry I erm&hellip;"  
"Is it at all possible for you people to speak a WHOLE sentence or have you
  got some kinda speech impediment over there?" I laughed even though there didn't
  seem too much to laugh about right then and her face softened, "Look, you idiot,
  she's okay. Who do you think comes up with a lot of these routines?" I stared
  at her and shrugged  
"I don't know!" she sighed,  
"The girls do! We do! I've done it before but I've also got a talent for
  tying knots!" she gave me a sly wink.  
I suddenly realised where we were. In a tatty New York alley that smelt badly
  of piss. There was a backdrop of sounds mainly floating sirens and Hip Hop
  from a bar across the street. She saw me looking around.  
"Yeah, ain't the best place to be right now is it? Oh and that shit you came
  out with earlier to the Princess?" I remembered speaking to Maria earlier in
  the day, telling her that The Bishop had asked me to take a look at their set
  up because he was considering doing something similar. I nodded.  
"Well The Bishop had already phoned me. I used to work with him a coupla
  years ago, so we knew you were coming and WHY you were coming. That's why I
  kept Sheila blindfolded but we told her you were likely to be there and she
  still wanted to do it."  
"Fuck him!" she looked at me inquisitively.  
"Pardon me?"  
"Is that what she said? Fuck him?"  
"No it wasn't. She said something like "well I'd better be on my best behaviour
  then!" I nodded sadly.  
"Mmm, pity I wasn't!" she nodded back  
"Yeah, well Bob doesn't usually allow boyfriends 'cos of the trouble they
  cause," she grinned hugely, "thought you might be old enough to know better!"  
"So did I!" she grinned again.  
"Wanna beer?"  
"Where?" she looked up at the cloudy night sky  
"Well I don't live too far from here but we have to walk across the Park!" I
  looked at her, all tan and rippling muscles and other things and the thought
  of the Park didn't seem so daunting.  
"What about your coat?" I said  
"Never wear 'em!" and she grinned, grabbed my hand and we both walked back
  towards Central Park.  
*  
The hotel was gradually coming to life once more. Liz looked at her watch.
  It was just eight fifteen and they had to be away soon. In a surprisingly calm
  voice Sheila said,  
"Are you two EVER going to untie me or am I being kidnapped again?" it struck
  a nerve in Liz and the realisation of what they had actually done finally sunk
  in.  
Still sitting behind her, still with a protective arm around her, she said,  
"No! Course not!" she leaned over to look at the little gold sleeper ring
  that was now safely embedded in Sheila's right nipple and touched it gingerly.
  Once again Sheila surprised her.  
"I quite like it actually and if it heals up okay I'm going to keep it. Even
  if it does make me look like some sort of petulant teen who did it because
  her parents didn't want her to!" Liz had never heard her talk like this before
  and as if to make maters worse Sheila turned her head suddenly like some sort
  of grotesque ventriloquist's dummy and said,  
"You like me, don't you Liz?" Liz was shocked, especially after what she
  had said to her earlier on. There was quiet in the room for a moment, the noise
  of the early New York traffic was already penetrating the double-glazing. She
  touched Sheila lightly on the cheek.  
"Well, surprisingly enough Sheila, you've never done me any real harm. You
  drive Linda to distraction because she cares about you and Bill, well I know
  you two have a lot of history and I think you're being unfair with him&hellip;" Sheila
  looked as directly into her face as she could with her hands and wrists still
  tied.  
"Liz, can't you see that he KILLED someone because of me. He killed someone
  FOR me!" Liz did her best not to choke.  
"Oh come ON Sheila! Get OVER yourself! He was trying to SAVE you. He was
  set up by that policewoman remember&hellip;" Sheila sniffed,  
"The one he was screwing!" Liz looked down her nose at her,  
 "We don't KNOW that, and it was either that bloke or Niles. He HAD to kill
  him Sheila. If he hadn't they'd both be dead and so would you! So I think you
  need to rethink your position on that one!" Sheila looked away and then she
  started to sniff back tears. Liz held her a little closer.  
"You know, you're right Sheila. I do like you. I'd never really thought about
  it 'til now but I do. In some ways you remind me a bit of myself. You're independent,
  not afraid to say what you think&hellip;" Sheila jumped in,  
"&hellip;bit of an arsehole! Oh I wasn't suggesting&hellip;" Liz laughed.  
 "No I know what you meant and yeah, you can come across like that sometimes
  but I think it's all part of your defence mechanism and at the risk of sounding
  like a psychiatrist I'd say it's something to do with not facing up to things." Sheila
  was now apparently looking down at her bare feet.  
"Yeah, well I had a lot of time to think about all that. Y'know, despite
  everything, I still cannot get my head around how much Sarah hated me!" Liz
  nodded.  
"Well she and I never got on and YOU, well you could always better her. If
  she said something you could normally come back at her and they don't like
  that in the Medical Profession, plus she was jealous of you and Linda." Sheila
  swivelled her neck disconcertingly once more.  
"I know you're going to think I'm a big headed cow but she had a thing about
  me y'know." Liz dropped her gaze.  
"I know. Linda told me. She told me about the dreams. About the times she
  tied you up&hellip;" Sheila turned back to her feet again.  
"Have you seen her since"?  
"No! Linda wouldn't have her anywhere near her and I can't understand why
  she wasn't arrested."  
"She was. For a while. But they let her go in the end because she gave them
  a lot of information that helped them nick some people they'd been after for
  ages!" Sheila continued to stare at her feet, moving her toes and seeing how
  the light reflected against the polished nails. She sat there for a few moments
  and started to cry again. Liz hugged her close once more and kissed her lightly
  on the cheek.  
"Sheila, it's all right. We ARE your friends y'know and Linda only wants
  to help you if&hellip;if you'd just let her in a bit more." at that moment
  the door opened and an imposing figure in a black leather trouser suit and
  Jimmy Choo shoes entered,  
" Fucking mobile phones! You'd think&hellip;what's this then a fucking group
  hug!" if it were possible Liz clasped Sheila even closer.  
"No it's not! We were talking about Sarah and how she got off!" still wary
  of Sheila Linda looked sharply at Liz.  
"What? Sarah Beaumont? Don't worry, she may not be doing porridge but someone'll
  see that she gets hers one day, dot on the card!" she gave Liz an odd look
  and then she squatted down on her haunches and looked directly at Sheila.  
"Anyway it's not HER that's giving me the problem," Liz had let go of Sheila
  and was standing just beside her now. She gripped Linda's arm.  
"Sheila's okay," she said quietly, "Let's just untie her and I'll talk to
  you later." Now it was her turn to squat down.  
"You going to be all right kid?" Sheila looked up at her and her face broke
  into a broad smile.  
"No one's ever called me that before!" Linda was already behind her cutting
  the plastic tie that bound her wrists, "Oh Christ! That's better." She touched
  her new piercing, "And I'll tell them to go carefully on this for a while!" it
  was obvious that Linda's hackles were rising even as she cut away the plastic
  from Sheila's ankles. Liz jumped in  
"Sheila have they ever done anything to you in that warehouse that you didn't
  want them to?" Sheila shook her head  
"Never! It's all planned beforehand, I know exactly what's going to happen
  and I've got safe words if anything goes wrong," she paused and looked cheekily
  into Linda's eyes, &quot;some of the things have been MY suggestion anyway!" she
  stood up and patted Linda's cheek just a little harder than was absolutely
  necessary and then without any warning she stretched up on her tip toes and
  kissed her full on the lips.  
"But thank you very much for worrying and I absolutely LOVE my new piercing.
  Now if it's all right with you I'm going to wash my hair, have a piss and probably
  have a damn good crap as well, so if you wouldn't mind fucking off the pair
  of you, I would be very grateful!" Liz smiled and led the slightly stunned
  Linda to the door. As she opened it she said,  
"Sheila, keep in touch. PLEASE. We both worry about you and we both LIKE
  you. OKAY?" and she saw Sheila's face break into a bigger, wider grin than
  before.  
As the door closed Linda said,  
" I managed to get through to him. I didn't wanna say anything in front of
  her." Liz looked thoughtful.  
" Not sure she's bothered anymore, I get the impression there's someone else
  in the frame now&hellip; Anyway&hellip; So?"  
"Well from what I could gather he's shacked up with TWO women. Not one but
  bloody two. He nearly had a fight but got saved!" Liz looked at her questioningly," Oh
  I dunno! He sounded knackered actually and he sounded like he was distracted,
  I mean really fucking distracted, like he was on another planet. Either that
  or someone was sucking his cock!" she inclined her head in the direction of
  Sheila's door. "Any chance of telling me what was going on in there?"  
But Liz was already heading in the direction of the coffee shop.  
"Not until I've had another fag, a muffin and at least two cups of coffee!
  Now come on!" and Linda had little option but to follow her retreating back
  down the corridor.  
*  
It was cold, walking out of the pub into the night air, but it was a clear
  night with a full moon and although there was some mist lying just above the
  grass on the higher parts of the moor, the journey back to Roundhay Park looked
  straightforward enough.  
She waved goodbye to her friends, the only ones she was still in touch with
  and eased herself into the small, metallic blue car.  
She could have allowed herself one drink but she had a long drive and she'd
  seen the results of that one drink in casualty far too often for her to take
  risks.  
The engine started first time and with it the CD player. As she drove out
  of the pub cark park and onto to the small, dimly lit "A" road that led over
  the moors and back to Leeds she took a final glance in the mirror, watched
  her friends turning back into the warmth of the noisy and crowded bar, touching
  her fluffy blond hair as she did so, just to straighten it and headed for home.  
She was quite surprised to hear "Tubular Bells" tinkle into life and then
  remembered that she had loaded it earlier in the cold but clear winter day.
  The funny thing about Tubular Bells, she mused to herself as she picked her
  way along the lonely road, was that whenever she mentioned the name to anyone
  they always pulled a face and said something like, "Oh not that shit!" Yet
  it was one of the biggest selling albums of all time, so who the hell bought
  it?  
The van appeared out of nowhere or so it seemed. Large and white, she saw
  the glare of headlights in her rear view mirror before she noticed the van
  itself but so fast was it moving that it soon seemed to be hovering only feet
  from her rear bumper. She pulled over slightly to allow it to pass on the narrow
  road. She hadn't been driving these country roads for very long and wasn't
  really used to either their darkness or the fact that there was often just
  a ditch between her and some fairly hefty looking dry stone walls.  
She flicked up the heating as the van roared past, its windows tinted, making
  the driver invisible. The moonlight made the moor look so eerie right now with
  the mist starting to rise up off the grass that she felt several involuntary
  shudders run down her spine.  
She wasn't expecting what happened next.  
One moment the van was roaring past her, the next it had stopped and was
  what seemed to be no more than fifty yards away with its lights off and sitting
  directly in her path.  
She didn't panic.  
She was a nurse, she was used to emergencies. She put her foot on the brake
  and declutched as quickly as she could without losing control of the vehicle
  but it wasn't enough, the van was too close and she was still going too fast.  
Hands gripping the wheel tightly now, she did the only thing she could and
  turned it hard to the left, sending the little car arcing across the road and
  straight into a ditch.  
The seat belt saved her. If she hadn't been wearing it she would undoubtedly
  have hit the windscreen but it locked and pulled her back into the seat wrenching
  her shoulder but saving her from any further harm. The thump as the car hit
  earth made her stomach churn but she hoped that the damage would be minimal.
  She sat back and blew out a long breath of relief and then she looked out at
  the road ahead of her and the blood seemed to freeze in her veins.  
As Tubular Bells jingled away in the background so she saw the back doors
  of the van open and two people getting out. Two people of about the same shape
  and size who glistened in the moonlight. At least she assumed that they were
  people but the more she looked the less certain she became and the more fearful.  
 They appeared to be dressed entirely in silver. From the tips of their pointed
  boots to the top of their domed heads. Shiny silver. And they didn't walk normally.
  They turned almost lethargically, paused for a moment and then moved forward
  slowly, deliberately, robotically. As they got closer she realised that the
  material they were wearing must be latex. Shiny silver latex with not a trace
  of flesh anywhere.  
Judging by their shape they had to be women. The suits fitted snugly, their
  breasts were prominent, their waists shapely and nipped in by shiny black belts.
  Their boots were not exactly made for this terrain, the heels must have been
  at least six inches high and they were knee length.  
Silver gloves covered their hands.  
Their heads were even more unreal. Shiny silver with only blackened grills
  at eyes and mouth. Unable to take her eyes off these apparently alien creatures
  she watched as they came to a halt a few feet from the car and stood a metre
  or so apart, picked out starkly in the bright moonlight, staring straight ahead
  of them. Staring not, it seemed, at her but blankly into space.  
The creature that got out of the driver's side of the van was dressed exactly
  the same as the first two but looked much taller. Sarah could only watch in
  horrified fascination as she, because her shape could, once again, only be
  that of a female, clambered down and walked slowly and deliberately but somehow
  jerkily toward her two companions who still stared straight ahead of them.  
For a moment the three strange and unearthly creatures stood motionless gazing,
  not at her but blankly into some kind of middle distance Then, almost as if
  given some kind of tacit signal, the middle one moved forward and was followed
  momentarily by her two companions who walked just a pace or so behind her.  
It never even occurred to Sarah Beaumont to relock the doors of her car and
  it only took a few seconds for the creatures to prise the driver's door open,
  reach inside, hit the release button on the seat belt and drag her bodily from
  the wreck.  
She screamed involuntarily knowing that no one would hear her out here and
  finally realising that she was more scared than she had ever been in her entire
  life. The tall one had a hand over her mouth before she could scream again
  and was already wrenching her arm behind her back. It was only then that she
  realised that the two smaller ones were now holding something in their right
  hands, something long and silver.  
She had never experienced a cattle prod before, although she had seen them
  used and knowing that they were made for animals three or four times her own
  body mass made her instantly fearful. The creature to her left touched her
  briefly on the left buttock with hers and she immediately felt a shock of bone
  jarring intensity hit her.  
The creature to her right did the same to her right buttock.  
Each time she screamed and each time the tall one held her, wrenched her
  arm a little higher up her back and muffled her screams with her gloved silver
  hand.  
She was held steady as they regrouped and she felt rather than saw the prods
  on her breasts, digging into each nipple. She tried to shake her head. She
  tried to scream. She tried to shout "No!" but the shocks hit her simultaneously
  and she would have fallen to her knees if the tall one behind her had not held
  her up,  
It seemed to go on forever. Her eyes closed, her teeth now clenched in agony,
  the pain in her breasts so great that she thought she would pass out and then
  finally and to her great relief it stopped. She wanted to fall to the ground.
  She wanted to cry. she wanted to cry like she had never cried as an adult but
  there were "people" watching her.  
She tried to sniff back the tears and then she realised that the pressure
  on her breasts was still there, that the cattle prods were still in place and
  then the shocks hit her again.  
 And again.  
And again.  
Eventually the tall one let go of her and allowed her to collapse, sobbing,
  to the ground only to drag her up by her hair almost immediately and put a
  latex clad hand round her throat.  
The one to the left of her lowered herself slowly into a crouch whilst the
  other stood in front of her motionless, almost in the at ease position.  
Her already sore right shoulder throbbed as her arm was bought up behind
  her back again and then she felt her skirt being ruffled and hands on her knickers
  which were then pulled down with surprising gentleness. Totally helpless, she
  watched the silver automaton rise slowly upward and trembled with horror as
  she drew the hem of her skirt up and tucked it into the waistband.  
Sarah tried to shake her head as the other silver one moved forward and slowly
  raised the cattle prod. She was open and exposed, her panties at her knees;
  her skirt rucked up, the light down of her blonde pubic hair open to the elements.  
She tried to move.  
 She tried to get away but it was all completely hopeless.  
She tried to speak or scream or even negotiate but the hand around her throat
  choked back her words. She gasped when she felt the prod touch the area adjacent
  to her clitoris and then the world dissolved into a series of coloured flashes
  and she fell to the tarmac unconscious.  
She didn't see the creatures picking up her prone body, lug it over to the
  back doors of the van and then unceremoniously pitch it inside and she didn't
  see the figure dressed entirely in black that appeared from out of the ditch
  and slipped, unnoticed, into her abandoned car.  
Neither did she see two of the silver creatures leave the back of the van,
  run as best they could in their high heels over to the car and do their best
  to shove it forward whilst the black clad diver reversed it slowly out of the
  ditch. Neither did she see the car being cursorily inspected by all three conspirators
  and then driven slowly off in the opposite direction to the one in which it
  had originally been travelling.  
*  
For a moment she thought it had all been a dream.  
And then she opened her eyes and immediately tried to scream when she saw
  one of the silver creatures standing beside her.  
She was in what looked like a makeshift ambulance that her stuttering senses
  told her must be the back of the white van. She tried to raise her head but
  it was strapped tightly to the padded stretcher on which she now lay, totally
  and utterly, she realised with embarrassment, naked.  
She was also unable to move.  
Completely immobile.  
There were webbing straps, similar to the ones used to make seat belts, at
  roughly six-inch intervals across her entire body. There was one at her ankles,
  one across her shins, one over her knees and so on. One squashed her ample
  breasts down tightly and another across her forehead held her whole head firm
  against the stretcher. As if that were not enough her ankles and wrists had
  been individually restrained to the side of the gurney.  
 One of the two smaller silver creatures was beside her easing what she realised
  was a small, transparent, anaesthetic mask over her nose. Instinctively she
  tried to breath in through her mouth and avoid whatever it was they were trying
  to give her, which smelt heavy and noisome but she soon realised that she couldn't.  
 She couldn't open her mouth because it was packed full of something. So
  full that she could feel her cheeks bulge and so full that she could hardly
  make a sound. She now felt the pressure of something wound around and around
  her face, but not, curiously, snagging her hair.  
Surgical tape.  
 Surgical tape holding whatever had been stuffed into her mouth to keep her
  quiet, (it felt as if it might be wads of crepe bandage), firmly in place.  
She had no option but to breathe in through her nose and the moment she did,
  the moment she inhaled, she felt woozy and light headed. She didn't pass out.
  She remained conscious but all the tension seemed to go out of her body. As
  she breathed in again, as she breathed in more of the heavy cloying gas, so
  the feelings, or lack of them, became stronger. Her mind was still active but
  her body felt heavy and relaxed. Much more relaxed than it should be under
  the circumstances.  
The silver creature lifted the anaesthetic mask for a moment and put it to
  one side. She then unbuckled the strap holding Sarah's forehead to the stretcher
  and put her hand on the back of her head to lift it, as Sarah was already incapable
  of lifting it herself.  
Her touch felt strange. She realised that she should be feeling the latex
  glove against her hair but instead she could actually feel the glove itself,
  warm and slippery somehow, as if it were touching her hand or her arm.  
With a shudder and a pang of excitement that she did her best to ignore,
  she realised that they must have shaved her bald. Cradling her head in one
  hand, the silver creature slipped the elastic from the mask over her head and
  lowered her gently to the stretcher again. She then replaced and retightened
  the forehead strap. But she didn't let go of Sarah entirely.  
Satisfied that the mask was in place and that she still could not move, she
  began to lightly stroke Sarah's head with both hands as if to emphasise her
  baldness. On the other side of the stretcher, which took up most of the middle
  part of the van, the other smaller, silver creature appeared. In her right
  had she was holding a bottle. A clear plastic bottle full of liquid. She took
  off the cap, inverted it and allowed the liquid inside to drizzle onto Sarah's
  naked tummy.  
From the slowness with which it poured it was obvious that the liquid was
  thick and viscous and also warm. There was no shock as it dripped onto her
  exposed flesh. The creature with the bottle began to move upwards toward her
  head holding it about six inches from her flesh and allowing it to dribble
  all over her.  
Above and below her breasts, up to her neck and then down to her abdomen,
  onto her legs and her feet and then back up again, slowly heading for just
  one place. She had been anticipating this. Despite her predicament she had
  almost wished for it. When the warm oil touched the dark puffy outer lips of
  her vagina she almost swooned with pleasure. She closed her eyes and her sigh
  was audible through the gag. She tried to open her eyes but something heavy,
  moist and impenetrable was being slowly eased in place over them. It felt almost
  like dough, so soft and malleable was it. She felt it being taped in place
  and the strap round her head being undone once more so that the tape could
  be wrapped around and around her head.  
Blind and mute, strapped helplessly to a stretcher, naked and bald. An utter
  nightmare and yet one she had got off on more than once. One that she had fantasised
  about often and even had vivid dreams about.  
 She had often worried in the past about the sexual intensity of her dreams.  
She had once dreamt about being a captive on a desert island. A captive of
  a wild woman, tanned and blonde, who looked after her but kept her bound. Who
  pegged her out naked on the beach to acclimatise her to the hot sun and who
  would cover her with her own body to prevent her from burning.  
 The focus of these dreams was a person she knew. A person she often fought
  with and whose closeness to Linda, she had to admit with hindsight, she had
  been almost insanely jealous of, but whose image she could not get out of her
  mind  
Sheila.  
For three months she used to go to bed at nights and dream of being Sheila's
  captive on that warm desert island where she cooked for Sheila, kept house
  for Sheila, made clothes for Sheila and in return Sheila foraged for her and
  looked after her, kept her bound at the ankle to a stump and naked whilst she
  was out hunting and took her naked and leashed into the lush green hills, her
  wrists bound behind her, to wash in a warm clear waterfall where they often
  made love.  
The dreams were clear and vivid, so vivid that she would look forward to
  bed and look forward even more to falling asleep.  
She felt the mask being adjusted on her nose and then she felt the straps
  around her legs and ankles being undone. It didn't matter because she couldn't
  move them much anyway but those around her wrists, upper torso and her head
  remained tightly in place.  
And then she felt the hands.  
They were slow and gentle. Soft and smooth. They couldn't be gloved any more
  she could feel too much and they were starting to rub the thick, warm oil gently
  into her calves. She felt another pair of hands on her feet and another pair
  on her sensitive upper thighs.  
Her mind was beginning to soften. The fear was easing itself to one side
  like a curtain being drawn back, revealing for the first time a window onto
  another world, a world of soft sensual pleasure. Her neck relaxed and then
  her head as the warm deep massage continued  
She loved her feet being rubbed and soft female hands were now smoothing
  the heavy oil deeper and deeper into her soles and her ankles and the balls
  of her sensitive feet. Even into her toes. She lay blind and mute revelling
  in the feeling as more hands traced their way up her legs and yet more smoothed
  the oil into her aching thigh muscles.  
She didn't resist when she felt something being wound softly but tightly
  around her left ankle and continue slowly and inexorably up to the very top
  of her thigh, not that she could have resisted anyway. And she didn't demur
  when she felt something soft and downy being slid between her toes. Something
  that felt like it could be cotton wool.  
Now she realised that her left foot was being wrapped. She felt the cloth
  being wound around her ankle and back to her toes over and over again. She
  felt more wrapping and more wrapping on her leg until it was stiff and inflexible,
  heavy and incapable of movement.  
And as the anaesthetic crept further into her tissues and her consciousness
  so she didn't try to struggle and she didn't try to cry out, even though she
  knew what was being done to her. In fact, as she felt movement around her,
  as she felt her right leg being gently and thoroughly massaged and those oh,
  so knowing fingers working on her bare right foot, she positively welcomed
  it.  
*  
There was a moment of silence after they had replaced the cross straps on
  her now thickly bandaged legs and tied her bandaged ankles to the stretcher
  once more. She wasn't numb, in fact if anything the drug had heightened her
  feelings and although she couldn't see she was able to somehow FEEL movement
  close to her. She felt as if she could detect the air currents and vibrations
  that the silver people around her produced. She felt as if she could somehow "see" them
  in her mind  
The little one.  
The little silver one with the jerkier movements of the two.  
The innocent seeming one.  
She was there. She knew it was her, she could feel her presence and she was
  stroking her bald head again. Smoothing the oil into her scalp. An act that
  seemed so, so intimate that Sarah could hardly contain herself. She felt so
  on the edge. So close to a kind of orgasm that she had never experienced before.  
So strange.  
So close.  
So very close.  
And she felt her abdomen lurch as the little silver one kissed her. Kissed
  her gently on her naked scalp. She shivered inwardly. What she thought of as
  her pussy when she was fantasising suddenly contracted. Contracted hugely and
  a feeling something like love seemed to surge throughout her body.  
At the same time she felt something cold against her contracting vagina.
  Something that made the skin around it tingle. It didn't burn but it felt cold,
  the way menthol feels on bare skin. The gentle stroking and kissing of her
  head continued then something else touched her close to her sensitive pussy  
 A fleeting touch.  
 Almost a scrape and the little one continued to kiss her.  
The scrapes became regular now and she finally realised what they were doing.  
They were shaving her pubic hair.  
 She was a natural blond so what bodily hair she had wasn't really noticeable
  but she used a depilatory on her body anyway because it made it feel soft and
  sensual when she was masturbating. Recently, however, she had let her pubes
  grow back.  
It felt good to have a shaven pussy again and when she felt gentle fingers
  running lightly against her freshly shaven lips and a soft cloth removing any
  remaining traces of shaving foam there was another liquid surge inside her
  that nearly engulfed her once again but once again, she fought against it.  
This was like a wish fulfilled.  
This was too good to waste.  
She revelled in the restraints. She loved having her wrists bound; and she
  loved the feel of the restraining strap on her forehead. She baulked a little
  when she felt the straps being removed from her torso and head but also felt
  relieved somehow that they did not untie her wrists.  
She felt herself being eased into a sitting position and the wrist straps
  adjusted but she remained heavily blindfolded and the gag seemed to swell in
  her mouth and suddenly she realised why.  
 Her mouth was full of cloth but there was something else in there too. The
  cloth had been packed in place carefully around the roof, bottom and sides
  of her mouth and a pump gag inserted to fill the space in between. So, thickly
  padded though it already was, her mouth could be filled out even more by the
  pumping of air into the rubber bladder of the gag.  
 It was happening now making her even more excited. Two hands steadying her
  head while several short but slow pumps, (she could hear the air hissing),
  forced her jaws even wider open.  
She wished, she just wished, that someone would touch her pussy right now.  
She felt the mask over her nose being adjusted and a sudden change in the
  smell of the gas. Now she breathed it in deeply wanting more and more.  
She felt soft hands on her large breasts and something that made her dizzy
  with excitement. What could only be a warm, soft, pair of lips fastening themselves
  on to her right nipple and sucking gently, then, to her disbelief another pair
  settling themselves around her left one.  
If only someone would play with her pussy. With her warm, sensitive and liquid
  cunt.  
 If only.  
 She felt the warm lips being replaced by something colder and harder, something
  that felt somehow greasy but also unyielding. Then she heard a noise similar
  to the puffing made by the inflatable gag and felt pressure on her nipples
  and then on each of her breasts. Something round was pressing into the base
  of each one, which was, in turn, sucking them up inside it. Then she realised
  what was happening.  
Vacuum pumps.  
Vacuum pumps on each breast. Sucking them tightly up into their narrow confines
  but more than that, this was a pump within a pump. A smaller one to draw and
  engorge her nipple and a larger one to encompass the whole breast and drag
  it obscenely into the clear glass cylinder.  
Oh please.  
Please.  
If only someone would touch her. Touch her clit. Stick their fingers inside
  her needy wet cunt&hellip;  
She was still in a sitting position. For good measure she felt the gag being
  pumped a little more and then even more pressure on breasts that were being
  both stretched and compressed at the same time.  
 She felt them beginning the bandaging process again.  
This time it was from her lower abdomen upward. It tickled and aroused her
  down there, so close were they to her pussy. And it aroused her when they touched
  around her so sensitive breasts as well. Very soon her whole body from abdomen
  to shoulders to neck was encased in bandages, not one layer but many, many
  layers ensuring that she was stiff and unable to move.  
 Much attention was paid to the area around her breasts because it was obvious
  that they wanted to seal the pumps in place. She felt the hands on her head
  again. Her wrists were untied and then she was being laid gently back on the
  stretcher. Ever so carefully and gently because she was stiff from waist to
  neck. They retied one wrist and then began to bandage the other Unseen hands
  helping her close it into a fist and packing cotton wool in and around it so
  it would be comfortable.  
When they were finished, when the hand and arm were completely rigid and
  covered in layer after layer of bandages they retied her wrist to the stretcher
  and turned their attentions to the other arm.  
Once again they packed cotton wool into the palm of her hand and then, with
  gentle pressure, helped her close it into a fist. Then they wrapped more around
  the hand and began to slowly bandage from fingers to knuckles to wrist and
  so on. And when they had finished one layer so they started on the next. In
  her mind's eye Sarah could she her arm becoming thicker and thicker and feel
  it getting stiffer with each passing minute  
. She knew that the little one was still there. She could hear her breathing
  and the breathing got closer and closer until it was immediately next to her
  right ear. They had undone the restraints at her wrists and ankles because
  she was no longer capable of movement.  
The thick layers of bandage prevented her from using either her legs or her
  arms. Her neck was held stiff. Her hands were bandaged into useless fists and
  her feet so thickly padded and bandaged that she doubted if she would ever
  be able to stand.  
The feeling, the erotic feeling of being so utterly helpless pervaded her
  entire being and every now and then they would let the air out of the pumps
  at her breasts and pump them up again even harder.  
She was a toy to be played with  
 That breathing. That slow staccato breathing deep into her ear only served
  to arouse her even more.  
They were helping her sit up again and she felt something being fitted around
  her neck. Being a nurse she knew exactly what it was. It was a high, wide thickly
  padded surgical collar designed to keep the neck rigid and comfortable. Which
  is exactly what it did and it only served to add to her exquisite feeling of
  utter helplessness.  
Keeping her bolt upright she could feel them beginning to wind the bandages
  around her arms and body, effectively trapping them to her sides.  
She had known right from the start what they were going to do, that they
  were going to mummify her and she was thrilled beyond belief. She had never
  been so sexually excited before. She couldn't speak or move and there were
  people, she knew they were people, she didn't know who they were but they were
  people, living breathing people, making her progressively more helpless, turning
  her into a rigid, human, helpless, mummy.  
She felt what seemed to be thick pads being placed near her elbows, presumably
  to stop the bones from binding and then, drawing a deep breath to prevent herself
  from coming on the spot and whilst her arms continued to be bandaged to her
  sides, she felt more pads being placed on her eyes and around her cheeks and
  what had to be cotton wool laid softly and fluffily against her bare scalp.  
They were going to start wrapping her head.  
She held herself back as she felt the mask being lifted and small rubber
  tubes being eased into her nose. There was a pause, and then the mask was replaced.
  But it wasn't the same. This one felt softer and more pliable somehow and it
  had a distinctive smell.  
She shivered.  
It was a rubber mask.  
 She took a deep, deep breath in. The gas seemed even stronger and even more
  pungent now it was mixed with the strong and somehow comforting smell of rubber.  
At this point the wrapping of her head began in earnest. They took the precaution;
  although it was no longer necessary, of tying her ankles once more to the stretcher
  whilst they wound yet more bandages around her upper torso covering the surgical
  collar and taking a few turns from there to the top of her head to just prevent
  her from moving it at all.  
Her heavily bandaged and useless fists were the only things that protruded
  from her body now. They were welded to her sides with turn after turn of bandage
  but they had yet to be incorporated into the overall shape of the mummy.  
She felt the pressure, the intoxicating pressure building up around her head
  as they wrapped slowly and carefully holding the anaesthetic mask in place
  and bandaging it carefully into position.  
They wrapped and they wrapped and they wrapped taking care all the while
  to leave her ears exposed. Not once did they wrap across them, just around
  them. The feeling she got was they were turning her head into something the
  shape of a football. It felt heavy and yet that very heaviness felt somehow
  relaxing.  
She took stock  
Her toes were so tightly but comfortably bound in all that cotton wool that
  she could not move them. Her ankles were rigid, her legs and thighs were bound
  wide open so that she could feel air on her exposed and shaven pussy but they
  were inflexible too, she couldn't move them if she tried. To move either of
  her stiffly wrapped and heavy legs would require one of the silver creatures
  to pick it up and move it for her.  
Likewise her upper body.  
In fact tummy, chest, neck, shoulders and head all felt as if they were one
  tight unit. The only movement she was capable of now was a slight twitch of
  her bound fists.  
Everything had to be done for her now and it was so exciting to have these
  two, young, silver creatures dictating her every move, having complete control
  of her, dominating her in a subtle and incomprehensibly arousing way.  
She felt the two of them on either side of her, easing her stiff body back
  to the stretcher, placing several soft pillows under her securely wrapped and
  well padded head. The feeling was incredible. She couldn't help thinking that
  if she were a man her cock right now would be unbelievably rigid and desperate
  for attention. She lay back and wondered what it would feel like to have that
  little silver creature's hand just brush across it delicately.  
Her mind was drawn back to the present by the feeling of her legs being untied
  and she felt the thrill when she tried to move them and couldn't. Slowly and
  carefully they were eased together and something was tied around her ankles.  
She felt them being slowly hoisted into the air until it felt as if they
  were at roughly a forty five degree angle to her prone and relaxed body. She
  felt something soft being pushed under her and past her hips until the small
  of her back rested comfortably on what felt like several pillows. Her pussy
  and bottom were still bare, her legs yet to be joined.  
She had found that if she made noises at the back of her throat, (they sounded
  to her like little cooing noises and were in fact the only sounds that she
  could make) the silver ones responded. She made a little oomphing noise now,
  just to let them know that the angle at which her legs were tied was just a
  little too acute bearing in mind how stiff she was.  
The response was immediate. Even through the thick bandages she could feel
  the creature's hands on her head and she could almost see her inclining her
  head questioningly, mutely asking her what was wrong?  
She grunted and tried vainly to move her legs but nothing happened, the silver
  creature must have understood her though because almost immediately her legs
  were lowered into a more comfortable position and she felt a hand briefly touch
  her bandaged forehead.  
When they began to join her legs together they took away her last chance
  of movement and her last chance of freedom. Once again she had to breathe very
  deeply to prevent herself from climaxing  
They put thick pads between her legs to stop the bones from binding and then
  bound them tightly from ankle to upper thigh but before they finished they
  turned their attention to her bottom and the soft, exposed, area of abdominal
  flesh above her thighs.  
"Please touch my pussy! Please!" she thought to herself as she felt the bandaging
  begin and she was really quite disappointed to think that soon her puffy wet,
  cunt (so wet it felt as if it were dripping) would be covered up.  
She was wrong  
She felt the bandages being wound between her legs around her thighs and
  over her bottom and she winced with pleasure when stray, or maybe not so stray,
  fingers briefly touched her pubic mound or her inner thigh.  
The little one had stayed with her; even now she was stroking her head and
  breathing close to her left ear, almost as if she were purring to her. Somehow
  the fact that she couldn't speak and that none of the silver creatures seemed
  capable of it either aroused her even more.  
The bandaging continued, she was almost fully covered now and she felt the
  cloth strips being laid gently along her labia, she shivered and waited for
  the criss crossing to start but it never happened. Once again layer after layer
  of bandage was applied to her thighs and her lower back and bottom but they
  left her pussy and the little rosebud that was her rectum uncovered. As if
  to emphasise this she felt knowing fingers touching her puckered labial lips
  and she would have moaned with pleasure if she had been able to. They took
  the opportunity to bandage her fisted hands tightly to her sides, and then
  they lowered her legs to the stretcher.  
She could not see.  
She could not speak and try as she might she now could not move. She was
  completely wrapped, totally enclosed. Her pussy and her arsehole were still
  open and that made her shiver with anticipation. She wondered what it would
  be like to be deaf as well. She wondered what it would be like if she could
  not make her little grunting noises either.  
 She felt what could only be a rope around her thickly padded ankles and
  she felt it tighten as it was tied to the stretcher just to make her feel that
  little more helpless. She reeled inwardly as a stronger, much richer dose of
  the anaesthetic gas pervaded her nostrils as she took a deep breath in to try
  to control herself  
 She felt pressure on her forehead and realised that despite everything they
  were strapping her head down once more. She had to concentrate this time to
  prevent the climax overtaking her but she just managed it  
 She felt movement on either side of the stretcher and it shaking slightly
  and what could only be two bodies climbing up next to her, insinuating themselves
  against her, cuddling up to her and it was only with the utmost effort that
  she managed to contain herself yet again  
Another deep hit of gas and then she felt playful hands exploring her, stroking
  her rounded head, touching the pumps that stretched compressed and sensitised
  her breasts and stroking her tummy. She felt feet touching hers and it felt
  to all intents and purposes as if these two, (they could only be the silver
  creatures) as if these two were now completely naked.  
Her mind rejoiced as she felt fingers creeping down to her pussy. She felt
  them gently, playfully, exploring her labia, running their fingers along the
  outside and then delving just a little deeper.  
Her skin seemed to explode into Goosebumps when she felt them ever so gently
  touching around her clitoris and carefully exposing it. She thought SHE would
  explode when she felt warm breath on it, not even having time to wonder where
  that breath came from  
Again she managed to hold on and then a strange sensation overtook her tiny
  sensitive bud. Something hard was being pressed into place around it, hard
  and unyielding. She made those little oomphing noises at the back of her throat
  and had her bandaged head stroked in return. Then suction. Suction on her poor
  little vulnerable and sensitive clitty. Not content with vacuum pumps on her
  breasts not content with a pump gag in her mouth, now they had attached a pump
  to her querulous little clit.  
She had thought of herself as a toy earlier and it was utterly true. For
  what seemed like hours they toyed with her and played with her. They inflated
  and deflated her breasts and nipples over and over again. They pumped up her
  gag until she thought her cheeks would burst. They pumped up her clitty causing
  her so much pleasure that she nearly fainted on several occasions. And all
  the time they were listening for the little grunts that were the only sound
  that she could make. Grunts of pleasure, grunts of discomfort, grunts of ecstasy.
  She was their plaything. She was their toy and she loved every minute of it.  
 Sarah was a nurse and so was used to being in control but her life had spiralled
  out of control a long time ago and now here she was in a position where she
  had no control at all. Where others controlled her. And it felt good.  
After what seemed like hours and probably was, things seemed to slow down.
  Something she was grateful for because it at least gave her a chance to catch
  her breath.  
They soothed her, the two creatures on either side of her. They calmed her
  and they hugged her. She was now in a kind of limbo. Where she had been so
  excited and stimulated without actually wanting to climax, and then not been
  ALLOWED to she now didn't know what was best but still she erred on the side
  of caution and tried to avoid one where possible mainly because she didn't
  want these games to end.  
The girls had been very adept. When Sarah had tried to avoid climaxing they
  had realised this and made a point of taking her to the brink and then denying
  her, not once but time, after time, after time. They had soothed their fingers
  against her pussy but never actually entered it at first, just contenting themselves
  with constant touching and teasing.  
Then they had gone a little further and delved their fingers into her wetness
  one after the other and listened to her muffled grunts and tiny groans. They
  had played cat and mouse with her exquisitely but now it was time to move on.  
 While the girls held her and stroked her she felt something touch her pussy.
  Something warm and pliable, almost soft. And at the very same time she felt
  something near her little rosebud, near her arsehole. It tickled but she couldn't
  do anything about it and all the time the girls were soothing her and cuddling
  her and pumping her tits up and down just to keep her distracted.  
It felt cold and it was cold but Sarah was no stranger to having things inserted
  in her back passage. She knew it was lubricant and she adored the feel of it,
  wet and cold and exciting. Sarah loved anal play and even though they didn't
  need to, even though she was mummified and tied down the girls held onto her
  using their weight to pin her to the stretcher. Already her excitement was
  starting to bubble over again  
She felt something just nudge against her tight hole, instead of contracting
  her muscles she pushed against the anal invader to allow it to be eased further
  and further inside her rectum. When it stopped she was glad because it allowed
  her time to take as deep a breath as she could under the circumstances and
  try yet again not to come.  
When they slipped the rubber cock into her cunt without warning, the cunt
  that was so wet already that it didn't need any lubrication, and when they
  began inflating her tits and her clit as well she had to plead. She had to
  beg and plead through a series of grunts and groans to please not let her climax!
  Please not yet!  
When the huge cock like dildo in her cunt started
      to grow and started to fill her so full that she could only lie back and
      let out little muffled grunts of ecstasy,   
 When they started to stroke her head and the dildo
      in her arse began to inflate and vibrate and whirr against her sensitive
      back passage,   
When they pumped her tits so much she thought,
      she really thought, that they would explode,   
When they deflated her clitoris and began to rub
      it gently with soft innocent fingers,   
Only then did Sarah Beaumont climax and keep on
      climaxing until the world seemed to explode in her face and she passed
      out from sheer sensual overload.   
   
*  
It was very quiet when she woke up and she could instantly feel that her
  circumstances had changed. She was in a confined space that seemed somehow
  to undulate against her. She was still incapable of movement and she could
  still feel the devices between her legs, particularly the vaginal vibrator,
  pulsing quietly away just keeping her slightly above calm, just keeping her
  inner passage moist and excited.  
Her breasts were still compressed but her nipples seemed strangely free.  
The anaesthetic mask was still over her nose and it still smelt strongly
  of rubber. Her mouth felt stale and she had a headache. She thought there was
  movement close by but the images and feelings that she had had before were
  obviously the result of the anaesthetic.  
Now she felt low and depressed, there was kind of blackness around her, a
  deep, deep, sense of foreboding  
Only now was she beginning to realise the sort of trouble that she was really
  in.  
There WAS movement. Someone WAS close by. Maybe more than one person. And
  for a moment her spirits lifted. Perhaps they would get her out of here.  
 They sagged even lower than before as she felt something cold against her
  left nipple and then the same sensation on her right. It felt as if a metal
  band were being forced down as far as it would go. The nipple pumps were replaced
  and suction began once more. It hurt now because of the rings.  
 For the first time in what seemed like days someone spoke.  
It was a voice that had been electronically altered and that she didn't recognise.  
"REMEMBER THE RINGS?" it asked. Her mind was still woozy. She wanted more
  of whatever she had been drugged with. Rings? Rings? What possible relevance
  could rings have?  
And then it hit her almost as hard as if someone had punched her in the stomach.  
Two rings!  
They must be the rings that she and Linda had exchanged on Boxing Day nearly
  two years ago. Two long years ago when she and Linda still spoke to each other.
  Before the kidnappings. Before the hate.  
She sighed hard and as best she could with the rubber gag still in her mouth.  
"REMEMBER WHAT YOU DID TO SHEILA?"  
How could she forget? So much did she hate and yet love Sheila she would
  have done anything to her and she very nearly did. It hadn't been her idea
  to tie her to the machine and film her as it fucked her mercilessly but as
  there was no one else available and because it had been made clear that she
  didn't have any options she had done it.  
Until, that is, she had realised just how much it was hurting her, just how
  much she was suffering and suddenly revenge, the revenge that she wanted because
  she couldn't have Sheila and had already lost Linda had meant absolutely nothing.  
More movement around her and she started or tried to as she felt her ears
  being touched and something being pushed inside each one. She guessed it must
  be wax earplugs. Something soft touched her outer ears, more cotton wool, thick
  pads of it and then bandages, around and around her head to seal it all in
  place.  
Now she could hear the blood literally pumping through her heart.  
A feeling of confinement came over her and she could vaguely hear something
  grating into place above her.  
Something above her - a lid.  
Oh please God no!  
But something at the back of her mind had always been telling her this; it
  had just been pushed away by the drugs and the sexual excitement.  
There were vibrations. She guessed what they were and then the lining of
  the box that she must be in began to move, began to swell on all sides, including
  the lid, until it held her tightly in place and prevented any movement at all.
  She guessed that this was because the box would soon be moved and that they
  did not want her weight to shift.  
Suddenly there was movement.  
A smooth downward movement.  
When the vibrators in her bottom and in her vagina
      began to whirr strongly once more, causing her whole body to quiver,   
When she remembered how Sheila tried to beg her
      to turn off the machine that she was tied to,   
When she heard what could only be the first sod
      of earth falling on what was undoubtedly the lid of her coffin,   
Only then did Sarah Beaumont break down and start
      to cry.   
THE STORY WILL CONTINUE
      IN "RETRIBUTION!"   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer maintains the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any places, either real or imaginary or any people or characters real or fictitious,
  living or dead.  
July 2004  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wallace


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





