BDSM Library - Las Hembras




Las Hembras
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young parole officer is captured and enslaved by an all-female street gang.Las Hembras  
&copy; 2004 by DrDan  
 In all honesty, I didn't give it a good deal of serious thought when I initially
  discovered it. Sometimes people pull pranks, occasionally a little girl will
  have a mean older brother, and once in a while some warped youth will do something
  macabre as a means of gaining attention. As it was, my job as a parole officer
  already attracted the attention of various miscreants, although I'd yet to
  encounter an individual savvy enough to locate my home address. That, seemingly,
  had changed, at least for the time being.  
 On my doorstep next to the morning paper was a shoebox with a single long
  stemmed black rose and a male doll in it. It was a &quot;Ken&quot; doll, wearing
  a long, white wedding dress (presumably from Barbie's wardrobe) and impaled
  with a large nail. The nail had been pounded directly into the area where Ken's
  rectum would be if the doll were anatomically correct, and was large enough
  to cause a split up his backside. The box had also been sprinkled with perfume,
  an expensive scent, whose odor commingled most pleasantly with that of the
  rose. There was no note and no other clues by which one might be able to ascertain
  the identity of the sender. I placed the box into a paper bag and decided to
  have it checked for fingerprints at work, hoping to get lucky with an identity
  for the prankster.  
 Another long day loomed ahead. I'd first joined the corrections department
  with the optimism and zeal typical of a raw employee, fully expecting that
  I'd be able to help wayward offenders lacking direction to get their lives
  back on track. Cynicism had set in with the realization that most parolees
  didn't really want help. I spent the majority of my time keeping dangerous
  criminals on a short leash, looking for any excuse I could find to have them
  arrested and incarcerated for the duration of their sentences. I still held
  a good deal of pride in my job, but stayed focused on protecting the public
  at large rather than holding out any real hope that the overwhelming majority
  of inmates passing through my office were capable of any sort of meaningful
  change.  
 I sat pondering these issues as my 9:00 appointment with Detective Gloria
  Chavez approached. She was one of the police department's most highly respected
  experts on gangs and gang activity, having herself grown up in a less than
  wholesome inner-city environment. She was 28 years old and single. Gloria was
  tall and kept herself in excellent physical condition, with long, black wavy
  hair cascading just past her shoulders. I'd made preliminary overtures to her
  in the past indicating my desire to date her, which she hadn't dismissed out
  of hand. She did, however, let me know that she had placed her preference for
  a successful career ahead of having an active social life. During the course
  of working together towards the common goal of making inner city neighborhoods
  livable again, we'd discovered that we had much in common, although our relationship
  remained one strictly of a professional friendship rooted in mutual respect.  
Gloria smiled, greeting me with a light hug and some small talk as she sat
  in my office to brief me on possible gang affiliations held by certain clients
  of mine. When I showed her the shoebox she examined the contents briefly, and
  then swallowed hard. I noted her hands shaking slightly.  
 "Dan, where did you get this?" She seemed genuinely concerned.  
 "It was on my doorstep this morning when I left for work. Does it set off
  any light bulbs in your head, Gloria?"  
 "Las Hembras," she said, slowly, deliberately. "Definitely." She turned
  to me. "Do you know any of them?"  
 "Who or what is Las Hembras?" I'd never heard of them. Gloria took a deep
  breath.  
 "Las Hembras controls approximately 85% of the drug, prostitution, gambling,
  and protection rackets on the lower east side," she said. "They're an all-female
  gang, primarily Hispanic, mostly aged 16 to about 25 years of age."  
 "All female?" I was incredulous. I knew of most of the gangs in town, having
  dealt with a high percentage of their members during the course of my work. "I
  don't know any of them. I've never even heard of them." Gloria smiled.  
 "They have successfully wrested control of most of the major rackets from
  the male gangs," she said. "They operate behind the scenes for the most part,
  pulling the strings and reaping the profits while the guys do all the dirty
  work and wind up dead or behind bars. They represent the real power on the
  streets of our city." I smirked just a bit, examining the doll and rose again.  
 "That doesn't seem possible." Gloria chuckled to herself.  
 "The women are a lot smarter and better at organization than the males are." She
  began. "They are better at keeping a low profile, they don't fight amongst
  themselves as much, they don't turn on one another when they're in custody,
  they see their enterprise in business terms and refrain from using unnecessary
  violence, and know how to turn their adversaries against one another. Don't
  underestimate them."  
 "Well then," I began. "Seeing as how you're the expert, can you tell me
  what exactly this means?" She smiled, and then looked me squarely in the eyes.  
 "Are you sure you want me to tell you? You may not like it."  
 "Yes, I'm sure. What does it mean?" Gloria looked away for a moment, gathering
  her wits. Then she resumed eye contact, idly touching her foot against mine
  under the table.  
 "It means, Dan," she measured her words carefully. "That somebody wants
  to bitch you."  
 "Bitch me?" I blinked. "Whatever does that&mdash;"?  
 "It's a figure of speech," she began. "It's used on the street a lot. It
  means that a member of Las Hembras wants to initiate a relationship with you,
  with you assuming a female, or 'bitch' role." I laughed. She continued. "You
  can see the symbolism here&hellip; the male doll is in a wedding dress, symbolic
  of both a union and of his submission. The rose is symbolic of Las Hembras,
  and the nail may either be symbolic of some sort of pressure applied to enforce
  submission or of an actual sexual act." I shook my head. "All members of Las
  Hembras wear a tattoo behind their left ear. The women wear a small black rose
  showing a purple stem and exaggerated thorns, with the number of thorns indicative
  of their rank within the gang. Presumably as a male member, you'd be tattooed
  as well, although I think it might be a different sort of symbol." She reached
  over and  
stroked the skin behind my ear. This irritated me a bit, and I jerked away.  
 "That's absurd. I'm an adult, a parole officer, a grown man in a position
  of authority. These are just kids. Are you sure it's not just a prank?" Gloria
  shook her head.  
 "These ladies may be young, but they're wise beyond their years&hellip; and
  they play for keeps." she warned. "I'd be careful if I were you, Dan. Leaders
  of male gangs have left town after receiving such a package on their doorsteps.
  I'm telling you as someone who cares about what happens to you."  
 "Well, what would happen if I were, say, 'Bitched'"? I asked. I was suddenly
  intrigued.  
 "You would be forced to join the gang," she said. "In a lesser role, of
  course. You would become the de facto property of whomever it was that 'bitched'
  you. You would be expected to support the goals of the gang, with severe penalties
  dispensed if you failed to comply. Of course, such cooperation with Las Hembras
  would gravely conflict with your job in this office. If I thought you'd been
  'bitched,' it would be my duty to inform your supervisor, which would most
  likely lead to your dismissal and the filing of charges against you, depending
  on how you'd used your position to benefit the gang."  
 "Well," I muttered smugly, "that's not going to happen anytime soon." Gloria
  smiled.  
 "Just you be careful and don't underestimate the girls," she said. "Otherwise,
  you may just get what's coming to you." Gloria tossed a folder on my desk,
  leaving the room with an infectious smile. It was for the briefing we'd never
  actually discussed, that is, an overview of prisoners up for parole who may
  shortly wind up under my supervision, along with any details I should know
  about their specific situations.  
 One name that stood out among the profiles listed was that of Linda Carrillo.
  She was 26 years of age, convicted of burglary, drug possession and auto theft.
  Gloria told me that she was actually a founding member of Las Hembras who had
  expressed to her a desire to leave the group. She'd been placed in the protective
  custody wing of the women's prison, as her cooperation with police hadn't set
  well with other incarcerated gang members. Although she'd initially been handed
  a fifteen-year mandatory minimum sentence, she had made parole after just two
  years because of her exemplary behavior while incarcerated. There was also
  some hope, according to Gloria's notes in her file, that intelligence gleaned
  from her could be used to infiltrate and disrupt the gang. She had her initial
  intake interview in my office that afternoon to discuss conditions she'd have
  to follow to remain free.  
 The conditions were strict. No alcohol or drugs, with random testing required.
  Linda was not allowed to wear the Las Hembras gang colors (black and purple)
  at any time. She could not associate with any gang members, had to maintain
  gainful employment for the duration of her parole, and was required to wear
  a monitoring device about her ankle, which would keep our office abreast of
  her movements at all times. She was, essentially, under house arrest and work
  release. Any movements outside of work and her home had to be cleared with
  me before she stepped outside. Unauthorized movements triggered an alarm, and
  would likely result in her being arrested and incarcerated, with parole being
  immediately revoked.  
 Linda arrived for her interview at 10:00 AM sharp. She was genuinely beautiful,
  with shoulder length jet-black naturally wavy hair, full lips, and piercing
  almond colored eyes. Her well-proportioned 5'11" frame was dressed in a conservative
  white dress and powder blue blouse, hardly revealing of her past as a hardened
  gang member. Her demeanor was ingratiating and deferential, and she seemed
  a bit intimidated, almost shy. She nodded quietly and whispered "yes, sir" as
  I explained each condition to her, and broke into a big smile when I explained
  that I'd arranged for her to work a regular job at a fast food restaurant. "Thank
  you," she said. "That will allow me to send money back to my family in Mexico
  without having to resort to breaking the law." While my position required that
  I keep a professional distance, I smiled inside. I was happy that I was able
  to help someone that genuinely seemed to want it, and had a strong feeling
  that this woman indeed was going to make it.  
 As the months passed, I found my faith in Linda strengthening. She seemed
  to have a good home life, a strong faith in God, and a commitment to her own
  personal success. It became evident that Linda was serious about disassociating
  herself from Las Hembras as well. She never missed a day at work. Her random
  drug and alcohol tests always came back negative, and nothing was irregular
  about her movements. In addition, Gloria Chavez told me that she had provided
  information vital to understanding the inner workings of the gang itself.  
 I was so impressed with Linda's rehabilitation that I interceded on her
  behalf to have her sentence reduced. Although reluctant at first, the judge
  respected my judgment and eventually agreed to end Linda's house arrest and
  allow her greater freedom of movement. We also arranged to protect her from
  her former gang associates, as it was the general consensus among us that her
  life was potentially in danger. I called Linda, leaving a message with her
  mother, hastily arranging a meeting with her so that I could inform her of
  the good news.  
 She arrived for this meeting as she had for all the others: conservatively
  dressed in a tasteful pink one-piece dress, with flesh toned pantyhose and
  red pumps. She smelled of roses, the scent understated, yet somehow familiar,
  and all the more powerful when our eyes met. Linda smiled, taking her seat
  in front of me. I blinked, clearing my throat, which prompted just the slightest
  hint of a giggle. I smiled back, caught off guard, and began my speech.  
 "Ms. Carrillo," I said, "due to your cooperation with efforts to undermine
  and dismantle the Las Hembras crime syndicate, as well as your behavior and
  general attitude while on parole, the state has decided to release you from
  house arrest." She brushed her hair from her face, licking her lips. I continued. " In
  addition, we are prepared to meet with federal authorities to discuss your
  eligibility for the witness protection program." Linda scooted closer, her
  perfume clouding my senses slightly, her smile cracking my concentration. I
  took a deep breath, remaining aloof and businesslike. My lungs filled with
  her perfume, so intoxicating, so sensual. "Your continued cooperation will
  likely result in an early release from parole, although no guarantees can be
  made at this time. Your cooperation is appreciated, and this office wishes
  you the best." I smiled at her. She hung her head for just a moment, appearing
  to sob just a bit, then stood up and came around to the other side of the desk.
  I was just a bit startled when she wrapped her arms around me as I sat, tenderly
  pulling my face into her bosom.  
 "I want to thank you," she spoke softly, barely audibly. Her voice cracked
  with emotion. "I've spent most of my life in and out of the criminal justice
  system, and you're the first authority figure ever to give me a chance." She
  wiped a tear from her face and looked me straight in the eye. I ignored a slight
  stirring between my legs and rose to my feet to return the hug.  
 "Don't thank me, Linda. Give credit where credit is due. Credit yourself
  for the effort you put forth and for your positive attitude-"  
She silenced me with a finger on my lower lip. For a long moment, she started
  deeply into my eyes. Then she cupped my cheeks in her hand and kissed me. She
  kissed me softly, tenderly at first, and then deeply. Linda pushed her tongue
  past my lips and into my mouth, exploring the contours of my cheeks, pressing
  her face hard against mine. She broke off the kiss and pecked my neck, ears
  and cheeks, chin and nose lightly as I muttered a feeble protest about how
  inappropriate her actions were.  
"Hush," she said, smiling. She walked her hand slowly down my chest, past
  my stomach, and finally between my legs. She fondled my cock, stiffening it
  so that it jutted straight out from my pants. Her strong perfume surrounded
  us, and her scent commingling with it drove me to lose control. I staggered,
  my knees buckling, my eyes glazing over as my body was racked with pleasure.
  She whispered in my ear again.  
"You have been good to me," she said. "I want to be good to you. I want you
  to go home tonight. Go home and think about how good I can be to you." Linda
  abruptly pulled away, kissed me on the cheek and admired her handiwork as my
  fully engorged penis pushed my pants up in a tent shape. Then she bent over
  again, whispering once again into my ear.  
"Good boy. I see you're doing it already. You're such a good boy, that's
  why I know you do good things to please the women in your life." Linda ran
  her fingers over my shaft beneath my jeans. "You do want to please me, don't
  you honey?"  
I jolted when she said that, the blood draining from my face. I looked at
  her, shocked and upset; yet all the more aroused. I nodded to her, almost absentmindedly.
  She giggled and blew me a kiss. "Remember, go home and think about me." And
  then she was gone.  
I stared into space for a few moments collecting my thoughts, trying desperately
  to distract myself and focus on something work related. I had to get this under
  control. I couldn't allow myself to become compromised by an attractive parolee.
  I took several deep breaths and even pinched the head of my stiff cock in an
  effort to force it to go flaccid.  
In spite of my efforts, my erection refused to subside and did, in fact,
  become harder. Fearing an embarrassing situation, I scurried off to the men's
  room to masturbate. I had just about made it to the door when I heard the characteristic
  click of a woman's high heels behind me.  
"Oh, there you are, Dan." It was Gloria. "Can I show you something real quick?"  
"Well, uhm." I muttered. "Actually, I really have to go to the bathroom,
  and-" my cock strained hard against my pants. I felt her hand on my shoulder
  and smelled her perfume, which caused my erection to stiffen anew rather than
  subside.  
"This will only take a second. Here, tell me what you think about this.." I
  sighed, reaching behind me to take the piece of paper she wanted me to see.
  Gloria pulled it back abruptly.  
"Dan, is something the matter? That's awfully rude. Why don't you turn around
  and face me?"  
"Well, I really have to go to&hellip;" my cock strained conspicuously against
  my pants. I tried to slip past the door into the men's room, but Gloria stepped
  around in front of me. She noticed my erection and glared at me.  
"So&hellip; you have to go to the bathroom, do you?" I swallowed hard as
  she faced me, nose-to-nose, our heads mere centimeters apart. She was at eye
  level, her scent and bodily presence more intense than I ever remember them
  being. She whispered into my ear. "What for? Is it number one or number two?"  
"Please, Gloria, let me go inside-," I gasped as she casually felt my erection
  through my pants, stiffening it even more. Her expression was unsmiling. She
  squeezed me slightly.  
"Or is it number three?" Her fingers deftly unzipped my fly and slipped inside
  my pants, then found the edge of my underwear. Gloria's dark eyes bored a hole
  through my head when her cold hand encircled my balls. I gasped.  
"Gloria, please&hellip;" 
"Daniel, I saw Linda Carrillo inside your office just a few moments ago. Do you
deny that?"   
"No, Ma'am." She finally smiled slightly when I called her "Ma'am."  
"I warned you about these women, didn't I?" She squeezed harder for emphasis.  
"Yes, Ma'am, you did" Gloria pulled us away from the men's room, hand encircling
  my balls inside my pants, and forcibly shuffled us over to the entrance to
  the ladies' room, just a few feet down the hall.  
"Inside."  
"Gloria, I can't-" She opened the door, pulling me into the women's bathroom.
  Gloria opened a stall, seating me on a toilet and then shutting the door, finally
  releasing my cock. I sat in the tiny space as she stood over me, one foot on
  the toilet, giving me a clear view up her dress.  
"Take it out, Daniel." I trembled, embarrassed and intimidated, slowly reaching
  inside my pants and showing her my fully engorged cock and balls. She smiled.  
"Not bad. Could be better, but not bad. Now tell me, are you her bitch?"  
"No!" I was defiant. Gloria put a finger to her lip to remind me to keep
  my voice down. "I'm nobody's bitch." She reached down, fondling my cock and
  balls again.  
"Then what happened just now between you two, little boy?"  
 "Nothing happened! I mean-" Gloria smirked at me. "She&hellip; she came
  on to me a little bit. I'm not sure why, I think she was just grateful that
  she was being released from house arrest or something." Gloria smiled, running
  a fingernail up the underside of my erect cock.  
"Some gratitude." She watched as my cock tensed, pointing back towards my
  face. "Looks like she really did a number on you. I'd say you were profoundly
  affected by her little 'come on,' wouldn't you, Daniel?"  
"Well, I was aroused sexually, but I can't really help that." Gloria laughed.  
"What did she say to you? What did she do to you to make you so&hellip; ardent?" I
  breathed deeply and swallowed, stifling a sigh. A stiff fingernail poked my
  tender cock head as I winced in pain. "Well? Spit it out, Daniel."  
"She kissed and fondled me, then told me to go home and think about her." Gloria
  smiled knowingly.  
"That's how it starts, you know." She continued to play with my cock, working
  a dollop of precum around the head. "I'd say that Linda Carrillo is well on
  her way to turning you into her submissive little bitch." Gloria suddenly withdrew
  her hand, looking me straight in the eye. "Of course, it is my duty to report
  my observations to your manager. This could compromise the integrity of the
  entire law enforcement apparatus in this city."  
"No, Gloria, please, really, nothing happened&hellip; I-"  
"And why should I believe you?" She whispered. "Actions speak louder than
  words," Gloria flicked my rigid shaft with her middle finger. "&hellip;And
  I'd say that this speaks volumes." I suddenly broke eye contact, looking down,
  unsure for a moment about how to handle my predicament.  
"I can't believe this," I finally muttered. "You'll end my career. You'll
  ruin me. You know me well enough to know that I would never try to seduce Linda
  Carrillo. What's wrong with you? I always thought we were friends." She suddenly
  clutched a handful of my hair, and then yanked my head painfully back until
  my eyes were once again locked onto hers. She pressed her nose against mine,
  speaking in hushed, and ominous tones.  
"Look, pig, let's get one thing straight." I swallowed hard, listening. "We
  are NOT friends. As far as I'm concerned, you're nothing but an inept, pathetic
  little wannabe. I have to be civil around you at work, but I regard you as
  an extremely poor excuse for both a man and a parole officer, and on a personal
  level I really don't much like you nor do I have any respect for you. Is that
  clear?"  
"Yes-yes Ma'am." I was shocked and hurt by her statements. I trembled from
  head to toe, yet my cock remained at full attention, straining upward. She
  noticed and smiled, releasing my hair. My heart was racing. I felt helpless
  and alone, on enemy turf, at the utter mercy of this woman I had trusted until
  just moments before. She smiled slightly, making no effort to hide her condescending
  temperament.  
 "You want me to keep my mouth shut? Is that what you want?"  
"Yes Ma'am. I'm sorry." I didn't know what I was apologizing for, although
  an apology seemed appropriate. "Please don't tell anyone. I need my job." She
  smiled, suddenly turning around.  
"Then kiss my ass." Gloria lifted her skirt, moving her pantyhose-encased
  derriere close to my face. "Worship it like you mean it. Otherwise I'll scream
  'rape' and throw a big scene. Then instead of kissing my pretty behind, you'll
  be kissing your job and the rest of your pathetic life goodbye in a penitentiary
  somewhere. Now get to work, creep. Kiss my ass!"  
I was spellbound at the sight of Gloria's perfectly shaped ass, her tight
  glutes and beautifully muscled upper thighs. I was both mortified and aroused,
  on the verge of tears and yet so close to climax. Her musky scent enveloped
  me as I puckered my lips for a kiss, and then mashed my face against her asscheeks
  in submission, kissing with my lips and gently nuzzling their full breadth
  with my head. I went slowly, careful to pay proper homage while peppering her
  perfect cheeks with kisses. She responded by slowly manipulating my face with
  her glutes.  
"Mmmmm, you're a natural." I continued worshipping Gloria's cheeks. "You
  know your place, don't you, boy?"  
"Yes Ma'am." I said what I thought she wanted to hear. Terrified of the consequences
  and yet strangely excited as well, continuing to venerate her ass. She moved
  it in small circles.  
"And where is that place, Daniel? Where do you belong?"  
"Under your ass, Ma'am." I was whispering, beginning to believe what I was
  saying. My voice cracked. "I belong under your beautiful ass." She smiled.  
"Good boy. Maybe there's hope for you yet." I kissed and licked nonstop,
  trying to think of things to say that would appease her. "Now I want you to
  listen to me closely. From now on, I'm your boss. Got that?"  
 "Yes, Ma'am."  
 "Good. From now on, I decide who stays free on parole and who does not.
  Is that clear, boy?"  
 "Yes, Ma'am." She pressed her cheeks harder against my face.  
 "I'll make the decisions, you merely rubber stamp them. That's all you're
  good for anyway&hellip; just a rubber-stamping needledick little wimp who needs
  constant supervision and direction from a superior woman. Isn't that true,
  daniel?"  
 "Yes, Ma'am." I was reduced almost to tears. She pulled away, put down her
  skirt, and then turned around, forcing her gaze into mine. Gloria cupped my
  chin and then stroked my hair, almost affectionately. She spoke to me very
  softly, almost in a whisper.  
 "Who's smarter, boy? You or me?"  
 "You are, Ma'am." I trembled violently, my cock stiffening, bending back
  towards me. She smiled, continuing to stroke my hair and face. She gave my
  package a long look, licking her lips.  
 "Who's the boss, you or me?"  
 "You're the boss, Ma'am." She smiled, kissing my forehead tenderly, making
  my cock strain upwards. Gloria placed my own hand on my member.  
 "Stroke yourself, boy." I began to masturbate at her direction; She tipped
  my chin back up, whispering. "Look me in the eye. Stroke yourself and repeat
  after me. Women are superior."  
 "Women are superior." I gazed up at her, spellbound, stroking myself. She
  kept one hand on my wrist, not allowing me to go too fast. My member ached
  for release.  
 "Women are superior," she repeated, face close to mine.  
 "Women are superior." She coaxed me to stroke slightly faster as I parroted
  her words back to her.  
 "Women are superior," Gloria placed my other hand near the tip of my cock,
  then tugged on my wrist, controlling my strokes, smiling as I moved faster,
  edging closer to climax.  
 "Women are superior." It became a mantra. Gloria looked me straight in the
  eye.  
 "Cum, boy." She said. "Cum with that thought in your mind. Associate that
  thought with pleasure. Cum for your superior. NOW!"  
 I exploded into my hand, eyes locked upon hers. I shot a huge rope of hot
  cum which interlaced between my fingers, shuddering with pleasure, whimpering
  with humiliation and shame as Gloria grinned smugly. She directed me to squeeze
  the last droplets into my hand, and then pushed that hand into my mouth. I
  swallowed my own spunk, licking myself clean.  
 "Get used to that taste, bitch." Gloria's demeanor suddenly became haughty
  and detached. She laughed at me, forcing me to suck on my fingers as though
  they were little cocks. I whimpered slightly to myself, causing her to slap
  me hard.  
 "Pussy. You're going to get exactly what you deserve." She abruptly opened
  the stall door, shooting me a contemptuous glance as she left. I stayed in
  the stall for a time, sobbing quietly before zipping myself up and slouching
  unseen out of the women's restroom. I shook from head to toe. My life was changing.
  All I'd worked for was slipping away, and I was powerless to do anything about
  it.  
 The phone rang at approximately 1:00 AM. It wasn't unheard of for me to
  receive calls at such an odd hour, and I answered the phone unflustered, relaxed
  after enjoying several hours of sleep following my humiliation that day.  
It was Gloria, sounding much like the Gloria I'd known before, chatty and
  businesslike, friendly and personable. She was behaving as though nothing extraordinary
  had happened between us earlier in the day. I forced myself awake as she began
  to speak, butterflies crawling about in my stomach.  
"Dan," she said, "I hate to bother you so late, but can you tell me whether
  Linda Carrillo has been released from monitoring yet?"  
"No," I answered. "The device is to be taken off in the morning, but until
  then she is still officially under house arrest. Why do you ask?" There was
  a long pause.  
"I'm showing an alarm light on the monitoring console here in the office.
  It 's looking like she has violated her parole by straying from her house and
  removing the device on her ankle. I've had a judge issue a warrant and need
  for you to drive out to her current location and affect an arrest."  
"Huh? That's crazy. Why would she violate her parole the day before she's
  to be set free? There's something wrong, Gloria. The system's not functioning
  prop-"  
"The system's fine," she snapped back. "She has violated her parole and needs
  to be arrested. I need for you to go down and take her into custody. I'll give
  you the GPS coordinates of the tracking device and the exact location they're
  resolving to." I sighed audibly.  
"You know, maybe something's happened to her. Rumor has it that her former
  gang associates aren't too happy with her cooperation with the police."  
"Defending her to the end, aren't you?" Gloria's voice was suddenly stern
  and unyielding. "She's just a criminal, and you're going to go out and arrest
  her just as you would any other criminal. Is that clear?"  
"Yes, Ma'am." I spoke quietly, barely audibly, suddenly deflating, feeling
  defeated. Gloria seemed to sense this, and her voice softened a bit.  
"Think you'll need backup? I can arrange to meet you out there."  
 "I think &ndash; yes, Ma'am, I think that might be a good idea." I sighed,
  settling down. There was a pause, and then Gloria pressed me a bit.  
"You do remember the little talk we had earlier, don't you Daniel?"  
"Yes, Ma'am."  
"And you do remember how we got some things straightened out between us during
  that talk, don't you Daniel?  
"Yes, Ma'am." My voice nearly left me. It was barely audible.  
"So don't disappoint or disrespect me. Understand?"  
"Yes Ma'am." I hated myself for caving in the way I did, but knew that I
  didn't have a choice. I felt as if my career, even my life, were taking a path
  predetermined by others. I sensed a trap that I was powerless to derail, no
  longer confident that Gloria had my best interests at heart. I donned a conservative
  gray suit, packed my service revolver and handcuffs, and headed off into the
  night to carry out the instructions I dare not disobey.  
The GPS coordinates that Gloria had provided brought me to an old warehouse
  building near the waterfront. The late hour made the surroundings appear spooky,
  particularly since the building itself looked to be in a state of disrepair.
  Railroad tracks leading nowhere and weathered signs advertising businesses
  no longer in existence conjured images of a big city bowery from another time.
  A cool, crisp breeze stung my face as I sat with the window cracked in the
  drivers' seat of my car.  
Gloria was late. She'd promised to meet me here, but her distinctive newer
  model luxury sedan was nowhere in sight. This troubled me a bit, as she generally
  made a point of being punctual. I began to wonder whether I was in the right
  place when my eyes caught some graffiti on a wall, clearly visible under the
  only streetlight in the immediate area. It showed an ornate black and purple
  rose, acting as an umbrella shielding several names. They were the street names
  of male gang members, some of whom I recognized, spray painted in pink with
  the letters "BB" scrawled in purple over them. I knew from conversations I'd
  had with Gloria that "BB" stood for "bitch boy." This was, presumably, a list
  of captured men. My heart skipped a beat. I was definitely on their turf.  
I was still trying to decipher the list when my attention was diverted by
  a knock on the driver's side window. I'd expected to see Gloria, but my eyes
  were greeted instead by the sight of a petite young woman, barely taller than
  the door to my car. Dark, straight, waist length hair framed a small beautiful
  face adorned with large, piercing brown eyes, her black shirt and dark colored
  jeans rendering her nearly invisible in the night. She smiled at me, motioning
  for me to roll my window down. I cracked it a bit more.  
"Hello," she said. "Are you lost?" I smiled back at her.  
"No," I replied, hurriedly digging out a photograph of Linda and passing
  it through the window. "I'm with the department of corrections. Have you seen
  this person?" She looked at the picture, slowly studying it, pushing the hair
  from her face. She was close enough to the window that I could smell the sweetness
  of her breath and feel the warmth of her skin. The girl nodded her head.  
"Yes," she motioned towards the warehouse. "Linda is here. Inside. Is she
  in some kind of trouble?" I took a deep breath.  
"Well, yes, she is&hellip; we need to talk face to face so that we may work
  a few things out.." The young woman stared at me for just a moment, and then
  nodded and crooked a finger at me, motioning for me to step out of the car.  
"Come with me, then." Her smile abated but she was calm, looking slightly
  down into my eyes. "I will show you where she is."  
Her demeanor made me uncomfortable for some reason, and I swallowed hard
  as I broke eye contact for a moment. "Uhm," I stuttered. "Actually, I'm waiting
  for backup before entering the building. It's standard procedure." I managed
  a slight smile while her face remained expressionless. I felt like a chickenshit
  for telling this tiny woman that I preferred to wait, but I didn't care. The
  young woman simply nodded again, and then opened the car door. She scooted
  in close, her upper thigh grazing against the tip of my kneecap. She took one
  of my hands in both of hers, smiling as she continued looking into my eyes. "What
  is your name?"  
"My-my name's Dan" I was inexplicably nervous. A chill danced up my spine.  
"Nice to meet you, Dan. My name is Carmen." Her warm breath and sweet smell
  engulfed my senses. She squeezed my hand lightly, affectionately, pulling it
  towards her, coaxing me almost maternally. "Now come with me. I will take you
  inside. There is nothing to be afraid of."  
I smiled. Against my better judgment and intuition to the contrary, I stood
  up and walked with her. Time slowed. She brushed against me, the gentle smell
  of her tender skin encircling my fingers coupled with a soft jasmine scented
  perfume causing my loins to stir. She walked ahead, ever so slightly, ever
  so slowly, out of the glow of the streetlight and into the darkness of the
  abandoned building.  
Carmen led me inside the old warehouse, which was in a serious state of disrepair.
  A chilly draft and musty smell threatened to disperse her feminine presence
  while we followed a labyrinth of old makeshift offices connecting one room
  with the other. Ancient termite infested pallets lined the walls of a large
  area near a loading dock, used a generation ago for storing and stacking various
  dry goods. Presently we reached a steep, dilapidated staircase. It led almost
  straight down into what appeared to be a basement. The chilly draft wafting
  up from the room added to a sense of imminent dread. Carmen stopped, releasing
  my hand as she stood behind me.  
"She's down there." Carmen laid the palm of her hand squarely on my
    ass, almost pushing me. Her squeezing fingers caused my member to stiffen
    beneath my pants. "Follow the staircase and you will find her."  
"Are you coming with me?" I began to shiver slightly, both from the cool breeze
and apprehension. She patted my behind lightly, affectionately, as if to reassure
me.   
"I'm right behind you," she whispered. "Now go."  
I slowly descended the steep steps, gingerly placing one foot down below
  the other, sinking down into the darkness. I felt Carmen's hand move from my
  ass up to my belt, as she stayed above me, gripping it tightly with surprising
  strength, as though to prevent me from turning around without great difficulty.  
 The boards creaked as I stepped down, smelling of dry rot, echoing through
  the room below. I thought I heard whispering in Spanish, then giggling, then
  more whispering and light chatter, all obviously feminine. Carmen pushed into
  the small of my back from above, prodding me downward. I saw nothing in the
  dark but felt a presence, like body heat or pheromones surrounding me. Suddenly,
  there were two pairs of hands gripping each of my ankles tightly, pulling and
  holding both feet on the bottom step.  
"Hey!" I shouted. What's-"  
"Callate!" I recognized the Spanish admonition to be quiet. I was ready to
  speak again when Carmen abruptly pushed my neck forward. Someone pulled hard
  on my hair, then my shoulders and arms, pulling me flat. I was in a sea of
  hands and arms and legs, clutching and restraining me, fondling and groping
  me, strong female bodies pushing and bumping me, forcing me down onto my back.
  I felt someone remove my firearm, then my handcuffs and wallet. I was intentionally
  spun in circles, dizzied and disoriented as my belt and tie were taken off.
  My shirt was ripped open and a tight grip grasped my hair as my arms and legs
  were splayed out spread eagle on the cold concrete floor. I was pinned helplessly,
  rendered immobile by tight asses and vise like thighs imprisoning my extremities.
  Someone took my shoes and socks off, then ripped my pants down, slicing off
  my underwear with a knife. My shirt was torn asunder, rent into tatters. I
  began to shiver profusely as the chilly concrete floor stole more heat than
  my captors replaced with their own bodies. I lay supine and naked, totally
  helpless.  
Finally, a light came on.  
I was able to make out at least a dozen young Latino women, none looked over
  twenty years of age, all wore black or purple clothing. Some had bandanas wrapped
  around the tops of their heads; a few toted knives and sported tattoos on young,
  muscular shoulders and arms. They came in all shapes and sizes. They were all
  beautiful, heavily made up and apparently directed by Carmen, who barked commands
  beyond the scope of my limited Spanish vocabulary to have them adjust my position
  slightly. After a short time she straddled my chest, then looked me in the
  eye, applying a thick layer of bright red lipstick to her mouth.  
Carmen stroked my face, then leaned over to kiss me hard behind my left ear.
  Her object was clearly to leave a mark, her tiny mouth suckling my neck as
  she transferred the lipstick onto my skin. She inspected the mark with a finger,
  and then smiled.  
"I have tagged you, perra," she said. "Now I will groom you."  
She reached behind her belt, pulling out an object. Carmen held her hand
  close to my face, and then quickly snapped opened a switchblade knife. She
  giggled delightedly as the blade suddenly extended to within a centimeter of
  my nose, watching me react by jerking back violently. Carmen got off of me,
  kneeling by my side, then slowly kissed and licked her way down my naked chest
  and stomach as the other women held me utterly motionless. Carmen watched my
  cock expand and strain upward as she stimulated me, smiling and chatting in
  Spanish with the other girls while one of them idly fondled my cock and squeezed
  my exposed balls. They watched it respond, giggling. It was clearly their desire
  that my member be fully engorged.  
Carmen began to lick my pubic hair. She wet it with her tongue, meticulously
  matting it down. Her hot breath drifted across my cock, causing me to whimper
  and involuntarily jerk. She abruptly looked at me and slapped my balls hard,
  admonishing me as I recoiled in pain.  
"Hold still. Stay hard but do not cum under any circumstances, do you understand
  me?"  
"Yes," I said. She squeezed my balls painfully.  
"Yes what?"  
"Yes-yes Ma'am." She smiled, releasing my balls and tickling them.  
"That will do for now, perra. But I am grooming you for another." She smiled
  wickedly at me, and then resumed licking my pubic hair. After rendering it
  sufficiently damp, she took the sharp blade from the knife, pulling it like
  a straight razor across my bush. I winced, and then tried to buck as I realized
  what she was trying to do. Several girls responded to my movements by pinning
  me down using their full body weight. Carmen gripped my balls hard.  
"Settle down NOW." she said. Her stern demeanor coupled with the realization
  that escape was impossible forced me to capitulate. I sighed heavily, and then
  stopped struggling. The girls settled into their hold on me, and within seconds
  I could no longer move a millimeter. Sensing my submission, Carmen smiled.
  She loosened her grip, tickling the underside of my scrotum until I was fully
  aroused again.  
"This is for your own safety, perra. I would hate to spoil your pretty body
  with my blade." I whimpered and trembled, partly from the hard, cold concrete
  floor relentlessly sucking away my body heat, and partly from her words and
  my own feelings of abject fear and helplessness.  
She carefully scraped off my wet pubic hair with the knife, leaning forward,
  meticulously licking her way around my cock and balls and then removing the
  momentarily softened, matted pubes from my skin. Carmen's hot breath engulfed
  my cock, and her fine hair grazed it gently as she worked, serving to keep
  me in a full state of arousal. I offered no resistance, moaning softly as she
  ensured that my crotch was completely bald by massaging it gently with her
  long fingers.  
"When was the last time you were hairless down here baby, hmm? I'll bet it
  was when you were a little boy, is that right?" She smiled down at me, flicking
  my hard cock.  
"Yes, Ma'am." I squirmed, trying hard not to cum.  
"You are a little boy again, perra. You are a little boy among superior girls,
  isn't that right?  
"Yes Ma'am." I sighed heavily.  
Carmen stood, straddling me. "I want to show you something." She unbuckled
  her belt and jeans, and then slid her pants down to her knees, revealing a
  pair of black leather panties. Carmen put one hand on each side of her hips,
  sidling them down a few inches. She revealed a thick, hairy, curly dark brown
  swatch of pubic hair. It twinkled in the dim lighting with the hint of moisture.
  She leaned in close to my face, whispering huskily.  
"Girls don't shave their pussies in this family." I was mesmerized by her
  full, delectable bush and musky scent just inches from me. She continued. "Pussy
  hair means power here. We take control of the boys and sluts in our family
  and shave their pubic areas. Then we make them obey, just as we will make you
  obey." She pushed her crotch very close to my face. I could smell her scent
  and feel her substantial bush tickle my nose.  
"Kiss me.," she said. "Worship my pussy. Worship our collective pussies with
  your lips. And from your lips you will promise to submit and obey, for you
  are powerless in our presence."  
I kissed her bush, tasting her tangy juices. I was going to worship her with
  my tongue, but Carmen quickly pulled away, holding me at bay by my hair. She
  smiled.  
"Now&hellip; promise to obey," she said. It became very quiet. Every eye
  was suddenly upon me, unsmiling. It dawned on me that this ritual held great
  importance to the group. Still pinned naked on the concrete floor of the warehouse,
  I had little choice but to say what was expected.  
"I promise," I said meekly. "I promise to obey." Carmen smiled.  
"Are you ready to serve as a bitch of Las Hembras?" I hesitated for just
  a moment, trembling. A woman twisted my balls, inflicting pain.  
"YES!" I blurted out. The pain persisted for a moment.  
"Yes what? Say it, bald little boy."  
"Yes, I am ready to serve as a bitch of Las Hembras!" My voice cracked as
  I sobbed a bit, then burst into tears. Carmen leaned down, nuzzling me into
  her breasts tenderly.  
"And we are ready to accept your service, perra." She held me close, stroking
  my hair. "Your Mistress will take you hard tonight and you will bond tightly
  with her. Accept it. Do not try to resist or run away from us. Always submit
  and obey and we will take care of you, teach you, and protect you. Do you understand?"  
"Y-yes." I mouthed, barely audible. My voice was choked with tears. Carmen
  smiled, pulling her panties and jeans back up.  
"I think you are ready." she smiled at me.  
Carmen barked a few commands in Spanish. The women hauled me to my feet and
  held my arms over my head. I gasped as a frilly white wedding gown was pulled
  over my body and a veil was tied over my head. I was made to step into a garter,
  with white stockings being rolled up over my legs and tight, white high-heeled
  pumps placed upon my feet. The scent of roses was overwhelming. My wrists were
  pulled behind my back and restrained with my own handcuffs. Carmen ran her
  hand across my ass, squeezing a little, then held the chain that separated
  the cuffs. She motioned me to move forward, which I did. Carmen giggled when
  I had a little trouble walking in the shoes. I cautiously moved ahead some
  twenty or thirty steps before she tugged on the chain, stopping me.  
"Kneel here." she said. I knelt on the cold concrete floor as she pushed
  down on my shoulders. She kicked my legs apart, clutching a handful of my hair. "Wait." she
  said. I had little choice. We waited in silence for a few moments, my knees
  grinding painfully under my weight into the hard cement.  
I felt a light breeze slide up my dress accompanied by a creaking noise in
  the distance, as though a door had been opened on the other side of the mostly
  empty building. Light chatter and laughter in Spanish was audible from a distance.
  Shoes clacked in sync on the concrete and became louder as a pair of silhouetted
  figures approached, hand in hand. Although it was impossible to discern their
  faces, I could tell that both were female. One wore a loose knee-length skirt
  and heels while the other appeared to be dressed in jeans and boots. Carmen
  patted my head affectionately, and then spontaneously bent forward to kiss
  it. The two figures edged closer, then stopped. They wrapped their arms around
  each other tenderly as a tiny ray of light bathed their faces.  
They kissed passionately. It was Linda and Gloria, locked in a lover's embrace.
  Gloria whimpered as Linda tipped the slightly shorter woman's head back, then
  groped a hand between her thighs and up her dress as their lips met. The scent
  of passion engulfed them, steaming my libido and causing my own erection to
  stir, poking lewdly through the feminine, frilly garment I was wearing. Gloria
  noticed this and smiled down at me, giggling.  
"Oh, Daniel" she said, mockingly. "I meant to tell you. It really wasn't
  necessary for you to come down here after all." She looked at Linda. "Ms. Carrillo
  and I have made --- arrangements."  
 They both laughed aloud and kissed again, and then held one another close
  for a few moments, stroking each other's hair. The room was silent. Gloria
  broke the kiss off, turning back towards me and slapping me across the face
  hard.  
 "Look at you!" She slapped me hard again. "All trussed up like someone's
  little slut. Whose bitch are you tonight, honey?" I couldn't answer. My face
  burned with the sting of Gloria's palm and the shame of her words. My cock
  betrayed my sense of dignity, rising in homage to her. She walked in circles
  around me, mocking me, poking me. Linda stood back, watching silently.  
 "All you had to do was wait for me, you worthless sack of shit." She kicked
  me a few times in the side and pushed me back. I remained silent, enduring
  her assault. "Instead, you fucked up royally and allowed yourself to be captured." She
  grabbed me by the hair, gazing straight into my eyes, and then slapped me hard
  across the face with each successive word. "What &ndash; a &ndash; fucking &ndash; idiot!"  
 Gloria pushed me back hard, forcing me onto my back on the hard floor. She
  kicked me painfully about the shoulders and head, taunting me, pressing the
  heel of her shoe hard into my chest. I began to tremble in genuine fear of
  my safety. I was supine and handcuffed, unable to defend myself with Gloria
  seemingly out of control with her anger. She reared back for a hard kick to
  my temple .when someone pulled her off.  
 "That's enough, girl."  
 It was Linda. She pushed Gloria back, then stood between us. I inched backward,
  behind and underneath Linda's protective legs.  
 "But, Mistress! He's pathetic! He doesn't deserve any kind of resp-"  
 "I said, that's enough, girl!" Linda pushed Gloria back again, then slapped
  her. Gloria backed down, retreating into the corner. Linda gathered me up,
  then held me. I was sobbing and trembling. She wiped my tears, then looked
  deeply into my eyes.  
 "He wanted to help me." She kissed my forehead, then my cheeks, then sopped
  up some diminishing tears with her long hair. She smiled tenderly at me, almost
  whispering. "He was so cute, so gallant, trying to straighten out this poor,
  wayward girl." Linda giggled, then abruptly tipped my head back. She kissed
  me, sliding her tongue deep inside, probing my mouth.  
 "He was stupid to fall for that." Gloria brushed herself off defiantly. "A
  real idiot, if you ask me." Linda glared at her, then looked back at me. Her
  eyes sizzled.  
 "He is a male." She said. "He is inherently susceptible to coercion by a
  superior woman." Linda suckled my earlobe, then kissed me sensually and possessively
  across the neck. She looked back at Gloria. "What's your excuse?"  
 "Wha-what?" Gloria was taken aback. Linda stood up and patted my head, then
  circled towards her.  
 "You heard me. He's a male and no match for me. What are you doing here
  if you are so much better than he is?" Gloria backed against the wall as Linda
  eyed her.  
 "Well, I-"  
` "Take down your dress, girl." Linda gazed into Gloria's eyes, then kissed
  her. Gloria began to respond when Linda pushed her away and abruptly slapped
  her.  
 "I said, take down your dress." Gloria trembled for a moment, then broke
  eye contact and began to comply, She unzipped her skirt from behind, allowing
  it to drop to the floor. I watched, mesmerized. Linda clutched Gloria's pantyhose
  and roughly pulled them to her knees, revealing a shaved pussy. Linda smiled.  
 "Mmmmm, what's this, girl?" Linda traced circles around Gloria's labia as
  the woman trembled, then began to sob softly. "You have a bald little snatch?"  
 "Y-y-yes Mistress." Linda looked her in the eye.  
 "You know that none of the sisters here shave, don't you, girl?"  
 "Yes, Mistress, I know that." Linda smiled, pulling her fingers to her mouth,
  tasting Gloria's juices.  
 "What does this mean then, this hairless pussy of yours?" Gloria swallowed
  hard.  
 "It-it-it means that I am not a sister, Mistress." Linda smiled.  
 "No, no, you are not a sister. You are no sister of mine. Is that clear,
  girl?" Gloria sobbed openly, tears streaming down her cheeks. Linda slapped
  her hard.  
 "What are you, girl?"  
 "A slut" Gloria whispered softly, barely audible. Linda slapped her again.  
 "Louder. Say it again. What are you, girl? 
"I am a slut, Mistress." Linda nodded.   
 "Yes, you are. And whose slut are you, girl?"  
 "I am your slut, Mistress." Gloria wept openly and looked at the floor..
  Linda clutched her chin and pulled her face back up, forcing eye contact.  
 "Yes, you are, slut. And no two-bit uppity little whore in this family is
  going to disrespect or misuse anything that belongs to me, is that clear?" Gloria
  cried, tears peppering her cheeks.  
 "Yes Mistress, it-it's clear." Linda smiled and kissed her tenderly, fingering
  her exposed pussy. Gloria squirmed a bit. Linda broke off the kiss and slapped
  her hard, then roughly pushed her to the floor.  
 "Don't hurt him again. Now I mean that. Do you understand me?"  
 "Yes Mistress" Gloria whimpered softly  
 "Get your clothes on, slut. Get dressed and get the fuck out of here." Gloria
  began to stand up, but Linda put a foot in her back, pushing her down. "No,
  girl. Put them on down there and then crawl away like the little gutter slut
  that you are." Gloria complied, awkwardly getting into her clothes and slouching
  away. Linda returned to me, kneeling down, pulling my head into her breasts,
  nuzzling me as I wept.  
 "You are safe now, my little bride to be."  
 Linda took off the handcuffs, and then took my hand into hers. She squeezed
  tightly, surprising me both with her strength and with the size of her hand.
  I still trembled, but her reassuring grip succeeded in soothing me and allaying
  my fears as she pulled me to my feet and led me through the throng of young
  women who had captured and stripped me moments before. I felt weak, as though
  I needed her protection and strength. They stared and smirked, but they dared
  not challenge their leader. She slowed our pace and eyed the crowd as we passed,
  pulling me close and running her hand over my ass. We moved across the room
  to a locked door, which Linda opened with a key. She led us inside the dimly
  lit room, closed the door, and refastened the lock.  
We were inside a small, meticulously decorated room reminiscent of a teenage
  girl's bedroom. There were teen idol type posters on the walls, with incense
  and lit candles providing a rippling, low glow. The scent was reminiscent of
  roses. Linda glared at me.  
 "Strip to your garter and stockings. Now!" Her demeanor immediately changed
  as I nervously fumbled with the dress. She slapped me. "Hurry up!" I unbuttoned
  the dress, pushing it down as her eyes burned a hole in my head. She smiled
  as my erection saluted her, arching up towards my face. Linda reached out,
  tracing circles around my hairless cock.  
 "It looks like Carmen did a good job with my little bitch." She giggled,
  stroking my smooth, razor burned skin as I blushed. She then pushed me back
  onto the bed, her serious demeanor returning.  
 "On your tummy, honey. I want to talk to you" I immediately rolled over
  for her. She placed her hand squarely on my ass as she spoke, squeezing slightly.
  Gloria had told me previously that Las Hembras considered this gesture to indicate
  ownership. Linda worked one finger between my asscheeks, tickling lightly.
  She spoke softly, almost whispering.  
 "Just now when we were out there with the other women, you didn't stand
  up to Gloria like a man, did you?"  
 "No, but I &ndash;" I felt oddly uncomfortable, on the defensive. She continued
  stroking me.  
 "You scurried behind my legs and hid, so that I had to stand up and be the
  man with her on your behalf, isn't that right?"  
 "Well, I suppose so, but&hellip;" She squeezed my cheek hard. I took that
  as a directive to be quiet. She leaned down, whispering in my ear.  
 "If I'm the man here, what does that make you, hmmmm?" I swallowed hard,
  hesitating. I knew what she wanted me to say, but the words wouldn't come out.
  She slapped my ass hard. "Answer me. What does that make you?"  
 "The woman." I barely whispered it.  
 "What was that, honey? I didn't hear you." Linda giggled ever so slightly,
  playfully tracing circles around my cheeks.  
 "It makes me the woman." I said it more emphatically, twitching uncomfortably
  as she probed my cheeks a bit deeper with her finger. She leaned over, whispering
  again.  
 "Well precious&hellip; you have the right idea, but I wouldn't call you
  a woman. More like a girl. A weak, frightened little girl." I squirmed at Linda's
  words, knowing that they rang true. She continued.  
 "In fact, I think that from now on, I'm going to call you "girl." What do
  you think of that?" She reached down, stroking my hair  
 "I-I don't know, Mistress&hellip;" I was squirming with her words, wishing
  that she would change the subject. She smiled.  
 "It's okay, princess." Her whisper was genuinely affectionate. "I can make
  you feel more like a girl. Would you like me to do that for you?"  
 "Yes Mistress." I didn't know what else to say. She kissed me behind the
  ear.  
 "Good little girly slut. I'll be right back." Linda turned off the light,
  leaving the room. My cock was rock hard, stiffer than it had yet been with
  her. Sleep overtook me after only a few moments, and I drifted off into a deep
  slumber.  
 I was awakened by a tapping sensation, first across my eyes and forehead,
  then slowly moving down against my cheeks and lips. I stirred and saw Linda
  standing naked over me, a large, translucent, almost grotesque purple object
  between us. My eyes widened when I realized what it was.  
 "No.." I said. "Oh God, Mistress.. no!" I tried to roll away, but realized
  that my wrists had been tightly bound to my ankles, rendering me helpless and
  totally exposing me to her. She clutched my hair, and aggressively pressed
  the stiff strap on dildo to my lips, trying to part my teeth with it.  
 "Yes, slut." I continued to resist as she pressed the object against my
  face. "This is the price you pay for protection. Open your mouth!" I rolled
  my face away, bristling with terror.  
 "No, Mistress.. please, not this. I'll do anything, but please &ndash; " Linda
  roughly cupped both sides of my face as I spoke , using the opportunity to
  push the dildo inside my open mouth. I squirmed, making muffled noises as she
  pressed it towards my throat, gagging me momentarily. I looked her in the eyes,
  pleading.  
 "Relax, bitch. Relax your glottis or you'll choke." I relented, relaxing
  as she slid the dildo to the back of my throat. Remarkably, I stopped gagging.
  She pinned me to the bed, hands on my face, her knees pressing on my shoulders.
  Linda pulled on my ears slightly, coaxing me to suck.  
 "Now, slut," she said. "If you want my protection, you will suck my rubber
  cock. And when I feel like I want to fuck you with it, you will roll over and
  spread your legs and submit to me like a good little girl. Is that clear?" I
  nodded fearfully as she slowly bobbed the dildo in and out. She smiled.  
 "Good princess." She leaned down, whispering. "If you don't want my protection,
  that's okay too. I'll just take my cock out of your mouth and toss your sissy
  ass out that door. You'll be at the mercy of about two dozen sisters who don't
  really like males or the police very much. They especially don't like candy-assed
  pigs on the take who wear garters and stockings. Did you see the size of those
  knives they carry?" I shook my head no. She giggled and tapped on the rubber
  cock, whispering. "This is small in comparison." I went pale as she pulled
  the cock out of my mouth.  
"Now roll over and shut up," she said. "I don't want to hear a peep out of
  you. Is that clear?" I nodded, rolling onto my haunches. "You can scream and
  squeal like a whore in heat when I fuck you, but I don't want to hear any peeping,
  okay?" She giggled as I buried my head in the pillow and spread my legs as
  wide as I could, sobbing quietly to myself, She ran her fingers salaciously
  down the crack of my ass, spreading them, foreshadowing my impending rape.
  I could feel her smile.  
"You're a virgin, aren't you honey?"  
"Y-yes Mistress."  
"Then this will hurt. But if you give yourself to me fully, there will be
  pleasure in it for you as well. Will you cooperate and not fight me?"  
"I'll cooperate, Mistress." She patted my cheeks lightly.  
"Good girl." She said. "Now, no matter what happens, I don't want you to
  cum. Is that clear?" I felt her poise the tip flush against my bud, slowly
  increasing pressure. I wondered how such a violation could possibly induce
  an orgasm in me.  
"Yes Mistress. I will not cum." She continued the pressure, breaching my
  anal cavity. I inhaled sharply.  
"You cum when I say you can cum&hellip; and not before. Is that clear?" She
  pressed inside me slightly deeper. I spread my legs slightly to accommodate
  the large dildo.  
"Y-yes Mistress, it's clear." She grasped my hips hard with her hands and
  leaned over, kissing and licking my ear. She whispered to me.  
"Good." She said. Suddenly she rose up, thrusting hard, abruptly slamming
  her hips against mine, and buried the entire length of her cock inside my rectum.
  I moaned and retched, suddenly overcome with shock and pain, emitting an involuntary
  high pitched squeal. I sounded just like a girl. Linda responded to my reaction,
  hungrily pulling my legs apart. She then bent over, slapping my face hard.
  She leaned down, running her hands up my belly, clutching my small breasts
  and pinching the nipples.  
"Mine. My bitch." She writhed inside me, pumping her hips hard for emphasis.
  The friction inside my anus caused it to heat up as I moaned in submission.  
"Your bitch." I relented, giving myself to her. She growled atop me, fucking
  me harder.  
"My whore." She hammered me again as tears welled in my eyes.  
"Your whore," I spread my legs farther, involuntarily pressing back against
  her. Her perfume commingled with her sweat. Her powerful muscles manipulated
  my tightly bound body and took it, hips slapping against my ass, probing hands
  and fingertips feeling me, her hot breath cascading across my neck as the dildo
  pounded inside me. Amazingly, my own cock grew rock hard as she began pushing
  against my prostate. I squirmed, trying to prevent a climax, remembering her
  admonition. This turned her on even more as she panted salaciously; sweat pouring
  off her chest engulfing my body, finally overtaking her in a loud orgasm.  
She collapsed on top of me, buried inside to the hilt, my body split open
  beneath her. She bit my neck and felt my cock, still hard, dripping with precum
  but still stiff Linda smeared a dollop of my spunk across my face and lips,
  forcing me to lick my own juices. I shuddered, whimpering as I licked, stripped
  of whatever remaining manhood I'd had left. She began to pull out, sated and
  self-satisfied.  
"Good little slut. Now don't you feel just like a girl?" I lay there shivering,
  violated.  
"Yes Mistress." I replied meekly. She rolled me over, smiling tenderly as
  our eyes met. She pulled off the dildo, casting it aside.  
"You have been a good little bride." She leaned down, kissing me tenderly,
  playfully stroking my cock as a means of keeping it stiff. I lay there helpless,
  still bound tightly, unable to move. She rose up and smiled, then turned as
  the door quietly unlocked and opened. I gasped.  
It was Gloria. She had changed into leather boots, blue jeans, and a black
  T-shirt. Her hair was tied back into a bun, as though she was preparing to
  go to work. She smiled and embraced Linda's still naked form warmly. They kissed
  sensually. The sight caused my cock to twitch anew. They spoke in Spanish as
  Gloria inspected the large dildo, laughing in my direction and licking the
  perspiration off her lover's damp body as Linda used animated body language
  to reenact my rape. I trembled in fear, remembering how Gloria had humiliated
  and nearly seriously injured me earlier.  
Linda pointed casually towards me. Gloria made eye contact, her smile fading,
  and then slowly walked over. I lay helpless, my wrists and ankles tied together,
  squirming on the bed. I tried to find Linda with my eyes, nonverbally seeking
  the protection I had bought with my virginity, but she was gone.  
Gloria sat down on the edge of the bed. She said nothing. Her eyes met mine
  in a menacing gaze, and I looked away briefly. She responded by clutching my
  chin and moving her face closer, forcing my eyes to meet hers. Her stare never
  broke, and she never smiled. Still fully clothed, she was intimidating and
  predatory.  
After a few moments, she clutched a handful of my hair, and then bent down
  to kiss me. It was more like an attack than a sensual kiss, as her tongue plowed
  deep inside my mouth, probing it relentlessly. Her other hand moved from my
  chin down to my throat, and she squeezed. Not hard enough to choke me or cut
  off my breathing, merely hard enough to remind me that she easily could do
  so if she so chose. I squirmed in futility trying to resist, making muffled
  noises into her mouth. She continued to kiss me hard for a few moments, and
  then abruptly broke it off, releasing me.  
Gloria rose up for a moment, then proceeded to reach down and touch me. She
  concentrated on my legs and still rigid cock, placing special emphasis on the
  stockings and garters and other feminine clothing I was wearing. She tweaked
  and rubbed my nipples and ran her hands over the sides of my face. She still
  did not smile or speak. There was not a hint of emotion present in her manner,
  merely workmanlike efficiency.  
Finally, she stood up and began to disrobe. She pulled off her shirt and
  bra underneath, allowing her full, firm, sensuous breasts to dangle freely
  from her chest. I licked my lips at the sight, which seemed to annoy her. She
  abruptly bent down, pulling my hair up once again, and pressed my face squarely
  into her cleavage. She held me there, arms wrapped tightly around my neck,
  suffocating me. I writhed and squirmed for a while, becoming more desperate
  as my air supply depleted. She released me just as I felt myself slipping into
  the abyss, rising up only a few inches. Her scent and essence wafted into my
  lungs as I recovered. I looked up to see only her breasts in my field of vision,
  her stiff nipples and areolas looking more like ominous orbs than sensual globes..
  Gloria had sent me a message, that her breasts were powerful and formidable
  and not playthings to promote male sexual gratification. She was strong, while
  I remained weak and bound. I felt my cock stiffen all over again with the realization
  as she slowly rose up.  
She unbuckled her belt, pushing her blue jeans down to the floor and removing
  her boots, revealing a pair of black leather panties underneath. She reached
  underneath her crotch, gathering some of her juices, smearing her pungent scent
  across my nose and mouth before slowly pulling her panties off.  
Gloria stepped back, allowing me to view her full form. I was careful not
  to reveal any expression that could be strewn as disrespectful Nevertheless,
  her shapely hips, her firm, supple breasts, her shaved pussy, her perfect derriere
  that I had memorized from forced worship the day before, all conspired to force
  my member to strain upward.  
She pulled her hair from its bun, allowing it flow forward, over her shoulders
  and across her back as she approached me. I recoiled as much as my bonds would
  allow. I was intimidated by her and afraid of her demonstrated unpredictability,
  and did not desire sex with this woman regardless of my aroused state. Gloria
  had to sense this but didn't care. She moved in like a cat, climbing abruptly
  onto the bed and swinging my bound leg towards her. She forcefully sat on my
  stomach, easily subduing me, clutching my throat and constricting my breath
  ever so slightly until I capitulated. She burned her expressionless gaze into
  mine, holding onto my neck, reaching back with her other hand to painfully
  bend my cock forward and into her slippery vortex. I grunted as she forcefully
  impaled herself, squeezing my neck and repeatedly slapping my face. She wrapped
  her legs around mine tightly, engulfing me with her wetness, squeezing my hard
  cock possessively with her vaginal muscles. I moaned from the intense pleasure,
  squirming to keep from climaxing before I had permission.  
Gloria shifted herself atop me. She moved slowly at first, fucking me with
  deep strokes, gritting her teeth and mumbling in Spanish, then going progressively
  harder and faster as she raped me. I struggled in vain to somehow escape, or
  at least gain a modicum of control in order to ward off the psychological effects
  of being taken by her, but it was no use. My bonds kept me securely hogtied,
  restricting my movements as she used me, pounding her hips onto my engorged
  groin, clutching my tiny boy breasts and rolling my sensitive nipples until
  I moaned in submission. She fucked me hard and deep, intensifying her thrusts,
  making the bed squeak, causing our sweat to commingle. I felt her cum on my
  balls, he hot, wet juices marking me, coating my sensitive skin with her delicious
  warmth. I swooned in ecstasy as I felt her grip me tightly, a guttural scream
  rumbling from deep within her lungs. I was slipping away, almost unable to
  hold back anymore.  
"Cum," a voice whispered. It was Linda, whispering into my ear, touching
  herself, nibbling at my lobes. "Cum, princesses&hellip; give yourself to my
  girl."  
I responded, arching my back quickly. I let go, shooting a hot rope of spunk
  deep inside Gloria, my senses blurring briefly as I gave myself to raw pleasure,
  seeing nothing but red. I moaned as she milked me, thrusting herself to yet
  another orgasm as she did so. Then she collapsed on top of me, her full body
  weight bearing down, holding me tight, suddenly kissing me tenderly along my
  neck and cheeks. She pushed her tongue inside my mouth once again, this time
  more gently, stroking my hair and face as I remained inside her, still spasming
  with pleasure. I saw a single tear stream down Gloria's cheek as she finally
  broke her stoic expression and smiled.  
"I love you," she whispered.  
**************************************************************  
I waited patiently as the laser printer whirred to life, eventually ejecting
  a lengthy legal document. It was some sort of power of attorney decree requiring
  my signature in several places, although I'd been instructed by my Mistress
  Linda to simply sign where indicated and not to pay its contents much heed.  
She sat snuggled close next to me on the office sofa, with Gloria snuggled
  close on the other side. They each held onto one of my hands with both of theirs,
  pulling each arm into their respective laps. It felt like their attentions
  were more to restrain me in the event I objected in any way to the proceedings
  at hand than to show affection. In the meantime, Ms. Eva Dominguez, a matronly,
  short haired, slightly overweight forty something attorney retained by my Mistress,
  smiled down at me.  
"This is a very generous gift you are tendering to the Las Chicas Diablas
  foundation, Daniel&hellip; a very generous gift indeed." She donned a pair
  of reading glasses, quickly marking off those areas requiring my signature.
  I bowed my head slightly and nodded in response, knowing that I had little
  choice but to sign the document. "There are some wayward, disadvantaged young
  girls out in the world that will have a brighter future because of the action
  you are taking today." Linda smiled.  
"He is a good man, Eva&hellip; we are so proud of him." She released my hand
  so that I could sign the form. Linda's smile abated ever so slightly as she
  made eye contact with me, an obvious nonverbal suggestion that I'd best sign
  the form if I knew what was good for me. Her smile peaked again as I leaned
  forward and placed my signature and initials in the appropriate places.  
I was, essentially, relinquishing all interest in my property and income
  with a single stroke of the pen. My house would be placed on the market and
  sold, with the proceeds going to Las Hembras under the guise of a fictitious
  charity. The title to my car and my investments would go to Linda, with my
  salary being directly deposited into a bank account managed by Gloria. I would
  be set up in a small studio apartment with a tiny stipend for necessities.
  The women would henceforth manage all of my financial affairs.  
I would continue to work as a parole officer, but Gloria would make all of
  the actual decisions regarding parole. While I would authorize the release
  of many female gang members, some would remain behind bars as a means of consolidating
  the organization's control in prison as well, eventually being rotated out.
  In addition, male gangsters who failed to cooperate with Las Hembras would
  be subject to trumped up parole violation charges and extended prison time.  
Gloria reached up to my neck, stroking and kissing the new tattoo I sported
  behind my left ear. It was a tiny pink rose without any thorns, a delicate,
  vulnerable looking flower, completely indicative of my status as a male slave
  in an all-female gang. Gloria had confided in me that she'd wanted to take
  me as a lover for some time, but that her Mistress Linda had demanded that
  I be forced to capitulate to her and the gang first. Gloria's hostile temperament
  towards me had been entirely Linda's idea, with the intent being to mandate
  that I seek her protection.  
As I completed signing the documents, the women all began conversing with
  one another in Spanish. I immediately lowered my head, since Linda had informed
  me that all such conversations among women were intended to be private. I was
  not to use my limited linguistic skills to try to decipher their words, but
  simply had to wait until they began to speak English again. I didn't have to
  wait long.  
"Well, honey," Linda spoke to Gloria. "I think we'd best be going. Eva, you
  send our little princess home when you're done with her, okay?" The girls got
  up to leave as I remained on the couch. Both hugged and kissed me, then exited
  out the door. Eva grinned, and then sat on the couch next to me. She leaned
  against the armrest and lewdly flipped her left leg onto the sofa, revealing
  a pair of crotchless pantyhose beneath her dress and a hairy, exposed pussy.
  She snapped her fingers, pointed between her legs and leaned back expectantly.  
"Get busy, little slut," she said. "I don't work for nothing, you know." I
  obediently knelt on the floor and kissed my way up her thighs to her musk scented
  wetness. She grabbed my hair and clutched her thick legs about my head, moaning
  and emoting in Spanish as she came in my mouth. It was the first of many climaxes
  that afternoon, and the first of many, many days spent in the service of Las
  Hembras.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DrDan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





