BDSM Library - The Twelve Days of Christmas




The Twelve Days of Christmas
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Woman kidnapped and used as a Christmas tree ornament with some very special surprises.
The Twelve Days of Christmas

Christine was a part time fetish model who worked in an adult shop. She was very
sexually active and enjoyed the occasional BDSM play. The shop was ideal for her
because she could dress the part and flirt with the customers as well as knowing
the products intimately. She could sometimes even pick up the occasional sex
partner.

It was late Christmas Eve and nearly time to close the shop and go home. She had
worn a tight, black leather corset and 6" high stiletto heels all day and was
looking forward to a rest. She was also looking forward to two weeks leave.
Andy, the shop owner, said that he would close the shop if she wanted to get off
a few minutes early. She gave him a kiss, pulled her long coat about herself and
left. It was cold outside but she only had a fifteen-minute walk to her
apartment.

She was nearly home when a van pulled up just in front of here. The sign on the
van said something about Xmas decorations. She ignored it and walked past.
"Excuse me Miss." Shouted a voice from the van. "Can you tell me where Miller
Street is?"
Christine turned around and saw a clean-cut young man leaning out of the window
with a book in his hand. She stopped.
"Miller Street?" she replied. "Down the other end of the main road on your
right. Turn right at the traffic lights, then I think it's a couple of streets
down on the left."
"Thanks. Sorry, I'm new around here, can you just point it out on the map
please." He asked politely.
Christine sighed; she just wanted to get home and into the warmth. She walked
the few yards back to the van and began to look at the map. She had to turn with
her back to the van to see the map properly.
"There it is." She said, pointing to the street.
"Ah, yes. Thanks Miss." Said the young man.
"You're welcome." Replied Christine, as she was just about to walk off.
Suddenly something soft covered her nose and mouth and she was pulled back
towards the van. She struggled for a few seconds and that was the last she
remembered.

When she woke up, she found herself lying on a leather couch looking out across
a large room. It was an old fashioned room with very tall ceilings, polished
wooden furniture, large leather chairs and another leather couch. Obviously
owned by very wealthy people. Christine tried to sit up and instantly found out
that she couldn't. Not only were her arms bound behind her back but also her
body would not bend. As she returned to full consciousness, she realised that
her arms had been bound together in a single glove. She had worn one of these
before and knew full well how restricting they were. Even so, she tried to bend
her waist to sit up but soon realised that was impossible; surely her corset
wasn't that stiff.
"Ah, she's awake." Said a voice behind her.
She heard the sound of people walking around the couch. As she looked about,
three men and a woman came into view.
"Merry Christmas, Christine." Said one of the men. "Welcome to our house. I hope
you enjoy your stay."
Christine's eyes darted back and forth looking at each of them.
"What do you mean? Who are you? What have you done to me?" She cried.
"You're our Christmas Angel." Replied one of the other men. "I thought you knew.
Didn't the decorator tell you?"
"Tell me what?" cried Christine in fear.
"Oh, she doesn't know." Smiled the woman as she stroked Christine's long blonde
hair. "How delicious. What a surprise we have for you Angel."
Christine was becoming really frightened now, not knowing what was going on. Two
of the men swung her around and pulled her to a sitting position, and then they
took her by the shoulders and lifted her to a standing position. As they lifted
her up, Christine became acutely aware of what they had done to her while she
was unconscious. Her black corset had been removed and replaced with another
one. This corset was made from pink satin and heavily boned with steel bones. It
was absolutely rigid from breast to hip. Her large heavy breasts lay naked on a
heavily padded and underwired quarter cup tray that thrust them out in front of
her. She felt stockings attached to her corset and her feet had been forced into
ballet-toed shoes. Looking down past her tits she could see the matching pink
satin shoes with narrow pointed toes and what must have been 10" high stiletto
heels. Without help she would have been unable to stand by herself.
"Come with us Christine." They said as they helped her walk to the far corner of
the room.
Humiliated and helpless she could do nothing but follow. About ten feet from the
corner, they lowered her down so that she could kneel on the carpet. Right in
front of her was a tall steel pole about eight feet high. It was several inches
in diameter, painted brown and securely bolted to the floor.
Christine's gaze wandered up the pole. Halfway up was what looked like a small
footrest. Right at the top was a small leather saddle, barely a few inches long
and looked like a cut down version of one from a racing bicycle. Out of the top
of the saddle, to Christine's horror, rose two huge dildos; each one must have
been 8" long and 2" in diameter.
"You can't�you don't mean to�" stammered Christine in horror.
"Oh yes we do my little angel." Whispered the woman in Christine's ear as her
long nailed fingers caressed Christine's tits. "You're our very own Christmas
tree angel and you're going to look very pretty for us.
Christine burst into tears. "Let me go, please. You can't, you can't do this to
me."
"Yes we can slut." Yelled the woman as she took hold of Christine's nipples and
pulled them out from her body, pulling up her heavy breasts and shaking them.
Christine cried out in pain as her tender nipples were stretched but the woman
took no notice and kept squeezing and pulling them.
"Put that neck corset on the slut so she can't wriggle around." Ordered the
woman as she kept pulling and stretching Christine's nipples.
Christine yelled out partly in pain and partly in pleasure as the woman
continued to squeeze her nipples.  One of the men wrapped a matching pink satin
neck corset around Christine's neck and began to lace it tight at the back. This
corset too was steel boned and within minutes, Christine's neck was stretched
and held completely rigid with her head tilted up at what they called a
"lady-like" angle. The back of the neck corset was then fastened to the back of
her corset so that Christine was unable to move her head in any direction.

Now that Christine was absolutely helpless, the woman knelt next of her.
"Let me explain as few things to you slut." She began. "It's Christmas Eve and
we have to finish decorating the tree tonight. Of course, as you know, the
Christmas tree stays up for twelve days and since you're going to be our angel,
you're going to be mounted on that tree for the next twelve days."
Christine was shocked and terrified and desperately wishing that she would wake
up from this nightmare.
"We're not thoughtless and this is Christmas so we have a present for you. If
you look on top of the pole, you'll see two dildos waiting for you, one for your
cunt and one for your arse. Since you're going to be mounted for twelve days, we
have to look after your natural functions. So, the dildo up your arse will also
give you enemas on a regular basis to clean you out. The one up your cunt also
has a catheter attachment so you won't have to worry about peeing." She
continued, gloating over everything she said. "Of course the dildos can also
vibrate and have a few other little niceties too.
Christine felt as if she was going to faint.
"All right." Said the woman. "Let's mount the Angel."
The men all laughed as they stepped forward to haul Christine to her feet.

Once standing, the woman held up Christine while the men put some stepladders
next to the pole.
"Have you ever been fucked in the arse slut?" asked the woman.
"No, of course not." cried Christine.
"In that case we better prepare you." She said smiling.
"What do you mean?" Cried Christine.
As she was speaking, a pair of hands grasped her head and jaws from behind and
held her mouth open. Christine was helpless as the woman forced a large O-ring
gag into her mouth and fastened the straps behind her head. The 2" diameter
O-ring held Christine's mouth obscenely wide open.
"Bring her into the bathroom." Ordered the woman. "At least she'll be quiet
now."
Christine was bodily lifted up by two men and carried out of the room and into
an adjoining bathroom. She was then placed on a floor mat and forced forward so
that her hips were thrust up into the air. Christine felt someone's fingers rub
a cool lubricant around her arsehole and then she felt the finger force its way
inside her. Next she felt something penetrate her anus. Once inside it swelled
up as someone pumped up the bladder.
"Now for your enema slut." Laughed the woman. "We want you clean to start with.
Christine felt the warm liquid start to fill her. She had no idea how much they
were putting in but she soon felt as if she was going to burst. Finally they
lifted her up and placed her on the toilet. When they deflated the bladder, the
force of the liquid inside blew out the enema tube and she emptied herself. They
cleaned her out three more times before she was considered clean enough.
Christine wanted to scream but with her mouth forced open with the O-ring, not
much sound came out. Finally they washed her and then lubricated her arsehole
before rolling her on her back.
"Hold her open." Said the woman as she sat down between Christine's legs. "Have
you ever had another woman in here?" she asked as she started to put her
lubricated fingers into Christine's vagina. "How do you like my fingers up your
cunt?"
With her legs spread wide for everyone to see her, Christine was humiliated
beyond belief and just wanted to scream but the expert manipulations of this
woman soon overcame that desire. No matter how Christine felt about the total
humiliation that had happened to her, she could not stop herself from becoming
aroused. The woman kept lubricating her cunt and caressing her clitoris like
nothing else and soon, despite the total humiliation, she found herself rushing
towards an orgasm. Of course the woman was an expert and she knew exactly when
to stop leaving Christine in a state of total frustration and humiliation.
"That's enough for now slut." She said enjoying every moment of Christine's
torment. "It's time to get you mounted."

Christine was lifted to her feet and marched back to the room with the pole. By
the time that she stood in front of the pole, her feet had gone numb from
standing and walking in the tight ballet toed shoes. The rigid, encasing corset
and neck corset restricted her breathing to almost nothing and she felt as if
she was going to faint again. There was no resistance left in her as she stood
waiting to be mounted.

A rope was lowered from a pulley on the ceiling and attached to the back of her
corset then she was lifted a few inches off the ground and left swinging around.
"We can't waste a good fuck." Said one of the men as he opened his pants and
pulled out his cock."
"It's all you ever think about isn't it?" replied the woman smiling back at him.
"And what do you think about?" he replied.
"Oh alright, fuck the slut then." She said. "I'll go and get the decorations."
The woman turned and left the room, leaving Christine at the mercy of the three
men. By now all three of them had stripped naked and were crowding around her
suspended body.

Christine tried to scream out but only a slight gurgle came out of her open
mouth. She felt them grab her legs from behind and pulled them wide apart
leaving her totally exposed. Suddenly she felt a cock up against her cunt and
then, without any warning it was thrust deep inside her. If it wasn't for the
lubricant, Christine was sure that she would have been ripped open as the huge
cock plunged deep inside her. Then without a break the man began raping her,
pumping his cock in and out of her cunt making sure that he penetrated her as
fully as he could. Christine had never been so brutally assaulted and she was
powerless to do anything to stop them. After five minutes of incessant rape,
they swapped and another man began raping her. When the third man had raped her,
she heard one of them say, "Let's fuck her arse now."
Christine had no time to even think about it. Suddenly the rapist pulled his
cock out of her cunt, put it up against her arsehole and began forcing himself
inside her. The pain of his brutal entry made Christine want to scream out. She
felt the pressure of his cock against her tight hole, and then he grabbed her
hips and pulled. The feeling and pain of his huge cock forcing her tight hole
open was like nothing she had felt before. As soon as his cock head had opened
her, he forced his long shaft deep inside her, slamming his body up against
hers. Her arsehole felt as if it had been split wide open as he continued his
relentless pumping.
After a few minutes of being sodomised, Christine's mind went blank as she
endured the constant raping of her body. Each man in turn raped and sodomised
her until her mind went numb. For another twenty minutes, they all took turns
raping her until they finally reached their orgasm and filled both her cunt and
her arse with cum.

When the woman returned with the decorations, she just sat in a chair
masturbating while she watched them rape Christine.
"All right, now let's get her mounted." Said the woman after the rape had
finished.
Christine was only half conscious as they finally lifted her up to mount her
body on the pole. They guided her swinging body until she was directly above the
two huge dildos. Then they slowly lowered her body and guided the two dildos
into her cunt and her arsehole. Both holes were well lubricated and the dildos
entered her with ease. Christine was barely aware of the woman putting the
catheter into her before they finally lowered her onto the narrow saddle with
the dildos fully impaled inside her.

They lifted her feet onto the small footrest that was only just large enough to
contain her pointed toes. There was a small hole in the very tip of each shoe so
that a locking pin could be inserted; this made sure that she could not remove
her feet from the footrest. If she stood up on her toes, she would only be able
to lift herself about an inch off the saddle. Between the locking pins in her
ballet-toed shoes and two dildos deep inside her, Christine was very effectively
locked in place on top of the pole.
"One last thing to do before we decorate her." Said the woman as she climbed the
ladder to be level with Christine's cunt.
Attached to the dildo in her cunt was a special clit vibrator. Not only could
they control the vibration but the device could also deliver electric
stimulation, as could the two dildos. The woman reached out and attached it to
Christine's clit. The stimulation aroused Christine regardless of her position
and humiliation.
"Now let's decorate the tree." Said the woman smiling at her handiwork.

While the men attached the branches, lights and decorations to the pole to turn
it into a Christmas tree, the woman began to decorate Christine. She began with
a Fairy Gown of shimmering satin and sparkling organza. Woven into the gown were
hundreds of sparkling rhinestone jewels and tiny fairy lights. The wiring for
the lights was plugged into a socket on top of the pole. Of course with her arms
bound behind her in a single glove, there were no sleeves required but the woman
attached a pair of angel wings to the glove before lacing the back of the gown
closed. The ornately jewelled bodice left Christine's large tits lying
completely naked on top of her quarter cup tray.

Christine, completely immobile, could do nothing as the woman continued to
decorate and humiliate her. She applied thick, heavy theatrical makeup to
Christine's face with huge long eyelashes and makeup that made her look like a
porcelain doll slut. Her black-rimmed eyes were heavily made up with silver
glitter and rhinestones. In the corners of each eye a small fairy light was
glued in place and the fine wires taken behind her head to be connected to a
socket at the back of her gown. Special attention was given to her lips making
them look wet, shiny and inviting around her O-ring gag.

The woman coiffed Christine's hair into a teased out bouffant style threaded
with rhinestone jewels, more fairy lights and a huge sparkling rhinestone tiara.
Christine was then fitted with a wide sparkling rhinestone choker necklace that
covered most of her neck corset and a pair of 8" long and very heavy sparkling
rhinestone earrings.

Lastly the woman held up what looked like another pair of earrings; both were 8"
long and made from sparkling rhinestones.
"You'll love these little jewels slut." Said the woman as she pulled out some
small wires from the edge of the gown.
Each jewel was tightly attached to Christine's nipples with a screw down clamp.
The woman stretched each nipple in turn, put the clamp on and screwed it down
tightly onto her nipple. Then she fastened the small wires to each clamp. As she
finished each attachment, the woman deliberately let go of the jewels.

Christine yelled out in her mind as the jewels fell and pulled down on her
tormented nipples. Although they looked like a pair of earrings from the front,
at the back of each one there was a vibrator and heavy lead weights attached. Of
course the wires not only powered the vibrators but could also deliver electric
stimulation to each nipple as well.

The woman made a few finishing touches to Christine's makeup, jewellery and
lights and then climbed down from the ladder to help the men finish decorating
the tree. It took about another hour to finish putting all the lights and
decorations on the tree. By this time Christine was beginning to wonder if she
could take any more of this. She could relieve the pressure of the two dildos a
bit by standing up on her pointed toes but the inch of movement only took the
pressure of the saddle off her crotch. Her jaws ached from the O-ring and her
ears ached from the weight of the earrings. With every movement of her body or
the tree, the heavy weights on her nipple clamps caused them to swing about,
cruelly pulling on her tortured nipples. She didn't know what was worse the
stretching of her nipples or the arousal it gave her.

Despite her best efforts, the things that had been done to her were causing her
immense sexual arousal that was overcoming any humiliation and degradation that
she felt.

Finally the decorating was complete and the four of them stepped back to look at
their creation.
"Go on." Urged one of the men to the woman. "Turn the lights on."
The woman walked over to a table at one side of the tree and switched on the
display. The tree and Christine immediately lit up and began a rhythmic cycle as
the lights began to flash in their programmed cycle.
"It's beautiful, absolutely beautiful." The woman yelled in delight as she
surveyed her masterpiece. "Just look at our angel."
"Yes, you've done well this year." Replied one of the men.
"Better than last year." Said another.

Mounted on top of the Christmas tree, Christine could hear them talking. Now
that the lights were on and flashing, everything was very bright but the four
tiny lights glued at the corners of her eyes, although not blinding, made it
almost impossible to see anything. The hundreds of lights on her gown, in her
hair and on her wings literally lit her up like a Christmas tree. She almost
laughed at the irony of her own thought; after all, she was part of the tree.

"Go on, give her a treat." Christine heard one of the men say.
"No, it's not Christmas day yet." Replied the woman.
"Oh go on." Said another. "She's a Christmas angel, give her a thrill."
Christine listened as they talked about her like a doll to be played with.
"Alright." Said the woman. "Only if you all fuck me now and when I cum we switch
her off."
"Agreed." They all echoed.

The woman walked over to the control box next to the tree, made a few
adjustments and pressed the "on" switch.
Christine wasn't sure what happened next except that she lost complete control
of her body. The vibrators on each nipple clamp started up and within a couple
of seconds her heavy nipple jewellery was swaying and bouncing around pulling he
nipples relentlessly. Then a series of electric pulses began surging through her
nipples. The shock caused her to draw in breath causing her tits to wobble and
bounce. This made her heavy nipple clamps pull even more on her nipples. The
arousal caused by the vibrators and the weights went all the way to her crotch.
Just then the vibrators started in her anal and cunt dildos. Not only did they
start vibrating but also they started moving about inside her as if she was
being raped again. Within a few seconds electric pulses were applied to each
dildo causing her muscles to contract in patterns that heightened the erotic
movement of the dildos. Finally the clit vibrator started, soon followed by an
erotic, pulsing electric stimulus that passed through her clit.
The massive level of stimulation was far too much for Christine to handle. Her
cunt juices were flowing freely and she could feel herself plunging towards
orgasm. Never in her life had she cum this fast. Not only were the dildos raping
her, but also she found herself pumping herself up and down on the dildos even
though she could only move up and down by an inch. Her heavy breathing,
restricted by the steel boned corset, caused her to throw her tits about even
more. Everything that she did caused her more pain and more pleasure. It seemed
to be en endless cycle that she was powerless to stop.

When Christine reached her orgasm, it was like nothing she had ever experienced
before. The humiliation, the degradation, the bondage and the stimulation drove
her over the edge into an abyss of unparallel sexual pleasure. There was no
sensation of time, only pleasure as every nerve seemed pushed to its limit. She
tried to scream in pleasure and pain but only a muted gurgling sound came out of
her open mouth.

Meanwhile, on the carpet beneath the tree, the three men serviced the woman in
every hole. She knew that she could hold off her orgasm for a long while. On her
knees with one cock up her arse and one up her cunt, she looked up at the
helpless Christmas angel while she sucked on another cock. Christmas was a time
of giving and she would give this angel heavenly gifts while she watched and
enjoyed her own.

Christine finally slipped into a semi conscious state of ecstasy from the
pleasure and the pain. She had no idea of what the next twelve days might bring.




The Twelve Days of Christmas

Chapter 2

Christine was vaguely aware of a flashing light as she slowly drifted back to
consciousness. Her mind and body seemed totally drained. She tried to move but
realised that she couldn't; then she realised where she was. A sudden wave of
panic struck her as the reality of her position returned to her numbed mind. She
tried to look out beyond the bright lights around her eyes and on her costume
but she could see nothing. The timing of the flashing lights was a torture in
itself. When the lights went out, her eyes began adjusting but just when she was
beginning to see something, the lights went on again and she could see nothing
beyond. She tried closing her eyes when the lights were on and then immediately
opening them as the lights went out but it made little difference. She was
illuminated for everyone to see her but she could see no one.
Her degradation and humiliation returned in full. She remembered how she was
impaled on top of the tree and the stimulation that had been applied to her
body. She remembered feeling her body sinking into a never-ending,
uncontrollable orgasm as they watched her. She could imagine how she looked to
everyone, a glittering, rigidly bound angel impaled on top of a Christmas tree
at the mercy of anyone who wanted to torment her. It was her total vulnerability
that most humiliated her. She was totally and completely helpless.
"Ah. Our little angel's awake again." Said one of the men.
"So she is." Said the woman. "I suppose we should feed her before we go."

Christine listened to the three of them laughing and talking, unable to see what
they were doing. She heard them move a stepladder in front of the tree and she
heard someone climbing up. Christine began to panic. What were they going to do
to next?
Suddenly the face of the woman appeared before her. The torturous flashing
lights around her eyes had made it almost impossible to see any details of the
person, except that it was a woman.
"You must be thirty slut." Said the woman. "Here drink some water but slowly, we
don't want our angel to choke."
The woman inserted a plastic tube into Christine's open mouth and let water
slowly drip in. Christine had not realised how dry her mouth had become being
forced wide open with the O-ring gag. She drank steadily and washed the water
around her mouth with her tongue.
"That's a good slut." Said the woman. "Your tongue needs a little exercise and
practise.
Christine drank for about five minutes as the water slowly trickled in. The
woman was very careful not to let her choke and to further Christine's
humiliation, she realised that this woman was in total control.
"Time for a bit of food." Said the woman as she removed one plastic tube and
replaced it with another. "Obviously you can't eat properly slut, so your food
has been mashed and liquefied."
Christine felt the soft goo ooze down her tongue and down her throat. She hardly
tasted anything as she swallowed it but what she could taste was pleasant but
neutral. At least she wouldn't stave. The woman was patient and after ten
minutes she stopped feeding.
"That's very good slut. You will be fed twice a day and watered every hour or
two. We don't want to loose out angel." She said laughing. "Now remember slut,
you can pee any time you want and you will have regular enemas to clean you out
so just relax and enjoy. Have a happy Christmas."
"Oh, and in case you get thirsty during the night, you can suck on this." Said
the woman as she pushed a penis shaped dildo into Christine's open mouth. "It's
a water bottle, just suck on it when you want a drink."
The woman then climbed down off the ladder and left Christine with the water
filled cock in her mouth. Christine had had enough oral sex in her life to
overcome any gag reflex and although it was big enough to completely fill her
mouth, it was not big enough to choke her.
She tried sucking the dildo and found that she could drink the water easily. At
least her mouth would not dry out again.
Suddenly the room lights were switched off.
"Sweet dreams Christine." Said one of the men.
"Enjoy your Christmas Eve." Laughed the other man.
The woman said nothing.

Christine heard the door close and she was left alone. They had left the
Christmas tree lights on and now Christine's whole world was a tiny cocoon
wrapped in slowly flashing light. She closed her eyes to try and shut out the
light but the torturous lights at each corner of her eyes still shone through
and the glow from her gown encompassed her entire body. Her mind replayed the
horror and humiliation of the day. Even as she thought about what they had done
to her, she found herself becoming aroused. One part of her mind was degraded
and humiliated beyond belief, yet another part of her mind was letting her sink
into sexual depravity. She soon found herself lifting herself up and down on the
impaling dildos trying to get some of the sensual pleasure that the machine had
given her earlier. No matter how much she tried, her limited movement would only
allow a small amount of stimulation and she was soon living in a world torn
between humiliation and frustration. After about half an hour she was too
exhausted to continue. She relaxed, fully impaled herself on the tree, and
slowly drifted off into a restless sleep.

Christine slowly woke up feeling a pressure building up inside her. Her mind
snapped awake and she realised where she was. Her nightmare had returned and she
was still impaled on the top of the tree. She felt warm liquid being forced into
her arse and soon realised that she was being forced to take an enema. The
pressure built up and up until she thought she would burst. Suddenly the flow of
liquid stopped and she involuntarily began expelling the liquid out of the
special anal dildo. The process repeated itself three times as the machine
cleaned her out. The experience was almost sensual although Christine had not
yet learnt to enjoy it.

After her enema, Christine opened her eyes and tried to look around. With her
head held immobile by the neck corset, all she could do was move her eyes
around. Even through the flashing fairy lights, she could tell it was morning as
light streamed through the windows. There was no one else in the room and
Christine found herself examining her situation. She has fully relaxed her legs
to take the pressure off her toes. The tight, pointed ballet-toed shoes may have
made her look erotic and her crushed feet may have been totally numb but she
still could not stand En-Pointe for long periods and she was forced to fully
impale herself on the dildos. Her shoulders, mercilessly pulled back by the
single glove had finally relaxed into submission. Even her body had relaxed
enough to be comfortable within the tightly laced corset and neck corset. Her
jaws, forced apart by the large O-ring gag had also relaxed and felt normal. The
only thing that gave her a problem were her nipple clamps. Any slight movement
caused them to swing and pull on her tortured nipples. This would make her
breath hard and make the situation even worse. She felt that her poor nipples
had stretched by inches during the night.

Tears welled up in her eyes as she contemplated the hopelessness and humiliation
of her situation. She felt tears rolling down her long theatrical eyelashes and
she had to blink her eyes to clear them. She realised that she was thirsty and
took a long suck on the dildo in her mouth although she had to squeeze it with
her tongue to get enough water. They had though of everything, even drinking
water was humiliating.

Half an hour later Christine heard footsteps as people approached the room. The
door opened and the woman and two men entered.
"Good morning Christine." Said both of the men.
"Yes slut, I hope you enjoyed your night on our tree." Said the woman smiling up
at her. "Time for breakfast."
The men rolled the stepladder back into place and the woman climbed up to look
Christine in the face. She pulled the dildo out of her mouth and examined it.
"Hmm. Nearly empty." She said smiling. "I hope you enjoyed suck on cock."
Christine knew this woman enjoyed humiliating her but was powerless to stop her.
The woman then fed Christine her liquid almost tasteless meal and gave her some
more water.
Once the meal was finished, the woman inspected Christine's makeup and saw the
streaks of tears down her cheeks.
"Been crying have you slut?" she stated. "There are two things to remember. One,
you are stuck here for twelve days as our Christmas tree angel. Two, You are
meant to be a happy angel and I don't want any tears ruining your lovely
porcelain doll face. Do you understand?"
Of course Christine couldn't answer and she was becoming frightened of what this
woman might do.
"Well, slut, I'm going to teach you a lesson." She said as she pulled a small
device out of her bra. "This is a small remote control with a few buttons on it.
If I press one, like this."
Suddenly deep inside Christine a well-designed, large electric shock roared
through her impaled cunt. Even with the O-ring gag in her mouth, Christine
managed to get out a choking gasp. Her tits heaved and her heavily weighted
nipple clamps swung violently. The woman waited until Christine calmed down.
"Now you know what this can do." The woman said as she held it up before
Christine.
Christine's eyes opened wide begging her not to press it again.
"You obviously don't want me to do that again." She said smiling sadistically.
"You will not cry again and you will be happy. You will enjoy your time as our
angel and you will do everything to please our guests and us.
Christine stared out in horror at the woman.
"I think we have an understanding." She said as she pressed another button.
Although Christine was rigidly corseted, she visibly flinched as she saw the
woman press the button. However, instead of excruciating pain, another
well-designed electric stimulus passed through her clitoris and sent waves of
pleasure surging through her body.
"As you see slut, I can give you pleasure or pain." Said the woman. "The choice
is yours."
Christine felt herself sliding towards an orgasm when the pleasure stimulus was
suddenly turned off. The feeling of frustration was beyond description.
"Now, let's fix that makeup of yours. We want you to look like a perfect
porcelain doll for our guests." Said the woman.
Guests, thought Christine. When was this humiliation ever going to end? Was she
going to be displayed to the world like this? She finally realised that she
could do nothing to prevent anything that happened to her so she tried to relax
as the woman fixed her doll makeup.

During the next couple of hours, the three of them brought in a multitude of
presents and put them all around the base of the Christmas tree. Finally they
brought in a long table and put it against one wall of the room. By midday, the
table was set and ready for Christmas lunch. Throughout the morning Christine
was left alone apart from a couple of times when the woman fed her some water.
It was just after 12 o'clock when they sat down on the leather couch to wait for
their guests. Christine watched them out of the corner of her eye and listened
to them talking. Not once since she had been held captive had anyone mentioned
his or her name. If she finally managed to escape she would have no clue as to
who they were or where she was being held.

"Go on, give her a little. She has been good." Said one of the men.
"The slut's an ornament, that's all." Replied the woman.
"Oh don't be an arsehole." Said the other man. "Go on."
"I thought you liked fucking my arsehole?" replied the woman with a smile as her
hand rubbed up and down his pants until a huge bulge appeared. "Your cock
certainly does."
After a bit more joking she finally agreed.
Christine was partly in fear of punishment and partly anticipating the pleasure
that she knew could be given. Then she felt a slow vibration from the dildos
deep within her. It was agonisingly slow and not enough to push her anywhere
near orgasm. Then every now and then, her nipple vibrators would start up
violently for a few seconds, just enough to send her heavy nipple clamps into a
wild swing. The sensation went straight from her nipples to her crotch like
nothing she had ever felt before. She didn't know if it was the pleasure of the
vibration or the pain of heavy weights pulling down her nipples. Whatever, it
was ecstasy.
"There doesn't she look much happier now?" said the men as the front door bell
rang.

During the next half an hour or so, between short cycles of stimulation from the
machine, Christine watched in total humiliation as guests arrived, mostly men
but there were some women. As they arrived, they all came over to the tree and
stared at its crowning glory.
"You've done a magnificent job this year."
"I love those flashing lights on the angel."
"Look at those tits shake, nice touch."
"I hope she brought us a nice present."
"Love the mouth - looks like a real love doll."

Christine endured their endless humiliating comments as she slowly succumbed to
the workings of the vibrators. She hadn't realised that the woman has slowly
adjusted the machine every now and then. By the time lunch was beginning,
Christine was aroused to breaking point. The dildos has begun writhing around in
her cunt and her arse, the vibrators had developed a pattern that was driving
her mad and the occasional electric stimulus would begin to drive her to orgasm
but was always stopped just short. A similar pattern had also started on her
tits and her 8" long, heavily weighted nipple clamp jewellery was constantly
swinging back and forth pulling mercilessly on her nipples.

During the meal, the woman fed Christine a few drinks of water but mostly she
was left alone to the torturous rhythm of the machine. Always being stimulated
towards orgasm and then being deprived at the last minute. The intense pleasure
of the build-up and then the pain of denial were almost too much to bear. The
endless cycles of pleasure and pain were driving her mad, she would do anything
to be finally plunged into the abyss of orgasm.

 Christine was too far-gone to notice that lunch had finished and the twenty-two
people had gathered around the base of the tree to open their presents. Some of
the guests were already half undressed. During lunch every man had his cock
taken out of his pants and all five of the women had their tits hanging out of
their dresses. This was no ordinary Christmas lunch and these were no ordinary
guests.

Every one picked out their present and began opening it. One of the first women
to open her present found a huge double penetration dildo.
"Oh!" She squealed in delight as she looked at her partner and handed it to him.
"Just what I needed when you come home late from work. Come on, I want to try
it. Fuck me with it."
She bent over and waited for him to impale her. A roar of approval went up from
the guests as she was impaled with her new toy.

The others continued opening all their presents. Everyone was eager to play with
his or her new toys and soon there was a complete orgy and soon every woman was
being fucked in every hole and enjoying every minute of it. Partners were
changed as much as cocks changed holes.

The only exception was the woman. She allowed a few of the men to fuck her but
only one at a time and she was always in the dominant position where she could
watch her angel Christine. Her Christmas present turned out to be a strap on
dildo. No one was surprised; it suited her. When the woman was not being fucked
she put on the strap on dildo and fucked others, men or women, she didn't care.

The more excited and aroused the woman got, the more stimulation she gave to
Christine. Eventually the raping dildos, the vibrators and the electric stimulus
were too much for Christine and she finally plunged into huge, endless orgasms.
While the orgy continued beneath her, Christine was totally lost in her own
private world of pleasure and pain. The woman was a master with the machine and
endlessly varied the patterns of stimulation to keep Christine as maximum
arousal.

In her semi- conscious state, Christine had no idea of the passing of time. On
the floor, the orgy had slowed from exhaustion.
"When am I going to get to use my present?" cried one of the men.
"What did you get?" asked another.
"This!" replied another, holding up a leather object with straps.
"What is it?"
"A swing." Said the man holding it as he stepped into the leather chair and held
up the straps.
The man who owned the present looked up at the writhing Christmas tree angel and
then at the pulley in the ceiling above her. "That's how you got her up there
isn't it?" he said looking at the woman.
She smiled and said nothing.
The man took back his present and stepped into it. Some of the other men
released the hoisting rope from the wall and attached it to the swing harness.
Once fastened, several other men began to hoist him up towards Christine, making
sure that he kept away from the tree until his cock was level with Christine's
open mouth. Then they released him so that he swung towards her. With perfect
aim his cock went straight into her mouth.

Christine was so deep in orgasm that she had no idea what was happening until
the man's cock swung into her wide-open mouth though the O-ring gag. Although it
was a gentle swing, it went straight to the back of her throat. Her reaction was
to push it out with her tongue but that merely excited the man who clearly
showed his pleasure to the crowd below. He put his hands around her corseted
neck and began a gentle swinging motion pumping his long cock in and out of her
mouth.
Christine could taste his cum already as small drops began to ooze out of his
cock and drip down her throat. Like everything else, she had no control over
what he did to her and she merely accepted his cock pumping her mouth. She also
knew that the woman would be watching and waiting to punish her, so Christine
used her tongue to please the man as best she could. She used her tongue to lick
and slide around his cock as it slid in and out of her mouth, then she swirled
her tongue around his cock head as he left her open mouth and returned again.
Although she was deep in her own world of pleasure, she knew he was going to
cum. His first shot was straight into her mouth as he plunged his cock back into
her. As his cock filled her mouth, cum was forced out and began oozing down her
face. Then as he swung out of her mouth, his next load shot all over her face
before he plunged back in again. By the time he had finished, half his cum went
into her mouth and half all over her face.

Cheers erupted from the crowd below as other men waited their turn to face fuck
the beautiful Christmas tree angel. Christine was aware enough to realise what
had happened and wondered if there was any other way that she could be degraded
and humiliated but the continuing reality of constant machine induced orgasms
pushed her beyond caring.

As the day went on, all the men took their turn on the swing to face fuck
Christine. Some were gentle and used the slow motion of the swing to pump their
cocks in and out of her mouth. Others used her for target practice, taking a
large swing and aiming at her mouth, ramming their cock through her wide-open
mouth and straight to the back of her throat. Whichever way they fucked her,
eventually they would fill her mouth and cover her face with cum. She tried to
drink the cum that they dumped in her mouth to keep her throat wet and
lubricated. The cum on her face and hair oozed and dripped down her face and
finally dripped onto her heaving tits. By the time the party ended, Christine's
face was covered in a mask of sticky cum but she was beyond caring.

An hour later all the guests had gone leaving just the two men and the woman.
They sat around for a while talking about the success of their Christmas party
oblivious to the totally exhausted Christmas tree angel.
"I suppose we should clean up." Said the woman. "This is the worst part about
hosting a party, especially when you gave the maid a week off!"
"Oh it won't take long." Replied on of the men. "I arranged for the maid to be
here in half an hour just to clean up. All we have to do is take everything out
to the kitchen. She'll do everything and then go back to her own orgy."
They all laughed.
"How sweet of you to organise that." Replied the woman.
"Come on let's clean up." Said the other man.
They stood up and went towards the table to take the remaining food and dishes
out to the kitchen.
"If we have to clean up, I think we should clean up our little angel too." Said
the woman as she walked over to the machine's main control box next to the tree.
"You're not going to clean all that cum off her face are you?" asked one of the
men.
"Of course not." Replied the woman. "It's Christmas, even the angel should have
some snow on her. She can have her enema while we clean up."

With the push of a few buttons, the automatic enema cycle started. Christine
felt the pressure building up inside her and realised that there were more ways
to degrade and humiliate her but she was past caring. As the warm liquid filled
her, the machine kept up its relentless cycle of rape sending her to heights of
orgasmic pleasure. She was just beginning to have another orgasm when the enema
machine stopped filling her and she began to expel the liquid. The combination
of enema and orgasm was too much for poor Christine and as her body shook from
the orgasm she totally collapsed. There wasn't enough strength left in her and
she went completely limp.

Her body was being stimulated to a level of arousal she had not believed
possible but her mind needed rest and sleep. In a totally euphoric state,
Christine wondered how she could endure any more. And this was only the first
day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Christine Keeler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





