BDSM Library - School Days, Heavy Night




School Days, Heavy Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melody goes to a fancy dress party as a school girl and end up being punished like one.SCHOOL DAYS  
 &quot;Fancy dress party! I hate those things.&quot; Steve moaned as Melody
  explained that the invitation the following Saturday would involve sorting
  out a costume. &quot;We never come up with any good ideas.&quot;  
 &quot;Nonsense, you can rent something from the shop in town and I'll sort
  something out for myself. I'll phone the costume shop for you later.&quot;  
 Late Saturday afternoon Melody collected the large cardboard box from the
  fancy dress shop and presented it to Steve, who opened it with some trepidation.&quot;  
 &quot;It looks like a headmasters outfit&quot; he said holding up a volumous
  cape, black mortar board and bent rattan cane.  
 &quot;Yes, and you wait until you see what I'm wearing. Then you'll get
  the joke!&quot; Melody replied in a conspiratorial manner.  
 ---------  
 &quot;Come on, we'll be late at this rate.&quot; Steve yelled up the stairs &quot;It's
  eight fifteen already&quot;  
 Just as he finished Melody came down with her coat already on and carrying
  a carrier bag. &quot;All right, there's no need to shout, I'm ready. Let's
  go&quot; then, seeing the way he was looking at her coat, which was completely
  covering her costume, she added &quot;you'll see the costume when we get to
  Jack's.&quot;  
 The short taxi ride to Jack's house took only a few minutes and upon arrival
  Melody disappeared upstairs to put the finishing touches to her clothes. Meanwhile
  Steve went in to the main room and accepted the beer proffered by the host,
  who was outfitted as a pirate. There were about a dozen other guests already
  there, some known to him and others introduced by Jack. All were in costume
  and Steve took a particular interest in a girl, introduced as Pam, who was
  sexily clad in a girl guides outfit, which finished tantalisingly six inches
  above her knees.  
 Another girl, Dawn, was dressed in a circus ring masters costume and brandished
  a whip, which she cracked most professionally upon being introduced.  
 Just as the introductions were completed Melody walked in. &quot;Hello Jack,
  how are you?&quot;  
 Jack's jaw dropped, accompanied by the jaws of all the other men present.
  She was dressed as a St. Trinian's school girl.  
 On her head sat a boater, resplendent with school badge, her white shirt
  strained across her chest and the outline of a lacy black bra could be seen
  through the semi transparent cotton. The tie around her neck was not pulled
  up tight and the tail, which was alot longer than the front of the tie hung
  down almost to the waist band of her pleated blue skirt. The skirt itself was
  standard school issue and would have finished at the knee when Melody had first
  worn it in the third year. Now it finished level with the top of her fish net
  stockings, which were supported by black suspenders, to match the bra. On her
  feet were high heeled black shoes which accentuated the shape of her long legs.  
 &quot;I knew this would be to your liking Jack, and I've even brought my
  homework to be marked&quot; Melody added holding up an ink stained exercise
  book.  
 &quot;Yes, you bet&quot; replied Jack &quot;have you got regulation knickers
  on under there?&quot;  
 Melody mocked embarrassment &quot;I'm not telling you, my mummy said I was
  to be a good girl, or else I'd get a smack. Anyway get me a drink I'm parched&quot;  
 As the evening wore on everyone became more than a little merry, and less
  inhibited. Conversation replaced the loud music and by ten thirty Pam had everyone
  captivated as she sat cross legged on the floor and recounted a tale of the
  last time she had worn her uniform for real, at a joint venture scout and guide
  camp in Cornwall.  
 &quot;Well&quot; she explained &quot;someone had bought some cider and I
  got truly smashed, then I needed to go for a pee but I found that I couldn't
  walk properly so two of the venture scouts helped me over to behind some bushes.
  Before I knew what was happening one of them had hoisted up my skirt and was
  rubbing away at the front of my cotton knickers, whilst the other had both
  of my tits in his hands. The more they rubbed and squeezed the more desperately
  I needed to pee until in the end I just exploded. My pants, and his hand, were
  soaked, but the little bastard just kept on rubbing away, I'm sure he was trying
  to get my fanny to light. You can guess what happened, with all that booze
  I came, and screamed the place down as I did. The other girls called me the
  werewolf for ages afterwards, and what's more I had to spend the rest of the
  evening with wet knickers on.&quot;  
 &quot;Hey next time you want to go to the bathroom just let me know. I'll
  give you a helping hand.&quot;  
 One of the men laughed and lifted the hem of Pam's skirt a little, exposing
  an even greater expanse of silky thigh to the appreciative audience.  
 &quot;Hey! I think we'd better mark Melody's homework, before you get any
  ideas like that.&quot; Pam squealed, pulling her inadequate skirt down as far
  as it would reach.  
 &quot;Yes, a good idea, Melody go and get your homework&quot; Jack barked
  in his best authoritarian manner.  
 Eagerly Melody jumped up and collected the exercise book from the table &quot;Here
  you are Sir. I worked very hard, I hope I got the sums right.&quot; She said,
  passing the grubby book to Jack.  
 &quot;Right wait outside whilst I see how you've done&quot; Jack pointed
  to the door and watched, with everyone else as Melody, her bottom swaying provocatively,
  left the room.  
 &quot;Let's have a game then&quot; Steve took control of the situation &quot;one
  of us can be the headmaster and the rest can play at being teachers and pupils.
  She's bound to have got some questions wrong, unless I'm mistaken, so she may
  have to be punished a little.&quot;  
 Pam squeaked &quot;What smack her bottom and stuff, don't you mind us seeing
  her like that?&quot;  
 &quot;If she chooses to dress like that, she should expect to be treated
  accordingly. Anyway no one said she'd be the only one, others are dressed suitably
  too.&quot; Steve replied firmly and was satisfied to see Pam blush and finger
  the hem of her skirt.  
 It only took a few minutes to organise the room. They set two dinning room
  chairs behind a coffee table with another three ranged around another table,
  for the teachers to use. Pam was detailed, by her husband to occupy one of
  the two seats reserved for the pupils whilst the others drew lots to see who
  would play at teachers. It was agreed that, as it was his party, Jack should
  play the headmaster first and he gladly took the cape, hat and springy cane
  that Steve had been using. The other two teachers were chosen by drawing straws,
  the longest getting to play the key parts.  
 Ann, dressed as a soldier, was the first to be chosen. &quot;Melody will
  die when she sees me sitting up front.&quot; She shrieked. Ann worked for Melody
  and, whilst being her friend as well, was already thinking about some minor
  scores she had wanted to settle for some while. The other 'teacher' was a girl
  called Judy, she was dressed as a French maid and professed to being nineteen,
  but looked about sixteen, her eyes sparkled as she took her seat besides Jack.  
 When Melody returned there was a slight look of apprehension on her face
  as she viewed the rearranged room, Jack gave her no time to reconsider and
  ordered her to sit down next to Pam and be silent. Then taking the exercise
  book he sat back at the main table and opened to the first page.  
 &quot;Melody. What is sixteen minus nine?&quot; He demanded.  
 &quot;Er, seven Sir.&quot; Melody stammered.  
 &quot;Correct girl, why then does your homework say eight? He snapped back.  
 &quot;I don't know sir, I must have made a mistake.&quot; Melody was playing
  her part well, although the edge of fear in her voice was not all acting.  
 Jack was silent for a few moments whilst he made great play of marking the
  other calculations on the page. &quot;Not very good. Not good at all young
  lady. Only three out of ten, what do you have to say for yourself?&quot;  
 &quot;I'm sorry sir, I'll do better the next time, honestly I will.&quot; Melody
  whined.  
 &quot;Not good enough is it staff&quot; Jack turned to the women who flanked
  him. Both were shaking their heads firmly and fully enjoying the game. &quot;Get
  up you silly girl! Go and stand in the corner with your hands on your head
  while I decide what to do  
 with you.&quot;  
 Melody rose and took up a position in the corner, the act of placing her
  hands on her head causing the hem of her skirt to rise exposing her stocking
  tops and a chunk of thigh. A number of appreciative gasps escaped the lips
  of some of the men present.  
 &quot;Now then, Pam&quot; As Jack spoke her name Pam jumped, she hadn't
  expected to take an active role in the proceedings and had been quietly enjoying
  Melody's discomfort. &quot;I've been informed that you disgraced yourself whilst
  at Guide camp and allowed boys to fondle your private parts. I have spoken
  to your parents and they have given me permission to treat you as I see fit.
  I have asked Miss Judy to deal with this matter.&quot;  
 Judy could not contain her excitement and her first few words came out as
  a squeak. &quot;The school can not accept such behaviour, the boys concerned
  have received a thorough punishment and have been expelled. In view of your
  previously good record you will be able to remain at school but you will be
  spanked in front of the other pupils.&quot; She paused slightly after saying
  'spanked' to take in Pam's reaction.  
 &quot;You wouldn't dare&quot; spat Pam and rose to make her escape. One
  of the first to restrain her was her husband who told her &quot;You were happy
  to play earlier, now see it through.&quot;  
 Roughly Pam was hauled to the centre of the room where Judy, seated on a
  chair, awaited her. Man handled and sprawled over the other girls lap she kicked
  and wriggled, all sense of modesty gone, which was just as well as Ann reached
  out and, in one movement, pulled her knickers down to just below her knees.  
 Without waiting further Judy started to rain slaps down on to Pam's bottom.
  As soon as the first one hit home Pam started to yell and swear at Judy and
  the others present.  
 &quot;What foul language&quot; A guy dressed as a monk laughed and passed
  Judy his leather sandal &quot;use this, you're obviously not making enough
  contact.&quot;  
 Compared with Judy's hand the sandal was like a branding iron, Pam's shrieks
  grew louder and her poor bottom took on the colour of tomatoes.  
 After about five minutes of this relentless punishment Judy paused and allowed
  Pam to roll on to the floor, where she lay panting and rubbing her bottom furiously,
  much to the obvious enjoyment of the other guests. Before she had time to recover
  her husband lifted her to her feet and sat down with her on his lap, her hot
  bottom over his sizable erection. &quot;There I'll rub it all better&quot; he
  said grasping her tits firmly and pulling roughly at her nipples through the
  course fabric of her dress.  
 A ripple of surprise and excitement tingled through the others as they watched
  Pam's embarrassment give way to animal passion under the rough hands of her
  husband.  
 It was Ann who spoke first in hushed tones, causing everyone, except Pam
  and her husband, to turn their gaze upon Melody. &quot;Look at our other school
  girl.&quot; Melody, still facing the wall had both of her hands under the short
  hem of her skirt, her legs bent out at the knees, she was clearly masturbating,
  rubbing her fanny hard in response to the treatment Pam had been receiving.
  So caught up in her own feelings she was not aware that she had once again
  become the centre of attention.  
 &quot;Who said you could take your hands off your head?&quot; Ann barked,
  making Melody, and some of the others jump in the process.  
 Melody spun round, shocked that she had allowed herself to be caught playing
  with her sex so openly.  
 &quot;Sorry, I just...&quot; She stammered.  
 &quot;Shut up, and come over here. You disgusting little girl. If you're
  so willing to make an exhibition of yourself we'll be only too happy to accommodate
  you.&quot; Ann was enjoying herself immensely, whilst Melody, on the other
  hand, was extremely unsure whether this was such a good idea after all. She
  had thought that the school girls uniform would be a bit of a prick tease,
  especially for Jack who she had more than a passing desire to turn on, however
  things had already gone further than she had expected, and looked like going
  even further still.  
 Ann continued with her tirade &quot;First you submit poor homework then
  you take satisfaction from another girl's spanking and play with yourself in
  front of everyone. Lift up your skirt so that I can see what you've been up
  to.&quot;  
 &quot;But. But Miss they'll see&quot; Melody gestured in the direction of
  the other guests who were all torn between watching Ann's humiliation of Melody
  and concentrating on Pam who was now impaled on her husbands prick and rocking
  back and forth in a steady motion.  
 &quot;You're only adding to your punishment by defying me young lady&quot; Ann
  continued in her stern voice.  
 Slowly Melody took the edge of her skirt and raised it so that the front
  of her body, from waist to feet, was on view.  
 &quot;Those are not regulation pants&quot; Ann snapped placing her index
  finger firmly against the flimsy black lace covering Melody's furry mound.
  She launched into a further lecture about the rules concerning uniform, her
  face only inches away from the surprised Melody, surprised not just because
  of the manner in which she was being addressed but also because Ann was rubbing
  her finger up and down the knickers, along the line of her fanny.  
 Within moments Melody stopped listening to Ann's voice and was lost in the
  strange sexual feelings the firm finger was evoking within her. Suddenly Ann
  withdrew her hand &quot;You haven't been listening to anything I've just said.
  Turn round and bend over the desk. I'll teach you to pay attention.&quot;  
 Melody complied, still confused by the lustful feelings in her lower body,
  and stretched along the table, grasping the far end. She felt Ann lift the
  skirt from over her bottom and tuck the hem in to the waistband. Had she had
  full control of her thoughts she would have realised that she now presented
  a lovely view of silk covered rounded cheeks framed by black suspender belt
  and stockings.  
 As she lay there she listened, in a removed sort of way, to Ann as she advised
  the watching group that Melody had been a naughty girl and would be caned.  
 It wasn't until the first burning pain of the cane hit home on her bottom
  that she snapped fully back into reality and let out a wail, jumping up and
  grabbing her bottom in both hands.  
 &quot;Get back over the table&quot; Ann commanded giving her a shove. As
  Melody returned to the submissive posture over the firm wooden surface Jack
  moved round to face her and kneeling down grasped her wrists firmly, making
  it impossible for her to jump up again.  
 &quot;You have got a lovely body&quot; he whispered to her &quot;and your
  arse is a sensation under that little skirt. Do you think Steve will let me
  shag you later?  
 Before she could answer Ann applied the second stroke across Melody's waiting
  bottom, and she felt the end of the rattan sneak round the whole expanse of
  her rump as its excruciating painful caress lingered.  
 &quot;I think I'll fuck you from behind&quot; continued Jack &quot;so that
  I can feel the heat of your bottom as I ram my cock up your fanny&quot;  
 Ann was spacing the stokes out, leaving a few moments between so that the
  audience could watch the red stripe grow on the chastised girls flesh. This
  gave Melody time to take in what Jack was saying.  
 &quot;No!&quot; She replied &quot;you can't make love to me, I don't want
  you.&quot;  
 Just then the third flash of pain erupted on to her arse and she cried out
  again.  
 Jack spoke again, only this time not to her &quot;I think the knickers ought
  to come off&quot;  
 Before Melody could give a suitable reply she felt the scanty piece of covering
  being pulled down her legs. Then the fourth swish of the cane and the watching
  group were given a wonderful display as Melody waved her legs about trying
  to dissipate the heat and pain. In doing so she gave everyone a great view
  of her fanny, its lips opening and closing as her legs flailed about. Jack
  whispered again &quot;I bet your bottom feels like it's on fire. Do you want
  Ann to rub your fanny again?&quot;  
 Melody shook her head wildly from side to side but Jack looked up and said
  to Ann &quot;I think she needs her fanny rubbing again, I bet it's nice and
  hot by now.&quot;  
 Before he finished Melody felt prying fingers start to rub the  
 insides of her thighs and the mound of her pussy. Clever fingers that toyed
  with the lips of her sex and slipped inside to tease her love bud. Within seconds
  she had given herself back to the sensation and found herself repeating what
  Jack told her to.  
 &quot;I like my bottom being caned. It makes me feel so sexy. Cane it some
  more then fuck me from behind. I've been a naughty girl, naughty girls deserve
  to be punished.&quot;  
 Ann let rip with the next stroke of the cane and then set about finger fucking
  Melody and rubbing her sex. Each time she almost brought the prone girl to
  a climax and then stopped to apply the punishing rattan. Soon the pain and
  the pleasure became intermeshed and as the eighth stripe was added to her arse
  Melody cried out in pleasure and not pain.  
 &quot;Yes. Yes, fuck me, fuck me hard&quot; she screamed.  
 But it wasn't to be. Ann came round the table to face her and took her hands
  from Jack's grasp. Then whilst Melody watched Jack peeled off Ann's fatigue
  trousers and panties and slipped his hard cock up into her fanny. Fucking her
  hard from behind, just as he had promised to do to her.  
 As she felt the stiff flesh ram home into her moist fanny Ann moved her
  face close to Melody's and kissed her hard on the mouth. &quot;Thankyou&quot; she
  whispered and then let out a wail as she exploded into a climax.  
 Thinking the punishment of her arse was over Melody relaxed the muscles
  of her bottom and was therefore not ready for the explosion of pain as a mans
  hand started to spank her nates.  
 As the spanking continued Melody began to feel the rising of her sexual
  heat again and started to moan softly.  
 &quot;Go on, spank it some more. Make me scream.&quot; She was lost in the
  cycle of pain and pleasure created by the mixed emotions Ann had begun. As
  she awaited the falling hand she was again surprised as the unmistakable feeling
  of a hard penis as it eased its way into her well lubricated cunt and began
  to pump in and out of her willing body.  
 Raising her head she found herself looking straight into Ann's eyes, as
  the two of them were simultaneously shagged from behind.  
 Edging forward both women came closer together until their mouths were able
  to meet in a long lingering and passionate kiss, their tongues exploring each
  others mouths, sucking hard on the others breath as the cocks in their fanny's
  pounded their rhythm of ecstasy.  
 The two women came within seconds of each other and screamed out the news
  to the guests who were gathered around the table, some exploring each others
  clothing as the party quickly degenerated into a Roman orgy.  
 Melody lost count of the number of times she came or was spanked, each time
  unaware of who was taking charge of her body,nor did she much care as she cascaded
  through climax after climax......  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  melody


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





