BDSM Library - When The Tables Turn




When The Tables Turn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She thought he was the love of her life until she realized that she wasn't alone in those thoughts. It was time that he learned a lesson, the hard way.When The Tables Turn  
Part 1 &ndash; Blast From The Past    
She drove into the parking lot, and pulled into a space close to the
    door. She was running so late, and still had one stop left to make before
    meeting Mark at the play party. She was looking forward to the evening, as
    they had both been too busy with work and hadn't had much time lately for
    anything past the mundane. Getting out of the car, Megan's short leather
    skirt rode high up her thighs, exposing the soft creamy white skin and her
    freshly shaven cunt. She stood up, adjusting her skirt and tugging the sleeveless
    red latex top into place, the zipper down enough to expose cleavage.  
   
  She hurried into the store, her stiletto heels clicking on the tile. Looking
  at her watch, she saw she didn't have time to browse and went straight to the
  paddles. Master had broken his over her firm ass the last time they played,
  and he had instructed her to purchase a new one before tonight's party. Megan
  perused the selection and reached for a large rectangular wooden paddle with
  a heart cut out. It was smooth and cool to her touch.  
   
  She felt the hot breath on her neck as the strong hands gripped her shoulders.  
   
"Hello baby. You always did like the toys that marked that perfect skin of yours,
didn't you?"  
   
  Megan gasped, her pulse racing at the sound of his voice.  
   
  She turned her head, his hands still on her shoulders. She looked at him, her
  stare drawn to his ice blue eyes. Oh, God, those eyes. She felt her past resolve
  waver for just a second, the scent of his cologne and the crash of sensations
  making her head spin. For just a second, two years fell away, and more, and
  she was at his feet again, not Mark's. Then she took a second breath and with
  it, the other memories came back. And so was she.  
   
"Is there any reason that you are speaking to me, Ryan?"  
   
"Aw, baby, don't be that way. I saw you and I wanted to say hi. You can't still
be mad at me?  
   
  She jerked away from his grip, and wheeled around facing him. Damn him, why
  did he have to look that good. She realized her hand was shaking, and she laid
  down the paddle, not wanting him to see her tremble. His smile told her that
  she was too late.  
   
  She narrowed her eyes at seeing that smile, the ever- present smirk still there,
  taunting her.  
   
"I don't have time to play your games, I'm late as it is. There is nothing to
say. Leave me alone."  
   
  She grabbed the paddle and headed up front to pay, leaving him standing there
  alone. She didn't turn to see if he was still there or if he had left. She
  was still fuming as she left the store with her purchase. She headed for the
  car, searching in her purse for her keys.  
   
  Looking up from her search, she saw him. There he was, leaning against her
  car. She understood why every woman wanted him. She truly did. How many men
  looked like that? She glanced at his still muscular physique appreciatively,
  even if disgusted by the sight of him. Sunglasses now shielded his blue eyes,
  his blonde hair blowing slightly in the cool breeze. She couldn't help but
  remember that body, the strength, the decisiveness; the dominance as he took
  her places that at the time, she didn't know existed.  
   
"I should have known you wouldn't stay away. You can't stand to not get your
way, to not be the center of a woman's world. Well, you're no longer the center
of mine. Get away from my car, I'm leaving."  
   
  She moved closer to the car, unlocking the door. He pushed her up against the
  car, pressing his firm body against hers, his face inches from hers and smiled.
  He whispered into her ear, his hand sliding up on her thigh.  
   
"Baby, I know you. I know what you want and how you want it, and you know I can
give it to you. Remember Megan, I know what makes your cunt quiver, how to make
you beg, how to make you crawl. You know you still want me. Come with me Megan.
We'll go for a drink and talk. I've changed baby, I'm not the self centered bastard
from two years ago."  
   
  She bristled at the familiar arrogance, reminding her of why she had left him
  in the first place, or at least one of the reasons.  
   
"Yeah, and I'm not the same starry-eyed girl who believes your every word, now
MOVE"  
   
  He slipped a piece of paper down the front of her shirt, pressing his lips
  to her neck. That place just under her ear, the one that made her knees go
  weak, and her breath come in short gasps. Oh God, he remembered.  
   
"Here's my cell phone number baby, call me."  
   
  With that, she pushed him out of the way, and jumped in the car. Grinding the
  starter as she started the car, Megan backed out, squealing the tires as she
  pulled out. She wiped angry tears from her eyes as she sped down the road.
  How dare that bastard think he could just move back into her life at will?
  Who the hell does he think he is?  
   
  Megan went through the rest of the evening with few thoughts of Ryan. Spending
  time with Mark, her Master and husband, tended to push all thoughts of the
  days evils away. She always felt safe from the world in his arms, even that
  night at the play party when he used her for a demonstration in knife play,
  and tortured her with safety pins and wax. He didn't break in the new paddle
  until later though, at home. He took her home and used her the rest of the
  night, like there would be no tomorrow. She knew though, that Ryan was a force
  to be reckoned with. He wouldn't just go away on his own. He never did. He
  always come back, time and again, until his prey was captured and on the ground
  helpless.  
   
  This time, though, she was the prey.   
Part 2 &ndash; The Hunter Becomes the Prey    
Megan woke up the next day, the sun streaming through the blinds,
    highlighting her naked body. She slowly opened her eyes, the light of the
    new day pulling her from the dimension between sleep and awake. She stretched
    and looked at the clock, checking the time. She had overslept, but no wonder.
    Mark had used his property all night, making up for lost time. She sat up,
    wincing, and swung her legs over the side of the bed. Her body was sore and
    marked from the evening's activities. A nice long hot shower and some Tylenol
    were in order.  
   
  She rose from the bed, and padded lightly to the bathroom where she decided
  on a hot bath so she could soak her aching muscles. Getting out of the bath,
  she dried off and grabbed the robe from the hook on the back of the door. Megan
  smelled the coffee and practically purred. Mark must have made it before he
  left for work. He didn't even drink coffee, but it was one of the little things
  he did for her. She filled the mug and added her usual hazelnut creamer and
  sugar, and sat down at the cherry pedestal table with the newspaper.  
   
  She found herself reading the same lines repeatedly, her thoughts returning
  not to her husband, but to Ryan. She frowned, her brow furrowed. Why was she
  allowing him occupy her thoughts? She put the paper down with a sigh, letting
  her mind go back. He had hurt so many, not just her. Actually, she was just
  one in a long line of women that that had fallen for him. Most had thrown themselves
  at him, but she never had. All thought they were the one that could get him
  to settle down, all thinking that they were the one who could change him. She
  had never tried to change him, it was pointless, and she knew it. He swore
  that in not trying to change him, she had. He swore she was what he had been
  looking for all his life. He said this to her, sometimes when they spoke on
  the phone late at night, Undoubtedly, while his cock was buried in another
  woman's cunt. She swore sometimes, that she could smell the perfume over the
  phone.  
   
  Someday, that man would get what he deserved.  
   
  She sat stirring coffee that didn't need stirring, looking out the window at
  her flower garden. A thought crept into her conscience. Why couldn't it be
  her? Why couldn't she be the one to give him what he deserved? She shook the
  thought from her head. Why on earth would she bother? She loved Mark, and she
  loved their life. The thought of such a thing was absurd. Megan rose from the
  table and went to the bedroom to get dressed, ready to begin her day.  
   
  She moved through the already spotless home quickly, washing up the dishes
  and dusting, cleaning here and there. The thought kept coming back, and as
  soon as it did she would push it away. Why shouldn't she be the one to give
  Ryan what he deserved? It wouldn't let go of her, invading her thoughts and
  daydreams. NO! These crazy thoughts had to stop! Again, why shouldn't she be
  the one? Someone had to do it.  
   
  She walked out to her car, and peered through the window. There it was, the
  slip of paper with his cell phone number that he had stuffed down her cleavage
  yesterday. Megan opened the door and retrieved the paper, stuffing it in her
  jeans pocket and returning to the house. Megan fixed some lunch, idly eating,
  her mind racing, thoughts and semi plans being churned out. The paper seemingly
  burned her skin, reminding her of its presence. No, this wasn't like her at
  all. She told herself that she had better things to do, She told herself that
  she was entirely too busy, The thought lingered, though, prodding her to action.  
   
  She realized she was pacing in the living room, and that over a half hour had
  gone by. Why couldn't it be her? Even as a pretense, it could hurt Mark. It
  could put the most precious thing in her world at risk. But Ryan deserved it.
  And all of the women who'd gone before or since, they'd all asked for vengeance,
  or justice, or both. But they'd all, like her, waited for someone else to do
  it. If not her, then who? No one had done it so far. Her jaw tensed. Mark needed
  to never find out. If he did, could he ever understand? Could he ever forgive?
  She opened her purse, and pulled out the cell phone. She bit her lip. Then
  she opened it.  
   
  Ryan's phone was ringing. Megan was trembling so badly, she didn't even know
  if she could speak. She was beginning to hope no one would answer.  
   
  Her heart sank as she heard his voice.  
   
"Hello"  
   
"Hi Ryan, its Megan".  
   
  His tone immediately shifted from cold and indifferent to that of a purring
  cat with a mouse in its sights.  
   
"Took you longer than I thought it would, baby. Does Mark know that you called?
Or is he going to find out when he tastes my cum in your cunt."  
   
  Megan cringed, her stomach churning in nausea.  
   
"No, I didn't tell Mark. No point in that, it's not like you and me will ever
be together again, Ryan."  
   
  He chuckled. "Sure baby, whatever." He made it clear he didn't believe her.
  He thought he was in the driver's seat again.  
   
"Ryan, I've been thinking. It's time for us to talk. Can we meet for a drink?"  
   
  They made arrangements to meet the next day at a local bar. Megan intentionally
  had selected one in a more rural area that was next door to a motel that charged
  by the hour or night. Most of the guests had no interest in spending the night,
  only in hiding from their spouse. The motel was situated in such a way that
  the parking lot could not be seen from the road, this being another draw for
  her.  
   
  Megan began packing a bag when she got off the phone. She knew she would need
  at least a couple fresh changes of clothes, toiletries, toys and a few other
  items that had been carefully selected and hidden in the bag. After finishing
  packing, she put the suitcase in the trunk and slammed the lid shut.  
   
  The rest of the day Megan could do nothing but worry about whether she was
  doing the right thing and whether she had covered all her bases. This certainly
  was not the time to slip up.  
   
  She slept restlessly that night, tossing and turning. She finally drifted off
  to sleep about 4:00 am nestled in her Masters arms. The next day dawned bright
  and sunny, contradicting her mood. Even though she was torn, there was a rising
  feeling of control. That finally, she was doing something to take charge of
  her life, rather than going along for the ride.  
   
  Megan walked in the dimly lit bar at the appointed time. She looked around
  at the fishing nets with the fake fish and wondered if they had purchased the
  d&eacute;cor from a defunct fish restaurant. She stood a moment, fear beginning
  to seize her. Maybe he wouldn't show up. This was a mistake and she should
  leave. She couldn't do this. She turned to run, her pulse racing and headed
  out the door.  
   
"Whoa, baby, what's the rush? You weren't bailing, were you?" His eyes narrowed
as he closed his hands on her shoulders again.  
   
  Her breath caught in her throat.  
   
"No, of course not, i..i just forgot my cell and was going to the car to get
it."  
   
"Don't worry, baby. If you don't answer, Mark won't even imagine we're together." He
chuckled at himself, and she forced a smile.  
   
  They chatted about their lives and he regaled her with stories of his exploits
  with women. Megan pretended to listen and show admiration for his skills, laughing
  at his stories in all the right places. He was so busy talking about himself
  that he didn't notice she only toyed with her drink. After some more chitchat,
  she decided it was time. If she didn't tell him now, she never would.  
   
"Ryan, you know that I've never stopped thinking of you, don't you?  
   
"Megan, baby, I've always known you still wanted me."  
   
  She interrupted him. "Please let me finish. I've dreamed of this for the last
  two years. I've missed you and I want to be with you. I so miss being at your
  feet. Ryan, make me your slut again, if only for the night.  
   
  She blushed as she lowered her eyes to him, assuming the more submissive posture
  that he would expect, and demand. His smile was almost a smirk as he leaned
  across the table and caressed her face.   
He had won the round. His prey was well within his sights and wearing
    down. So he thought. 
   
  He stood, and threw a $20.00 on the table for their $12.00 tab. Megan rose
  with him and he took her elbow, leading her out the door. She held her breath
  for a moment. This was one of the many moments of truth in the next day or
  so.  
   
"Meg, I don't want to wait." He used the name that he used to call her by. He
put his arms around her and whispered against her ear.  
   
"We'll get a room next door. That way Mark will never see you. No one will hear
us. I want to make you scream again, baby."  
   
  Megan smiled. She knew that he never took a girl to his home, at least not
  right away.  
   
  Ryan guided her to the office and opened the door. Megan pulled back, balking
  at going in. After all, she wouldn't want to run into someone that knew her
  husband. He chuckled at her hesitation and went in, leaving her outside. After
  all, he was back in control so he would let her have that. Ryan emerged from
  the office and slipped his arm around her waist as they walked to the room.
  He unlocked the door, and they entered, Ryan ahead of her.  
   
  She looked around. Not exactly your luxury type room. There was a double bed
  with a threadbare ugly green bedspread. She hated to venture if it was even
  clean. There was a table with two chairs. They had obviously seen better days,
  sturdy but scratched. The carpet was gold shag, meaning that it was at least
  25 years old. Nice. Oh well, she wasn't here to admire the d&eacute;cor. She
  wandered into the bathroom, which at least appeared clean. At this point, she
  was at least grateful for that. She stepped back out into the shabby room,
  moving to the table and looked at Ryan, a nervous smile playing on her lips.  
   
  Ryan came up behind her, slipping his arms around her and nuzzled her neck,
  and running his hands down her slides.  
   
"I've missed you, baby."  
   
  She purred softly at him and leaned back against him, more because she had
  to than she wanted to. Her mind was reeling and she struggled to regain her
  composure.  
   
  He turned her around and kissed her. She slipped her arms around him, smiling
  softly. She looked up at him, running her tongue over her lips, inwardly shuddering
  at what was about to happen.  
   
"I can think of better things for you to lick, baby"  
   
"Mmm, me too", she said, smiling.  
   
  Ryan looked at her, and pulled his shirt off from over his head, placing it
  on the table.  
   
  Megan swallowed, knowing what he expected of her, and what she had to do. She
  dropped to her knees.  
   
"Good girl, you remember your training."  
   
  Megan reached up and unfastened his jeans, carefully unzipping them. She looked
  up as Ryan ran his fingers through her hair, watching her.  
   
  She tugged his jeans down, sliding them past his hips and over his muscular
  thighs, removing his boxers at the same time. He stepped out of His jeans as
  she slid them from his feet, being careful not to tug his feet from under him.
  The last thing she wanted was to create a situation that would bring swift
  punishment. Megan removed the belt from his jeans, folding the jeans and boxers
  neatly. She laid the belt on top, knowing he would likely want to use it on
  her later.  
   
  Megan watched him as he ran his hand across his cock, stroking it as it hardened.
  She closed her eyes and rubbed her cheek against his thigh, running her fingertips
  over his cock. Ryan wrapped her hair in his fist, holding her against his thigh
  by her hair, keeping her face only inches from his cock as he stroked it with
  his other hand. He lightened the grip in her hair and smiled.  
   
"Does the little whore want my cock?"  
   
  As repulsed as she was, she managed to reply to him.  
   
"God yes, Ryan, I've waited two years to have your cock back in my mouth."  
   
  He moved her so that her mouth was right at the head of his cock and rubbed
  her lips with his precum. She looked up at him, knowing better than to lick
  her glistening lips without permission.  
   
"May I please suck your cock?"  
   
  Ryan smiled and nodded, pleased with her request.  
   
  Megan took his cock in her hand, stroking softly as she moved her mouth to
  his cock, and kissed it softly as she had been trained to do. She began to
  softly suck his balls. The flavor was familiar, and she rolled his balls against
  her cheek with her tongue, slowly letting them slide from her mouth, still
  caressing them with her tongue. She lightly lapped the base of his cock, her
  tongue curling around the shaft, bathing the velvet flesh as she kissed and
  licked upward. Megan let the smooth skin of his cock graze against her nose
  and nuzzled for a second, taking in his scent. She moaned lowly, as she licked
  the head of his thick cock, surprised at feeling a dim heat where she had been
  trying so hard to feel nothing.  
   
  He leaned back against the table, gripping her hair and wrapping it tightly
  around His hand. He moaned as she sucked his cock. Megan ran her fingertips
  over his hard cock and moved her tongue back to his shaft, lapping the underside.  
   
"Such a good little cock tease you are, but I'm tired of the tease, baby."  
   
  Ryan pulled her head down against His cock, forcing his cock past her lips.
  He held her head and thrust into her mouth, shoving his cock into the back
  of her throat. She couldn't help but whimper as he fucked her face harshly.
  He pumped against her throat, hitting the back several times before pulling
  back to let her breathe. She gasped for air as he pulled out, gagging repeatedly.
  He slapped her face hard. Megan cried out at the slap.  
   
"That's for gagging and being such a cock tease."  
   
  Ryan caressed her face and then lifted her to her feet by her hair and grinned
  at her.  
   
"Take your clothes off for me."  
   
  Megan slowly removed her cashmere sweater, pulling it over her head. She folded
  it and set it on a chair. She unfastened her jeans and hooked her thumbs in
  the waist, wiggling her hips, pushing the jeans down over her hips and shapely
  ass. Sliding them down her silky thighs, she stepped out of the jeans and folded
  them, laying them with her sweater. She unfastened her bra and tossed it on
  the chair, but wore no panties, knowing that would be something that would
  bring swift retribution.  
   
  She stood naked before him, trembling and vulnerable. She fought off the memories
  of her submission to him, trying to remember why she was here.  
   
  He leaned back and watched, stroking his cock as he watched her.  
   
"That's a good girl."  
   
  Ryan stepped to her and ran His hands over her body slowly as He circled around,
  inspecting her. He leaned in, whispering that he had missed this. He reached
  down and rubbed her clit, His cock pressed against her back, He kissed the
  back of her neck, and whispered against her ear.  
   
"Such a dirty lil' whore. I can take you however I want to, whenever I want to,
you know that, don't you Meg?"  
   
  He kissed her neck and walked her to the bed and pushed her over the end of
  it, face down. She felt the stiffness of the hard mattress against her breasts
  and stomach and the chemical scent of the bedspread. He kicked her legs wide
  apart and felt between her legs, rubbing her clit.  
   
"Your ass is so inviting, baby, I hope its ready for me."  
   
  He suddenly shoved three fingers in her ass and began fucking her with them.
  She cried out at the sudden invasion of his fingers in her ass. She dug her
  nails in the bedcovers, gripping tightly, clenching his fingers. She moaned
  in pleasure in spite of herself.  
   
"Tell me you want my cock in your ass, Meg. Beg me to use you. Tell me how much
you need it."  
   
  She bucked her hips as he shoved his fingers deeper with one hand and pinched
  her clit with the other. She almost came off the bed, arching her ass higher
  as he growled at her to fuck his fingers. She whimpered, grinding her ass back
  onto his fingers, her hips moving in small circular motions, fucking his fingers
  eagerly &hellip; too eagerly.  
   
  He slapped her ass hard.  
   
"I don't hear you begging. Maybe the slut doesn't want her ass fucked."  
   
"She moaned, desperately wanting her ass filled with his cock. She hated herself
for it, but she did. He was right, he did know what she wanted and how to give
it to her."  
   
  She part whimpered, part moaned from wanting her ass fucked.  
   
  She whimpered as she choked out, "Please Ryan, this slut begs of you to fill
  her unworthy ass with your cock and use it for your pleasure. This slut begs
  for you to fill her ass, begs for the pain and pleasure you offer."   
What scared her so, was that she meant it. Every word of it. 
   
"That's a good girl, just like that." He pumped his fingers into her several
more times before pulling them out. He grabbed her hair and lifted her head up
from the bed.  
   
"Clean my fingers of your filth, my little whore. Yes, you love to lick that
slut ass from my hand, don't you?"  
   
  She obediently licked his fingers clean, lapping her own ass juices, cleaning
  his fingers quickly and thoroughly, like the trained slut she'd been. Like
  the trained slut she was for Mark. Like the slut she was starting to feel like
  again.  
   
"Now go get my belt, and bring it to me, and then bend back over the bed so I
can look at that slut ass."  
   
  She took a deep breath and went for his belt, returning to hand it to him and
  bent back over the bed as she was instructed.  
   
  He leaned back and held her ass cheeks open, looking at the awaiting hole.  
   
"My little whore's ass is so hungry."  
   
  He rubbed the head of His cock along her ass, pushing against the hole slightly
  before sliding into it with a steady pressure. He pumped His cock slowly in
  and out of her ass, holding her hips as He did. She pushed back against him,
  moaning, her ass pathetically eager to be fucked. He slowly moved His hips
  around, forcing His cock deeper into her. She grunted as he forced his way
  in, spreading her ass more and making her whore hole tighter. He pumped his
  cock in her ass until she started fucking him, trying to buck her hips backward,
  and her body begging for more.  
   
  Ryan wound the end of the belt around his hand. He began to strike her ass
  and lower back in rhythm to his thrusts. Megan screamed at the sudden pain.
  She felt a warm trickle on her back and knew that he was drawing blood. She
  cried out with each strike of the belt.  
   
"Baby, you aren't counting. Maybe I should start over." He laughed at her screams.  
   
"Told you I could make you scream again, Meg. What, can't Mark make you scream
the way I do?"  
   
  He rubbed her welted skin.  
   
"You'll be fine, might have some explaining to do, isn't that right, Meg?"  
   
  She swallowed the bile as it rose from her stomach, from the pain and from
  being with such a bastard.  
   
  Ryan reached for her hair and pulled her off the bed, pushing her to her knees
  again. She automatically took his cock in her mouth without being told. He
  closed his eyes as she sucked his cock clean.  
   
"Lap it all up, slut, clean it good."   
Ryan closed his eyes as she sucked his cock; letting all of his senses
    go to the feel of her tongue as she cleaned his cock of her ass juices. He
    moaned as she fucked his piss hole with her tongue, as she worked to please
    him. 
   
"God, you're such a dirty lil' thing."  
   
  She moaned to herself and opened her mouth wider, sinking his cock into her
  mouth, not fighting. Inside, she felt herself responding, a heat that shouldn't
  be there, she shouldn't be letting herself enjoy this. She shouldn't be enjoying
  it at all. She was Mark's, not this bastard's. She only had so far she could
  go with this before it would all fall apart, and the terror at the thought
  of believing she belonged here again made her blood go cold. Even as she sucked
  him harder into her mouth, never letting him sense the revulsion inside her,
  sucking as if her life depended on making him cum instead of throwing up in
  revulsion for letting him even touch her.  
   
  Ryan pulled his cock from her mouth, and wiped it in her hair.  
   
"That's enough, slut."  
   
  He lifted her up by her hair and dragged her over to the table.  
   
"Get on the table for me, spread your legs wide open. I want to use your fuck
hole."  
   
  Megan spread her legs and looked up at him, eyes glazed. Ryan looked down at
  her and smiled wickedly, pushing her onto the table on her back.  
   
"I think my lil' whore has remembered who she belongs to."  
   
  He pulled her to him so that her ass was at the edge of the table. He spread
  her legs wider and shoved his cock into her wet cunt. He alternately rubbed
  and flicked her engorged clit as he fucked her tight cunt. He pushed hard into
  her, the beads of sweat on His chest showing as His hips pushed faster against
  her. He held her by the hips and pushed deep into her aching pussy, ramming
  himself in hard, using her wet hole for his pleasure.  
   
  She rocked back as he thrust into her, starting to slide across the table.
  He grabbed her thighs and pulled her back to the edge, pushing his cock back
  into her again, hard. She moaned, feeling pleasure she couldn't control, and
  though she hated to admit it, as much of the pleasure came from him forcing
  it on her as it did from the physical sensations. She was swimming, her cunt
  squeezing hard, her pulse racing in spite of herself, and she once more felt
  her resolve waver. Was he really that bad?  
   
  She no longer could maintain any sense of what she was here for. Her body had
  betrayed her, feral instincts coursing through her veins. She growled from
  deep in her throat, her need to cum overwhelming her. He began slapping her
  thighs and ass, driving her over the edge.  
   
"Cum for me, slut!"  
   
  Megan writhed against his cock, crying out as waves of pleasure wracked her
  body. He rocked the table fucking her, pushing His cock deep into her with
  each thrust, feeling her tighten even more as she came. He felt her spasm on
  his cock, the wetness dripping from her, sliding to His balls. He held his
  shaft deep in her cunt, his back locked, and he began to explode deep into
  her hole. He moaned loudly as he pumped his seed into her.  
   
  They remained where they were, recovering for a moment. He pulled his cock
  from her, slapped her thigh and moved to the bed, lying down. He propped himself
  up on the pillows, pleased with himself.  
   
  Megan excused herself and went to the bathroom. She turned the water on in
  the sink and in the shower. She sunk to her knees and vomited, trying to rid
  herself of the shame and self-loathing that she felt, not only from what she
was doing, but revolted by the fact that her body had betrayed her.   
Part 3 &ndash; And Justice For All   
Megan looked in the mirror. It was time. She opened the closet door in the
  bathroom and set to work, retrieving what she needed. She smiled to herself
  at how easy it was to pay off the motel employee to "rent" Ryan the room she
  had already rented.  
She took a deep breath, and walked towards the bed.  
"There you are, baby. What took you so long?"  
Megan silently crawled into bed and settled between his legs. She grinned
  at him and stroked his cock, wanting him to think she was coming back for more.  
He smiled softly down at her, and reached to her, caressing her face.  
"I truly have missed you, babygirl. I want you to know that. There have been
  so many nights that I've laid in bed awake thinking about you, about us. Then
  when I do sleep, you haunt my dreams. "  
At that, Ryan drew her to him and kissed her tenderly. She pulled back, looking
  at him in shock. She was confused, her head spinning. She hadn't seen this
  coming, not at all. Her heart, which was ice as far as he was concerned, was
  melting. She couldn't help herself. This was so unfair. She struggled to remember
  what he had done to her. She needed to remember. Everything she'd planned for,
  everything she'd hoped for, at no point had this thought even occurred to her.
  This was hard enough without having to fight the love she had once felt for
  this man.  
Trembling, she got up on all fours, leaned down kissing his stomach. Megan
  looked up at him, at her past. Looking into his eyes, she felt time stand still
  as her memories crashed around her like waves against the rocks. She saw him
  in her minds eye with the woman he had brought into their bed. Megan watched
  them, horrified, from the door of the walk in closet where she was hiding.
  She had missed him so, and came home a day early from visiting her parents.
  She heard him whisper to the woman, "You know I still want you, babygirl.
  Meg is just a fuck, nothing more, nothing less".   
   
Her cheeks grew hot, blushing with rage, and the words began repeating.     
"Meg is just a fuck, nothing more, nothing less&hellip; just a
      fuck, nothing more, nothing less&hellip; nothing more&hellip;."    
   
Blind with fury, She slapped him hard across the face, and hissed at him.  
"You fucking bastard!"  
Megan suddenly rammed her knee into Ryan's balls.  
He screamed at her, in pain and anger.  
"FUCKING CUNT!"  
 He knew. Ryan was a smart man, very smart. Most didn't realize that and
  didn't bother to find out. People saw only his looks, his charm. It was hard
  for anyone, especially men, to accept that he had it all.  
Megan jumped from the bed as he rolled to the side, clutching his balls,
  moaning and retching. She grabbed the cloth and the bottle of chloroform, hidden
  under the bed. She dampened the cloth and held it to his mouth and nose, until
  he lost consciousness. . He struggled, squirmed, but still couldn't override
  the pain. The fumes were making her dizzy, too, but fortunately, he collapsed
  before she did. She sealed the bottle and threw the cloth into the bathroom
  quickly. There was no way she could execute her plan if he were awake. He was
  a big man, solid muscle and she was no match for him. He could snap any part
  of her body like a twig if he wasn't restrained.  
Megan moved quickly, wanting him to stay out cold until she was finished.
  She tied a heavy-duty chain to each side of the iron headboard and brought
  them together in the middle, twisting them several times. The links clinked
  and she felt her muscles straining as she secured them. She repeated the process
  at his feet, using even thicker chains. She picked up the three-way cuffs she'd
  brought, attaching them to the upper chains with heavy-duty turnbuckles. She
  closed her eyes for an instant, knowing she didn't have much time, but the
  smell of the well-oiled chains and the fresh leather combined, a smell that
  was linked to her memories of dungeon play, of the feel of leather against
  her skin, of chains holding her down, holding her up. She shook her head, and
  double-checked the cuffs at his wrists. With this, she could turn him without
  ever leaving him totally unrestrained. Megan attached cuffs to his ankles too,
  and picked up a spreader bar, thicker than the ones she was used to seeing,
  she locked it to the ankle cuffs. She picked up a ring gag and slid it into
  his mouth, strapping it in place quickly. She picked up a Kali's teeth bracelet,
  the tips shining with the promise of the pain they'd bring, and slid it onto
  his flaccid cock, picturing what would happen when his cock hardened. She picked
  up a ball separator and stretcher, taking his balls in hand, snapping it in
  place and slowly, but surely stretching his balls away from his cock. He groaned
  softly and she picked up a black leather collar, silver studs and trim, secured
  it around his neck. She toyed with the leash on the nightstand for a moment,
  but decided against doing anything with it, yet.  
She had decided to forgo the blindfold, wanting him to see his predicament,
  wanting him to see the look on her face as she used him. She wanted to see
  fear in his eyes.  
Megan sat back in a chair, studying his well - chiseled body as she waited
  for him to awaken. She couldn't help but think back to all the nights that
  he had her bound, and waiting. He would tease her mercilessly. He knew every
  nuance of her body and how she reacted to being touched in any given place.  
She knew his body just as well, though. She knew what would bring him pleasure,
  what would bring him pain, and what would bring him shame. She knew every rippled
  muscle and the crevice created as it strained. She knew all of the strengths
  and weaknesses of his body, heart and soul. Megan knew and had treasured all
  that made him who he was.  
She had wanted to know everything about him, the evils that resided in the
  dark recesses of his mind as well as what was put forth for public viewing
  and everything in between. There had been a lifetime to learn about each other
  and she had thought they had time. She may not have learned as much as she'd
  hoped to, but she'd learned a lot. And she could use it.  
Ryan began to stir, moaning from deep in his throat, the sound almost a growl.
  She sat up in the chair, waiting for him to fully awaken. His eyes opened wide
  and he jerked on his bonds, fearfully thrashing, with a look of confusion in
  his eyes as he struggled to remember where he was and what was happening. Megan
  moved to the side of the bed and regarded him, her head tilted. He looked at
  her, his eyes full of rage, as clarity replaced the confusion.  
"Guess you didn't expect this today, huh, Ryan? You expected me to just fall
  back at your feet, no questions asked. This isn't like me, I'll give you that
  one. This isn't the me that you once knew, I didn't fight back then, did I?
  I just left. But you know, the day after I saw you, I started thinking about
  this. Now please don't think this is just because of what you did to me. Oh
  no, I'm striking a blow for every woman you've ever fucked over. You know,
  baby, taking one for the home team."  
She looked over at him, with no amount of kindness showing in her face. If
  anything, she was gloating.  
She started pacing around the room as she spoke, memories flooding back,
  her thoughts focused, adrenaline pumping. She looked at him, watching his eyes
  track her every move. The thought "prey" entered her mind once again. She shivered
  inwardly, thinking of what he would do to her if he managed to free himself.  
"Here's the deal, Ryan. You are no longer in control. I am. I do what I want,
  in my own time. If you're a good boy, I may spare you some pain. Then again,
  I may not. If Ryan, you're thinking that someone will start to look for you,
  don't. I called in work for you, told them that there was a death in the family
  in another state and since you were the executor of the estate, you would be
  gone for an extended length of time. Your cell phone is being disconnected
  as we speak, and your "secretary" called your girlfriend and informed her of
  an emergency business trip. How does it feel Ryan, to not get the last laugh?  
She walked over and ran her fingertips down his chest.  
"How does it feel, Ryan, to know that you can't stop me from doing anything
  I want? To know I can take you whenever I want, however I want. Isn't that
  the way you said it, Ryan? Though don't worry baby, it wont all be bad."  
She grinned wickedly.  
"Look, I'm even going to suck your cock. You'll enjoy that now, won't you?"  
Megan climbed on the bed and smiled down at him. She stroked his cock teasingly.
  She leaned down and began to lap his cock with her tongue, sucking the head,
  tickling the sensitive underside. She looked up at him, his eyes closed tight.
  She knew that he was trying to stop his erection. She also knew it was hopeless.
  Megan suckled his cock as she stroked his balls with her fingertips. She raked
  her teeth along the head, as she stroked the shaft with her small hands. Her
  soft lips wrapped around the shaft, squeezing. She looked up at him, his face
  clenched in pain, small droplets of blood forming where the Kali's Teeth Bracelet
  bit into his flesh as his cock reacted to her mouth. She smeared the blood
  on her fingertips and crawled up to him and held her fingers up, letting him
  see the crimson dripping from her fingers. His eyes widened in fear as she
  wiped the blood from her fingers across his face. She smiled and climbed from
  the bed.  
Megan moved over to the table and picked up a flannel pouch. She padded back
  to the bed, and climbed back on it, straddling his chest. She smiled slightly,
  as she narrowed her eyes.  
"Ryan, you know that brand you put on my hip? I think you need one, too.
  This way all your sluts will know right off what you are. Unfortunately, I
  don't have any branding equipment so I'll have to do it &hellip;a bit more
  slowly."  
Megan smirked at him as she drew the knife from its flannel pouch, and held
  it up for him to see it.  
"Trust me, baby?"  
She ran the knife across his neck, letting the cool metal stroke his flesh.
  Ryan jerked, struggling to get away. She saw the fear she had wanted to see.
  She smiled and ran her fingertips behind the trail of the knife and held her
  fingers up, showing him there was no blood.  
"Remember Ryan, I learned how to do this from the best. I wont make any mistakes."  
Megan moved down his body, dragging the tip of the knife lightly down to
  his chest, pressing just hard enough to leave a light pink trail behind the
  knife, but not enough to cut the skin. Megan drew the tip of the blade downwards
  over his stomach as she moved down, straddling his hips. She looked up to him
  and studied his face, as his eyes widened. She proceeded to drag the knife
  back up across his chest, and to the other side of his neck.  
"Afraid, baby?"  
She pressed harder as she drew the knife tip back down to his chest. Megan
  turned the knife to the sharpened side and pressed into his flesh, leaving
  a light trail of blood after every curve, every line. She continued carving
  into his chest, not so deep that stitches were required, but deep enough that
  it would scar. She looked down at blood, forming one word.  
"SLUT. That's what it says baby. SLUT. Now you wont have to tell them, they
  wont have to guess. They will look at your bare skin and know what you are."  
She smeared the blood across his chest and held her hand up at his face as
  if to slap him. She smiled and wiped her hand off across his neck.  
She looked at him smugly, a look of self-satisfaction on her face. Oh yes,
  that will look very nice. She gazed down at the oozing blood and raked her
  nails across his chest.  
"I'm thinking my pet would like to be fucked now, isn't that right, baby?"  
She smiled down at him, her lips turning up in a near sneer. Megan walked
  over to the table, and picked up a dildo and a strap-on harness. She moved
  slowly back to the bed, almost sauntering, and removed the spreader bar but
  left the chains attached.  
"I hope pet's ass is ready for me."  
She smirked at him as she stepped into the harness and fastened it about
  her hips, the rubber cock bobbing as she moved. Crawling up on the bed, she
  shoved his legs back, and positioned the head at his likely virgin ass.  
"I'm sure a tough guy like you doesn't need lube, eh, Ryan?"  
With that, she thrust the cock into his un-lubed, un-dilated hole. She heard
  the scream from around the gag. She again heard the voice, the memories taunting
  her " You know I still want you, babygirl. Meg is just a fuck, nothing
  more, nothing less  ". She thrust violently into his ass, shoving
  the thick dildo almost all the way in. Megan began pumping the cock into his
  tightest hole, stretching it painfully. She saw the pain cross his face and
  took sick pleasure in his misery. She felt the cock began to slide more easily,
  feeling its natural resistance ebbing at her insistence. What pleasure he felt,
  he would never admit to, if any. She started grinding the large dildo into
  his ass, gyrating her hips in small circles, driving it in mercilessly with
  each thrust. Whether it caused pain or pleasure was of no consequence to Megan
  any more.  
Deciding she was tired of fucking his ass for the time being, she pulled
  the rubber cock out of his whorishly gaping ass and unfastened the harness,
  letting it fall to the floor with a thud. Megan bent and retrieved the rubber
  cock from its harness and climbed up on the bed, straddling Ryan's chest. He
  looked up at her, his eyes full of pain and hatred. He growled at her as she
  settled.  
Megan held the rubber cock which shed fucked his ass with at his lips, the
  ring gag forcing his mouth open wide.  
"C'mon Daddy, open wide for mama."  
She laughed almost gleefully.  
"What baby, you're not laughing. You don't think it's funny? Aww."  
She grinned as she slid the rubber cock into his mouth, and heard him retch
  as his gag reflex kicked in. She began to fuck his mouth faster, thrusting
  the rubber invader in deeper. He looked up at her, eyes shining wetly as he
  fought the retching, and another memory from the past forced its way into her
  present.  
She had come in from work on Christmas Eve. The traffic was bad
      and she was late. Ryan met her at the door and enveloped her in his strong
      arms, and kissed her deeply. He gently tied a silk scarf around her head,
      blindfolding her. She could tell this wasn't just for play. The mood was
      lighthearted and she could hear Christmas music playing softly in the background.
      He led her to the living room and removed the blindfold. She looked at
      the scene in front of her and gasped in delight. The tree was lit, the
      fireplace was going and he had a picnic supper spread out on a blanket
      in the floor, with a bottle of wine chilling. In the middle of the blanket
      sat a small red velvet box. He dropped to one knee as he picked up the
      box and took her hand. As he slipped the ring on her finger, he told her
      that she was the love of his life and he wanted to be with her forever
      and that he wanted her to be the mother of his children. Tears of joy had
      streamed down her face, as she said yes. It was the happiest moment of
      her life up to that point. They had been together for nearly a year and
      that was the first night since they had met that he had really truly made
      love to her.    
Megan closed her eyes, swallowing, trying to push the memory away. She withdrew
  the cock from his mouth, and looked down at him sadly. What had become of them,
  both of them? How could it have come to this? It wasn't supposed to have turned
  out this way. Even at the worst, just walk away from each other, right? Not
  all this. She sighed deeply, thinking about a phrase she had once heard, something
  about all the best-laid plans going astray.  
   She dropped the dildo and climbed off his chest and
  slid from the bed to the floor. She sat there, soft sobs escaping as the anger
  and pain from their past boiled up inside from where it had been festering.
  Megan sat there for a long time, lost in her emotions. She didn't know what
  time it was, or how long she had sat there, but the darkness of night had settled
  in. Hearing Ryan's rhythmic breathing, she knew that he had fallen asleep.
  Megan rose from the floor and checked on him, making sure that he was okay.
  She removed the KTB from his flaccid cock and gently removed the ball separator
  and stretcher, this time trying to be gentle. She sat down on the foot of the
  bed, watching him breathe.  
She had thought initially that she would teach him a lesson, taking revenge
  for all the years of use and abuse he had heaped on the women that he had paraded
  through his life. That wasn't what she was here for at all, though. That wasn't
  what had happened. Oh, maybe with any luck he had seen the light, but that
  wasn't likely. If he hadn't so far, maybe in the near future he would. No,
  what had happened was that she had managed finally to let go. Megan herself
  had been the one to change. Just because things turned out no better for her
  than the ones before her, or since her, did not change who she was. In the
  end, she was a better person for having known him. She was stronger and wiser
  because of what he had done to her, and for her. She was stronger and wiser
  because she chose to learn the lessons that came with knowing him. He would
  always be a part of her.  
It was time for her to leave. Her part was over. She had peace, and that's
  what she had come for. She just didn't expect that peace to be handed to her
  the way it was. Megan moved around the room quietly, not wanting to wake him,
  not wanting to look into those eyes any more than she had to. She picked up
  all the items she had brought and packed them into the duffel bag. She scoured
  all the rooms, visually, making sure she had packed everything. She dressed
  in the clothing she had worn when she came in, thinking that when she got home,
  she would burn it.  
Megan sat down at the table that he had fucked her on, and pulled out her
  cell phone from the duffel bag. She called her home, where Mark and Miranda
  were waiting for her call. She told him that she was ready to come home, wanted
  to come home where she could put all this behind her. She then sat waiting,
  a non-existent clock ticking away. The silence was so loud she could barely
  hear herself think. Perhaps at the moment, that was best.  
She startled at the sound of car doors in front of the motel. She rose and
  went to the window to peek out. She sighed in relief and opened the door,  
"Did you have fun, pet?"  
Megan looked at Mark, tears welling in her eyes. She ran to him, tears once
  again streaming from her face. She threw her arms around him, clinging tightly.  
Mark gently tilted her face up towards his and kissed her forehead.  
"I was afraid this would happen. Megan, listen to me. Miranda will take him
  from here. It's the last you will ever have to worry about Ryan. It's over."  
Mark held her tightly as Megan leaned into him, feeling safe and secure once
  again. Megan looked over at Miranda and forced a smile through her tears.  
"Hello, Ma'am".  
Miranda smiled and laid her hand reassuringly on Megan's shoulder.  
"I'm sorry, hon, that you tried to do this on your own. I wish you had called
  first. You know I would have helped you.  
Miranda looked over at Ryan still bound and chuckled.  
"I'm not sure you needed any help, though."  
"Thank you, Ma'am. I think, though, this was something I had to do by myself
  and for myself."  
Mark looked at her curiously, wanting details, but didn't press. He and Miranda
  talked as Megan finished getting ready to leave. They considered the various
  punishments that Miranda would bestow upon Ryan. Even more so, the pleasure
  she would have inflicting these punishments seeing that she had previously
  been at the receiving end of his arrogance when Ryan was her Master. She had
  found him with another woman, as well. Women, any and all women, had always
  been Ryan's downfall.  
Megan looked back at the bed and excused herself. Mark and Miranda talked
  quietly, giving Megan the privacy she needed. She walked back over to Ryan
  who had awakened through all the conversation. She reached behind his head
  and unfastened the ring gag, removing it from his mouth. She looked at him
  and took a deep breath.  
What do you say to a man that you've sold to his former submissive?  
As she started to speak, Ryan's gaze fell on her, the look in his eyes stopping
  her dead in her tracks.  
He whispered low, his voice raw.  
She didn't understand him, and leaned in closer to hear what he had said
  to her.  
His voice dropped even lower, as he stared through her, is blue eyes iced
  over.  
"I'm coming for you, Megan."  
Her breath caught at his words. A chill ran up her spine and she shivered.
  She glanced over at Mark to see if he had heard Ryan's words. Some things were
  better left alone. This was one of them.  
She stared at him a moment, and whispered in a voice barely audible,  
"I just wanted you to know that I loved you. All that time, I truly loved
  you."  
She turned away from Ryan, squaring her shoulders and holding her head high,
  not looking back. She walked back to Mark and smiled up at him. She kissed
  her husband, her Master.  
"Are you ready to go now, pet?"  
"Yes, Master, I am."  
Mark picked up her bag with one hand, put his other around Meg's waist. They
  closed the door, leaving Ryan and Miranda alone. She looked at the door for
  a second, and realized for the first time in some time, she wasn't hearing
  Ryan's voice. The Ryan with the other woman, glimpsed through the gap in the
  closet. The Ryan proposing by Christmas tree lights. The lessons had been learned,
  and she was at peace. She walked away, snuggling against Mark.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sweetcandyapple


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





