BDSM Library - Backlash




Backlash
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: There is danger when a snuff writer gets kidnapped. The question is, for whom? BACKLASH  
 BY  
 Vrykolakas  
Scot hit the enter key for the last timethat day--at least, in an official
  capacity. He rose to his feet, pushing back his wheeled chairand stretching,
  all in one flowing series of motions. He was proud of his strength, all those
  hours of martial arts; looked like something was finally paying off. His leg
  strength alone could kick out a fire-door. He brushed back a few stubborn locks
  of hair from his eyes, and grabbed for his jacket and keys. It was time to
  go. Food, a shower then some new snuff writing. Ah, the perfect evening. As
  he left the research center, he wondered what new junk the snail-mail would
  have in store for him? Three times in the past week alone, threatening and
  filthy letters, all from different postmarks, spewed forth from his box. Some
  inane bimbo had found him, or at least, had found that he was a snuff story
  writer, and damn her; if she hadn't located him. Scot knew, of course, in this
  day and age, that privacy was a fucking illusion, but still--you didn't expect
  the average citizen would get crank notes. Of course, the average citizen didn't
  go about, writing fantasy stories of women being broiled, spitted, roasted
  and basted either.  
He reflected on this as he started his car. He kept to himself, didn't like
  bars or loud parties, hated sports. So what was wrong with this little hobby?
  It was harmless, really. Only those who couldn't distinguish between what he
  wrote and reality had a problem. And as far as he knew, the online snuff community
  didn't go out like Jehovah's witnesses and try to inhale new people. So, hell
  with these malcontents, it'd blow over.  
Scot had barely gotten his windbreaker off, when the doorbell rang. &quot;Jesus
  H. Christ, who is that?&quot; As Scot pulled open the door, he was relieved
  to see that it was only a UPS woman standing there, with a package and electronic
  data pad. &quot;Hello there, working long hours eh?&quot; he smiled. &quot;Yeah,
  some days are a real bear,&quot; she grumbled. &quot;Sign there,&quot; He certainly
  knew where to sign, he worked with this stuff every day. He looked at the pouch
  she was holding. &quot;May I see the address on that please?&quot; She held
  on to one end of it, her body language saying &quot;you're not getting this
  till you sign,&quot; It was made out to him, but he didn't recognize the return. &quot;I'm
  sorry, ma'am,&quot; he said, remembering the threat letters. &quot;But I can't
  accept this, please return it to sender.&quot; &quot;Oh, great, one of those
  days. That's too bad,&quot; The red-haired woman thrust her signature pad at
  Scott, whereupon he heard it issue a high-pitched beep. Then the world exploded.  
 II.  
As Scot began to fall, the redhead woman pushed him back into his doorway,
  then watched as a second woman came around the corner. Together, they dragged
  the now unconcious form inside, and slammed the door. &quot;Oof, that's over
  at least,&quot; the redhead sighed. &quot;Let's hurry, I wanna case this place,
  and then get out of here.&quot; &quot;Yeah yeah, but remember what else we're
  here for.  
As one of the women secured Scott with some thin rope she'd brought, the
  other went looking for his workstation. &quot;Oh boy, a Dell. Let's see what
  our little chickenshit has been working on. She booted up, got his desktop,
  then went snooping. She found his corespondence, skipped over that, then his
  bills, catalogues, and finally, his stories in progress. &quot;F**kin shit,
  its all here, look at this trash.  
Boob Tube  
Plop and Circumstance  
Rape with a Roman Candle  
Disemboweling Oprah!  
Britney Bears all  
Shredded in Seattle  
She found a diskette, and began saving his work on it.  
&quot;This'll be all the evidence we need for tomorrow night,&quot; she spat
  at the monitor.  
They quietly opened his front door, and peered around for signs of life. &quot;Hurry
  up with him, its all clear,&quot; The two women grunted and carried the comatose
  Scot out to a car. The blonde opened the trunk, and they eased him down into
  the dark cavity, slamming the lid. &quot;So far, so good, let's go to HER place
  with him. Its gonna be a long night.&quot;  
As they made their way away from town, they took the backroads, avoiding
  the highway. Before long, the redhead was jolted by a colossal jolt from in
  back of her. &quot;Goddamn him, he's woke up already!&quot; Then a series of
  crashes began, as Scot fully intended to kick out the back seat to get free. &quot;That
  does it, we're not there yet. Take the stun box, let him poke through.&quot; As
  they watched, the back of the interior of the car began to buckle. &quot;Here
  it comes, I'll get him now,&quot; As a tough workboot emerged, the blonde jumped
  into the back seat, and grabbed the ankle to which it was attached. ZAP! &quot;Gotcha
  you maggot!&quot; she chortled. The kicks and thumps subsided, and the car
  returned to its former quiet. &quot;That was close, its a good thing this has
  a healthy battery. &quot;Yeah, Sharper Image is good for something.&quot;  
 III.  
He felt like a truck had run over his body, and a football scrimmage was
  going on inside his head. &quot;Scot Mallus, I presume,&quot; The blonde was
  leering down at him. &quot;I'm Carmen, and I'll be killing you this time tomorrow
  night.&quot; She spat in his face. With that, Scot reflexively tried to cover
  his face with his hands, only to find them restrained, very restrained. &quot;Oh,
  don't try to move, honey,&quot; the redhead cooed. &quot;I'm Suzy, and I used
  almost an entire roll of duct tape on those very muscular arms and legs of
  yours.&quot; She gave one of his nipples a brutal twist. &quot;Fuck lady, you
  have some explaining to do!&quot; &quot;Oh, really? I'm just a twat steak,
  you know twat steak don't you? I'm a little broiler-fryer, you can't talk to
  a broiler-fryer, asshole!&quot; She turned away from him, tossed her hair,
  and resumed. &quot;You are going to pay for all your writings. There's going
  to be a little intervention here in about twenty-four hours, and you're the
  star.&quot; &quot;&quot;You crazy bitch, whata you gonna do?&quot; &quot;Well,&quot; she
  purred, &quot;I do believe we're going to all sit around, have some wine, and
  read your fucking stories, then pick something from one of them. Scot flinched. &quot;Uh
  huh. There's a lot to choose from, you maggot. A lot to think about for the
  next twenty-four hours.&quot; &quot;You're out of your mind, this is kidnapping,
  this is assault, you walking piece of shit.&quot; Suzy turned and walked away,
  a flatulent noise emerging from her lips.  
 IV.  
She tossed the sports bottle on the floor, turned, and left the room laughing.
  This was not funny any more. As Carmen retreated into another part of the house,
  he began formulating his escape. It was going to be tricky. The grey mist of
  the drugs he'd been forced to swallow began to creep over him. He had almost
  figured out his last details, then sleep took him.  
 V.  
Scot awoke the next day, at what seemed to be afternoon. Oh, great, what
  had the little poltarscheisse been doing while he'd slept? He craned his head
  around, something was wrong. The room looked different. He was in the same
  room, but his table had been moved. While he'd been sleeping--Jesus, another
  psychological trick. They were driving the point home that they'd moved him
  while he had been sleeping, and he hadn't even awoke. Shit. Crazy bitches!
  Well, he could play tricks too. He began pounding and screaming. He yelled
  to wake the dead. He yelled himself almost hoarse. It worked, within two minutes
  the sound of running feet could be heard. &quot;Shut up, what do you want?&quot; &quot;Well,
  for one thing, I'd like to use the bathroom. For another, I want to sit down
  and talk about our little problem.&quot; Suzy came forward, brandishing a large
  chef's knife. Well, I can take care of that,&quot; As Scot froze, Suzy began
  cutting off his clothes, cutting around the duct tape. She sawed through the
  thick seams of his pants, shredded his shirt, and soon was flinging scraps
  over the side of the table. &quot;Now, this will be interesting, shall we see
  if you're a boxer or brief man?&quot; She pulled the elastic and started a-cutting
  then ripping Scot's underwear from his body. &quot;Don't move darling, I wouldn't
  want to hurt this!&quot; She gently scraped his thigh with the ten-inch knife. &quot;Oh,
  almost got your member, careful, careful.&quot; Scot yipped. &quot;Damn you
  cunt!&quot; &quot;Ah, she bent to kiss the small drip of blood starting to
  ooze. It was then that Scot issued forth the night's urine, a hot gush, right
  in her face. &quot;Take that, bitch!&quot; he spat. Then she spat. &quot;Oh,
  you'll pay for that. You wait! We moved the table against that wall for a reason.
  There's eight additional women coming, and we're all going to sit down at this
  end of this dining room with YOU at center stage. Each one of us will partake
  in some form of action; from YOUR stories! So, go ahead and pee all you want
  to--it will soon be your last.&quot; She stomped out in a huff.  
Scot didn't care. He had a plan now, and Suzy, unknowingly, had just helped
  it along.  
He spent the next hour searching out weak points in that infernal tape. Rope
  would have been so much easier. Of course, that's why they'd done it. He was
  applying incredible pressure, and yet the tape wouldn't budge. He was about
  to start hyperventilating when, he heard it; a kind of vinyl ripping sound.
  What was that? He moved his ass to one side, then his thighs to the other,
  there it was again. Instead of trying to tear the tape away from his body,
  he tried forming a &quot;bridge&quot;, a raising of his rump off of the surface
  he'd been tethered to. Riiiip! Aha! he almost laughed out loud. Great planning,
  gurrrls, you put a tablecloth down first, then taped me to it. Oh, we're so
  evolved, are we?&quot; Scot, knowing at last, just where to concentrate his
  efforts, in a further bridging motion, brought his feet up towards his face.
  And, miracle of miracles! The cloth came up with them. OK! Now, there was gonna
  be a real storm brewing! He lowered his feet, and although they were still
  nice and secure to the tablecloth, he began to slowly, and with great discipline,
  free himself.  
 VI.  
As evening began to encroach upon the afternoon, the blonde Carmen returned,
  purse in hand, and umbrella and cell phone in the other. &quot;OK, Pig, I'm
  leaving now,&quot; &quot;Give my regards to the earth's core you ugly-ass long
  cunted bitch.&quot; That is what he was thinking. Instead, as part of his plan,
  what came out of a frightened, trembling Scot Mallus was, &quot;Leave me alone
  you lousy thing. I never did this to you!&quot; &quot;I'm ...&quot; she looked
  twice and stepped closer--was he really about to break down and cry? Real crocodile
  tears? &quot;I'm off to get the other members of our little intervention.&quot; Scot
  turned away, scrunching his face into the tablecloth. &quot;Leave me alone,
  why don't you just kill me and get it over with?&quot; This was an unexpected
  twist. Carmen kept up the diatribe, however. &quot;Suzy will be keeping watch
  on you, don't worry. And remember, she has the gun, and Kathy is already on
  the way over. Don't worry, you won't be lonely.&quot; She sneered some dark
  thought, and rhythmically plodded off.  
Good, that was just what he'd wanted, no confrontation. He didn't want any
  close looks, any accidental slips, not now. A door banged; and off in the distance
  Scot heard a voice say &quot;I've got the cell phone, I'll be back in one hour,
  the girls will all follow me back from Teresa's house. If there's any trouble,
  you call me. Or shoot his balls off. Or both!&quot; She was fading now; outside,
  he guessed.  
 Two minutes later, Suzy tromped in. Oo, he wanted to tear her apart, her
  and that knife! &quot;I'm here to watch you, and this,&quot; she held up the
  pistol; &quot;is mucho better than that knife I had.&quot; Scot thought, Suck
  me off you cow!&quot; He said, &quot;Go die some place and leave me alone.&quot; He
  turned away, with a slight sniffle. Suzy was taken aback. &quot;You're afraid
  of little old me? Oh, say it isn't so!&quot; she mocked. She lowered the pistol,
  and walked over to the exposed side of the table. &quot;Go watch TV or something.
  Aren't you up Oprah's ass by now or something?&quot; Suzy smirked. &quot;Oprah's
  for the older sheople. She wants all the empowered cows to be led around by
  nipple rings in lockstep, to her tune of course. No thanks. I do what I want.
  That's why I find your work such an abomination.&quot; Keep her talking.&quot; &quot;You
  know, with, what did she say? Ten or eleven gir--women coming, you do realize,
  somebody will spill the beans. You can't keep a secret with that many people.
  What ever you do to me tonight will get out, think about that.&quot; Suzy was
  shocked, no epithets, no spewing filth? Maybe 'cause he was naked? hmmm. Scot
  thought; yeah, ponder my quietude you misbegotten whore. A little more, ...
  keep the face going, a little further now. &quot;Suzy, look, if this goes,
  um .. even half as good as you think it will, you can't take on four other
  people, everyone makes mistakes. You're young, don't throw it all away.&quot; Suzy
  broke looking at him, and chose shoe-gazing for the moment.  
(what was all this. He's helpless, that tape is so tight, I could bounce
  a ball off of it. What is he doing? Is he pleading? Stalling? Why? Meanwhile,
  in Scot's head; (OK, you're not looking at me. Now for the gun, nice gun, drop
  it, put it down, I'm no threat, nice and easy.) &quot;Oh, shut up,&quot; she
  said, more than a little deflated. &quot;You manufacture horrible stuff. People
  get off on it.&quot; She began pacing. &quot;Why do you create this stuff?
  You bond with other men and objectify us, its brutal.&quot; She did it! She
  put the gun on a chair. &quot;I need some water.&quot; She almost tripped to
  get out of the dining room. Scot allowed a smile, and released a deep pent-up
  breath he'd not realized he'd been holding. Three minutes later, probably panicking
  upon realization of a possible goof, she came racing back in. No, he hadn't
  moved. &quot;What's wrong?&quot; Huh? The gun was ... still where she'd left
  it. She looked at it, trying so hard to pretend not to look at it. &quot;I'm
  not going anywhere Suzy. I'm all trussed up, remember? You did this. Whatever
  happens happens, its out of my hands. I sure hope, for your sake, there's no
  hell.&quot; She was shaking so much now with conflicting emotions, that the
  water glass was looking like a fluid dynamics experiment.  
&quot;Look, leave here. Let Carmen and Kathy and whosis else do whatever,
  get away now. Don't be part of this.&quot; &quot;I can't, if some'um happens,
  they'll implicate me. I have ta do this.&quot; Scot almost wept. &quot;I don't
  even know you, but I'd give anything to save you from ... this.&quot; &quot;I
  must do it,&quot; she muttered. &quot;I'm sorry Scot, but I've thrown down
  the cards, the dice, whatever you wanna call them. I'm in too deep. There's
  my decision. Sorry.&quot; She turned from him, lowering her head. Praying?
  Thinking? Weeping? He didn't know, he couldn't tell. But his mind was committed
  as well.  
&quot;Fine,&quot; he breathed a very deep and weary sigh.  
&quot;In that case, here's mine,&quot;  
With one spin on his rump, Scot swiveledaway from his half-laying position,
  and within a split second, was facing the dining room wall, and a wall is an
  emovable object. Asking forgiveness for that which he could not foresee, he
  struck out in the ultimate leg press---pushing himself between that solid wall,
  and a very movable table. The entire table-for-eight, upended, sending Scot
  over the edge. True, there was still duct tape aplenty, but 90 percent of it
  was involved with a mere vinyl covering. Aside from some raw skin ripping in
  a few places, a naked Scot Mallus was cocooned in a nice thirty-something square
  feet of tablecloth. Suzy, however, had a great more to deal with. As she turned
  to look upon hearing those words, &quot;In that case,&quot;, she saw a table
  rear up on its side, and then begin its descent downward--upon her. Much like
  when a moving man looses a table down a flight of stairs, this unleashed beast
  of gravity, mass and momentum was intent on flattening her. Had she been laying
  down, it probably would have done just that. However, Suzy was standing, and
  was about to scream. She kicked out violently, instinctively knowing that she
  was about to end up under a massive piece of furniture. She didn't stop the
  table, of course; what she did succeed in doing, however, was kicking in the
  leaf--the leaf that expands to accomidate extra dining guests. The oncoming
  wooden mass was rigid--her body was not. As it landed with a resounding thud,
  the center table section, its leaf now kicked in, crushed inward like an acordion,
  breaking her leg in the process. Now she completed that scream, and many many
  more.  
 VII.  
Scot was doing the mummy-hop, that was like the bunny-hop, but with a shapeless
  robe of tablecloth enveloping him. He first had to attend to the duct tape,
  and then the whimpering Suzy. He hiphopped to the hallway, finding it at last.
  With so many girls coming and going through this place there had to be some
  solvent to dissolve this shit. He managed to find the discarded chef's knife
  in the kitchen and began cutting himself free. Then he located the bathroom,
  and found both alcohol and nail polish remover. Yes! There is a God! And she
  must've done her nails alot! He began pouring and scraping, ripping and pouring.
  At last, albeit very sticky and still naked, one hunky Scot Mallus was once
  more a free man  
Now, he had to work fast.  
First he located the linen closet, and did the Roman toga trip--it had to
  do; there was no man's clothing in the entire house. He rapidly scanned the
  house, counting rooms, and securing doors. He fastened the safety chains, so
  that girls-with-keys couldn't get back in. Safe for the moment, he went back
  to the dining room to do some triage and secure Suzy. He took some dish towels,
  and bound up her leg as best he could, all the while saying I'm sorry, I never
  wanted this to happen. He picked her up and carried her to one of the bedrooms.
  He laid her down, and carefully tied her hands, and her one unbroken leg to
  the bedframe. He ran back to the smashed table and found the gun. This, he
  pocketed, just in case Carmen and Kathy got a little overzealous. It pays to
  be prepared. He scanned the big, modern kitchen. It had the best of everything.
  He was slowly brainstorming a plan to deal with the gynosauruses, once and
  for all. He knew that inexorably, the irate troop was on the way, coming for
  him.  
He wondered how big a property this was, how soundproof, how many neighbours?
  He didn't have a lot of time. He spied a cellar door just off the kitchen.
  He crept down the creaking stairs. He saw the usual. Washer, dryer, big freezer,
  garden hoses everywhere.  
Hmmm, those hoses might make good trussing for feisty cows.  
He gathered up some of them, and put them in the kitchen.  
He looked all over the house for the fake data-pad, the stungun they'd used
  on him. Shit! Carmen must have it. Well, one plan shot to hell. He purged those
  thoughts, and began sending the train down a different mental track. His plotting
  was intruded upon by a car driving up, and, as the sound of the engine died
  away, it was replaced by the unmistakable kachunk of a car door being opened. &quot;Oh,
  shit-on-a-bun!&quot; He padded over to the lacey excuses for curtains, and
  peered out. It wasn't Carmen yet. Oh, good good good! It was the mysterious
  Kathy, and she neither knew him, nor knew of Suzy being put out of action.
  Well, time to take down one more. He crept through the house; to the front
  door, and undid the chain--and waited. He decided upon a nice solid livingroom
  chair. Ah, you cunts and your lack of upper-body strength. Kinda goes with
  your lack of brains. Trap me, will ya? KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK! From outside, Kathy
  heard a muffled &quot;in here Kath, he's in bedroom,&quot; She turned the knob.
  The door was open. Terrible falsetto, but hey, she fell for it. Kathy walked
  in, cautiously panning the room, studying everything. She shut then locked
  the door. She walked toward the dining room, then abruptly stopped in the doorway.
  Oh, fuck, Scot thought, the upside down table. She quickly--lightning fast--scampered
  through her purse, bringing out a huge pepper-spray. &quot;Who's in here?&quot; Scot
  spoke into the cushions. &quot;Kath, I'm here!&quot; She whirled around, not
  quite certain just where &quot;here&quot; was, and where that voice was coming
  from. She crept back into the livingroom. Cautiously, she tiptoed toward the
  hallway. She thought she heard something shifting She might have; it could've
  been Suzy, down the hall. Kathy chose that moment to split her concentration
  between the hallway, and the dining room. That table needed a closer look.
  Big mistake. Scot, with a running start, held the overstuffed chair in front
  of himself. He bounded toward the unsuspecting Kathy. As she heard the heavy
  feet baring down on her, she turned, spray in hand. And saw a ... chair? What
  the hell? Crash! She was down, trapped under an overstuffed chair. Her spray
  was useless. Scot stood on her feet, he smiled at this. &quot;Its like that
  witch that got the house dropped on her in that movie.&quot; &quot;You shit-face!&quot; &quot;Kathy,
  I presume.&quot; &quot;I'm gonna roast that sheet right off your ass!&quot; &quot;Charmed,
  I'm sure.&quot; Sorry, but I've got other plans. I'll give you a fair chance,
  forget all this, your friend Suzy is already severely injured.&quot; &quot;Go
  die,&quot; &quot;OK, one final chance--what do you and Carmie and the rest
  of the clit troop plan on doing tonight? Hmmm?&quot; &quot;Its gonna be the
  hottest date of your life, you mother,&quot; &quot;Oh, such language, you know,
  you don't even know me. I've never met you before. I could slaughter you here,
  right now, one last chance.&quot; &quot;&quot;You can say that now, but they're
  coming real soon.&quot; &quot;OK, that's it.&quot; Scot eased his weight off
  of her feet, and reached down to her ankles. He yanked her out from under the
  chair, but there wasn't enough clearance. Bang! He raised the chair up, and
  dragged Kathy into the kitchen. Dazed, she was only remotely aware of his use
  of duct tape and rope. Five minutes later, Kathy was all trussed up, high and
  dry; tied in a kitchen chair. He secured her mouth with a nice piece of tape. &quot;Stay
  cool baby, I have ta make new plans.  
 VIII.  
Carmen's arrival was imininte. And just how far behind her were the other
  eight rabid broad-breasted freaks? Time to move. He knew he could ensnare Carmen,
  but what about the eight? He remembered they mentioned in the beginning of
  all this Kathy was the inventor of the stungun data-pad look-alike. He knew
  either she'd have another one, or Carmen would have the original one which
  had brought him down. He ran for Kathy's purse, where the pepper spray had
  come from. He emptied its contents, and looked through all the trash. Nothing.
  Another plan shot to hell. He did remember to run back and relieve Kathy of
  the pepper spray. Now at least, that was his. Hmmm, he was thinking again.
  Kathy, meanwhile, was furious. She wanted to hurl the ultimate filth at him,
  but he wouldn't remove her gag. &quot;Sorry honey, not in the mood. Its a free
  country, and you've gone too far. Hey, don't worry, it'll all be over in about
  two hours--for you, that is.&quot; Good, let her have a taste of what they've
  put him through. Scot broke off his musings, as it registered that night was
  upon them. It was dark. So, let's just see if the night will offer any protection.
  He padded around, extinguishing all lights except for whichever room he was
  currently using. He hunted up more rope, and was just deciding on using the
  chair approach again, when he heard Carmen's car crunching into the drive.
  Time to move.  
Carmen parked rather hurriedly, and slammed the driver's door. She trotted
  up the porch, and had her key ready. She inserted it, turning the knob. As
  she opened the door, she called &quot;Kathy, Suzy, its me,&quot; No answer. &quot;Kath,
  I see your car, where are you?&quot; Carmen quickly scanned the livingroom,
  something was wrong. She noticed something that a man never would. Those little
  circles left by a chair that was in one place for a long time. A chair was
  moved several inches. She had a funny feeling. Acting upon it, she yelled &quot;Aha,
  no you don't!&quot; She pulled the door closed, and locked it with the key,
  then sprinted off at a run to surprise whoever it was. She pretty much knew
  who! She ran toward the back door, then stopped.  
Scot knew he could outsmart her. He was ready at the back door, listening
  for her approach. Before he realized just what had happened, there was a funny
  noise from somewhere--oh shit! the basement. She'd come through either the
  garage or the basement some way. &quot;Now, you're dead you pig!&quot; Scot
  turned, and saw two hate-filled eyes. &quot;what have you done with my friends?&quot; &quot;Don't
  move, cunt. I'm not playing this time. I've been stunned, cut, assaulted, now
  its your turn.&quot; &quot;Oh yeah? You forget, I've still got this,&quot; She
  held up that damn data-pad stungun. &quot;Stay where you are, I'm warning you!&quot; &quot;Afraid
  of me? Good.&quot; &quot;I have nothing against you, you're the kidnapper here.
  Let's just go our separate ways. Aren't you evolved enough for that?&quot; &quot;She
  was already insulating herself from the stun, ready to spring. &quot;Don't
  do it Carmen, last chance. I'll burn your ass down, for good!&quot; &quot;Oh,
  big brave naked snuff freak. Come on, show me what you got! Here it comes.
  Remember, I have this!&quot; She leaped toward Scot, as his hand came out from
  behind him. &quot;and I have this!&quot; He shot forth a round of the pepper
  spray he'd taken off Kathy. &quot;You have to get closer than I do, come on/!&quot; Carmen
  was gagging, choking. She still came on, he fired again. She screamed, then
  crumpled, and began to vomit. He shot forward, and kicked the wind out of her
  with a well-placed foot to her stomach. Now, at last, he had that damn stungun.
  It was all coming together.  
 IX.  
Scot was smiling. &quot;Hey, matching freaks!  
Two cunts a-sitting.  
Chairs for twats! You should be ashamed of yourselves.  
Oh, I know, you'd both love to be spouting filth at me right now. It just
  burns your heart out that you can't. Well, its gonna get worse--lots worse.  
Carmen and Kathy were both bound securely. They were facing one another in
  kitchen chairs, both fuming. &quot;OK, my dears, since you know what I look
  like, and I certainly can't trust you, it can only end one way. The way you
  were going to end it for me, remember? That's right, it looks like the two
  of you are about to gain a most intimate understanding of my writing.  
Kathy began to shake violently; Carmen remained like a rock; a very hard,
  hateful rock. So, shall we begin? Scot employed the stungun on Kathy's body
  first. She passed out, just as Scot himself had done, twice before. He scooped
  her up, and proceeded to cut off all her clothes with a kitchen knife. He roughly
  tore off Carmen's gag, he wanted her feedback. &quot;Her first, so you can
  watch. You've both earned this.&quot; Scott spread the supine Kathy out on
  the kitchen floor. &quot;You sick fuck, don't do what I think you're gonna
  do!&quot; &quot;Oh, don't worry bitch, I wouldn't pollute myself by doing THAT!&quot; Scot
  spat back. Instead of raping Kathy, as she first thought, Carmen watched as
  Scot took a stick of butter from the fridge, and unwrapped it. He then bent
  low, and shoved it up the ass of the unconcious Kathy. &quot;Hey, its to ease
  the pain.&quot; &quot;What the hell...&quot; Scot went over to the corner and
  picked up one of the garden hoses. He tried to afix one end to the kitchen
  faucet. The connection wasn't made for that however. &quot;Shit, be right back.&quot; He'd
  forgotten that. He ran down the basement, and finding a hose spiggit, connected
  it. This time, it fit.  
Running back upstairs, trailing the hose, he waved to Carmen. Now, you're
  next. Kathy there, told me I was in for the hottest date of my life, eh? Well,
  'tis better to give than to receive. Scot stepped forward, and let Carmen have
  it with her own little toy. She slunk into oblivion. Scot, seeing this, proceeded
  to untie her from her imprisoning chair. He next carried her across the room
  to the nice big new oven. This is gonna be good. he thought. He put her down,
  and opened the door. He took out the racks and broiler pans. This allowed plenty
  of room for his would-be murderer. &quot;I just wish there'd been another way,&quot; he
  said. He stuffed her yielding body into the gaping metal maw, and closed the
  door. There was one feature of this stove he'd spotted when he first entered
  this kitchen. He had made a mental note of it. Now it seems, that feature was
  about to be put to use. Scot didn't know how long the blackout affect would
  last for the two irate women. He guessed not much longer. He remembered waking
  up, thinking he was in a coffin. That damn car trunk! His reflection was once
  again interrupted , by cars pulling up. &quot;Oh, no!&quot; The eight girls
  were advancing upon him. This had to work.  
Three pairs of feet, then four, six, finally eight marched upon the porch.
  Scot figured, since they'd never seen him before, this might work. He called
  through the door, left ajar, &quot;come in, its all down the basement. Carmen
  and Kathy are busy getting the bastard ready! Hurry up!&quot;  
That did it, stupid animals!  
&quot;Wait for us!  
&quot;Why didn't they wait?!  
&quot;I wanta kill him!&quot;  
&quot;Let me through!&quot;  
The mad estrogen set raced through the door, ran toward the dining room,
  found it blocked off by some damn table uprooted, and ran for the basement.
  through the hall they all went, only to be stunned by Scot, falling headlong
  into chaos-- half-passing out, trampling each other, cursing, shrieking, fallingdown
  the cellar stairs, in a tangle of breasts purses, arms and legs--some of them
  sustaining nice fractures.  
Finally, after the mileu had subsided, Scot made sure they were all out for
  the count. He dragged them, all eight of them, to the huge walk-in freezer;
  it stood, in a dusty corner of the damp basement, tall and imposing, silently
  waiting for them. One by one, he tossed their limp bodies in like firewood,
  and set the controls for MAX! He closed it, locked it, put two large nails
  through the door, and finally--dragged a metal wardrobe and a heavy file cabinet
  in front of it. &quot;There,&quot; he rasped, catching his breath. &quot;A
  freakin truck couldn't move all that. Good night ladies.&quot;  
Scot wiped fingerprints from everything he could remember touching. He located
  some Isotoner gloves and slipped them on. He returned to the kitchen, just
  in time to see his two imperiled charges waking up. He slapped Carmen's face
  till she awoke startled, then slammed the oven door once and for all. He locked
  it with the big red lever. He next punched out Kathy, once awakened, she shrieked
  a string of blue. Sorry for the rude wake-up call, but you've got a very full
  night ahead of you. &quot;What's that mean?&quot; &quot;Oh, you'll find out.
  Scot left her, bound up for the last time, with a very long garden hose shoved
  up her well-buttered ass. &quot;Sorry for the intrution.&quot; he laughed.
  He walked downstairs, and slowly turned on the water from the basement. Carmen
  looked out of the glass window in the oven door, and choked in shere horror
  when she saw Kathy's predicament. &quot;OK,&quot; Scot stood with his hands
  on his hips, naked of the sheet now for the two girls to see. He raised his
  voice so the imprisoned Carmen wouldn't miss a word.  
&quot;Here's tonight's program, courtesy of Captain Snuff.  
He palmed a second stick of butter.  
&quot;Kathy there, who tried to kill me, is now, slowly filling up with water.
  She's about to undergo the mother of all enemas. You see, Carmie, when you
  pump a bitch full, the intestines fill up with water, and it pushes all the
  poop and stomach contents, back from whence they came. This continues until
  the colon is full, the 25 feet of bowel is full, then the tummy starts to get
  ... You guessed it! Full! But, the water doesn't stop. It will continue, on
  and on, until finally poor Kathy there, becomes something unique and wonderful--a
  meat fountain&quot;  
Scot began playing with his penis, the melting butter in his large hand was
  bringing it to life. And oh, such large life! &quot;Oh, I'll explain. As poop
  then stomach glop, then finally, water, comes pouring out of her mouth like
  a geyser, well ... she won't be able to breathe. Try drinking and breathing
  at the same time--can't be done.&quot; He began pumping, squeezing, faster,
  faster, it was still growing. His large dick began dripping pre-cum.  
&quot;So, she'll expire as a glorious, non-thinking piece of modern art.
  An eternally spewing womanoid. Now, let's turn to Carmen, who also conspired
  to kill me;  
in the oven there--reminds me of Hansel and Grettel, and the witch hmmm?&quot;  
He was working up a good rhythm now, a light film of sweat on his forehead.
  Once in range of Kathy's face, he let go an enormous jet of spattering cream.
  It struck her dead-center. He continued his discourse. &quot;I could set this
  thing to slow roast at say, 350 degrees. No, too slow. 450 would be nice, but,
  hey I'm not a monster. I just want this all over with, safe in knowing you're
  all gone from my life. So, there's a little red lever here marked Self Clean.
  It reaches a temperature of over 800 degrees, have ta get all that nasty grime
  and build-up off! I wonder what that will feel like? So, oh, before I forget--do
  you two hear that huge ruccus downstairs in the basement? Sounds like eight
  mad cows stampeeding, right? You're close. Its your eight girlfriends from
  your intervention gone awry. I've trapped them all, thanks to Kathy's invention,
  the stun gun. I nailed them shut in the master freezer, so, as Carmen's roasting,
  Kathy's drowning and bursting, and they are all down there, freezing to death.
  There's no help for any of you. Oh, and about Suzy. She had a shattered leg,
  and I am going to make sure she gets found and taken to a hospital. I'm taking
  a car from here. I'll be back tomorrow to torch this place, and that will be
  that. I'd do it now, but I want the two of you to have your final moments,
  face to face, as the grim reaper closes in on the both of you. It was the two
  of you who masterminded this. You brought all this on yourselves. So, that's
  about it.&quot; With the big red lever in position, a hand pushed the oven
  button.  
&quot;Tata.&quot;  
Scot turned, and under cover of night, in a black robe, drove away in a borrowed
  car. He had a couple of hairy moments, whereupon he was sure he'd be pulled
  over, but in the end, reached his home. He never in a million years thought
  he'd ever use that spare key hidden in a potted plant. Once inside, he threw
  the robe away, and ran a hot shower. He wanted to forget the past two days.
  Maybe after tomorrow, he might.  
But, he doubted it.  
Back at the house, Kathy was bloating like a 120-pound mass of rising bread
  dough. The intruding hose was slowly but steadily pumping water through her
  bowels, its weight growing more intrusive as it progressed. Inside the heating
  oven, Carmen was screaming in her mind, her strained vocal cords having shrieked
  themselves broken. From within her metal prison, Carmen could hear Kathy, just
  a few feet away, shrieking for help, screaming for her life. Four minutes after
  Carmen went silent, the moist tissue of her lungs began to steam and saute.
  At that moment, there was an abrupt silence. Kathy's screaming stopped. Carmen,
  in the midst of her sputtering, crackling Hell, stopped focusing on her burning
  skin to wonder why. Outside of the oven, Kathy began belching like a foghorn.
  She knew now; with a certainty deep within the pit of her distended stomach,
  this was the beginning of the end for her. A volley of growling thunderous
  burps echoed off the walls--Kathy realizing with mortifying astonishment, they
  were coming from her own mouth. Carmen pondered the rumbling barrage and thought, &quot;no
  beer-chugging frat could ever equal that. She didn't have long to ponder this;
  as a new morsel of agony inflicted itself upon her body. Carmin's breast tissue,
  with its high fat content, began to go funny, to soften, to bubble from the
  inside. With a sound like that of a hundred struck matches, her hair went up--replaced
  by a smokey, stench. This added to Carmen's hell. As she reflexively coughed
  and gagged on the reek of her ruined beautiful Pantene fortified tresses, she
  thought; &quot;gone, gone its all gone!&quot; With her lungs breaking down,
  Carmin began to gasp, and with each intake of breath, less oxygen and still
  more heat was brought in. Her stomach began to simmer. Carmen felt, as well
  as heard, the bubbling, gurgling from deep within her midsection. Outside,
  Kathy ceased the marathon burping. Now what? As an inevitable pushing from
  within her chest threatened to displace her diaphragm, a new, fresh Hell made
  itself known. Kathy began the longest continuous vomit in living history. A
  caustic burning, churning geyser spewed forth from her innards. A great torential
  reflux sent forth quarts of everything imaginable from her stomach--acids,
  bile, partial foods, with ever-increasing ferocity. More effluvia from meals
  past--a horrible tasting slurry exited forth from her open mouth. This soon
  became mixed with shit, all in ever-increasing amounts. She thought; He had
  been right; damn him! Glurp! Can't breathe! glurp! plop! bla! As Carmen's eyeballs
  threatened to melt and explode, she caught a shadowy glimpse through the acrid
  smoke of her friend's growing nightmare, pooling around her. As the reserves
  of partially digested foods thinned out, more feces rocketed forth, landing
  with pastey plops around Kathy. Carmen actually mentally suspended her pain
  for a moment; just a moment, as she gaped in pure horror at the foul human
  sewage fountain that her best friend was fast becoming.  
Then all at once, she was dragged from watching Kathy's last projectile moments,
  for her body's own trauma was on the increase. Now, Carmin sputtered, her skin
  weeped, then cracked, all her mucous membranes--mouth, throat, nose, sinuses,
  were destroyed in a hazey fizzing end. It galled her no end to know that it
  was her own body steaming and cooking. She finally became numb to the stench
  of her burnt hair, as all her nasal receptors shorted out and cooked away in
  a howling, searing climax.  
Her stomach began to boil!  
As Carmin neared the last two minutes of her life, Kathy edged closer to
  the end of her own. She felt the last mound of excrement violently exit her
  throat, a horrible warm softness brushing her tongue, as it did so. Kathy was
  revolted, she was angry now, along with being frightened. She was able to take
  advantage of this lull in her predicament, to steal several ragged breaths.
  She felt her center of gravity shift, as she soon realized her stomach was
  fast becoming a distended swollen, shapeless mass. She was fast filling up
  with water! She was considering whether or not it would bust open like a balloon,
  that, and trying desperately to root around and shake or crap out the hose
  which was mindlessly emptying into her. She knew she hadn't long to try. She
  pushed, she pulled against the duct tape constraining her thighs. She took
  in a shuddering breath. She tried again to evacuate that damn hose, but it
  was far too deeply entrenched in her ass. It was no good. She heard, from downstairs
  in the dark basement, all her friends kicking, howling, screaming for help.
  They must have been clawing at the door, screeching beyond all imagining, for
  their air would soon be gone. She could do nothing, affixed to this godamned
  chair! She thought, &quot;maybe I could,&quot; The thought was cut short, never
  completed. The window for breathing was cut off. She jetted forth now, clean
  water. All the debris was gone, and cool water began cascading down, eventually
  puddling around her. No air! Her lungs burned like fire! She was dizzy. She
  ... No a a air!  
Carmin prayed for God to please put a stop to this.  
She begged for forgiveness, she was truly sorry.  
Boom!  
Her prayers were answered.  
What was once a woman, no longer retained human form.  
Fluids steamed away into misty clouds, solids began smoking and carbonizing.  
Outside, with her friend's remnants sizzling away, Kathy's body was growing
  heavy. As the heaviness pressed in upon her, the darkness suffused her brain,
  at the same time the water suffocated her lungs.  
Carmin died, Kathy died.  
Down one floor below, eight frantic women, in a small walk-in freezer, were
  hyperventilating, banging and screaming for their freedom. They swore and screamed.
  They kicked and screamed. They threw themselves against the door of their prison.
  And continued to scream. Unknown to all of them, they were using up their air,
  at triple the normal time. They soon had a tomb completely free of oxygen.
  The temperature was also dropping. Now the screaming gave way to crying. Feeling
  exhausted and shaky on their feet, most of the girls sat down to cry. Actually,
  the weakness was due to the great amount of CO2 building up in their bodies.
  Soon, two girls went off to sleep. Within ten minutes, three more followed.
  That left three girls, and those three soon realized that they had inadvertently
  used up all their air. There in the basement, a gentle rain began to fall from
  the ceiling. It was coming from Kathy. From directly above them all, Kathy,
  now a lifeless cooling piece of meat, continued to jet forth, cold, clear water.
  She now had the cleanest insides imaginable, but couldn't appreciate the fact.
  The gentle drizzle perculated down, increasing every second, now landing with
  a pattering on the roof of the eight doomed girls' metal coffin. They never
  heard it. For one by one, eight sleepy girls grew still, their breathing growing
  more shallow each second. Their motions grew faint, Deprived totally now of
  oxygen, their brains surrendered. Their bodies went comatose. Within ten minutes,
  each one sporting a bluish tinge, all eight women expired.  
Now devoid of life, the old house grew still, only the sound of water, gushing
  from the gaping mouth of Kathy's cold wet corpse could be heard. Night fell.
  With a click, the self-clean feature on the kitchen oven shut off, its task
  finished. Only slight traces of ash remained within, the smoke having gone
  up the exhaust fan. Downstairs, eight inert forms slowly froze solid, the moist
  air within providing a fine shroud of frost which settled over their bodies--a
  cold whispy blanket of death for each of them.  
X.  
Scot, showered, dressed and smelling like a sea of cologne, sat Suzy on the
  steps of a church. While on the way, he explained to her, with a kiss, that
  he liked her, and he had seen the hesitation and doubt, which might have saved
  his life, and told her of the end of the ten women. He warned her, that if
  she ever mentioned it to anyone, she'd be culpable, and if he was brought in,
  she would be as well. She understood, and said &quot;let's just forget this
  nightmare.&quot; He said goodbye to her, drove three blocks north; stopping
  to call the police. He informed them just where to find a woman, who he said
  had been struck by a passing motorist. When the dispatcher asked him for his
  name, he hung up.  
 XI.  
The next day, after considerable difficulty of finding the house again, he
  never went inside. He couldn't. He brought five gallons of gasoline, all drained
  from cars, to the site. He scattered it around the outside of the house. he
  then piled anything burnable around the place. With gloved hands, Scot removed
  license plates, and any other identifying junk from the cars. He started small
  fires inside of each of them, then  
sent them on a one-way collision course toward the house,  
He slammed his door, started his car, and drove off.  
Seven blocks away, driving slowly, as if looking for a sign or a landmark,
  he heard the first of many, many explosions.  
It was finally over.  
 Vrykolakas  
 14 December 2004  
10:56 PM  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vrykolakas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





