BDSM Library - Dungeon Meat




Dungeon Meat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A cock-warming tale of the Spanish Inquisition featuring depraved priests, perverted nobles, vile torturers and hapless female victims. There will be future instalments ending at the auto-da-fe.DUNGEON MEAT   
 By Llabmik   
Chapter 1 &ndash; Highborn Bitch    
Grand Duchess Isabella lifted her nose in utter contempt as she watched that
  despicable worm, Lord Escobar, toady to the Grand Inquisitor. The lickspittle
  courtier had a peculiarly fawning expression on his face as he talked to the
  ancient priest. She would never have invited either the Grand Inquisitor or
  Lord Escobar to one of her  parties, but their hostess,
  the Queen of Spain, sadly had to cater to all factions.  
Feeling immensely superior to such grubby riff-raff, the Grand Duchess chatted
  amiably with the Queen, admiring the expensive decorations and high-priced
  entertainment. As far as the Grand Duchess Isabella was concerned, the Grand
  Inquisitor was just a glorified garbage collector. His filthy, shabbily dressed
  victims babbling hysterically like retards in front of the crowd at an auto-da-fe
  were obvious rejects that had to be cleansed for the good of all. The minor
  garbage was strangled before being burned. The more disgusting garbage shrieked
  long and hard for the cheering crowd as they twisted and writhed on seats set
  on poles high above the flames, being slowly roasted for the edification of
  all.  
Truth to tell, Grand Duchess Isabella rather enjoyed watching the lower orders
  being forced to scream and squirm. After all, they were barely human and only
  existed to serve and entertain people like her. It's not like they were real
  people.  
As a member of the nobility, she had a balcony seat at each auto-da-fe and
  was closer to the agonized victims atop their poles than were the teeming masses
  below. She felt scant sympathy for such filth and avidly watched the grimy,
  horrified faces contorted in hideous agony as they slowly cooked over the long
  tongues of flame. It was a real turn-on. It was a shame her husband was dead,
  because she had really enjoyed fucking his brains out afterwards. Perhaps she
  could quietly arrange to have sex after the next auto-da-fe with some young
  stud who could make her eyes roll back like a shark. She looked around the
  room speculatively.  
The Queen discretely raised her fan to cover her mouth, knowing the look
  of a cunt on the hunt. She nodded surreptitiously across the room at a young,
  black haired buck with the physique of a matador. She whispered urgently to
  Isabella.  
"Try Ricardo. Fucks like a mink. Keeps his mouth shut."  
Isabella nodded appreciatively.  
Lord Escobar glanced over at her as he talked. Isabella arrogantly averted
  her face, affecting not to notice him. The slimy twerp had actually proposed
  to her, obviously in pursuit of her late husband's vast holdings. The Grand
  Duchess was certain that she could do much, much better and have fun with a
  few Ricardos along the way.  
Face haughtily averted, Isabella failed to notice the Grand Inquisitor studying
  her speculatively while she in turn scoped out young Ricardo.  
The Grand Inquisitor was ever on the prowl for easy pickings to further enrich
  the already overflowing coffers of the Holy Church. There was, of course, a
  finder's fee (a percentage of her estate), which Lord Escobar would collect
  if his allegations proved true.  
The Grand Inquisitor inspected Isabella carefully. A full figured female,
  whose ramrod stature not only reflected one born to command the lower orders,
  it also presented her tits nicely. Isabella's creamy complexion was as flawless
  as fine porcelain. Her spoiled, pretty face reflected a lifetime of arrogance
  bossing obsequious servants and grovelling peasants.  
Her coiffure was one of her many glories. Isabella's personal hairdresser,
  Carmen, had worked her magic with slim deft fingers. The buxom beauty's long
  black hair was fancifully woven around, and held in place by, a large, elaborately
  carved and beautifully lacquered wooden comb. Needless to say, Isabella's only
  acknowledgement of this skilful service had been a small condescending nod
  after inspecting Carmen's work critically in a mirror. Why should she do or
  say anything more? After all, Carmen was just doing her job.  
Carmen's rival, Rosita, had beavered away industriously between Isabelita's
  legs in a bid to try and get Carmen's job after the Duke's death, but it really
  wasn't the same as a man. It took the edge off her sexual appetite, but the
  appetite for men remained, burning steadily in her loins. To Rosita's immense
  frustration, the Grand Duchess could tell the difference between a tongue whore
  and a hairdresser and thought more highly of the hairdresser.  
Isabelita would hardly have drawn much solace if she had heard what young
  Ricardo was saying to that old rou&eacute;, Father Carlos.  
Father Carlos raised his eyebrows.  
"Young Ricardo, how can you prefer older women?"  
Ricardo smirked smugly.  
"They don't yell. They don't tell. And they're grateful as hell!"  
Ricardo winked across the room at the Grand Duchess, speaking to her on the
  sly with the language of the eyes. She batted her long eyelashes back at him.
  Her fan fluttered suggestively. Affecting not to notice, Father Carlos addressed
  young Ricardo quietly.  
"You're not the only man ogling that prime piece of flirting fuckmeat. You
  had best bed her quickly, for I see the Grand Inquisitor and Lord Escobar eyeing
  the newly made widow like starving wolves circling a straying lamb."  
Ricardo nodded. It was common knowledge amongst the courtiers that the Grand
  Inquisitor had found that widows were easy pickings, suddenly lacking the protection
  of a powerful husband.  
If what the sagacious Lord Escobar had said about the unwillingness of the
  Grand Duchess to quickly form a protective alliance were true, the Inquisition
  would make short work of her. The highborn bitches often foolishly believed
  that the exalted positions of their late husbands still protected them. Having
  led pampered existences, reality was often a rude shock to them. The Grand
  Inquisitor always marked the haughtiest, snottiest ones for future reference.
  A spoiled, pampered beauty was always where the true money was and, after all,
  teaching her humility was his Christian duty.  
Grand Duchess Isabella looked like she would be an interesting student.  
Chapter 2 - Lowborn Bitch   
Curiously, snobbery knows no boundaries of class. There are haughty, snotty
  bitches everywhere.  
Sabila the Barmaid sniggered at the chubby priest as he almost fell flat
  on his face stumbling over the doorsill while entering The Pig and Firken (affectionately
  called the Firkin Pig by its regular patrons). She snorted like a draft horse
  (which in some sense she was).  
"Look at the fat&ndash;faced frocked fuckhead!"  
Father Carlos looked at her composedly over the gales of laughter as he regained
  his balance. He smiled beneficently at the rough tongued tart, marking her
  for future reference.  
"Bless you, my child."  
"I'm not your child. My mother has better taste!"  
Father Carlos knew better. Reflecting inwardly that sluttiness obviously
  ran in the family, his protest was mild.  
"We are all God's children. If you are Sabila, I do  know
  your mother &ndash; a fine woman to have spawned such disrespectful offspring!
  Do you insult and harry all your customers in this fashion? If so, your tips
  must be small!"  
The fair Sabila placed her hands on her seductive hips and faced him squarely,
  determined to put him firmly in his place.  
"I only pick on those who have taken vows of poverty like yourself. They're
  no good to me!"  
Sabila smirked mockingly at him. Like her mother, Sabila was a naughty super-vixen.
  She stretched elaborately, tauntingly, jiggling her big melons provocatively.  
"Poverty and Chastity must be so  boring. No opportunities,
  nothing to flaunt and squat to do!"  
Father Carlos nodded amiably.  
"You would be surprised to find how much joy and power is to be had within
  Mother Church!"  
" Very   surprised!"  
Father Carlos was mildly indignant.  
"You doubt God's power?"  
"I don't doubt God's power. I doubt yours!"  
Father Carlos laughed good-naturedly and ordered a mug of good strong draft
  ale. He raised his mug to Sabila.  
"There is much forgiveness, too, even for an insolent young temptress like
  yourself. It's lucky for you that men learn, quite literally at their mother's
  knee, to accept abuse from a woman. They accept from a female that which would
  be fighting words from a man. Even so, I would guard my tongue if I were you!"  
Derisively, she rolled her eyes skywards and gave him the finger. Continuing
  the motion upwards with that self-same finger, she curled her magnificent blond
  hair over her cute ears and went to deal firmly with a group of fragrant farmers
  who had burst in to the pub, loudly stamping the horseshit from their boots
  and coarsely bellowing for service from the serving wench. Sabila stared at
  the earnest sons of the soil and sighed theatrically in disappointment. She
  looked pointedly at the door, which they had signally failed to close behind
  them.  
"Judging from your shabby clothes, your uncouth manners, and even more by
  your ripe odour, I guess you guys really were  born in
  a barn."  
Chapter 3 - Payback    
Young Ricardo had laboured mightily between her eagerly parted thighs and
  then surreptitiously crept back to his father's castle. All fucked out, Grand
  Duchess Isabella was sleeping soundly on her fine down mattress when the Inquisitors
  burst in. She sat up in bed, her nightgown bunched around her waist. Safely
  hidden under the sheets, her bare rump accidentally slid onto the cold slimy
  wet spot. She rubbed her eyes groggily. A brief glance at the intruders snapped
  her fully awake.  
"What is the meaning of this? Leave my bedroom at once!"  
She raised her voice in outrage.  
"Where are my guards?"  
Her crystal clear, upper crust enunciation reflected the haughtiest disdain
  and scandalized indignity as she fastened her gimlet gaze on Lord Escobar.  
"What is the meaning of this impudence, Lord Escobar?"  
He deliberately avoided using any of her many titles when he addressed her.  
"Isabella, your guards let us in because we are on God's business authorized
  by the King himself in full co-operation with the Holy Inquisition. You have
  been charged with witchcraft. Our deeply religious King is horrified. The Inquisitors
  are here to ascertain the truth of the matter."  
She narrowed her eyes to slits, glaring coldly at Lord Escobar. She threw
  her head back and tossed her long black hair contemptuously. A cockroach in
  her soup would have received a more loving reception.  
Curling her lip in utter loathing, she spoke very pointedly to her spurned
  suitor.  
"And what are you   doing here, Lord Escobar?"  
Lord Escobar's cool reply jolted her.  
"I have been appointed by His Majesty, the King, to make sure that, as a
  highborn member of the nobility, you are handled with the greatest respect
  until your guilt is ascertained."  
Isabella looked at him, stunned. Her spurned suitor was now her only protector
  in a room of hard-eyed muscleheads? Their hoods only masked the top half of
  their faces. Their feral grins were deeply disturbing and touched an ominous
  chord of fear deep in her soul. Lord Escobar gestured indolently at the hooded
  beefcakes in black who surrounded him.  
"I'll have to ask you to strip for the gentlemen."  
Isabella's jet black eyes bored into Lord Escobar.  
"What!!! This is your idea of handling me with the greatest respect?"  
To degrade and humiliate a man, he is seized and forcibly stripped. To degrade
  and humiliate a woman, you force her to strip herself naked in front of everyone.
  A man who understood these fine nuances, Lord Escobar coughed delicately.  
"Ordinarily, these men would grip you firmly and rip the clothes from your
  body. The King expects your full and complete co-operation in this unpleasant
  matter. If you choose to resist, the King has said that he will regard this
  as a sign of your guilt and has authorized these men to treat you as they would
  the lowliest peasant."  
Isabella wasn't giving up.  
"This is outrageous! Who is my accuser?"  
Lord Escobar was enjoying himself hugely. Verbal fencing always delighted
  his courtier's heart. His alternately wheedling and acid tongue was a more
  formidable weapon than any sword.  
"You must understand that your accuser's name cannot be revealed to you until
  your innocence is proven beyond doubt. If you are  a witch,
  you could lay a curse on him or her."  
Isabella huffed and puffed, seething with scandalized indignation.  
"It is not fair to be accused by a nameless coward! How can the King or the
  Church permit it?"  
A touch of steel entered Lord Escobar's voice.  
"I can say this much: your accuser must have credibility or the King would
  not permit it nor would the Holy Church sanction these proceedings. Furthermore,
  I do not think that taking on Satan's evil minions is coward's work. If you are  a
  consort of the archfiend, a whore to the beast, Satan's Slut, you are a dangerous
  woman indeed!"  
As Isabella sputtered indignantly, the sly courtier adopted a smoothly oleaginous
  tone of voice that made her skin crawl.  
"As your representative in this matter, I suggest complete co-operation as
  the King has requested. The sooner you get out of bed, stand before us and
  strip naked so that you may be examined for the blemish that is the mark of
  the beast, the sooner it will all be over with."  
Isabella blanched.  
"I demand to see the King!"  
Lord Escobar spoke sharply.  
"The King, a Christian of deep piety, has no desire to associate with, or
  be near, any possible witches. He has selected me to run the risks in his stead
  and to assist these trained professionals in their dreaded task."  
Isabella's eyes darted nervously, taking in the heavyset, hooded monsters
  that backed Lord Escobar. Her voice was starting to sound plaintive, more uncertain,
  music to Lord Escobar's ears.  
"It is indecent, being naked before strangers! Surely it should be a woman
  who represents me and looks after both my and the King's interests."  
Lord Escobar was arrogantly dismissive.  
"The dangerous work is always   men's work. This is
  a job that is totally  unsuitable for a woman."  
Having put her firmly in her place, he changed completely, speaking softly,
  a sweetly wheedling courtier, his face a mask of sincerity and reasonableness.  
"Isabella, these men are trained professionals, blessed by the Holy Church.
  I am on your side, aghast at the accusations. I am not about to see a fellow
  member of the nobility abused and humiliated beyond what is strictly necessary.
  If the accusation is false, just get it over with and visit vengeance on your
  accuser afterwards. I will assist you in any vengeance when your innocence
  is proven. After all, I could well be the next victim of such a villain."  
Lord Escobar was delighted to see her sulky, resentful acquiescence as the
  buxom beauty moved under the covers to the side of her large bed, surreptitiously
  wiping Ricardo's moist sperm from her bum in the process. She smoothed down
  her nightdress over her thighs, drew back the covers and put a shapely bare
  foot on the highly polished wooden floor. Nonchalantly she pulled the blankets
  to cover the telltale wet spot as she slipped from the bed. She stood before
  them, straight as a candle, big breasts tenting the front of her nightdress.
  She glared balefully around her, boldly defiant.  
"My skin is blemishless!"  
She daringly jerked off her nightdress and stood before them, stark naked.  
There was a collective sigh from the assembled men. It was moments like this
  that made being an Inquisitor worthwhile. Lord Escobar coughed delicately.  
"And now for the blindfold, to protect everyone from the evil eye."  
Isabella snorted contemptuously at the proffered black leather blindfold
  dangling negligently from Lord Escobar's index finger.  
"Ridiculous! Totally absurd!"  
She glared witheringly at the assembled men.  
"What cowardly ninnies!"  
She boldly snatched the blindfold and defiantly buckled it in place.  
"Anything else, Lord Escobar?"  
With his usual impeccable timing, Father Carlos stepped into the room. The
  chubby priest slowly inspected the blindfolded beauty from her slavishly brushed
  and combed long black hair right down to her pretty little toes, lingering
  appreciatively on the points in between. Isabella's full ripe monster melons,
  jiggling delectably, her big pink teats, her tightly clenched buttocks, dimpling
  prettily, her taut flat belly and her long athletic legs, kept modestly together,
  were well worth lingering on. Her coal black tangle of richly curled pubic
  hair contrasted strongly with her indeed blemishless milky white skin.  
Father Carlos winked jovially at Lord Escobar. Grinning openly now that the
  bitch was blindfolded, Escobar winked back at him and gleefully continued to
  prep the haughty beauty for some serious humbling.  
"Two more things, Isabella. The first is to put your hands behind your back
  that they may be bound securely to prevent any mystic manual invocations."  
The sniggering men nudged each other and exchanged gloating looks as Isabella
  obligingly put her wrists together behind her. Isabella grunted as her wrists
  and elbows were instantly bound tightly together with whipcord, lifting her
  tits magnificently as she panted indignantly.  
"The whoreson who made this complaint against me shall pay dearly!"  
Lord Escobar smirked.  
"Which brings us neatly to point two. You must be gagged to prevent any curses
  being uttered. Open wide, Isabella."  
"Outrageous!"  
Nevertheless, Isabella opened wide. Lord Escobar cupped the back of her pretty
  head with one hand and, with the other, rammed the penis gag home, burying
  it deep in her throat. With a hand clamped firmly over her mouth, he held the
  gag in as she involuntarily deep-throated it. Strong hands buckled it firmly
  in place. Isabella gagged and choked, eyes watering under the blindfold.  
"You would think that the Wicked One's wench would be an old hand at sword
  swallowing!"  
Father Carlos addressed the hooded Scribe who was sitting at the Grand Duchess's
  desk with quill and parchment to record the proceedings.  
"Let the record show that the witch's attempts to utter a curse were successfully
  thwarted."  
Strong hands pulled Isabella's shapely legs apart as her squirming nakedness
  was sandwiched between Lord Escobar and Father Carlos. Father Carlos lifted
  his robes and Lord Escobar unbuttoned his pants. Isabella's widespread feet
  were twisted inwards, pigeon-toed, to prevent her from clenching her buns,
  thus opening the panting pink-faced beauty for nearly simultaneous vaginal
  and anal violations.  
She squealed frantically as their combined thrusts neatly opened her holes
  for business and lifted her to the tips of her pretty little toes. Her toes
  were allowed to turn outwards so that she could clamp down tightly on the anal
  invader.  
"Let the record further show that, once stripped, the widow showed clear
  evidence of very recent sexual congress both vaginal and anal!"  
The hooded men guffawed as the Scribe dipped his quill in the inkwell and
  dutifully recorded this shameful truth for the King. They impatiently waited
  their turn at the naked nookie. There was nothing like a good gangbang to loosen
  up a stuck-up bitch. No sooner had Lord Escobar withdrawn his dripping member
  than another rigid manrod took its place, spreading her cuntlips wide and probing
  deeply. Behind her, Father Carlos unplugged and Isabella squealed frantically
  as another greased dick took his place, stretching her rectum painfully. Each
  inquisitor had barely unplugged before the next had rammed his rock-hard erection
  home. Isabella was the squealing squirming white meat in a continuous, hard-humping,
  team cream sandwich.  
Lord Escobar was indulgent as he chatted amiably with the fat priest.  
"Give her time. She's definitely not an Anal Annie now, but she has enthusiastic
  teachers. By the end of the night, she'll be thoroughly tutored in the Art
  of the Butt Clench."  
Father Carlos nodded.  
"On the other hand, I like the way her large soft breasts crush up against
  the chest of the man in front to give it a good scrubbing with those big nipples.
  I started by a sneak attack from the rear. Perhaps I should try a full frontal
  assault next."  
As he fisted his penis erect, pumping vigorously to prepare it for round
  two, he addressed the Scribe.  
"Scribe! Make a note that her recent sexual congress obviously involved multiple  demonic
  partners, judging from the quantity of spew scandalously dripping down her
  thighs from both  orifices. The witch must be subjected
  to a rigorous regime of regular vaginal and anal inspections to keep a lookout
  for any possible signs that she is gravid with the Spawn of Satan."  
One of the hooded monsters chewed hard on her nipples, using his large yellow
  teeth and rasping tongue vigorously. When they were red, erect and throbbing,
  he rammed his large, rock-hard member into her dripping, quivering quim.  
"Scribe! It should be further noted that her teats showed signs of recent
  suckling. The fecund succubus may have already pupped at least one demonic
  brood. She's a bitch of a witch! You are to be commended for having spotted
  her, Lord Escobar."  
Despite the brutally invasive distractions, Grand Duchess Isabella heard
  this revelation of Lord Escobar's perfidiousness. She shrieked her rage futilely
  into her penis gag, a long ululating wail. She bounced helplessly up and down,
  holes opened wide by deep delving dicks, crushed nude between hard-humping,
  but all-too-human demons.  
Her throat was sore. Her nipples stung. Her cunt ached. Her rectum burned.
  Isabella squirmed and writhed, sobbing and snuffling, trapped in her own fiery
  hell, thinking stupidly that it couldn't get any worse.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Cellar Dweller   
The torches flickered, casting tenebrous shadows on the stone walls of the
  dank subterranean chamber. The raw screams, broken sobs and hysterical pleadings
  of the damned echoed off the cold walls of the inquisition dungeon with bone-chilling
  clarity.  
A rich musk of piss, shit, blood, sweat and sex infused the nostrils of the
  fat priest as he inhaled deeply. He smiled benignly at the upturned face staring
  up at him from behind the grating set in the floor. The tiny oubliette was
  only two feet deep, four feet long and three feet wide covered by a heavy iron
  grating locked down on its hapless inhabitant.  
 "Bless you, child, for you have sinned badly in the eyes of the Lord."  
 From the oubliette, a scared female voice answered contritely.  
 "Forgive me, father."  
 The fair Sabila was lying naked on her back with her legs spread, her parted
  knees pressed tightly against the rough iron grating, framing her cunt and
  tits beautifully, a pinned butterfly on display. Sabila, the barmaid who had
  mocked him the night before, was a mightily shaken bitch. Queen of the bar-room
  putdown, her remark about the fat-faced frocked fuckhead had been carefully
  noted by the Inquisitor who had been travelling in a normal monk's robes with
  none of the insignia of the Inquisition upon him.  
He lifted his robes and peed into her flinching smirky-bitch face, directing
  a long hard beer piss that he had been saving up just for her. She gasped and
  squirmed as, his thick dick in hand, he played the dark yellow stream over
  her features. A heavy drinker with a large bladder capacity, he gave her tits
  a quick spray, directing his strong-smelling urine back and forth over her
  big pink nipples. Sabila opened her mouth to suck in air and he instantly squirted
  some over her tongue to give her a taste before it splattered down her open
  throat.  
Her big breasts quivered liquidly as Sabila choked and sputtered.  
The sound of her mother's shrill shrieks heard earlier still echoed in her
  ears. Horrified at what she had brought down on her family with her big fat
  mouth, Sabila was deep in the throes of a monstrous mental meltdown. Not that
  the tart-tongued trollop was currently on speaking terms with her mother, but
  there was a world of difference between an on-going family squabble and being
  responsible for putting your own mother in soul-searing agony, screaming her
  lungs out in a torture chamber.  
The portly priest smiled down at her. Squatting, he wormed a chubby finger
  into Sabila's lewdly exposed fuckhole.  
"There's no rush for you to confess, Sabila. This 'fat-faced frocked fuckhead'
  has to get your mother's confession before I get around to you."  
Sabila was panic-stricken. After being seized by hooded men in the night,
  forced to strip naked, stuffed in a tiny cage, finger-raped, pissed on and
  having heard her mother scream, her storm-tossed mind was churning wildly.  
"I confess! My mother has nothing to do with it! I swear! We aren't even
  on speaking terms!"  
Deceptively, the wily priest showed only the mildest interest.  
"What exactly are you confessing to, my dear?"  
Poor brain-fried Sabila looked confused.  
"Witchcraft, what else?"  
"You confess to being a witch then?"  
"Yes! Yes! It's only me that's a witch. Just leave my mother alone!"  
The fat priest looked smug. He was always amazed and delighted at what sweating,
  frantic females would say and do.  
"Actually, you and your mother were only brought here for disrespecting the
  Holy Inquisition. A bit of detention and a few Hail Mary's would have served
  to teach you both some much-needed respect. Now we have to examine each of
  you much  more closely. We'll have to bring in your aunt
  Maria as well."  
Sabila was horrified. The fat priest looked thoughtful.  
"Witches, eh?"  
"No! No! I only said it to free my mother!"  
 The chubby priest looked at her cunningly, withdrew his questing digits
  from her cunt and wormed a fat fuck finger into her rectum.  
 "I wonder what your mother has to say about this new development? We must
  question her with painstaking thoroughness!"  
 "No! No! It's all a stupid mistake! It's me you want! I'm the one with the
  big, fat, stupid mouth!"  
 The fat priest looked at her earnestly as he pulled his finger out of her
  nether regions. He stroked her cuntlips and patted her bare buttocks reassuringly.  
 "Don't worry, my dear. We'll get around to you, but your mother was about
  to leave. I must hurry to make sure that this evil witch doesn't escape!"  
 As the fat priest hurried off, he heard Sabila's despairing cries fade behind
  him.  
 "NOOOO! NOOOooo! noooooo&hellip;!"  
He caught up with Sabila's mother just before she left.  
"Belinda! Could I ask one more little favour?"  
Big busty Belinda gave him a knowing smirk.  
"What would ye like, Father Carlos? More of ye olde in-and-out?"  
Father Carlos smiled at her winningly.  
"I'd like that a lot! Nobody does it like you do!"  
"You rogue! I bet you say that to all the damsels!"  
"Only to the fairest ones!"  
Belinda gave a lusty chortle. She hoisted her skirts and the priest hoisted
  his robe revealing his rock-hard boner. Belinda grasped it in her strong fingers
  and milked it skilfully. She grunted in lewd satisfaction as she wrapped her
  legs around his hips and guided his pocket rocket into her socket.  
"Sweating the bitches sure makes you a horny devil!"  
Thinking excitedly of her naked helpless daughter, he pumped lustily as he
  stood, carrying her full weight, his hips thrusting mightily into the winsome
  wench's warm wet willy warmer. As he emptied his seed into her, he sighed in
  satisfaction.  
"I have one more teensy-weensy favour!"  
She looked at him in wonder.  
"Again? So soon!"  
He chuckled crudely.  
"No! No! I'm not that much of a stallion! I want you to exercise your vocal
  skills."  
Belinda smirked slyly.  
"You have some new witches to sweat?"  
He smiled.  
"Exactly! Just stand at the doorway to the dungeon and curdle their blood!
  Your screams during our previous carnal exercise were most inspirational. One
  of the bitches confessed to witchcraft right afterwards just on the basis of
  that alone!"  
Belinda was scathingly contemptuous.  
"Stupid cunt! Make her scream extra long and hard to teach her a lesson."  
Father Carlos chuckled warmly.  
"Excellent suggestion!"  
They both giggled. Father Carlos was encouraging.  
"Let's see how many more you can get to confess with your next effort!"  
Belinda, blissfully ignorant of her daughter's plight, sniggered.  
"My pleasure!"  
They went down the stone steps to the bowels of the castle. They stopped
  by the heavy studded door, the gateway to a smoky, torchlit hell of groaning,
  sobbing victims, Belinda gave him a coy wink and emitted an ear-piercing shriek
  directed down to horrified ears in the dark dank depths. The background groaning
  and sobbing stopped abruptly, giving way to a terrified silence as busty Belinda
  inflated her ample torso and began a virtuoso vocal performance.  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  
She took a deep breath.  
"NO! NO! ANYTHING BUT THAT!!!!"  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!"  
"PLEASE, NOT THERE!!!!"  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  
"GOD! GOD! I CAN'T STAND THE PAIN!!!!!!!!!!"  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"  
She shrieked and pleaded hoarsely on and on, her cries, sobs and pleadings
  echoing eerily off the cavernous stone walls.  
"NOT THE BREASTS!!!! PLEEEEEAAAAASE NOOOOO!"  
"AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  
A skilful actress, she added a whole new depth of horror to her voice.  
"NOT BETWEEN THE LEGS!!!!!!!! NNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO!"  
She shrieked ever more piercingly, skilfully milking the dying echoes.  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"  
"AAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip;"  
They listened to the last of her hideous screeches echo into nothingness
  in the deep, dark, dread-filled bowels of the castle's dungeon. Belinda loved
  hanging out with the bad boys. She smirked smugly at the priest.  
"There! That should give the stupid sluts something to think about!"  
Father Carlos nodded as he escorted her back up from the depths of the castle.  
"You do superb work!"  
"Tell that to my daughter if you see her. Snotty little minx won't even talk
  to me! Ran off to stay with my sister, Maria. She's a stuck-up, hoity-toity
  snotnose, too. They deserve each other!"  
"I'll do that very thing!"  
He held the door open for her politely, aping the manners of a gentleman.  
"A shame you have to go on such a long trip. I'll miss you."  
She snorted cynically.  
"You have a whole dungeon full of hot cunts to keep you warm while I'm away."  
The big priest looked at her like a love-struck puppy.  
"But while I'm humping them, I'll be thinking of you!"  
Delighted, she gave him a playful shove.  
"Get off with ye, ye olde rogue!"  
"I bet you say that to all ye olde rogues!"  
Chapter 5 &ndash; Sobbing Sluts    
Father Carlos and the anonymous hooded guards hustled Sabila's Aunt Maria
  into the depths of the inquisitor's dungeon.  
"Curtsey to the Grand Duchess, wench."  
With a thrill of horror, Maria looked into an alcove that they were passing
  and recognised Grand Duchess Isabella.  
Isabella's grimy, well-pawed naked body was hanging from her slender aristocratic
  wrists, which were clamped in a set of stocks mounted vertically, high on the
  wall. Her delicate ankles were indelicately clamped in another pair of stocks
  mounted lower on the wall. This not only ensured that her dainty little toes
  never touched the ground but also spread her superb legs wide, exposing the
  highbred beauty's most intimate charms to the small group of cruel perverts
  clustered around her. Her soft breasts were clamped at their base between two
  rollers, causing them to bulge like two balloons about to burst, her nipples
  swollen to gargantuan size. From her cunt poked the shaft of the dreaded Pear.
  As its name implied, this was an unlubricated pear-shaped metal object that
  had been jammed deeply into her cunt in a wave of searing agony. The bulbous
  end of the Pear abraded and stretched her cuntskin lining achingly wide.  
Even unopened, the Pear felt cold and heavy inside her. The force of it pressing
  against her cervix was deeply distressing. The hooded torturer, his massive
  bare chest gleaming with sweat in the torchlight, wiggled the Pear suggestively.  
Grand Duchess Isabella flushed beet-red and moaned. Her pale white skin showed
  her blushes, bruises and whip-marks beautifully. The inquisitor pinched and
  flicked her clit with his strong fingers to convert the moans into sobs of
  anguish.  
Her eyes opened wide as he began to open the Pear inside her.  
Each turn of the shaft, protruding like an obscene wind-up key from between
  her cuntlips, opened the sections of the Pear inside her tool tunnel. It blossomed,
  an obscene cold metal flower burrowing ever deeper into her warm moist cavity,
  stretching the pink painfully. As the spiked metal petals of the Pear pushed
  out, it forced itself in further, pressing hard against her cervix.  
The Torturer tapped and jiggled the shaft of the Pear. The cold metal instrument
  transmitted it all to the very core of her being. Thus, even the tiniest movement
  of the brutally invasive implement elicited fresh squeals and ever more hysterical
  pleadings.  
Isabella's bare bod was shaking continuously; making the locks on the stocks
  that clamped her wrists and ankles rattle and clink. The Scribe's pen scratched
  noisily on parchment as he copied down the unbelievable depravities Her Ladyship
  was confessing to. Not too surprisingly, they sounded like the ravings of a
  madwoman deep in the grip of severe dementia.  
Father Carlos smiled indulgently as Grand Duchess Isabella babbled desperately
  about fornicating with the Devil who had, apparently, stood on his cloven hooves
  behind her during a Witches Sabbath conducted in the nude. The Devil was a
  backdoor boy, it turned out. She described how his long tongue had reached
  around to lick her nipples while his enormous hairy member had mightily parted
  her fundament to squirt his seed deep into her bowels.  
A tiny twist of the key brought fresh shrieks, as the Pear opened Her Ladyship's
  cunt so wide that small trickles of bright red arterial blood dribbled down
  the insides of her quaking lily-white thighs. This drew even more shocking
  revelations from the highborn beauty about how, after anal fornication with
  Satan, she had borne the Devil's Shit Children, squatting down and squeezing
  them out like turds to run around on the floor, scampering out into the night
  to infect the villagers with plague. Delighted by this inspired bit of whimsy,
  the Scribe's pen flew.  
Father Carlos clucked and shook his head as an Inquisitor pressed Her Ladyship's
  belly, manipulating it with the skill of much obscene practise, forcing her
  ovaries against the hard metal petals of the pear blossoming lewdly inside
  her cunt. The spittle foamed on Grand Duchess Isabella's shrieking lips as
  she screamed higher and rawer than anyone Maria had ever heard. The Inquisitors
  were familiar with the effects of stomach massage on a victim of the Pear.
  They all stepped back just before Grand Duchess Isabella yorked up her morning
  gruel over her ballooning breasts.  
As the Pear blossomed inside her, it pressed firmly against her bowels and
  bladder. Isabella's panicky voice quavered like an old woman's as she pleaded
  hysterically.  
"Madre Dios! Mother of God! Have mercy! I'm going to piss myself! I'm going
  to shit myself!"  
The Inquisitors chuckled genially. Her quivering, lily-white buttocks were
  fondled affectionately.  
"If you fornicate so freely with the Devil and his fiends, will you fornicate
  with us? Freely performing any obscene, depraved acts we require of you?"  
"Yes! Yes! Yes! Anything you want! I will fornicate with goats and bulls!
  Dogs and sheep! Anybody! Anything!"  
Completely broken, her shaking voice radiated the most complete sincerity.
  The Scribe dipped his quill in the inkwell and documented both this damning
  admission and her attempts to bribe the Inquisitors with offers of perverted
  sex. Father Carlos smiled happily. He shoved Maria roughly along the torchlit
  tunnel.  
"We, of course, will have to confiscate her Castle and all her worldly goods
  in the light of these shocking revelations."  
Poor horrified Maria stumbled ever deeper into the depths of the dungeon.
  A serving wench, naked save for a small white towel knotted around her waist,
  was walking up the passageway bearing a silver salver with a flagon of wine
  and some crystal goblets on it. She knelt subserviently on one knee, holding
  the tray high with her head bowed humbly, offering Father Carlos and the hooded
  brutes around him a drink. Father Carlos paused to enjoy a sip, playing the
  genial host as he introduced the kneeling near-naked nookie.  
"Have you ever met Magdelene? Her mother used to own this very castle."  
He placed a patronising hand atop Magdalene's bowed head, miming a King granting
  knighthood.  
"Arise, Lady Magdalene!"  
The Inquisitors sniggered as Magdalene stood and smiled winningly while Father
  Carlos gave each of her breasts a good hard squeeze. The plastic grin stayed
  frozen on her sweet face as he pinched and twisted her dark brown nipples until
  they were swollen erect. Her servile smile took on an even more strained quality
  as he lifted her towel and crudely penetrated her with his thumb.  
Since her arrival, Magdalene had been taking a crash course in Advanced Bum-Sucking
  at Lickspittle U under the stern tutelage of the Father Carlos and his fiendish
  brethren. She had proved an apt pupil once she learned that her younger sister
  was made to scream high and hard whenever Magdalene, a buxom beauty, failed
  to please. At age 21, Magdelene was prime pussy and the pick of the litter.
  Her sister, Esmerelda, had the great good fortune to return from visiting relatives
  abroad shortly after the inquisition had taken charge of her family. A slim,
  delicate, fair-haired beauty of 18, she had caved in instantly to all demands,
  spending her days on her knees in the confession booth, servicing the priests
  as they listened to the mind-numbingly boring confessions of the hard-working
  peasants ("I have coveted my neighbour's outhouse, Father.").  
The male taste of the age preferred the full-figured good looks of Magdalene
  to the delicate wispy beauty of Esmerelda so Esmerelda put in a brief, shaky
  appearance at the dungeon each morning, naked and spread-eagled in mid-air,
  while lovely Magdalene's behaviour on the previous day was examined for flaws.  
On bad days, the leather strap would crack down hard and Esmerelda would
  plead hysterically with a deeply guilt-ridden Magdalene to put in a better
  performance. Then she was hustled off to the dark confessional booth to suck
  down more holy sperm and Magdalena went back to exhibiting herself shamelessly,
  smiling prettily while her naked beauty was pawed and groped crudely, opening
  her holes for the boys, licking genitals and giving handjobs and humjobs to
  all the deeply pious priests who laboured mightily at God's work, fighting
  Satan and his evil minions. As long as Magdalene kept all her customers cumming
  copiously, Esmerelda just got stripped and spread-eagled each morning for all
  to see. If the ever-popular, heartbreakingly beautiful Magdalene failed to
  satisfy every single jaded pervert that came (or worse, failed to cum) her
  way, Esmerelda got to scream out her shrill pleadings while the strap licked
  between her parted thighs, kissing her quivering quim with loud smacks.  
Father Carlos pulled his thumb out of Magdalene's tight warm fuck hole.  
"Magdalene's a very naughty girl, aren't you, my sweet?"  
Magdalene produced her most shit-eating grin as she simpered, batting her
  long eyelashes coyly. The professors at Lickspittle U. had taught her to be
  a good actress. Her little girl voice was pure bimbo.  
"Yes, Father, I'm a naughty little trollop! All I can think about is sex,
  sex, sex! Can you grant me absolution?"  
Father Carlos was generous.  
"Certainly, my child. Just hum ten Hail Mary's while you're giving your next
  knob job and all will be forgiven!"  
An ear-splitting scream drew their attention and they all listened to Grand
  Duchess Isabella's hoarse frantic confessions. Her strained, cracking voice
  carried loud and clear as she told everyone within earshot about swallowing
  the Devil's sperm and, after oral sex with the Archfiend, spewing out his Vomit
  Children spawn, who promptly scampered out to the fields, making the cattle
  sicken and die. Since this Vomit Children story seemed suspiciously similar
  to the Shit Children story, her inquisitors were rightly sceptical, demanding
  a more interesting fabrication to entertain themselves and the masses with.  
They listened to her plead with increasing intensity as the Master Inquisitor
  picked carefully with long handled iron tongs amongst a brazier filled with
  glowing coals, selecting just the right one for his purpose. They listened
  to her gasp and offer a veritable cornucopia of obscene delights as brawny
  hands prised apart her smoothly rounded, creamy white ass globes, presenting
  her rectum. Her hysteria increased exponentially as the glowing coal was slowly
  raised between her legs. The pitch and speed of her babbling rose dramatically
  as her thighs and buttocks felt the heat of the glowing coal, her frantic voice
  making less and less sense. Her shriek of raw pain echoed hauntingly down the
  long stone tunnels under the castle, causing all the prisoners to quake in
  deep dread, as the coal was touched to her rectum briefly. This was going to
  turn the gang-bang party that Her Ladyship was hosting later into a truly agonising
  experience, not to mention the Royal Excreting Ceremony.  
She sobbed in broken gratitude as the pear was screwed shut and pulled out
  of her. Father Carlos guided Maria further into the bowels of the Castle as
  the Torturers swarmed eagerly around Isabella's nude sweating form, glistening
  in the torchlight, and undid the stocks from Isabella's slim ankles so that
  she could take on all cummers in her bruised, burning holes.  
Maria was pushed into a small stone alcove recessed into the wall of the
  passageway. Shackles hung from iron chains bolted to the stone wall.  
"Remove your clothes!"  
Maria licked her lips nervously as she gave a frightened look around the
  circle of cruel, lustful male faces surrounding her. Father Carlos was stern.
  Like Lord Escobar, he understood the importance of forcing a female to strip
  for action, co-operating fully in her own humiliation and degradation.  
"Do you wish to defy the Holy Inquisition and incur our wrath? You've seen
  a small sample of what we can do to an uncooperative female."  
Maria hurriedly began to strip. She handed her fine dress to Father Carlos
  and removed her petticoats. She stepped out of her beautiful, hand tooled leather
  shoes. She hesitated when it came to removing her fine linen underwear.  
Father Carlos tapped his foot impatiently. The hooded monsters surrounding
  her moved a threatening step forward and Maria's fingers flew.  
Her wrists were chained high over her head high to the wall of the alcove.
  Her shapely legs were spread and shackled in position so that her nude body
  and exposed genitals were available to the groping hands, questing fingers
  and dripping members of anyone passing in the corridor. A sharp spike projecting
  out from the stone wall towards the small of her back encouraged her to arch
  her hips forward, lewdly presenting herself to any passing pervert.  
The Satanic fiends of the Inquisition welcomed her to their dark domain,
  running their hard hands over her sensitive skin, feeling her up all over,
  stroking her cuntlips, parting them and finger-fucking her.  
They sniffed at her crotch like dogs, smelling her terror.  
They licked her sweaty face and chewed on her nipples, tasting her fear.  
They whispered crudities in her ears, opening her hitherto innocent mind
  to depraved possibilities and the ghastly consequences of a failure to please.  
Her breasts were pawed roughly, squeezed and twisted, her blood red nipples
  tweaked and pinched.  
Hands ran over her smooth bare belly and fondled her bum. Fingers pressed
  insistently against her rectum and wormed their way in.  
By the time the first rapist entered her, pretty Maria was trembling like
  a leaf.  
It was shortly afterwards that Lord Escobar arrived to guide Isabella through
  the derisively named Royal Excreting Ceremony. This was a daily humiliation
  forced on her at the instigation of Lord Escobar, eager to strip this spurning,
  scorning female of every last vestige of dignity and self-respect. She was
  red-faced and dripping with sweat as every day he forced her through this degrading
  little exercise in front of a crowd of mocking men.  
Lord Escobar timed it so that the pink-faced beauty reluctantly performed
  the Royal Excreting Ceremony at the changing of the guard to maximize the audience
  for her shaming.  
Having been coaxed through this repeatedly, Isabella understood what was
  required of her. She bent over and gripped her ankles, pleading despairingly
  for mercy in light of her scorched rectum. None was shown.  
She grunted, scarlet faced, as Lord Escobar rammed in the enema probe. She
  sobbed, sweat dripping from her nipples, as he flooded her bowels to near bursting.  
He trotted her over to the chamber pot where she squatted with pathetic eagerness.
  In the past, she had tried several methods of coping with this ignominious
  exercise in mortification. At first, she had resisted the inevitable while
  the guards sniggered and jeered. That had merely prolonged the moment, so this
  time she suddenly changed to straining mightily to get it over with as quickly
  as possible, spraying the liquid feculence so hard that it slopped out of the
  chamber pot.  
Lord Escobar intervened with his horsewhip. He roared at the squatting Duchess.  
"I will not tolerate this insolence! You will lick up what you have so carelessly
  soiled the floor with!"  
His whip snapped angrily across both her nipples. Isabella yelped and covered
  her burning whip-kissed breasts with both hands. She rolled naked on the floor,
  huddling into a foetal position, trying futilely to protect herself as the
  whip licked wickedly between her legs. Lord Escobar's whip snaked around her,
  viciously slicing into the most sensitive parts of the female anatomy. Thin
  red lines of blood criss-crossed her pale skin. Sobbing hysterically, each
  snap of the whip producing incandescent agony, Isabella pleaded desperately
  to be allowed to lick up her mess.  
At last granting her wish, Lord Escobar proved to be a demanding supervisor,
  acting as Quality Control, pointing out small bits that she had missed, her
  pretty pink tongue licking the cold stone floor while his horsewhip cracking
  threateningly. Powerfully motivated to perform, Isabella quaked with each fierce
  crack of the whip, starting violently.  
The floor tasted of shit, piss, gritty dirt, blood and vomit, but licking
  it up sure beat having her genitals sliced open by a horsewhip.  
After that, Lord Escobar briskly instituted a new regime. He flooded Isabella's
  bowels once more, filling her intestines almost to bursting. Then he coached
  her through a slow, carefully controlled evacuation. As instructed, the Grand
  Duchess squatted with her hands clasped behind her head.  
"Elbows back. Legs spread wide."  
 Frantic to please, she pulled back her elbows to lift her breasts and spread
  her thighs wide, exposing herself fully to the roomful of sniggering, sneering
  guards. She struggled to open and shut her rectum at Lord Escobar's command
  like a trained animal.  
"Excrete, bitch!"  
Gratefully, Isabella opened the floodgates, straining to mitigate the flow
  so that it would all go in the pot. Almost instantly the next command was barked
  out.  
"Stop!"  
Desperation showed on her pretty face as she tried frantically to staunch
  the flow. The exhausted, beaten babe struggled hard to stop it as the roomful
  of guards laughed derisively. Lord Escobar cracked his whip. The flow stopped
  instantly.  
"You'll have to do better than that, bitch."  
"Yes, milord! I'm sorry, milord!"  
He once more loaded her bowels to near bursting, repeating the process over
  and over until the Duchess had the concept of the butt clench down perfectly,
  although the exhausted beauty's execution of it was found to be sadly lacking.
  After repeated failures, Lord Escobar indulgently patted the thoroughly humiliated
  woman on the head.  
"That's enough for today. We'll give you another chance to do the shit squat
  in front of everyone tomorrow."  
Isabella blubbered brokenly as she was led off, foolishly believing that
  all she had to do was accept it and agree to everything.  
Sadly for Isabella, a bitch's work is never done. A complete confession takes
  time and the most painstaking attention to detail. The once-haughty beauty
  would be ground hard and grilled thoroughly by shift after shift of pitiless
  inquisitors. Each, in his own charming way, would encourage her to admit to
  the most disgusting and utterly depraved acts, all to be dutifully relayed
  to the deeply horrified King.  
Some coaching would be required, because Her Ladyship had never imagined
  such things possible. However, education is a wonderful thing and the Grand
  Duchess would be a frantic-to-please pupil as she screamed her way hysterically
  through her lessons.  
But I'm getting ahead of myself. Isabella has much to look forward to, but
  in the meantime, there is the small matter of her court and servants&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





