BDSM Library - Making Alice Over




Making Alice Over
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How I turned my assistant into my dream doll / lover.Making Alice Over   
She wasn't beautiful but pretty, nice figure, B cup breasts, legs that would
  really be looking good in something else than her 2' blocky heels. Her really
  strong point where her hair, read like fire, curly and down to the shoulder
  long. But she really should learn how to dress, the pants and a turtleneck
  would have to go. But this was all for the future, right now Alice was standing
  before me looking for a job. She replied to my ad for a personal assistant,
  with her qualifications she barely had hopes of getting the position that included
  a room and board. From her story I gathered that she finished college two years
  ago and was on the look out for a steady job since then with no luck. Most
  of that time she worked as a secretary at various enterprises and was getting
  desperate. She was all alone on the world, brought up in an orphanage without
  friends or a lover. At the beginning I thought that I wouldn't hire her as
  the one before her was better suited for the position but her lack of commitments
  meant that meaby she would be a good specimen to try my long dream on. It was
  a long term project but with careful coaching I'd be able to bring her around
  to my tastes. So I gave her the job.  
***  
Two months later she was making a good impression and settled comfortably
  into her routine, since I was going for a two week business trip and meant
  to take her with me I decided to start with the program. I called her to me
  and said that since I'd be moving in high business circles and thus she with
  me a certain standard of clothing was expected. I'd provide the stuff she lacks
  for the trip and from now on will pay her a allowance for clothing monthly
  of 500 $, this was on the low side for the clothing I expected for her but
  it would force her to wear the ones I provided more often. I took her to an
  upscale store where I bought her four business suits with skirts to the knee,
  pretty tight that would restrict her stride to no more than two feet. Then
  we visited a lingerie shop where I bought some stuff for myself, and stockings
  plus garters for her. Next where shoes with a three-inch heel, those included
  not only pairs matching the suits but also mules for home use. This, and the
  fact that I'd expect her to maintain the achieved look around home, I explained
  so that I wanted her to always look her best since form now on I'd start to
  bring my business partners home and she was to be attending the meetings.  
***  
The trip went well and she seemed to enjoy the new look I created. I worked
  diligently at making her first my friend, which was not difficult when I think
  of her empty life. But always when working I'd be were strict to show her a
  limit. She opened like a flower hungry for rain to my reaching out to her.
  At this time I found out she was a lesbian or at least bisexual. I don't think
  she herself knew but I saw the signs. She leaned to close to me, and sometimes
  when she forgot herself she would cares my hand. I encouraged this and replier
  in kind. I took tree months for us to land in bed. As with everything I took
  the leading position there but paid great attention to her pleasure. After
  that I increased her emotional dependence on me so that she fell in love with
  me. It was time to move to a higher level, I decided that she'd have to wear
  four-inch heels from no on, and introduced her to corsetry. At the beginning
  I brought down her waist from 29 to 26 inches but the corset had a 2-inch gap
  for the future. I eased up her workload helping her and steering her away from
  working for me to loving, living, and dressing for me.  
***  
Over the next 6 months I gradually got her down to 22 inches, the hells went
  up to 6, the skirts got tighter allowing only 1,5 feet, which went together
  with the higher heels. Alice was head over heels in love with me, and I didn't
  remain untouched by it. I developed strong feelings of protection towards her,
  assuring her that I'd do anything to protect her from the pain of being alone.
  To signify her belonging to me I let her wear a 1 inch wide collar around her
  neck, which looked more like a necklace, so that she wouldn't get upset. Also
  I said that gloves arouse me, so she started wearing satin ones, for the beginning
  wrist long. All that time I didn't let her cut her hair and it has grown from
  it previous shoulder length to midback. I so love the sight and feel of long
  hair. At this time I introduced her to the ritual of a daily enema, applied
  always in the morning, and since the corset made her eat less and less it was
  sufficient that she didn't need to go until the next morning.  
***  
Time went by, the corset kept getting tighter and tighter up to 16 inches,
  the gloves reached the shoulder and leather ones replaced the satin ones, their
  tightness was so great that Alice has trouble gripping things. She wore now
  only laced up boots up to the knee with 7-inch heels, the skirts got down to
  her ankles and her step was down to 10 inches. The collar stopped pretending
  to be a necklace and winded to 2 inches. For some time now Alice was taken
  care for by a dedicated maid, who dressed her, took care of her needs in the
  morning. By this time the clothes made it difficult for her to take a piss,
  it was simply taking to long to put the skirt, or dress up and sit her down,
  this was taken care of by inserting a catcher, with and attached outlet long
  enough to reach her ankles, this was fastened to the inside of the skirt and
  was used to empty her at noon. Naturally she still took the natural way in
  the morning and evening. Her hair reached her ass. For some time now I was
  busy nursing her breasts when we where lying late in bed. She in her night
  corset, tight and demanding, her sleeping ballet boots, gloves which drove
  me wild, when she was trying to caress me. My lips on her nipples where driving
  her wild, but my efforts brought what I was looking for. She started to lactate.
  I was wild for it. Sometimes at day I would unclip the front of her dress,
  unclip her bra, and suck on her delicious breasts so invitingly held high for
  me be her tight corset. By the was her bust increased in size due to corseting
  up to C cup, but I wanted more. I got my doctor to pay us a visit, she gave
  Alice a thought check up and pronounced her fit if lacking in exercise, then
  Alice nagged earlier by me into the direction asked her how she could increase
  her bust without restoring to surgery. I didn't want something fake; I wanted
  live big breasts full of milk for me, so the doc started her on hormones.  
***  
 Six months later a twist of events helped me in an enormous way. Alice's
  appendix had to be removed. I took the opportunity to rearrange, with the help
  of a friend surgeon and a big check, her internal organs to make further reducing
  of her wais simpler. She was currently down to 15 inches on a permanent basis
  and could do 14 for limited time. I had her colon cut by a third, one of her
  kidneys and a piece of her digestive tract removed. She recuperated for over
  a month after this before we started the corseting regime in earnest again.
  For her to stay in shape I had her maid walk her in the garden surrounding
  the house. First she held her by the hand but after some time I introduced
  the leash. She wore a 3-inch wide collar for some time now but I had to work
  on Alice for a long time to accept the leash. She liked to be lead around the
  house, brought to me like a pet; she loved it when I lead her around. Seeing
  such acceptance I started her on facemasks. I asked her to put a full facemask
  for some time, as a bit of foreplay.  
***  
 Now she is beautiful, it took me over five years of careful manipulation
  but I won her over for me. She loves me now and I love her. I think that in
  all the restrains she is finding some form of liberation, she new that I love
  her and will always care for her, she accepts all her clothing as a token of
  my love for her and hers for me. She makes a stunning picture. From the bottom
  up she wears leather ballet boots laced up to the thigh. They are connected
  at the ankles by an 8-inch chain for stride impedance. Corset garters hold
  her stockings up. The corset itself is made of stiffly boned leather with quarter
  cups to hold up her 40D breasts, full of milk exclusive for me. A lace-nursing
  bra encases them for the times I'd like to suck her riches around the day.
  Thanks to the surgery she can lace down to 13 inches on a permanent basis,
  and for festivities she manages 12 for up to six hours. On her arms she wears
  shoulder long leather gloves buttoned up from the wrist for greater tightness.
  Her head is held proudly high and unmovable due to the full neck corset / posture
  collar. Over all this she wears a tight dress, buttoned up the back from the
  feet to the neck. It has short sleeves which fit tightly over the gloves around
  the shoulder, the dress collar fits similarly over the leather neck corset
  / posture collar. It is so tight that even without the ankle chain she would
  find it impossible to make longer steps. The dress has a moderate cut out in
  front so that her full breasts are on display and I have just to unbutton it
  a bit to show the bra and gain access to them. A latex mask covers her face
  with little pinholes for the eyes. If she wouldn't be lead around by the leash
  she couldn't see enough to find her way alone. Her crowning glory is her hair,
  they had grown down to her knees and I love the way they set of her figure.
  Each night as she lies by my side in her sleeping corset, boots, gloves, neck
  corset and sometimes mask, I drive her wild using my tongue, and she drives
  me wild simply looking as she looks now. She is my Alice, my creation, and
  my love.  
End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sawa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





