BDSM Library - The Box




The Box
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The first part of a trilogy consisting of The Box, The Box Part Two - Persephone's Revenge and Retribution this focuses on the lives of the people connected to The Box and in particular Bill and Sheila, who receive it as a mysterious gift and Ally, the boxes occupant. This is much lighter than the other two stories and it is told in the third person rather than the first but it sets the scene for what follows.THE BOX   
   
I must acknowledge Mike Vickers, whose "Total
      Rubber Occlusion" set this whole thing in motion and also The House of
      Gord for never ceasing to give me ideas&hellip;.   
   
   
A bright sunny morning.  
She wanted coffee and croissants.  
He asked if she were pregnant.  
She slapped him.  
It was a normal Saturday.  
He eased himself through the door balancing the cardboard platter in one
  hand. A ray of sunlight filled with dust motes nearly blinded him, but he stumbled
  onward and through the door to the front room where he stopped as if shot.  
She was barefoot but otherwise fully dressed for a change. Faded blue jeans
  fitted her legs and bottom perfectly. A short black top showing more than a
  little midriff completed her attire; he looked at her and the immediate area
  around her with more than a little surprise.  
"I thought you were taking that back&hellip;. what the bloody hell is THAT?"  
She was pacing around the room like a caged animal, her eyes focussed all
  the while on the black, square, object in the centre. She answered the questions
  in the order they were asked.  
"Don't you like it? It's a box."  
It was time for a sigh, even though it was only nine thirty. 
"I didn't say that. YOU said it looked too young and yes, I know it's a box.
It's got box written all over it."   
"No it hasn't! It's got FRAGILE in big red letters written all over it!"  
She did have a literal mind sometimes, but only when the possession of same
  was likely to irritate him. He set the coffee and croissants down carefully
  on the top of the box and looked at her as calmly as he could.  
" I know what it says and I know what it is, but why is it here and what
  exactly is in it?" Slowly and carefully as if to a child who wasn't really
  listening, then suddenly suspicious, " Have you been ordering things again?
  We've still got three hundredweight of vet wrap in the cupboard, thanks to
  you!"  
She tutted and then she raised her head. He found himself looking into small
  dark pupils. Dark and intense.  
"It's heavy. It's very heavy!"  
"Is it ours?"  
"Of course it's bloody ours, it's got our address on it!"  
"Well I didn't order anything&hellip;"  
 She was looking at him again and she realised the implication.  
" &hellip;and neither did I!" She didn't actually say, "so there!" but it
  was implied.  
She was still looking at him. There was something in her eyes. Something
  that he very seldom saw and therefore didn't readily recognise.  
Was it fear?  
She walked around the box until she was standing close to him. So close that
  he could smell her, a smell that was always somehow intoxicating. She had washed
  her hair but that was all. She wore no perfume, but her smell was there, warm
  and inviting as always but mixed right now with something else.  
He opened his mouth to speak but she shushed him with a finger to her lips.
  She moved closer and whispered in his ear, causing him to shiver.  
"There are holes all around it. Listen!"  
He did as he was told. It was a warm day and the flat was quiet. There were
  no central heating noises to obscure any sounds. As his ears became accustomed
  to the silence there was a definite pulsating noise coming, apparently, from
  the bottom of the box and there was also something else.  
A regular sound.  
Not a hiss but surely something slightly sibilant.  
Regular and quite slow.  
In and out.  
Slightly mechanical as if aided somehow.  
Slow and deep.  
In and out.  
In and out.  
He looked at her in amazement.  
She simply stared back at him. Her pupils now big and round. It wasn't fear
  in her eyes he realised now, but something he had seen much more often and
  had misinterpreted.  
For some reason he felt the need to whisper.  
"Can't be!"  
She touched his hand briefly and then moved back toward the box.  
"It is. It is! I've heard it too many times before!"  
He looked at her quizzically for a moment and then it dawned on him.  
Sensory deprivation.  
All the times she had been blindfolded and her ears plugged.  
 Bound and gagged.  
Unable to move.  
Her senses on hold.  
She touched the box briefly. Almost a caress. And then she squatted down
  on her haunches and looked up at him.  
" It's like the noise you hear in your own ears. Only the heartbeat's missing.
  Bloody hell, you of all people should have recognised it. You've heard me often
  enough!" she paused for a moment and put her head against the wooden side of
  the large, black painted box. Then she looked up again, " Bill, there's someone
  in this box and we've got to get them out of it!"  
*  
Once Sheila had set her mind to something she never gave up. Someone had
  once described her as "a little terrier". He personally thought that "great
  big Rottweiller" would have been a more adequate description but as he watched
  her now he couldn't put the image of a small Jack Russell worrying at a bone
  out of his mind.  
And all the time she was whistling something, fairly tunelessly, through
  her teeth. Many people contended that women couldn't whistle, but this one
  could and it was only after several minutes that he realised what she was whistling.
  In fact when he returned, as ordered, with the pliers in his hand, the whistling
  had turned to song.  
Breathy and indistinct, but song nonetheless.  
"I ache for the touch of your lips dear,  
But much more for the touch of your whips, dear&hellip;"  
"The Masochism Tango" by Tom Lehrer. Something he had introduced her to by
  pure accident, or rather, something that he had downloaded because it was no
  longer available on the High Street and that she had stumbled across one evening.  
Nearly fifty years old and yet as fresh and exquisitely silly as the day
  it was written, it had subsequently been played so many times since that he
  had begun to fear for his sanity.  
Suddenly he felt eyes on him. He came out of his reverie and moved his head
  slowly in her direction. She was standing stock-still. Bare feet apart, hands
  on hips. Then one hand began to move slowly forward until it was outstretched
  in front of him.  
"Pliers?"  
He shook his head as if to clear it. He couldn't see but he was quite sure
  she was tapping her foot.  
"Oh yeah. Sure! Pliers!" He slapped them into her hand as if giving them
  to a surgeon.  
"Are you actually going to help or do you intend to stand there like a great
  gormless Pratt for the rest of the morning?"  
"Er, too many cooks! I didn't want to get in your way." Which was true, but
  he made a mental note of the insult in his own personal demerit book. He moved
  closer to the side of the box and to her. The breathing sounded much louder
  now.  
"Okay, what do you want me to do?"  
She bent over to pick up a large screwdriver.  
"I want you to stick that in there." He looked at the rear end only a few
  tantalising inches away from him.  
"What now? I thought you wanted to get the box open!" It only took a second
  for her to turn round, still bent over, and head butt him in the stomach, but
  it took him several minutes to regain his composure.  
*  
After a quarter of an hour of hard and fairly useless labour they were both
  sweating. The breathing noise had changed in tone. It seemed quicker now and
  somehow more urgent, whilst the box seemed relentlessly impenetrable. The top
  was smooth and it was nailed in place, the nails fitting into bevels like screws
  and impervious to pliers. Trying to pry it open with the screwdriver had proved
  a disaster and had left him with a cut hand and her with a torn top. He tried
  to tell her that a plaster would have been fine but the only answer he got
  was,"Fuck off, shut up and let me wrap this round your hand!"  
From her crouched position she now looked up at him.  
"Will you stop bloody panting for a minute and let me listen?" She put her
  ear to the side of the big wooden box that was the size and shape of a tea
  chest and listened intently.  
"It's a lot quicker. Do you think they're running out of air?"  
He crouched down beside her.  
"Shouldn't think so, there's plenty of air holes and that other noise sounds
  to me like it could be a fan of some sort."  
"Yeah, well you could be using up all the air with that heavy breathing of
  yours!"  
"You don't usually complain!"  
"Well I'm not usually trying to open a frigging box with only a bent screwdriver
  and Guy the Bloody Gorilla to help me am I?" She put her face close to the
  box, laid her palms flat on the surface and closed her eyes as if trying to
  read it psychically. When she reopened them and looked at him her face was
  a mask of concern.  
"We've got to get her out of there Bill. We've got to!" He looked at her
  puzzled.  
"How do you know it's a girl?"  
" I just know! She can't stay in there forever and we're just making things
  worse!"  
She looked down at her torn top and his bandaged hand. Blood from the cut
  was already beginning to seep through the wrapping. He in turn looked at her,
  at the woebegone expression on her face and then at the box and made his decision.  
"Okay." He said and strode purposefully out of the room. He didn't see her
  grasp both hands together and place them tightly against her cheek.  
"Oh I love it when you're strong and silent!" She batted her eyelids seductively.
  The room was quiet again but the sound of breathing seemed to fill the void
  left by him. The only other sound was that of the word "bollocks" being said
  quietly and through clenched teeth from somewhere in the hall.  
*  
Her eyes opened wide with astonishment when he returned to the room.  
"What's this? The Texas Circular Saw Massacre?"  
It had been his Father's and he had never used it before - but there was
  a time and a place for everything.  
"Got any better ideas?"  
"The idea is to get her out of there - not cut her bloody head off!"  
He put the electric saw down on the leather sofa and took her hand.  
"I have no intention of cutting her head off. I'm just going to cut through
  the lid at the four corners which ought to release it enough to let us get
  the screwdriver underneath it fully and get some proper leverage on it..." He
  looked down at his hand, which was beginning to throb painfully, "...Okay?"  
She looked at him sceptically.  
"Be careful!"  
"It's all right, I definitely don't intend to do myself any MORE damage today!"  
She tutted.  
"Not you, numb nuts! HER!"  
He shook his head a little to clear it of pain and Sheila and then he moved
  over to the sofa, picked up the saw's plug and began looking for the nearest
  socket. Sheila meanwhile had dropped to her knees again and had adopted what
  appeared to be an attitude of prayer. Fascinated, he plugged the saw in and
  crept quietly behind her.  
" &hellip;and I want you to stay right in the middle. Do you understand?
  Stay right in the middle. Now in a little while you're going to hear some noise
  - don't be frightened, it'll seem loud but we're doing it to get you out of
  there. Just stay in the middle of the box and stay still&hellip;" He touched
  her lightly on the shoulder.  
"Do you really think they, er, SHE, can hear you?"  
She looked up at him earnestly.  
"YES. Yes I do. I always hear YOU.."  
He winced at the still quite painful memory of the time he had mummified
  her, at her own request and, with great care and attention, proceeded to blindfold
  her, gag her, plug her ears and place tubes in her nostrils to restrict her
  breathing only to have her hear every word he had said to her whilst apparently
  oblivious to everything.  
He thought for a moment.  
"Mmm, but that's different, you've never been looked in a box with no obvious
  way of getting out."  
She looked at him sharply.  
There was something in his tone.  
Something vaguely wistful that suggested that it would, somehow, be a good
  idea, but before she could say anything he had moved back to the couch, hefted
  up the circular saw and placed it on the nearest corner of the box that had
  become their nemesis.  
Before switching on he took a final look at her, but she was communing once
  more with the box's inhabitant. The sun had gone in and one of the frequent
  squally showers that had been around for the last few days was beating against
  the windows. The light seemed to fade as he watched, causing even Sheila to
  look up and then dart towards the light switch but she never made it because
  as she straightened he switched on the power just as the clock struck eleven
  and the box suddenly and for no apparent reason came abruptly to life.  
It began with a whirring noise, like a small but powerful electric motor
  and then the seemingly impenetrable lid began to move sideways.  
"Shit!"  
He stood immobile, the lid still sliding forward and the saw buzzing powerlessly
  away in his hand. Sheila seemed to be drawn towards the box.  
"Turn that bloody thing off!"  
He did as he was told and then dropped the saw harmlessly onto the couch.  
It was obvious now that the nails in the lid and the lid itself were no more
  than dummies because, as it finally slid as far as it would go to the right,
  it revealed a second lid that was really two halves of good quality sanded
  and bevelled wood. For a few seconds neither of them moved and then he saw
  it. Wispy at first but becoming rapidly thicker.  
Smoke was beginning to rise from the body of the box, but it quickly became
  apparent that it wasn't the smoke produced by burning material because it smelt
  sweet and cloying and it was rapidly filling the room.  
Sheila was edging closer and closer as if hypnotised and
  drawn toward the box by some kind of spell and the second lid was beginning
  to open, both halves raising themselves upwards like Tower Bridge and more
  and more smoke was pumping out and into the small lounge.  
Afraid of what might happen next, he lunged forward and grabbed her around
  the waist. She whirled round on him as if assaulted  
"What the fuck are you doing?" Her eyes were wide with anger.  
"You don't know what's in there!" The smoke was thicker now. So thick that
  they could no longer see the walls of the room.  
"What are you expecting? A bloody alien or something?"  
There was a hissing sound. It was coming from the box. He tried to push her
  away. To put her behind him so that he could look inside but Sheila wasn't
  easily sidelined. She struggled away from him.  
"Fuck off! I said fuck off! You can't protect me all your bloody life, now
  let go!"  
Reluctantly he eased his grip on her and she shouldered herself forward and
  to the edge of the black box. He followed, not wanting to lose sight of her
  in the smoke. She was leaning over and peering inside when he caught up with
  her. She stifled a gasp.  
"What the&hellip;..?"  
He looked inside. The box was still hissing and it seemed to have a lining.
  A black shiny lining. A back shiny lining with a strong, all pervading smell.
  Glistening as if it had been coated with something. Something clear and shiny.
  Almost like mucous, but the black lining was still receding as if it had previously
  been filled with something and it continued to hiss.  
She reached forward and touched the shiny substance. They were in a totally
  unreal world now. Surrounded by nothing but smoke. Cut off from reality. She
  recoiled.  
"Yeucch!"  
He reached out and touched it as well and his spine juddered. It was cold
  and slimy, the way you would expect a snake to feel and it was still moving
  back and then finally it dawned on him. The texture, the hissing noise, the
  smell&hellip;  
"Air bags! They're air bags like in a car. Black rubber air bags. If there
  IS anyone inside there they'd be held rigid&hellip;."  
She glanced up at him and this time he recognised the look in her eyes.  
"Wouldn't be able to move?'  
"Nope! Absolutely immobile. Held in place by the pressure of the bags."  
Her eyes brightened and then dimmed. She touched the slippery, shiny lining
  again and her voice was little more than a whisper.  
"What about this?"  
He shook his head.  
"Don't know&hellip;"  
The hissing had ceased now, only to be replaced by another noise. A faint
  hum. The smoke was now so dense that he wondered if it would set off the alarm
  in the kitchen. He turned because normally he would have been able to see whether
  the door was open or closed but all he could see now was thick white smoke.  
"Bill!" Her voice was low and quiet. "Bill look!"  
It felt as if his head snapped back into position. She touched his hand and
  held onto it. He closed his own around hers. There was movement inside the
  box. Something was beginning to rise from out of its padded confines. Something
  dark and rounded. Something shiny and glistening. Something alive because its
  breathing could now be heard very clearly, rasping back and forth, in and out,
  slowly and deeply, resounding from corner to corner of the smoke filled room
  and adding greatly to the air of unreality.  
Sheila was standing next to him, her hand still in his, unable to take her
  eyes from the glistening creature that was emerging, like a monstrous butterfly,
  from its cocoon.  
"What the fuck is it?"  
He shook his head.  
"Don't know!"  
It was black. Black and shiny like the inside of the box. It was human. Or
  at least it had a human shape. It had arms but they were somehow pinioned to
  its sides. It had legs. Black and shiny legs that seemed incapable of parting.
  The torso was slim and shapely and recognisably feminine. Small pert breasts
  and nipples that were plainly visible and obviously erect. But the head&hellip;  
The head was not of this world.  
It was huge shiny and bulbous. Black and featureless. Rotund and glistening.
  The strong but somehow comforting smell of rubber seemed to permeate the entire
  room.  
There was something else too...  
Sheila was already moving around the box. Studying the creature from every
  angle while he watched for signs of movement, or anything which might mean
  danger, but the creature seemed thankfully inert at the moment. Sheila waved
  a hand in front of her face to clear smoke away and then she stopped as if
  frozen to the spot, her voice no more than a whisper.  
"Bill, come here and look at this&hellip;"  
He was still watching the gleaming creature that seemed only an inch or so
  shorter than himself.  
"What is it?" He asked absentmindedly, but there was no reply. Sheila was
  no longer visible in the smoke and, suddenly panicked, he called her name and
  started forward only to bump into something in what was now a whiteout. He
  recoiled but he felt something clawing at him from the side and in self-defence
  he threw out a hand.  
"It's me you Pratt!"  
He stopped instantly.  
"What's wrong?"  
"What's wrong? That's what's wrong!" His eyes followed her hand. "She's got
  a tail Bill. She's got a fucking tail!"  
*  
Coal black and glistening the creature stood in front of them unmoving, seemingly
  oblivious to their presence. It reminded him, to some degree, of the pictures
  of Hans Rudi Giger, the man whose designs were used to create the original "Alien".
  Just one thing was missing - a face.  
Sheila had been right about the tail but closer examination proved it to
  be more of an umbilical cord than anything else.  
An umbilical cord that horrified Sheila.  
"And you're telling me that it goes up her Garry?" Smoke was still issuing
  from the bottom of the box and she tried to blow some away that was wisping
  across her face.  
"Her WHAT?"  
"Her Garry. Her Garry Glitter! It's rhyming slang, Linda uses it all the
  time!"  
"Rhyming slang? What for? Paedophile?"  
"No, you great ponce! Garry Glitter - shitter. Poo chute, ring piece, jacksie,
  tradesman's entrance, anus, BUM!"  
He nodded slowly.  
"Ah! Well yes, yes it does and while it looks like a tail it's probably wired
  up to a pair of vibrators that are currently lodged in&hellip;"  
"&hellip;her arsehole and her fanny?"  
"Yes again. Unless you're American of course."  
She peered at him through the murk at the same time running her hands gently
  up and down the "tail".  
"Why?" She asked, innocent as a four year old.  
"Well to the Americans a fanny IS an&hellip;er..."  
"Arsehole?"  
"Precisely! Whereas to us it's a&hellip;"  
"Cunt?"  
He sighed.  
"Your language&hellip;"  
But she cut him off in mid-sentence.  
"Fuck my language!" She looked at the tail reflectively, still caressing
  it gently. "Doesn't seem to be much going on at the moment."  
"No there doesn't, but you know that humming we heard earlier?" She nodded, "Well
  I think it was working then, but," And here he looked at the tail more closely, "I
  think it serves other functions as well."  
Sheila continued to stroke the umbilical while he did his best to explain.  
"I think it also carries the wires for a small TENS unit that's probably
  wired up to at least one of the vibrators." Sheila's eyes widened in amazement.  
"What? So she cums and gets shocked all at the same time?"  
He shook his head.  
"Probably not! I should think that the Vibrators are programmed to come on
  in short random bursts, as is the TENS unit&hellip;"  
She was ahead of him now  
"&hellip;so she gets shocked and fucked but never actually manages to&hellip;"  
"&hellip;orgasm! No. I don't suppose she does. It's like being held in a
  kind of exquisite agony."  
Her face was very close to his now.  
"Yes and I know all about that don't I?" The last time he had mummified her
  he had used a vibrator on her for a very long time but had never actually landed
  the coup de grace. He watched intently as she once more touched the umbilical
  that was keeping their reluctant visitor in thrall and decided that now was
  the time.  
"That tail's probably got another purpose as well," He began, barely able
  to suppress a smile.  
"Yeah? What's that?" Thick white smoke still hovered around them, getting
  no thicker but showing no signs of dispersing either.  
"Well, given the amount of preparation involved and the amount of travelling
  time, she's probably been in that box for a very long while, which would mean
  that at some point she would need to pee unless&hellip;"  
"Unless what?"  
"What did you used to do when you tied yourself up?"  
Her eyes flashed momentarily. It was still a sore point with them both, but
  it had been the reason they met. Noticing that her mail had not gone and not
  meeting her on the stairs on the way to work as usual had worried him and he
  had "broken in" to her flat using the spare key, only to be attacked by Bruce
  the cat and to find her bound and gagged by her own hand, dressed in a rubber
  cat suit and helpless on the couch.  
"You know what I did! I fasted and restricted my fluid intake for a day or
  so before&hellip;"  
"So you never used a catheter then?"  
"No I bloody didn't! That's almost as bad as an enema!"  
His smile was huge and expansive.  
"I think she's already had one of them!" Sheila's eyes grew even wider. " And
  I also think that the vibrator in her, er, front has probably been hollowed
  out to allow for a tube to pass through it and in turn allow her to, erm, make
  water."  
"You mean she's been catheterised?"  
 He grinned in triumph.  
"Yup! And that "tail" you're currently holding in your hand probably feels
  warm because it's conducting the waste away and into a receptacle in the bottom
  of the box."  
Sheila stood motionless for a few seconds regarding him blankly, and then
  she looked first at the creature and then at the "tail". When she did finally
  speak it was slow and halting.  
"So this &hellip;"THING" &hellip;is full of &hellip;"  
He nodded sagely.  
"&hellip;Urine!" He nodded for a third time and with a certain amount of
  satisfaction. It had taken him a long time to get her to say "urine".  
They stared at each other for what seemed to be an age.  
"&hellip;And I've been holding a tubeful of someone's PISS for the last 5
  minutes?" She said slowly and with exquisite distaste. Knowing that Sheila
  had a mental block where it came to matters scatological and not even noticing
  that she had lapsed again, he looked her in the eye and took a pace backward  
"Probably." He nodded for the fourth time.  
"YOU BASTARD! You utter bastard!" And she dropped the "tail" as if it were
  red hot.  
CHAPTER TWO  
Last week she had been called Allison. Ally to her friends. But now she had
  no name. No real identity. She existed to be sustained only by the box. She
  was vaguely aware of people around her. Of other entities encroaching on her
  consciousness but she could do nothing about them in her current state. Blind.
  Deaf. Dumb. Her movements severely restricted.  
 A slave to the box that provided her with air and comfort.  
 A slave.  
 A complete and utter slave.  
And with that slavery came immense and almost total freedom.  
*  
"Simpson, Dodd, Carpenter, good morning."  
"'Ello gel. How's it going?"  
"HIIIII! Good, thanks. How are you?"  
"Duckin' and divin' same as always! Listen, can you get any time off?"  
" I've got about a week's leave owing me&hellip;"  
"Good! Book it for two weeks time startin' the twenty fifth! Have you still
  got all those wigs?"  
"Hey! I've got this really cool long black one. Makes me look like Morticia
  out o' the Addams Family."  
"Good! You still planning to go back to Sydney for Christmas?"  
"Maybe not, money's tight right now."  
"Not now it ain't! J.D.Wetherspoon's in the Charing Cross Road. Know it?"  
"Sure. Used to be an old cinema."  
"That's the one! Meet me in there at half six. Oh, and you're gonna need
  those wigs Ally! Bye."  
"See ya at six thirty."  
She put down the phone with more than a half smile playing on her lips. She
  didn't need explanations right now. She had enough tantalising facts to keep
  her wondering throughout the day. Whatever it was, it wasn't normal and she
  loved the abnormal and the strange and she loved a challenge.  
 She loved to play.  
But the essence of play was trust and she knew that she could trust the person
  on the other end of the phone. Trust them implicitly. They had done too much
  together for her not to.  
*  
"D'you know this suit's absolutely skin tight? Not a wrinkle anywhere. Not
  like mine, it's starting to go at the knees!" She was studying their silent
  guest who stood before them now in the same position as she had been 15 minutes
  earlier. Like a child who had been told not to do something, Sheila couldn't
  help but touch the rubber mannequin.  
"D'you think she can feel this? Oh this suit's so soft!"  
"It's not a suit. Well most of it isn't anyway." He was standing behind her
  with a big grin on his face. She was the most tactile person he knew and she
  just had to touch things.  
 She couldn't keep her hands off this particular thing.  
"Well, what is it then, pillock brain?" All the while she was stroking and
  caressing. Touching the rubberised thighs and the latexed shoulders.  
His smile just grew wider.  
"Her skin. Her bare skin. Well, not bare exactly&hellip;"  
"WHAAAT?" Rather than pulling away as some people might have done, Sheila
  moved in closer.  
*  
Allison recognised two of the three people sitting in what had once been
  the circle of the Academy Cinema, but where there had once been darkness there
  was now light. There were glass panels in the roof to let the light in and
  dark sticky carpet had been replaced by polished pine. The tall woman waved,
  smiled as she got closer and gave her a sly wink. She pushed a pint glass in
  her direction.  
"Foster's all right?"  
"Great thanks." The shorter woman with the fluffy blonde hair didn't exactly
  come out of nowhere, but she wasn't normally the demonstrative type. Ally tended
  to spark emotion in people.  
"Hi! You look really great!"  
"So do you! Have you lost weight?"  
"No she bloody ain't!" Said a voice in the wilderness, but it went unheeded.
  They kissed each other on both cheeks, but it was a genuine display of affection,
  not an actor's greeting.  
When they were settled down the tall woman touched Ally's glass and said,  
"Right! Get some of that down your neck and say 'ello to Phil Bishop!" The
  pint remained undrunk as Ally looked up and more closely at the man who had
  probably made more court appearances than some of the Great Train Robbers.  
*  
It would be fair to say that Sheila was awestruck. She had examined the creature
  from every possible angle, she had squatted, she had crouched, she had even
  stood on a chair. She had felt inside the box, she had touched the umbilical
  cord once again, despite being aware of what it might, or might not contain,
  and she had touched the creature.  
The dumb unmoving creature.  
"I wonder what she's feeling right now. I mean, she's alive&hellip; she wouldn't
  be drugged would she? Or hypnotised?"  
He shook his head  
"And how did they get her to do this? Did they kidnap her?"  
He shook his head again, a little nonplussed by Sheila's gentle stroking
  of the creature's inner thigh.  
"I would imagine that she's in a fairly deep state of self induced meditation," He
  watched as Sheila's hand crept closer to the apex of her legs, "Though how
  long she's likely to keep it up with you around is highly debatable!" Sheila
  fixed him with a stare for a moment and then the confusion seemed to clear.  
"What? &hellip;Oh this!" And she smiled and turned her attention the mannequin's
  bottom. "It's not her you're worried about," She said, smoothing the soft rump, "It's
  you! You're getting a hard on aren't you?"  
He studied the tableau before him. The slim barefoot woman with the short
  boyish hair with a reddish tinge and the taller, obviously female creature,
  who stood, unmoving, next to her. Where Sheila wore jeans and a torn black
  top, the creature wore, or appeared to wear, nothing but rubber. Shiny black
  latex, that glistened in the late morning sunlight.  
From a distance a casual observer would have seen a jet black box still wreathed
  in white smoke with a weird semi human figure protruding from it clad in skin
  tight and shiny black latex. She was visible from just above the knees and
  from the time that the box had opened and she had risen slowly from it she
  had not moved or spoken.  
Closer inspection would reveal that she was not in fact wearing much latex
  at all - in the form of clothing.  
"What d'you mean?"  
"What I said! She's not wearing clothes - it's been painted on to her skin!
  What she's wearing is liquid latex!" Sheila could not help but touch once more.
  She touched the smooth, black flat stomach and felt it contract a little as
  she did so and then she moved her hand upward toward the small but perfect
  breasts. The perfect breasts, with the hard erect nipples, which she had to
  touch. She just had to. Gently at first, like a child stroking a dog for the
  first time, she reached out and touched the shiny surface with her fingertips
  and then she moved forward and cupped the left breast with her right hand.  
"It feels so soft&hellip; and so strange! But you're right. It's real skin
  isn't it? Living, breathing skin. And she's had this painted on her&hellip; But
  you can't do that, the skin has to breathe, she'd suffocate&hellip;"  
He had moved behind the mannequin, Sheila followed.  
'I'm not going to touch her, but if you look there," He pointed to the small
  of her back. "You'll see where flesh meets rubber&hellip;" She did as asked
  and saw that the rubber doll was wearing latex pants. Skin-tight latex pants
  into which incorporated her umbilical and all the other devices with which
  she had been fitted before she had been encapsulated in the box that was to
  become her home, or her prison, depending on point of view.  
Sheila raised a hand; he instinctively knew what she was going to do and
  sighed.  
"Can't you take my word, just for once?"  
She looked a little abashed  
"I believe you&hellip;"  
"I would guess that the liquid latex and the rubber pants have been sealed
  somehow and that if you try to pull them out to look for bare skin you could
  well ruin the whole thing. She doesn't seem to be in any discomfort and she
  must have been sent here for a reason&hellip;." Sheila looked at him sharply.  
"Yeah and not for you to bloody play with!"  
"Or you," He said mildly, "So stop it right now!"  
Everybody, even the most mature of people, have their childish moments from
  time to time.  
"Hard on! Hard on! You've got a hard on&hellip;" She stopped chanting and
  looked up at him abruptly, "You'd like ME like this wouldn't you..?"  
He knew it wasn't a good idea to look away from Sheila, so he didn't.  
"I don't think it would be possible to keep you quiet for that long&hellip;"  
She put her hands on her hips and thrust out her jaw.  
"Oh! So I'm not good enough&hellip;"  
He looked ceiling ward, praying all the time for help in understanding the
  female mind.  
*  
Phil Bishop had been something of a cause celebre in the fetish world. Prosecuted
  more times than he cared to remember under the Obscene Publications Act for
  something that he saw as completely harmless, he had finally exiled himself
  to Los Angeles where the authorities took a different and more liberal view
  of his activities and where, through careful publicity and appearances on TV
  show's like Jay Leno's and David Letterman's he had become famous rather than
  notorious  
Phil Bishop was into bondage in a fairly extreme way, but before he had outed
  himself as a fetishist he had been considered one of the top ten IT engineers
  in the country. He could put into practice things that a lot of people could
  not even begin to imagine and for this he had, in his opinion, been hounded
  out of the country by the British establishment who, if the truth were known,
  probably practiced things in private that were far more despicable than anything
  depicted in his books and magazines.  
Looking at him now, drawing feverishly on his napkin, Allison saw a slim
  man in his late forties. A man, despite everything, who seemed to have a perpetual
  grin on his face and a man whose mind seemed to be constantly engaged in the
  solving of problems.  
"So? Do you think you can do it?" A light, lilting Birmingham accent, with
  just a touch of California lurking somewhere in the background. He was talking
  to her. "You're going to be in there for a long time."  
"Yeah." The tall woman was speaking now, "But we're literally gonna be with
  you every step of the way. "  
"Ally, it sounds really dangerous&hellip;" The large fluffy haired blond
  woman looked concerned. Phil Bishop was staring straight at her but he did
  not direct the outburst at her that she was expecting.  
"It IS dangerous. Potentially. But so is crossing the road and if you don't
  do that, you'll never get anywhere! I've never lost anyone yet Ally, and I
  don't intend to. If you move in to a new house you don't expect it to turn
  on you and it's the same with this. I've designed it to SUPPORT the occupant,
  not kill 'em and if she wasn't so bloody tall, Lady Heather would have done
  it, but she just won't fit&hellip;"  
The tall woman smiled.  
"How is the Mistress?"  
Phil smiled back.  
"Crabby! She's stuck in LA editing our movie with the videographer, but she
  should be here by next Thursday, just in time to help us get started. I think
  she'll enjoy playing with you Ally, that's if you want to of course&hellip;"  
He looked at her expectantly.  
 Ally had already made up her mind.  
*  
Sheila continued to pace round the box, taking in every detail of the rubber
  doll that stood proudly to attention in front of them. There was a barely discernible
  strip of thick black latex that just above waist level that pinned her arms
  to her sides and her fingers had been laced into thick mittens that had straps
  around them that turned her hands into useless fists. The whole being covered
  with liquid latex.  
Meanwhile Bill was studying her head. Or rather the shiny obsidian globe
  where her head should be. Surprisingly it was just about the only place that
  Sheila hadn't felt. He gingerly reached out a hand now and touched the material.
  It didn't have the eggshell hardness that he had been expecting; in fact he
  was quite shocked to find that his fingers made an impression on the material.
  He was even more shocked when the whole thing seemed to react to his touch.  
Standing behind the creature that Sheila had started to call Bandy, (half
  Barbie and half Cindy), she was paying more attention to the curious arrangement
  on her back, just as her partner gave a stifled cry of surprise and she looked
  up to see Bandy's head collapsing.  
*  
Surprisingly perhaps, for someone who had been brought up in such a hot place,
  Ally loved the rain and much preferred an English winter to an Australian summer
  and she felt slightly light headed even now as she ran across the road avoiding
  the slow moving, virtually gridlocked, traffic on a wet and cold evening in
  October just a week before her big event was due to take place.  
She was in a part of London she had never been before, a long, tree lined,
  rain shiny, boulevard of a road in Muswell Hill, a road, she had been told,
  where you could probably see the odd rock star or two on a good day and the
  road where Dr Virinder Chaudhari had her practice.  
Doctor Chaudhari had been recommended by the blond haired woman as being
  sympathetic to their "cause" and "a bloody good doctor!" when Phil Bishop had
  insisted on her having a check up before her ordeal. She had been a little
  shocked at first but he would not take no for an answer.  
"I don't care how fit you are Ally and I don't care how much yoga you do
  and how deeply you can meditate, we can't afford to have anything go wrong!
  It doesn't matter how you wrap it up, your system's still going to be disrupted
  and I want you checked out, for your own sake if nothing else&hellip;" Resistance,
  to coin a phrase, was futile and Ally knew when to fight and when to give in
  and on this occasion there was little for it but to give in gracefully.  
*  
It was an old but elegant and well maintained house with stairs leading up
  to the front door and a brass plaque that identified it as "The Beeches Road
  Practice", there was no bell visible and when she tentatively touched the door
  it swung smoothly open. She entered and found herself in a large hall decorated
  in restful, pastel shades that somehow seemed to make it look larger. She could
  make out sounds, gurgling noises and what seemed to be music although it wasn't
  really discernible from where she stood.  
A sign to her left above a wooden panelled door suggested that she was close
  to reception so she gave a perfunctory knock and walked in.  
It was a large, airy, room with a counter and a dozen or so comfortable chairs
  arranged around a large marine fish tank from whence the gurgling noise came.
  The music now readily identified itself as Beethoven's Ninth, the Pastoral
  Symphony and the room felt calm and peaceful and much more inviting than any
  other surgery she had ever been in. When she heard movement behind the counter
  and saw a fairly young woman with long dark hair appearing she moved instinctively
  towards her.  
"HI! I'm looking for Doctor Chaudhari?"  
 The woman looked down at the computer in front of her.  
"Name?"  
"Ally, er, Allison Pearson."  
The woman looked up at her appraisingly.  
"Come through," She said, emerging from behind the counter and led the way
  out of the waiting room.  
The room had Doctor Chaudhari's name on the front door. The tall longhaired
  woman walked in front of Ally giving her time to take stock. Long luxurious
  black hair; black knee high boots, no tights or stockings and a dress straight
  out of the sixties. A black and white quartered, sleeveless, Mary Quant look-alike,
  with a hem that finished half way up her thigh. The woman closed the door and
  motioned for Ally to sit down. Reflexively she took off her coat and before
  she could say anything the woman was standing next to her with a small syringe
  in her hand.  
"Are you allergic to eggs?" Puzzled, Ally shook her head and seconds later
  she felt the needle enter her left upper arm.  
They exchanged glances, Ally's mind alive with all sorts of suspicions, but
  the dark haired woman smiled.  
"They grow this in eggs. There's a particularly nasty type of flu virus going
  around this year, wouldn't help if you caught that, would it?"  
She stood next to Ally looking her up and down for a few seconds and then
  she threw the disposable syringe into a sharps bin behind her and turned her
  attention back to the site of the injection. She took a piece of cotton wool
  and dabbed delicately at the small puncture and then she moved a little closer
  and a little closer still and then she lowered her head and bit, very gently,
  into Ally's neck.  
*  
"What the fuck have you done?"  
He felt like a small child who had just smashed something precious.  
"I haven't "done" anything. I touched her head and&hellip;.&quot;  
Her hands were on her hips now and her legs were slightly apart. Sheila was
  in attack mode, but attack breeds defence.  
&quot;Come here.&quot; He said quietly, noticing that Bandy's head seemed
  to have stopped deflating, &quot;It's all right I haven't killed her!&quot; That
  much was true. Bandy still stood in front of them seemingly unruffled by the
  deflation of her head. He was working at a small thin collar around her neck.
  Sheila studied him curiously.  
&quot;What is it?&quot;  
&quot;It holds her &quot;head&quot; in place. Or rather, it holds the inflatable
  hood that was covering her face.&quot;  
&quot;You're so clever!&quot;  
It was one of those remarks that didn't necessarily sound sarcastic, but
  which required him to turn round and study Sheila's face just to make sure.
  As he did so the hood loosened and rode up to reveal the features beneath.
  Sheila's gasp of astonishment was enough to make him turn round again.  
*  
Whilst Ally was in the surgery, a few miles due east, in a quiet close adjacent
  to one of London's smaller parks, a tall woman with long brown and braided
  hair was lying on a bed in a dimly lit bedroom.  
Perhaps lying was not the most accurate description of her current position.
  Perhaps spread-eagled would better describe her situation. Naked and spread-eagled,
  with just a tiny patch of trimmed pubic hair to cover any modesty that she
  might have left.  
Thick leather bands round her wrists and shapely ankles were attached to
  chains which were in turn fastened to more leather that held the chains tightly
  in place in discrete and specially designed niches set into the highly polished
  walnut and vaguely Art Deco head and footboards, holding her immobile. The
  only lighting came from two small halogen spotlights set in the ceiling, but
  the tall woman would not have been aware of them because over her eyes was
  a thick, padded, black leather blindfold.  
She wore nothing else apart from a large, pink and obviously wet ball gag,
  the largest size available, held in her mouth by a thick black leather strap
  that was buckled tightly, she might say too tightly, if indeed she could speak
  at all, at the back of her head.  
The bedclothes were ruffled, suggesting that the occupant had been as restless
  as the straps would allow. Also on the rumpled duvet were other things that
  suggested that at some point a series of fairly violent movements had taken
  place.  
There was a feather.  
A long white Goose feather, lying not far from her left foot. It's twin lay
  over to the right where it almost touched a heel. A heel of a foot with carefully
  painted blue toenails.  
There were two objects like blunt ended alligator clamps but matt black in
  colour and connected by a silver chain, lying only inches away from her left
  breast. Her plump, large nippled left breast, which, according to her partner,
  was perfectly symmetrical to her right, although both at that precise moment,
  looked a little redder and a little more prominent than was normal.  
There was also something else.  
Something lying between the woman's outstretched legs. Something long and
  shiny. Its surface was actually matt black like the clamps and covered with
  small knobbly features but right now it gleamed slickly in the overhead lighting.  
When some senses are taken away others tend to be heightened and although
  the noise at the bedroom door would have gone unnoticed by most people, the
  woman on the bed heard it clearly and strained, just a little, at the chains
  that held her in place.  
The bedroom door swung open flooding the room with light. The figure in the
  doorway appeared to be studying her captive, her head posed thoughtfully to
  one side. She was not a small woman. Not as tall as the one on the bed but
  large in other ways .In body and personality. Her large and not particularly
  saggy breasts were just covered by a towel that was laughably too small for
  her, showing as it did just the tiniest wisps of blonde pubic hair above her
  legs.  
In her hands was another towel with which she was drying her fluffy blonde
  hair. As silently as she could, she crept forward on bare feet until she was
  close to the bed and then she reached forward and ran a soft hand gently up
  her captive's bare thigh. There was no reaction.  
The element of surprise gone, she sat down on the bed feeling the mattress
  give slightly under her weight and dropped the towel with which she had been
  drying her hair on to the floor and then she leaned forward and touched the
  small patch of pubic hair that belonged to her friend and partner and then
  she bent over and, very gently, kissed her naval.  
She paused for a second or two and then she kissed it again and began to
  trace upwards with her extended tongue, kissing then licking, licking then
  kissing, until she reached her large soft breasts, where she broke and planted
  a kiss, first on one nipple and then on the other and then she continued to
  kiss and lick until she reached her victim's unprotected throat and she kissed
  some more.  
She trailed her tongue up onto her chin across her soft peach like cheek,
  then delved it into her ear and then breathed gently into it for a few moments.
  Meanwhile her hands were stroking gently at her captive's body. Going with
  the grain, fluttering against her breasts and then slipping down to her outer
  and then her inner thighs and then bringing them up to hold her face in both
  hands and lightly caress her cheeks.  
"Ooh that gag looks sooo big, it must be hurting your jaw by now. Raise your
  head! That's it. Bit more. Little bit more&hellip;Good girl!" Soft eager fingers
  reached behind the woman's head to unbuckle the gag and lay it, sodden and
  dripping with saliva, gently on to the bed.  
The captive pulled a number of faces, smiling, frowning and generally grimacing
  until she had worked the stiffness out of her jaw, but she was still tied up,
  still blindfolded and still naked. She let her head drop back onto the soft
  pillow as it were a lump of lead.  
"Fuck me! I thought that was never gonna come out&hellip;" If she had any
  more to say it was stifled by the blonde woman leaning across her, saying "Hi" quietly
  and kissing her gently on the lips.  
*  
The adrenaline was beginning to pump through Ally's body, but it wasn't fight
  or flight that was concerning her right now, it was the feel of soft lips and
  warm breath against her skin. Like most people Allison Pearson had encountered
  a lot of dilemmas in her time and would, undoubtedly, face many more. But what
  she was experiencing now was probably one of the most difficult she would ever
  come across.  
On the one hand she was in a strange place, with a woman she didn't know
  being seduced into God knows what and on the other&hellip;.  
She suddenly realised that there was absolutely no dilemma at all and she
  extended her arms drew the woman hard against her and slipped her tongue into
  her ear.  
*  
Unsurprisingly Sheila was as close as she could get to Bandy without actually
  touching her and now she could see the reason for the apparatus on her back.  
"A mask, a breathing mask! That's what all the noise was. She's been on oxygen
  all this time!" She looked at him reflectively, "S'posed to be good for the
  skin y'know, maybe you should try some &ndash; look what it's done for Michael
  Jackson!"  
"What? Made his nose fall off?"  
But Sheila was no longer listening. She was staring into the black and shiny,
  fibreglass visage with hollow but unseeing black eye sockets and a stylised
  silver mouth with painted on teeth that covered the facemask through which
  she was drawing oxygen. Although Bandy now had features of some description
  they were no closer to finding out the true identity of their "guest" than
  they had been an hour ago but the breathing noises were louder than ever, she
  looked at him pointedly.  
"Did you sound like this when you were in hospital?"  
He shook his head.  
"Don't know. Never been on oxygen!"  
She muttered something under her breath. Something that could have been, "well
  it's never too late to find out". But it was said too quietly and he was too
  far away from her to be sure. In the meantime Bandy's breath continued to rasp
  metallically in and out until it seemed to fill the entire room.  
"Oh Bill for fuck's sake do something, it's like sharing a room with Darth
  bloody Vader!" He was already touching the shiny black shell.  
"Might not be a good idea to take this off. Might affect her breathing."  
Sheila was kneeling on the floor and trying to peer inside the box at the
  same time.  
"Why? What does she normally breathe? Methane bloody gas? Mind you, if she
  lives with some beer swilling, curry eating nonce who shoves her head under
  the covers when he farts, then she probably has to&hellip;"  
He wanted to laugh but he didn't want her to see him, so he adopted his best
  poker face.  
"It looks like it's in two halves y'know, held together by four little screws&hellip;"  
Suddenly another face was level with his.  
"Well don't just stand there," Said the face, "Get going! Typical bloody
  man! Never knows the right time to screw!"  
*  
"Are you gonna let me up sometime today or am I gonna be flat on me back
  all night?" The blonde woman smiled as much to herself as to the tall blindfolded
  woman.  
"Would it be the first time?" She said sweetly, running a gentle hand up
  and down the tall woman's bare left leg, who, in turn, tried to raise herself
  off the bed.  
"Don't start with me bitch&hellip;.!"  
The blonde woman leaned forward and kissed her dark haired friend on the
  lips once more. Only this time it was a much longer and much more passionate
  kiss than the last. The dark haired woman sighed and relaxed back onto the
  bed and the blonde woman, pleased to have the upper hand for once, rolled on
  top of her. She pressed her lips tightly against her companion's and felt her
  resistance slide away and her mouth fall open. They moved sensuously against
  each other and then she felt a warm moist tongue enter her mouth.  
"Oh Linda," She whispered as best she could, "I love it when you're angry!"  
*  
Ally hadn't really been aware of leaving the chair, it had been a slide rather
  than a fall, but she could remember easing a tentative hand under the hem of
  the dark haired woman's dress and finding soft, smooth and silky skin underneath
  as she did so.  
The dark haired woman was now on top of her, something she seemed to relish,
  and then Ally felt gentle fingers sliding up her own thigh and soft breath
  against her cheek and then, with no warning, a sharp intake of breath.  
A hand stroking the soft sensitive recesses of her inner thigh. Lips against
  her neck. A husky, breathy voice in her ear.  
"You're wearing stockings!" Hand touching her lightly on the cheek  
"Uh huh. Always do in the winter. Hate tights. Can't stand knee-highs. Socks
  make me look like a man. Don't wear much in the summer though." Ally tried
  to rise. Tried to roll on top of the dark haired woman, but she resisted and
  pushed her back against the thickly carpeted floor. Nevertheless Ally continued
  to slide her hand delicately up the woman's thigh and now it was her turn to
  be surprised because as she got higher and the flesh became softer she found&hellip; precisely
  nothing.  
She tried to stifle a gasp.  
"Something wrong?" Asked the dark haired woman, shifting position so that
  Ally could see up her dress.  
"You're not wearing knickers!"  
"NEVER wear 'em. Winter OR summer&hellip;'cept when I make house calls!" And
  she shifted her position again so that her knees were pinioning Ally's arms
  to the floor and then she reached back, never taking her eyes off her face
  and picked up where she had left off, running her fingers around Ally's stocking
  tops, tracing the suspenders, letting her hand run its way lightly towards
  her crotch but pulling away before it actually got there. Watching the anticipation
  on Ally's face, she moistened her lips with her tongue and then bowed her head
  and kissed her gently on the lips.  
"Bet you've never been under the doctor like this before." She said, rucking
  up Ally's short leather skirt as high as it would go.  
*  
"Well?"  
"Well what?"  
A sigh. A palpable sigh.  
"Is it coming off?'  
He was standing to the left of Bandy and Sheila was directly behind her.  
"These screws are very small, but I think it's loosening."  
"Yeah and you know what thought did! What's this?" There was another collar
  holding the base of the fibreglass helmet in place. In trying to shift the
  collar a little and therefore help loosen the helmet, Sheila had uncovered
  something that she was peering at curiously. He glanced across at her.  
"Well?"  
"Well what?"  
Another sigh.  
"You've found something. What sort of something?"  
Sheila looked puzzled.  
"Dunno. It's attached to the mask, I think. It's like a glass fusey sort
  of thing but it looks like it's got some sort of liquid in it. A sort of silvery
  stuff."  
Suddenly he was by her side.  
"Where?"  
"There. What's wrong?" Very slowly he took her hands by the wrist and lowered
  them until they were at her sides. Mystified she looked into his eyes hoping
  to find an answer.  
"Bill what the fuck is wrong?"  
His face looked grim. Much grimmer than she could ever recall seeing before.  
"Did I ever mention Celine?"  

To call her reply snotty would have been an understatement.  
"Oh yes, one's girlfriend in another life!" She realised what he was doing
  as he was talking. He was trying to steer her way from Bandy. Sheila, who,
  he was convinced, was somehow related to the mule family, was not prepared
  to play ball. "Bill I don't know what's the matter with you all of a sudden
  but I ain't budging until you tell me what's wrong."  
Another sigh  
"Celine was from Northern Ireland. She lost one of her brothers in the "troubles".
  She didn't talk about it very much but when she did, she'd talk about the things
  that used to go on, like kneecapping and punishment beatings and how they'd
  learned to check everything to make sure it wasn't booby trapped and how one
  of the ways they did that was to learn how to recognise mercury switches." Sheila
  looked at him blankly. "A mercury switch is exactly what it says it is: a switch
  filled with mercury and because mercury is a liquid metal it's very sensitive
  to movement. Now I want you to come away from Bandy right now because what
  you've been touching is a mercury switch and they use mercury switches to make
  bombs!"  
She looked at him for any sign that this was some sort of joke but there
  was none.  
"Oh don't be daft!" She said derisively, but she took a step away from Bandy
  and the box as she said it, "If someone wanted to&hellip;"  
At that moment a sharp humming noise became audible and as it grew louder
  Bandy's whole demeanour seemed to change. Her muscles tensed and it looked
  as if she were trying to thrust her head forward. Her arms, pinioned as they
  were to her sides, were trying to move and her fingers, held uselessly inert
  by the mittens and the straps, seemed to be trying to flex. Then another noise
  joined the hum. A low keening noise that seemed to be coming from Bandy herself
  and then, all of a sudden and for no apparent reason, as both Bill and Sheila
  looked on powerless to intervene, her whole body began to shake violently.  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer asserts the right to be recognised as the
  author of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to
  any persons living or dead, or to any events either real or imaginary.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER THREE  
The story so far  : Bill and Sheila have a
      fairly unusual houseguest, Linda is a little tied up and Ally is under
      the doctor   
More than a little breathless, Allison managed to disengage herself from
  the dark-haired woman and struggle to her feet; she put her palms on her knees
  and took a few deep breaths.  
"Okay, okay, fairs, fair! Before you go messing around in my pants I'd quite
  like to know who you are!" The dark haired woman remained on the floor but
  had drawn herself into a sitting position hugging her knees. She looked at
  Allison and smiled showing film star white teeth.  
"Sorry, I thought you'd guessed - I'm Doctor Chaudhari!" Ally stared. The
  doctor put her head to one side and grinned girlishly. She looked down at her
  clothes and then back at Ally. "What were you expecting &ndash; a sari, a tilak,
  you know, that little red dot on the forehead and a motherly middle aged woman
  who tells you to eat your vegetables and not indulge in too much sexual intercourse?" It
  was Ally's turn to grin. Doctor Chaudhari rose gracefully from the floor and
  put out her hand, Ally grasped it warmly.  
"My dad was Anglo-Indian and my mum was English. An English hippy. An English,
  middle class, hippy who went to India and got carried away with it all! She's
  still the same, drives my Grandparents crazy even now! She converted to Hinduism
  and became more fervent about it than my dad ever was, which is why I ended
  up being called Virinder, but my friends call me Vicki."  
They were still holding hands and for some reason both seemed reluctant to
  let go.  
"Hi Vicki." Said Ally showing equally white teeth. The doctor looked at her
  and her expression turned slowly into a mischievous grin. She studied the woman
  in front of her for a few moments. The woman in the black patent pixy boots
  and the black hose that she now knew to be stockings. She noticed her short
  black leather skirt and her leather jerkin worn over a white, puff sleeved
  blouse, open low enough to show some cleavage and traces of the black strapless
  bra that she wore underneath.  
She noticed that her tongue was pierced, that she was freckled, that she
  had a small blue stud just to the right of her upper lip and multiple ear piercings.
  Her shiny jet-black hair was short and tousled and had a vivid white streak
  at the front. She also had a young face, high cheekbones and lustrous skin.
  The doctor moved closer to her and touched her lightly on the cheek with her
  free hand.  
"I said that my FRIENDS call me Vicki," she said, still smiling, "I think
  YOU could be something other than a friend," she gripped her hand tighter, " I
  think YOU could call me something else."  
"Oh yeah?" Said Allison, standing her ground but not letting go of the doctor's
  hand either, "And what might that be?" Unconsciously she licked her lips.  
The doctor pulled Ally close against her and then let go of her hand. She
  ran her fingers through her hair with the free hand while the other traced
  its way up her stockinged leg. She kissed her on the lips. A little peck, followed
  by another and another and another, leading to a full blown, tongues entwined,
  steamy, passionate kiss that seemed to go on forever and left them both breathless.
  She hugged Ally and whispered huskily in her ear.  
"How about MISS Vicki?"  
*  
Linda threw her head back against the soft pillows. Her friend was teasing
  at the tiny patch of dark, soft, pubic hair just above her moist, puffy labia
  with gentle and inquisitive fingers  
"Oh for fuck's sake Sarah let me up. I'm hungry, I wanna Chinese, I wanna
  piss and I'm gonna smack your arse so hard&hellip;"  
Sarah smiled. Linda was still tied to the bed, still naked and still blindfolded.
  She got up and let the towel around her waist give up the fight against gravity
  and fall in a heap on the floor. Naked, her breasts jiggled bountifully as
  she crossed the room to one of the built in cupboards and withdrew something.
  She turned back to Linda.  
"One of the junior doctors&hellip;"  
"What? The one who's trying to get inside your pants?"  
"Roger, the house officer, actually, and lots of doctors try to sleep with
  the senior sisters, it's something they learn in medical school I think, but
  he won't get into MY pants Linda Hutton, I'll tell you that now!"  
"No!" said Linda quietly, "'Cos there ain't no fucking room!"  
Linda had misjudged exactly how far away from her Sarah really was. The slap
  to her left upper thigh was hard and stinging.  
"Didn't think I would hear that did you?" Linda remained silent. She felt
  Sarah's weight on the bed again, it seemed comforting somehow.  
"Anyway, Roger told me this joke. He said his girlfriend told him to tie
  her up and do what he liked. So he tied her up and went up the pub!"  
Linda scowled.  
"And you laughed at that did you? Probably had his fingers up some poor buggers
  arsehole at the time as well."  
"Oh Linda you're so miserable sometimes and I've got a present for you as
  well, now hold still while I just take this blindfold off&hellip; lift your
  head!"  
"First you tell me to hold still, then you tell me to lift me head, MAKE
  UP YOUR BLOODY MIND WOMAN! OW!" this time it was the other thigh and this time
  Sarah cupped her hand slightly to make the sound reverberate round the room. "When
  I get out of this&hellip;BITCH&hellip; I'm going to&hellip;" At that moment
  the blindfold came away and she found herself looking into Sarah's bright,
  rosy-cheeked, face.  
"Hello Lindy-Lou," she said amiably.  
"Don't call me that! Makes me sound like a right tosser!" Sarah leaned forward
  and planted a large, noisy and extravagant kiss on her tummy, "And don't think
  I don't know why you suddenly went for a shower either." Sarah looked at her
  questioningly.  
"Don't come the innocent with me you fucking TART! How long were you sliding
  that fucking dildo up me?" Sarah looked at the ceiling. "An hour? Two hours?
  And all the time you wouldn't let me CUM you bitch! But you, oh you, "miss
  can't take what she fucking gives out" had to pop out to the shower and have
  a quick wank!" Sarah, who would be the first to admit that her life, until
  she met Linda, had been a little sheltered, was blushing quite profusely.  
"Was it nice?" Sarah looked at her but didn't answer, "Did you use your thumb
  on that sensitive little clitty of yours? Or did you just finger fuck yourself
  stupid with the warm water running all over you? You were wet weren't you?
  I could hear your breathing; you were turned on something chronic. Your puss
  was dripping fucking wet and you just had to go and play with it. Didn'tcha?" Sarah
  opened her mouth to speak but like a juggernaut out of control, Linda plunged
  on.  
"You know what really pisses me off?" Linda's eyes drilled into her and Sarah
  was beginning to wish that she had never removed the blindfold, " What really
  pisses me off is that you have to go out of the room to do it, you silly cow!
  How many times did I nearly come? Ten? Eleven? Twelve. I can't even remember
  now. You can do that to me and let me do everything I do to you and yet you
  can't stay here and finish your bloody self off! &hellip;At least that way
  I might have got off me bloody self!"  
Sarah's face was red and it looked as if she were near to tears.  
"I'm sorry Linda!" she said hesitantly, "Yes, I was excited and yes, I did
  have to go outside, but I didn't want to spoil your surprise. I know you've
  been a bit tense lately and I wanted to do something for you&hellip; I was
  going to let you come eventually. Honest!" almost as an afterthought she raised
  her right hand and Linda found herself staring at the biggest dildo she had
  ever seen in her life.  
*  
"Oh Bill you're such a PRICK sometimes!"  
Sheila was standing next to Bandy with a protective arm around her latexed
  shoulders. Bandy remained immobile but it was obvious that there was tension
  in every single muscle of her body.  
"Look at her, poor luv, she's shaking!" she looked at Bill contemptuously, "Bomb
  my arse!!!!"  
He didn't have time to look embarrassed as he was rooting around in Bandy's
  box for something that might switch off the controls to the vibrators. The
  vibrators that had been switched on by Sheila's unwitting movement of the switch.  
He looked up briefly and saw an odd look on her face; part triumph at proving
  him wrong, part concern for the nameless, faceless, rubber mannequin who seemed
  to be undergoing the tortures of the damned. .  
As the vibrators hummed and Bandy tensed and moaned as best she could, another
  sound became audible. Best described as the noise a marshmallow makes when
  slapped hard with a ruler, it seemed to come at regular thirty second intervals
  and caused the rubber doll to buck and to moan even more loudly.  
"What the fuck is that?"  
This time he didn't look up.  
"I think it's the tens unit I was telling you about."  
Sheila was very gently running her hands up and down Bandy's tummy and thighs.
  This seemed to be keeping Bandy as calm as she could be under the circumstances
  but was not helping Bill very much, so he kept his head buried deeply inside
  the box which had been Bandy's home.  
"So let's get this straight. You reckon she's got a vibrator in her puss
  and one in her bum and that they're both on right now and on top of that she's
  getting shocked as well!" He nodded, " BOMB!!!" she spat the word at him. "The
  only thing that's likely to explode round here is her poor little puss at this
  rate! Fancy getting your clit shocked!"  
He sighed.  
"I very much doubt that who ever did this would apply pads directly onto
  her clitoris. They're more likely fixed to the big muscle round her bottom &ndash; the
  Gluteus Maximus, which would make everything contract, send the muscles into
  a kind of spasm and make the whole thing that much more pleasurable."  
Sheila looked up at the tensed, moaning, mannequin who was beginning to rock
  more and more violently against her restraints and then turned her gaze on
  the back of Bill's head.  
"And how comes you're an expert in what is and isn't pleasurable to women
  all of a sudden, Biggus Shittus?" she said, her voice dripping with even more  
contempt than previously. Finally he raised his head from out of the box,
  gazed steadily at Bandy for a few seconds and then, with a small grin beginning
  to play around the corners of his mouth, said,  
"Okay, Clittus Giganticus, look at her right now and tell me, honestly, what
  you see. And if you can't see a woman who's a hairs breadth away from an orgasm
  or who might even be having a lot of little ones, then I won't bloody believe
  you!"  
"Bollocks!"  
"Look at her!"  
"I don't need to I'm holding on to her!"  
"Yeah and what's that doing for you?"  
"WHAAT!" She shouted the last word in order to make it rise above the noise
  of the vibrators, the tens unit and Bandy's moans. It stood to reason, therefore,
  that at the precise moment that she shouted, everything else would come to
  an abrupt halt.  
She stared at him in amazement. All now was silent, apart from Bandy's assisted
  breathing which seemed louder and faster than ever. Sheila put a protective
  hand on hers.  
"All right sweetheart! All right. Calm down now, calm down! You're safe.
  You're safe now Bandy, just calm down now pet. Oh bugger me! I wish I knew
  what her real name was. This is bloody daft!" Although the rubber doll stood
  a good six inches taller than her, by standing on tip toe Sheila was able to
  get an arm around her shoulders and do her best to comfort her, even though
  she stood, once more, immobile and emotionless in front of them. "Can't we
  get her out of this contraption?" she asked, turning to Bill once more," We
  might be able to stop the vibrators then."  
He looked over at the couch, to the abandoned circular saw that was lying
  there and shrugged his shoulders to no one in particular, and then he began
  to move forward.  
"What you doing?"  
"The only thing I CAN do. I'll have to cut her out." Sheila looked hard at
  him, but for once her mouth remained shut although she did bite her lower lip.  
He had retrieved the saw and was just reaching Bandy's box when a there was
  a faint humming sound. Sheila drew a quick breath and clutched at the rubber
  doll expecting the vibrators to come on at any second, but Brandy remained
  quiet. The humming noise, however, was persistent and it was only when Sheila
  looked down that she saw what was happening. The smoke from Bandy's original
  entrance still lay about six inches deep on the floor like a kind of domestic
  ground fog but she could clearly see that the front part of the box directly
  in front of Bandy was, very slowly, beginning to lower itself.  
A hissing sound became apparent now too. More smoke, this time red, was issuing
  high into the air from a tiny nozzle just to Bandy's right while the front
  of the box continued to descend. Sheila was already beginning to cough.  
"For Chrissake Bill open a window, she's okay, she can breath, but we're
  likely to choke to death!" But Bill stood fixed to the spot a few inches away
  from the source of the smoke. "Bill. Bill! Er, HELLO? Anyone home?"  
He was talking. As much to himself as to anyone else.  
"That's it! Same thing every time. Classic misdirection! They don't want
  us to see what's actually happening, so they blind us with science - or in
  this case smoke."  
Sheila had given up the struggle to stay on tiptoe and seeing that Bandy
  appeared to be in no immediate danger she had relaxed and settled instead for
  maintaining a tight grip on her left, mittened, hand. She looked at him questioningly.  
"Who doesn't want us to see what? Did you smoke a lot of dope when you were
  younger? That's supposed to make you paranoid you know. First it was bombs,
  now it's invisible people. What next?"  
His total disregard for her bordering on the suicidal, he walked past Sheila
  as if she wasn't there, through billowing red smoke to the couch, where he
  once more dropped the saw and then on towards the large picture window that
  looked out on to the small cobbled street and the canal below. Throwing it
  as wide open as he could, he turned back to face the room and Bandy and spreading
  his legs slightly and enunciating slowly and clearly, he seemed to fix his
  eyes on a point somewhere in the middle of the room.  
"I've opened this window and then I'm going to turn on the extractor fans
  in the kitchen and then I'm going to open every window in the rest of the place
  and if someone doesn't notice red smoke issuing from a flat in a high rise
  twelve floors up and get the Police and the Fire Brigade here fairly quickly
  then I'd be extremely surprised!"  
Sheila realised that he was staring at the box. She followed his gaze and
  in the bright noon sunlight caught a glimpse of something shiny about halfway
  down the left side.  
Bandy's breathing had returned to an approximation of normal but it was still
  coarse and rasping through the breathing mask that clung to her face and prevented
  speech.  
Bill stood silently watching the smoke issuing from the side of the box but
  he was also watching and studying the shiny object in its side. For a few seconds
  nothing happened but then, as suddenly as it had started, the smoke stopped.  
Sensing that Bandy was in no immediate danger, Sheila moved round to join
  her partner.  
"What's going on?"  
"Mmmm?" he seemed to come out of his reverie and take notice of her for the
  first time in some minutes," Oh! Well I think they saw reason!"  
Sheila could not hide her scepticism.  
"Who saw reason? The fairies? The pixies? The little green men hovering above
  us in a flying saucer?"  
He smiled benignly.  
"No, silly! The people on the other end of the spy cam that's watching us
  from about halfway down that box!"  
She looked again at the small, shiny circular object set into the side of
  the jet black box, then at the man standing beside her and then at the box
  again. She moved forward and crouched down. She peered into the tiny circular
  hole and saw that it was covered in glass and then she turned and looked back
  at Bill.  
"And we can be seen through this?" she asked, disbelief rampant in her voice.  
"Mmm. Probably a fish eye lens. Probably covers the whole of this room. There
  are probably more as well!"  
She raised a quizzical eyebrow.  
"Where?"  
He looked around the room, at the box and at Bandy who was currently standing
  darkly, silent and motionless once more, inside it, her hands loosely by her
  sides like an automaton whose current had been switched off. A being with no
  obvious life force. And yet the more he looked at her, the more he felt that
  he was being watched, even though he was convinced that she was currently sightless.  
"Well," he said slowly, "You could try Bandy's helmet for starters."  
Sheila came slowly upright. He couldn't help noticing how feline she looked
  as she moved towards Bandy on bare feet, like a cat stalking a mouse, her head
  held slightly back as if she was trying to avoid imaginary rays from the helmet.
  The sun had gone behind a cloud for a second and when it emerged she saw it
  immediately, sparkling in the light, a small circular hole covered in glass
  at the very top of Bandy's fibreglass head.  
She studied it carefully for a few seconds and then stalked back towards
  him. When she was no more than a few inches from him she said in a hoarse whisper.  
"So someone is watching every thing we do, right?"  
He nodded and replied just as quietly.  
"Mmm. There's probably at least one more inside the box, keeping a watch
  on Bandy when she's in transit."  
Sheila nodded as much to herself as to anyone else. Taking it all in.  
"And can they hear us as well?"  
He looked at her archly.  
"Well the smoked stopped fairly quickly, didn't it?"  
She didn't reply, she just moved even closer to him and then she turned her
  head so she was looking into Bandy's vacant eye sockets. He could sense that
  she was up to something but Sheila remained, as usual, completely unpredictable.
  When she spoke it was as loudly and as clearly as he had spoken earlier.  
"So you like to watch do you? Whoever you are. Been having a good laugh at
  us behaving like Pratts have you?" She stole a quick glance at Bill and then
  her voice deepened and darkened. "Okay! Well if you like watching, watch this!"  
Without warning she leaned forward, took his face in both hands and kissed
  him full on the mouth. At the same time she insinuated her warm, soft, body
  against his. He could smell her shampoo, it really did smell of herbs and fruit,
  and he could smell her, that warm inviting smell that she seemed to exude even
  when she was at her most pugnacious. But pugnacious was not the word to describe
  her right now.  
Her lips were soft, moist and inviting and he couldn't help but think of
  other parts of her that were just as soft, just as moist and just as inviting.
  She was rubbing against him now. Sliding a bare foot up and down his left calf.
  Easing against him until they were crutch to crotch and then beginning to gyrate
  and writhe. Not humping but an insistent rubbing. An insistent rubbing that
  she knew could only create one ultimate reaction in him. And it was happening
  already.  
She had her arms around him now. Thrown around him in almost total abandonment.
  He could have pushed her away. He had in the past when she had gone too far
  but somehow it didn't seem right this time. It wasn't as if they had a LIVE
  audience and it was also unusual for Sheila, although an undeniably passionate
  person, to have reached this stage quite so quickly, although he thought that
  he could understand the reason for her sudden fervour.  
She was tugging gently at his hair with one hand, while the other was running
  its way down his tummy and then stroking the area just above his belt. He could
  guess at its ultimate destination. Aware that the camera could not see all
  of their movements he slipped his own hand between them and very gently soothed
  it against the crotch of her faded blue jeans. It had the desired effect. Sheila
  broke the kiss threw her head back until she was looking directly into his
  eyes and said in a voice that was strangely deep and husky,  
"Fuck me! Bend me over the table and fuck me right now!" he put his hand
  firmly behind her head and pulled her to him again, whilst the other began
  to tug at the belt of her jeans and at that precise moment, Bandy began to
  move hesitantly forward.  
*  
The doctor patient/ relationship was taking on a new meaning in Doctor Chaudhari's
  surgery and it was Allison, once again, who broke away, breathlessly.  
"Look this is all very well" She ran a hand through her hair to try to smooth
  it out, "But shouldn't we do this examination while my blood pressure's still
  fairly low?"  
"And your genitals are only slightly moist?" Queried the doctor smoothing
  down her dress. If she had hoped to see Ally blush, she was disappointed.  
They had been kissing, amongst other things, for nearly half an hour and
  she knew that Allison was quite right. She stole a glance at the half Goth,
  half punk, Australian standing in front of her and became suddenly business
  like, but there was a twinkle in her eye.  
"Okay Miss Pearson, let's do what you came for &ndash; take your clothes
  off!"  
Ally looked at her just a little longer and a little harder than she might
  otherwise.  
"Got a cubicle," she said slowly, "You know, somewhere I can change?"  
The doctor shook her head.  
"Don't need one! When I say take your clothes off Allison, I mean take your
  clothes off, right here and right now!" There was no mistaking the lascivious
  expression on her face, but Ally was not one to turn down a challenge. The
  leather jerkin was already being placed carefully on the back of the nearest
  chair.  
She was staring straight at the doctor.  
"And would you like me to do a dance as well?' She asked quietly, unbuttoning
  the cuffs of her blouse as she did so  
"I don't think we've got time right now, do you?" Said Doctor Chaudhari,
  folding her arms in front of her, "but maybe another time. I can just see you
  as a slave girl in a harem!"  
"Can you really?" asked Ally, not taking her eyes away from the doctor's
  but pulling gently at her blouse to loosen it from her skirt at the same time "And
  would that involve chains by any chance?" It was the doctor's turn to lick
  her lips. Ally was unbuttoning the white blouse now. When she finished she
  pulled it fully open to reveal shapely breasts nestling in a black strapless
  bra.  
Vicki Chaudhari's mouth seemed to fall open just a little, but her voice
  never wavered.  
"Oh yes. Little slave girls HAVE to wear chains!" Allison's hands were behind
  her back, she unfastened the bra first time, cupped her breasts and fondled
  them gently for a few moments and then took hands and bra away to reveal them
  naked, the nipples proud and erect. She looked at Vicki for a second and then
  moved a little closer. Parting her legs slightly, she stood in front of the
  doctor, unbuttoned and unzipped her short, black leather skirt and let it fall
  to the floor, to land in a small heap at her ankles.  
She put her hands on her hips. Vicki looked her up and down She was wearing
  long black stockings, stockings that complimented her long legs and plump,
  swelling calves and thighs perfectly. Her suspender belt was short and skimpy
  and semi transparent as where her panties which were little more than a thong.
  That she did not trim or shave her pubic hair was obvious from where the doctor
  was standing.  
Black shiny ankle boots, black stockings, black suspender belt and a black
  thong were the only items of clothing that Allison Pearson still wore and it
  did not seem to concern her in the slightest.  
"And what do you do with your little slave girls when you've got them chained
  up?" she asked coquettishly, putting her head to one side.  
The doctor smiled,  
"That's for me to know and you to find out. Now come here and take my dress
  off!"  
*  
Linda stared at the long flesh coloured monstrosity that Sarah held in front
  of her,  
"Fuck me it must be a foot!" Sarah shook her head seriously  
"No, no, it's a huge plastic cock!" And then unable to contain herself any
  longer she laughed at her own joke, but was unable to prevent herself from
  blushing at the same time, "It's all right Lindy Lou, it really is, I'll be
  very gentle!" She studied the more than life like representation of a penis
  that she held in her hands, "It'll all go in, I promise!"  
Linda opened her mouth to protest but, her reflexes heightened by the thought
  of what she was going to do to her friend, Sarah put down the dildo, picked
  up the gag and thrust it forcefully between Linda's lips. She tried to spit
  and shake it out, but as both her arms and her legs were tied tightly to the
  bed, she was totally unable to prevent Sarah from buckling it tightly back
  in place.  
Now that Sarah was once more in control she ran her hands across Linda's
  tummy and could feel Goosebumps rising as she did so.  
"I was going to blindfold you," She said reflectively, looking into Linda's
  eyes as she said it. Eyes that reflected many emotions, from anger to defiance,
  to anticipation and even a little fear but her gaze was steady, there was also
  a lot more than the possibility of retribution there. Something Sarah had learned
  to relish.  
"But I think you'd prefer to watch." Linda lay motionless. More than six
  feet of voluptuous, naked woman, tied up and at the mercy of her partner. Something
  that was unusual for both of them, but something that they were both coming
  to enjoy. Although the expression on Linda's face at that moment suggested
  anything but enjoyment.  
Sarah leaned in close to Linda. So close that she could feel her warm breath
  on her cheek. She picked up the dildo.  
"I WAS going to use lubricant on this," she said, holding it up that they
  could both study the foot long monster, "But I thought that between us we could
  lubricate it ourselves!" with that she began to run her tongue delicately up
  and down the huge penis ":I mean, I don't think this will be anyway near enough
  but I think that you might be able to help me out a little bit!' She closed
  her lips around the head of the monstrous dildo, studying Linda's expression
  as she did so and then she trailed her free hand up and down Linda's tummy.
  She took the penis out of her mouth and dribbled saliva on to it.  
"See, I think you're going to be a little bit wet yourself," she said gleefully.
  Linda stared at her and slowly shook her head, her eyes wide with horror. Sarah
  smiled, still holding the dildo in one hand, she ran her other down to Linda's
  patch of pubic hair, caressed it fleetingly and then eased a gentle finger
  between her wide open legs. Her face immediately became a picture of triumph.  
&quot;See Linda," She said, her face wreathed in smiles, " Your eyes say
  no&hellip;but your CUNT says yes!" Unused to using such language, Sarah blushed
  bright red and then eased another finger inside Linda's wetness causing Linda
  to close her eyes and moan loudly into her gag.  
*  
The doctor looked at her "patient".  
"Well? Don't just stand there, little slave girl, do as you're told!" Allison
  moved forward a little stiffly, a smile playing on her lips. She stood directly
  in front of Doctor Chaudhari.  
"And exactly whose little slave girl am I supposed to be?" She said, looking
  deep into Vicki's eyes. Vicki did not flinch.  
"Mine!" she said almost breathlessly, "You're my little slave girl now and
  in future you call me MISS Vicki as a mark of respect!" It was Allison's turn
  not to flinch.  
"Oh, so it's respect you want is it?" Said Ally dropping to her knees, "Well
  if it's respect you want&hellip;." She crouched as low as she could and began
  to lightly lick at Vicki's left boot. Taken by surprise Vicki could do little
  but watch her intently. Watch as she fluttered her tongue delicately against
  the toe and then began to work her way gently up towards the knee, her head
  bobbing, her tongue still fluttering, whilst she wondered exactly what it would
  feel like when that tongue met the bare flesh above her boot.  
She shivered involuntarily.  
"That's enough, little slave girl," She said gently, "That's more than enough!" She
  could feel a tensioning somewhere near her lower back and she had the definite
  feeling that she was becoming more than a little moist. She bent down, took
  hold of the supplicant's chin and pulled gently upward, communicating wordlessly
  with her, informing her that she wanted her in a standing position.  
Ally raised herself slowly until her eyes were level with those of her new
  Mistress.  
"Well?" she said quietly, "Was that respectful enough for ya?" Vicki studied
  her long and hard and then her face broke into a broad grin.  
"Yes. Yes it was, my little slave girl. It was very respectful&hellip;but
  I think we'll have a little less mouth from you in future and you still haven't
  done what you were told. I think you will definitely be punished for that&hellip; at
  some point."  
Ally licked her lips. She moved behind the doctor and began to unbutton her
  dress. When finished she lowered it so that her new mistress could step delicately
  out of it. When Vicki turned to face her new slave, the expression on Ally's
  face was all she needed to see, because Doctor Chaudhari now stood in front
  of her completely naked apart from a pair of black and shiny, high heeled,
  knee high boots.  
*  
She heard him curse quite roundly, but softly, under his breath and she felt
  very much the same way as they broke to watch what Bandy was doing. Slowly
  and very, very carefully she was moving forward, head erect, hesitantly but
  surely, out of the box. Without thinking, he going to one side, she to the
  other, they both rushed to her aid. There was a sibilant hissing noise coming
  from somewhere inside the box but thankfully there was no smoke this time.  
They each took a hand and helped the seemingly blind, deaf and speechless
  rubber doll to leave the confines of her box for the first time. She moved
  a few paces forward and then stopped abruptly not to move again, almost as
  if she were under instruction of some kind.  
Now they could take stock. Now they could get a better look inside the box
  and see how she had been confined. But the intelligence that was at work behind
  Bandy was ahead of them once more. As Bill bent down to look inside, the front
  flap that had lowered itself to let Bandy out now began to raise itself upward
  and the lids that had previously been sticking straight out of the sides and
  into the air were once again being lowered into their original position. Bandy's
  home was certainly not open to inspection for the time being.  
Sheila was now able to study Bandy even more closely than before. Her skin
  glistened still and her hands slipped against the black latex covering.  
"You know what I think this is?" she said to the still kneeling Bill who
  was still trying, unsuccessfully to gain access to the box. He shook his head. "I
  think it's some sort of lubricant. Something that doesn't rot latex like other
  lubricants do and something that would stop her sticking to the air bags when
  she's inside the box."  
He eased himself into a standing position. "What about her feet?"  
Now it was Sheila's turn to sink to her knees.  
"Mmm. Look at this!" As they had noticed before, Bandy's legs seemed to be
  held tightly together and there were indeed small tight bands of rubber at
  her thighs and above and below her knees and at her ankles that prevented her
  moving her legs at all, the only way she could move was by shuffling her feet
  from side to side like an enormous penguin. Sheila looked up at him questioningly,  
"And then they sprayed the liquid latex on top?" He nodded. It was now apparent
  also that Bandy was not as tall as she had appeared to be inside in the box.
  Although her latex "leggings" finished just below her ankles, her feet were
  almost bare and her toes were painted, predictably, in ebony black nail polish.
  But she wore shoes of a kind. Shoes with a very high heel, an enormous arch
  to the instep and a chamfered platform sole finished in a shiny black patent
  material.  
Sheila, who took an enormous interest in shoes, especially restrictive ones,
  whistled gently through her teeth.  
"Fuck me! Ballet sandals! Like ballet toe boots but probably a bit lighter." She
  reached out and ran her hand across Bandy's bare feet. "They must be hell to
  wear!" he watched her but said nothing. He had always admired Sheila's feet
  and she had always encouraged his mild foot fetish by wearing sandals and thongs
  and every possible type of shoe that attracted him. He noticed her studying
  him and saw that there was a cheeky expression on her face.  
"Tell you what, might let you buy me a pair after this - if you can afford
  them of course!" He was going to say that that had never bothered her in the
  past but then he noticed Bandy's tail.  
It had changed.  
It was a real tail now and not just an umbilical. It fell to a length of
  roughly 18 inches behind her and there now appeared to be a small box attached
  to it.  
Sheila, seeing it at the same time as him and with her given propensity to
  touch things had grasped it in her hands before he could stop her, at the precise
  moment that the thick fibreglass mask covering her features chose to fall off
  and crash to the floor landing a few inches away from her head.  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER FOUR  
In which Ally passes her exams, Linda turns the
      tables and Bandy makes Bill an offer he cannot refuse!   
   
   
"Y'know I could have sworn that you were supposed to be examining me!" Ally
  leaned hard against Doctor Chaudhari and cupped her generous breasts, "Mmm,
  these are verrry soft and those little nipples are soooo hard&hellip;" she
  broke off, pinched one between thumb and forefinger and rubbed her cheek against
  the doctor's sleek, jet black hair. The doctor tried very hard to stifle a
  little gasp of pleasure, but she couldn't.  
"Now that's quite enough of that young lady!" She said, as sternly as she
  could under the circumstances. "And you're quite right, I'm here to examine
  you and not vice versa." Her voice dropped in tone and pitch, " Now let go
  of my tits and go and fetch my coat!" She tried to look around at the miscreant
  but Ally was nuzzling her ear. She moved her right hand back a little and bought
  it down with unexpected force on Ally's right buttock.  
"Oww bitch! That hurt!"  
What followed took Ally completely by surprise.  
*  
"Now just relax and it should go in nicely!" Linda had been around long enough
  not to fight. She had made a few glossy, soft focus, woman on woman, S&amp;M
  films in America in the mid nineties, but they had been with experienced actresses
  and even more experienced directors. The novelty of having a Brit Mistress
  whose acting was more than passable had been too much of a gift horse for the
  producers in Van Nuys to look in the mouth and as a result she had seldom been
  in the situation that she was in now, but she KNEW what to do.  
She KNEW how to handle a dildo the size of the one that Sarah was about to
  push into her.  
She KNEW how to make it look good and sound good and she KNEW how to do it
  without pain or injury and with the best will in the world she also KNEW that
  Sarah didn't.  
*  
Ally didn't expect the doctor to turn round quite as swiftly as she did and
  she didn't expect her to grab hold of her wrist either. She was off guard and
  off balance and before she knew it the doctor was dragging her over to a chair
  in the middle of her surgery and then, none too gently, over her naked lap.
  Directly in front of her was a full-length mirror and she tried to blot out
  the image that she could see in it.  
The dark haired woman naked apart from shiny black high heeled boots, with
  a young, slightly dishevelled looking woman held firmly over her knee wearing
  very little, apart from stockings, boots and a suspender belt because her small,
  black and very nearly transparent panties had just been tugged, quite unceremoniously,
  down to her knees.  
She watched as Doctor Chaudhari's right arm was raised and then appeared
  to become suspended in mid air.  
She felt and saw a finger being traced along her bare, tanned, back and tried
  to suppress a shiver.  
"And what exactly is this, young lady? And I want a straight answer because
  I don't think you're in any position to give me any lip!" Ally tried to struggle
  upright but a hand in the small of her back held her firmly in place. She looked
  at herself in the mirror and it suddenly felt as if her very being was turning
  to liquid. As if her core was melting. She felt her mouth go dry and her limbs
  go weak.  
"Do you mean the tattoo?" She asked hesitantly and then to her horror she
  saw Vicki Chaudhari bending forward. Bending forward very slowly and deliberately,
  still holding her firmly in position and then she felt something warm wet and
  slippery on her skin and she tried, she tried so hard to shake herself loose
  but Vicki held her so tightly over her knees that she couldn't and she felt
  her whole body react and she watched in the mirror as Vicki Chaudhari began
  to trace her tongue around the outline of the large eagle with outstretched
  wings that was tattooed across her shoulders and that had taken nearly one
  whole day and a great deal of pain to etch into her skin.  
*  
"There's no need to look so worried, I AM a nurse you know!"  
No gag can enforce total and absolute silence but the big pink rubber ball
  in Linda's mouth was soft enough for her to bite into and large enough to both
  fill her mouth and hamper any intelligible speech. She was used to being on
  the other side in these matters and she was far to proud to beg and plead but
  she did manage to mumble, " Mind what the fuck you're doing with that thing!" followed
  by a huge sigh as Sarah gently kissed each of her nipples and stroked her face
  to calm her down as she offered the dildo up to her waiting and moist outer
  lips.  
*  
It all happened in the slowest of motion. The tongue. The gentle kissing
  of the tattoo that had given her so much pain and so much pleasure at the same
  time. Then the equally gentle stroking of her soft and evenly tanned bottom.  
Ally felt the anticipation building up inside her. She felt the bumps rise
  on her skin. She felt Vicki's lips on the back of her neck and she felt her
  heart beat faster and her pulse begin to race as a result. She tried to struggle
  because she knew that she had to and it wasn't even half-hearted. In fact the
  more she struggled and the harder that Vicki held on to her, the more excited
  she seemed to become.  
And then she sensed, rather than saw that the doctor was
  bringing her arm down and  
doing it with considerable force. Despite being forewarned,
  the first blow came as a considerable surprise, landing as it did on her soft,
  upturned and vulnerable buttocks.  
She felt Vicki's hand strike her, she felt the force, she felt the tingling
  smack and she felt the tremors that began to run through her body like aftershocks
  and she felt her muscles tighten and tense and she felt the second blow and
  then the third and the fourth and she cried out, not through pain but through
  something else, something else that was building up inside her, that was making
  her mouth dry and her spine tingle and then she felt the fifth and the sixth
  and the seventh strikes on her defenceless, bare bottom and she looked once
  again in the mirror and saw the concentration on Vicki's face and the undoubted
  look of ecstasy on her own and she saw that the Doctor's other hand, the one
  that was holding her down was moving.  
 Moving downward and under her tummy and she began to kick and to struggle
  and she heard the doctor tell her to stop, felt one smack, one very hard smack,
  that for some reason made her eyes brim with tears and then she felt the hand
  again, skimming down past her naval, tracing around it for a few seconds and
  then moving inexorably down until it was between her legs and she struggled
  and she kicked but she still felt the finger enter her. Enter her warm moist
  wetness and she screamed and she screamed and she screamed&hellip;  
*  
Sarah was kneeling next to her on the bed. Their eyes had locked together
  few moments before. One pair saying silently "I hope you know what the fuck
  you're doing!&quot; The other pair saying softly and beseechingly, "Just trust
  me for once! Trust me the way that I trust you."  
Then Sarah leaned forward and kissed Linda's ball gag and straightened up.
  In one hand she still held the enormous dildo and in the other she now held
  a tube of something that looked like toothpaste. She put the dildo to her lips
  again and then as if speaking into some bizarre pink microphone said,  
"I mean, it really was quite nice sucking this." And she ran her tongue around
  the over large bell end of the dildo to emphasise her words, "but you really
  didn't think that I would put this in you without lubricating it properly did
  you?" Linda couldn't speak and she wasn't going to amuse Sarah by trying to
  talk through the gag any more so she just stared. Stared in both annoyance
  and relief as Sarah removed the cap of the tube one handed, placed it carefully
  on the bedside table and began to squeeze out a generous portion of lubricating
  jelly onto the monster in her other hand.  
She rubbed it in lasciviously as if she were gently masturbating a real penis.
  Linda wanted to look away but she was not going to let Sarah get the better
  of her, so she watched as her hand stroked gently up and down the under shaft
  and then up to and around the big bulbous head and then offered it up to her
  mouth once more. Even Linda was unable to stifle a small groan.  
Sarah smiled archly, took the penis away from her lips and, picking up the
  tube again, began to squeeze it delicately onto Linda's pubic area. The bound
  and gagged woman could only moan into her gag again as she felt the cold jelly
  on her most sensitive place.  
"Can't leave you out Lindy Lou!" she said gleefully and if Linda had been
  able to talk she would probably have said something to the effect that she
  sometimes wondered if her friend was all there sometimes, but then she felt
  soft cool fingers on her pubic hair and against her already moist and puffy
  lips and she felt Sarah's fingers entering her again but the sensations were
  heightened by the slippery, cooling, soothing, feel of the jelly and she felt
  three entering her all at once. Invading the most private place she possessed,
  next to her mind, and she felt the warmth and the gentleness of Sarah's touch
  and she thought how silly she had been not to trust her and then she felt the
  thumb.  
 The insistent pushing of Sarah's thumb towards a place that she thought
  sometimes only women had any real knowledge of, because they were the only
  people who possessed one and were therefore the only people who could understand
  it. And she stretched her arms and legs luxuriantly against the restraints
  that held her tightly to the bed as Sarah began to lightly apply even more
  jelly to her clitoris and then began to rub it in lightly with her teasing
  thumb.  
The three fingers began to move gently in and out whilst the thumb made circular
  motions against her precious inner bud. It was too much for Linda who had been
  kept at gas mark 5 when she wanted to be on the boil and despite herself she
  began to move against Sarah's gentle but insistent fingers. Began to hump against
  them. Began to relish their tender invasion but became rapidly impatient at
  her previous inability to climax and her impotence to do anything to help herself.  
As she began to thrust against Sarah's hand so Sarah could hear her muttering
  through her gag. She had to move closer to hear but it was unmistakeable. As
  Sarah was beginning to move her fingers faster and faster in and out of Linda
  so she could hear her whispering unmistakeably,  
"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" in time with her increasingly violent movements.  
*  
She hadn't exactly passed out but her recollection of the next few minutes
  was hazy after the explosion that seemed to start in between her legs and then
  gather intensity until it made her whole body shake and her mind recoil in
  total abandonment and pleasure.  
Now she was on her back and Vicki Chaudhari was standing over her taking
  her pulse and looking slightly concerned and very doctoral in a white coat
  which, apart from the high-heeled boots was her only garment. She bent forward
  and kissed Ally lightly on the cheek.  
"So is it fair to assume that you don't get spanked very often Miss Pearson
  or were you just gagging for it?" There was a smile on the doctor's face and
  Ally had the good grace to blush, but not for long.  
"Well, you looked pretty wrapped up in things yourself&hellip;" She tried
  to rise. She tried to pull herself into a sitting position and then throw her
  legs over the side of the bench on which she appeared to be laying, but she
  couldn't. "What the&hellip;"  
Vicki Chaudhari smiled a straightforward, unmalevolent but somehow triumphant
  smile.  
"You came here to be examined because the Bishop wants to make sure you're
  fit enough for his big night, but things keep getting in the way, so this will
  make sure you get the examination you deserve!' she ran a hand across Ally's
  cheek and Ally couldn't help noticing that the mirror, that god-awful intrusive
  bloody mirror was right in front of her again and this time it showed the same
  slightly dishevelled young woman as before with a slightly redder face than
  before, laying on what appeared to be a travesty of a gynaecological examination
  couch. One that not only had uprights into which her legs had been firmly strapped,
  leaving her room not even to wiggle them, but struts sticking out from the
  sides at forty five degree angles to which her arms were fastened.  
She could see herself in all her unclothed glory. She still wore her suspender
  belt, stockings and ankle boots but otherwise she was completely naked, her
  panties, which had previously been hanging around her knees, were now nowhere
  to be seen and her thick bush of pubic hair which almost concealed her pink
  outer lips was openly on display.  
Doctor Chaudhari was standing next to her with a stethoscope round her neck.
  She was unbuttoning her crisp white coat.  
Ally's mouth sagged open.  
"I thought you wanted to examine me!"  
"I do!" Said Vicki Chaudhari, delicately climbing on a to a low stool next
  to the couch and raising her right leg, "I do!" she repeated as her coat fell
  open to reveal her olive skinned nakedness and she settled herself astride
  Ally's chest,  
"But there's something I'd like you to examine more closely first." She said
  as she gently pushed her hips and the soft gash between her legs into Ally's
  warm, inviting and already open mouth.  
*  
When it came Linda's release was short, violent, noisy and unexpectedly satisfying.  
She couldn't help but watch in fascinated horror as Sarah pushed the head
  of the slickly greased monster against her and then she felt surprise and elation,
  as it seemed to slip as easily into her as Sarah's finger s had previously.
  But this time it was different. Much, much different. Where Sarah's fingers
  had been lithe and soft and pleasant, but still only fingers, this felt much
  more substantial, much, much larger, much more concrete and much, much, more
  satisfying.  
She felt the gently pressure of Sarah's hand and she felt the monster slide
  relentlessly into her leaving her feeling full and somehow satisfied in a way
  that she hadn't been for a very long time.  
A warm glow seemed to be emanating from her stomach, down into the area between
  her legs and up, up into her whole being.  
Sarah kissed her on her gagged mouth once more,  
"I've got another little surprise for you Lindy Lou, this thing is actually
  called "King Dong" because it's not just a Dildo!" she touched a switch at
  the back of the huge pink penis and Linda immediately felt as if her insides
  were being turned to jelly.  
The monster was moving of it's own accord, not just up and down but sideways
  as well and she seemed to be moving along with it. It felt as if her whole
  body were being drowned in light. Pure white effervescent, vibrating light.  
She couldn't fight it. She didn't want to. And when Sarah leant her across
  her and she felt her soft comforting weight against her stomach and her warm
  breath against her primed and sensitive little clitoris&hellip;  
When she felt her extend her tongue to lick gently against the soft bud&hellip;  
When she felt Sarah give the huge vibrating dildo one final thrust and she
  thrust back&hellip;  
When she felt the enormous invader thrusting and drilling and thrusting and
  drilling and then wobbling uncertainly from side to side against the soft fleshy
  walls of her inner passage&hellip;  
When she realised that all she could do, bound spread-eagled and gagged as
  she was, was to give into it, give into it totally and unconditionally and
  let Sarah and the vibrating monster take charge of her very soul&hellip;  
It was when she felt and realised all of these things that Linda Hutton threw
  hack her head as best she could, closed her eyes, let out the biggest scream
  that she could, given that her mouth was hampered by a huge pink gag that tasted
  and smelled of rubber and surrendered to the largest number of multiple climaxes
  that she could ever remember.  
*  
A poet might have said that it was like a fall of summer rain. But it would
  have been a poet who was not present to watch Vicki's climax as Ally fluttered
  her tongue against the clitoris whose hood Vicki had obligingly pulled back
  for her as they bumped and ground their way to mutual climax. Ally, spread-eagled,
  strapped to the couch with her legs high in the air, whilst her Mistress, naked
  apart from her boots, straddled her, one hand on her own clitoris whilst the
  other was buried deep between Ally's legs and thrusting feverishly in and out
  of the soft moist cavern that nestled there.  
Ally had never experienced a female ejaculation before but she had read about
  it in Cosmo and as she thrust her tongue against Vicki's clitoris for what
  was to be the final time, Vicki fell forward but not before delving four fingers
  as deep into Ally as they would go, causing Ally to buck and to moan and to
  climax for the second time that evening, whilst Ally felt what it was like
  for another female to ejaculate violently and copiously against her and they
  both screamed as loudly as they ever had.  
And then Vicki was holding her, stroking her, wiping her face with a tissue
  and she looked deep into her eyes and grinned a mischievous grin.  
"Y'know it's probably a good job you were strapped down!"  
"Yeah!" said Ally ruefully, "P'raps next time I'll tie you down and piss
  in YOUR face! Hey d'you do that often? Maybe I could get you some incontinence
  pants in case it happens again!"  
Vicki, seeing that Ally was smiling, kissed her on the cheek,  
"Okay little slave," she said quietly, "looks like you've passed your oral
  exam, time to get a bit more physical!" Ally pretended to swoon against her
  bonds and then they both began to giggle uncontrollably.  
*  
Despite having lived with Linda for nearly two years, Sarah had to admit
  to herself that she could still be very na&iuml;ve at times.  
 This was undoubtedly one of those times.  
As soon as Linda had climaxed and she had taken the gag out of her mouth
  to help her to breathe properly and recover she had loosened her bonds and
  the six foot two Amazon with the young apple cheeked face had kissed her on
  the cheek, risen from the bed, stretched luxuriously and disappeared into the
  shower.  
Sarah heard the hot water running and was sitting naked by the bed with just
  the two down lighters on, flicking idly through the menu of The Great Wall
  of China that was only a few streets away and that always delivered their food
  piping hot. She didn't see the door to the bedroom open and she didn't see
  the figure slip through the door and she also didn't see, until it was too
  late, the black kid leather discipline helmet with attached blindfold and integral
  pear gag being slipped over her head, buckled in place and held there with
  a thick leather posture collar.  
And by the time she realised exactly what was happening it was much too late
  because her hands were already being pulled roughly behind her back and fastened
  tightly into German Police Issue and guaranteed inescapable, stainless steel,
  double locking handcuffs.  
*  
Some things tended to bother Sheila, little things mostly. Others, quite
  often much bigger things, she tended to take in her stride. So it was not totally
  surprising to Bill that she rose from the floor unconcerned that a major and
  reasonably substantial part of Bandy's outfit had just missed her by inches,
  but when she saw what was underneath the heavy mask she had no option but to
  stop and to stare and to utter,  
"Fuck me sideways!" quietly under her breath.  
Bill was already by the newly emerged mannequin's side. He had a gentle hand
  on her shoulder, sure that her first extra box perambulation would have been
  a reasonably stressful situation for her.  
Sheila stared at Bandy and then at him.  
"Oi! D'you want to get inside that costume with her or what?"  
He turned quickly and looked at her pointedly, remembering her earlier sudden
  show of affection.  
"I don't,' he said carefully, "but I think YOU do!"  
She put her hands on her hips but looked away before the red flush to her
  cheeks could betray her and then she looked at the floor like a naughty schoolgirl.  
"Bollocks!" but she said it quietly and he half expected her to scuff the
  floor with a bare foot at the same time.  
He went over to her and placed both hands on her shoulders.  
"It's all right you know &ndash; you can admit things sometimes, it won't
  hurt you!"  
She continued to look at the floor.  
"I think I've admitted enough to you for one lifetime bollock chops." And
  then she looked up at him plaintively and instinctively he put his arms around
  her and pulled her to him. "Oh Bill it's worrying me, it really is! I hate
  these things. Enemas and total enclosure and all that shit, I really do and
  yet it's driving me scatty seeing her like this, it really fucking is! I'm
  as wet as a fucking swimming pool and I want to be her Bill, I really want
  to be her!" They both turned and studied the creature that they had come to
  call Bandy in her latest incarnation.  
The thick heavy fibre glass mask had gone and with it had also gone the stertorous
  breathing because, hanging over Bandy's right shoulder, was a small light weight
  breathing mask that fitted over the nose rather than the mouth and the reason
  for this particular apparatus was now clear, because Bandy was incapable of
  opening her mouth or so it seemed, but she did now have one now and eyes and
  a discernible nose and hair as well. The only problem was that they were all
  stuck on to a thick black, all encompassing rubber mask, that covered her entire
  head and face and that was held in place by a golden collar with the words "RUBBER
  SLUT SLAVE" etched into it in bold black letters.  
Bandy stood before them encased entirely in black latex apart from her feet,
  which were held bare and almost horizontal by what could only be described
  as ballet sandals. She had long black latex "tail" that seemed to connect both
  her front and back passages and which, in turn, had a small black box attached
  to it. Her real features were entirely obliterated by a coal black face mask
  with huge, bizarre blue stick on eyes, a bright red and hugely over generous
  stick on mouth and a long blonde wig that reached to her shoulders and was
  presumably stuck to the top of her latexed head.  
Sheila turned back to Bill with an expression that suggested that what she
  was about to say was very difficult for her.  
"Bill, I am so fucking horny that if you don't do something I am going to
  stand here and frig my fucking self off, I swear, but I can't do it with those
  things watching me!" She indicated one of the spy cams set into the side of
  the box. But then, as if to give the lie to what she had just said, she put
  her arms around him and began to kiss him deeply. Without any preamble she
  began to reach for his belt buckle and it was at that moment that Bandy chose
  to speak for the first time.  
It was halting and metallic and it sounded like the synthesised computer
  voice known as Mary that was incorporated into a lot of software, and right
  now Bandy/Mary had their full attention.  
"HEL - LO, MY NAME IS ALLI - SON AND I AM HERE TO SERVE YOU AS YOUR RUB-BER
  SLUT AND SEX TOY, IF IT PLEASES YOU MAS &ndash; TER AND MISS &ndash; TRESS!
  YOU WILL FIND THE BOX THAT CON &ndash; TROLS ME HANG - NG BETWEEN MY LEGS.
  WITH THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO CON &ndash; TROL ME COM &ndash; PLETLY. CON &ndash; TROL
  MY MIND AND CON &ndash; TROL MY BODY." There was a pause and they looked at
  each other in the deathly silence. Then Bandy began to speak once more.  
"I HAVE BEEN TAUGHT TO PLEASE YOU WITH MY MOUTH MAS &ndash; TER AND ALSO
  WITH MY BOT - TOM AND MY CUNT WHICH ARE AVAIL - ABLE TO YOU IF YOU SO WISH." There
  was another pause and what followed seem to come as a kind of electronic afterthought," I
  CAN ALSO GIVE THE MISS - TRESS PLEA - SURE SHOULD YOU SO DES - IRE!"  
Sheila looked at her partner, looked at their new sex toy, drew herself up
  to her full height and marched past the now dormant mannequin to the large
  black box in which she had arrived. She stood defiantly in front of it, feet
  apart, staring directly into the small glass "eye" half way down the left side.  
"Now listen to me whoever you are! We do not need any rubber sluts in here
  thank you very much! There's only room for one slut in here and that's me!" He
  found himself unable to suppress a grin, she had to have made a mistake there
  and it was something that he was sure he could derive a lot of innocent pleasure
  from teasing her about later. But Sheila had turned away from the box and was
  now looking at him.  
"And I don't care how good the slut is with her mouth, only one person sucks
  you off! Got it?" he nodded dumbly a trifle shell shocked by her onslaught
  and he was even more shocked when she took a few paces forward, dropped to
  her knees and began clawing at the zip of his trousers.  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events, real or imaginary of to any people living or dead.  
 -  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER FIVE.  
In which Ally learns the ropes, Sarah shows remorse
      and Sheila does some unravelling.   
The Hilton London Metropole stood huge, modern and almost anachronistic opposite
  Marks and Spencer in the middle of the Edgware Road. All shiny glass, immaculate
  steel and highly polished marble, it wasn't, somehow, the place that Ally had
  been expecting to meet in when Phil Bishop had phoned her on Monday evening.  
"Hi Ally! How's it going?"  
"Hi! I'm just great!"  
"Sure? There's an edge to that voice I haven't heard before."  
" Oh, anticipation I guess."  
"You're worried?"  
"Not worried&hellip;."  
"Ally believe me, there's nothing to be frightened of. If I thought that
  you were going to come to any harm I'd call it off here and now. I've been
  doing these gigs for nearly thirty years&hellip;"  
But it wasn't fear that was uppermost in Ally's mind, or even apprehension,
  she trusted Phil Bishop, she trusted the tall woman who had set this whole
  thing in motion and she trusted Vicki Chaudhari with whom she had been in constant
  touch since their first meeting nearly two weeks ago, well, trust was a relative
  word there. They talked on the phone every day but Vicki was refusing to actually
  meet with her until the Thursday when she was due to meet Phil Bishop and Lady
  Heather.  
Games.  
Everywhere you went - games.  
Mind games. Head games. Call them what you will.  
Vicki was toying with her, at least that's how it seemed, but after her upbringing,
  two highly thought of academics for parents who hated the sight of each other,
  doted on her, turned to drink to anaesthetise themselves from their highly
  acrimonious relationship and frequently made her a pawn in their own particular
  head games. After all that, Ally could play games at International level.  
She stood now, outside the little chemist on the opposite side of the road
  from the hotel, fingering the strap of her shoulder bag and biting her lip.
  When she realised what she was doing she gave herself a kind of mental ticking
  off and strode across the road to her fate.  
*  
The inside of the Hotel was more marble and glass, offset by discrete lighting.
  There was bamboo in pots surrounded by designer pebbles. There were enthusiastic
  new arrivals. There were tired looking people waiting for taxis. One thing
  she didn't see or hear, to her exhilaration, were the fruit machines that seemed
  to line the foyers of virtually every hotel in every country in the world &ndash; except
  Britain. But it seemed to her, as an outsider, that she was living in a country
  that was twenty years behind the rest of the civilised world anyway, so the
  Poms had that to look forward to.  
She approached the immaculate front desk and caught the eye of young woman
  about her own age. A young woman, who, it turned out, was also from a land
  down under.  
"Hi!"  
"Hi! Sydney?"  
"Yougottit! Brisbane?" the attractive young woman waved a hand in front of
  her chest.  
"Just outside but you were close enough. Don't hear much strine here, 'smainly
  Arabic!" She paused, women DO notice other women and Ally was already aware
  that the breasts of the receptionist were more than ample, not helped by the
  fact that her blouse had a couple of strategic buttons undone and her bra was,
  to say the least, uplifting. There was an awful lot of cleavage to be seen,
  Ally wondered whether it was real cleavage or the silicone enhanced variety, "You
  must be Ally!" Pleasantly mystified, Ally held out a hand and the receptionist
  grasped it warmly. Perhaps a little too warmly, but they were both a long way
  from home.  
"I'm Tanya. The people in ten fifteen are expecting you and I've got to give
  them a call&hellip;" Before Tanya could say any more, Ally felt a presence
  behind her. She turned and found herself looking at the tallest policewoman
  she had ever seen. A policewoman who looked oddly familiar. Ally stared at
  her. Stared at her long and hard, but there were too many differences, she
  realised, hair colour, eye colour, nose a slightly different shape, but all
  the same&hellip;  
"Miss Pearson?"  
Ally was jolted back to reality.  
"Uh huh."  
"Miss Allison Pearson?"  
"Yes, yes I am." She couldn't help look the woman up and down. Shiny Doctor
  Martin shoes, navy pants, white short-sleeved shirt open at the neck, body
  armour consisting of a navy Kevlar body warmer, extendible truncheon - still
  a truncheon and not a nightstick - and handcuffs. Bright and shiny handcuffs,
  with matt black inserts, in that very obvious little pouch attached to her
  belt. She wore her blonde hair short and it was piled into a peaked cap with
  the familiar chequered band around it. She was undoubtedly the most attractive
  policewoman that Ally had ever seen and not just because of the handcuffs but
  there was something odd about her and about the way she spoke.  
The policewoman seemed to be taking stock of her too; of her shiny black
  PVC trousers and open toed black patent pumps, exposing the shiny black painted
  toenails that matched her shiny black painted fingernails. Of her black PVC
  waistcoat and her simple white silk blouse. The waistcoat struggling manfully
  to contain the fact that tonight she wore no bra. The hair jet black and newly
  dyed, the white streak at the front being considered too fussy for the occasion.
  Dark eye shadow, darker than the norm but bringing out the quality of her dark
  eyes. The intense, almost luminous, quality.  
"Miss Pearson, I have reason to believe that you have information which may
  help us in a current enquiry&hellip;" That voice again. That not quite right
  voice. Like someone trying to speak another language. Yes that was it! Like
  when a Pom tried to speak like an Aussie, or vice versa. Or when an American
  tries to speak like a Brit! Dick van Dyke in Mary Poppins or the bloke who
  played Daphne's brother in Frasier, or Spike in Buffy. Not quite as bad as
  any of them but this woman wasn't English, she was an American trying to SOUND
  English&hellip;  
"What enquiries?"  
"The Policewoman stood her ground,  
"I'm afraid I can't tell you that here but if you'd like to come with me&hellip;" For
  a moment Ally thought she was going to say, "mate" or rather "mite"  
Come with her?  
There was no way Ally was going anywhere with this woman. She looked behind
  the counter to Tanya but she was busying herself at the computer. She looked
  around, thought she saw sudden movement over by the lifts and then dismissed
  it.  
"I'm sorry, Officer, I'm supposed to be meeting someone right now. But I
  actually work for a firm of solicitors, if you'd like to &hellip;" But the
  policewoman was speaking over her.  
"In that case I have no option&hellip;" There was movement. The policewoman's
  hands. At first they were by her sides then they were behind her, then&hellip;  
Then the policewoman took a quick glance around her and drew a breath like
  an actor preparing for a soliloquy. Her face became suddenly grave.  
"Allison Emma Pearson&hellip; I am arresting you&hellip;" And then she was
  behind her, cuffs in hand, "&hellip;you do not have to say anything, but it
  may harm your defence&hellip;" She could feel or maybe imagine Tanya's eyes
  boring into the back of her head. "&hellip;if you fail to mention&hellip;" The
  policewoman seemed to be talking extremely loudly and it seemed as if everyone
  in the foyer was looking at her. A thrill like a charge of frozen electricity
  coursed through her body.  
If the people in the foyer weren't looking at her just then, they soon would
  be.  
She felt hands on her wrists. Warm hands. Gentle hands. Powerful hands. Then
  something cold on her left wrist, a click and a tug on her right as it was
  pulled to meet the other, then more cold and another click.  
No longer distracted by what she was doing, the policewoman came round to
  face Ally and there was a definite smirk on her face,  
"&hellip;something that you later rely on in court!"  
She tried to move her hands but they were pinioned firmly and immovably behind
  her back. She tried to pull her wrists apart, the policewoman studying her
  intently, an amused expression on her face. Allison could see her lips moving
  and then hear her muttering,  
"Goddammit! I forgot again!" The accent had slipped. Ally was no expert but
  she had friends in the States and that sounded decidedly West Coast. Then she
  was behind her again and there was metal scraping on metal and suddenly Ally
  felt very strange.  
She had double locked the cuffs  
If they hadn't been inescapable before, they certainly were now and she was
  definitely no Houdini.  
She looked around the hotel foyer. At the people who were watching her. Watching
  them watching her. She didn't shrink away. She stared into their faces. Into
  the faces of women and children and men. She had a feeling that she knew what
  the men were thinking and looking at some of the blank, guarded looks on some
  of the women's faces she had a feeling that she knew what they were thinking
  too.  
She hoped she could conceal her own thoughts behind the mask she called a
  face. The policewoman grasped her by the right forearm.  
"This way please Miss Pearson," She noticed the officer looking at her, studying
  her still. Was she hoping for a reaction? She wasn't going to get one - despite
  everything.  
How could they have known?    
   
How the bloody hell could they have known? She was convinced that
      this wasn't real and she could guess who had set this up, or at least had
      more than a finger in the pie. But how did they know that she was currently
      living out one of her biggest fantasies and in the middle of a posh London
      Hotel for all that?   
   
 Paraded publicly in handcuffs!    
   
It had sent shivers down her spine when she was younger and it
      was doing exactly the same for her now. If she had been wearing panties
      they would have been damp with anticipation. She had the public humiliation.
      She had the strong powerful OTHER woman. She had the people watching her.
      The only thing she didn't and couldn't have was the fact   that
      in her fantasy she was naked  !   
And then she saw them and she panicked for a moment, afraid that she might
  lose it altogether. "What would the Yank say then?" She wondered idly. Over
  by the lifts. She could now see them clearly. Two men holding, not just cameras,
  but steadicams, recording the whole thing, and on either side of them, one
  man and one woman carrying what appeared to be long, large, furry caterpillars
  on sticks &ndash; boom mikes. All wearing nondescript jeans and tee shirts
  and the obligatory trainers. These were no amateurs; these were professionals,
  which meant just one thing. Her arrest was on VT. It had been video taped and
  could be watched over and over again. Phil Bishop and the tall woman had laughed
  and joked with her about her Big Day, Phil saying that things had changed a
  lot in ten years. The tall woman telling her that you'd really be surprised
  at the sort of stuff they showed on late night cable and satellite television
  these days&hellip;  
 Her stomach gave a lurch.  
Something in the area of her abdomen was clawing at her insides like some
  kind of alien trying to get out whichever way it could. Her throat was dry,
  her head was beginning to spin, suddenly she wasn't just "damp" between her
  legs, she was sodden and her hands were shaking and her legs were trembling
  and the policewoman was leading her to the lifts and whispering in her ear
  through clenched teeth at the same time.  
"Come now and we're screwed! Make it to the elevators and you can jack off
  as much as you like &ndash; I might even help. If you don't&hellip; I'll have
  to call an ambulance and the real cops and have you laid out on the sidewalk
  or something&hellip; and that ain't in the script!"  
Ally looked at her long and hard. They were still walking. It was probably
  the longest twenty-five yards of her life. She had to concentrate on her walk
  and try to talk at the same time. Also through clenched teeth she hissed,  
"Whose idea was this?"  
The policewoman's face lit up like a sunny day, and her voice was as smooth
  and mellifluous as treacle being poured over molasses,  
"Well Honey, I'll just let you think about that one, but let's say that someone
  suggested I should strip search you as well and if I thought that we could
  get away with that BS here in full view of a hundred or so people, then I'd
  have done it&hellip;you okay there?" It was a blip. Ally did her best to stifle
  a gasp as her spine tingled and her stomach did a number of somersaults. Over
  by the front doors, the doors through which people were coming and going all
  the time, two uniformed security guards were watching them.  
They were getting close to the lifts, closer to the waiting camera crews
  when the policewoman suddenly did the unthinkable; she stopped dead and stared
  into Ally's startled eyes. The eyes that were doing their best to conceal what
  was going on behind them.  
"You know Honey?" She whispered quietly, "There's something I totally forgot
  to do." That grin. That huge mischievous, disconcerting grin and although she
  wasn't a mind reader, Ally knew, at that moment, exactly what the policewoman
  was going to do.  
She shook her head and a frisson of either fear or pleasure, or perhaps both,
  ran through her entire body.  
"No. No!" Shaking her head over and over again. Not here. Not now.  
"I'm sorry Miss Pearson," The "English" accent was back again, "But I'm afraid
  I'm going to have to search you!" Ally stood rooted to the spot. She didn't
  remember too much afterwards. It was all a blur, but she remembered the hands.
  The soft hands, patting gently down her sides, all the way down her legs and
  then being asked to open them. Open her legs and stand splayed with her hands
  still cuffed behind her while the policewoman knelt and ran teasing fingers
  all the way up her inner things. All the way. As far as she could go and then
  some. The hands fluttering between her legs whilst the policewoman stared at
  her. That grin still in place. And then for a moment, one vital fleeting, lip
  biting moment, one hand, a hand with long delicate pianist's fingers, came
  up, came up much further than it should and began to make it's way towards
  the zipper of her shiny PVC trousers.  
They looked at each other for a few seconds. The blonde woman evidently loving
  every moment. Victim and prey, they simply stood and stared at each other.
  Ally knew what she wanted. She wanted her to beg. To beg her &quot;no&quot;!
  But Ally wasn't the begging kind and besides &hellip;  
The policewoman stood up and they were both conscious of all the people watching
  them now. She stood up and made her slow lazy way behind Ally who jumped when
  she touched her again.  
"Now honey we just don't know what weapons you might be concealing about
  your person, do we?" She whispered. "You never know, there might be something
  hiding in between those little TITS of yours!" She had no chance. The hands
  were there before she could do or say anything. &quot;Mmm" The policewoman
  muttered into her ear, "Just like orange juice - best when they're lightly
  squeezed!&quot;  
She was standing behind her in such a way as to block vision from the back.
  For a moment, just one moment she felt the policewoman's crotch rubbing against
  her bottom and then she felt something else. A slap. A light slap. Not hard,
  but enough to do damage to the delicate grip that she had on normality. Her
  mind and her body recoiled and she bit her lip. She stood unmoving, trying
  to stem the rising tide. The rising tide of feelings that could only result
  in one thing.  
The policewoman realised that she had pushed her too far. Grasping her by
  the left upper arm again, which didn't help her, she hissed in her ear.  
"Hold on! Just try to hold on!" I don't want them filming this. Not right
  now!" And then they were half walking, half running towards a pair of white
  double doors. The security guards at the front door meanwhile, had their radios
  to their ears and were starting to make their way towards them. The film crews
  had also decided to do something and were moving away from the lifts and in
  their general direction.  
The policewoman ducked left, pulling the hapless Ally with her. "Don't come
  yet sweetheart! Your Aunt Heather knows best!" and with that she dragged her
  out of the main reception area through the double doors and into a small, brightly
  lit but nondescript corridor.  
*  
They ran, literally ran, down seemingly endless corridors until finally they
  came to some metal stairs. The tall policewoman half helped, half dragged,
  the still handcuffed Ally down them and into the gloom below. Now they were
  in an area where the walls were just brick, there was a strong smell of disinfectant
  and the faint hum of machinery.  
They were both out of breath, the policewoman took off her cap, wiped sweat
  from her brow and let out a long, exhilarated sigh.  
"Wheee! I'll have to do that again some time!" Then she turned to her reluctant
  companion, "You okay kiddo? Creamed those PVC jeans yet?" Ally gave her an
  agonised glance, wondering whether or not to give her the satisfaction of knowing&hellip;  
"No I haven't and it's no thanks to you!" They stared at each other and then
  the stares turned to smiles and the smiles turned to laughter.  
*  
"Bishop to Dom1! Bishop to Dom1. We'd be fairly interested in your position
  up here in mission control. That's if it's not too compromising of course!"  
Ally stared in disbelief. She had seen the small speaker on the Policewoman's
  body armour, but she had assumed that a bogus policewoman would, of necessity,
  carry a bogus radio. She hadn't expected it to suddenly crackle into life at
  a fairly inopportune moment. Calmly the tall woman tugged at her lapel.  
"Dom 1 to control. Subject and I are in position. Repeat, we are in position,
  but we have a little business to attend to first. Do you copy?"  
The voice at the other end was crystal clear. So clear that the laughter
  in it was unmistakeable.  
"Copy you Dom1. All work and no play makes Heather a dull girl eh?" Before
  she could reply the voice chuckled and continued, "Okay, but we need her up
  here by 19.30 and we need her in one piece please because I've got a producer
  standing next to me who's going to tear her hair out any moment and may need
  a bit of the old Bishop method to calm her down!"  
The policewoman frowned at her microphone.  
"You just put her down Bishop! You understand? That schlong of yours stays
  firmly in your pants mister, at least until we're alone!"  
The voice at the other end suggested comic bewilderment.  
"My dear Lady Heather, I don't know what you could possibly mean&hellip;"  
"Zip it Bishop. Tell your producer lady she'll get her goods on time but
  I'll decide on the condition&hellip;Dom1 out!" Ally looked at the tall blonde
  policewoman now formally identified as Lady Heather, the partner of Phil Bishop,
  with a certain amount of apprehension. Especially as the lady in question was
  currently withdrawing something form her pants pocket. Something that turned
  out to be a small silver key.  
She held it up for Ally to see.  
"It's the key to one of the service elevators," She started toward her. "See,
  we were totally up front with the management here and we told them what we
  wanted to do. They were fine about it as long as we didn't compromise their
  integrity&hellip; and a coupla film crews on site swilling down tea and biscuits
  all day hasn't done their profits too much harm either. Their only request
  was that we do the real heavy stuff elsewhere. So after we get you upstairs
  and cleaned up a little," Ally raised an eyebrow, "Your friendly neighbourhood
  Doctor is going to take you somewhere where we can get you and the box all
  ready for your little trip." They were nose to nose now. This time it was Lady
  Heather's turn to raise an eyebrow.  
"But first I want to have a little fun. Bishop and I, we have an arrangement
  that we can both play with other people, provided there's no actual penetration
  involved." She looked at Ally long and hard. "Now as you can see, I don't have
  the wherewithal to penetrate you Miss Pearson," Here she reached inside her
  body armour and began to withdraw something.  
"But I DO have the wherewithal to beat that pleasant little ass of yours!" And
  she pulled out a burnished leather tawse that looked as if it had seen a lot
  of action in it's time and began to unbuckle the belt to Ally's PVC pants.  
She leant forward and kissed her on the cheek,  
"Now Honey, are you going to do what they ask in the movies and come quietly,
  or do I have to restrain you a little more?"  
*  
"What the bleedin' 'ell are they up to?" In Suite 1015 the tall woman with
  the long braided hair peered over Phil Bishop's shoulder as if staring at the
  small walkie-talkie in his hand would give her the answers she required.  
Phil Bishop, whose face seemed to be registering even more amusement than
  usual took his feet off the desk, where they had been propped in an attitude
  of studied relaxation for some time and stood up.  
He offered a hand to the tall woman.  
"Linda don't fret. Her Ladyship assures me that everything is under control
  and I believe her!"  
Linda Hutton looked down at the floor,  
"Ain't got much bloody choice!" But this didn't nonplus the Bishop. He looked
  over to the plumpish woman with the streaked hair who was currently smoking
  her third cigarette of the hour.  
"Linda, you've talked on the phone but I don't think you've met. Liz Fisher
  is the producer for Taurus Television, Liz this is Linda Hutton who helped
  me set this all up!"  
The two women looked at each other, Linda seeing a pleasant face, tousled
  hair, jeans, boots and a fluffy pink jumper, Liz seeing apple cheeks, perfectly
  cut leather jeans on the longest legs she had ever seen, high heeled sandals,
  bright red nail polish, a low cut white top and a black calf length leather
  jacket. They touched hands briefly. Linda had a question in her eyes and it
  was obvious to Liz what she was staring at. She looked down self &ndash; consciously
  and took another drag on her cigarette.  
"Oh it's okay! I scrub up fairly well. I'll be doing all the interviews,
  and a couple of pieces to camera, but a bit of slap, some lippy and my tits
  showing a bit more and I'll be fine!"  
Linda smiled. All around them was the hustle and bustle and general mayhem
  that film crews tend to generate. The lighting crews were turning huge lighting
  umbrellas on and off with abandon, sometimes blinding the people nearest them.
  The camera men and sound people, back from their quest downstairs, were checking
  their equipment and drinking tea, whilst a couple of slim make up artists where
  working on a plump woman with fluffy blonde hair in a seat by one of the huge
  windows that looked out on to what appeared to be the whole of London.  
Phil Bishop sidled up to his favourite Mistress, after his own wife, and
  nudged her in the ribs,  
"Sarah's very quiet today, what's wrong?" Linda looked over at her companion
  then at Phil and then at the woman standing beside her who was just lighting
  her fourth cigarette. A cigarette that Linda secretly yearned for.  
"Oh, she's been like this for nearly two weeks, and I'm not supposed to tell
  anyone!" The expression on Linda's face though, suggested that she would, if
  asked. Phil Bishop decided to push the boat out.  
"Run up too many demerits has she, your Ladyship?" Linda did not smile.  
"Yes, she bloody has!" She glanced at Liz Fisher who was trying not to look
  extremely interested and made a decision." "Look Liz you may not understand
  this&hellip;"  
Liz drew deeply on her Silk Cut,  
"Anything you can tell me about your lifestyle is interesting to me&hellip;"  
Linda looked at her a trifle sceptically,  
"Okay, couple of Thursdays ago, I let Sarah tie me up. Now when you do that,
  there has to be trust and Sarah violated that trust by sticking the biggest
  fucking cock up me that you've ever seen!" The Bishop smiled to himself. For
  once he thought he could actually see Linda blushing. Liz, meanwhile, had a
  strange expression on her face.  
"Er, this, er, huge, er, "THING", she &quot;shoved&quot; it er&hellip;" Linda
  grinned,  
"Up my fanny! Not up my arse! But that's not the point!" Linda, like Phil
  Bishop himself, was always prepared to explain the realities of what outsiders
  called BDSM to those very outsiders. She put an almost maternal hand on Liz's
  shoulder.  
&quot;See Liz, what you have to remember, is it isn't like the books or the
  films - not even Nine and A Half Weeks! It's about trust and talking it over
  and&hellip;" Liz interrupted  
.  
"I've read that book and he was really brutal! No soft focus photography
  there&hellip;" But both Phil and Linda saw a slightly far away look in her
  eye. When she noticed them looking at her she became mildly impatient, as TV
  producers tend to do.  
"So what did you do to her?"  
"Well, when she finally let me go&hellip;"  
"Did you by the way?"  
"Did I what?"  
"Did you? Did you orgasm? Did you CUM?"  
"Well yeah, but she'd been fucking about with me for nearly three hours and
  then dragged out this enormous great fucker that would have satisfied a fuckin'
  horse!" Phil Bishop looked out of one of the windows, unable to suppress a
  smile.  
"Okay! Okay! So when she'd put the horse satisfier away and you were out
  of your straitjacket&hellip;"  
"Chains!"  
"Excuse me?"  
"Chains. Cuffs and chains. That's what we use. Although I've got this black
  PVC strait jacket with a crutch strap that's got an attached dildo. The more
  you struggle, the more you manage to FUCK yourself! Course I'd have to chain
  your ankles first and you'd have to be naked&hellip;"  
Liz was looking more than a little nonplussed. Changing the aspect, making
  it subjective, really seemed to have got to her.  
"Er, yes, well, that's fine but er..." Sadly, she had to admit to herself,
  Linda was revelling in Liz's obvious discomfort. And excitement.  
"But what did I do to her afterwards?"  
"Yes, yes. What DID you do?" Phil Bishop thought her voice was sounding slightly
  strangulated. Linda moved a little closer to Liz Fisher.  
"Good grief! If she gets any closer, she's going to be in those jeans with
  her!" It was an idle thought but one that made the Bishop smile even more than
  usual.  
"I'll tell what she did, shall I?" Said a small unfamiliar voice from the
  periphery of the conversation. They all turned to see a smart, plump woman,
  with fluffy blonde hair, wearing a denim skirt, a low cut cashmere sweater,
  black knee length boots and very professional and very elegant make up. Belligerent
  would be the wrong word, but in the mood Sarah was obviously in, she seldom
  took no for an answer.  
She stepped in between Liz and Linda somehow, facing Liz, blotting out Linda,
  her face a study of anguished annoyance,  
"She waited&hellip; no don't interrupt me Linda Hutton! She waited until
  I was reading the menu for the Chinese takeaway because she'd already said
  she was hungry&hellip;"  
Liz looked at her in a bemused fashion,  
"Oh so you let her speak then&hellip;"  
"Only sometimes!' She said with some force, "And then it's not always a good
  idea." A noise behind her made her whirl round, Sarah was trying to bore holes
  in her with her eyes  
 "Don't laugh at me Hutton, it's not funny! Two weeks I've been in this bloody
  thing, two weeks, two long bloody weeks&hellip;"  
"I let you out." Said Linda stiffly.  
"Yes! But only when you've tied me back to the bed again. And then it's just
  to wash me so I don't smell and to play with my&hellip;well, to er&hellip;"  
"Oh come on Sarah, she's a bloody adult, she's probably played with a fanny
  before, or at least done it to herself!" Liz grinned and Sarah blushed. Seeing
  her discomfort Liz ground out her cigarette in a nearby ashtray and took Sarah's
  hand.  
"Okay, now it's obviously something that's bothering you," She looked a little
  pointedly at Linda and back to Sarah, "So d'you want to start back at the Chinese
  menu or would you like to talk somewhere private?" Sarah seemed to have recovered
  and she said brightly,  
"No. Some people have got no shame so it doesn't matter anyway!" she looked
  at Linda again and continued. "I was looking at the menu and I thought Linda
  was in the shower &ndash; but she wasn't &ndash; she was right behind me and
  she had one of her discipline helmets with her, it's leather and it's very
  soft and comfortable, but it's got a thick blindfold attached to it and pads
  over the ears and it's also got a pear. What they call a choke pear because
  it's pear shaped and leather and if you're not careful you can choke on it.
  And before I knew what was going on, she'd pulled the helmet over my head,
  stuffed the pear into my mouth, held it in place with a posture collar, that's
  a thick leather collar that holds your neck like a corset would your waist,
  and put handcuffs on me&hellip;you can imagine how comfortable I was&hellip;"  
Liz seemed to be imagining and she looked far from uncomfortable.  
"And what happened then?" she asked quietly,  
"Well once I'd got over the shock and at one point I was so frightened I
  thought I was going to pee myself&hellip;" She was interrupted by one word &ndash; "Bollocks" -
  said quietly but vehemently behind her. She whirled round to face her detractor.  
"I was frightened Linda! At first I was frightened witless. I honestly thought
  someone had broken in and I don't know what I thought might have happened to
  you!" Linda looked at her, at her earnest, hapless face and looked away, and
  then she looked back.  
"Yeah, okay but I told you it was me as soon as I could&hellip;"  
"Oh yes. Once I was handcuffed and hooded and gagged with that blooming great
  pear and unable to see anything and just about able to hear through those pads.
  And even then it was only when you'd started rubbing warm oil into my tits &hellip;" There
  was a stifled gasp.  
"Warm oil?" Liz looked directly into her eyes and Sarah's face softened.  
"Mmm. Warm oil. And she's warmed her hands first and then she smoothes it
  in, just touching my boobs lightly with her hands and it feels so luxurious
  and so nice and so relaxing&hellip; " Sarah's expression changed again, "And
  then I felt her hands somewhere else, somewhere they don't normally go until
  later, because she likes to tease me a bit first, and before I knew it there
  was something cold between my legs and she was locking that "thing" on me!"  
"What thing?" Liz was lighting another cigarette and Phil Bishop had just
  popped a small cigar into his mouth. Liz lit for both of them and stared at
  Sarah, "What thing? What did she put on you Sarah?"  
Linda met the Bishop's gaze with a little grin, it was obvious that Liz was
  doing her best to picture Sarah naked, handcuffed and hooded, then the Bishop
  saw Sarah's hands going to the hem of her skirt and inhaled deeply.  
"This is what she put on me Liz, I'm not wearing any knickers because there's
  no point!" the hubbub in the room seemed to stop as if an unseen Conductor
  had suddenly cut the air with his baton. Suddenly all eyes turned to Sarah
  who had her skirt hitched above her waist and was wearing below it just boots
  and a shiny stainless steel chastity belt with a tiny, matt black lock.  
*  
"Are you really going to use that?" Ally looked into the face of her captor
  who had steered her into what a looked like a small and surprisingly tidy maintenance
  room. Lady Heather took off her peaked cap and laid it carefully on a work
  bench,  
"How thoughtful! There's even a chair to sit on. And it looks quite clean!" She
  found a roll of tissue and dusted the seat lightly with it. Then she turned
  to Ally. "Tell me. Tell me honestly that you don't want me to, that you haven't
  been anticipating it since you saw my little friend here." She indicated the
  small leather tawse in her right hand." And I won't!" Ally looked at her in
  disbelief! The bitch! The complete and utter calculating bitch!  
 Damned if she did and damned if she didn't.  
She looked at Lady Heather. Looked at her idly slapping the tawse against
  the palm of her right hand. She tried to struggle, tried to raise her arms
  but they were pinioned tightly behind her back and Lady Heather was looking
  at her with an amused smile on her face.  
"Well Allison as you obviously can't tell me, it looks like I can proceed!" she
  walked forward and Ally stepped back but it was only a few steps before she
  felt solid wall behind her. There were wooden benches on either side and she
  knew that she was trapped.  
Heather approached her once more and this time she could smell her perfume.
  Strong and heady it smelt like "Poison" and all the feelings that she had experienced
  earlier came flooding back as the tall Mistress reached out a hand and, in
  one smooth movement, pulled down her trouser zipper and began to shrug them
  roughly past her knees.  
"Kick your shoes off Kiddo! Don't want you kicking me, do we?" Ally did as
  she was told; she kicked off her pumps so that she was now standing barefoot
  on the cold floor. Without ceremony Lady Heather pulled her trousers down to
  her ankles,  
"My, my, no panties... and what's this?" She bent down to examine Ally's
  rich bush of luxuriant pubic hair, "Mmmm, so you're pierced as well! I just
  LOVE labial piercings!" She stroked her fingers up and down Ally's pierced
  lips, " The Doctor never mentioned these!" Ally said nothing but she didn't
  take her eyes away from the attractive blonde.  
"Perhaps you didn't have them in at the time," She said thoughtfully. Ally
  remained silent, "Answer me dear, I'm not down here to talk to myself!" And
  although she said it quietly her face hardened just a little and she smoothed
  her hand upward, found the tiny ring through Ally's clitoris and gave it a
  hard tweak.  
"Ahh!" Ally rose up on her toes.  
"Oh come on! That doesn't really hurt does it? I wonder what it would be
  like if I sewed them tightly together for a few days, Miss Pearson? Or put
  a nice fine chain through them and some heavy silver padlocks, I mean, I guess
  I'd have to keep those little hands bound but it might be interesting&hellip;" She
  ran her fingers through Ally's bush once more and this time at least one slipped
  in between her moist lips. Her face broke into an enormous smile "Oh Allison
  you really are becoming quite damp not to say SOAKING!!"  
Her voice seemed to echo round the small workroom.  
"Well now, not telling that NICE Doctor Chaudhari that you had a pierced
  puss seems as good a reason as any to punish you, doesn't it sweetheart?" Ally's
  pulse was racing and she was all undressed with nowhere to go.  
Lady Heather was easing herself upright.  
"Now honey, everybody down here SHOULD have gone home, but we can't afford
  to take any chances!" She reached into her pants pocket and bought out what
  appeared to be a leather strap. A leather strap with something in the middle &ndash; a
  large, round, blue ball. "Gonna open for me honey?" There was silence. "Or
  do I have to pull on that little clit again?" Reluctantly Ally opened her mouth
  and allowed Lady Heather to push the ball gag firmly inside. She then raised
  her face, held it in both hands for a few seconds and said,  
"I think this is going to do as much for you as it will for me." And then
  buckled it tightly behind her head, being careful to keep her hair out of the
  way as she did so. She stepped delicately away from Allison and seated herself
  on the chair that she had dusted earlier. She beckoned Ally forward.  
"Now these are the rules hon. That big ball should quieten you down but you'll
  still be able to talk &ndash; a little. Now apart from counting every stroke
  I give you with my little tawse here, I only want to hear one other thing,
  okay?" Ally stared. Lady Heather stood up and reached out her hand as if toward
  Ally's clitoris. "Is that okay Allison?" She enquired a little more loudly.  
Allison nodded her head. It felt as if every muscle in her body was trying
  to go into spasm. She felt so helpless. So servile. So deliciously humiliated,
  standing there, naked from the waist down, ball gagged and with her hands cuffed
  behind her.  
The Mistress smiled.  
"Good! Now the only other thing I want to hear is your safe word Ally. Your
  safe word is red. The colour red. Got that? " Ally nodded yes. &quot;And the
  only time I want to hear that safe word is if I'm hurting you too much. Not
  if I hurt you, because my little friend here DOES hurt, but only if I hurt
  you too much, understand?" Allison nodded again.  
"Good girl. Now get your ass over here, get over my lap and start counting!" And
  as soon as Ally was prostrate over Lady Heather's lap a series of sharp slaps
  began to echo around the small room.  
*  
He could not believe what was happening. Sheila had never made any secret
  of the fact that she had an oral fixation and although he was reluctant at
  first, for a number of reasons, (She had referred to him at the time as being
  the only man in the world who didn't know when he was well off!); he had soon
  become accustomed to it. But he had never ever expected this.  
Not only was there someone else in the room with them. Admittedly someone
  who was, to all intents and purposes, blind deaf and dumb. But they both knew
  that they were being constantly watched and monitored by the spy cams in the
  box and in Bandy/Allison's discarded helmet.  
None of this seemed to deter Sheila, in fact it seemed to be motivating her
  and even now she was on her knees, at his feet, rubbing her soft cheek against
  his rapidly burgeoning manhood and pulling lightly at the zipper of his grey
  fatigues. An inch and then another inch and then more cheek rubbing and he
  really wanted to tell her to stop but the events of the morning so far meant
  that he was begin to feel just as needy as she was professing to be and he
  prepared himself for the inevitable and put his head back and closed his eyes &hellip;  
And she was gone.  
He opened his eyes and she was behind him with a triumphant look on her face
  and in her hand she had some insulating tape and a pair of scissors and before
  he could say anything she was scrabbling forward on her knees, back through
  his wide-open legs and over to the box. And she already had two pieces of tape
  cut and was plastering them over the small lens halfway down the left hand
  side.  
Then she was standing up and the image of that little Jack Russell jumped
  into his mind again. The little terrier worrying away, looking for more spy
  cams. She quickly found the one on the opposite side and then she was motioning
  to him. Pointing to the stereo behind him, making turning motions.  
ON! She wanted the stereo on. If the stereo were on then the microphones
  that were evidently spying on them along with the tiny cameras would pick up
  the music rather than their speech and if the spy cams were disabled with tape&hellip;then
  none of it would work. Bandy's controllers would be as deaf and dumb as blind
  as Bandy herself.  
She had picked up the two halves of Bandy's Helmet and was studying something
  inside it, whilst he had made his way over to the stereo and switched on the
  CD player. He saw her wince because they had both remembered, at the same time,
  that the CD he had left in there just happened to be "The Best Prog. Rock Album
  in the World &ndash; Ever!" But fortunately for him the first track was "Killer" by
  Van der Graaf Generator, which she happened to approve of and as the saxophones
  flared and she plastered the last piece of tape over the fibreglass helmet,
  she almost ran over to him and pinned him to the wall.  
"Oh I really want to FUCK right now!&quot; She sounded like a heroin addict
  who didn't know where her next fix was coming from. He wrapped his arms around
  her and smiled and hugged her to him.  
"Much as I would like to&hellip;" But she stopped him. Stopped him with a
  light kiss on the lips  
.  
"I Know! I Know!" She turned her attention to the rubber doll standing motionless
  behind them, and then she looked back at him with a thoughtful expression on
  her face.  
"So she's our little, rubber, sex slave is she? And we've got her controls
  now and they can't see what we're doing&hellip;can they?"  
His mind was just ahead of hers as she broke away from him and headed purposefully
  toward Bandy and she had the controls in her hand before he could shout or
  warn her or Bandy or in fact do anything and already things that appeared to
  be inside the rubber mannequin were beginning to hum and already the rock steady
  motionless rubber doll was beginning to shake violently and small stifled moans
  were beginning to escape from her sealed lips.  
TO BE CONTINUED.   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER SIX  
   
Liz Fisher stared at Sarah in amazement, though it seemed to the assembled
  company as if that wasn't the only emotion she was experiencing right then.
  She looked at Linda semi-accusingly but Linda had been looked at like that
  before. She turned back to Sarah and said quietly,  
"Would you be prepared to talk about this &ndash; on camera?"  
Linda looked at her for what seemed a very long time and then finally she
  said,  
"Put your skirt down, it looks like you're advertising."  
Sarah's face reddened,  
"Fuck off Linda. Fuck off and leave me alone!"  
 Phil Bishop was still smiling.  
"Well if you want my opinion Sarah," He said, taking a long slow puff on
  his cigar, "The opinion of a lecherous old git and someone who's old enough
  to know better, then I'd say that you look wonderful and if Lady Heather wasn't
  around I'd make you a permanent fixture. In fact I might even give you time
  off for good behaviour!" He gave her an enormous wink,  
 "And I also think that you're very lucky to have her Linda, to have someone
  who thinks about you and your pleasure as well and I also think that Linda's
  very lucky to have someone with her head screwed on the way yours is &ndash; if
  that makes any sense!" He turned to Liz  
 "And I also think it would be a good idea to interview them both and get
  both their opinions, because deep down I don't think that Sarah is quite as
  unhappy with things as she might appear, it's just the way it's been done.
  What was all that wise shit you were coming out with earlier, LADY Linda? About
  the need to consult and all that&hellip;"  
Liz looked round at a man hovering behind her with a steadicam.  
"Were we rolling Trevor? Did you get all that?" The man smiled through his
  camera.  
"Yup all of it, including Sarah's lovely legs!" Sarah looked at him sharply
  but he didn't appear to be joking. Liz now took centre stage.  
"Well what about it girls? I think it could be very interesting and I'm quite
  prepared to give you both final approval, if you agree&hellip;"  
Linda shook her head.  
"Reality television? Big Brother with whips and chains? The Osborne's with
  oral sex? Don't think so. Besides Sarah's a nurse, go down well with the NHS
  that would, wouldn't it?"  
Not quite so averse, Sarah looked at Liz encouragingly and then turned to
  Linda.  
"We could talk, we could try to make people see what we really do&hellip;"  
"Yeah and look like a coupla old dykes into the bargain?"  
"I don't look like a dyke and neither you do you and besides we, we&hellip;"  
"Both like a bit a cock from time to time? If I'm not mistaken, it was fuckin'
  cock that got us into this in the first place."  
"Are you talking about Roger, the House Officer, again?"  
"No I'm bloody not! I'm talking about that big rubber thing you shoved up
  me two weeks ago!"  
"Well you're in no position to talk because every time we go round to Sheila's
  it looks like you're trying to undress someone from the waist down!"  
"Who? Sheila?"  
"No, not Sheila you idiot. You've already done her, if the rumours are to
  be believed!"  
"Well who then?" And at the moment the penny finally dropped, "Oh you ARE
  joking?&hellip; El Wusso&hellip; the man who thinks Cunnilingus is an Irish
  Airline? GIVE me a break!"  
"Don't lie to me Linda, I've seen the way you look at him. And the only reason
  he isn't all over you like a rash is because of HER, because he loves HER,
  God knows why, but he does. But if ever SHE were out of the picture&hellip;"  
Linda scoffed,  
"Now you're just being paranoid&hellip;" She turned slowly to see Trevor
  and his camera hovering a few feet away from them. During their argument Liz
  had faded into the background. She was standing by the cup-covered coffee table
  watching them both. Linda jerked a thumb in the cameraman's direction. "&hellip;Is
  he still filming?" Liz shook her head.  
"Its just background."  
 Looking concerned, Linda steered Sarah out of the door and into the Hotel
  corridor, which was plusher than some of the places she had lived in as a child.  
"You don't want that going on the telly do ya?" She hissed at her partner
  when they were satisfied that the door was firmly closed and they could not
  be overheard.  
"Of course not!" Sarah. Ever bright and smiling.  
"Did you really mean what you just said?"  
"Not most of the time. No. Just sometimes."  
Linda furrowed her brow,  
"You're being daft!"  
 Smiling Sarah. Thoughtful, smiling, Sarah  
"And so are you if you think she doesn't want to use that video tape!" Thoughtful,
  smiling, kind, Sarah. "&hellip; And so is she if she thinks I'm going to let
  her!"  
*  
"Dom1 to control. Dom1 to control. Do you copy?"  
"Copy you relatively loud and clear my sweet. Like to inform me of your whereabouts
  and why you appear to be whispering?"  
"Listen Bishop we're close to the mezzanine, is Niles around?"  
Suddenly Phil Bishop and his wife Lady Heather were whispering like a pair
  of conspirators.  
"Niles is out there somewhere, like the truth, with his little Nikon digital.
  Why do you ask? Over."  
"Because if he finds me now, he can get some great pictures for the web cast!"  
Standing just behind her, with her hands still cuffed, Ally tried to pull
  a face but it was difficult with the bloody great gag that filled her mouth
  and prevented sensible speech. Her bottom hurt too. But it was a satisfying
  hurt. A warm glow almost.  
Gomez and Morticia! That was who they reminded her of. The Addams family
  personified. She had met with The Bishop several times and had only spoken
  to Lady Heather on the phone but the bond between them was tangible. They knew
  of the Gomez/ Morticia thing because it had been mentioned before and she also
  knew that they tended to play up to it when there was an audience, but there
  was little doubt in her mind that The Bishop would gladly die for Lady Heather
  if he had to and vice versa.  
"And does young Allison agree to this without coercion or threats to her
  person my love?" The Bishop knew his wife, knew her to be a little over exuberant
  at times but basically to be the most sensible and practical person he had
  ever met, about most things.  
Lady Heather chuckled.  
"Of course she does! In fact it was her idea! She's nodding her head right
  now and because I was feeling particularly magnanimous I've let her keep her
  pants on, because SHE wanted me to lead her out like a dog on a leash, stark
  Pollock naked!" Bishop was unaware of a presence behind him until a hand reached
  out and gently removed the walkie-talkie from his grasp.  
"Oi! Fancy pants! The word is BOLLOCKS, not POLLOCKS!"  
 The voice that came back at them was full of icy disdain and mock English  
"I say Bishop is that the hired help?" The walkie-talkie changed hands again.  
"Lady Heather. Hi! It's Sarah; I'm looking forward to meeting you. Is Allison
  okay?"  
"Hey Sarah! We're fine. Didn't think the hotel would be too pleased about
  her being naked though. We've got about two minutes max before we're rumbled.
  Oh and tell Bitchipoo that the wardens have just booked her broom!"  
 It was true. Ally HAD wanted to be led out naked, but the hotel manager
  had been very good to them and Lady Heather had felt that much as she would
  have enjoyed it and much as it would have fulfilled Allison's fantasy, there
  was always another time and another place. One of the big conventions in Vegas
  might well be more liberal about the whole thing &ndash; but not right now.  
They edged out of the stairwell together, co-conspirators, Lady Heather looking
  around, not desperately but maybe a little feverishly for Niles. The Bishop
  had not actually told anybody what was happening but he had made an announcement
  on his web site that there would be a web cast tonight at approximately 01.00
  EST and that more would follow over the next few days.  
*  
It had to be said that Niles Morgan didn't necessarily look the way you might
  expect a Niles to look. Dark haired, broad shouldered and thickset, a one time
  pro footballer, just after college and before his knee collapsed irreparably,
  he was currently dressed in black jeans and tee shirt and he appeared to be
  roaming the hotel aimlessly. He could feel his mobile vibrating in his pocket.  
"Hi Bish! Whassup!"  
"Mezzanine floor near the lifts, er, elevators to you. One policewoman and
  one handcuffed and gagged cutie. Get as many pictures as you can and then make
  sure they get up here safely. Oh and Niles, no nudity, ok? Our cutie has a
  fantasy about being led around naked and I know your penchant for the female
  form. I would like to leave this country with my reputation unsullied just
  for once!"  
In his mind Niles stood to attention, threw The Bishop a salute and shouted:  
"Yessir, Mr. Bishop SIRRRR!" But in reality he said;  
"Okay Phil. Maybe we can do some later."  
And as the Bishop was saying:  
"You bet your ass!"  
 Niles Morgan was returning his phone to his pocket and starting to jog gently
  toward the lifts trying as best he could to keep his weight off his rickety
  left knee.  
*  
"What kept you? We're not exactly hard to notice!"  
"And "Hi" to you to. How ya doin?" But the small talk masked, as always,
  Niles' professionalism. Already he was on one knee, the good one, and already
  he was framing shots of the tall, shapely policewoman, looking stern and authoritative
  and her far from cowed captive who didn't exactly look upset to be there.  
"Walk towards me! Towards me, that's good. Hey Lady Aitch! You wanna unbutton
  that blouse a little. Oh wow that's good. That's really good. Haven't seen
  those puppies like that for some time! And how about our "prisoner"? Hey, hey
  just a glimpse. Always leave 'em wanting more! Yeah I know she's not exactly
  fighting but The Master said no nudity!"  
Niles had come into photography by accident and he was a natural. He would
  not dream of saying the things that he did normally but when he was lining
  up shots it was whatever came into his head. And he stood back now against
  the Mezzanine rail and took shot after shot, framing both girls against the
  glass lifts as they walked proudly past him.  
"Fuck!"  
He wasn't sure if it was him or Lady Heather who said it first but on the
  opposite side and just getting their bearings were two uniformed security guards,
  the ones who had followed them earlier and their objective had to be just one
  thing &ndash; them.  
"They must have picked us up on the security cameras!&quot; Niles looked
  desperately around him. "The stairs! We'll get to the suite, hide Allison and
  worry about everything else later!"  
Showing a surprising turn of speed for someone so tall, Lady Heather grasped
  Ally by the arm causing her to let out a little squeal through her gag, whilst
  Niles gripped the other arm and they both propelled the helpless girl toward
  the stairs.  
*  
"Right now hold still! Hold still! You know sometimes I despair of you, you
  know that don't ya?"  
Sarah looked down at the woman kneeling between her inner thighs.  
"It's very sensitive down there and I'm not made of stone you know!" She
  said more than a trifle indignantly. "'Sides," A tad sniffily now, "You only
  had to give me the key and I'd have taken it off myself!"  
"Nope! " Said Linda shortly, showing all the signs of someone climbing on
  to their high horse, "I put it on, so I'll take the bloody thing off!"  
Sarah turned her attention to the panoramic view of London that was a feature
  of the bedroom as well as the rest of the suite,  
"Well at least I haven't got the hood and the handcuffs and the gag this
  time." She said quietly. Linda chuckled.  
"Don't you be so bleedin' sure! They've got enough restraints out there to
  keep a coupla elephants tight for a while and you wanna see some of the "toys" Bishop's
  been working on for Ally. You wouldn't moan about this then &ndash; believe
  me. He's built this thing that can give you an enema at ANY angle you like,
  even standing on your head if he wants and&hellip;"  
Sarah was already shaking her head.  
"Oh no. OH NO! I am telling you right now, Miss Bossy Boots, that that thing
  is not coming anywhere near me. Mind you," She said conspiratorially, "The
  workmanship's absolutely superb&hellip;OW!"  
Linda smiled to herself.  
"Sorry! Did I pinch you then? Now hold still!" There was a short grating
  noise as Linda offered the key up to the lock and twisted and then she took
  the chastity belt in both hands and lifted it gently away from Sarah's crotch.
  They both stared.  
"It's going to itch like buggery now!" Sarah said at last, "You really didn't
  have to shave me, you know."  
"Well think of it as revenge for all those unsuspectin' appendectomies you've
  shaved in the past!' And they both smiled at each other and Linda patted Sarah's
  smooth crotch. &quot;I like you like this anyway!&quot;  
"Any chance that I can have a look?" Said a voice they weren't expecting.
  Sarah dropped her skirt and Linda muttered something about the bloody woman
  being everywhere.  
"It's not as heavy as I was expecting." Said Liz Fisher weighing the stainless
  steel chastity belt in her hands. "And it's padded inside too!'  
"It's custom made for me by an American firm that Linda deals with," Sarah
  was still doing her best to be helpful. "See, most of it is drilled out so
  that it's not too heavy and the lock is made from a very light alloy, but for
  cleanliness you still have to use steel for the body."  
"And what's this?" Asked Liz almost teasingly.  
"Oh that!" Said Sarah looking at a small projection that stuck out just below
  the "waistband" of the belt, "Oh that's just an insert."  
"Oh is it?" The word "snotty" would best have described Liz's tone. "Do you
  know I could have sworn that it looks like a little" J" piece that might just,
  if you were careful, slide right inside some unsuspecting vagina and cause
  it a great deal of pleasure!" She looked at Sarah who was trying very hard
  not to blush, "And this piece here," She fondled, there was no other word for
  it, a small rounded "arm" that was fashioned to stick out at right angles to
  the J, "Looks as if it would cause more than a little pressure against and
  we're all women here, so I'm sure you'll all know what I mean, when I say,
  THE CLITORIS!" Sarah looked the other way but Linda was taking the belt from
  the producer and walking unhurriedly to the ensuite bathroom.  
"Spot on Liz, me old mucker. Give that woman a peanut!" Sarah tried hard
  not to smile. There was the sound of running water and then Linda emerged from
  the bathroom drying the belt in a large fluffy bath towel. She looked archly
  at Sarah who was already reaching into her handbag.  
"Do you know Sarah?" She began conversationally, &quot;One day we're gonna
  get stopped in the street and the Old Bill are gonna ask you some very awkward
  questions about why it is that you're walkin' around with a ball gag and a
  pair of German issue police handcuffs in yer bag!"  
Sarah smiled and she was no longer looking out of the window but training
  her eyes intently on Linda's movements whilst moving across the plush, well
  lit, bedroom toward Liz Fisher at the same time.  
Liz watched them. It was all she could do at first and when she realized
  that the two women blocked her only exit, her expression began to change and
  a little anxiety began to show.  
"So what you're saying is&hellip;" Sarah dropped the Louis Vuiton bag on
  the bed but she was still holding the handcuffs and ball gag in her hands.
  Liz noticed that it looked like a very big ball gag. "That it would be much
  better if I found another home for them." She looked across at Linda, satisfied
  that between them they were closing in on Liz in a pincer movement, "Right?"  
Just a few inches from Liz now, Linda nodded agreement.  
"And the best place that I can think of to keep 'em, is on some nosy fucking
  cow who won't take no for an answer!"  
It would be a one sided struggle.  
Linda was from the East End. The youngest of six, the other five being boys,
  she had had no option but to fight her way up and out of the Wapping tenements
  she had been brought up in. Sarah had been married to a gay husband who tried
  to abuse her when he was drunk, then in a relationship with a man who thought
  beating up women was a good idea until he met Sarah and now worked as a nursing
  Sister in the hardest Hospital in Hackney.  
Liz Fisher did not stand a chance but if she was frightened she didn't show
  it.  
"There's twenty people out there. All I've got to do is scream."  
"I don't think you'd do that Liz," said Sarah quietly, " Screaming isn't
  you. You're the boss round here. All the men do as you say, scream now and
  the least it's going to do is upset your ego one hell of a lot&hellip;"  
"Bastards!" She was cornered; Linda and Sarah were getting closer and closer.  
"What do you want?" Liz was becoming desperate now.  
"It's not what we want&hellip;" Linda was so close that she could smell Liz's
  perfume. Anais Anais? Or was it Rive Gauche?  
"No Liz, this is about what you want. This fascinates you doesn't it? And
  you want to know more&hellip;"  
"No! No, I don't! Let me out of here you pair of stupid cows!" She pushed
  Sarah who toppled against the bed but Linda grabbed her arm and Sarah recovered
  and pulled Liz struggling down onto the bed with her.  
"Let me go!" She tried to hit out but Linda parried the blow with one arm
  and before she could close her mouth Sarah had pushed the gag into it and was
  now buckling it, none to gently, behind Liz's head. She was still fighting
  but between them both girls managed to turn her over onto her front and while
  Linda pulled both her wrists together, Sarah slipped the handcuffs in place.  
She couldn't move her arms and she couldn't say much through the gag but
  she could still kick. She could still kick and she could still try to get up
  off the bed. The answer to that was simple. Sarah sat across her buttocks.
  Facing forward, towards her head.  
"Now Liz don't fight!" She didn't ruffle so much as tousle Liz's hair, the
  way you might a child who had just fallen over.  
 Linda was ferreting in her own bag now.  
"I think we should do her legs just in case. Take her boots off so she can't
  annoy the neighbours and I'll slip these on". She pulled out another pair of
  handcuffs.  
Sarah stroked her hair lightly, leaned forward and said,  
"We're not going to hurt you Liz, we just want to do something, now be a
  good girl and hold still!" Still breathing quite hard, she got off of her,
  moved down to the end of the bed and began to pull at Liz's boots. She wasn't
  wearing any socks underneath them.  
"Oh these are so sweet! Such sweet little feet!" Sarah couldn't help but
  trace an inquisitive finger around the soles. Liz whimpered and kicked as best
  she could but Linda had already locked the handcuffs around her ankles.  
"Come on silly bollocks!" She muttered, "Get her standing up so we can get
  this over and done with!"  
It was a forlorn looking Liz that eventually stood in front of them. Manacled,
  fettered and gagged, her mouth stuffed with an over large ball, barefoot, clothes
  rumpled and with more than a trace of redness in her cheeks.  
Whilst Sarah held her upright, Linda walked over to her and traced a finger
  down her face. Then she looked at her reflectively.  
"Lottsa women LIKE this you know. Lots of strong, business women. Gives 'em
  a chance to relax. They spend all day showing men they're better or at least
  as good as them and then they need a break. They need someone else to be the
  boss," She took Liz's face in both hands, "Someone who won't think any the
  worse of them." She whispered.  
For once, it was Sarah who was the impatient one.  
"Oh come on Linda, if she needs an agony aunt she can write to The Sun!"  
Linda smiled and touched Liz's cheek again.  
"Take no notice of 'er, she's jealous and she's got nothin' to be jealous
  about. Strictly business with me. 'cept I don't charge these days." And she
  leaned forward and kissed Liz Fisher gently on the cheek.  
Sarah was standing in front of her looking slightly indignant and holding
  the Chastity belt in her hands.  
"Have you disinfected this?&quot;  
"Course I have. There's some Dettol on the sink!"  
Still a little miffed Sarah stood in front of Liz now.  
"Right you hold her and I'll get her jeans down!" Sarah looked at Linda who
  had now taken the role of her friend and supporter. She looked at her plaintively,
  beseechingly&hellip;  
"S'allright Liz, already told you this ain't gonna hurt!" And she stood behind
  her and put her arms around her.  
"You're about the same size as me," Began Sarah, who was now kneeling on
  the floor, "And we HAVE made sure it's clean. Ordinarily we wouldn't use someone
  else's belt but these are unusual circumstances. Let's just get this zip down
  shall we?" Liz shook her head, shook her head over and over and over again.
  She was whimpering through her gag. Linda was afraid that she might start to
  hyperventilate and she cradled her in her arms like a baby, whilst Sarah was
  reaching for her jeans.  
"Phew! This button's a bit tight! Mind you I can't talk." Button undone,
  zip undone Sarah began to tug them down, what she exposed gave her even more
  to talk about.  
 "Mmm. A RED silk thong. Very nice. CK's are they? 'Course they are. Top
  telly producer like you wouldn't be shopping in M&amp;S now would you?" Something
  in Sarah's tone seemed to anger Liz and she squealed thorough her gag and tried
  to ineffectually kick at Sarah's head. Linda decided that it was time to intervene.  
"Okay Sarah that's enough now! You've 'ad your dig, now let it go, she can't
  fight back and you're not doing yerself any favours&hellip;"  
Sarah looked up at Linda. As a nurse she was used to taking and giving orders.
  As a nurse she was used to seeing sense&hellip;  
"Okay," And here she stood up and looked Liz straight in the face, "But you
  annoyed me Liz and you wanted to take advantage of us, so now you can see how
  it feels. See how it feels when it's sliding into YOUR vagina and rubbing against
  YOUR clitoris, I mean we're all girls together so it's alright to mention CLITORIS
  now isn't it?" They stood looking at each other. Liz looking slightly pathetic,
  Sarah now looking as if all the fight had suddenly gone out of her. She let
  the belt hang limply in one hand.  
"Oh sod it! I can't be bothered any more. She 's had her scare let's leave
  it at that&hellip;"  
Linda had a tendency not to take "no" for an answer.  
"Don't think that's going to be good enough now. Pull down her knickers," Surprisingly,
  Liz didn't struggle at the suggestion, "And see what we've got!"  
Something in Linda's tone intrigued her so Sarah dropped to her knees and
  unceremoniously dropped Liz's knickers down to hers.  
"Ooooh! She's shaved. Oh Linda she's smooth as a baby's bum!" She ran her
  fingers across Liz's puckered outer lips and almost by accident let one slip
  in between them. Linda noticed that Liz would not look at either of them and
  then Sarah gave a little gasp of disbelief.  
"Oh! She is soooo wet. Linda, the poor thing is absolutely soaking. Oh look!
  Her knees are starting to tremble now as well." Linda leaned forward and whispered
  in Liz's ear.  
"Our secret, okay? Neither Sarah nor Me will say anything! We're going to
  lock this on you and that should get you going even more. And WE'LL decide
  when it comes off. Don't worry I don't think it'll cause you too much grief,
  judging by the look of what we just saw. You can pee in it by the way, that's
  what the 'oles are for, just don't let anybody see, alright?"  
Red and shamefaced Liz rolled her eyes upward at Linda, stared backwards
  at her for a moment and then nodded her head. Then she closed her eyes for
  a few seconds only to open them again suddenly and give a little wail of surprise
  as Sarah eased the belt and its projections against her. Fearing she would
  scream, Linda held her tightly to her and covered her gagged mouth with her
  hand as Sarah locked Liz's new chastity belt firmly in place.  
*  
"My God! And which particular hounds of hell are after you three at the moment?"  
Phil Bishop opened the door to his wife the policewoman, his friend the photographer
  and a bound and gagged cutie who all appeared to be in various stages of distress.
  Niles was the first to speak, hands on hips, gulping in air,  
"Security! We've just run up nine flights a stairs!"  
 The Bishop closed the door as fast as he had opened it. One thing that his
  years in the business had taught him was to think on his feet. The hubbub coming
  from the various technicians and crew who were sitting around the suite waiting
  for action came to an abrupt halt. Phil Bishop thought fast and loose. He addressed
  the group who had made suite 1015 their home for the last day or so  
"People, is there any chance you can get out in the hallway and do filming
  type things and generally obstruct any security men who might be around?"  
Filming can, at times, be the most boring thing in the world. Glad of the
  break - an impromptu card school had broken out in one corner of the room -
  suddenly everyone present seemed to swing into action from sound men to make
  up artists, from wardrobe to gaffer and where the room had once been full,
  now only the Bishop, his three puffing cohorts and Angela, sometime model,
  sometime girlfriend of Niles and a Jill of all Trades, were left in the room
  as everybody else filed out into the corridor to go about their business.  
 The Bishop was still on his feet and still thinking.  
&quot;Angela, get young Ally into the bathroom, run her a bath and chuck
  her in it. No! Better still, get her under the shower! Water running, plenty
  of singing, that kind of thing Oh you'd better take her clothes off first!" Angela
  stopped and looked at him quizzically but Bishop had known her long enough
  to anticipate her query, "Yes of course together, just try not to get her too
  excited is all! Heather, give her the key to the cuffs then go to our bedroom
  and make yourself ready for bed! Suspenders, nylons, garter belt, five-inch
  heels, the works. Niles&hellip;hide! I don't care where you do it, or who you
  do it with, but for the time being I want you out of the way. Got me?"  
Niles was already disappearing through one of the connecting doors.  
*  
It was a considerably older and wiser Liz who emerged a few minutes later
  from the bedroom. She stepped through the door and then stopped abruptly.  
"Oh I can't do this&hellip;My whole fucking cunt is tingling! It feels like
  I'm on fire!"  
"Is it nice fire?" Asked Sarah who was standing next to her.  
"Yes it's nice fire!" She turned, narrowed her eyes and pointed an accusing
  finger at the Nursing Sister, "And if I'm ever alone with you, you bitch, you'd
  better watch your arse!"  
Suddenly a tall figure was stepping in between them.  
"That's enough you two&hellip;" Linda stopped and stared, "Where the fuck
  is everyone?"  
"They've all gone! It's like Day of the Triffids or something." Sarah. Looking
  bemused. Looking around.  
 "They'd better not have bloody gone. They're all on time and a half!" Liz.
  Reaching the coffee table. Picking up a packet of cigarettes and then throwing
  them down again.  
The lighting had changed too. It had gone from bright and obvious to dim
  and intimate. The curtains had been closed, the errant cups and saucers and
  plates collected and stacked neatly onto trays.  
"Aha! Nice of you to join our little soiree!" A figure emerged from the master
  bedroom wearing black shirt, silver tie and black jeans. The goatee beard flecked
  with silver making him look just a little satanic in the dull light.  
"Bishop! What the&hellip;?" Another figure appeared behind him. A figure
  who, to be fair, wasn't exactly dressed for business. At least not the sort
  of business that they might have expected.  
Shiny black open toed pumps over American Tan seamed stockings and something
  that looked like the original Playtex Girdle all in black and with a black
  bustier added for good measure, coal black panties and a black choker. Blonde
  hair elegantly coiffed. Large, expansive, but natural breasts&hellip;  
Sarah did it. Liz did it. The Bishop was used to it, but he did a double
  take all the same.  
An English voice said,  
"Fuck me! It's Jessica Rabbit!"  
An American voice said,  
"Better a rabbit, honey, than its droppings!"  
And Sarah who had been forewarned but still couldn't believe it said.  
"It's like one of those TV shows were the hero plays two parts; himself and
  the villain, or herself&hellip; or whatever&hellip;"  
And at that precise moment, without knocking or any other preamble whatsoever,
  two security guards burst into the room responding to reports of a kidnapped
  girl seen on the mezzanine floor.  
TO BE CONTINUED   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX   
CHAPTER SEVEN  
Ally hadn't been given much time to recover, one minute she was being dragged
  up nine flights of stairs with a ball gag in her mouth and her hands cuffed
  tightly behind her back, the next she was being led into an enormous shower
  with frosted glass instead of curtains and avocado coloured tiles, by an attractive
  young woman a few years older than herself with the cutest face she had ever
  seen, who seemed intent on taking all her clothes off.  
By the time she was breathing normally, the shower was running, billows of
  steam were coming out of it and she was perched on a kind of alcove with her
  shoes and trousers off and the young woman was, it appeared, taking off all
  of her clothes as well.  
Ally just knew in her heart of hearts that there must be a price to pay for
  all this but right now she was prepared to pay it gladly.  
Suddenly the young woman turned as if remembering that she was there and
  walked over to her. She had already taken off her shoes, her silk blouse was
  undone and her jeans were unzipped.  
"MMMMM MMMMPH!" The least she could do, Ally surmised, was to take out the
  gag so they could talk  
"Hey!" Her voice was quiet and even a little husky, "I'm Angela &ndash; Angie-
  and we don't have a lot of time. You'll get used to that when The Bishop's
  around and much as I'd like to chat, I've got to get you ready. Can you stand
  up?"  
"Uh huh." Ally eased herself into a standing position.  
"Good! Now keep your hands still." She felt the key entering the lock, she
  heard the ratchets, felt the cuffs suddenly become loose on her wrists. Felt
  the freedom and the disappointment.  
Despite the fact that she was naked from the waist down and Angie was in
  a state of partial undress the atmosphere remained business like.  
"No don't try to do anything. I'll do it for you. Your hands will be numb,
  I know the feeling!" And gently and delicately Angie undid her blouse, undid
  the cuffs, took off her waistcoat followed it with the blouse and then whispered, "Hands
  behind your back again."  
Ally was stunned.  
"Huh?"  
"S'alright!" Angie patted her cheek. "It's okay, I'm not going to hurt you,
  but I'm a little bit of a control freak!" She leant forward and kissed Ally
  on the cheek, "In the nicest possible way, and I don't get too many opportunities.
  Especially not with someone like you. Now, hands behind your back, please." Ally
  sighed. She wasn't a natural submissive. At least she didn't think she was
  and she could give as good as she got but suddenly everyone wanted to be in
  control of her.  
 What the hell!  
It wasn't causing her any problems right now, so she put her hands behind
  her back and tried not to drool through her gag as she felt the ratchets tighten
  once again and then watched as Angie took off the rest of her clothes and led
  her into the shower.  
*  
The Bishop stood next to his lingerie-clad wife and said,  
"I'm sorry darling, but that is the most pompous, bigheaded, oversexed prick
  I have ever met in my entire life!"  
"Bish, Bish, it's alright. Just calm down!"  
"Well if it's any 'elp,&quot; Said a voice to their right, "I don't think
  he should have called you a brass either, a hooker maybe, but not a brass,
  I mean he's gotta get his countries right!&quot;  
"Yes," Said another voice belonging to a plump fluffy blonde haired woman
  who was currently rubbing her left hand, &quot;And he had no right to call
  you a fucking whore!&quot; Further down the line another plump woman said;  
"You know, I really cannot believe this. I come out to do a simple night
  shoot and end up with something like Murder on the Orient Exfuckingspress!" She
  looked at the assembled crowd. "How many of you actually DID hit him?"  
"I was rather hoping your video tapes might be able to tell us that Ms.Fisher." Said
  a new voice, "I'm Charles Wright, the hotel manager &ndash; we've spoken at
  some length over the phone?"  
*  
The floor looked slippery but it wasn't, the tiles were spotlessly clean
  and decalcified regularly. The water looked boiling hot but it wasn't, the
  outside air was quite cool, causing more steam than was usual. The naked Angie
  looked far too much for Ally in her present state to handle&hellip; and she
  was.  
The moment they entered the shower she produced a blindfold. A thick padded
  leather blindfold that she buckled in place over Ally's eyes.  
"Told you I was a control freak!" She whispered into Ally's ear.  
 Then Ally felt something against her skin. It had to be some kind of shower
  gel judging by the smell. With no sight, her imagination ran riot. They were
  in a forest, under a warm waterfall. There was a smell of pine nuts and trees.
  She could almost imagine dried leaves scrunching under their bare feet.  
And everywhere it went the gel turned to lather and the lather was rubbed
  in by soft gentle hands. Teasing her. Tempting her. Relaxing her.  
Hands on her shoulders, rubbing the gel in, making it lather, covering her
  in foam.  
Hands everywhere.  
Hands on her back, tracing her tattoo.  
Hands on her arms, stroking downward with the grain of the tiny hairs that
  formed there.  
Hands on her neck.  
Hands that felt so very, very good. Taking away the tension. Taking away
  her cares and worries, such as they were, at that moment.  
Hands on her chest. Rubbing lightly against her nipples, cupping her breasts
  and helping the warm, warm, water to cascade over her.  
 Cascade over them both. Warming and relaxing like the gentle midday sun.  
She was literally in that forest. She could hear animal noises and smell
  forest smells and she could feel the warmth. The warmth in her body. The warmth
  in her companion's body. Her lovely naked companion.  
And she could feel the warmth somewhere else.  
A warm glow. A warm glow somewhere lower than her heart. The small of her
  back? Her pelvis? Her pussy? Or was it everywhere?  
That was probably more like it.  
And as the hands roamed lower, so the feelings moved higher. This wasn't
  just lust. She didn't just want to cum. She wanted to luxuriate in this feeling,
  in this warm inner glow. In this intense inner light that seemed to be radiating
  throughout her body.  
Her mind was perfectly clear apart from a pure haze of white light and she
  could feel everything. Absolutely everything. Her whole body, her whole soul,
  every pore of her skin was alive with feeling. The feeling of soft loving hands
  and of warm moist lips and it felt as if she was vibrating. It felt as if she
  were weightless and her whole body was somehow suspended in mid air.  
And it started at her toes and spread, as if in slow motion, through her
  feet and up her legs and into her body.  
Her lower body.  
Her upper body.  
Waves of pure white light, like a tide washing over her incessantly, one
  wave after the other. Wave after wave of pure unmitigated pleasure. Emanating
  not from her loins but from somewhere much, much, different.  
From her head.  
From the centre of her forehead, in fact.  
The mystical third eye that eastern religions relied on so much. And she
  could feel something rising. Rising from the small of her back.  
 Khundhalini.  
The mythical snake or serpent.  
The sexual energy held in everyone's spine. And it was rising higher and
  higher and higher.  
And all the time that mouth, that beautiful, gorgeous, mouth, was kissing.
  Kissing just above her naval. Kissing the third chakra. Kissing and caressing.  
She had heard the words "quiet storm" before and never really understood
  what they meant, but she did now. Still in the forest. Still under the waterfall.
  Still with the water pouring over her. Unable to speak or see. Unable to participate
  fully.  
 All Ally could do was let everything wash over her.  
 Everything.  
She didn't exist. Not in a real sense, not at that precise moment and it
  was that realisation that took her to the edge and beyond.  
The quiet storm!  
Raindrops splattering on her body. Thunder in the distance, coming closer
  and closer and a hot wet feeling between her legs and the thunder was louder
  and louder and her heart was beating faster and faster and her muscles were
  beginning to spasm, and the serpent was rising higher and higher and then came
  the explosion!  
The explosion that made her cry out through the gag that stifled her conscious
  speech.  
The explosion that made her come like she had never come before!  
*  
Being the only person not fully attired, Lady Heather had not been required
  in the manager's office and neither had the security guard who had sustained
  minor cuts and bruises and a severely damaged ego.  
Phil Bishop looked more than a little drained when he entered suite 1015
  followed by a film crew and various hangers on.  
"Well? Enquired Lady Heather anxiously. But Phil simply fell into an armchair
  and lay there looking beaten.  
"Well," Said Liz Fisher through gritted teeth, " Thanks to the parts of my
  video tapes that weren't fogged by some mysterious event earlier in the evening,
  your husband and his cronies will not be subject to a criminal investigation,
  because what is left of those tapes show the guard clearly being rude, clearly
  losing his temper, clearly informing you, Lady Heather, that you are nothing
  more than, quote, "a highly paid Old Brass", unquote, clearly referring to
  Ms Hutton as a "Fucking, Ponced Up Old Whore" and then, to add insult to injury,
  and the cause of all the problems, it clearly shows him, er, hitting the backside
  of you, Lady Heather and attempting to insinuate his hand into her, er, your,
  most private parts, as he walked past her without asking if he could look in
  the shower area!"  
She paused for effect and to light a cigarette, which she promptly left in
  the ashtray.  
"The fact that at that point he was then pounced upon by all and sundry is
  irrelevant. There is no tangible CCTV film of anyone being led gagged around
  the hotel because the same gremlin that got into my cameras also appears to
  have dogged the ones in the hotel and the incident with the bogus policewoman
  had been discussed and allowed by the management in previous discussions. The
  fact that a film crew were present being enough to encourage people to assume
  that what was happening was purely for entertainment purposes only!"  
Liz picked up the cigarette again, looked at it briefly and returned it to
  the ashtray.  
"The guard has been suspended pending an investigation, we have received
  a full and unequivocal apology for his unfortunate actions and have been invited
  to stay for the next two nights or as long as we need to continue our filming
  at the expense of the hotel!&quot; And here her eyes narrowed and she picked
  up the cigarette and drew on it long and hard,  
"But let me tell you Mr Bishop that I have suffered here today on several
  counts, most of which I do not intend to go into but if anything else goes
  wrong, I give you fair warning that Taurus Television will pull out without
  further consultation, as per clause 17 in our contract!" And with that she
  left the room.  
"Well I don't know about you Bish but I'd call that a definite flounce!" Lady
  Heather gazed after her for a few seconds and then two pairs of eyes turned
  slowly towards Linda and Sarah.  
The Bishop's grin was almost evil.  
"So she suffered did she? And how exactly did she suffer I wonder? And could
  it possibly have been something to do with what happened earlier?" He turned
  to a mystified Lady Heather, "Don't worry my love. I'll fill you in later,
  because I don't think these two will talk without thumbscrews in the foreseeable
  future!" And then his eyes shifted towards the door. "I wonder where Niles
  is right now? D'you know he was showing me this very interesting piece of kit
  that he'd picked up earlier. It's a tiny hand held degausser. Perfect for erasing
  videotapes. I wonder where he's been all evening?"  
TO BE CONTINUED   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER EIGHT  
If the others had problems, then how did Linda Hutton feel when she was talking
  to "herself"? Or vice versa?  
Odd would probably be the best way to describe it. Their eye and hair colour
  were different and their noses had been altered. Lady Heather had fallen from
  a horse when she was young and Linda, well, Linda had simply had hers broken
  a long time ago.  
They stood now in the hotel car park on a wet night in October with the wind
  whipping around them.  
"You know, all Sarah can do is look at you look at you and say "two peas
  out of the same pod" and shake her head!"  
"I know, I caught her staring at me in the elevator, I swear she was looking
  at my roots! And I get emails from people who've come across your web site
  and say "Hey! What happened to Bishop &ndash; you finally dump him?"  
Linda's face changed,  
"How is he?"  
Lady Heather smiled.  
"He still talks about you sometimes and I don't ask," Linda smiled, "but
  he's fine! Doctor says he's got a slight heart murmur, nothing desperate and
  I've cut him down to five cigars a day&hellip;"  
"Does he listen?"  
"Most of the time. There's only one Master in our house you know&hellip;" And
  she smiled briefly and then her face changed, "Linda is this gonna work? Only
  I have this feeling that we could fall flat on our&hellip;"  
"&hellip;arses?"  
"Uh huh."  
"Dunno! No feelings either way."  
"That producer's pretty pissed with you, what DID you do to her?"  
Linda smiled, looked past Lady Heather and saw The Bishop and Sarah pushing
  a wheelchair between them.  
"I'll tell ya later, when she's a bit happier, I'm sharing a car with her,
  don't forget," She touched Lady Heather lightly on the shoulder, "Like the
  outfit! Take it steady and we'll be fine, see ya soon!"  
*  
The Bishop was in full flow as He and Sarah guided the wheelchair and its
  hapless occupant across the wet tarmac.  
"See Sarah, this is the Bishop, "Helpless Chick Transporter Mark 3". There
  have been others but none that keep the little cutie quite so "nailed down" as
  this one. And...&quot; Here he looked at Sarah with more than a twinkle in
  his eye, "It doesn't work with only the younger "Damsels in Distress" either,
  it is also very effective with the More Mature Lady&hellip;"  
Sarah's faced creased into a huge smile and she slapped his hand.  
"No Bishop! You're not getting me in that thing, not even for a test run!"  
The Bishop looked crestfallen,  
"Not even if Linda's around to protect you from the likes of me?"  
"Especially not if Linda's around, " She said wryly and then as an afterthought,
  as she slowly shook her head, "Linda and a bondage wheelchair&hellip; it doesn't
  even bear thinking about!"  
*  
Well, her mouth was free for the first time in a while but the rest of her
  wasn't. She felt like she was in a warm cocoon, a warm and comfortable cocoon
  and she wasn't alone either. She felt a kiss on the cheek.  
"Hi sleepy head,"  
 And a hand over her mouth.  
 Angela.  
 A dressed Angela, well, jeans and blouse, barefoot, hair ruffled and barely
  dry, but dressed all the same Angela.  
 Finger to her lips.  
 "Shush!"  
 Hand away from mouth.  
Ally interpreted this as "permission to speak, but do it quietly."  
She did.  
"What time is it?  
"Oh, ten after eight."  
"Have you been here all the time?"  
"Uh huh. The Bishop told me to look after you and that's what I'm doing!" Suddenly
  Angela eased herself against her and took her in her arms, "Am I doing okay?"  
In the face of such studied naivet&eacute; Ally could only smile.  
"Why can't I move and why are we whispering?" She asked weakly.  
Angela checked the items off on the fingers of one hand.  
"We're whispering because, ONE: You're not supposed to be here and TWO; there
  is one HECK of a row going on outside, which, THREE: you're partly responsible
  for!" She paused for a moment, "But then so are Lady Heather and Niles as well!" Ally
  let this sink in.  
 She remembered the frantic flight up the stairs. She remembered being dragged
  into the suite. She remembered the curious or not so curious gazes of a lot
  of people who seemed to have nothing better to do than drink coffee and then
  she remembered the shower and&hellip;.and &hellip;and now they were in a very
  comfortable bed in a darkened bedroom and they were whispering and she couldn't
  move. She tried to look down at herself but she couldn't even do that.  
Angela giggled and stroked her tummy.  
"You're in Bishop's Bondage Bag. He made one for Lady Heather, a BIG one
  and he made one for me for a shoot." She cuddled closer to Ally.  
"I suppose it would be a fair bet that I'm naked under this?" She said  
"Oh yeah!" Angela giggled and hugged her closer, " And I got some nail polish
  remover and cleaned your fingers and toenails, "Bishop says you've got a lot
  more to come off, but he didn't explain!"  
He had explained it to Ally though, on the first evening that they met.  
"No! I don't suppose he did." She smiled ruefully and then beamed her best
  winning smile at Angela, "So what exactly is this "Bondage Bag?"."  
Angela was still holding her. In fact Angela now had both her hands resting
  on Ally's bottom &ndash; a very sensitive and erotic spot for her.  
"Well, it's like a sleeping bag but the outside is black PVC so it looks
  good and the inside is so, so, soft and comfortable, but it's got sleeves.
  Sleeves that we zip your arms and legs into so that you can't move them and
  mittens for your little fingers so that you can't get yourself out. Then we
  just zip the whole thing up and zip that big collar all around your neck so
  you can't move your head much and that's it, apart from the straps, I mean
  they go around your whole body but I didn't think we'd need those&hellip;"  
"So that's it?"  
As if that wasn't enough!  
"Yeah. That's it&hellip;.Although&hellip;"  
Ally was somehow expecting this. Bishop was a man who seemed to think in
  afterthoughts. Nothing was ever straightforward with him. There was always
  a trick in the tail.  
Ally banged her head against the soft, luxurious pillow.  
"Go on&hellip;" She said resignedly,  
"Well, it's only the inserts&hellip;"  
Ally rolled her eyes heavenward.  
"What &hellip;inserts?" She said slowly  
"Oh you know, the usual ones. The ones that go in your pussy and &hellip;"  
But Ally had been doing a random audit of her body parts.  
"There's no inserts in my pussy and there definitely isn't one in&hellip;"  
Angela rolled on top of her and in her hand was a small plastic box with
  a long lead attached to it.  
"No silly!" She kissed her on the cheek "We didn't have time for them. But
  we DID have time for this. In fact I just made sure they were stuck on properly&hellip;" A
  random thought had Ally wondering if Angela had ever been allowed to drive
  a vehicle but she ignored it.  
"You made sure WHAT was stuck on properly?"  
Angela grinned coquettishly.  
"Oh, now that would be telling and besides you'll find out when I've done
  this." It wasn't exactly with horror that Ally looked down as best she could
  and saw Angela unzipping her jeans. She tended to take it as a complement these
  days and she guessed that her tongue piercing helped. But she was more than
  a little shocked when she saw what Angela was really doing.  
"You were so good in the shower," She pouted, "So, so, good. So, so, helpless.
  And I told you that I'm a bit of a control freak and you made me so wet, 'cos
  you look kinda weird, but you're cute and even now I'm really wet just thinking
  about it! So I didn't put my panties back on exactly &ndash; I've just had
  them against my pussy and they've been soaking up everything that's been running
  out&hellip;" So husky, so breathy, so downright dirty and absolutely unbelievable
  that Ally almost shook her head. But the closeness of her. The sheer physical
  closeness and the fact that she had to be telling the truth was sending shivers
  like mild electric shocks through Ally's body. If only she had known.  
"So now," If it were at all possible, Angela's voice was even huskier and
  breathier than before, "Now that I've got you just how I want you&hellip;" Her
  right hand was moving down between her legs again, "I can take these&hellip;" Her
  hand was now visible again and it was holding a pair of silky, black, lace
  edged, panties. Panties that even in the dim light looked somehow glistening,
  somehow wet. "&hellip; and I just know that you're going to open up for me
  aren't you?"  
And the terrible thing was that she did. Without any further asking or cajoling,
  Ally automatically opened up her mouth and engulfed the warm ripe panties as
  they were pushed gently inside.  
At once she bit down on them. As if she were biting into a steak. As if she
  were hungry for them and as her lips closed so Angela very obligingly sealed
  them with some thick, grey and very, very sticky duct tape that she had been
  concealing under her pillow.  
One strip straight across and then Angela's hand was on top of it. Warming
  it. Sealing it in place. Comforting. Exciting. Ally's eyes bulged. Not through
  fear or terror but just from the sheer excitement of it all.  
Angela. Dear cute little Angela. Named after an angel. Angela was in control.
  Total control.  
That little girl voice and those arch mannerisms were just her camouflage.
  Angela was clever. And Angela really did like to be in control. Perhaps not
  all the time. Perhaps only with her own sex. But she did. She really did.  
A ripping noise.  
Another piece of tape. Diagonally this time. And the hand again. That warm
  comforting hand. She could lay there all night with that hand over her mouth.
  And then it was gone  
Ally could hear her humming a little tune as she tore off the third piece
  and placed it gently and diagonally again over the second and this time her
  hand stayed there a lot longer. Moulding and firming. And then a voice whispered.  
"You like that don't you?" Automatically Ally nodded, "I know! So do I. It
  feels so good! You feel so&hellip;controlled." Very slowly Angela took her
  hand away and then she whispered into Ally's ear.  
"Now I'm going to control you just a little bit more!" She pressed a button
  on the remote control in her hand. Ally felt it straight away. A strange feeling.
  A feeling that she was no longer in control of her body.  
 That parts of her were going into spasm.  
She began to panic but she looked at Angela and into her deep green eyes.
  There was concern there. Excitement too but concern as well. Ally forced herself
  to believe that this was no psychopath and then she remembered The Bishop and
  the argument that had apparently been going on outside and she remembered Linda
  and Lady Heather and Sarah&hellip;  
There was a hand against her cheek.  
"Hey! Hey! You're sweating. Don't be frightened baby! Don't be frightened!
  You know those Abs Belts that tone up your muscles while your sitting down?
  Well that's all this is really. But I've stuck the pads on that cute little
  ass of yours and all it does is send a pulse into your muscles", She pressed
  the remote again, "See? Feels really weird doesn't it.  
And this time Ally was able to relax a little as she felt her basic motor
  functions being overridden, and how strange it felt as her backside began to
  wobble like jello and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Slowly, very
  slowly, the feelings and the vibration began to spread. Began to spread to
  the front of her body. And she could almost feel the pulses transmitting themselves
  through the rings of her pierced labia.  
What had Anglea said earlier? She had her just where she wanted her? Well
  as she closed her eyes and began to moan softly and she felt Angela's cool
  hand on her forehead, she knew right then that Angela was right.  
*  
It was going to be a cold night and an even colder morning. Already frost
  was beginning to form on the cars in the almost deserted car park. Collar up
  against the cold, hands in pockets, Linda hurried toward the small, metallic
  silver vehicle with it's engine running, pumping out steam into the cold air
  from its exhaust, security lights clicking into life and illuminating her path
  as she made her way steadily towards it  
She ducked down to identify the driver who leaned across to swing the offside
  door open and eased herself inside. The seat had been set as far back as it
  would go as if the driver had prepared it for her. She had half expected it
  to be pushed all the way forward however, unsurprisingly; the atmosphere inside
  the car was far, far, frostier than it could possibly be outside.  
"Well?"  
 Linda resisted the urge to say, "Yes thanks!"  
 Liz was without a topcoat but she had a scarf round her neck and sheepskin
  mittens on her hands.  
"You gonna drive all right with them on?" It was said with the intention
  of needling her more than anything else.  
 It succeeded.  
"Yes thank you." Was the cool reply. "No worse than I will with this fucking
  monstrosity I've got locked on to me and this, this THING that's currently
  invading my, my&hellip;"  
"You called it your cunt earlier on." Said Linda amiably. If she had had
  any, then a vein would definitely have stood out on Liz's forehead.  
"Right now, " She said, staring hard at Linda, "I'm inclined to think that
  the only CUNT in here is YOU!"  
"Oh!" Said Linda mildly, "So you won't be interested in this then". She was
  holding something in a well-manicured hand. A hand whose nails had not been
  bitten for many years, unlike Liz's.  
"What is it?" She said disdainfully, regarding the slim silver object as
  if it were some kind of rodent dropping.  
"Oh just something that keeps Sarah amused when she's locked up!" Linda flicked
  the top as if it were a cigarette lighter and the results were instantaneous.  
Liz's stomach contracted. She drew a sharp breath and her eyes closed for
  a second. She opened and then closed her legs and she clutched at the steering
  wheel.  
"What's the matter?" Enquired Linda innocently, "Indigestion? Or is it wind?
  You know," She said, more to herself than to anyone else, "Sometimes there's
  nothing better than a good fart! Open yer shirt, undo yer jeans, and just let
  rip!"  
Liz was beyond listening.  
The thing inside her was beginning to vibrate. Was it a vibration? It seemed,
  somehow, to be more of a sound than a feeling. An ululation welling up inside
  her. Like the cry of some kind of demented Banshee desperate to get out. But
  she wasn't desperate to lose this feeling. The only problem was sharing it.  
If she could be at home right now in her comfortable flat overlooking the
  Thames, if she could be curled up that in big comfortable bed with the silky
  satin sheets, the ones she saved for her days off, in those soft raw silk pyjamas,
  freshly bathed and smelling of soap and bath oil, her legs shaved and fresh
  sliding against one another, fingers and toenails painted some exotic colour
  with this gently but persistent feeling whirring softly away between her legs
  and spreading out through her stomach&hellip;.  
But she wasn't.  
She was sitting in a car with, with, HER!  
"Turn it off!"  
"Excuse me?"  
"Turn it off! What's the matter don't you understand English any more?" The
  whole of Liz's abdomen seemed to go into spasm as Linda turned up the power.
  Not a painful spasm by any means. But the most blindingly beautiful, soothing
  and exhilarating spasm she had ever experienced. "Stop being a cunt and turn
  it off for Chrissake!"  
Linda looked at her through the rear view mirror.  
"What's the matter? Don't you like it?"  
Liz fought back the urge to moan. She also had a very strange desire right
  then and there. She wanted to kiss Linda. There was so much affection and love
  being whipped up inside her body that she needed an outlet. Someone to transfer
  it on to. Linda would not, under normal circumstances, be her first choice,
  but she was nearest.  
She was starting to double up under the strain. She gripped the steering
  wheel as hard as she could and said something that she definitely didn't mean.  
"Turn this fucking thing off bitch or so help me&hellip;!"  
Later she would know why she said and it WAS to provoke and she DID get the
  reaction that she wanted.  
Slowly, very slowly, Liz started to raise her hands off the steering wheel
  and then one shot forward to try to snatch the silver control from Linda's
  grasp but, not surprisingly, Linda was too quick for her. In one swift movement
  she had dropped the control into her pocket, had picked her bag up from the
  floor and was already fastening the ubiquitous pair of handcuffs onto Liz's
  wrists.  
Even though she was being twisted in her seat and having her arms wrenched
  behind her back Liz was in no mood to struggle, but she did manage to shake
  her head in despair.  
"I don't believe you, woman! Everyone else carries lipstick and tampons in
  their bag &ndash; you've got half a fucking dungeon in yours!"  
Satisfied that she was secure Linda pushed her, a little roughly and deliberately
  so, into her seat. She now took the ball gag out of her bag and waved it slowly
  in front of Liz.  
"Now, do I have to use this?"  
Liz shook her head.  
"No! No you don't. We're out in the bloody street! Someone will see us. Think
  I'm being kidnapped and then what happens? It'll look good when I'm searched
  like this won't it? Aaaaaaaaah. Oh God! Either turn the fucker down or finish
  me off and I don't care if George W Bush himself is watching."  
Linda smiled and there was more than a little triumph in her expression  
"So we finally got there! Liz looked petulant.  
"Where?"  
"To you admitting something. Remember what the man used to say in those adverts?
  - "It's good to talk.""  
"I worked on them when I was just starting out. He reminds me of you actually;
  only I'd say that of the two, you were probably the more masculine! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
  Oh you bitch! You fucking rotten bitch&hellip; I really thought I was going
  to then!"  
Despite the coldness of the night Liz was sweating.  
Linda leaned over until Liz could feel her warm minty breath against her
  cheek.  
"Listen to me Lizzie," She said quietly; "You won't get anything until you
  talk to me nicely. Until you ASK me for things. Like permission to come. Do
  you understand?"  
Liz's spine tingled. It felt as if a million ants were crawling all over
  her body. As if her hair was trying to rise up off the top of her head. She
  stared at Linda not in disbelief but in sheer wonder. And then suddenly all
  her feeling, all those nerve endings that had been on high alert, pitched drastically
  downward.  
Off.  
 She had turned it off. The tingling still remained but she had turned it
  off. Liz didn't know whether to laugh or cry and then someone tapped on the
  car window.  
*  
"Angela must you take everything I say quite so literally?" The Bishop stood
  in the bedroom framed in the light from the main suite.  
Angela did her best to look innocent.  
"But you told me to look after her!" Phil Bishop sighed.  
"I know what I said and so do you and the Marilyn Monroe impression will
  NOT work with me every time young lady, I must say though, that our cutie does
  look rather&hellip;CUTE?"  
Lady Heather bustled in still in her night attire.  
"Poor thing she's been tied up half the evening&hellip;"  
"Well she's going to be tied up a lot longer than that," The Bishop drew
  a sharp breath, "That's if she still wants to of course&hellip;"  
Lady Heather smiled,  
"Well perhaps we'd better not untie her all the way then!" She partially
  unzipped the bag and reached her hand inside, "I'll just take off these pads,
  now just hold still sweetie, this is going to tickle a bit!" Still helpless,
  still gagged, Ally writhed under Lady Heather's knowing fingers. Seeing how
  sensitive her subject was, a mischievous smile crossed Heather's face.  
"Angela is there any chance you can order us some tea from room service?
  Bish, I'm just going to make Allison a little more comfortable while you get
  your gear ready, is that okay?"  
The Bishop nodded his head slowly,  
"I must warn you of just one thing," He said eyeing his wife's bottom as
  she bent over to minister to Ally.&quot;All this business is giving me a&hellip;"  
"Tremendous hard on?" Asked Lady Heather, " Well you can wait. You're a gentleman
  Bish. Always were, always will be and I know you, it'll still be there later!"  
He had to virtually drag Angela out of the room but the Bishop smiled and
  winked hugely at Lady Heather as she turned the helpless Ally over with only
  the suspicion of a whimper and began to rummage inside the Bondage Bag.  
*  
Liz turned to look out the window and muttered "Oh No!" under her breath.
  She was looking into the bright smiling face of Sarah. Sarah who had changed
  into a nurse's uniform, her own, and who had a cardigan pulled over her shoulders
  to keep off the wind. She made a winding signal with her hand. Linda had to
  lean across and let down the window.  
"Aren't you going to let me in, it's cold out here? " She noticed Liz's awkward
  posture and then the handcuffs. "Blimey! Doesn't take you long does it?" Her
  eyes narrowed and she leaned in and pointed a finger at Linda. "Now listen
  to me, you. You can do what we discussed but no more, okay? Any hanky panky
  and Allison won't be the only one getting an enema tonight. Do you understand?" Linda
  looked smug and Liz looked uncomfortable. Sarah puffed out her chest. "And
  if anybody, particularly you Missy," She pointed at Linda again, "Tells me
  to stick my enema up my arse there will be trouble!" She looked at both of
  them for signs of a reaction but there was none, so she tugged at her cardigan
  and stalked off back to the private ambulance that stood, dark and silent,
  just across the car park from Liz's car.  
*  
"OWW!"  
It's always very easy to tape over someone's mouth. It's never quite so easy
  to take it off. Ally had eventually been extracted from the bondage bag and
  was now sitting naked, apart from a green hospital type gown, on a chair in
  the bedroom. The curtains had been drawn and all the lights were on. For the
  last ten minutes or so she had been treated to the more than edifying sight
  of both Lady Heather and Angela changing from out of their respective clothes
  and into medical gear.  
Lady Heather was now dressed in the green and yellow coveralls of a paramedic
  whilst Angela seemed to take forever to change into an English student nurse
  costume complete with black stockings and suspenders. It was only when clothes
  had been adjusted and hair brushed that they suddenly remembered Ally.  
Lady Heather looked at her, the thick wad of tape still dangling from her
  fingers.  
"Sorry Ally, but it's best to pull it off fast. Angela's going to swab your
  lips just to get rid of any sticky stuff. Would you like a drink? There's coke
  in the minibar."  
Ally nodded reflexively. Three hours without speech. Three hours of nodding
  and shaking her head had taken their toll. She nodded again, then shook her
  head and then finally said,  
"I mean yeah, I'd love a drink and coke'll be great, but why do I have to
  stay handcuffed?" Lady Heather HAD made one concession once she had unzipped
  her from the bag, tidied her up and put the gown on her.  
She had let her put her hands in front of her and before cuffing them back
  together again.  
"Ah well, there's a very simple reason for that my dear!" It was the Bishop,
  pushing a lightweight aluminium wheelchair in front of him. A wheelchair that
  was covered, rather ominously, Ally thought, by a large green hospital blanket.
  He stopped the wheelchair just in front of her and then knelt down at her feet.  
"You see, you're going to be our little rubber sex slave aren't you? And
  we wouldn't want you to get the idea that you can just wander out of here at
  any time now, would we?" Ally sighed, "And anyway," Said the Bishop brightly,&quot; Any
  idea of freedom that you may have had is now officially over!" He stood up
  and with a flourish, pulled the blanket away from the wheelchair.  
Ally goggled.  
"What the fuck&hellip;.?"  
"You know something darling?" Said The Bishop to his wife, the paramedic, "I
  knew we shouldn't have taken that gag off of her yet!"  
TO BE CONTINUED  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER NINE  
Ally stared at the monstrous thing in front of her, the product; she had
  no doubt, of a crazed and sick mind.  
"I'm rather proud of it myself!" Said
  The Bishop, grinning from ear to ear, "Two days non stop." He held up a bruised
  and battered thumb, "And a bit of self harm into the bargain."  
"Aw honey, you're such a brave little soldier sometimes!" Lady Heather leaned
  over and pecked him on the cheek.  
Ally however was not best impressed.  
"And you expect me to sit in, or on, that, THING do you?"  
Lady Heather walked over to her and took one of her handcuffed hands in hers  
"Now I know Bish has explained everything else to you and I know that you've
  agreed but this," She indicated the chair, &quot;was the result of some brainstorming
  we did a few days ago when our original venue had to be scrapped. A friend
  of ours over here rents out vehicles to movie companies and one of his "assets" just
  happens to be an ambulance. Seemed to fit. We could get you out of the hotel,
  via the back way, as a patient and take you to the new place Vicki's arranged.
  The wheelchair was our idea but The Bishop built it and you know how he gets
  carried away sometimes!"  
Ally looked at the Bishop who was regarding her neutrally, not wishing to
  upset the balance of the current conversation,  
"A couple of weeks ago, Vicki gave you a safe word," Ally nodded, and Lady
  Heather continued, "Red wasn't it?" Ally nodded again. "From now on Ally, if
  ever you feel threatened or concerned, you are to use that word immediately,
  understand?" Another nod, "And if you're not happy with this," She indicated
  the chair again, "Then we'll change it, The Bishop is used to doing on the
  spot modifications, aren't you darling?"  
The Bishop nodded and in his best southern drawl, said,  
"Sure am!"  
Ally looked from Lady Heather, to Phil Bishop to Angela and then studied
  the wheelchair. She knew they meant her no harm. She knew that The Bishop would
  put her safety above all else and then she looked at the wheelchair again and
  her blood curdled.  
From the start he had been totally honest and truthful. In fact, from what
  she had seen of him and Lady Heather together they were the most straight forward,
  up front people she had ever come across. If The Bishop had something to say,
  he said it and so did Lady Heather. She guessed that this had to make for a
  very "interesting" relationship.  
The Bishop had told her his intentions from the very start. He had told her
  about The Box and how it would, effectively, control her. He had also told
  her that, thanks to Linda Hutton, he had been able to interest a couple of
  television companies. One of whom would make a straightforward documentary
  about them all whilst the other would follow Liz Fisher's team and record the
  actual making of the documentary.  
He had also told Ally exactly what she should expect. Some things she had
  experienced before and others would be new to her. Very carefully Bishop had
  explained everything, possible pitfall by possible pitfall, and finally he
  had explained that part of his motive was, now that he was successful and accepted
  in America, to take a sort of two fingered side swipe at the narrow minded
  duplicity of the British Authorities for all the years of pain and anguish
  that they had put him through.  
And Ally had accepted everything, taken it in her stride in fact. She hadn't
  baulked when The Bishop, with Linda and Sarah present, had taken her measurements
  so that he could build the box to fit her exactly, even though this had required
  her to be naked. She hadn't baulked when Linda and Sarah had had to test various
  dildoes and butt plugs on her to find the best fit, whilst The Bishop had retired
  to the furthest part of the room and taken copious notes about sizes and shapes
  and maximum and minimum widths.  
She hadn't baulked when they had taken "moulds" of her vagina and her anus,
  or to use Linda's words, "cunt and ring piece", (which she had actually preferred),
  so that The Bishop could construct some "toys" that were custom made for her.  
She hadn't baulked once. Not even when they told her about the enemas or
  the catheter or the other thing. The other thing that she was quite looking
  forward to in fact. But sitting here now, naked apart from a flimsy hospital
  gown, with her hands cuffed in front of her and looking at the object in which
  she was to be publicly transported, she suddenly came down to earth with a
  fairly hefty bump.  
She couldn't take her eyes off the "thing" on which she was basically going
  to be mounted and it was with a certain amount of self disgust that she realised
  that the emotion she had originally recognised as horror was something much,
  much deeper that that - excitement would have been a better word for it. Pure,
  basic excitement. She didn't WANT to do it but she HAD to do it.  
It was a normal enough wheelchair. It had a motor fitted because it could,
  if necessary, be controlled remotely. It also had other accessories. Accessories
  such as restraints where ankles and wrists would be. Not just ordinary straps
  but thickly padded steel restraints. Central locking steel restraints. And
  they were not just confined to the extremeties either. There were clasps for
  the upper thighs, for the upper and lower torso, for the neck and at the top
  of the comfortable looking headrest, just where the forehead would go, there
  was a restraint that would hold the head firmly in place too.  
That, however, was the least of Ally's concerns. Her major problem was with
  the seat, the very comfortable looking seat, which had, as far as she could
  see, one major drawback and that was the very large and graduated nozzle that
  stuck out from the middle of it.  
Lady Heather had been following her eyes and the truth finally dawned. She
  moved over to The Bishop and hissed in his ear.  
 "Overkill! I knew it! Restrain her, fine! There's no problem with that,
  but the enema&hellip;"  
Phil Bishop looked perplexed.  
"What enema?"  
There were times when Lady Heather could find her husband a little obtuse.  
"The one in the seat. The one you're going to make Ally sit on. The Higginson
  Syringe, remember?"  
"What? Oh that! Oh that's just for show! It'll look good when we publish
  the pictures. You know, we could show her in the chair with a caption something
  like "All washed out and nowhere to go!" or something&hellip;"  
He got the distinct impression that under other circumstances his wife would
  be tapping her foot.  
"You do realise that you've just scared the crap out of her don't you?" She
  said looking heavenward. There was a distinct smile forming on The Bishop's
  face, "And don't tell me that that's another way to get the crap out of her,
  because I am not in the mood!"  
The Bishop continued to smile and Lady Heather stalked back to Ally to break
  the good news.  
*  
"Let me go bitch! Take off the handcuffs and give me the key to this poxy
  fucking belt or I'll&hellip;"  
Linda slipped her hand inside her pocket and pressed down hard on the little
  silver remote control. Liz shuddered. It was a long deep shudder that seemed
  to emanate from the very root of her. She closed her eyes and let her head
  fall softly against the steering wheel. Her voice had changed when she next
  spoke and it soon became obvious that she was no longer in a position to make
  demands. Her hair fell across her face. She tried to look at Linda through
  it  
"Turn it off! Turn it off or finish me... pleeeease."  
Linda obliged and switched the small vibrator attached to the chastity belt
  off.  
"See that's better. Now you're learning how to talk to me&hellip;"  
"And you're talking like some sort of East End Gangster..." Said Liz dragging
  herself upright and trying to toss her hair out of her eyes.  
"Can't help where I was born," Said Linda simply, pressing her thumb down
  on the remote control again.  
*  
" Okay, here's the deal;&hellip; you make it work!"  
"Make what work? Darling, I know you've had a busy day but&hellip;"  
Lady Heather was just a few seconds away from grabbing him by his non-existent
  lapels.  
"The syringe!" She hissed, "The enema! How long will it take you to make
  it work?"  
The Bishop stared up at the ceiling of the hotel corridor where he had been
  half invited, half dragged, by his wife for a hastily convened conference.  
"Why? " He asked, more than a little mystified "She doesn't want to do it!"  
Now it was the turn of his wife to look up at the ceiling.  
"She DOES! Well she didn't at first. In fact she hated the idea. But then
  she realised it wasn't going to happen and she got disappointed and now she
  wants to!" The Bishop didn't look anywhere near as baffled as she had expected
  him to.  
 He blew out his cheeks.  
"How long will it take to warm some water?"  
"Huh?"  
"Well, I suppose we could use red wine, mind you, coffee is supposed to be
  very good. It has detoxing qualities apparently&hellip;"  
Lady Heather stared at her husband and then she said slowly,  
"So you're telling me that what is on the wheelchair is a fully functioning&hellip;"  
"&hellip;straight up your rectum, colonic irrigation system!" The Bishop
  nodded, "Absolutely! Just add water, batteries not included. Soon as a helpless
  victim is secured into the chair and they sit on the rubber cushion, then gravity
  takes its course. Their weight pushes them down onto it and the liquid starts
  to very slowly fill them up. S'almost like the Chinese Water Torture really.
  But at the other end, if you see what I mean. If I were of a sadistic bent,
  which I'm not of course&hellip;." He looked at his wife and she smiled mirthlessly, "&hellip;then
  it would be quite interesting to sit and study your victim's face as more and
  more of the liquid flows into her. You would have made sure at the beginning
  that she knows what will happen eventually of course and it's quite slow so
  there would only be gentle cramps at first. Remember also darling, that some
  people actually enjoy enemas&hellip;"  
Lady Heather pulled a face,  
"Yeah and some people drink their own urine&hellip;"  
"Mmm, now speaking of that, I have a catheter and a face mask going spare,
  what do you think would happen if &hellip;?"  
Lady Heather put her foot down, literally. Forgetting that she was wearing
  thick-soled working boots she stamped, a little harder than was necessary,
  on the floor.  
"NO! You've got us into enough trouble already Bish, don't go adding to it. " And
  then her expression changed. "Mind you I don't see why Little Allison should
  have it ALL her own way do you?"  
The Bishop moved his face closer to hers as if trying to read her thoughts,  
"What's going on in there?" He enquired slowly. Lady Heather's eyes had taken
  on a far away look.  
"So once she's in the chair she can't get up Even without the restraints?"  
Phil Bishop shook his head.  
"Definitely not. Once she's sat on that nozzle she's literally nailed to
  the spot!" He grinned, " And once I've inflated it there's absolutely no chance."  
"So she has to take what she's being given?"  
"Absolutely. As soon as she's seated the flow will start and the nozzle will
  inflate. She can't get up even if she wants to and then I can engage the restraints."  
"And the inflatable nozzle means that everything will stay inside her until
  we get her out of the chair?"  
"Yup! Best to have a butt plug handy or else! I wouldn't like to be standing
  behind her at the time, let's put it that way." He pulled a face.  
Lady Heather grinned.  
"Red wine is quite&hellip; astringent, isn't it?"  
He nodded thoughtfully,  
"Mmm, gives you a very good clear out, I understand. Careful though."  
"Why?"  
"Oh come on darling. You're absorbing alcohol straight through the colon.
  I would suggest warm soapy water or, failing that; water the wine down one
  helluva lot. Oh, and don't use any from the mini bar, it'll cost a packet!"  
Lady Heather looked thoughtful.  
"How about if I send Young Angela out to the local Liquor Store?"  
"Off License, darling! They call them Off Licenses over here&hellip;. have
  you seen the way she's dressed by the way?"  
As if to illustrate his point Angela appeared at the door to the suite, obviously
  looking for them and Lady Heather had the chance to study her. The nurse's
  uniform she wore may have been standard issue once but now its hem was approximately
  eight inches shorter than standard and there appeared to be several buttons
  missing in the chest area. As a result, her black nylon suspender tops were
  just visible, as were her quite bountiful breasts in their black platform bra.  
She looked at her husband.  
"Your point being?" She said a little haughtily  
He smiled.  
"My point being, either send her out with the local SWAT team if you want
  to see her this side of Christmas or, better still, send Niles! If you can
  find him, that is!"  
*  
Why now and why here?  
These were the questions uppermost in Liz Fisher's mind as the thing vibrating
  away inside her took her to new levels of ecstasy.  
And why did SHE have to be here?  
This was something to be savoured in private. This made straightforward sex
  seem&hellip;pedestrian.  
But HER! Why did it have to be in front of her?  
And then she was grabbing hold of her roughly and half turning her in her
  seat and dragging her. Dragging her against her. The windows were fully steamed
  up now. The air inside the car torrid compared to what it was outside. And
  she felt leather gloved hand on her cheek and smelt perfume she had never noticed
  before. Jean Paul Gaultier. Strong and heavy. And this tall woman with the
  big but delicate hands and the pleasant perfume was pulling her against her
  and crazily she felt warm and comforted even though she knew she shouldn't.  
"You don't have to give the orders ALL the time you know." Said a voice she
  didn't really recognise. Even though it was basically the same as usual, it
  was much softer, much smoother. The rough edges were gone. The aitches were
  in place. She wondered if this was how she really talked and if everything
  else was just for show. Just bravado. The outer face that Linda showed to the
  world.  
The power had been turned down but she could still feel the vibrations, the
  pleasant vibrations that she wanted never to stop, echoing away like some form
  of sonar deep, deep, inside her and she felt loved and she wanted to love and
  she really, really didn't want it to stop.  
Her head was leaning against Linda's shoulder now and Linda had one arm thrown
  protectively round her. She looked up into her eyes and her voice was almost
  childlike.  
"And what do I do then? Expose myself to the whole world?"  
"No. Just learn to give in occasionally!"  
"Oh what and become, what do you call it? A submissive?"  
"It's what you want isn't it?"  
Liz started up but Linda held her in place and increased the power. She shivered
  and she looked back at her.  
"Of course it's not what I want&hellip;!"  
"It fascinates you. You couldn't keep away from Sarah when you found out
  about her and me!"  
Liz's bottom lip was quivering,  
"When I was a child I was fascinated by horses&hellip; but I didn't want
  to be one!"  
"Well, why don't you try it? Why don't you try the thing that fascinates
  you so much?"  
Liz tried to move but Linda held her fast.  
"So what do you suggest? Grovel at your feet or something?"  
The security lights had blinked out several minutes ago and the interior
  light was off but even in such light as there was Liz could see her tormentor
  smile.  
"If you like but it's cold out there. I was thinking about something else."  
Curiosity killed the cat.  
 All Liz's basic instincts were honed not to show too much interest but she
  couldn't resist.  
"What?"  
Linda smiled. Took her face in her gloved hands and turned it towards her.  
"Ask! Ask me nicely for something you want very badly."  
Liz tried to turn her head, Linda wouldn't let her.  
"I've got everything I want, nice flat, nice car, good job, no man at the
  moment but that's no great loss. OW! You can't do that bitch!" Held against
  Linda as she was meant that she was in an almost foetal position, leaving her
  right buttock fully exposed. Linda had bought her flat hand down hard against
  it and then she turned up the vibrations again.  
Liz tried to curl up even more. She struggled against the handcuffs trying
  to bring her hands round to cover her face. She was crying "No!" "No!" but
  she didn't really mean it and Linda had hold of her chin and was pulling her
  face up towards her own.  
The two women stared at each other.  
"Remember," Said Linda quietly, &quot;All you've got to do is ask!"  
"Ask what?"  
 Linda Hutton spread her arms as wide as the car would allow.  
"If you don't know&hellip;I can't tell you!"  
Liz stiffened even though the vibrations had quietened down again but her
  whole body was still juddering from that sharp blow on the backside. It had
  affected her much more than it should have done and not just because another
  adult had hit her. Even now there was a thrill running down her spine.  
Suddenly Liz found that she was having to catch her breath. In a voice that
  didn't sound like her own she asked,  
"And if I ask you nicely will you let me?"  
She hadn't realised before just how white Linda's teeth were.  
"Let you what?" Linda was not going to let her off lightly and when Liz replied
  she had no idea that her voice would let her down the way it did.  
"Let me come!" She said with a sob."Let me fucking come!" And Linda was cradling
  her head again realising she had almost admitted defeat. But she also knew
  that Liz was stronger than that and her aim was to point her in the right direction,
  not break her.  
"You're nearly there, " She whispered, "But it's not quite right!" Liz looked
  up at her in despair. Linda had turned the power almost to full and her legs
  were turning to jelly. She thought she saw a tear, a tear of emotion, of joy
  rather than sadness, run down her left cheek.  
"What do you want me to do?" She asked plaintively, "Kiss your pussy or something?"  
Linda held her tightly.  
"Actually, yes, I'd quite like that!" Liz struggled to look at her, feeling
  that she had burnt her boats but feeling also somehow elated, "But you heard
  what Sarah said&hellip;"  
Liz continued to stare wanting to ask a question that was in the back of
  her mind,  
" Yes I am Liz. I'll allow you that question. I'm wet because I've enjoyed
  it, because I've enjoyed you and I'm not a mind reader, it's a natural thing
  to want to know. Sarah's going to be on her knees for a long time quite soon&hellip; Something
  you want to ask me?"  
Liz looked at her seriously, the invader buzzing away inside her but still
  not strong enough to push her over the edge. She knew she was blushing. But
  she could feel the warm glow all over her body.  
Her mouth was dry and her voice was now just a whisper,  
"Please, " She said turning to try to look at her properly, "Please Linda.
  Please let me come!"  
It was a reflex action that made her throw back her head as she said it because
  her whole body seemed to go into an immediate spasm from the very tips of her
  toes to the top of her head and then Linda had hold of her again and her hand
  was over her mouth to stifle her screams, her warm leather gloved hand and
  that excited her even more and then and only then did she feel the vibrator
  turned up to full power and the full potency of the tiny vibrator became apparent
  and Linda held her and continued to hold her as she orgasmed and orgasmed and
  finally she shushed her and stroked her in the darkness of the silent car park
  and held her until she was calm and it was all over.  
And ten minutes later, Liz was sitting in the driver's seat, the handcuffs
  had been returned to Linda's bag and they sat waiting for things to happen.
  Finally, Linda looked at her in the rear view mirror and said.  
"See all you 'ad to do all along was ask me nicely!"  
Liz looked at her seriously and said,  
"And what about in future?" And for once in her life Linda could not answer.  
TO BE CONTINUED  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER TEN  
"Are you worried that my hands are going to get cold?"  
Ally was still sitting on a chair in the suite. But now, after much rummaging
  in Lady Heather's bag, a second pair of handcuffs had been produced and each
  individual wrist was now firmly manacled to a chair arm.  
Sarah, in her sisters uniform, had arrived and with the help of Angela, was
  beginning to carefully bandage each of Ally's hands.  
Ally was restless and impatient because she was nervous and she wanted to
  get on so she sat in the chair swinging her bare feet and making comments to
  anyone who would listen. As an experienced nurse of more years standing than
  she cared to remember, Sarah knew when to listen to a patient, when to respond
  and when to take no notice, something Linda often referred to as "cocking a
  deaf 'un."  
"Hey! Any chance of a bag a crisps? I'm gettin' hungry!"  
Kneeling beside her and doing her best to avoid her flailing feet Sarah looked
  up at her.  
"You'll get fed when we get to the studio, young lady and not before and
  watch those feet! You nearly had my eye out then!"  
Ally, by and large, was extremely mature for her age but she had steam to
  let off and without really considering the consequences, she manoeuvred her
  left foot and placed it as firmly as she could over Sarah's face causing her
  to swing her head away spluttering.  
She stood up, her kindly; smiling features momentarily flushed and stared
  at Ally who was a picture of innocence.  
"What's wrong?" She shrugged, "They don't smell!"  
Sarah regarded her for an uncomfortably long time and then she stalked off
  to the table where the bandages were and picked up several long rolls of pristine
  white cloth. Then she returned to where Ally was sitting.  
"Don't smell! Don't smell eh? Well, young Allison YOU won't be smelling much
  for a little while but you've got that to come! In the meantime I think we
  need to do something about those little feet of yours!"  
*  
"Well?"  
The Bishop drew long and hard on his cigar and then blew thick bluish smoke
  into the air. He looked at his wife who was leaning over the wheelchair watching
  him and smiled.  
"I know it's been said before, but I love it when a plan comes together!" He
  looked at the more than half full bottle of Romanian Cabernet Sauvignon and
  said, "Seems a shame to waste this, although it's not exactly vintage&hellip;"  
"Not Californian either," Said Niles who had been contacted by phone, he
  held up the bottle and looked at the label, "&pound;2.99! That's less than
  five bucks!"  
"Well look at it this way, Niles," Said the Bishop wryly, "It's not exactly
  for a wine tasting!"  
Lady Heather pulled a face,  
"Nope, I doubt very much that she's going to have much sense of taste where
  this is going!"  
*  
Sarah was surprisingly strong. Although with years of training it was often
  a matter of technique rather than raw physical strength and in one swift movement
  she had caught hold of both Ally's feet and was now proceeding to wind a bandage
  around and around her ankles, trapping them both together. Ally tried to swing
  them away but Sarah's grip was firm and as the wrapping became thicker so Ally
  became more and more vociferous.  
"Hey! Hey! I didn't mean it, okay? I was just fooling around! Sarah, stop
  it! Anyone in there? Hey, the lights are on, is anybody home? Sarah!! No, Sarah,
  don't!" Once Sarah had made up her mind however, she seldom changed it. Still
  keeping a tight hold on Ally's feet she looked up at her.  
"You know Ally, " She said smiling for the first time, "I know a lot of people
  don't like them, but I do. I LIKE feet! Especially little podgy ones like yours!" She
  gently touched a big toe. "Little podgy bare feet with little podgy toes and
  yours are SO cute!" Ally looked at her reprovingly.  
"Don't Sarah. Don't! Don't touch my feet!"  
Sarah gently plucked at a toe.  
"This Little Piggy went to market&hellip;"  
"No Sarah! Not my feet. Anywhere but my feet&hellip;"  
"This Little Piggy stayed at home&hellip;"  
"No, Sarah, no! I'll go hysterical. Don't. Please don't!"  
"This Little Piggy had roast beef&hellip;"  
"Sarah! Sarah listen to me&hellip;"  
"This Little Piggy had none&hellip;"  
"Don't do it Sarah! Please don't do it. I'll lose control. I'll scream. I
  go mad when people touch my feet&hellip;"  
"And this Little Piggy went wee, wee, wee all the way home&hellip;"  
There was silence. Ally had momentarily closed her eyes. When she opened
  them Sarah was still kneeling in front of her in her dark blue uniform with
  the short sleeves looking poised and demure. She was still holding her bound
  at the ankles feet and the fingers of her right hand were poised just above
  the sensitive wrinkled soles. It wasn't exactly a Mexican standoff. The two
  protagonists stared at each other.  
Ally did her best to smile ingratiatingly.  
"Sarah&hellip;pleeease!" And she let out a long sigh.  
And then Sarah struck. With no hint of warning she opened her mouth raised
  her hand, licked her right index finger and ran it quickly down Ally's left
  sole. Then another lick and the same thing to the other foot and then her hand
  was everywhere, jumping from one foot to the other, touching the soles, then
  tickling, then touching again.  
Sometimes she would delve a finger in between the toes and then withdraw
  it just as quickly as it arrived and sometimes she would just linger in one
  place and tickle, tickle, tickle.  
Ally's reaction was definitely not the threatened one. At first she giggled
  and then she began to sway in her chair and then she began to laugh and laugh
  and laugh until soon she was breathless but she still kept on laughing, whilst
  Angela looked on. fascinated and just a little worried at the same time.  
Soon Ally's face was red. Soon she was gulping in lungfuls of air and laughter
  is contagious because very soon Angela and Sarah were laughing too but nowhere
  near as hard.  
Eventually Ally gained enough breath to speak, she was sweating and hanging
  limp in her chair.  
"Pleee..eease&hellip;Plee..eease," She looked at Sarah as pitifully as she
  could whilst still convulsed with laughter and Sarah stopped but her right
  hand remained poised over her susceptible soles.  
"Are you going to be a good girl now Ally and do everything I tell you?"  
"Yes&hellip;yes ..anything&hellip; just please stop. Please&hellip; stop&hellip; Sarah.
  Please!" Sarah wondered idly if full-scale torture could possibly have been
  more effective in such a short space of time. Unfortunately Linda's feet were
  not quite so vulnerable.  
"Hello! Are we having a party we weren't invited to?" The Bishop stood in
  the doorway flanked by Lady Heather and Niles.  
"Or is it just li'l ole' Ally being awkward again?" asked Lady Heather walking
  over to her and placing an arm round her shoulder.  
By now Ally had recovered her breath a little.  
"I'm not awkward," She began indignantly but Sarah was already reaching for
  her feet again, "Okay, okay! yes I am! Yes, I'm really awkward. I'm the most
  awkward person in the whole wide world&hellip; just don't tickle me again!
  Please!"  
Phil Bishop clapped his hands in a sincere round of applause.  
"Good Girl Allison! We'll make an obedient little slave girl of you yet!"  
"I think it's highly unlikely," Muttered Sarah under her breath and for a
  moment it looked as if Ally was going to aim a kick at her with her bound feet
  but the two women looked at each other and she thought better of it.  
Niles and Angela meanwhile were renewing old acquaintances. They were locked
  in a clinch and Nile's hand was sliding slowly up the unexposed part of Angela's
  stockinged thigh.  
"Hey, hey, you two! You saw each other this morning!" Phil Bishop looked
  about him and then in the general direction of his wife, "Is there a fire bucket
  around here anywhere?"  
"Well there sure as hell won't be any water in it darling! You must have
  used all that up on "you know what" outside!"  
 Ally looked up at them sharply and The Bishop threw a glance at his wife,  
"Oh well, now's as good a time as any."  
Lady Heather agreed,  
"Yeah and you can get changed while you're out there, we're running out of
  time." She bent down next to Sarah, "Need any help? Only it looks like Angela's
  otherwise engaged!"  
As he left the room Phil Bishop threw the couple a glance and said.  
"For God's sake Niles put her down. You'll set the fire alarms and the sprinklers
  off in a minute!"  
*  
Sarah decided, for safety's sake, that she should continue the binding of
  Ally's feet in case she wanted to kick out again. Very soon both legs were
  joined at the ankles and completely enclosed with bandages down to the toes,
  it looked as if she were wearing one large white sock.  
Meanwhile Lady Heather had finished wrapping Ally's left hand from just above
  the wrist to the tips of the fingers. She had tucked in the thumb and then
  asked her to make a fist, which she then wrapped. Ally could not have used
  the hand even if she wanted to.  
Before finishing the right hand, Sarah, who had now joined her, opened a
  small box and produced what appeared to be a black rubber bulb with a lead
  attached. Still handcuffed to the chair ally watched fascinated as Lady Heather
  placed the bulb between her fingers and her palm and Sarah began to wrap her
  hand.  
"That's your lifeline Ally, she said tapping the back of her hand. Once you're
  in the chair it jacks into a terminal in the right arm and from then on if
  you're in any distress at all I want you to squeeze the bulb. Just one squeeze
  will stop us and three squeezes will tell that you want out altogether. Squeeze
  twice if you feel threatened in any way, Understand? One's a warning, two's&hellip;"  
Ally was still being slightly over exuberant.  
"Yeah that's fine but can I have something to eat?"  
Lady Heather was about to shake her head but Sarah stood up and touching
  her on the elbow suggested that she wanted to talk outside. She, in turn, stood
  up and looked over to Angela who had now disengaged from Niles.  
"Can I trust you two together?" Lady Heather looked from Ally to Angela and
  back again. Handcuffed to a chair with her feet bandaged together and her hands
  wrapped, wearing a flimsy hospital gown that just covered her knees, Ally was
  tempted to stick out her tongue. But she didn't.  
"No Your Ladyship you can't!" She looked at Angela who was attempting to
  pull down her hem to a level approaching decency, "As a matter of fact we were
  thinking of going shopping, weren't we Angela?"  
Angela giggled.  
"It's okay Lady Heather, I'll look after Allison and make sure, " She traced
  a finger across Ally's lips, "that she's kept occupied!"  
Lady Heather stared at them for a few seconds.  
"Hmm, that's PRECISELY what I was worried about!" And she turned on her heel
  and walked out the door.  
*  
Sarah was in the main suite with her arms folded across her ample chest.  
"Okay Sarah what's worrying you?" She had one of the most readable faces
  that Lady Heather had ever come across.  
"Are you going ahead with the enema?  
"Yeah. The reservoir's full."  
"How much?"  
"Two quarts. That's okay isn't it?"  
Suddenly Sarah's face wasn't so readable.  
"And how much wine?"  
"Oh about two big glasses. That's not much is it?"  
Sarah looked pensive.  
"Alcohol's absorbed a lot quicker through the colon than it is through the
  stomach. No gastric juices to break it down, quickest way to alcoholic poisoning
  if you're not careful."  
Now Sarah's face was positively inscrutable.  
"So you're saying we can't do it?" Lady Heather was now concerned.  
"I'm saying she needs to eat or she could get tipsy or even worse!" Sarah's
  face was legible once again, &quot;And she's bad enough now!"  
*  
Looking at Angela standing before her, with a slight pout to her full, dark
  red and glossy lips, Ally was reminded of a singer. A torch singer in a fairly
  sleazy LA nightclub in the fifties. The sort that feature in television movies.
  She could just see her in a tight floor length white dress covered in sequins
  that matched her short platinum blonde hair. She could even hear the single
  alto sax in the background that would herald her entry&hellip;  
She was bought back to reality by the fact that Angela was now straddling
  her and hiking up her uniform.  
"Hey!" Protested Ally. "Don't people wear knickers any more?" But a gentle
  but insistent hand, that pushed her face, or rather her lips, tightly and neatly
  into the shaven V that nestled just above Angela's legs stifled her protests.  
TO BE CONTINUED  
WARNING.   
This is only a story and you can do things in stories that you would never
  do in real life. In real life people DO take red wine enemas but it should
  only be done under strict medical supervision. I do not advocate it and I do
  not do it. Perish the thought!  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER ELEVEN  
"You can't do this to me, I'm twenty seven years old!"  
Sarah knelt down in front of Ally and waved the sandwich at her that she
  had been feeding her with.  
"And if you want to be twenty eight, young lady, then I suggest that you
  shut up and eat your food. Just look how good Angela's being now!" Ally looked
  over to the chair in the corner. The one that she had been trying not to look
  at.  
"Yeah! Only because you two bitches on sticks have gagged her! OW! Ow! Ow!
  Ow! Ow!" Sarah hadn't twisted her nipple hard but Ally was in that sort of
  mood.  
Lady Heather was kneeling in front of Angela running her hands lightly up
  and down her black silk stockings, the only item, apart from a black garter
  belt, that she was currently wearing.  
"Hey Sarah, these surely can't be standard issue!"  
Seeing that Ally was chewing, more or less contentedly, on a more than healthy
  mouthful of chicken sandwich, Sarah got up and made her way over to Lady Heather
  and Angela  
*.  
The last thing that the pair of them had been expecting to see when they
  walked back into the room, was Angela, with her uniform pulled up to her waist
  and her head thrown back, whilst Ally applied herself, with her pierced tongue,
  to Angela's puffy and moist looking womanhood and although, bound as she was,
  Ally didn't really have any option, she certainly didn't seem to have any complaints
  either.  
It had been quite easy to drag the unwary Angela away from her and between
  them, the paramedic and the nurse, had soon stripped her of her uniform.  
"Not worthy of the NHS!" Sarah had muttered under her breath, "Apart from
  what goes on at the Christmas parties that is."  
"Hey Sarah," Lady Heather was folding Angela's uniform whilst Sarah held
  her with one hand over her mouth, "Someone once told me that there were only
  two certainties in life&hellip;"  
Angela tried to struggle a little and Sarah soon dispensed with that by giving
  her a short sharp slap where she least expected it.  
"Just because I'm a nurse, my girl, doesn't mean I won't slap your pussy!
  Now stay still!"  
"Hey, are you listening to me?"  
"Yeah, yeah yeah, only two certainties&hellip;"  
"&hellip;death and nurses!"  
Sarah pulled a face.  
"Ha, ha! I've never heard that before of course! Will you hold still Angela?
  Or do you want the same as Ally's going to get in a minute?"  
Ally looked puzzled and Lady Heather hissed,  
"She likes enemas. She goes for colonic irrigation at least once a week in
  Santa Barbara somewhere, says its good for her skin!"  
Sarah looked thoughtful and gently ran her fingers across Angela's cheek.
  Angela stopped struggling and put her head against Sarah's shoulder, wanting
  more.  
"Oh that's what you want is it? A little bit of attention? Well, your skin
  is very soft. Very, very, soft." Sarah gently stroked her face and if it were
  at all possible, Angela would have purred  
Lady Heather was walking toward her holding more bandages.  
"All she ever wants is attention! Don't you Angela? Now be a good girl and
  put your hands behind your back!"  
And soon Angela had been installed on the chair in the corner of the room
  with her hands bound tightly behind her back with bandages and several strips
  around her waist and tummy to hold them there.  
Sarah had removed her shoes and had bandaged her ankles wide apart to the
  chair legs and then, while Lady Heather held her head, she had gently eased
  a thick roll of bandage into her mouth, which they had then held in position
  with three more rolls wound round and around her lips and face.  
"You see the problem is," Lady Heather had explained to Sarah, "that she
  gets bored. She's got such a beautiful body," Angela had the good grace to
  blush a little, "And such a restless mind, that she just doesn't know what
  to do with herself sometimes."  
Sarah had picked up a small box with the picture of a long silver phallic
  shaped object on the front. The words, "Pocket Rocket" were clearly visible
  and Sarah could not resist taking it out and running her fingers over it. Angela,
  bound to the chair as she was, appeared to be looking at it with bulging eyes.  
"Are these as powerful as they're supposed to be?"  
Lady Heather grimaced,  
"Oh yeah! Bishop suspended me once, by my ankles, naked and wrapped in cling
  film. And I DO mean wrapped. Every inch of me was covered and I was sweating
  like a pig. We were in Nile's studio and all the lights were on and BOY was
  I comfortable&hellip; not! And they'd gagged me with a bit gag so I could talk
  a little but then they wrapped my entire head with cling film as well, just
  leaving a couple of holes round my nose, which was very nice of them&hellip;"  
"And they left me hanging there and told me to smile while Niles took picture
  after picture and THIS little witch," She gave Angela a harder than normal
  nudge with her elbow, "Thought she'd like to be a Dominatrix for the day, so
  they kitted her out in riding gear, jodhpurs, boots, shirt, the whole bit and
  a riding crop and let her loose on me for an hour or so."  
She looked at Sarah plaintively,  
"Can you imagine that? An hour of being prodded and poked and slapped on
  the nipples, ass and pussy by HER! And then what happens? She says innocently
  to Niles, "You know Heather seems very quiet. Perhaps we could liven her up
  a bit!" And the next thing you know, she's pulled out that damn thing," She
  indicated the vibrator in Sarah's hand, "And Bishop is grinning and coming
  at me with a sharper than I'd like knife and suddenly he's making this real
  neat little hole just where my pussy is and then this little bitch with a capital
  B is sliding this little piece of crap inside my quite moist, I have to admit,
  little pussy and without any warning turns it on&hellip; and then takes it
  out again because she says I wasn't wet enough!"  
She paused to let the image of her; naked and gagged, suspended by her feet
  and wrapped from top to toe in cling film, sink in to Sarah's mind.  
"And you couldn't get out?" Enquired Sarah wanting more details, the more
  lascivious the better.  
 "Nope. They tied my hands behind my back before we started &ndash; like
  I'm Harry Houdini or something &ndash; and I'm swinging about two feet above
  the ground. What the photographs don't show is all the padding that was directly
  underneath me, because Bish didn't want me hurting myself if I should somehow
  fall, which was very touching, and then this bitch goes and snaps on a pair
  of rubber gloves, like I'm infectious or something and sticks her hands in
  the biggest pot of lubricant I've ever seen in my life and starts to lube me
  up!"  
She paused and put a hand on her shoulder,  
"Sarah you do rectal examinations. How long does it take to prepare someone?"  
Sarah didn't need to think.  
"About thirty seconds."  
Lady Heather nodded.  
"This bitch worked on my pussy for a full half hour. Kneading and stroking
  and adding more jelly and stroking again and sliding her fingers in and then
  all the way out again and all the time Niles was taking photo's and at one
  point I was moaning so loud and she was enjoying it SO much that he and The
  Bishop crept out and left us to it because they didn't want to intrude!"  
Sarah was smiling,  
"And did you notice they'd gone?"  
Lady Heather's face burst into a grin,  
" Not for the next half hour, no, and when I did and when I tried to say
  something, "Hey Presto!" she's got that little monster in her hand again. Slides
  it in, switches it on to ALMOST full power and then wanders off to tell them
  I'm ready, leaving me naked and hanging by my ankles with a pussy full of vibrator,
  to literally stew in my own juices!"  
For most of this dissertation Angela had been trying to pretend that she
  wasn't actually there, but she was brought back to reality by a hand on her
  shoulder. A rubber gloved hand.  
"Hi Angela," Said Lady Heather sweetly, "Ever heard of pay back time? Sarah,
  have you got that KY yet?"  
Sarah was by her side almost as she said it and while she held the small
  silver object, Lady Heather, in full view of Angela, began to coat it liberally
  with jelly and when she had finished she dropped to her knees, squeezed more
  jelly onto her rubber covered hand and saying,  
"This won't hurt a bit!" To Angela by way of warning, quickly buried two
  very slippery fingers up to the knuckle in her wide-open moistness.  
*  
So now the two women knelt in front of Angela, poor, helpless, almost naked,
  Angela, who had now had the Pocket Rocket installed in her for nearly 15 minutes.
  Gagged Angela who couldn't cry out even if she wanted to and who was slowly
  having the power of the embedded vibrator increased every few minutes or so
  and was also having her soft, silk covered legs gently stroked. Helpless Angela
  who could only close her eyes from time to time and moan softly through the
  thick wad of bandages in her mouth.  
"Hey you two! I'm still here you know!"  
 Ally from the other corner of the room  
"Yes you are aren't you? And no doubt the two ladies in here who are in a
  position to do something about it will tell me why?" Said the Bishop who had
  now changed into a paramedic's uniform similar to the one his wife was wearing
  and was standing in the doorway with a big grin on his face.  
*  
They had decided that two freshly made, warm chicken sandwiches, straight
  from the hotel kitchens and garnished with enough salad to feed several people
  would be sufficient to keep Ally from harm. They had also decided that the
  wine would probably help her to sleep as tonight was just going to entail some
  minor preparations and all the major jobs were scheduled for the following
  day.  
Sarah had fed her, by and large, very carefully, offering her salad and holding
  a small bottle of mineral water to her lips when she needed a drink.  
"I feel so helpless!" Ally told her at one point, her hands wrapped into
  useless fists and her feet embedded in a single sock and tied to the chair.  
"If you knew how you were going to feel later, sweetheart," Said Sarah, wiping
  her mouth with a fresh paper napkin, "Then you wouldn't even think about moaning
  now!"  
 They had already received a phone call from Vicki Chaudhari telling them
  it was cold where she was and could they please hurry up?  
And also one from Linda who had had to meet a friend, telling them she was
  on her way to meet Liz in the car park.  
 And one from Niles telling them he had met up with the film crew and where
  on God's Earth were they?  
And now Ally was fully fed and ready for the rest of her programme to begin
  and it was only when Linda and Sarah were uncuffing and untying her from the
  chair that she noticed a small flash of light off to her left and saw someone
  standing there.  
"What the bloody hell is he doing there?" She yelled.  
Lady Heather was on her knees first,  
"Hey, hey, Ally, come on! It's okay; it's only the cameraman. You knew he
  was going to be here and he's been keeping out of the way as much as he could,
  he's using low light film and a special lightweight camera with built in sound
  equipment so he wouldn't intrude&hellip;"  
"Intrude! But, but&hellip;"  
Lady Heather did her best to mollify her,  
"Yeah I know honey, your pussy's on show and you've been tied to a chair
  and you've been licking Angela's pussy&hellip;"  
"Fuck that!" Expleted a suddenly vehement Ally, &quot;I've got no make up
  on and my hair looks like shit!"  
*  
"Gently now. Ally; just hold still for a minute. Just for me? Please?"  
Ally sighed.  
"Do you realise how undignified this all is? I mean it wouldn't so bad if
  it were just you guys but my arse is going to be on every TV set in the country."  
"I very much doubt that, my luv," Trevor, the cameraman had muttered under
  his breath, "This is late night cable you're talkin' about."  
Sarah had also muttered something along the lines of,  
"Can't take a joke shouldn't have joined!" But Lady Heather had handed her
  the surgical gloves and put a finger to her lips at the same time.  
Gloved up, Sarah had patted the backside of the now bent over Australian  
"Now just relax Ally, just relax for me&hellip;" And then Sarah had introduced
  a greasy finger into her back passage and gently moved it around to spread
  the lubricant and was soon withdrawing. "There! That wasn't so bad now was
  it?"  
Ally was blushing; she stole a quick glance at Angela who despite being bandaged
  from the nose down did her best to smile at her encouragingly.  
They shuffled her along to the wheelchair and positioned her in front of
  it. Then Sarah held her whilst Lady Heather retrieved a relatively small remote
  control unit from a ledge.  
"Bish has modified this Ally, at our request," She indicated the seat on
  which she was about to be installed, "He's added a small valve, just below
  the nozzle, which means that we CAN control the water as it runs into you,
  in fact we can decide when to start or even stop the flow. And as soon as you're "fitted" we're
  going to plug in that bulb in your hand so you can tell us if you've got any
  problems!"  
Ally looked at her, more than a little mystified.  
"Yeah, I don't understand this. Why do I need a bulb when all I've got to
  do is talk to one of you guys?&quot;  
Just then the room was filled by a low-pitched wailing noise, an almost unearthly
  sound that no one had been expecting. They all turned in the direction of the
  sound to see Angela writhing in her chair, hands still tied behind her back,
  wearing just her garter belt and stockings, her bare breasts' jiggling proudly
  and her nipples hard and erect. Her head was thrown back and she was moaning
  as best she could through the bandages stuffed into her mouth until suddenly
  she went limp and fell forward, the bonds being the only things holding her
  in place.  
Sarah was still holding Ally so Lady Heather reached her first and soon discovered
  that it was definitely not a seizure of any kind that she had suffered.  
"She's turned the damn thing up all by herself!" She fumed, deciding that
  enough was enough and extracting the vibrator, none too gently from inside
  Angela's nethermost regions while an exhausted Angela raised her head a little,
  opened one eye and gave her the weakest of smiles. "While we've all had our
  backs turned, Madam here has been rubbing her little dildo against the chair
  seat trying to turn it up to maximum, looks like she's just succeeded!"  
Sarah smiled,  
"Well it's probably time to let her go now anyway, we're going to need her
  in the ambulance if you're up front with Phil."  
Lady Heather waved the glistening wet vibrator under Angela's nose.  
"Okay I'm going to let you go, but you do everything Sarah says or I'll let
  her play with you next time and I don't think you'd like that!"  
But Sarah was already shaking her head,  
"Oh she will, she will!" And as an afterthought, "Well I will, even if she
  doesn't!"  
*  
"Take a deep breath Ally!"  
She did as she was told and felt herself being lowered gently onto the tapered
  nozzle sticking out of the seat of the wheelchair. She was well lubricated
  but the nozzle was a good six to eight inches long and soft and pliable though
  it was, she could still feel every inch going in. but once in it felt quite
  good. She didn't feel at all violated, in fact she felt quite elated that she
  had done it and then all of a sudden something started to happen.  
She felt an intense whirring sensation deep, deep, down inside of her. A
  sensation that was strange yet pleasurable. She felt a little full and tried
  to shift her position and even raise herself but it was impossible. And the
  vibrations increased until it felt as if she were falling into a whirling pit
  of pleasure and the whole room seemed to spin and then a voice was saying.  
"Well that seemed to work quite nicely!" And she was looking into the face
  of Phil Bishop who had stayed out of the room whilst Ally was being mounted
  and now stood surveying the entire company.  
He chucked Ally gently under the chin,  
"Are you alright Lass?"  
Ally looked at him a little stunned.  
"Yeah, I guess! What happened?"  
Phil Bishop grinned.  
"Couple of last minute alterations, found a couple of solenoids I didn't
  know I had and managed to rig up a little vibrator to go with your, er, nozzle.
  That was a test run. How does it feel by the way?"  
"Like I'm full all the time? Wouldn't wanna be like it all day but I could
  learn to live with it." One particular question had been bothering her for
  most of the evening. She looked into The Bishop's eyes and said "Why do I need
  this bulb in my hand?"  
He looked like he had been hit by a static shock.  
"Geez! I'm glad you reminded me about that!" And he picked up the jack plug
  and inserted into the arm of the chair. Then he looked at her earnestly and
  said questioningly,  
"Hasn't anybody told you about that yet?"  
*  
"So let's get this straight. I'm an accident victim, right?"  
"That's right! That's the whole point of the ambulance&hellip;"  
"And the bandages?"  
"Right again! We can take you down in one of the service lifts, out the fire
  exit and into the car park."  
"Okay, but you've bandaged my feet and ankles and I've got this, this thing,
  keeping me sat down, what else is there?"  
"Allison, my dear Allison, you have to see that I have a reputation to keep
  up with. I mean all that is fine but it's not enough. It's not what people
  want to see. They want to see people restrained. They want to see YOU restrained.
  I have a public to satisfy who pay good money every month to look at my site&hellip;"  
"Okay, okay, so strapping me into the wheelchair and giving me a coupla pints
  of enema fluid's not enough, right?"  
"It's logistics as well Ally. If people can't see your face they won't recognise
  you and no memories of this afternoon will surface&hellip;"  
Knowing when she was beaten Ally looked at Phil Bishop with a half smile.  
"Who was that guy who used to wear all the bandages?"  
"Well I would have thought that he was before your time but you're probably
  talking about the Invisible Man&hellip;"  
Ally did her best to wave a dismissive hand.  
"Whatever! Well, I'm beginning to wish I was invisible right now&hellip;"  
*  
Lady Heather caught sight of her husband as was leaving the main suite.  
"Er, Bish! Bish, just one more question."  
He was by her side in an instant,  
"Yes my little Columbo and what can I do for you?"  
"It's about the restraints on the wheelchair, we've right now got Ally's
  feet bandaged together for safety's sake&hellip;"  
The Bishop raised an eyebrow,  
"Whose safety?"  
Sarah bustled past with some plates.  
"Ours! They were everywhere!"  
Bishop looked puzzled.  
"Whose minding Ally at the moment?"  
"Oh Angela is. She's very er&hellip;  
"Contrite?"  
"&hellip;right now. Yeah."  
Sarah was behind them again.  
"And Ally's very, very quiet! She's a bit like the condemned man waiting
  to be executed. She's not saying much and she hardly moves at all in case what's
  underneath her goes off unexpectedly!"  
The Bishop grinned.  
"So what's the problem?"  
"Restraints! The ones at her ankles won't fit."  
"No problem! They're all on micro switches. I'll just disable those two and
  enable the ones just above her calves that I put in earlier, or doesn't anyone
  pay attention to these minor details?"  
*  
"Hi!"  
Angela was now fully restored. She was wearing her uniform, which was still
  much too short, her shoes were back on, her hair was brushed and she had retrieved
  her bra. However, Ally was much too conscious of the fact that she still appeared
  to be wearing no panties.  
"Ally I've got to get you ready. Boss's orders!" She took some bandages off
  the table and stood behind her, "Now I've got to bandage your whole head so
  that no one can recognise you, and then later Lady Heather and Sarah are going
  to put pads over your eyes so you won't know where you're going and then they're
  going to do something about that cute little mouth of yours, so that you can't
  speak.  
Angela knelt down in front of Ally and there was a definite flush to her
  cheeks. She reached forward and put a finger to her lips.  
"You won't be able to speak and you won't be able to see! You'll be strapped
  into the chair and I'll have the remote control to the valve you're sitting
  on and I'll be able to control you totally! I'll be the one who decides when
  to start the flow." Ally shuddered and Angela licked her glossy pouting lips
  and then she leaned forward and kissed Ally on hers, "And that really turns
  me on Ally, it really, really does!"  
*  
For reasons of her own, Angela wheeled Ally over to a mirror so that she
  could watch what was happening to her. What Ally saw was a young and, in her
  mind, not unattractive young woman, with eyes and feet that were too big, and
  tits that were too small, and unkempt hair, naked apart form a short green
  smock with her hands and feet bandaged, sitting in a wheelchair impaled on
  a rubber spike and about to be put into what Phil Bishop would call some serious
  bondage.  
Angela was beside her again.  
Stroking her cheek.  
Whispering in her ear.  
"I think it's really exciting that although you're not properly restrained
  you still can't get up and run away from me!" And then, as if to emphasise
  her point, she allowed her tongue to just caress the outer part of Ally's ear
  and Ally shivered involuntarily.  
Angela stood up.  
"I'm going to start bandaging now!" She whispered hoarsely.  
*  
It didn't seem to take very long, even though Angela was very thorough and
  soon Ally was looking at a faceless, hairless visage in the mirror that had
  only eyes and mouth and she needed to tell herself constantly at first that
  that visage was in fact hers.  
She felt strange and anonymous and unbelievably excited. The fact that she
  was sitting helplessly on two pints of fluid that could be pumped into her
  at any time was only adding to that excitement.  
"Hey Ally, are you okay?" Lady Heather was kneeling beside her. Ally nodded,
  the thick, wide bandages around her head and jaw restricted but did not prevent
  speech, but she was just too excited.  
Sarah was there too, standing next to her, looking at the bandages with a
  professional eye.  
"You've made a good job of this Angela, perhaps I can do the same for you
  one day. Enemas are a bit of a speciality of mine, I could give you a small
  one and them wrap you from head to toe in bandages and make you my little plaything
  for the afternoon. What d'you think?"  
Angela looked at her in slight disbelief and then held her gaze for much
  longer than was necessary, unconsciously moistening her lips with the very
  tip of her tongue at the same time.  
Sarah smiled.  
"I'll take that as a yes!" And received a sharp slap on the leg from lady
  Heather.  
"What's Linda gonna say?" She hissed. Sarah grinned down at her.  
"It was Linda's idea! Niles can take pictures&hellip;you can come as well,
  if you still want your own back or just if you want to watch!" She turned her
  attention back to Ally.  
"Okay young lady are you ready?" Ally managed a tiny nod and Sarah squatted
  down to join Lady Heather at her side. She produced from her pocket what appeared
  to be a soft squishy ball with a semi circular shield attached to it. She stroked
  Ally's bare leg.  
"Wonders of modern science this is Ally. We wanted to gag you, because we
  felt that you should be gagged but we wanted something that was safe and also
  didn't show. Bishop picked this up at BondCon 2003. It's a self-inflating pump
  gag that works by remote control. See there?" She held the object up for inspection. "There's
  a tiny cylinder of compressed air that goes in through that little hole, that
  inflates it once it's in your mouth and this shield here goes over your front
  teeth and holds it all in place! Clever really." Ally didn't look too sure
  but she said nothing and looked instead at Lady Heather who was opening two
  packs of sterile eye pads.  
At that moment The Bishop walked in.  
He strode over to the wheelchair and stood looking down at Ally.  
"Last chance now Ally," He said, not unkindly, " If you really don't want
  to go through with this now, it's not too late. Angela has kinda understudied
  for you and she's game if you're not, but I'd much rather use you because everything
  is custom built for you." He squatted down on his haunches and lowered his
  voice "You only have to give me the word Ally and we'll take you out, no questions
  asked, no hard feelings&hellip;"  
They looked at each other for a long time. He staring into her eyes looking
  for signs that she was wavering but he didn't see any. He thought he saw anticipation
  and determination and excitement but that could have been his own imagination
  and as they continued to stare at each other and as anxiety began to set in
  he finally saw what he had been waiting for. A tiny almost imperceptible little
  nod and a "just get on with it" that was all run into one and could have been
  a cough and he put a hand on her bare knee and said  
"Thank you Allison! Thank you very much!" Very quietly and then got up.  
He turned to his wife.  
"Darling I think it's only fair that I finish off here. Would you like to
  get things moving downstairs whilst Sarah and I make Allison uncomfortable!" It
  was said with a grin.  
Lady Heather smiled back,  
"Why of course my love. How could I deprive you of a little quality time
  with a victim?" And she kissed him on the cheek, gathered the keys to the ambulance
  and went quietly downstairs.  
The Bishop turned back to Ally.  
"I think we should enable your restraints now Allison." And with that he
  turned to Angela who had been hovering behind him with the remote in her hand
  like a magician's assistant. He was just about to take it from her when he
  noticed the look of disappointment on her face.  
"Do you want to do it?" He whispered to her. She nodded and he relinquished
  his grip on the control and let Angela walk forward, licking her lips again
  and trying to pull down the hem of her uniform with her free hand.  
"I told you I wanted to control you Ally," She said quietly, "And now you'll
  only be able to move when I say you can!&quot; And with that she pressed the
  button and there was an audible series of clicks and the steel restraints slipped
  smoothly into place holding Ally tightly at the wrists, at the legs, around
  the chest and the waist and even at the head.  
Ally's head was held tightly to the headrest by a padded steel band.  
Not wanting to give her too much time to recover Sarah moved quickly forward,
  gave her a brief kiss on the lips and offered up the tiny bulb. Knowing what
  she had to do Ally opened her mouth and allowed Sarah to place the shield tightly
  against her front teeth and then, in response to Sarah tapping her lightly
  on the arm, she closed it again.  
Angela was still standing in front her triumphantly.  
"You can't move and now I'm going to make sure that you can't speak! " She
  whispered and pressed another button on the remote as she said it.  
Ally let out a tiny whimper as she felt the small ball in her mouth begin
  to expand rapidly forcing her mouth to close around it. In seconds her cheeks
  were beginning to inflate and Angela looked on. Drinking it all in, slowing
  down the inflation so that she could savour her discomfort. Eventually, when
  Ally was beginning to look distressed, she stopped the inflation altogether,
  dropped to one knee and stroked Ally's bandaged cheek.  
"Say something for me!" She whispered and Ally tried, she tried as hard as
  she could but all that came out was a hum at the back of her throat and Angela
  patted her cheek. She was truly enjoying having Ally as her subject.  
"Now we're going to cover your eyes," She said in a voice that was hoarse
  with excitement. "We're going to cover your eyes so you won't know where you're
  going or when I'm going to feed you the enema. You'll just have to sit there
  anticipating!"  
Sarah and The Bishop exchanged glances.  
"When are you going to do this mummification/enema shoot with Angela?" He
  asked  
"Beginning of next week if we can." Sarah replied.  
"Hmm. Well if you ask me," He said pensively, "It won't be a moment too soon!"  
*  
Of course Angela had to turn the binding of Ally's eyes into a kind of ritual
  and they expected that, but even Trevor the Cameraman appeared to be in some
  slight discomfort when they finally left the suite.  
Angela picked up the first eye pad and, holding it delicately in her hand,
  moved forward and knelt once more in front of Allison.  
"You can't speak, you can't move and very soon you won't even be able to
  see and to do any of those things in future you are going to need my permission.
  Do you understand?" The two girls stared at each other and such was the rapport
  between them that Ally nodded as if hypnotised.  
"You're mine now!" Intoned Angela quietly and pressed the adhesive edged
  pad into place over Ally's right eye, following it swiftly with the corresponding
  pad on the left. Then she got up quickly, dragging her uniform below her stocking
  tops as she did it, reached for a roll of bandage and began to wind it around
  and around Ally's padded and sightless eyes and all the time she was whispering
  to her.  
"I control you Ally. I control you totally and utterly! I wanted to take
  away your hearing as well but then I thought that without that you wouldn't
  be able to hear me. To hear the person who is in charge of you. Who controls
  you. Who controls your body and wants to control your soul!" The word seemed
  to reverberate around the quiet suite. Sarah looked a little flushed and the
  Bishop shifted uncomfortably on one leg.  
"From now on Allison you are MINE. Totally and utterly mine!" She leant forward
  and kissed Ally on her bandaged cheek, took the blanket from the floor that
  had originally covered the wheelchair and laid it carefully over her charge,
  tucking it in here and there to cover the restraints. Then she picked up the
  remote control, slipped it into a pocket, walked behind the wheelchair and
  grasped the handles and said brightly, as if nothing had happened,  
"Well? Are we ready to go?"  
TO BE CONTINUED  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER TWELVE  
"Would you really have licked my pussy if I'd have asked?"  
Liz tutted and continued turning and turning the steering wheel, hauling
  the little car round to follow the ambulance which had finally sprung into
  life and was, even now, heading out of the car park and into the Edgware Road.  
She flicked Linda a glance in the driving mirror.  
"What a bloody time to start an inquisition!" Then she threw the real Linda,
  not her mirror image, a pointed stare, "And if you're thinking of using your
  little friend," She looked quickly down at her crotch, "To force a confession,
  I wouldn't, unless you really want us both to end up in a bus or something!"  
Linda smiled to herself,  
"Just wondering that was all!"  
"Yeah, well you can keep your wondering to yourself!" She braked gently bringing
  them to a halt just behind the ambulance and just before the flyover. "If you
  must know," She said quietly, having had a little time to think, "Then the
  answer is &hellip;I don't know&hellip;it's not something I exactly do every
  day but on the other hand, all the blokes in this industry are too busy sticking
  white powder up their noses to worry about sticking anything in me!" And then
  she snorted a short, but not bitter, laugh, "Does that answer your question?" Linda
  did not have the good grace to hide her smugness.  
"So you're gagging for it then!"  
She was about to round on her when the lights changed. Her whole body tensed
  as she slipped the car into gear and all was quiet apart from the gentle clacking
  of the indicators, then she suddenly relaxed, looked into Linda's smiling face
  and said,  
"Bollocks!" A little less vehemently than she could have done, smiling broadly
  as she said it and continued following the square white ambulance at a discrete
  distance through the relatively quiet and rain shiny streets.  
*  
"How is she?"  
Sarah smiled at the suddenly anxious Angela.  
"She's fine! Her blood pressure spiked a little while ago but that was just
  anxiety. She's stable at 120 over 80 now and her pulse is 60 &ndash; steady
  as a rock!"  
The ambulance, although a vehicle used primarily by film companies, was in
  fact a fully working and fitted out model as it was often used for interior
  shots.  
There was a space where wheelchairs could be slotted home securely and Ally
  had been wheeled into that position as soon as she came on board. Sarah had
  taken up position next to her and had begun attaching sticky pads to her chest
  and a cuff to her upper arm. Angela was sitting opposite looking comparatively
  anxious and Trevor the cameraman was doing his best to stay out of the way
  and yet continue to record everything that happened from the rear end of the
  vehicle nearest the double doors.  
Sarah leaned forward and spoke quietly into Allison's left ear.  
"Ally can you hear me okay?" Sarah suddenly realised just how helpless Allison
  really was and that she had put her in a dilemma of sorts. There was no way
  she could speak because of the gag and no way she could nod or indeed move
  her head in any way because of the restraining straps and if she tried to use
  the bulb in her hand to communicate it would be taken as a sign of distress.
  Sarah resolved to come up with a more efficient form of communication should
  they ever need to do this again  
"Ally listen to me! If you can hear me I want you to raise your left hand
  once." She watched the heavily bandaged figure intently, wondering whether
  the restraints would actually allow her to move at all but then she saw the
  blanket rising, she hastily pulled it off of the recumbent figure revealing
  her restraints and allowing her to see a raised left hand.  
 "Good girl! " Now I want you to use that sign for yes, okay?" Once again
  the left hand moved as much as it could against the restraint that held Ally's
  wrist snugly to the arm of the chair.  
Sarah smiled.  
"Are you comfortable?"  
There was no more than a second's pause and then the hand moved again. Sarah
  leaned closer. "Now Ally I'm going to ask you another question and this time
  if you need to say "no" I want you to move your hand twice, okay? Once for
  yes, twice for no. Understand?"  
 It was strange. It was very strange. The healthy and exuberant young girl
  of half an hour ago, reduced now to an anonymous, speechless, sightless figure.
  Dependent on them for everything.  
Once again Ally's thickly bandaged hand acknowledged Sarah's statement with
  a single movement and she suddenly realised why this felt so familiar, in the
  past she had communicated with stroke victims in much the same way.  
She patted her hand,  
"Now Ally I want you to tell me and tell me the truth: Are you feeling frightened
  or claustrophobic in any way, one for yes two for no!" Angela was watching
  them expectantly, Trevor, realising that he was unlikely to disturb Ally now,
  was in the tiny aisle on one knee pointing the camera upwards, getting the
  hand by which Ally communicated in full shot.  
They waited expectantly and the hand finally moved once, Sarah was standing
  almost immediately and reaching for a pair of blunt ended scissors to start
  to cut away the bandages.  
 And then the hand moved again.  
Sarah let out a little sigh of relief and she didn't realise that Angela
  had got up and was now sitting next to Ally on the opposite side to her.  
She indicated the bandaged girl and said,  
"Can I ask her a question?"  
Sarah shrugged her shoulders.  
"'Course you can!"  
Angela leaned in and touched Ally's cloth swathed face very briefly,  
"Hi cutie, it's me, Angela. I just want to ask you one question," she paused
  for a moment as if somehow expecting the immobile girl to react in some way
  and then she continued, "Ally, and I want you to tell me honestly, are you
  feeling horny? Are you just the teeniest bit damp down there? Is your stomach
  churning? Are you getting goose flesh?"  
Sarah made a scoffing noise although deep down it was a question that she
  had been dying to ask, having had some experience herself. There was a long
  pause when nothing seemed to happen, almost as if Ally was considering her
  reply. But when it came it came in spades.  
Ally's hand moved as far off the arm of the wheelchair as it possibly could
  and from the back of her throat came a keening sound. Almost a wail that turned
  Sarah's legs to jelly. Then she tried to move her head, tried to move it in
  the merest semblance of a nod, as far as the head restraint would allow and
  then all movement ceased. As if the effort had been all too much.  
Sarah's anxious eyes ran over the monitors, but her blood pressure was steady.
  Her pulse was up a little at 65 but she was a healthy young girl and it was
  nothing to worry about.  
Then Angela leaned so far forward that it looked as if she was trying to
  take Allison's ear into her mouth and said in a voice so husky and full of
  excitement that it made Sarah's spine tingle,  
"Would you like me to make you hornier?"  
*  
"Why have you stopped?"  
Linda looked at Liz in surprise. But Liz wasn't talking, at least not to
  her. She was already on her mobile.  
"Alistair? Alistair. Hi! It's Liz. Look we've had a problem and we're going
  to be late&hellip;I don't know, probably about half an hour, shouldn't be much
  more&hellip;yeah, yeah&hellip;Now it's top end of Hampstead Heath right? Yeah,
  yeah I know Jack Straw's Castle &hellip; and it's just down the road from there?
  Okay, okay, that's great. Tell Trevor just to keep filming and I'll be there
  as soon as. Any messages and I'll deal with them when I get there. Yes Alistair,
  you ARE in charge but I wouldn't let too many people know that if I were you!
  Yes. Yes. Yeees! Don't worry about it and I'll be there as soon as I can! Okay.
  Bye!"  
Linda turned to her slightly mystified.  
"What's wrong?"  
Liz smiled at her,  
"What's the matter? Are you worried? Worried I might attack you or something?"  
There was a kind of half smile playing at the corners of Linda's mouth but
  she said nothing.  
"Think I might want to get the key back off you and maybe do the same to
  you?"  
Linda didn't move or speak and the half smile stayed stubbornly in place
  but her silence wasn't fazing Liz.  
"Had it occurred to you that I might want to take you up on your offer?"  
Motionless still, staring straight at Liz, after what seemed to be an age,
  Linda finally spoke.  
" What? Lick my pussy? Why? Fancy a piece a rough, do ya?"  
It caught her off guard. And the whole thing whirled through Liz's mind.
  It had been hard enough for her to even broach the subject without having it
  turned on its head in this fashion, she racked her brain for any possibility
  that what Linda had just said might have been true and that was enough.  
Enough time for Linda to strike.  
Liz saw her reach a hand into her pocket but it was if she was watching the
  whole thing on television. It just didn't seem to connect with her reality.
  With what was going on in the here and now. And when the first wave struck,
  it doubled her up, not in agony but in sheer pulsating, whirling, pleasure.  
And then, as quickly as it struck, it was gone.  
Liz tried to gain her composure, tried to look up at Linda, tried to say
  something, but it hit her again, harder, faster, stronger, than before. She
  tried to stay upright. Tried not to let her stomach muscles sag, tried to tighten
  them. But she was already weakened by the very presence of the smooth little
  J bar and the tiny arm that was constantly rubbing, she thought of it as caressing,
  her sensitive little clitoris.  
So weakened (or was it empowered?) that since she had had the chastity belt
  forcibly fitted on her nearly five hours ago she had only needed to smoke one
  single cigarette and she had ground that out after a couple of puffs.  
So weakened that just one short burst of the attached vibrating mechanism
  left her feeling giddy and stupid and wanting to kiss the nearest person and
  wanting to touch and be touched and hold and be held and many, many other things
  that she couldn't even begin to put into words.  
The vibrations stopped. She was soft and moist and ever so receptive. She
  didn't need the third burst to do anything that Linda told her &ndash; but
  she got it anyway.  
"So you want to lick my pussy do ya?" Linda's voice drifted towards her through
  the fog of her own emotions.  
"Yes! Please! Let me please! I want to! I think I need to! AAAAAARRRGH!"  
It was a short sharp and very effective. A single burst, on what appeared
  to be maximum power that threatened to tear her whole psyche apart.  
"Dunno if I should do that! Means I'd be somehow dependent on you then wouldn't
  it?"  
Liz was almost in a panic,  
"No! No! 'Course it wouldn't. No! NO! Don't do it again. Please don't do
  it again&hellip; I really think&hellip;I really think I'll come if you do!"  
Linda could not help but smile.  
Not only had she turned the tables on Liz completely but also, for the first
  time in a very, very, long time, she was actually feeding on someone's emotions,
  consciously and knowingly gorging herself on Liz's raw and untapped feelings.
  On her fear and her panic and her excitement.  
She sat motionless in the dim glow of the street lamps; they were in a small
  suburban street with semi-detacheds all around them. It was starting to rain
  again.  
"So you don't want to come again then?"  
"No! I mean no. I mean&hellip;oh please Linda, not here, not right now pleeease."  
Linda was doing the very thing that she totally despised. She was bullying
  Liz and she was doing it because she could, because she was enjoying it, because
  it was satisfying her, because it was somehow fulfilling her.  
She could not help herself. It was ten thirty or thereabouts. Already upstairs
  lights were on and curtains were drawn. They would only be exposed for a minute
  at the most. Linda took a calculated risk.  
"Turn round. Face the door. Hands behind your back!"  
She did it. She didn't hesitate or argue. She didn't even blink.  
Liz just did as she was told.  
Under normal circumstances Linda would have said something. Something like "Trust
  me!" or something similar. But right now she was too wired. Too overdosed on
  Liz's emotions.  
RIGHT NOW SHE DIDN'T CARE WHETHER LIZ TRUSTED HER OR NOT!  
"Hold still!" The friend she had met earlier had supplied it. Or rather,
  she had seen it hanging in an upstairs closet and had asked if she could borrow
  it and now she was pulling it out of her bag. Soft, black and smelling strongly
  of leather.  
And in one short movement she had it above Liz's head and in seconds it was
  over her it and she was pulling it snugly down.  
The black leather discipline helmet covered her eyes completely because the
  blindfold that could be snapped on and off was already in place and then she
  was holding her head in one hand and pushing at the mouth area with the other.  
A little calmer now.  
Telling her softly to "open", meaning, "open your mouth", and she did. She
  opened her mouth and the attached pear shaped gag slid smoothly inside and
  all Linda had to do then was fasten the attached collar and slip the handcuffs
  from her bag onto her wrists, click them in place. The ratchets engaging seeming
  to satisfy her somehow and then double locking just to make sure. Just to make
  doubly sure that her prisoner could not escape.  
"You're a randy little bitch! I know you are. And you want to cum! But you
  don't want this to end. Not yet. You haven't a clue what I'm going to do to
  you and you don't really care right now do you?"  
 Silence!  
Unedifying, unsatisfying silence!  
So she slapped her.  
It came out of the blue and she did it because she could. She turned Liz's
  head; her sightless trusting head and she slapped her. Harder than she should
  but not hard enough, please God, to hurt. Just to surprise. To stun. To shock!  
There wasn't even a yelp!  
In seconds she was unlocking the doors and pushing Liz out into the street.  
She didn't have much time, she knew that. Then she was out too and her pulse
  was racing and she had hold of Liz by the forearm and she was propelling her
  to the hatchback and pulling it open, pushing her inside, pulling down the
  door and watching the built in shelf cover her, saying "stay there, don't move
  and don't make a sound!" and closing it with a satisfying clunk and going back,
  as slowly as she could, to the drivers door, getting in and remembering her
  seat belt.  
Clicking it in place.  
Turning the ignition key and feeling it rev smoothly into life. Closing the
  door almost as an afterthought. Adjusting the seat. Looking in the rear-view
  mirror. Listening for any signs of distress and then pulling away, one foot
  on the accelerator, one on the clutch. Blood pounding in her ears.  
Adrenaline pumping.  
Pussy spasming.  
Knickers soaked.  
Wanting to rub or just touch her clit, which seemed to be throbbing.  
Liz in the back, hidden from view.  
Sweating?  
Anxious?  
 Frightened?  
 Turned on?  
All her rules broken in two short minutes.  
She wanted to floor the accelerator and screech away from the kerb. But she
  didn't  
All of a sudden common sense and fear kicked in and her hands were trembling.
  But she didn't know how much of that was from sheer, raw excitement and how
  much was stark terror.  
And then she was away. Away from the kerb and pulling rapidly away from the
  street in which she had just, to all intents and purposes, kidnapped someone,
  to take them&hellip;  
God knows where!  
TO BE CONTINUED  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER THIRTEEN  
"Oh! You've put little cotton panties on her. Ah, they're so cute!"  
Sarah looked at Angela warily. At the moment she regarded Ally as a patient
  and her as a fairly loose cannon. It had occurred to Sarah a while ago, that
  the best thing to do with a loose cannon is to make certain that it is secure.  
She frowned,  
"Remember her blood pressure and her pulse Angela, we don't want to raise
  them unnecessarily, so you can take your hand off her thigh and pull down her
  gown for a start!"  
Angela's soft, moist, glossy lips almost pouted.  
"It's only because you've got her hooked up to that machine, you wouldn't
  worry otherwise!"  
Sarah became pragmatic.  
"Well right now she IS connected to the machine and I AND YOU are in charge
  of her safety, so no more shenanigans young lady!"  
Now Angela's pout materialised.  
"But she likes it! And you know she does!" And before Sarah could reply Angela
  was rubbing her soft cheek against Ally's bandaged one and was talking softly
  into her ear.  
"You DO like it, don't you Ally? You like me being in control. You like me
  doing things to you&hellip;" There was a long pause and Angela got so close
  she was literally breathing into Ally's' ear, then she moved her head slightly
  and bit gently into the bandaged lobe, "Tell me Ally! Tell me you like it!
  Tell me it's exciting you&hellip;"  
Sarah was staring hard at the monitors.  
"Her pulse is up to seventy and her blood pressure is rising!"  
"Of course it is!" Whispered Angela hoarsely, "Of course it is. Tell me you're
  excited Ally, go on!"  
And very slowly Allison's left hand rose a few inches from the arm of the
  wheelchair and once again she attempted, albeit virtually ineffectually, to
  nod her head.  
Angela looked at Sarah in undisguised triumph.  
"See?"  
Sarah did not look at Angela, she didn't need to, she had the facts in front
  of her.  
"Pulse seventy five and rising, blood pressure one hundred and thirty over
  ninety."  
But Angela had the bit between her teeth.  
"You love it don't you Ally, you're absolutely helpless and I can do what
  I want to you!" She paused, not taking her eyes off her charge for a single
  second and withdrew from her pocket the remote control. She touched Ally's
  bandaged face." It's that time Allison. Time to fill you full of fluid. Time
  to give you that enema&hellip;"  
"Pulse eighty, blood pressure increasing; one hundred and thirty over ninety-five." Sarah
  was watching the screens with one eye and watching Angela with the other.  
She touched Ally's face,  
"I'm going to do it very slowly Ally. In a few seconds I'm going to inflate
  that nozzle so that it forms a nice watertight seal. You'll feel it expanding
  inside you, like it's growing there and you'll feel it getting bigger and bigger&hellip;"  
"Pulse eighty five, blood pressure one hundred and forty over one hundred." Sarah.
  A dull, unexcited monotone masking the concern within  
"And then, just when you think you can't take any more pressure&hellip;It'll
  stop and as soon as it stops I'm going to open that valve and you'll feel the
  shock, the shock as that warm water starts to flow into you and because you're
  sitting on it, your own body weight will push it further and further into you
  and it will feel very strange at firs, all that water flowing up inside you&hellip;"  
"Pulse ninety, blood pressure one hundred and fifty over one hundred and
  five!"  
"And YOU will be doing all the forcing, YOU will push it higher and higher
  and I can STOP the flow&hellip; or I can speed it up and I, and I will totally
  control you Ally!"  
"Pulse ninety five, blood pressure one hundred and sixty over one hundred
  and ten!"  
"But I won't stop the flow. Not until I've filled you up completely. Not
  until there are two quarts of water inside your bowels. Not until your body
  starts to cramp and it WILL cramp Allison. And those cramps will be so delicious
  to watch. So absolutely delicious. Because I caused them and only I can make
  them stop&hellip;"  
"Pulse one hundred, blood pressure one hundred and seventy over one hundred
  and fifteen."  
"... and I WON'T make them stop! I want you to feel that you're going to
  burst and I want your mind to be full of one thing and one thing only&hellip; ME!
  I want you to think only of me Allison because I'm the only one who can help
  you now and I'm inflating the nozzle; can you feel it? Can you? Just a few
  more pumps&hellip; are you ready Allison? Because&hellip;"  
"Pulse one hundred and ten, blood pressure one hundred and eighty over one
  hundred and twenty."  
"...because I'm opening the valve &hellip;&hellip;NOW!"  
All hell seemed to break loose in the ambulance at that moment. The normally
  brilliant white fluorescent lights snapped out, came back on for a few seconds
  and snapped back out again and a klaxon, a loud, loud klaxon that sounded like
  something from the ghost train at a fun fair, started to wail  
 At the same time the connecting door to the driver's cab flew open and a
  figure appeared. Before Angela could do anything, Sarah was out of her seat
  and bearing down on her, and as the lights came on again they glinted on something
  shiny in Sarah's hand, something with a sharp looking metal point.  
Angela tried to scream but the figure from the cab had grabbed her by now
  and stifled her scream with a hand firmly placed over her mouth. Sarah was
  grasping her arm and pulling up her uniform sleeve. She tried to struggle but
  she was overwhelmed and let out a muffled shriek as Sarah pushed the object
  in her hand firmly into her upper arm and then she was forced to the floor
  and held her there until her struggles ceased.  
*  
Linda eased the car down a rutted dirt track made treacherous by the rain.
  The suspension squealed and the little car wobbled from side to side as she
  drove further and further down the road and into the brush and undergrowth
  of the Heath.  
She wasn't even in her own "manor" but she hadn't had the time to drive out
  to Epping Forest. To High Beach where she had spent a lot of time in her middle
  teens. Where "park ups" were commonplace and the area so littered with, what
  at that time were euphemistically called "courting couples," that the police
  hadn't even bothered to patrol it.  
Things change, but she still knew the East of the City better than she knew
  the North and her lack of care in this whole business was nagging away at the
  back of her mind, but something, some hidden need, forced her on.  
She realised that the Jimmy Choo high heels, strappy, black, minimalist and
  leaving most of her foot bare, were not exactly right for this terrain as soon
  as she stepped out of the car and her right heel began to sink, but she ploughed
  forward until she reached the back and pulled open the hatchback.  
The hooded figure did not appear to have moved since she had forced her in
  there she lay curled up in a foetal position, her arms fixed tightly behind
  her back now Linda reached forward and snapped something onto the collar that
  held the hood in place.  
"Come on!" she barked and tugged on the leash that she had attached to the
  collar.  
*  
"Well?"  
Sarah looked up.  
"Well, all things considered, it's not as bad as it could be. Her pulse is
  steady at 80, which is a bit high for her, but nothing too worrying and her
  blood pressure is now one forty five over 90, which again is higher than is
  normal but acceptable, considering her situation. What I'm more worried about
  is the fact that we can't turn that bloody enema off and that that stupid little
  cow seems to have stuck it on full. How is she by the way?"  
Lady Heather, in her paramedic's uniform, touched Angela's head and she groaned
  a little.  
"Okay. Woozy. Sleepy. And she knows she's not going anywhere. Not now and
  not for some time to come!"  
Sarah gave a little grunt of satisfaction and smiled to herself.  
The vallium had been Vicki Chaudhari's idea. An idea which Sarah had, in
  the first instance, strongly opposed, but Vicki had eventually persuaded her
  that if Ally became too excited and too restless on the Thursday night then
  a sedative would be a sensible precaution, allowing her to spend a quiet and
  peaceful night before the strenuous day ahead of her on Friday.  
Vicki had prescribed intravenous vallium because it was more effective and
  would work more quickly than tablets. Sarah had packed a small medical bag
  only that morning with two ampoules, prepared if necessary, to administer it
  to Ally if she became too excited. She had no idea that she would have to use
  it on Angela  
She looked at her now as she lay peacefully on the stretcher opposite. The
  Bishop was very strongly opposed to the use of drugs or alcohol on the grounds
  that it made the sort of things he did extremely unwise and unsafe and apart
  from her addiction to colonic irrigation they all knew her to be a strict vegetarian
  and to be both alcohol and drug free. Consequently the vallium, when administered,
  had affected her relatively quickly and once she was subdued it had been a
  simple matter to strip her of all her clothes and lay her naked and semi conscious
  on the stretcher.  
The equipment in the ambulance included apparatus for breaks and fractures.
  Tools, in other words, for keepings limbs rigid and immobile in the event of
  road traffic accidents and the like and there were all kinds of inflatable,
  transparent splints on board.  
Sarah, Lady Heather and The Bishop, knowing Angela's proclivities and her
  tendency to go a little over the top at times, had formulated a contingency
  plan which would not only deal with any problems that she might cause but also
  provide Ally with a companion for a while.  
They had resolved to give her her head and see what happened, but Sarah had
  access to a small panic button, which in normal circumstances would also alert
  headquarters should a patient attack a paramedic, but in this case went off
  only in the cab. The alarm was silent. It was The Bishop who had switched off
  the lights and activated the klaxon to distract Angela and it had been Lady
  Heather who had stepped though the connecting door to come to Sarah's assistance.  
Once she was convinced she was subdued, Lady Heather had begun Angela's immobilization.
  She had attached inflatable splints from ankle to above the knee on both legs
  and then attached two similar arm immobilisers that ran from the wrist to just
  below the armpit. She had then attached a small cylinder of compressed air
  to each one in turn and inflated them until they were hard.  
She had then instructed the barely conscious and yawning Angela to try to
  move her arms and legs. There was no movement, but just to make sure, she had
  run her fingers along the soles of Angela's bare feet and although she had
  reacted, neither her arms nor legs had moved.  
The surgical collar came next. Again inflatable, it fit snugly around Angela
  's neck and prevented any movement there. What was especially pleasing about
  this bondage was that although Angela was immobile, all her restraint s were
  transparent so she didn't appear to be overly restricted at all.  
Finally Lady Heather had eased open her mouth, slid a large gauge airway
  inside and secured it there with surgical tape. Although she could breathe
  freely, she was unable to make a sound, which was exactly what they wanted.  
At Sarah's suggestion however, they decided to bandage her ankles and wrists
  to the stretcher to prevent her from falling and in keeping with the theme
  of her bondage Sarah had produced two things that she had been saving for another
  time.  
"Seems quite appropriate somehow," She had told Lady Heather who had gazed
  gleefully at the two objects, a transparent and inflatable dildo with an attached
  bulb to pump it up and its cousin, a transparent and inflatable, butt plug,
  new on the market and ripe for testing.  
Angela's eyes had grown very, very, wide when the two women had explained
  to her, in considerable detail, exactly what the objects were and how they
  were going to be used. Lady Heather had taken great delight in applying lubricant,
  first between Angela's legs, taking care to accidentally smooth some onto her
  clitoris at the same time, and then, having undone her bonds and rolled her
  onto her stomach, to her tiny, puckered and pink little rosebud with a gloved
  and very greasy index finger.  
They had inserted the dildo first, whilst Angela had watched, as best she
  could. They had semi inflated it so that it would slide into her little nest
  easily enough and once in they had secured it there with a lot of surgical
  tape. Lady Heather had then taken great delight in inflating it, via the bulb,
  with a series of strong, rhythmic, pumps. Pumps which had increased the dildo
  from six inches long to nearly twelve and which had left the unwitting wearer
  gasping for breath.  
Not giving her time to recover, Heather had then rolled her over on to her
  front and to several muted cries which had been stopped only by a series of
  sharp slaps on both buttocks, which caused them to wobble delightfully, she
  had then begun to slide the partially inflated butt plug into place.  
"Remember what you said to Ally about the enema nozzle?" She asked with a
  broad grin on her face.  
Her question was met with silence so she slid, without ceremony, the butt
  plug into Angel's vulnerable little rectum without any further preamble. Angela
  now knew better than to cry out, she just moaned through her airway gag. A
  moan that sounded quite pitiful to Lady Heather.  
"Now does this jog your memory any?" Asked the Tall woman and Angela did
  her best to nod her head. "Thought it might! Well now who controls you? Huh?
  Who's got your little ass full of dildo? Full of dildo that can inflate just
  as much as the one in that sweet little pussy of yours. Yup! I can make this
  blow up to at least twice the size and keep it that way. How d'ya like those
  apples honey?"  
And for the first time in all the time that Lady Heather had known her, Angela
  remained absolutely silent.  
TO BE CONTINUED   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER FOURTEEN  
Hampstead Heath station is the deepest on the London Tube at one hundred
  and ninety feet below ground. The tracks that run under the Heath itself are
  nearly two hundred and twenty feet below the surface and at roughly four hundred
  and sixty feet above sea level the Heath is also one of the highest points
  in London, along with Crystal Palace, Alexandra Palace, Primrose Hill and Forest
  Hill.  
None of this particularly bothered Linda Hutton at eleven fifteen on a wet
  Thursday evening in October, but the wind that ravaged the scrub and seemed
  likely to freeze her to the spot, certainly did.  
They were well off the beaten track, which was just the way she wanted it,
  in a fairly large copse off Parliament Hill Fields that seemed quiet and deserted.
  The night sky was full of scudding clouds and there was no sign of the moon.  
The more Linda pulled the hooded and handcuffed Liz and the more she stumbled
  or stopped or even hesitated so the more her excitement grew. Here she was
  pulling a bound and gagged victim to a fate that she knew absolutely nothing
  about and it thrilled her to the bone.  
She had done things with Sarah. Consensual things, some of them very heavy,
  very draining emotionally, but they had all been at Sarah's insistence. She
  didn't know if Liz would consent to this or not but, more worryingly, she didn't
  care.  
She respected Sarah's limits. She respected Sarah and she would never knowingly
  do anything that she openly objected to. But what did that say about her feelings
  toward Liz?  
The tree had been perfect. Not a leaf on it and very few branches. If it
  wasn't dead or dying it was certainly in the process of doing so. Linda had
  pushed Liz against the slim silver birch. Pushed her hard. Heard twigs break
  under her booted feet  
She had been tempted to take her boots off and to make her walk barefoot
  through the mud and the general detritus of the Heath but she had thought better
  of it, knowing that she could seriously injure herself and that tetanus would
  be the least of her worries.  
She hit the tree with a thump and it shook. Before she could recover her
  senses and already disorientated by the hood and the blindfold, Linda was behind
  her, the key to the cuffs in her hand. She opened them and pulled her wrists
  behind the tree then she closed them, elated somehow by the smoothness of the
  ratchets and the satisfying noise they made as they rasped home.  
Liz was now handcuffed to the tree. She still hadn't moaned or grunted or
  made any kind of noise, not even when she had stumbled and nearly fallen over.  
 And the less noise she made so the harsher Linda had treated her, wanting
  her to try to cry out through the pear shaped monstrosity that filled her mouth.  
Wanting her to struggle or object.  
Wanting her to do anything that suggested she was trying to fight this. This
  loss of freedom. This outrage.  
But she didn't  
A doormat  
Someone you could walk all over and Linda hated them. Hated them more than
  anyone could possibly imagine. To her a real submissive was a real pain in
  the arse!  
Everyone had his or her limits.  
Everyone drew the line somewhere, Sarah certainly did and she respected her
  for that.  
But Liz, Liz had just let her do what she wanted.  
Those sort of submissives really creeped her out, they were the people who
  worried her. A lot of her friends were switches. In other words they could
  take it and they could also dish it out, but she didn't have Liz figured for
  one of those.  
Liz was a taker and that drained you. Drained you mentally and physically.  
With a switch there was always a dilemma. How far could you go? What could
  you do before she would come right back at you? But ultimately the Liz's of
  this world, the takers, the doormats, left you listless and stagnant.  
But that was in the future and although she would hate herself for it, right
  now there was nothing more exciting to her than topping a genuine submissive.  
Once.  
Once and only once.  
 After that she would have to be discarded.  
 Dropped.  
Gently at first.  
And then if that didn't work she would have to be harder and tell her some
  home truths.  
She DID hate herself sometimes, but then so does everybody at some time or
  another.  
Liz was still upright . Her head parallel with the tree trunk. Linda wished
  she had a whip with her, but she didn't normally go equipped to tie people
  up and beat them al fresco, at least not these days, and there was nothing
  immediately to hand that she could use without doing her some serious physical
  and mental damage. She had thought briefly about stinging nettles applied to
  her breasts and maybe even her crotch and although the thought had appealed
  to her, she had discarded it, or at least she had mentally put it to one side.  
Nettles would sting and they would cause the skin to blister and the blisters
  would itch. For a few days they would itch terribly and it made her moist just
  thinking about it&hellip; but she couldn't&hellip;. could she?  
The thought of it, the very thought of undoing Liz's jeans and pulling them
  down then pulling up her jumper and unhooking her bra leaving her naked from
  ankles to neck apart from her panties and chastity belt, tied to a tree with
  her big and only slightly saggy tits visible. The very thought made her shiver
  with anticipation  
 Then with Liz still handcuffed, still gagged and hooded, she would unlock
  the belt, which she should be able to do without disturbing her knickers, and
  then&hellip;  
Mmm, and then she would just cup her hand to Liz's crotch through her panties.
  She had a feeling in the back of her mind that even out here and even in this
  wind she would be able to smell her excitement and probably even see it!  
The thought of seeing that wet little CK thong excited her. The thought of
  seeing the crotch dark with the results of her arousal would probably drive
  her wild and all she had to do was ease a couple of fingers into her crack
  with the thong still in place and tease her a little.  
Maybe finger fuck her for a while, easing that silk thong in and out of her
  wet hole until she had to, she just fucking had to, moan and groan and try
  to beg.  
And then she would withdraw her fingers and leave her high and dry whilst
  she studied those panties, those dark, moist panties  
No! Not moist! Soaking! They would be fucking soaking!  
 And then when Liz was least expecting it she would unceremoniously rip those
  knickers off her. Leaving her shocked and confused&hellip;and wanting more  
Bare skin on raw wet pussy. Sopping wet pussy. Fragrant, warm, aroused pussy
  and there would be no preamble, she would just slide her fingers straight in
  and finger fuck her and finger fuck her until she was screaming as best she
  could through her gag and Linda's fingers would be pistoning in and out of
  her willing snatch and then as soon as the screams reached a certain pitch,
  whey they reached a certain level of muted and frustrated agony, she would
  dive right in.  
Regardless of how wet the ground was she would be on her knees, smelling
  that pussy, breathing it in. Smelling Liz's excitement mingled with her fear.
  And then she would move forward so that Liz could feel something. Something
  indeterminate. Something, Linda had no doubt that she had never felt before.  
The soft warm breath of another woman against her fanny!  
And she would brush against it, teasing her and tormenting her. If this were
  in another place and at another time, it would please her to keep it up for
  hours. A kiss here and a touch there. Tongue on her clit. Warm breath on it.
  She knew for a fact that that could be absolutely excruciating. Just breathing.
  Breathing gently against her clit and maybe a touch or two, very occasionally
  and perhaps as a little treat, and better still, a lick or two.  
Linda shook her head. She was back in the here and now and she was already
  on her knees on the wet ground. It had occurred to her some time ago that she
  was going to have difficulty explaining their absence and their undoubtedly
  dishevelled appearance when they finally arrived at the studio, but still she
  didn't care.  
There was no time for niceties, she decided against undoing her chastity
  belt yet and so Linda stood up and slipped a hand under Liz's jumper, stroking
  her tummy and then grasping the bottom in both hands and pulling it up around
  her neck and shoulders.  
The bra was very easy. Flesh spilled out of it at the sides suggesting that
  it was either bought too small or Liz had put on weight. It was the same colour
  as her thong and it unclasped very, very easily.  
Or maybe she was getting better at it.  
It was dark in the little copse. Dark and very quiet. The noise in her ears
  was her own heart, apparently thumping away. Otherwise it was quiet, the odd
  owl, the odd noise of something scampering through the scrub but apart from
  that nothing and despite the fact that there was no moon it was light enough
  to see.  
 London is never really dark now. Not even there, four hundred and sixty
  feet above the River Thames. Not even on the darkest of nights. There would
  always be that pink glow of pollution everywhere.  
She realised that both she and Liz were scratched from the various shrubs
  and bushes and branches that she had scrambled through and Liz had been dragged
  through.  
"Well gel," She thought to herself, looking up briefly at the hooded and
  silent figure "At least your hair won't be in same state as mine!"  
 She had the urge to bite those slightly saggy tits. To just tease the nipples
  with her teeth. She was very close to Liz and just bending forward to bite
  on a nipple when she heard it.  
A low quiet sob followed by a shaking of the shoulders and then more sobs.  
Linda took a step back, reeling in shock.  
She had reached her limit!  
She hadn't even had the sense to give Liz a safe word or sound.  
Cursing herself, despising herself, she took the few paces over to her discarded
  bag and fumbled around in the dark for the key. On reaching Liz and grabbing
  at her wrists she was mortified to see that they were chafed and bloody and
  that small patches of skin were already hanging off.  
They key didn't slip in as easily as it should, perhaps because there was
  a slight tremor in her hands, but it went in eventually and the ratchets sounded
  and the cuffs opened just as smoothly as they had closed. She put them in the
  pocket of her jacket and then began to undo the collar and the helmet.  
Unbuckling the collar was easy enough but, in order to take off the helmet
  she had to worry the gag out of Liz's mouth, pulling and teasing until it eventually
  popped out, huge and slippery with saliva. Only then was she was able to pull
  the hood off with relative ease.  
Liz's head fell forward, her hair covering her face. Stricken with remorse
  Linda held her and tried to rub some circulation into her raw right wrist.
  She wasn't sobbing any more and it was some seconds before Linda could say
  anything.  
"Liz! Liz look, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry!" All her thoughts, all her bad
  thoughts about Liz vanished now. All she could think of were the possible consequences.
  Liz could go to the police. She could press charges&hellip;  
"Liz&hellip;" Still she didn't move. Still she said nothing, "Liz for fuck's
  sake&hellip;"  
"Fuck? FUCK NOTHING ! FUCK YOU! YOU FUCKING BITCH!"  
Liz had raised her head and tossed it to take the hair out of her face, she
  was staring into Linda's eyes now. Linda hadn't expected her to be like this,
  jaw set, eyes wild and staring.  
 Wild with anger, there was no fear there, just raw pitiless anger.  
Linda was stunned and she was even more stunned when Liz raised her knee
  and bought it up, hard, into her stomach.  
Caught off guard, Linda fell backward, trying to reach out at the same time
  to save herself, but Liz didn't want her saved.  
She didn't see the punch, and it WAS a punch and not a slap, that knocked
  her onto her back. A hard uppercut that cracked her jaws together. That made
  her literally see a flash of white light as it connected.  
She knew she was falling and she knew that she couldn't stop herself.  
She hit the wet ground with a thump and tried to roll, tried to roll away
  from Liz, but that wasn't what Liz wanted.  
A kick.  
A hard kick to the face that Linda's movement managed to deflect and then
  another and another. She bought her arms up over her head to try to ward off
  the blows but then Liz was on the ground beside her pulling at her hands and
  then pulling at her hair.  
She had a clump in her hand and she ripped at it so fiercely Linda thought
  it was going to come away from the scalp  
Once, many years ago, Linda had seen a pub fight. A fight to which the police
  had been called and she had had no option but to watch as a young policewoman
  had attempted to calm down one of the participants, a man whose eyes reminded
  her of Liz's right now. Seeing that he was beyond calming down she had tried
  to arrest him and before her colleagues could reach her he had literally ripped
  out a handful of her hair leaving everyone in the vicinity covered in blood
  from the profusely bleeding scalp wound.  
Liz had let go of her hair but only for a second. Linda knew that she was
  trying, really trying, to rip it from her head and now her self-preservation
  mechanism seemed to kick in, because before, where she had felt pity for Liz,
  she now regarded her as an enemy and in the past Linda had had lots of enemies.  
She had despised Liz earlier because, more than twenty years ago, that had
  been her. A doormat, someone who could be pushed around, manipulated, trampled
  on, but not any more. Linda had learned to fight and fight hard but not always
  cleanly and her next move took Liz by surprise.  
She hadn't had a chance to cover herself up and her breasts were exposed.
  She was angry and she had a lot of raw strength, not quite enough to tear Linda's
  hair away from her scalp but Linda's sudden movement almost did it for her.  
Her head shot forward and before Liz could defend herself she had bitten
  hard, very hard into her left nipple. Liz screamed but she would not let go
  of Linda's hair so Linda opened her jaws a fraction and bit down with full
  force.  
This time Liz's agonised scream was soul wrenching but Linda didn't care,
  she almost expected to taste blood in her mouth, but she didn't. Her other
  hand was now wrenching at Liz's right nipple twisting as hard as she could
  and under that onslaught Liz had no option but to let go of Linda's hair allowing
  the taller of the two women to scramble to her feet.  
 But now Liz was up too. She kicked high, just missing Linda's nose. Linda
  went into a crouch, locked both hands together and swung her joined fist with
  all the strength she could muster into Liz's belly. She groaned and crumpled
  at the waist.  
"You're a big woman but you're out of shape!"  
Linda didn't know why she said or where it had come from. It was a line from
  a film she had seen a long time ago. The taunt only served to enrage Liz who
  threw herself at her and swung a punch that connected with Linda's nose this
  time. It didn't break, she knew how it felt when your nose was broken, but
  she could feel the blood running from it already.  
Despite the gloom Liz could see the blood, she could see that she had hurt
  Linda and she moved in for the kill.  
 Another punch.  
Why did this bloody woman punch instead of slap like most women?  
This time it caught her just above the right eyebrow and it split the skin,
  the soft delicate skin there. Blood oozing from her nose and now from the cut
  above her eye Linda knew she had to finish this right away. She saw her bag
  on the floor and, knowing that it was too late for dignity, threw herself onto
  the muddy ground.  
She hit a particularly wet area and felt the mud splatter all over her but
  she didn't care. She was just reaching inside the bag when she heard Liz behind
  her, breathing heavily, cursing her.  
"You fucking bitch. You dirty, fucking, no good, fucking, bitch!"  
She only got a brief glimpse of the branch in her hand. It was short and
  stubby. It wouldn't kill her but it would certainly add to the damage Liz had
  already inflicted on her.  
 She just managed to roll away before the branch came crashing down onto
  the spot where her head had been moments before. When she had delved into her
  bag blindly she had, by pure luck more than anything else, found the cold,
  smooth shape she had been searching for.  
She knew it was wrong and she knew that it wasn't fair, but to lose right
  now was unthinkable. Liz was a novice and although she herself had made mistakes
  tonight there was no telling what Liz might do with the things she had available
  to her. She had to win and it didn't matter how.  
.  
She thought it was a device used only in fiction but she was desperate.  
She rolled over again, plastering her clothes in mud and, as she did so she
  scooped up a handful of the stuff with her free hand and then struggled to
  her feet, muddy, bloody and knowing that she was going to ache all over tomorrow.  
Liz was waiting for her. She seemed to have taken stock of her situation
  and seemed to realise that she had hurt Linda quite badly. She stood now, breasts
  still bare, hair tousled and clothes nowhere near as muddy as Linda's with
  the branch still in her hand.  
"Want some Bitch?" The accent had slipped. It had taken a long time and lot
  of emotion but all of a sudden Linda realised that She and Liz might not be
  as far apart as she had originally thought.  
Breathing hard Linda threw her a glance, but she didn't have time for pleasantries
  now.  
"Put the branch down Liz and we can talk, I'm sorry, Okay?"  
"Fuck sorry and fuck you! I liked you, you fucking bitch and this is what
  you do to me!"  
She lunged forward with the branch, aiming at Linda's head. Linda ducked
  and at the same time she threw the mud square into Liz's face and before she
  had any time to recover she had her thumb on the little canister in her hand
  and was spraying Mace directly into Liz's eyes.  
 
    
TO BE CONTINUED   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER FIFTEEN  
" How long before we get there, Bish?"  
"Well, my knowledge of London is not used what it used to be, but I'd say
  about ten minutes. How is she?"  
"Angela managed to screw up the remote and the whole of the enema went in
  at one hit. Sarah's with her and she seems to be okay, but I THINK she's starting
  to cramp. Are YOU okay?"  
"Fine! Haven't driven something like this for years!" The Bishop made eye
  contact with Lady Heather through the rear-view mirror. "I really am okay darling,
  just go back there and help Sarah look after Ally. Any thoughts on Angela?"  
"Yeah! She can keep Allison company tonight, there'll be room and it'll probably
  be better for her, although after all this I'm not sure she'll be pleased to
  see her!"  
Phil Bishop grinned,  
"Well they won't exactly be able to come to blows now, will they?"  
*  
"Keep your head back!"  
"Why don't you just fuck off and leave me alone? I can hardly see, my wrists
  are sore as hell and just for good measure you had to go and put those fucking
  handcuffs back on me! Oh and my feet are cold and my fucking bra is still hanging
  from some tree like some sort of flag of sexual surrender!"  
They were back at the car. Liz was sitting in the drivers seat with the door
  open and Linda was squatting in front of her. The Peppergard had subdued her
  enough for Linda to take her back there, but she had needed the handcuffs to
  ensure that Liz did not attack her again. She had also had to take her boots
  off to stop her trying to kick her.  
The two women stared at each other.  
"Yeah! Well I didn't have a lot of options. It was either that or let you
  have another pop at me!" Liz couldn't see Linda very clearly at the moment
  because of the pepper spray, which Linda was trying to wash out of her eyes
  with the contents of a bottle of mineral water she had found in the glove box.
  But she could discern that there was going to be fairly extensive bruising
  to her face, that her nose was still trickling blood and that the cut above
  her eye might need a stitch in it and, although she had never been a violent
  person, she felt extremely satisfied with her handiwork.  
*  
When she had first become involved in these things, Ally had realised that
  it was best not to try and analyse her feelings. She had had a reasonably normal
  upbringing, her parents had loved her as best they could and the fact that
  they loved her all the more because they had no feelings for each other didn't
  really seem to enter in to it.  
But some things, things that other people would find extremely perverse,
  interested and excited her and it was as if these feelings had been there from
  birth, because she had no recollection of any trigger points, any occasions
  that might have started her off on this long and definitely twisted road.  
 She was excited now.  
As excited as she had ever been. Helpless, utterly helpless. Not sight, no
  speech, totally at the mercy of the people around her, the maternal, caring
  Sarah, the slightly aloof and all the more exciting for it, Lady Heather and&hellip; and
  that bitch Angela.  
That wanton, perverse little control freak who had lorded it over her. Who
  had taken control, which had left her feeling like she was an utterly helpless
  slave to a mercurial and autocratic Mistress - and she had loved every minute
  of it.  
Even the enema.  
The enema that even at this moment was churning around inside her.  
The cramps so far were mild but they were worth it. Worth it for the moment
  Angela had told her she was pressing the button. She was well aware of the
  fact that Sarah was concerned about her and that Lady Heather had dealt with
  Angela and, from what she could gather, that she wasn't going to be allowed
  to run loose for some time, but she had loved it, that feeling of helplessness
  and the feeling as the warm water laced with wine was forced into her insides.  
The strange feeling as pints of fluid entered her, violating her, but doing
  it somehow gently. That someone was able to do this whilst she sat there bound
  and blindfolded, totally unable to do anything about it was so ridiculously
  exciting that she had found it hard to breath at times.  
The cramps were coming quicker now, but so were the little waves of pleasure
  and the little spasms in her crotch. They weren't orgasms exactly, they were
  too small for that, but her clitoris was tingling and almost jerking. Was that
  why they said that men jerked off? Or was it because a lot of them WERE just
  jerking offs anyway.  
Her mind was wandering, she knew that.  
She felt intoxicated somehow and she knew, she absolutely knew, that it was
  nothing to do with the wine that was slopping around inside of her.  
Her stomach felt distended.  
Did she look as if she were pregnant?  
What would she look like naked?  
The cramps again.  
Stronger this time, much, much stronger, but somehow much more pleasurable.  
Bloody hell! Was she wet!  
As wet as&hellip; no time for similes. She was wet and wanting and&hellip; shit!
  There were the cramps again. When she got out of this, that little bitch Angela
  was going to suffer, but maybe not before she got her to do it to her again.  
*  
"How's that?"  
"You DO know that your nose is still bleeding don't you?"  
"Are your eyes still burning?"  
"No. Actually they're not and that stuff IS illegal in this country I suppose
  you ARE aware of that?"  
"Don't get on your high horse, I ain't in the mood&hellip;"  
"&hellip;and whose fault is that exactly?"  
"Yeah, yeah, okay! Okay! Anyway, It's a long story&hellip;"  
" Well I'm listening, we aren't exactly going anywhere like this right now.
  You're in no fit state to drive and it's going to be some time before my eyes
  clear completely."  
"I can&hellip;"  
Liz didn't exactly explode but she was still impressive for someone who was
  handcuffed and barefoot and had recently been doused with pepper spray.  
"Oh no you bloody can't! Have you seen the state of yourself recently? You
  must look as pathetic as I do, but at least I haven't got blood oozing out
  of every pore so you can sit down like someone civilized and tell me about
  the spray. Oh and while you're about it you can take this fucking belt off.
  It feels like I've got a fucking food mixer shoved up my fanny!"  
*  
"Well how do you like you new home?"  
Ally looked around her in disbelief. She was in a place so big that it must
  have been a factory at one time or another. Painted in stark, but not unfriendly
  white, and with an enormous glass roof, the brightly lit building could only
  be one thing.  
A huge bronze statue stood in one corner; it had everything, truncated arms
  and legs, male genitals and large female breasts, everything, apart that is,
  from a head. In another corner hung what looked like a giant bird; a pterodactyl
  maybe, even though they weren't actually birds, made entirely form rusty iron.
  Something on the far wall caught her eye. Something huge and shaped like a
  sea gull moulded from white plaster that reminded her of something else somehow.  
She was distracted for a few seconds by a strange feeling in her mouth until
  she realised that the inflatable gag was finally going down.  
"Now open your mouth for me like a good girl!" Somehow, coming from Sarah,
  it didn't seem as patronising as it should have done. Big, busty, matronly,
  Sarah in her dark blue uniform with the sensible shoes and the black tights.
  At least she assumed they were tights&hellip;  
She did what she was told, felt fingers probing against her lips, saw Sarah's
  face close to hers and smelt her perfume. That was a novelty in itself, seeing
  for the first time in a couple of hours. Everything seemed so bright, so fresh
  and so new.  
"Gottit! Talk to me Ally! How do you feel? How's your stomach?"  
She had almost forgotten about the cramps. She was safe, she knew that the
  nozzle inside her wouldn't allow for any accidents and the sensations of being
  in a new place and being able to see had overwhelmed her and made her forget
  about any discomfort she might have been in and still she couldn't take her
  eyes off that sculpture.  
She very nearly asked for permission to speak and then she looked into Sarah's
  slightly anxious face.  
"Hi! I'm fine and my stomach's fine&hellip;"  
Sarah patted her tummy.  
"Well, that's quite a belly you've got there and it'll be better out than
  in&hellip;"  
But Ally was in a little world of her own, still staring at the sculpture.  
"Jeez, Sarah what IS that thing?"  
"That my little slave girl," The new voice made her try to turn, but although
  her head restraint had been unlocked, the rest of her was still shackled firmly
  to the chair, she recognised it all the same, "Is a representation of a clitoris,
  but over six feet high!" Wearing a little black dress with a hem only just
  above the V of her crotch, black stockings, they had to be stockings and not
  tights and probably weren't accompanied by panties either, and patent black
  shoes with four-inch stiletto heels, Vicki Chaudhari stepped artfully into
  her line of vison and ran a finger down the big white mould that was taller
  than she was.  
 Ally shivered  
 Vicki was in full flow.  
"And do you know? I've somehow got this feeling that yours feels like it's
  this big as well right now!"  
*  
"And?"  
"Don't bloody rush me! This is delicate you know, and I didn't tell ya to
  put your legs over me shoulders!"  
"I think you look nice like that&hellip; on your knees&hellip;where you should
  be&hellip;"  
"Don't push ya luck!"  
"Why haven't you taken my knickers down?"  
"Because&hellip;"  
"Because what?"  
"Just because!" Linda knew exactly why she had chosen to remove the chastity
  belt without taking off Liz's Calvin Klein thong but she certainly wasn't going
  to tell her.  
She had been forced to revise her opinion of Liz a great deal in the last
  half hour and, under the pretence that Liz might try to attack her and put
  it on her as a form of revenge, she had agreed to take off the chastity belt
  but only if she remained handcuffed while she did it  
So, whilst Linda knelt on the wet ground with a bruised face and congealed
  blood around her nose and her left eye Liz sat in the car wearing just her
  jumper, her jeans lying over the passenger seat and her bare feet and legs
  propped on Linda's shoulders.  
"And you always carry this Mace do you?"  
"Yeah! Someone I know in the States sends it over."  
"What was he like? This bloke&hellip;"  
"Just an ordinary punter," Before Liz could say anything Linda was looking
  up at her, "It was a long time ago!"  
"Don't be so defensive! We all have to make a living. God knows I've prostituted
  MYself before now. In fact I do it every day... we all do to a degree!"  
"I wasn't a prostitute!"  
Liz's face was kindly and her tone was not the slightest bit patronising,
  and not just because Linda held the key to her future chastity, either  
"No! It was a bad choice of words and I'm sorry. He stalked you for how long?"  
"Five years. My brother, the only one I talk to, the one who's in Parkhurst
  now, wanted to kill him or have him killed and he would have done too. He's
  a nice bloke but he knows some fucking hard people&hellip;now hold still!"  
"OW!"  
"Told you to hold still, it's not exactly plastic this, move the wrong way
  and it'll pinch!"  
"How many times did he attack you?"  
"Just the once and then he tried to do me for GBH but it was close. He had
  a knife Liz, but he would only have used it if&hellip;."  
"If he hadn't raped you?"  
"If he hadn't TRIED. He didn't know what hit him &ndash; I don't give up
  easily!"  
Liz smiled ruefully.  
"I know." She was interrupted by Linda's sudden cry of triumph.  
"At bloody last! Lift your arse! Come on! Lift ya bloody arse!"  
"Okay! Okay! It's not easy when you're handcuffed and your legs are up in
  the air you know!"  
"Thought you'd know all about that!" Said Linda archly and before Liz could
  reply she did what she had wanted to do all night.  
*  
"Can't I wear something?"  
Vicki Chaudhari looked pointedly at Ally.  
"Thought you'd have been glad to get the bandages off and be out of that
  chair."  
Ally studied her for a moment.  
"So naked is good is it? Naked AND handcuffed. I mean I've gone this far
  now that I'm not likely to run away. Naked AND handcuffed AND with a bloody
  great plug up my arse AND I look like I'm six months pregnant AND&hellip;"  
"Oh Ally you DO exaggerate! A woman who was six months gone would give her
  eye teeth to look like you do right now!"  
"What including the plug up her arse?"  
Sarah intervened.  
"You two! You're like an old married couple. I can see her point Vicki, it's
  not just us, it's the film crew. I think she's got used to Trevor by now but
  it's not exactly private here is it? And that nozzle, well she can't exactly
  walk with poise and grace with that sticking out of her backside!"  
"Too right! I waddle like a flaming penguin!"  
Vicki had a mischievous look on her face.  
"Well, we can soon fix that!" She said with more than a hint of glee in her
  voice.  
*  
Liz looked at Linda anxiously, but maybe not as anxiously as she might have
  been expected to under the circumstances.  
"What d'you think you're doing?"  
 Linda, however, was not in the mood to reply, she was too busy stroking
  the crotch of Liz's silk thong and then, without any warning and with Liz handcuffed
  and her legs over her shoulders, she drove her fingers deep inside her and
  even as she did it she could smell the rich pungent heady smell of an aroused
  woman.  
Despite the fabric her fingers slipped in easily, up to the knuckle.  
Linda suddenly felt calm now, oh so calm. She breathed in deeply and then
  turned her face up towards Liz's.  
"Tell me you haven't wanted that all night!" And she slipped her thumb under
  the silk and quickly found her clitoris, which she then proceeded to massage.  
Liz's eyes were closed and her head was thrown back.  
"And let you think I'm some sort of pushover? Bollocks!" Her breathing was
  hard and rasping.  
"You're no pushover Liz. I know that now! Just tell me what you want&hellip;"  
"Fuck &hellip;off!" But she didn't really mean it.  
"You haven't lost Liz you just need to let go a little and I'm sorry that
  I fucked it up before&hellip;"  
Linda was moving her fingers slowly and seductively in and out Liz, and it
  seemed as if she was no longer capable of coherent speech. She bit her bottom
  lip and slowly, very slowly, Linda withdrew her fingers.  
"S'allright!" She hushed her, "Just want to look at something. The evidence
  of Liz's arousal lay in front of her in the dark and creased crotch of her
  panties. Linda put her head between Liz's thighs and breathed in, just allowing
  her nose, her sore sensitive nose to touch her.  
"Mmm. Sopping wet and ripe. You smell gorgeous Liz. Just tell me what you
  want. Tell me what you want and I'll give it to you. No games this time. Honest!" Her
  hands were free so she began to slowly stroke her way up Liz's soft smooth
  legs. She whispered again.  
"Tell me Liz. That's all you've got to do!" She moved her head slightly so
  that her mouth was level with Liz's crotch and then she bit gently on the material
  and pulled it to one side so that she could feel Linda's warm breath on her
  most sensitive area and at the same time Linda could taste her secretions.  
Liz was moaning softly and continuously now but still she wouldn't give in,
  so Linda decided to raise the stakes. Letting go of her legs she allowed her
  hands to brush against her wet panties before tugging them down and diving
  her head straight in.  
*  
It hadn't taken Vicki long to attach a red PVC collar and lead around Ally's
  neck and with her wrists still manacled behind her, she hardly objected at
  all to the ball gag that she then pushed into her mouth and buckled adroitly
  behind her neck.  
Naked and still plugged, the enema only causing her mild discomfort. Ally
  stood naked and passive whilst Vicki took hold of her leash firmly.  
"Now we're almost ready to go walkies Ally," Said Vicki with a smile. "We're
  just waiting for someone else." And as soon as she said it a door opened to
  the left and an imperious looking Lady Heather walked in wearing leather trousers,
  peep toe pumps and a low cut silk blouse and behind her and attached to another
  collar and leash, this time in black PVC, walked a naked, gagged, handcuffed
  and very shamefaced looking Angela.  
*  
Linda ran her tongue around Liz's puckered and slightly sour tasting outer
  lips and then she moved in for the kill. Using her thumbs she slid them up
  until they were level with Liz's clitoris, eased them slightly sideways and
  began to breathe lightly onto the sensitive little bud within.  
She liked to do this for as long as she could, she would tease and tantalise
  Sarah for hours and she was pretty sure that she could do the same with Liz &ndash; if
  she had the time.  
She got closer and closer and then, ever so lightly, dabbed tongue to clit
  and fluttered it there.  
Liz was lost.  
"Oh fuck! Oh that is so good. You're a rotten fucking bitch Linda, but you've
  got a lovely tongue!"  
Linda withdrew long enough to speak.  
"Tell me Liz! Tell me what you want. Tell you what, I'll even help you; do
  you want me to finish you off with my tongue or do you want me to finger fuck
  you?"  
And then she reapplied her tongue and began to gently, ever so, ever so gently
  prise back the hood of Liz's clitoris.  
Liz was in ecstasy and eventually, it seemed to Linda like several minutes
  had passed, she spoke quietly, in a hoarse rasping whisper.  
"I'll tell you what I want, you clever bitch! I want you to lick my clit
  AND finger fuck me, how d'you feel about that?"  
And as Linda drove her fingers deep into Liz's wet nest and fluttered her
  tongue once more against her clitoris. Liz let out a scream that seemed to
  echo round the whole of Hampstead Heath.  
*  
Both Niles and Trevor were in their element. A smartly dressed woman with
  long black hair leading two naked, handcuffed, gagged and barefoot women on
  leashes round a huge studio was nectar to both of them. Unhurriedly Vicki walked
  her charges round and round knowing that very soon one of them was going to
  be quite desperate.  
After Niles had used his third memory pack Vicki could see that the strain
  on Ally was beginning to show, she was literally hopping from one leg to the
  other, just as she had expected.  
Quickly she took a tighter hold on both leashes, told the cameramen that
  Showtime was over and unceremoniously led them out through one door and into
  another,  
They were in a blue and white tiled toilet. A modern toilet and shower that
  had obviously been added fairly recently. She closed the door and turned to
  Ally.  
"Now, little slave girl, I know you're getting desperate but I just need
  you to hold on a little longer, okay?" Ally nodded but there was a look of
  desperation in her eyes. Vicki turned her attention to Angela, "Now you, Miss,
  have been very, very naughty!"  
To emphasise her words she gave Angela a sharp slap on her left buttock,
  she flinched but no sound permeated her gag.  
"You filled MY little slave girl up without permission," She continued, "And
  for that you are going to have to pay. Now get down on the floor in the shower!"Angela
  looked at her hesitantly, "I won't tell you again Angela. On the floor in the
  shower, like a good girl."  
Angela did as she was told doing her best not to lie on her bound wrists.
  Then Vicki went over to Ally.  
"Now my little slave girl, you've been very good! You've been a good little
  slave girl and because of that I'm going to let you empty yourself!&quot;  
And both Angela and Ally watched in horror as Vicki Chaudhari took hold of
  Ally's leash, led her into the shower stall and helped her to stand astride
  the prone, naked and gagged Angela.  
TO BE CONTINUED   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER SIXTEEN  
Doctor Chaudhari studied her charge.  
"Well? Feeling any better?"  
Ally nodded emphatically. She was gagged, still handcuffed and still naked
  but the utter relief was visible on her face. There was something in her eyes
  though, something that suggested that she wasn't entirely happy. Not wanting
  to play charades with a naked handcuffed mute who was going to need her hands
  free quite soon, because Vicki most definitely had her limits, she walked casually
  behind the naked girl and began to unbuckle her gag.  
"You can speak now little slave girl, it probably won't be out for long!"  
 Ally pulled a few faces to loosen up her jaw  
"Aw thanks, but I'm not used to an audience."  
Vicki smiled broadly and folded her arms.  
"It was only me and it could have been a lot worse!"  
Ally smiled,  
"Yeah I guess that's what they mean when they say that the blood drained
  out of someone's face."  
Vicki chortled  
"At that moment I think the blood drained out of her entire body! But she'll
  think twice about taking the law into her own hands in future!"  
Ally smiled but her inner thoughts got the better of her for a moment.  
"Oh!"  
"What's up."  
"Just a shiver. It's nothing really, just the thought of actually er, you
  know&hellip;"  
Vicki smiled,  
"And you think I'd have really made you do that?" Ally looked at her, her
  face blank. &quot;Oh so you do! Well, to put your mind at rest, Allison, I
  would NOT have done it. There are too many health risks," She paused and dug
  Ally slyly in the ribs, "But Angela doesn't know that and I suggest we keep
  it that way!"  
*  
"Look at us. I look like I've just won a crying competition and you look
  like you've gone 10 rounds with Mike Tyson!"  
Linda looked at Liz askance.  
"Yeah, well he only bites people's ears off! How the fuck are we gonna explain
  this? I look like I've been on a mud wrestling weekend."  
Liz looked at her with a gleam in her eye.  
"Didn't Sarah tell me that you actually had done some mud wrestling?"  
Linda raised her eyebrows and looked skyward.  
"That woman! Good job I don't tell her everything! That was years ago in
  Barbados! I was Miss Mudd 1990, but we didn't do it in our street clothes,
  we got a shower afterwards and we didn't have people trying to hit us with
  fucking sticks either!"  
Liz looked down at her boots in embarrassment.  
They were parked outside the North London studios of Toni Emmett, an award-winning
  sculptor who, in imitation of The Bauhaus, had formed a collective of artists
  who between them had renovated and redesigned a derelict factory to become
  their headquarters.  
Their work and interests were diverse but some of their collaborations dealt
  with subjects that the tabloids described as S&amp;M. and quite a lot of the
  artists involved were on the fringes of that particular discipline. Some, however,
  were nearer to the hub and one or two knew of the Bishop and were also friendly
  with Linda Hutton and Vicki Chaudhari. They had been more than willing, therefore,
  to loan their studio to the Bishop for a few days when the original venue,
  a club in Hoxton, had fallen through.  
Liz looked at Linda beseechingly.  
"What do we do?"  
Linda grinned and then winced because her face was already starting to stiffen.  
"Well I don't know about you but I'm going to tell Sarah the truth and deal
  with it. She knew what I was up to but I handled it badly. I handled YOU badly,
  misjudged you completely and let myself get carried away, that's the truth
  and I'm sorry. I'll tell your people whatever you want, Vicki or Sarah will
  probably have something for your eyes and otherwise you're not too bad, I deserved
  all I got and I'll take it on the chin!"  
Liz looked at her and her face darkened,  
"I think the less the crew know the better, it could end up in The Sun or
  The News of the World otherwise&hellip;" She paused to martial her thoughts
  and then looked directly at Linda, "&hellip;they'll probably label you a "Vice
  Girl", or something similar&hellip;"  
Linda snorted.  
"Top TV producer's romp with Vice Girl on Hampstead Heath?"  
Liz blushed,  
"Sounds about right!"  
She reached forward and touched Linda's hand.  
"I know this sounds daft but will I see you again after Saturday?"  
Linda stared straight ahead.  
Four hours ago her answer would have been simple, she wouldn't have actually
  told Liz to fuck off but that's what she would have meant. Now she wasn't so
  sure, in fact at that particular moment she wasn't sure of anything at all.  
*  
"Do you know I'm not sure if I like having the handcuffs taken off now, I've
  got sort of used to 'em!"  
Vicki Chaudhari looked down her nose at Ally in disgust,  
"If you think I'm going to wipe your&hellip;"  
Ally grinned and adopted the voice of a little girl.  
"It's alright Mummy I've finished and I've washed my hands and they're ever
  so clean and there's nothing under my finger nails! NO sh&hellip;"  
If Allison had been wearing clothes Vicki would have grasped her by the lapel.
  As it was she waved a pointing finger under her nose.  
"Now listen here my girl&hellip;"  
Ally sighed,  
"Just give me the soap!"  
Vicki handed her a brand new bar. It smelt gorgeous and she couldn't help
  holding it up to her nose, "Mmm, what this? F&amp;M? Is this S&amp;M for people
  with a lisp? Ow!" Vicki dug her hard in the ribs.  
"Fortnum and Mason, stupid! Only the best for little slave girls."  
Ally looked at herself in the mirror.  
"Well it could be worse, do my tits look lopsided?"  
Vicki positioned herself behind the naked girl and cupped her breasts with
  both hands.  
"Mmm. They look and feel fine to me!"  
Ally continued washing her hands but Vicki sensed that something was wrong.
  She had stiffened at her touch.  
"Ally is anything the matter?"  
"No!"  
"Ally you're trying to pull away from me, what's up?"  
Ally looked at her in the mirror and sighed again.  
"Okay. Look, you won't see me for two weeks and then you expect me to fawn
  all over you when you DO and I'm sorry but&hellip;"  
Vicki made a noise at the back of her throat and looked steadily at Ally.  
"And so you think what?"  
Ally took a deep breath  
"I think like I'm handy for you when I'm here but otherwise
  you can't be arsed and there's probably someone else anyway and I'm just your "bit" on
  the side!" Embarrassed and suddenly deflated, Ally looked away, she put her
  hands behind her back and said,  
"Let' s get on with it shall we?" But Vicki was shaking
  her head sadly.  
*  
"And what in God's name happened to you?"  
Linda didn't feel uncomfortable very often but right now,
  with Sarah in front of her inspecting her eye, Lady Heather to her right with
  a bewildered expression on her face and The Bishop to her left with a look
  of sardonic amusement on his, she felt more uncomfortable than she had for
  a long time. She stood now in the main studio, a few feet from the giant clitoris
  and doing her best to martial her thoughts "Well?" Asked Sarah, who was another
  one who would not let things lie, "And don't tell me you tripped over the cat
  because we haven't got one!"  
*  
Ally was sitting on a stool in the quiet, palatial, shower
  room. She was still naked and Vick had handcuffed her again,  
"S'allright I'm not going to hit you!" She had said at the
  time.  
Vicki had looked at her thoughtfully,  
"You might want to when I've finished!" And Ally's stomach
  gave a little lurch as Vicki, looking pale and troubled now, moved round to
  the front of the stool and began to tell her what was wrong.  
*  
Liz was coming out of one of the rooms one that was used
  for constructing larger pieces, having just got the lighting set up the way
  she wanted it, when she saw Sarah coming towards her with a determined and
  also an angry look on her face.  
There was nowhere to hide and Liz knew that she was going
  to have to face her eventually.  
"Sarah I'm&hellip;"  
Sarah looked at her with an indeterminate expression,  
"You're what? You're sorry? Why?" Suddenly Liz was in a quandary, if Linda
  hadn't told her, then they were both sunk, "Listen Liz," And Sarah's face was
  suddenly gentler,  
"If that had been me I would probably have hit her a fucking sight harder
  than you did! I don't even know if I'm talking to her right now, but when I've
  finished checking her out I'm going to take a look at you and you can talk
  to me if you want!" She hurried off down the corridor and then turned her head, "Oh
  and Liz? You've done nothing wrong! Okay? But I think that three years of a
  relationship have just gone floating down the Swanee River!" Even at that distance
  Liz thought she could see a tear run down her cheek. She turned away. "Speak
  to you later!" And then she was gone.  
*  
Ally wished that her hands were free so that she could wipe Vicki's tears
  away.  
" Vicki I&hellip;."  
Vicki smiled and extracted a tissue from her bag.  
"It's okay, I should have said something, but I think that people&hellip;oh
  I know I shouldn't be like this but because of my mum has "episodes" then I
  assume people will think that I do to! And even now, even though I'm used to
  it, it frightens me sometimes&hellip;"  
Suddenly Ally felt that it was all her fault, that it wasn't as if she and
  Vicki knew each other that well and that she should not have pried. Vicki had
  already said that her mother was eccentric but&hellip;  
"She's okay as long as she takes her pills but sometimes she forgets&hellip; and
  sometimes situations get too much for her." She threw her arms around the still
  handcuffed girl." She's fine now, she really is, you'd never know, but two
  weeks ago&hellip;"  
"I'm sorry, Vicki I really am!"  
"No it's not you. I didn't know you felt that way&hellip; the same way I
  do I suppose and I didn't want you to think&hellip;"  
"Vicki if you'd let me go I could do something to help!"  
Vicki chaudhari looked at Allison though watery eyes and smiled broadly.  
"Oh no, my little slave girl, there's too much to do. We're moving on to
  phase two now and we can't have you walking around free now can we?" She moved
  in close and whispered in Ally's ear, "Let's hope you still feel the same way
  about me when this lot's finished!" Just as she was opening her mouth to speak
  Vicki jammed the ball gag back in and was already buckling it up behind her
  head with a certain aplomb  
*  
"Wakey, wakey! Rise and shine!" The look on Lady Heather's face suggested
  that although she wasn't carrying a bucket of cold water she would have appreciated
  one. Angela, for her part, was not exactly unconscious, but the effect of the
  vallium made her reasonably indifferent to what was going on around her. So
  she took being roused from the comfortable bed and dragged by her lead, naked,
  handcuffed and gagged into a brightly lit room full of people with remarkable
  pragmatism.  
She even took the sight of the two pieces of apparatus, one familiar and
  one not so familiar in her stride and when Lady Heather walked her naked toward
  the big, polished Saint Andrews cross, led her up the small pair of steps that
  had been placed in front of it and began strapping her wrists to it with her
  facing toward the front so that her large breasts were squashed against it,
  she simply smiled, as best she could through her gag, even when the Bishop
  approached holding a large pot of lubricant and Lady Heather began snapping
  on a pair of surgical gloves.  
*  
"Okay. I've spoken to Vicki and she's given me these drops. Now I want you
  to use them three times a day or whenever your eyes start to sting and it should
  clear by the end of the week. Let me see your wrists? Mmm, some antiseptic
  cream's the best thing for them. Are they sore?" Liz shook her head, "Well
  the best thing is to try to cover them with your sleeves, bandages will show
  on camera and they're really not too bad. Oh she is such a stupid cow sometimes.
  Okay, you can sit up now. Like the outfit by the way."  
Liz eased herself out of the strange orange contraption where Sarah had examined
  her. Her vision was becoming less blurry by the second and half in hour in
  make up had completely obscured the ravages of the evening.  
"You don't think the leather's too much?" She said looking down at the leather
  trousers, the highly polished black boots and the long leather coat that she
  wore over a black polo necked jumper  
Sarah, still wearing her sister's uniform, closed Doctor Chaudhari's medical
  bag and shook her head.  
"No! Looks good, I could even fancy you myself!" She shook her head, "Sorry!
  Bad thing to say." Liz reached out and touched her arm.  
"Sarah&hellip;"  
Sarah looked at her directly and unthreateningly  
"My theory is that when people are in charge all the time they run away with
  themselves, no one to keep hold of them and rein them in&hellip;"  
Liz looked at her beseechingly.  
"Sarah, she made a mistake&hellip;"  
"Yeah! Her fucking hormones ran away with her! I thought only men suffered
  from that&hellip;" And then she started to cry.  
*  
Still naked, her bare feet flapping awkwardly against the polished stone
  floor, Ally allowed herself to be led, handcuffed and ball gagged in to Studio
  B by Vicki who held her leash proudly in her right hand but walked next to
  her, so as not to make her feel completely alone. She also had a comforting
  hand on her shoulder.  
The first thing she saw as she was walked into the light airy room, which
  also had a glass roof, was Angela strapped at the wrists to a huge Saint Andrews
  cross whilst Lady Heather very gently lubricated her with a rubber gloved finger.
  She had to look twice but then she could see the reason for the lubrication.  
Sticking out at crotch level was a large smooth piece of wooden dowel about
  three inches in diameter with an equally smooth wooden ball at the end. It
  was quite obvious from the two little platforms on which Angela's bare feet
  were now mounted and the thick and padded leather straps that were attached
  to the cross at that point, that she was going to be secured to it, once properly
  lubricated, in a manner which would allow the thick wooden plug to penetrate
  her fully.  
It was also obvious that Lady Heather, now wearing jodhpurs, riding boots
  and a pristine white blouse was being more than a little over zealous with
  the lubrication, as Angela's heartfelt moans and little squeals of pleasure
  proved.  
Allison looked at her "walker" with a puzzled expression on her face. Vicki
  grinned hugely  
"You know she's been a naughty girl don't you? " Ally sort of shrugged her
  shoulders to suggest that she didn't necessarily agree. "Well, she has been
  Allison. Whatever you might think!" She said forcefully, "She could have put
  you in danger and for that Lady Heather is going to punish her!" She smiled, "Not
  that she needs much of an excuse. But she thinks it will be a little diversion
  for the film crew whilst we get you ready".  
Ally studied the strange device over to the right of the cross. It looked
  like a skeletal reclining chair that was locked in the reclining position,
  with both an inner and an outer "compartment". But if it were, in reality,
  a chair then there would be very little support for the person inside it. The
  whole thing appeared to be made from wrought iron but what stopped it looking
  like an instrument of mediaeval torture was the fact that it was painted bright
  orange. It was mounted on a kind of round and flattened pedestal, the way dental
  chairs are, and there was a contoured, padded red backboard that ran almost
  the whole length of the thing. There were also a lot of dangling straps, which
  Ally eyed with mixed feelings and two other things. Something long on top that
  was currently covered and sort of spherical attachment in the middle suggesting
  that the "chair " could not only move up and down but on it's own axis as well.  
But before she could fully focus on the object that was obviously meant for
  her Liz hurried over with a clipboard in her hand.  
"Hi Vicki! Sorry couldn't speak to you earlier but everything's gone mildly
  pear shaped, as you know. Now Linda was originally going to talk to me on camera
  about this "chair" and what it's going to be used for but as you know she's
  in no fit state&hellip;"  
Vicki interrupted her.  
"Liz I really don't think I can do it at the risk of being struck off! I'd
  really like to but although the GMC are quite happy to ignore doctors who are
  accused of sexual misdemeanours and even rapes in some cases, I don't think
  they'd be so lenient with one who admits to an interest in this sort of thing;
  and a female one at that!"  
Liz raised an eyebrow  
"And don't give me any shit about "this day and age" because you know, as
  well as I do, that despite the fact that the medical profession is one of the
  more accepting, prejudice still exists, against women, against women doctors,
  against women doctors of foreign extraction&hellip;"  
Liz was thoroughly beaten  
"Okay&hellip;" 
"Have you tried make up?"   
"Have you seen her?"  
"Yes and I know of people who regularly appear on television who have birth
  marks or bruises and scars where their partner has attacked them the night
  before&hellip; and what about the boozers? Cameras don't show drinkers in a
  very kindly light do they? They come out bright red, but you've got make up
  that can even tone that down these days&hellip;" Vicki was about to carry on
  but Liz was already hurrying away from her.  
Still holding Ally's leash she turned to Lady Heather who was still making
  a pretence of lubricating Angela who looked as if she was about to beat her
  head against the hard polished wood of the cross in abject frustration.  
" Why can't the Bishop do it?" She asked, wishing she could at least comfort
  Angela in some way as Lady Heather's slippery, rubber clad fingers drove in
  and out of her and then slowed down just as her muffled wails changed in pitch,  
"He thinks he's done enough interviews for one year and he's worried about
  over exposure. He's quite happy for us to take some of the limelight but as
  you can see, " She said with a huge grin, "I'm otherwise engaged!" She withdrew
  her hand completely, much to Angela's chagrin, held the slippery moist digits
  up to her face and said in baby talk,  
"Dere, dere! Did lil Angie like her finger fuckings den?" And before Angela
  could even attempt a nod she had slid her greasy fingers back inside her slippery
  and fragrant little love nest and had begun to move them rapidly in and out
  once more.  
*  
Linda threw a glance over to the strange chair where Sarah had examined Liz.  
"She's got her eyes on us all the time! You know that don't you?"  
Not revelling in Linda's discomfort but feeling a certain sense of elation
  at their sudden reversal of roles, Liz said,  
"It's not me she's looking at, it's you!" And she felt a rush of compassion
  for the tall woman who was almost literally plastered in make up in places
  and who no longer looked as if she had been in a fight less than two hours
  ago, "How's your face?"  
Linda attempted a grin she didn't feel.  
"Yeah it's okay. She's filled me full a pain killers, I'm pretty sure she'd
  have injected me up the arse if she could but she had to make do with tablets!"  
"So you can speak okay?"  
"No worse than usual!"  
"Good! Now you know what I'm going to ask, just try to be yourself and answer
  the questions as if we were having a real life conversation&hellip; I'm a bit
  worried that we look like twins though," Linda had a change of clothes with
  her, black leather trousers, long black leather coat, shiny black boots with
  a high heel and the only discernible difference between her outfit and Liz's
  was that she wore a black silk shirt as opposed to the producer's polo neck.  
"Don't worry Liz you can tie me up any time you like!"  
Liz half smiled at Trevor the cameraman and turned back to Linda  
"You'll have to forgive him, it's what passes for a sense of humour round
  here," And fixing her gaze on Trevor again,&quot;Trevor on my mark, okay?" Trevor
  nodded and she raised her hand, which was the cue for Vicki to bring the naked
  Ally forward to the chair whilst Lady Heather stood on the sidelines with Angela.  
An Angela who had now been fully mounted on the Saint Andrew's cross and
  was standing, breasts wedged tightly against it, arms and ankles shackled tightly
  to the cross pieces and impaled snugly on the thick length of ball ended dowel
  whilst her tormentor gently stroked her bottom and her other erogenous zones
  such as her neck and the back of her knees whilst she was totally unable to
  do anything about it.  
Everything was quiet and the bright lights cast strange shadows everywhere
  as Liz moved closer to Linda and said quietly under her breath.  
"Three, two, one and GO!" And then asked, as Vicki helped Ally to lie down, " Linda,
  can you tell me just what on earth is happening right now? Because it looks
  like she's about to be spit roasted or something!"  
*  
"And cut! How was it Trevor?" Trevor smiled and eased the camera off his
  shoulder, "Gerry?" The sound recordist took off her headphones and gave her
  the thumbs up. Smoothly Liz raised her right hand in the air and turned to
  where Lady Heather was standing a little way away from the Saint Andrew's cross
  and where another cameraman was waiting to begin filming  
"And cue Ted and Lady Heather!" Her arm dropped and like the practised professional
  that she was, Lady Heather began to bring the soft flogger that she was holding
  in her hand down onto Angela's exposed back.  
*  
"Okay Linda, now we've all seen those films where people get flogged, or
  appear to get flogged, horribly in dungeons of all descriptions, tell me what's
  different about this."  
Lady Heather was holding in her hand something that looked like a piece of
  fur attached to polished wooden handle. Linda smiled and Liz thought she detected
  just the hint of a wince.  
"Okay. What Heather's got in her hand now is a rabbit skin flogger&hellip;"  
"So it's not exactly synthetic then?"  
"No. Most whips are made from animal hide of some kind. Some of the rubber
  ones, which aren't, can really hurt. These, " She indicated the one in Lady
  Heather's hand, "are used for beginners or," And here she smiled again, "Just
  to warm the subject up!"  
*  
"Okay! I think we can wrap that! Now Trevor has found a machine outside in
  the corridor that dispenses free coffee and tea and apparently it tastes ALMOST
  like real coffee and tea, so thank you all very much and I'll let you know
  if we need to go again, thanks everybody!"  
Liz walked over to Angela who was still stretched out on the cross. Unable
  to resist she put out a hand and drew a breath.  
"Oh my! She's hot there and her skin is really red!"!  
Lady Heather smiled broadly  
"Not as hot as she is somewhere else! And the skin's not broken and there
  shouldn't be a bruise anywhere tomorrow!"  
She had started slowly, twirling the rabbit pelt whip as if she were a major
  league cheerleader, brushing the skin, making it more sensitive, which is what
  a real whipping is all about.  
There are people known to the medical profession as algolagniacs - people
  who like pain &ndash; but this doesn't necessarily apply to people who like
  being whipped any more than the people who do the whipping qualify as sadists.  
What Lady Heather was trying to do, was take Angela down into a state known
  by some people as "sub space", an almost trance like state. She would not do
  it by inflicting stark searing pain on her. She would do it by sensitising
  her skin until she could literally feel every touch, every stroke, every blow,
  every breeze and every breath and every current of air and this would eventually
  transfer to her mind as well.  
It would sensitise her mind and make her more receptive to Lady Heather and
  to Lady Heather alone.  
It was important that no one else intervene.  
It was important that top and bottom should feel that they were alone. That
  they were sharing something unique.  
Whipping another human being is as singular an experience as making love
  and it should be treated as such.  
The whole studio was and remained throughout the whole thing much dimmer
  than before. The lighting people had found some dimmer switches earlier and
  found that the central lighting system could be reduced dramatically without
  any loss of film quality. The big umbrella lights serving to light the studio
  adequately. So the lights were gently dimmed and Lady Heather continued her
  mesmeric work.  
She worked steadily and slowly, never hitting the same place twice and, even
  though the instrument she was using was very soft, she still made sure that
  she kept it away from sensitive areas, like the kidneys, but she didn't spare
  other areas. Other more erogenous areas such as the buttocks and the breasts.  
Every now and then she would whisper a command to her helpless charge. A
  command such as, "Look at me!" or "Look up!" or "Look down!" or if she was
  going to strike a particularly sensitive area, "Close your eyes!" or "Look
  away!" and every time a command was given so Angela followed it to the letter.  
Liz watched almost dumbstruck because despite the connotations and the spin
  that had been put on the word "whipping" over the years, she was coming to
  see that the onus was not just on the person doing the whipping but also on
  the recipient too. It was a two way street and for mutual enjoyment then both
  parties had to participate fully.  
For a short moment she fantasised about what would happen if it were her
  stark naked and strapped to that cross with that big wooden plug in her fanny,
  helpless for Linda to do what ever she liked to her. For those few fleeting
  moments she could feel the touch of the fur against her bare skin, could hear
  those soft commands could feel herself growing damper by the second.  
She watched almost hypnotised as Lady Heather in her jodhpurs and riding
  boots walked imperiously around the hapless Angela,  
"Don't look at me! Look down and close your eyes!" She said quietly, almost
  seductively, and then she moved round to the front of the cross and touched
  Angela's left breast. Just a dab almost, with the pads of her fingers, and
  then ordered her to stay still.  
"Keep looking down! Keep your eyes closed!" She pulled the rabbit skin whip
  back and held the tip in her other hand as if sighting her shot and then let
  fly with a series of short sharp strokes on the already squashed and sensitive
  breast.  
 Angela made a noise in the back of her throat similar to a choked sob and
  Lady Heather reached forward and lightly touched her cheek, then she moved
  her hand down and lightly caressed her other breast.  
"Eyes closed. Keep looking down! Good girl!"  
And now, standing on Angela's right hand side, she was raising the whip again,
  holding the tail in her other hand for a sighting shot and again she let forth
  a volley of smacks on her right breast.  
This time Angela's' reaction was a real choking heartfelt sob, but there
  was no pat on the cheek this time. Eyes still closed head still down, Angela
  must have heard the sharp clacking of Lady Heather's heels behind her, but
  there was no warning this time. Standing directly behind her and in the perfect
  place to deal with Angela's' pert and slightly upturned buttocks, Lady Heather
  began her assault and blow after blow landed on Angela's cheeks.  
 One after the other giving her no time to prepare herself for the next.  
Blow after blow after blow  
 Each one pushing the smooth dowel with the smooth ball at the end further
  and further inside of her.  
Relentless. Unyielding. One blow following the other as surely as night follows
  day and eventually even Angela could stand no more and she sniffed at first
  and then she opened her eyes and, her whole body shaking, let out a scream
  that despite the gag made almost everyone present jump with the sheer bloodcurdling
  ferocity of the long delayed climax that she was now experiencing.  
TO BE CONTINUED  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN  
"Is she okay?"  
"How the bloody hell should I know? What d'you think this is? Star Trek or
  something? You think I can wave my magic transponder and she'll&hellip;"  
It was uncharacteristic of Sarah to be quite this demonstrative and everyone
  around her was too shocked to tell her that it was a tricorder that she should
  be waving and not a transponder, all accept one that is.  
"Hey! Hey! If you've got a problem 'ave a pop at the person you've got a
  problem with and stop biting everybody else's poxy head off!"  
Sarah went white. Literally white. She touched Allison's hand briefly and
  was relieved to see her smile back at her and give her a big wink, and then
  she turned to Liz and said,  
"She'll be okay. I think it was a bit too much for her to take in all at
  once!" And then she stood up and faced Linda, nose to nose.  
"And you," She waved a finger at her, "want to shut your damn' gob for once
  and leave us all in peace, or perhaps you'd like to fight me as well! Oh sorry,
  I forgot! You have to have your bloody tear gas with you to make it even otherwise
  you'd get the shit kicked out of you, wouldn't you?"  
All of a sudden people surrounded them. Liz had an arm around her, Lady Heather
  was standing anxiously next to Linda, Vicki Chaudari stood poised to jump in
  between them, whilst The Bishop, who would have no problem intervening if two
  men were involved, knew he was out of his depth and stood watching the proceedings
  with an unusually serious look on his face.  
Eventually, and more in sorrow than in anger, Linda said,  
"And is that what you really want to do &ndash; beat the shit out of me?"  
Sarah stood her ground.  
"Right now yes! Right now I'd like to be whipping you the way Heather should
  have done Angela &ndash; fucking hard!"  
Linda's eyes were locked on to hers.  
"And that's what you really want is it?"  
Sarah put her hands on her hips and parodied her  
"Yes! That's what I want, what I really, really want! Only you haven't got
  the fucking guts!"  
There was a long silence. Finally Linda walked over to the Saint Andrew's
  cross where Angela was still lying and began to unbuckle her right wrist from
  the frame, almost immediately Lady Heather was by her side,  
"Dumb question, but what are you doing?"  
"Can't be two of us on here at the same time!"  
"Linda, you need to calm down. You both need to calm down!"  
Liz had Vicki on one side of her and a white faced, white knuckled Sarah
  on the other.  
"Vicki," Liz hissed, " Is this sort of thing normal?"  
"Of course it's not normal!" She snapped, "It's very abnormal and it goes
  against virtually every rule and," She added as an afterthought," I don't want
  it filmed either!" She turned to Sarah who stood silently watching Linda taking
  a still fairly blissed out Angela down from the cross "You can't do this you
  know!"  
Sarah continued to stare straight ahead for a few seconds and then with almost
  robotic precision she turned her head to look at Vicki and she looked at her
  with a long hard unblinking stare.  
"Why?" She was beyond anger now. Vicki had never seen her like this and,
  she suspected, neither had anyone else in the immediate vicinity apart maybe
  from Linda herself. She tried again,  
"Sarah you must never whip a person in anger. It goes against all the rules.
  It&hellip;"  
Still impassive, still speaking quietly but now staring off into the middle
  distance, Sarah said,  
"Don't talk to me like I'm a fucking kid! If you don't want to watch &ndash; then
  get out!"  
*  
They stood facing one another. The naked and still dopey Angela lolling in
  Linda's arms. Even Linda had never seen Sarah quite so determined.  
"We can do it here if you want. Put her down and&hellip;"  
"And what? Fight you here?"  
 Sarah simply stared whilst Linda handed Angela over to Vicki. "Put her in
  the cage eh? She'll be goin' in there later anyway." She turned back to Sarah. "No!
  You wanna beat me, so you might as well do it and get it over with!" She was
  already taking off her leather coat. "Heather. Can you do us a favour and go
  and get my black sandals? They're a bit muddy, but I ain't doing this barefoot." Heather
  knew it was too late for reason and she picked up the coat that Linda had discarded
  and went to look for her sandals.  
Liz was determined to make one last effort; she touched Sarah lightly on
  the arm,  
"Sarah, you're not thinking straight right now. Come and have a coffee or
  something. At least come outside and think before you&hellip;" When Sarah looked
  at her, she felt somehow as if her soul was being searched.  
"Don't worry, " She said quietly, "I'll leave enough for you!" And then she
  walked off to the other side of the room and began to unlace her shoes.  
*  
Lady Heather, with Linda's shoes in her hand, saw Vicki Chaudhari coming
  down the corridor also carrying a pair of shoes She waited at the door to the
  studio and Vicki looked up at her anxiously.  
"We ought to stop this you know."  
Lady Heather looked thoughtful  
"It might not be SUCH a bad thing. At least we'll be there and we can stop
  it if it gets out of hand and, you never know, once Sarah realises what she's
  actually doing, she might come to her senses and stop."  
"Is that what Linda's hoping d'you think?"  
Lady Heather shook her head.  
"I don't know what Linda's thinking, just because there's a superficial resemblance
  doesn't mean we're identical twins or something!" But deep down inside, she
  knew that this was Linda's way of evening the score, of somehow letting Sarah
  achieve retribution for her earlier mistake.  
Vicki sighed.  
"Okay. But I'm not happy. I'm going to see how Ally is and then I'll move
  her, she seems very calm right now and I want to keep her that way."  
Lady Heather nodded perfunctorily and opened the door.  
*  
"Ally? Ally! Are you okay sweetheart?"  
Ally looked at Vicki uncertainly for a few moments and then she said,  
"Yeah! Course I am. Had a couple of shocks back there but I'm fine. I really
  am. How do I look?"  
Vicki told her the truth.  
"Strange but gorgeous, really, really stunning. Liz got one of the make up
  artists to take a look at you and she hasn't done a lot, just enough for the
  next few hours. Ally you really look lovely and I'm going to let you see for
  yourself in a minute, but I want to take you out of here first."  
Ally tried to sit up and look around, but she couldn't  
"Yeah! What's going on?"  
Vicki pecked her on the cheek.  
"I'll tell you about it later, you've had a busy day and you've got an even
  busier one tomorrow, " She looked instinctively at her watch, "Or rather, later
  today, so I want you to myself for a few minutes, okay?"  
Allison smiled,  
"Okay." and Vicki Chaudhari hugged her.  
*  
She knew what she was in for. She had known for weeks. From the night that
  she first met Phil Bishop in the pub in the Charing Cross Road, and any gaps
  that Phil had left had been filled in later by Linda and Sarah.  
But now was the moment of truth, when it all started to happen in earnest
  and although it wouldn't be the first time for some things it most certainly
  would be for others.  
Her helplessness excited her as she approached the strange orange "chair".
  She knew that if she didn't want to go through with this, if she felt that
  it was all too much, she only had to shake her head three times and the gag
  would be unbuckled and as soon as she gave the code word "red", everything
  would stop.  
It perhaps exited her more that her destiny rested entirely in her own hands,
  that she had, for once, complete control over her fate and she felt excitement
  mixed with elation and almost complete and utter freedom as Vicki Choudhari
  led her naked and barefoot with her hands manacled firmly behind her and a
  large ball gag forcing her mouth open and inhibiting her speech, past little
  groups of technicians, past their lights, past the sound crew and the cameramen
  to the orange chair and her ultimate fate. And far from being afraid, as she
  had expected, or even apprehensive, Allison found that she didn't actually
  want it to stop.  
*  
Linda wasn't paying much attention to Sarah as she undressed in the studio.
  In fact she had her back to her. She slipped off her boots and put them carefully
  on the floor in the knowledge that dropping them carelessly would suggest that
  she was concerned and anxious to get on with the thing. Likewise she unbuttoned
  her black silk shirt slowly and carefully, revealing her black and red Janet
  Reger half cup bra and was about to pull it out of her trousers when she saw
  Lady Heather coming into view.  
"What do YOU want?"  
"Hey! I've come to help you, you ungrateful bitch. Now give me that blouse
  and I'll fold it!" She reacted to Linda's unspoken question. "I told you, I've
  come to help. Looks like you need all you can get right now. Does Sarah know
  what to do by the way or is she just going to flog you raw?"  
*  
"If you insist on helping then can you give me those shoes next to my holdall.
  Yes, that big black bag back there&hellip;"  
Vicki Chaudhari stopped as if shot and looked back at Sarah.  
"And who's talking to who like a kid now?"  
Sarah, almost the old Sarah, looked at her openly,  
"I'm sorry Vicki and I'm sorry I swore at you earlier as well."  
Vicki took a couple of paces towards her and placed a hand on her shoulder.  
"Then stop this now. You're not backing down you're just&hellip;"  
A glimmer of a smile scudded across Sarah's face.  
"Being what? Being sensible? Good old sensible Sarah, she takes, she gives,
  she turns a blind eye to Linda's little dalliances. The ones with her best
  friend that she doesn't even notice, that she doesn't think I notice or even
  care about. Well I do Vicki. I do! I used to turn a blind eye to her and Sheila
  but this new one. No! Not Liz! That's just going too far and I don't blame
  Liz either, I really don't! As far as I can see I've got two options, I can
  walk out or I can do this and show her that I'm not just something to wipe
  your feet on on the way in from work! Whatever way I'm going to lose her, but
  I'd rather do it now and take the responsibility than be forever worrying about
  what she might do in the future&hellip;"  
Vicki expected her to cry, but she didn't, instead she turned her back so
  that Vicki could unzip her uniform and then she shrugged it off and into the
  outstretched hands of Vicki Chaudhari revealing the fact that she was not only
  wearing sheer black stockings but that she was also wearing a Victoria's Secret
  black bra, and matching panties and suspender belt trimmed with lace, as well.  
Vicki had placed the black patent leather shoes with the four-inch heel carefully
  in front of her and all she had to do was to literally step into them. She
  ran a hand through her fluffy blonde hair and looked at Vicki.  
"How do I look? No, don't answer that! Let's go and see what Heather's got
  to offer me shall we?"  
*  
A red and black half-cup brassiere with matching tanga briefs were all that
  Linda now wore. She sat down on a handy box and reached for her shoes, and
  then she looked up at Lady Heather,  
"You've cleaned these!"  
"Uh huh, can't have you going to the ball covered in mud now can we!"  
She eased her feet into both shoes, not bothering to undo the straps at the
  heels.  
"Thanks!"  
She looked up absently and saw The Bishop sorting through a collection of
  whips to the left of the cross  
"What's HE up to?" She said a little more pointedly than was necessary.  
"HE, " Said Lady Heather, slightly indignantly, "Is trying to find the best
  thing for an amateur to use that isn't going to leave you covered in bruises
  or cut your skin to ribbons or both when she beats you with it!"  
Linda looked up at her and said, without a trace of irony,  
"Must be my lucky day!"  
*  
It was like some strange kind of duel. Except that duellists tended to wear
  more clothes.  
 As duels went this would have warmed the cockles of a fetishist's heart.  
 Unfortunately, with Angela and Ally safely removed to the main studio and
  the crew all locked outside only Phil Bishop remained, as a sort of unofficial
  judge, to see it.  
Linda stood to the left of the cross wearing just her Janet Reger underwear
  and sandals supported by Lady Heather in riding boots white jodhpurs and white
  blouse, while to the right stood Sarah in her black stockings, bra, panties
  and suspenders with Vicki Chaudhari in a little black cocktail dress and black
  seamed stockings.  
Standing between them, feeling overdressed in black shirt and black fatigues
  and a silver tie The Bishop eyed both parties warily.  
"Well this isn't quite Regent's Park or wherever it was that they used to
  hold these things, but we DO have a doctor present," He inclined his head toward
  Vicki Chaudhari," And to make this as formal as possible, I think that it is
  only fair that I ask both parties if they wish to continue and point out that,
  should either decline so to do, there will be NO stigma and NO shame, in fact
  I and the rest of the people gathered here would positively welcome it!" There
  was a long pause, "So, therefore, I am going to ask each participant if they
  are absolutely sure that they want to this to carry on."  
The large white room with glass-panelled roof was deathly silent. Now that
  the camera crew's lighting had been turned off, the light was much easier on
  the eyes. The wind still whistled round the building and howled occasionally
  and the odd tree branch would beat against the roof but otherwise all was quiet
  and still.  
The Bishop turned to Linda and said quietly  
 "Linda are you sure that you wish to continue?"  
 There was no hesitation,  
 "Yes!" She said equally quietly, staring him straight in the eye.  
He then turned to Sarah.  
"Sarah are you now absolutely sure that you wish to continue?"  
Sarah looked at him for a moment, obviously mindful of the fact that his
  question to her had been worded differently. Then she looked away from him
  and looking down at the floor, nodded her head.  
The Bishop clasped his hands in front of him like a preacher preparing to
  deliver a sermon.  
"I am sorry Sarah, but I must be able to hear you answer so that there can
  be no doubt&hellip; I will ask the question again&hellip; Sarah&hellip; are
  you absolutely sure that you wish to continue?" There was no hesitation and
  this time she looked directly at Linda.  
"Yes I wish to continue!" And then the room became silent once more  
The Bishop looked very serious.  
"Very well. But with regard to safety, Sarah, I am appointing myself Judge,
  by no other power than my own, and if I so deem that you are hitting Linda
  in a forbidden area or that you have landed too many blows in one place, then
  I shall order you to stop and if I further believe that Linda has taken too
  much punishment or that that punishment could lead to permanent injury then
  I will order you to stop completely and you will put down whatever instrument
  you are using immediately and move away from the area. Do you understand?"  
Sarah nodded at first and then corrected herself and said,  
"Yes!" A little louder than she needed to.  
The Bishop lowered his voice,  
"I don't think I need to tell either of you, that I think this is totally
  unnecessary and I caution you, Sarah, that you should never ever strike another
  person with any instrument in anger, but, as both your minds appear to be made
  up, then I wish you, Linda, good luck and ask you, Sarah, to have mercy!"  
As The Bishop walked towards the various implements that he had laid out,
  Lady Heather touched him lightly on the arm and whispered,  
"Darling, that was positively Messianic!"  
He grinned self deprecatingly,  
"Yes well," He touched his nose with his index finger, a gesture characteristic
  of him " short of a burning bush or two, I can't see much else stopping either
  of them!" And he walked away from her shaking his head.  
*  
Not conscious of her state of undress, Sarah studied the array of implements
  before her in much the same way as she would if she were out on a Saturday
  afternoon buying clothes.  
She picked up the light rubber spanking paddle with the holes drilled in
  it and put it down just as quickly. Then she looked at a heavy rubber flogger
  for a few moments before picking it up. She weighed it in her hands, she put
  it to her nose and inhaled and then bought it up to her cheek held it there,
  Letting the soft flesh rub against it whilst The Bishop watched over her, almost
  priest like in his intensity.  
Vicki and Lady Heather meanwhile, were securing Linda to the cross. Being
  the taller of the two, Lady Heather was fastening her arms whilst lower down
  Vicki had already encountered a problem,  
"What are we going to do with this "plug" thing?" She said, eyeing the smooth
  wet dowel that had been the cause of Angela's' excitement for some considerable
  time previously.  
Sarah spun round on her heel.  
"She won't need that!" She snapped and turned back to the whips again.  
*  
It felt strange as they helped her to lie down on the chair and began to
  fasten her tightly to it. Soon both her wrists and her ankles were shackled
  to the skeletal extensions and she could feel immediately how disorientating
  it was.  
With just the minimal but ergonomically designed backboard holding her in
  place Ally felt as if she were floating in midair, which she almost was.  
The orange painted "chair" was designed to give access to virtually any part
  of her body whilst maintaining her in strict immobile bondage. Inspired originally
  by "The Man Who Fell To Earth" the chair had been a work in progress in The
  Bishop's workshop for several years but with the fruition of the Box project
  he had suddenly realised the need to finish it and so, using whoever happened
  to be available at the time, often one of his hapless team who just happened
  to be bringing him coffee, usually either Heather or Angela, the chair had
  been completed,  
 Not only did it move up and down like a conventional dentist's chair, it
  could swing around on its own axis so that the unfortunate subject could be
  tilted through the full three hundred and sixty degrees.  
Using very thin versions of standard car seat belts The Bishop was able to
  strap his subject in at waist and shoulders whilst using more conventional
  leather straps at the wrists and the ankles. There was also a forehead strap
  to keep the head in line with the backboard.  
It took Vicki, Sarah, Linda and The Bishop nearly 15 minutes to make sure
  that Ally was firmly strapped and pinioned to the chair before The Bishop was
  satisfied that they were ready to test it.  
Fifteen minutes of grunting and groaning. Of hands all over her body. Soft
  female hands for the most part. Of muttered &quot;sorries&quot; and &quot;excuse
  me's&quot; when they touched a part that they weren't intending to touch. Particularly
  The Bishop who, despite his attempts to portray himself as a rou&eacute;, became
  highly embarrassed when touching a stray nipple whilst trying to tighten a
  nut. Coming face-to-face, or rather cheek-to-cheek, with Ally's bare buttocks
  whilst trying to fit the emergency bulb didn't seem to help matters either.  
"Okay! Vicki take her gag out please, I want to know that she's okay while
  we run the test." For some reason Ally blinked when Vicki took out her gag.
  It may have been reality finally dawning because it was as if for the first
  time that she saw all the people around her. The sound crew, the cameramen,
  the technicians, Angela high and dry on the cross on the other side of the
  room, naked gagged and plugged. She had her back to Ally but she didn't seem
  to be in any distress and then there were all the people watching her intently
  in the garish lighting, which did nothing to detract from the fact that she
  was stark naked.  
The Bishop smiled.  
"Ally, it's all downhill from hereon in. All you have to do is lay back and
  just let it happen but I'm going to rotate it a few times to make sure you're
  okay and that you don't get airsick, " His grin widened, "Then we're all systems
  go! Now once we're sure everything is okay then Heather will gag you and Vicki
  will give you back your little rubber lifeline!" Vicki who was standing to
  one side of the apparatus holding the bulb that had previously been fitted
  to the wheel chair and which had now been jacked into the side of the huge
  orange device in which she was now enveloped.  
Picking up the remote control he smiled once more,  
" Ready for take off? Good luck Ally!" And, slowly at first, and with the
  minimum of noise the chair began to move.  
An upward, (or was it downward) movement to start with, her head falling
  gracefully towards the floor and her feet being lifted high, high into the
  air. She looked at her toes and wiggled them experimentally as she realised
  that she was now standing on her head and then she was, not falling exactly
  but arcing smoothly forward (or was it backward) completely unable to move
  otherwise, controlled jointly by the chair into which she was strapped and
  by the operator.  
She pondered on that for a moment and wondered what would happen if Angela,
  rather than being strapped naked to the cross as she now was, should gain control
  of the remote. She shuddered. She was sure that that there was a speed control
  and she envisaged zooming round and round stark naked, helpless and gagged
  and at the mercy of a giggling Angela and she moistened suddenly and considerably.  
Off to her left Liz was standing next to Linda. She guessed that right now
  they must be in mid interview and that they were talking about her. Trevor
  the cameraman seemed to be following her every movement and she idly wondered
  if he were getting dizzy. Over on the right, Ted, the other cameraman, was
  filming Lady Heather and Angela and now Liz and Linda were walking over to
  them and&hellip;  
"Okay Ally, that all seems fine. We're going try the side controls now&hellip;"  
There was a deeper sound and the chair shuddered a little and then it stopped
  with her head nearest the floor and her bare feet sticking up into the air
  again  
She wiggled her toes again and thought about toe rings. Something that she
  had never countenanced before. Maybe two on each foot, one on the big toe and&hellip;one
  not on the big toe&hellip;  
She felt light and without a care in the world, despite her strange attitude,
  or perhaps because of it. And then, from her unusual viewpoint she saw Vicki
  coming into shot as it were and kneeling beside her. She wasn't gagged, she
  could speak if she wanted to but somehow she didn't want to.  
 She liked being like this. She liked, she had to admit, being the centre
  of attention, even if she was the centre of only one person's attention. A
  person who even now was running a finger lightly across her chest and causing
  her nipples to stick up playfully as if wanting to pop their heads up and play.  
Vicki licked a finger, sliding it in and out of her glossily lipsticked O
  of a mouth more times than was absolutely necessary and then ran it delicately
  down her tummy from nipples to naval. Ally shuddered  
Then she was licking that finger again. Paying even more attention to it
  than before and with her forehead strapped down the way it was Ally was a captive
  audience.  
"I wonder if she sucks cock like that?" She thought idly. And then wondered
  if she should feel jealous. She didn't.  
And then Vicki was moving her head forward and mouth was replacing finger
  and for the first time in her life Ally was having her nipples, or rather,
  nipple, sucked by another woman and it felt marvellous.  
Soft warm breath, delicate tongue, and just a gentle sucking. Gentle and
  restful and Oh, so wonderful.  
"I'm sorry to trouble you ladies but we really must get on!" Ally almost
  expected the Bishop to put his hand to his mouth and cough discreetly like
  a butler, but he didn't.  
Vicki let go but moved her wet pouting lips to Ally's cheek and brushed them
  against it sending shivers down her spine.  
"Well Liz said it looked like you were being spit roasted earlier, so let's
  see, shall we?"  
The Bishop touched a button on his remote control pad and with a slight grinding
  noise Ally began to turn sideways just like a chicken being roasted on a spit.  
"How does it feel?" He called. But Ally was too lost to answer. Vicki had
  already pressed the emergency button into her hand and she had the power to
  stop the thing if she wanted to. Becoming bolder by the second the Bishop decided
  to bring in the up and down motion again.  
And it was strange so very, very, strange.  
Here she was, what was that song? Floating in my tin can? Yeah! David Bowie
  again, full marks! Only she wasn't in a tin can she was in an iron or steel
  or alloy skeleton, naked and able to move only the slightest of muscles, whirling
  and turning and she couldn't do a damn thing about it!  
 And neither did she want to.  
And her nipples were hard as bullets as the air hit them as she turned over
  and over and her pussy, well, her pussy must be running everywhere. At least
  that's what it felt like as she slowly orbited the Bishop and Vicki for the
  umpteenth time  
"I think she's enjoying her self far too much!" The Bishops voice came floating
  through the ether, "Time we gagged her and got down to some serious torment!"  
She turned over and over feeling her hair falling away from her and then
  flopping back onto her face and remembering that this would be the last time
  for some while that she would be feeling that particular sensation but she
  didn't really care.  
.  
TO BE CONTINUED   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN  
Sheila studied Bandy/Allison and pursed her lips.  
"So now, " she said through teeth that were almost gritted, "I am not only
  the proud owner of two cats, and a golden retriever I also now have my very
  own rubber sex slave who is, apparently, here to do my bidding!"  
 He looked at her askance.  
"Do you know something? I could have sworn that she called ME master and
  said that she was available to give you pleasure if I so desired!"  
Suddenly there was a nose in line with his.  
"Now listen to me you fucking Muppet&hellip;."  
"Sheila, Sheila calm down now!" He took her by the hand and led her over
  towards the once again inanimate mannequin. Although the whole room now smelt
  of rubber the smell still seemed to engulf them once more as they drew closer.  
"Go on!" He said "Touch her! You can't hurt her and I know you want to." It
  could have been a bad thing to say but she did what he said and shivered as
  she did it.  
He stood directly behind her and wrapped his arms around her.  
"Are you still&hellip;?"  
In a tiny voice she said  
"Fucking soaked!"  
Gingerly he lifted up the control box that was now hanging from Bandy/Allison's "tail".  
"You want to don't you?"  
She looked up at him, her eyes big and wide.  
"Course I do! But will it hurt her and how did she get like this? You see
  these stories on the Internet," They exchanged glances, "Oh don't be so na&iuml;ve!
  Of course I look. Women do you know! They're vile some of them&hellip;"  
They exchanged looks again  
"Oh come on Sheila each to their own as long as&hellip;"  
"Yeah, yeah as long as no one else gets hurt but some of these things, dildoes
  with metal spikes, rape, anal rape, kidnapping, slavery, torture&hellip;some
  of the things that these blokes want to do to women&hellip;"  
He looked at her again.  
"Some of them are written BY women."  
She pursed her lips again,  
"Mmm, but not the REALLY sick ones&hellip;"  
"Anyway do you honestly think that's happened here?"  
She looked at him again. A long searching look. A look that left him feeling
  mildly uncomfortable. A look that said "I've known you long enough now to know
  more about you than you realise!" or was it just paranoia on his part?  
They stood looking at each other after that for some considerable time until
  finally she said,  
"Give us that fucking control box!"  
*  
The Bishop was squatting down on his haunches.  
"You've still got the final veto Ally, " He indicated the control in her
  hand, &quot; But now is the time, if you've got any doubts!"  
"'Course I've got doubts you silly bugger!" If she had been able to she would
  have raised a hand to her mouth, but she was at the point of no return for
  a lot of things now.  
Seeing the surprise on her face The Bishop smiled and patted her shoulder.  
"Ready?"  
"Uh Huh!"  
"I'll let Doctor Choudhari do the honours. Vicki you are under strict orders
  to gag this little slave girl immediately!"  
And Vicki did exactly what she was told.  
Seconds later a voice was whispering in Allison's ear.  
"Don't know what you're expecting little slave girl, but I'm going to blindfold
  you for a little while, see you soon!"  
There was nothing she could do. It was a thickly padded almost luxurious
  leather blindfold that shut out all light. She couldn't fight because her arms
  were strapped tightly to the frame, as were her legs. She could feel the blindfold
  being buckled snugly behind her head. She couldn't shout because the large
  ball in her mouth reduced any noise she might make to a handful of mumbles.  
And then she heard voices. A hasty conference between what sounded like Vicki
  and Sarah. Vicki asking her if she was okay to carry on and then the Bishop
  asking if everything was all right and then silence&hellip;  
And then vibration&hellip; A vibration that meant the machine on which she
  was mounted was about to spring into life&hellip; and then hands.  
Warm hands all over her body. Two pairs of skilled hands. Massaging her,
  moving easily around her because of the skeletal frame on which she was mounted.  
Her calves, her upper arms, her neck even the small of her back. Her shoulders.
  The hands where everywhere, not touching her sexually but warming and soothing
  every thing that they touched. Taking her down into a state of deep relaxation.  
 Then she heard something buzzing and she tensed a little.  
"It's all right Ally, just relax now, just relax, can't have any stray hair
  getting in the way later so just relax." And she did and she felt not one but
  two pairs of electric clippers running over her body, taking away any hair
  that might have been missed when she had had a very expensive waxing the previous
  day and she felt the clippers on her arms and on her legs and then she heard
  a sharp intake of breath,  
"Naughty, naughty little slave girl!" There was a light slap on her upper
  thigh and then Sarah's voice  
"Now that was careless of you!" Another slap on the opposite thigh and then
  a pair of lips very close to her left ear.  
"You are a very naughty girl Allison, you know we have to shave your pubic
  hair and you've left your labial rings in!" And this time not one but two slaps,
  hard on each buttock.  
*  
"You know why she's done this don't you?" Sarah  
"So she gets to feel our hands on her pussy of course!" Vicki  
"Mom, but not just on!" Sarah  
"No. She's a greedy little mare. She'll want them in as well!" Vicki  
"Better not disappoint her then!" Sarah  
*  
Considering that they were supposed to be relaxing her, the sudden snapping
  sound of surgical gloves being donned didn't at first bode well but then she
  felt fingers ruffling her pubic bush whilst a rubber gloved hand pressed itself
  over her already ball gagged mouth.  
"Not a sound out of you young lady or we stop, understand?" Even though her
  forehead was firmly strapped down Ally still managed to nod her agreement.  
*  
Not being able to see had its advantages sometimes. Ally lay back and luxuriated
  in blissful darkness doing her best to imagine her two captors. She imagined
  buxom Sarah wearing nothing but a scanty rubber apron and high heels and of
  course rubber gloves, whilst Vicki wore the ubiquitous rubber apron and heels
  and red suspenders and stockings and who said women didn't have visual imaginations?  
She imagined them in their surgical masks both coming towards her &hellip; and
  then she felt a touch on her pubic hair. A very light touch and then she heard
  voices.  
"You know ladies it seems a shame to waste this moment! Especially as our
  little cutie is, ahem, "all tied up with nowhere to go!" So perhaps you could
  find somewhere to put this for a few minutes?"  
What were they up to? What was The Bishop up to? That man was trickier than
  a barrel load of corkscrews and then she felt it again, movement down there.  
She felt fingers in her luxuriant patch of pubic hair and her loins seemed
  to melt. Not marauding fingers but definitely teasing ones, fingers intent
  on one thing and one thing only &ndash; making her wetter.  
They walked, literally walked through her little bush and she felt every
  movement and then they were gone only to return seconds later and this time
  they had a purpose, they were parting the hair, moving it out of the way so
  that &hellip;  
Oh no! Oh no! They wouldn't. Would they?  
And then she felt it. Something smooth and metallic being eased against her
  bare skin and being pushed a little and pulled and her rings being snagged
  slightly and then pulled again, first this way and then the other way and,
  oh shit!  
The bastards the absolute wonderful bastards!  
It had to be a pocket rocket, it just had to be! It was small and metallic
  and it seemed to fit just snugly between rings and flesh and here she was in
  this big, big studio with the naked Angela a few feet away chained naked to
  a cross in this white walled, glass roofed, huge room whilst she lay strapped
  and immobile, gagged and blindfolded on a rotating chair with a phenomenally
  powerful little vibrator slipped through the rings of her already wet little
  pussy and about, she had no doubt, to be turned on.  
She felt hands on her breasts and each nipple received a little tweak and
  then a voice in her ear whispered,  
"Bon voyage darling!" And with a slap on the backside she was off.  
 Totally unable to see. Moving backward at first with the tiny little vibrator
  snapped on to full power straight away and buzzing away awesomely against her
  soft puckered little labia and threatening to send her over the edge at any
  minute.  
*  
"How do you work this remote?"  
He shrugged his shoulders,  
"Don't ask me! You're the one who says men shouldn't be allowed to have the
  remote control to the television because&hellip;"  
He looked up and saw her padding towards him. He felt a momentary stab of
  pain from the gash in his hand, but she had an ingratiating smile on her face.  
"Oh come on now&hellip;"  
He did his best not to laugh.  
"I HATE it when you wheedle!"  
"Moi?"  
"Yes Moi! And if I wanted to live with Miss Piggy&hellip;"  
But the look said "Shut it Buster if you know what's good for you!" and then
  her face softened as it always did.  
"Isn't this every man's dream? Their own little servant who cooks and fucks
  and sucks you off! In fact the fucking wouldn't bother most men would it? Too
  much like exercise! As long as she cooks and sucks you off on a regular basis
  and to order, you wouldn't give a toss about anything else! You could be living
  in a pile of shit and it wouldn't matter&hellip;"  
He looked at her steadily with a variety of thoughts going through his head.
  Then he looked around the living room of their comfortable twelfth floor flat,
  at the normal everyday furniture and the abnormal jet black box and it's even
  stranger rubber clad inhabitant with the blonde wig and the stuck on face and
  then his gaze travelled back to Sheila once more.  
"And who exactly is trying to work the remote controls right now?"  
"Ah! That's because&hellip;"  
"That's because you want to give her a test run! See what she can do or rather
  see what she can take because&hellip;"  
Her hands were on her hips now, the remote forgotten.  
"Because what? Because I've got some sort of submissive fantasy, and I want
  to be her? Well fuck your luck mate!"  
There was a time in any argument when a little simple needling could play
  its part.  
"Methinks the lady doth protest too much!"  
"Don't you Shakespeare me! The cunt can't be that clever! He's been dead
  four hundred years!"  
A hit. A palpable hit. She hated that word, or so she said, and she only
  used it in times of severe strife or, in other words, when he was winning an
  argument.  
But all thoughts of the argument were suddenly forgotten as Bandy whirred
  into life.  
*  
They had certainly had their fun with her. She had looped the loop so many
  times she had lost count. She had spun backwards and then forwards. She had
  hung in what felt like mid air and still the bastards wouldn't let her come.  
She now knew what it meant to be totally at someone's mercy but she hadn't
  heard laughter, in fact she seemed to be in an atmosphere of intense concentration  
"Yeah!" She thought to herself "They're all concentrating on not letting
  me come!"  
And then the chair began to slow and she found herself in a kind of standing
  position and the fingers were there again, touching her sensitive and wanting
  little place, taking care not to pinch but slowly extracting the still buzzing
  vibrator all the same and then she heard a voice in her ear  
"Ah poor little Ally! Poor, poor, little slave girl. Didn't she get the chance
  to come then?"  
No answer was obviously required and all her senses were reeling as the chair
  was raised (or was it lowered) until she was once again flat on her back and
  two (or was it three?) very slippery fingers eased themselves inside her poor
  wet and probably not gaping little hole and began to ease themselves slowly,
  so, so slowly in and then out and then in again.  
*  
"HEL &ndash;LO MIST-RESS. IS THERE SOME-THING YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW?"  
Sheila looked at the dark shiny creature with suspicion, and then she looked
  at him.  
"I'm not talking to it!"  
"It's not a thing, it's a person."  
"It's a person turned into a thing!"  
"It's still a living creature, you talk to the cats!"  
"I get sense out of them. Well a sense of sense. Which is more than I get
  from you sometimes."  
"MIST- RESS YOU SOUND TROUB-LED."  
"I don't believe this!"  
"MIST &ndash; RESS YOU MAY ASK ME ANY QUEST-ION THAT YOU WISH!"  
She stared at the black latexed creature in stark disbelief. It was still
  and unmoving and there was no clue to where the voice was coming from. Her
  head was covered in a black latex hood thick and eyeless and her eyes and mouth
  were vivid stick on ones.  
The Bandy/Allison creature still had her arms pinned tightly to her sides
  and her ankles fettered and yet she was somehow capable of electronic speech
  and she at least SEEMED to be aware of what was going on in the room.  
The creature spoke again.  
"PLE- ASE DO NOT BE AFR- AID OF ME MISTRESS I AM YOUR SERVANT!"  
Intrigued she walked up the rubber doll until they were virtually touching
  one another.  
Archly she reached out a hand and touched the doll's thigh.  
"What's your name again?" She asked quietly, running her hand gently up and
  down the soft latexed inner thigh of the creature.  
"MY NAME IS ALLI-SON MIST-RESS!"  
"Can you feel my hand Allison?"  
A brief pause.  
"YES MIST- RESS."  
"And does it feel nice Allison?"  
Another pause.  
"YES MIST &ndash;RESS ."  
"And what is it doing to you Allison?"  
"IT IS MAK-ING MY CUNT WET MIST-RESS!"  
Sheila was already muttering under her breath,  
"Wet cunt! Wet cunt my eye!" And then she suddenly raised her voice" The
  only wet cunt around here is the person who's typing these answers into the
  vocoder back at mission bloody control or wherever you are!"  
*  
She lay back in utter darkness and almost complete silence. Silence broken
  only by the occasional snip of the scissors as they trimmed away her pubic
  hair. She had never had it done before and she had wondered how it would feel,
  whether she would feel violated or not. She didn't. In fact it was nice to
  be without it  
The fingers had long finished their gentle, purposeful, stroking. She had
  been eased almost, but not quite, to climax and yet she somehow felt calm and
  complete when they withdrew. Afterwards came the scissors and now she heard
  the hum of the electric clippers as again as they moved into clear away the
  remaining hair and leave her bald and smooth. Her whole body felt the same
  way now, bald and smooth and somehow clean and fresh and invigorated.  
Not a word had been spoken for some time and she was used to the dark and
  the quiet and the stillness. She felt the chair being raised. Raised until
  she was almost upright, but nothing else changed for a few seconds.  
And then she felt them.  
As she knew she would.  
She felt the scissors at the top of her head and then she felt the sharp
  metal blades biting into her hair for the first time and she lay still and
  unmoving and silent as they began to chop away all the hair on her head.  
TO BE CONTINUED  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER NINETEEN  
 The buzz of the clippers against her now bald scalp felt comforting somehow.
  She wasn't fearful or worried. Interested in what she would look like now was
  the best way to describe her mood.  
Her stomach lurched slightly as the chair began to turn again  
The hands were back. Those soft warm comforting hands. Feeling her all over.
  Feeling how smooth her skin was.  
 And then there was a pause.  
And then the hands were back and this time they were coated with something.
  Something that smelt pleasant enough, something that felt creamy and at the
  same time lumpy and something that was being rubbed all over her body.  
Form her the top of her baldhead to the very tips and even in between her
  bare toes the substance was rubbed or smoothed literally everywhere. Even her
  outer lips did not escape  
She wanted to cry out at first, to ask what was going on, but the gag stifled
  any questions she might have and she felt safe, certainly not threatened enough
  to use her life line. And then just as soon as it had all begun, the hands
  were gone. Only to be replaced a few seconds later by something even stranger.
  Something warm, fluffy and comforting &hellip; towels!  
They were towelling her down after&hellip;after applying exfoliant to her
  skin to leave her smooth and clean everywhere.  
 "That's it!" She thought to herself, "See Ally, you don't have to be a genius
  but it does help from time to time!"  
It was strange living in this world. Living in this limbo world of no sight
  and virtually no sound and certainly no ability to fend for yourself. Whatever
  the people around you had to give, you had to take. That was the way that it
  was.  
She wriggled her toes and stretched her fingers, about the only things that
  she could move and then the hands were back. Those warm comforting hands and
  this time there was a smell accompanying them.  
Ally knew a little about essential oils and this smelt like Ylang Yang, rich,
  smooth and sensual. Soon she was luxuriating in it as those soft hands began
  to smooth and stroke it into her bare skin.  
Long smooth strokes like ocean waves roiling over and over her and for a
  while she could almost imagine that she was back in Australia. Lolling naked
  on the beach in the warm summer sunshine with the cool sea breeze keeping away
  the full heat of the sun and she was rolling over and over in the sand and
  the waves were washing over her one after another&hellip;  
She realised that the chair was rotating very slowly allowing her masseuse
  access to all areas. The most relaxing and sensuous, strangely enough was the
  massage applied to her newly bald scalp and to the area around her neck.  
 The chair rotated again.  
Voices. Far away voices and then one coming closer. Much, much closer  
"You've been a very good little slave girl Allison, but there's just one
  more thing we have to do. We've cleansed you on the outside and now we want
  to cleanse you on the inside, just once more. Stay calm now!" And then she
  felt warm breath on her cheek and a long lingering kiss was planted there.  
Should she let this worry her? She understood the outside cleansing, but
  inside cleansing could only mean one thing, surely?  
The chair was rising now or was it falling because very soon she was standing
  on her head and the voice was whispering again.  
"Good girl Allison you've been very very good and we're going to give you
  a reward!"  
Snapping sounds.  
Rubber gloves!  
Oh no!  
What now?  
She wanted to worry. Something in the back of her mind told her that she
  should but she decided to ignore it. She felt warm and comfortable even though
  she was upside down and not exactly in a position to fend anything off.  
She felt the hands again. Warm and greasy, they were stroking around her
  inner thighs just to get her used to the sensation of them being there and
  then there was a pause and &hellip;  
Oh Boy!  
 A double whammy!  
At the same time as a pair of gentle fingers eased their way between her
  outer lips and into her soft and still extremely moist little love nest, then
  another pair were pressing lightly against her rosebud and making it slippery
  with lubricant.  
As the first pair moved ever so smoothly in and out of her warm and inviting
  little fanny, at least that's how she thought of it right now, then the other
  pair were pushing with just a tad more urgency, wanting to go that extra mile,
  easing themselves again and again against that tight little hole until finally,
  with hardly any real effort, they had breached it and she experienced the strange
  feeling of being penetrated in both places at once whilst a quiet soothing
  voice told her just to relax and let it happen.  
And then, hanging there in mid air, incapable of protest or movement, both
  pairs of fingers began to move again  
Backwards and forwards very, very slowly.  
She couldn't believe it and she wasn't over sure if she could cope with it.
  She was being finger fucked, there were no other words that could describe
  it adequately, in both holes at once. And the fingers seemed to have developed
  a demonic rhythm all of their own.  
 As one pair slid all the way in, so the other pair slid almost all the way
  out.  
"Into my pussy, out of my arse! Into my arse and out of my pussy! Oh God!
  Oh it feels so fucking wonderful! It shouldn't but it does. Come on you bitches
  do it harder! Fuck me harder you pair of bitches!" Ally hoped upon hope that
  she would never have to relive that particular piece of inner dialogue again  
Very soon, perhaps too soon, it was hard to say; the fingers in her back
  passage were eased out and replaced by something soft but not living.  
 A tube.  
A soft flexible tube  
What the Lord, or in this case, probably Vicki and Sarah, gaveth, then they
  also tooketh away and as the tube was eased in, she felt something being attached
  to it. Something whose contents would soon be inside her, she suspected, for
  a short time at least.  
But while all this was going on she could feel something else. The fingers
  in front  
were also being replaced, this time by something fairly hard and fairly cold,
  something that seemed to have a control at the end because she could feel something
  happening there and - Oh Fuck!  
She took mental stock of her situation. Upside down. Naked. Strapped to immobility
  on a frame that could move her into any position anybody could possibly want.
  Blind and dumb and standing on her head with possibly the contents of an enema
  bag brimming and frothing above her whilst below, in her soft and admittedly
  wanting little pussy they had just slipped what would appear to be a fairly
  large vibrator.  
All her sensible instincts told her to scream or press the panic button,
  but her baser instincts, the ones that had probably got her into this in the
  first place, told her stay right where she was.  
A voice in her ear.  
Vicki the rotten bitch!  
"Hi little slave girl, well I think we've got you just where we want you
  right now. We're going to give you a high colonic in a minute, just to flush
  you out once and for all and get rid of any really stubborn, compacted stuff.
  It'll all be over very quickly and we're using a special double bore tube so
  that it goes in through the smaller one and out through the bigger one and
  then we can just dispose of it, once we've got you right way up that is, but
  it'll all work that much quicker this way!  
"Now just to stop your attention wandering, we've slipped a little vibrator
  in that sopping wet little fanny of yours. Sarah was impressed, very impressed,
  says she's never felt someone so wet and willing! In fact I think she wants
  to see you later!" If it were at all possible she felt Vicki move even closer, "I
  think you've pulled there girl!" She whispered and the laughter in her voice
  was unmistakeable,  
Ally wanted to laugh too but she didn't know what sort of effect that would
  have on everything that was going on inside of her right then.  
"I'm opening the valve on the bag now. You should feel it start to fill you
  up almost straight away, oh, we're using warm soapy water this time, just a
  couple of pints... and now I'm switching on the vibrator it's called Rampant
  Robert, by the way, so have a nice time with Bob and I'll see you when you
  come round, byeee!"  
The bitch!  
The utter bitch!  
And already the warm soapy water was, or so it appeared, cascading into her
  insides filling her full of fluid with only one ultimate outcome.  
Meanwhile in the pussy department Rampart Robert was certainly living up
  to his name. And what was more it/ he seemed to be rising and falling inside
  her just like the real thing. For a moment she wondered if she had made the
  right decision and then she felt the undeniable waves of pleasure that Robert
  was giving her combined with the sheer helplessness of her bondage and the
  uniqueness of her predicament.  
Suspended upside down with a pussy full of excruciatingly vibrating dildo
  and an arsehole full of enema unable to move a muscle, unable to speak or see
  and LOVING EVERY MILLISECOND!  
*  
"I never want to go to the toilet again!"  
"Oh Allison DO shut up! You haven't stopped moaning since I took you off
  the chair. I'm beginning to wish I'd left the gag in now."  
"Where are we going anyway? My feet are cold, my whole body's cold! It's
  not normal to walk around naked ALL the time, my parents told me that when
  I was 5 and wanted to be an aborigine!"  
"It's not much further now."  
"Well I certainly hope not, there's a draught blowing right up my&hellip;"  
Vicki turned to Ally with a stern look and a pointing finger and then she
  realised that she couldn't see her anyway. She looked at the blindfolded and
  handcuffed girl, naked and newly shorn, wearing just a PVC collar and a chain
  leash and as bald as a billiard ball.  
She couldn't help thinking how breathtakingly lovely she looked.  
She felt for Ally, she really did and she had taken it all like an absolute
  trooper. True they had been a little worried after the enema/orgasm but she
  had flaked out from sheer tiredness. One at a time would have been exhausting
  enough but together and combined with everything she had experienced so far
  today already, including the red wine enema, it had all been just a little
  too much  
They finally reached the main studio at the end of the long and draughty
  corridor that she had been complaining about.  
"And I don't know why The Bishop covered that mirror up on the top of the
  chair. He said he'd put it there especially&hellip;er, hello?"  
Vicki sighed audibly. She opened the door and gave Ally a little shove to
  help her in. She couldn't have realised it but the room was dark, the leash
  prevented her from straying very far.  
"Vicki?" The big room echoed with the sound of Ally's voice and Vicki realised
  that she would soon become disorientated. She dropped the shoes she had been
  carrying on to the floor just in front of her and then slipped something over
  her shoulders,  
"Now just hold still," She put an arm around the naked girl, "Now put your
  right foot up and now down, that's good! Now the other foot and just stay there
  for a second."  
Ally felt the blindfold being unbuckled and then, for the first time in over
  two hours, she could see. She blinked a few times but the light that came on
  suddenly was dim and behind her. There was a feeling of space and then she
  refocused and saw the mirror in front of her and looked&hellip;and looked.  
"Oh! Oh fffff&hellip;"  
She could see Vicki behind her. An odd looking mirror image Vicki who was
  putting her arms around her. She kissed the back of her neck.  
"It's all right Ally, you look lovely."  
Ally was stunned.  
"You've made me up!&quot;  
"Well, I didn't, a couple of Liz's Make Up Artists did."  
She looked at herself and almost did a twirl. She was still naked but Vicki
  had slipped a light blue satin half cape over her shoulders that fastened with
  a small chain around her neck and emphasised her bare and slightly up tilted
  breasts. She had also had her step into shiny blue mules with four-inch heels.  
What she saw was definitely not what she had been expecting. She looked older,
  mature, even wiser, somehow. She looked elegant and poised in her cape and
  heels AND SHE WAS ABSOLUTELY AND COMPLETELY HAIRLESS.  
 No hair existed anywhere on her body any more, not even on her head. She
  didn't look like Allison Pearson now; she looked like a strange exotic creature
  that had lived a completely different life.  
 An alien.  
The make up girls had done a marvellous job considering the time they had
  had. They had heightened her cheekbones, dramatically darkened her eyelids,
  pencilled in thick expressive eyebrows and powdered her whole face and head
  to give it a uniform matt and slightly surreal look.  
Ally stifled a gasp,  
"I look like that woman in Star Trek! You know, the film &hellip;"  
"Persis Khambatta*. She was Miss India 1965, she played Lieutenant Ilea,
  a Deltan navigator who had to take a vow of celibacy..."  
Ally looked at her wryly,  
"No chance of that around here!" And what she thought of as her new face
  broadened into a grin, "Well, after the last couple of hours I'm not likely
  to have any trouble with the Klingons am I?"  
 And then she started to cry.  
TO BE CONTINUED   
* Persis Khambatta died in 1998 following a massive heart attack. She was
  49.  
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER TWENTY  
"Oi! I'm still 'ere you know!"  
The fact that she was firmly shackled to the Saint Andrew's cross meant that
  Linda certainly couldn't go anywhere but she could move her head and she was
  currently observing a whispered and impromptu conference between The Bishop
  and Sarah whilst Lady Heather watched silently.  
"The number of things I could use was never mentioned!"  
"Sarah, surely you must see that it goes against the whole spirit of the
  thing. You use one implement and one implement only, I mean she's not exactly
  in a position to fight back now is she?"  
Sarah threw a glance over at the tall woman strapped to the cross.  
"That's not the point!"  
"No! And it's not what she agreed to either&hellip;"  
"She didn't know WHAT she was agreeing to! She just wanted to shut me up
  as usual." She walked over to the cross and stood in front of Linda with her
  hands on her hips," What is it you call it? "Fronting people out?" That's what
  you thought you were doing with me wasn't it?"  
Linda looked at Sarah and she felt more than a stab of regret as she did
  so. She wasn't too sure about love as a concept and it wasn't a word or a feeling
  that she bandied about much but she knew what she felt when she saw or thought
  about Sarah.  
Hard working, straight talking, loving, caring, trusting and oh so honest
  and straightforward Sarah. But Linda had painted herself into a corner and
  this seemed to be the only way out.  
She had the urge, the admittedly childish urge, to stick her tongue out at
  Sarah because she didn't, at that moment, have a serviceable answer.  
*  
"Come on, blow! It's all right, it's a clean tissue."  
With your hands still handcuffed behind your back, blowing your nose could
  be surprisingly difficult, as Ally was now finding out. She leaned forward
  with a self conscious little giggle and blew as hard as she could.  
When she was satisfied Vicki wiped her nose and crumpled the tissue into
  her pocket.  
"Aren't you going to look inside it?"  
"Don't be disgusting!" But Ally's grin was back. Vicki touched her cheek, "Are
  you okay now?"  
Ally nodded.  
"Mmm. It was all a bit much I think&hellip; Losing your hair I mean&hellip;it's
  all right for men, I suppose but&hellip;"  
Vicki took her in her arms.  
"It'll grow back silly, and you've got all those wigs&hellip;"  
Ally chuckled.  
"I know. I know. I knew it was going to happen but you just can't prepare
  for it that's all&hellip;"  
"And you're okay now?"  
A big radiant smile that made her look even lovelier. Emphasising her eyes
  and somehow enhanced by the stark baldness of her scalp.  
"I'm fine." And then a question popped back into her mind that had been irking
  her for some time. She looked at Vicki enquiringly, "Where's Angela?"  
That question proved to be the catalyst for a series of events that Ally
  could not have dreamed of when she first asked it. Vicki turned her head and
  looked behind her. "Okay, you can turn on the spot now!"  
There was a sudden flash and a bright beam of light seemed almost to explode
  into life to the left and high above where they were standing. It took a few
  seconds for both their eyes to come accustomed to the glare and then Ally realised
  that she was looking at a cage. What appeared to be a solid gold cage suspended
  high above them from a steel girder.  
The rest of the huge studio remained in darkness but the cage was picked
  out perfectly in the spotlight's gleam.  
"They also stage performance art in here," Explained Vicki with a relish
  that could almost be construed as glee, "And The Bishop's been working with
  Toni on a particular project that we thought was quite interesting."  
As Ally's eyes adjusted she could see that the cage wasn't empty.  
"There's an old Music Hall song, Ally," She had to think for a second as
  the new voice spoke. She turned and saw Liz, all leather coat and trousers,
  hands by her side, coming out of the dark and walking purposefully towards
  her, almost as if she were doing a piece to camera. The only thing missing,
  for real effect, was swirling mist or fog " You probably wouldn't know it,
  it's before your time, but it's called "I'm only a Bird in a Gilded Cage&hellip;"  
Another light snapped on. A brighter follow spot that wandered around the
  darkened roof area for a few moments before coming to rest in the centre of
  what was now obviously a more than life-size replica of an ornate and rounded
  golden bird cage. The sort of thing that would not be out of place in a wealthy
  Victorian home.  
Ally blinked. There was definitely something in the cage. Something that
  seemed to be somehow floating in mid air.  
 Another flash.  
Another spot.  
A second follow spot lit up the darkened studio and this time it went straight
  to join its twin in the centre of the cage and now, picked out quite clearly
  in pure white light, was the unmistakable figure of Angela but an Angela who
  had changed in many ways since she the last time she had seen her.  
*  
Sheila stared at the creature that fascinated her so much. She reached out
  and touched her rubberised cheek lightly with her hand.  
"I wonder if her name really is Allison." She said almost dreamily.  
He was just as fascinated by her as she was by the mannequin. He shrugged,  
"Well, she's got no reason to lie has she?"  
Their two faces, real and rubber, almost touched and for one wild moment
  he thought Sheila was going to kiss the rubber doll.  
"She hasn't, but then she's not doing the talking is she?" And then she appeared
  to drift off. She moved slightly away and looked the creature up and down, "I
  wonder who you really are." She said quietly, "What do you look like? How old
  are you? What did you do before this? And what have they DONE to you?"  
He watched her, almost mesmerised by her quiet sincerity and the obvious
  sympathy that she had for the creature that had invaded their home.  
"I wonder if they were telling me the truth. I wonder if this IS making you
  excited." Sheila's voice was no more than a hoarse whisper now, "I wonder," She
  said to the still and silent black rubber mannequin who stood in front of her
  unable to move, unable presumably to speak or to see or possibly even to hear.
  A rubber mannequin whose every movement was governed by somebody else, "If
  you're as excited as I am right now?"  
He stared at her. Watching her as if he were fixed immovably to the spot
  as she raised a hand once more and let it slide lightly down the creature's
  back. He thought for a moment that he detected movement. That the dumb, inanimate,
  mannequin somehow registered the fact that Sheila was touching her.  
He wanted to say or do something. Half wanted. But the other half wanted
  to watch Sheila. Even now she was stroking that smooth rubber again. Feeling
  around the doll's shoulders, and then tracing a finger down to her bare, latex
  covered nipples.  
"Do you like this Allison?" She ran her finger around the nipple and then
  traced it all the way round the soft shiny black breast. "I wish you could
  tell me. I wish you could tell me that it was exciting you just standing there
  being totally unable to do anything whilst another woman strokes you. Does
  it make you feel funny? It does me. It makes me feel very funny Allison. Very
  funny, very strange and very excited. And I've got this as well."  
He watched as Sheila knelt down and grasped the remote control that hung
  from Allison's "tail" in which were stored all the wires and controls for the
  various things that they could only assume at the moment had been planted inside
  her.  
She straightened up. To his eyes an unbelievably sexual creature in tight
  faded jeans and a torn black top, barefoot, hair tousled, without make up and
  none the worse for that, looking almost omniscient as she stood up holding
  the box that controlled the rubber doll they had come to know as Allison.  
Sheila held the box in her hand and studied it carefully. Then she looked
  up into the latex face of the mannequin.  
"Do you know Allison, when I was a lot younger I didn't believe that there
  were things like vibrators and I couldn't understand why on earth women would
  want to shove things into themselves anyway. Then I got older and I read about
  and saw some of the things that men do to women and I began to think that a
  vibrator was probably the lesser of two evils. That it didn't argue with you
  and it didn't come home pissed and want to beat you up and it couldn't, absolutely
  couldn't, fuck you when you didn't want it to and all in all I came to the
  conclusion that they weren't so bad after all, " She paused and her eyes narrowed
  and they stared into Allison's bright blue stuck on ones, "but I still couldn't
  imagine one up my arse!"  
He had rarely seen her so intense. The room was quiet and even now the light
  outside was beginning to fade. It was nearly three thirty on the last Saturday
  in October and they were standing in their own home whilst his partner of some
  three years held an animated conversation with an unspeaking, unseeing, unresponsive,
  rubber doll.  
"And that's what you've got haven't you Allison? You've got one up your cunt
  and one up your arse and I've got the box that controls them both." She paused
  briefly as if summoning up the courage to say what she had to, " I can make
  you come Allison&hellip; Or not&hellip; I think I could excite you so much
  that you would be on your knees and wishing that you could talk to me. Wishing
  you could beg me to either stop or finish you off." If it were at all possible
  her voice grew even quieter, "And I don't know who I envy the most Allison,
  Me, because I've got the power to do it to you or you, because you have to
  stand there and take it!"  
*  
"What have you done to her!" There was a note of horror in Ally's voice as
  she stared up into the golden cage. And then a look of fear flashed across
  her face as a third spotlight flashed into life and moved its way slowly across
  the darkened workspace to a point at the opposite end of the big studio where
  it lit up an identical but as yet empty gilt cage that seemed to just hang
  there waiting for an occupant  
*  
He had never seen her like this before. It was if he was not in the room.
  She stroked her hand down the mannequin's soft latexed thighs and then placed
  it on her smooth tummy.  
"I wish you could talk to me Allison, I really do! I wish there were some
  way that you could tell me that you could hear me and that I'm not just talking
  to myself." She moved until she was tummy to tummy with the unmoving, unseeing,
  rubber doll and then she slowly placed both of her hands on her soft latexed
  buttocks.  
"Mmm." She bit her lip, "These feel absolutely gorgeous. YOU feel absolutely
  gorgeous and that smell&hellip;that smell of rubber. You probably can't smell
  it any more but it's so strong out here and you reek of it! You absolutely
  reek of rubber and if you weren't real you'd feel like some horrible limp blow
  up thing that men spunk into but you don't. You feel warm," She was now rubbing
  her cheek against the rubber cheek of the rubber doll, "You feel warm and&hellip;" She
  moved her head," I can hear your heart!"  
Sheila looked up. Looked up into Allison's sightless prosthetic eyes. And
  her voice changed in pitch and speed. It became much quicker and much more
  animated  
"I can hear your heart and it's banging away in there isn't it? It's pounding.
  You ARE excited Allison, you helpless, beautiful, shiny rubber doll! You really
  are excited. I just wish that there was some way that you could tell me, that's
  all!"  
And Sheila hugged her. She hugged the sightless, speechless, impassive mannequin
  and something made her look down. She didn't know what it was but she lowered
  her eyes for a moment and saw, with her heart pounding as much as Allison's
  seemed to be, the mittened and manacled right hand of the rubber doll moving
  as far as it could towards her.  
*  
She looked up, up into the cage, where something with the body of Angela
  sat almost as if it were fixed to a long wooden perch that hung on two great
  chains suspended from the top of the cage and rested in just about its centre.  
The body was obviously Angela's. The stomach was flat, the breasts were large
  and the neck supple, but the head&hellip;  
The head was no longer hers. It was, to all intents and purposes, the head
  of an enormous white bird, covered in soft white feathers with two huge black
  unseeing eyes and a fearsome yellow beak.  
Ally looked further down and stopped in horror.  
She no longer had arms  
 Where her arms had once been, there was now something else.  
Wings.  
Angela had wings.  
Wings that also seemed to be made from soft white feathers and that appeared
  to be pinioned to her sides.  
The rest of her was normal enough. The body and the legs of a young girl
  tanned and lush. Large, luxurious breasts. the merest hint of her soft puckered
  womanhood between her slightly open legs on a body had already been denuded
  of pubic hair. There was only one other abnormality and that was that her otherwise
  bare ankles were both surrounded by thick leather cuffs joined by just one
  inch of thick stainless steel chain.  
The chances were that this particular bird would never be able to get off
  its perch unassisted, let alone fly!  
The dark leather clad figure of Liz Fisher came out of the darkness and touched
  Ally on the shoulder. The two women stared at each other for a few moments
  and ally could feel the flesh creeping at the bottom of her spine. Then all
  of a sudden Liz's dark and forbidding countenance cracked into a grin.  
"I'm sorry Ally, and you look lovely by the way, you really do, but once
  in telly, always in telly and I couldn't help spicing that up a bit &hellip;and
  to tell the truth I think it worked rather well!"  
"You had ME believing it and I knew all about it!" Vicki put her arms protectively
  round Ally, "I was waiting for Jack the Ripper to come screeching at me out
  of the dark at any moment!" She moved her face close to Ally's, "Are you okay?"  
Ally was shaking her head to clear it.  
"Yeah, you bastards, you really had me going there but what HAVE you done
  to Angela?"  
They both looked up simultaneously. The creature with the body of Angela
  and the head and wings of a bird did not appear to have moved appreciably although
  one of her bare feet seemed to be swinging slightly back and forth. Vicki decided
  to put Ally's mind at rest once and for all.  
"She's fine up there. She's got some of the gear that you'll be using for
  The Box, specifically a small headset. She's basically wearing a discipline
  helmet with a plug gag and a throat mike, so she can warn us if she's in trouble,
  but she can't see and she can't speak and she can only hear what we want her
  to hear. We COULD play white noise through the headset if we wanted, but at
  the moment one of Liz's sound crew is relaying messages to her. So she knew
  when you arrived and we basically kept her informed of what was happening,
  just like we will with you once you're in the box.  
Ally nodded  
"What about the wings?"  
"Mmm, well they're not as heavy as they look but they do keep her arms pinned
  to her sides and there are mittens built in to them so that once they're strapped
  to her she can't use her hands at all. If you could see her back you'd notice
  a small harness that holds her firmly onto her perch and there's also something
  else..."  
Ally grinned but shook her head in wonder  
"Don't tell me! Because if The Bishop's got anything to do with this then
  she's got to be sitting on at least one dildo!" Both Ally and Vicki laughed
  but they both noticed that Liz had that fairly far away look in her eyes that
  they had both come to associate with sexual fantasy.  
"Mmm. There are two actually. The one in her fanny vibrates and it's on low
  at the moment just to keep her interested. The one in her bum is static it's
  just there to hold her in place really, but it IS big!"  
At this Liz seemed to spark into life.  
"Yeah! Now it's apparently called a butt plug and it's apparently relatively
  normal but it made my eyes water just looking at it!"  
Vicki looked at her accusingly,  
"You looked like you had more than that going on when you were lubricating
  it for her!"  
Liz had the good grace to blush,  
"Yes well&hellip;"  
The semi naked handcuffed and bald Ally came to her assistance.  
"She's teasing you Liz, the way you teased me just now, don't worry about
  it, it happens to all of us, if we've got an affinity for that sort of thing."  
Vicki looked at her in surprise and then recovered and said,  
"She's right Liz, perhaps you shouldn't try to fight it."  
Liz looked at her for a few seconds and then something flashed in her eyes.  
"Shit! Speaking of fights what happened with Sarah and Linda?"  
Vicki looked at her and then at her watch.  
"Well if I didn't know any better I should think that she's probably beaten
  the crap out her by now&hellip;."  
Liz was already running through the gloom and out of the door.  
*  
"Sheila are you sure you know what you're doing?  
But she was either ignoring him or completely oblivious and he suspected
  the latter.  
For some time she had stood transfixed watching the rubber doll's hand then
  she got as close as she could and said,  
"Allison if you can hear me I want you to try to move your hand again."  
And she stood and she waited for what seemed like an age and then slowly
  and falteringly the hand moved and Sheila grasped it. She grasped the mittened
  hand and put her arm around the dolls shoulders and kissed her on the cheek.  
It was later now and the natural light had almost completely gone but the
  room remained dark as Sheila picked up the remote once more and said,  
"I know you can hear me now Allison," She watched intently in the gloom and
  saw the hand flutter again, "Good girl! Now listen to me. I know you're a living,
  breathing, human being, but you've allowed yourself to be put in a position
  where you can be controlled and I'm sorry Allison but I've just got to know
  how it feels. I've got to &hellip;"  
And with that she pressed a button on the control panel and heard the faint
  whirr of a motor. The doll seemed to twitch. Sheila stared into her blank features
  and said,  
"That should be the vibrator in your fanny!" Then she pressed a second switch, &quot;And
  that should be the one up your arse!" Looking up briefly she pressed another
  button  
"Allison, I am really, really, sorry, but if I'm right then this should be
  the speed control for both of them and when I press this you should feel like
  both your pussy and your arse are going to explode at any minute!" Sheila pursed
  her lips, hesitated for a second and almost as soon as she touched the button
  the doll she referred to as Allison began to buckle at the knees.  
*  
Left on their own in the relative darkness of the main studio Vicki kissed
  Ally on the lips and said,  
 "I think it's time we got you ready for bed, little slave girl."  
Ally looked at her and then up at Angela impaled on her perch.  
"What about&hellip;?"  
"She'll be fine. She's got her safe sounds and she's got a panic button in
  one of those mittens. What you don't know is that that perch can be lowered
  and at the bottom is not sandpaper but a couple of really comfortable air bags.
  She'll be fine till morning and it'll keep her out of our hair whilst we fix
  you. So come on little slave!"  
Vicki took her by the arm and led her toward the other cage and as they walked
  towards it the throaty rumble of a powerful electric motor sparking into life
  became audible followed by the sound of chains clattering as the cage was lowered
  down towards them.  
Ally shot her a worried look.  
"Am I going to have sit on a bloody perch all night?"  
Vicki smiled and shook her head as the cage reached the floor and the door
  swung open.  
"No, little slave girl, you're not but you're going to have to be blindfolded
  because I'm going to take off my dress to stop it getting crumpled and I don't
  want you getting too excited when you see my pussy!"  
Ally tried to look at her but Vicki was already slipping the padded sleep
  mask over her eyes and leading her into the cage.  
"Now you WERE going to sleep on your own tonight but I didn't think that
  was fair because you've got a big day tomorrow," She guided Ally inside and
  helped her to lie down on the inflated airbags. "So I thought that if you were
  handcuffed and blindfolded then you wouldn't be able to take advantage of me
  in my vulnerable state!"  
 And as she said that Vicki steeped out of her dress revealing that was wearing
  nothing more than hold up stockings and shoes, folded the dress, slipped off
  her high heels, closed the door to the cage and cuddled up with Ally on the
  comfortable air bagged floor whilst the spotlights blinked out and the cage
  was slowly winched up to the roof again.  
*  
"Oh for Christ's sake stop arguing you two and just do it! Just gag me and
  get it over with!"  
Linda's patience was worn out. The Bishop would not let Sarah use more than
  one whip but she was insistent that she should be able to use whatever implement
  she wanted and had already selected a spanking paddle, a deerskin cat and a
  thick and heavy rubber whip that both Lady Heather and The Bishop knew would
  hurt immensely if used wrongly and which they had been trying to keep her away
  from.  
Sarah broke away from the other two  
"I'm not going to gag you Linda because I want to talk to you whilst I do
  it!"  
"What? You wanna hear me scream you mean? I don't scream for anyone Sarah
  and you know that."  
"Perhaps she'll scream if I do it!"  
Everyone except Linda turned round to see Liz standing in the doorway in
  her leather coat and trousers leaning against the doorjamb with her arms folded.  
She unfolded her arms and walked over to where Sarah was standing.  
"You know," She said, "It's all very well you two having this tiff, but it's
  me who's the injured party, not you Sarah. You haven't been handcuffed and
  gagged and kidnapped&hellip; I have&hellip; and if anyone's going to beat the
  shit out of her then it damn well ought to be me!"  
And before anyone could speak she had walked past Sarah, picked up the ball
  gag from the table and rammed it squarely into Linda's mouth.  
The story concludes in chapter 21   
&copy; Wallace 2003. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  
THE BOX  
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE     
*   
   
Liz virtually snatched the heavy rubber whip from Sarah's hand. The Bishop
  was studying her and stroking his beard gently, whilst Lady Heather stood as
  close to the cross as she possibly could.  
Linda stared straight ahead as Liz took up position directly behind her.
  Sarah stood watching to the left of the cross, her face a blank mask. Still
  wearing her long leather coat, open so that it flapped around her and with
  the collar turned up as if it were raining, Liz steadied the whip and without
  warning bought it crashing down with a thud on Linda's back.  
Unprepared, she coughed slightly through the gag and moved against the smooth
  polished wood to re-establish her position.  
Liz stepped back a pace or two and turned to Sarah.  
"It's a heavy one this!" And, again without warning, landed a stroke, this
  time across Linda's shoulders.  
Sarah couldn't be sure but she thought she heard Linda gasp. Unconcerned
  Liz turned to her and said,  
"You see, I'm the injured party in this, Sarah," And she flicked the whip
  once and crashed it against the cheek of Linda's left buttock, "not you!" Flicking
  it again she cracked her on the right cheek. There was a silence that was broken
  only by Linda drawing a sharp breath.  
Almost insouciantly, Liz walked away from Sarah and moved round to the front
  of the cross, seemingly unaware that The Bishop was watching her every movement.
  She stopped in front of Linda so that she could look at her properly.  
" the trouble is," She said quietly, "that this is all very well but if I
  want to really get my pound of flesh, as it were, then I need to see your face!" She
  turned to Lady Heather who was still standing by the cross. "I'd like her turned
  round please, so that she faces me, so that I can&hellip;"  
Sarah was beginning to look TENSe.  
"So that you can what?"  
Liz looked at her for a moment and memories of what had happened earlier
  in the day came flooding back. When Linda and Sarah had put the belt on her
  in the first place, when&hellip;  
Liz smiled; glad to have the upper hand at last.  
"So that I can get my own back." She said sweetly.  
*  
Liz studied Linda as she was being moved and there was no doubt that their
  eyes met at least once. The Bishop observed with his usual expression of quiet
  amusement whilst Lady Heather busied herself with turning Linda round and securing
  her to the cross again, but this time with her back to it.  
"Hmm." Liz walked forward and touched Linda's flat tummy," Not bad for your
  age!" She said, looking directly into her eyes and both The Bishop and Lady
  Heather, who were watching them intently, got the impression that there was
  a whole unspoken conversation going on between them.  
Finally Liz looked away and turned to Sarah.  
"I don't know about you but I can't see the point of her wearing those undies,
  can you? I mean they're only going to get ripped by the whip later, aren't
  they?" And before Sarah could say anything, Liz had strode forward with the
  whip trailing in one hand whilst she raised the other and with a single jerk
  ripped Linda's bra away from her body.  
Linda did not move but her eyes were now in constant contact with Liz's.  
"Mmm, I'm not really one for that sort of thing but I CAN appreciate another
  woman's body. You've got nice tits Linda, pity they're going to be sore for
  a couple of days!"  
She had misdirected her little audience by talking to Linda and before she
  had even finished, the whip came down with a swish and a thud on Linda's vulnerable
  left breast and before anyone could do anything about it, Liz had made a half
  turn and slapped the whip hard against her equally defenceless right.  
She stepped a pace back and looked at Sarah  
"And we won't be needing these any more, either!"  
Her hand flashed forward once again and grasped the waistband of Linda's
  expensive designer panties and with an audible ripping sound, literally tore
  them from her body. She looked at them and for a moment appeared to be about
  to sniff them but then she let them drop harmlessly to the floor  
The first thing she noticed was the short patch of carefully trimmed pubic
  hair directly above Linda's lower lips. Then she stepped back one more and
  admired her body, naked apart from her Jimmy Choo sandals, at a distance.  
"Nice tan! Sun bed or The Canaries?" It was difficult to look in control
  and unconcerned whilst standing naked with your hands strapped high above your
  head and your legs spread wide but somehow Linda managed it. And she now had
  Liz fixed in a laser like stare.  
She knew the ropes. She'd seen this. She'd done it. She'd literally got the
  tee shirt. An "I Whipped Holly Rose" tee shirt that the young bondage starlet
  had pressed on her after a fairly drunken evening in LA a year or two more
  ago than she cared to remember.  
So she knew what was coming and she was braced for it when the whip smacked
  across her exposed tummy. She breathed quickly but already Liz was walking
  towards her, eyes heavily lidded like she was possessed, one hand by her side,
  the other swinging the whip. The heavy rubber whip that had already left a
  red mark or two across her skin.  
She was standing in front of Linda again, swinging the whip back and forth,
  making it seem nowhere near as heavy as it actually was.  
Then she leant forward and touched her on the cheek.  
"You know, I always do research for my projects and for this one I managed
  to get hold of a couple of videos, they were German &hellip;or Austrian, can't
  remember now. Very heavy. A lot of whipping and a lot of needles in tits and
  labia and a fair bit of blood. But they gave me the general idea and there
  was this one thing that quite fascinated me. Now what was it called&hellip;?" she
  raised the whip as if to slash at Linda and then suddenly appeared to change
  her mind. Instead she began to twirl it against her skin so that the tails
  just brushed her tummy, her wrist constantly turning and turning the whip so
  that it was in almost continuous contact and therefore continually sensitizing
  the skin " &hellip;oh, I remember now! It's called windmilling and it's not
  really painful but after a while it becomes really irritating on that soft
  sensitive skin!"  
The two women stared at each other for so long that it seemed as if their
  eyes were locked together. Finally Liz broke. She stopped the whipping, turned
  her back on Linda for a second, looked over at Sarah and said quietly,  
"But like I said, it's not very painful." She appeared to be walking away.
  She appeared to be heading for the door, but she turned and she strode purposefully
  back toward the cross and then she suddenly and unexpectedly raised her voice
  and she raised it much higher and much louder than was absolutely necessary
  at the same time as staring at Linda again but this time with a face that was
  a mask of anger and resentment.  
"AND IT'S NOWHERE NEAR AS PAINFUL AS BEING WHIPPED ON THE CUNT!" and she
  literally threw the whip between Linda's legs and saw her close her eyes and
  wince just slightly as the heavy rubber tails hit her flesh.  
Now that Liz had the advantage, she moved in close and, using the whip underarm
  this time, began to beat rhythmically at Linda's crotch whilst speaking to
  her as if they were holding a perfectly normal conversation,  
"How much of this can you take, do you think? I mean it's okay right now
  but what happens when I do it harder and faster?" as if to emphasise her words,
  the whip began to beat much more quickly against Linda's sensitive pubic area.
  The strands were falling on her labia and she had her eyes closed all the time, "And
  what happens if I miss from time to time. What happens," She raised her voice
  once again," IF I HIT YOUR SENSITIVE LITTLE CLIT?!!!!  
 there was a resounding slap and a thud and Linda opened her eyes and looked
  down. The whip had landed at The Bishop's feet and Liz was picking herself
  up from the floor whilst Sarah stood protectively between her and Linda while
  at the same time cradling her right hand, the one with the grazed and bleeding
  knuckles, in her undamaged left.  
*  
The glass roof of the studio meant that it soon became flooded with natural
  light once dawn had broken. Ally awoke to find herself nestling in the cool
  and surprisingly unsticky embrace of inflatable plastic and also that of Vicki
  Chaudhari. They were both more or less naked.  
She was surprised to find that her cape and mules had been removed but not
  so surprised that her hands were still cuffed behind her. Either Vicki had
  taken her blindfold off during the night or it had fallen off because she could
  see her now, cuddled up close, arms around her, her soft warm breasts against
  hers, wearing just those black, hold up stockings.  
Ally really felt for her just then. Curled up with her with a cute little
  grin on her face. She wanted to do something for her, she wanted to give her
  back some of the love and affection that she had shown her, but her arms were
  pinioned behind her back.  
There was one positive however and that was that, surprisingly, she wasn't
  gagged and she wondered for a brief and very fleeting moment how this could
  be an advantage to her and then, like some large form of earthworm, she began
  to burrow downwards as carefully as she could in order not to wake Vicki, aiming
  for just one important little spot.  
*  
Corridors, they say in business, are better places to meet people and have
  meaningful discussions in, than offices. Liz was about to appreciate the truth
  of this as she turned a corner in a draughty white corridor and nearly bumped
  into Phil Bishop going in the opposite direction.  
He looked at her gravely,  
"It's nearly five! Shouldn't you be getting some kip?"  
Liz did her best to smile.  
"Mmm. I'm going to in a minute but we've got a late start anyway," She looked
  at him anxiously, "we have, haven't we?"  
He nodded  
"We're not due at Leathers until three o'clock Saturday morning, so we needn't
  get cracking until about noon. It'll take that long to get Ally ready anyway.
  The Box is ready to go, it just needs one or two adjustments once Ally is attached,
  as it were."  
"Yeah, well that's what I thought," Liz pursed her lips, "the crew have all
  gone back to Edgware Road but I'll probably stay here, it won't be the first
  time I've slept in the car and it probably won't be the last either!"  
The Bishop studied her for a few seconds. A few seconds that made her feel
  almost uncomfortable. Then he smiled.  
"I don't suppose anyone else is going to thank you for what you did earlier
  but I do." He held out his hand and Liz hesitated for a second and then grasped
  it firmly with a warm smile on her face.  
"I thought you HAD noticed. My acting isn't very good I'm afraid!"  
He smiled now,  
"It was good enough, I've seen worse in the soaps and you sorted out a very
  tricky situation. That bit of whipping practice I gave you the other day seems
  to have come in fairly useful!"  
"It was true what I said earlier on, I DO try to research my projects!" She
  looked down at her boots. "Are they speaking?"  
His bright shining eyes met hers.  
"There were hugs and tears, Linda's hugs, Sarah's tears, after you left and
  they're sitting in one of the rest areas now, drinking that muck that passes
  for coffee, more or less fully clothed and talking, which can only be a good
  thing!" He put his head to one side, "Can I ask you a question?"  
She nodded,  
"Long as it's not about my sex life, I'm not too sure about that myself right
  now!"  
He laughed  
"No, nothing like that. I just overheard something Linda said and it made
  me wonder. Where did you go to school?"  
Liz laughed,  
"So the posh accent didn't fool her in the end, eh? I went to a secondary
  in Haggerston in Hackney, it's where my parents lived. They don't live there
  now. I moved them out to Kent, but that's where I come from originally. I was
  lucky. I was bright and I got to university and at that time every fucker in
  the world had a cockney accent so I changed mine. Not because I wanted to cover
  it up but because I needed to be different and it worked."  
The Bishop looked at her again,  
"So you and her probably lived&hellip;"  
"About two miles apart at some point in our lives." She let this sink in
  for a moment, "Can I ask YOU one now?"  
"Of course and I'm quite happy to tell you anything you want to know about
  my sex life, as long as you don't mind me lying horribly."  
"No it's okay," And then she looked up at him as if stung, "Don't know though&hellip; you
  and Lady Heather&hellip;separate interviews&hellip; talking about the things
  you've done over the years, as a sort of follow up to this&hellip;" She left
  it hanging in the air.  
Phil Bishop stroked his beard and said,  
" You'd have to speak to her Ladyship on that but I think I'd be willing," He
  paused and his usual grin reappeared, "And your original question was&hellip;?"  
Liz was dragged back into the present,  
"Mmm, original question&hellip;I've got the impression that you're not coming
  straight back here after the night club. Now is that right?"  
"Yees, it was a fairly late decision but it fitted in reasonably well with
  our plans, I didn't discuss it with you because I thought the gig at Leathers
  would be enough, but you're welcome to tag along if you want, might be quite
  interesting actually and it's in your old neck of the woods, Hackney. We've
  decided that Allison, the mobile sex slave and rubber slut will be making a
  house call!"  
*  
Vicki felt warm. Warm and comfortable all over. She had had a good night's
  sleep once she undressed and settled the exhausted Ally and she opened her
  eyes not quite knowing where she was and not expecting to feel what she was
  feeling.  
She made no sudden moves but she angled her head to look down and saw, and
  definitely felt, another head working busily away between her pushed open thighs.  
She reached down and stroked the baldpate.  
"Hello, little slave girl," She whispered,&quot;Can you just get that little
  tongue of yours a little over to the left?" The little slave girl obeyed. Reaching
  down and holding her head firmly in place Vicki Chaudhari made sure that the
  tongue stayed exactly where it was at that precise moment.  
*  
Wondering if the lack of sleep was confusing her sense of direction Liz turned
  into another corridor and ran, almost literally, into Lady Heather.  
"Hey!"  
"Hey yourself! You know I was going to speak to Bish, there's a dominant
  streak in you somewhere and I wondered if you'd like to make a proper movie
  sometime?"  
"Is that an invitation?"  
"Best you're going to get! How's the face?"  
Liz held her jaw for a second.  
"Bit stiff but I've had knocks before."  
"Yeah, Linda says you've bin abaht a bit!" The last few words were said in
  a mock English accent. Liz winced and held her jaw again.  
"Oh that is dreadful! Did she say anything else?"  
"Only that she'd like to see you when she gets a chance. She's grateful you
  know."  
"Did ANYONE believe me?"  
"Sarah did and she's the one that counts. If you're going to do it again
  I'd try to be a bit less like Arnold Schwarzenegger and a bit more like Liz
  Fisher if I were you. I like Arnie but I wouldn't vote for him and when you
  went to walk out that door I was expecting you to say "I'll be back" at any
  minute."  
Liz looked down at the floor  
"And I thought I was pretty good!"  
Lady Heather stepped forward and hugged her.  
"Liz, you were great! You stopped World War Three, which was the main thing,
  The Bishop loves you to death and if you ever come to LA, I'll show you what
  whipping's REALLY all about!"  
Liz smiled and looked up at Lady Heather,  
"I think I'll take a rain check on that Heather." She said quietly.  
 "Or maybe I won't " She thought to herself as she walked away.  
*  
"What is this SHIT?"  
Vicki had provided Ally with a tee shirt and briefs to cover her nakedness.
  And she was sitting now in the main studio, perched on a high stool with her
  bare feet on the lowest rung, with The Box to one side of her and countless
  pieces of equipment behind her, whilst members of the film crew bustled about
  and generally looked busy and Sarah tried to feed her the contents of a plastic
  sachet.  
"Now, come on Ally, you must eat!"  
Ally looked up at her. She had opted for a plain white coat today. Her legs
  were bare and she wore sandals similar to those Linda had worn the previous
  day.  
"But Sarah, it looks like crap, it smells like crap and I'd say there's a
  fairly good chance that&hellip;"  
Sarah was on her knees and pointing a finger at her.  
"Now listen young lady, because I will not explain this again, you have to
  eat but we don't want you on solids until tomorrow for fairly obvious reasons,
  so this is the next best thing and if it's good enough for astronauts then
  it's good enough for you&hellip;."  
Lady Heather strolled past wearing a light summer dress because, despite
  the time of year, it was very warm in the studio. She dropped to her knees
  next to Sarah and put her hand on the side of Ally's head.  
"Capisce?" she asked simply  
Ally sighed,  
"And what happens if I don't "capisce"?"  
"Then we force feed you, and you won't like that one little bit!" it was
  a new voice and Ally looked up into the smiling face of Vicki Chaudhari who,
  like Sarah, was wearing a white coat and high heeled sandals. "Now what do
  you think?" She turned to Sarah, "Should we put her on an IV, or should we
  strap her to the bed in the First Aid Bay, blindfold her, use a stomach tube
  mounted in a gag and feed her porridge through a big bag?" She put her head
  to one side, appearing to think for a moment, &quot;Or how about nasal tubes
  straight into the stomach, that's really torturous?"  
Ally looked at her for a few moments and then put the sachet to her lips
  and began to suck gently.  
*  
Already the sun was going down and shadows were starting to form outside.
  Ally was naked again but now she was mounted on a padded bench with stocks
  at the front and back.  
She was lying on her stomach, quite comfortably and her head and wrists were
  held in the stocks at the front of the device. her legs were held apart and
  on the floor by a similar pair of stocks at the bottom that kept her legs at
  a ninety degree angle to her prone body.  
In this particular piece of apparatus they had, once again, access to all
  the areas they needed whilst the various devices that she would be carrying
  were fitted.  
Vicki knelt down in front of her and stroked her cheek.  
"Now Ally, it's make your mind up time. Are you going to be a good girl or
  are you going to be a pain in the arse? If you're good you can talk. if you're
  a pain in the arse, then I'm going to gag you!"  
Ally considered this for a moment and realised that she was in a very vulnerable
  position. She also realised that Vicki's white coat had a couple of buttons
  open and that, as usual, she wasn't wearing any panties. She thought long and
  hard before replying.  
"Does telling you that I can see your pussy mean I'm being a pain in the
  arse?"  
And as Vicki reached into her pocket so Allison opened her mouth to accept
  the ball gag.  
*  
 Sarah knelt in front of her holding something that looked fairly formidable.  
"Okay Ally, now this is going to make you uncomfortable at first but it should
  make you more comfortable in the long run. You ought to be able to guess what
  it is."  
Unable to speak because of the ball gag, Ally could only nod her head a little
  reluctantly. Sarah was holding an item that appeared to be made from polished
  stainless steel with a plastic tube at one end and a balloon in the middle
  of that plastic tube. From the other end an array of wires and tubes sprouted.  
The stainless steel cylinder was quite big and it was also vaguely penis
  shaped. She had a fairly good idea where it was going to go and what it was
  going to do, but she raised a painted on eyebrow encouraging Sarah to explain.
  Which she did, much to Ally's embarrassment.  
"All right Allison you asked for this. This, in case you hadn't guessed,
  is a state of the art, made to measure, multi speed, multi functional, combination
  vibrator and catheter.  
"Inside The Box there will be a reservoir. It's long and flat and sits in
  the bottom under the air bags that will cushion you, it's mounted just forward
  of the venting system and it's charcoal filtered so there will be no smell.  
"You're going to be in there for quite some time and you're not exactly going
  to be able to pop out for toilet breaks, so the best way to deal with that
  is to catheterize you. Now no one likes catheters, least of all me but if you
  HAVE to have one then I would say this would be ideal. It'll make you forget
  all about the tube and the balloon holding it inside you because you'll have
  something much bigger to keep you occupied."  
She held the vibrator even closer to Ally's nose  
"You can't see it now but in use it telescopes and the forward half can twist
  and turn&hellip;" Ally's eyes looked close to bulging, "Yes Ally!" She smiled, "This
  will be doing a conga in your pussy while you're locked up in The Box and we
  can control it from the van OR we can shove it on remote and let it vibrate
  away at random intervals. I should point out, however," And here she grinned
  hugely, " that The Bishop has designed what he thinks is the world's first
  SMART vibrator!" and she pointed to the little stainless steel monster.  
"In here is a chip which collects information from your monitors. Once the
  monitors are in place and the system is switched on, we can activate the vibrator
  and it will immediately start to gather information about you.  
"It will read your blood pressure and pulse, it will measure your oxygen
  intake and it will decide when you need to be excited and when you need to
  be calm. If it detects that you are resting it is programmed to switch on and
  IT will then decide from your levels and from data fed into it by The Bishop
  just how, excuse my French, fucking mad to drive you and it will, Ally, believe
  me! We did a test run and I was the guinea pig. they tied me to a chair and
  I HAD to be gagged because once it got to know me it had me almost permanently
  trying to scream the bloody house down from sheer pleasure!" She paused for
  a moment and put her hand to her charge's forehead. " Ally, did you know you
  were sweating? It must be warm very in here!"  
*  
Vicki stood behind her and smacked her gently on the bottom.  
"Is it in?" She asked Sarah.  
Sarah stood up and smiled and then she moved to the front of the bench so
  that Ally could see her.  
"How does it feel?" Ally narrowed her eyes and nodded, suggesting that there
  was a little discomfort. "Mmm. Well that should pass." She was holding a remote
  control in her hand, "Now Ally, I think we're going to have to take the gag
  out because we need to know how it feels, don't you agree Vicki?"  
Doctor Chaudhari nodded her head.  
"Yes. We'll really need you to be able to talk when we insert the anal vibrator
  and site the TENS pads and it would be better all round if we did this with
  a little guidance." She knelt down and kissed Ally's cheek, "Are you going
  to be good?" Ally nodded vigorously and Vicki began to unbuckle the gag.  
*  
"Okay, now I've coated the catheter with antibiotic cream because introducing
  foreign bodies into sensitive areas is the quickest damn way to pick up an
  infection that I know of but it's gong to be in for less than twenty four hours,
  so we should be all right. How does it feel Ally?"  
Ally nodded.  
"Yeah, there was a burning sensation at first but it seems okay now. Feels
  a bit strange and I don't know how I'm going to walk with it in but otherwise&hellip;"  
"Good!" Sarah looked at Vicki, "Now I've put plenty of lubricant on the vibrator
  and it's fitted nicely. Very nicely and snugly and I'm just going to use this," she
  indicated the remote control, "to inflate the balloon on the catheter and stop
  it coming out," she put her mouth closer to Vicki's ear, "I was also going
  to give the vibrator a test run or would you like to do the honours?"  
Vicki smiled broadly.  
"Be my guest!"  
*  
Trevor the cameraman had been filming the whole proceedings discretely and
  from behind Ally as much as possible, but when she started to scream he had
  to zoom in on her face.  
*  
"Is that any better?"  
Ally struggled to get her breath back.  
"Yeah, yeah. Jeez that is one powerful bastard! Who's gonna be controlling
  that thing?" She nodded at the remote control.  
The noise had attracted The Bishop and Linda. The Bishop squatted down on
  his haunches and smiled at her  
"Well, I am at first, whilst it's "learning" but I don't see why everybody
  shouldn't have a go at controlling our little slave," Ally took this information
  in her stride but deep down inside she wasn't sure how she felt. She wasn't
  sure whether she should be excited or wary. Excited about being a mere plaything
  of all the others and being helpless to do anything about it or wary of exactly
  what some of them might do with it.  
 The Bishop was stroking his beard now,  
 "I have to warn you, Ally, that there will be a clone of this going in The
  Box with you. It will be attached to the umbilical cord that will tether you
  to The Box until you arrive at your last port of call. At that point I will
  be able to detach you remotely from the main umbilical and leave the clone
  box in place, you will then come under the control of a friend of Linda's who
  I think you've met."  
Ally, still held firmly in place in the stocks, looked suspiciously at Linda.  
"This is the house call you were telling me about?"  
Linda nodded  
"To a friend of yours?"  
Linda nodded again.  
"Sheila, the one who's madder than a bunch of March Hares on acid?"  
 Linda nodded yet again and did her best to suppress a grin.  
"And you're going to let her have that control box and let her have control
  of me?" Ally shivered as Linda nodded once more. Then she looked up at Linda
  with a mild expression on her face, "Actually," she said sincerely, "I think
  she's quite nice really!"  
*  
It was now nearly eight thirty and most of Ally's preparations were complete.  
She had remained in position in the stocks whilst Sarah and Vicki, under
  the watchful eye of Trevor's camera had snapped on rubber gloves once more
  and Sarah had begun to lubricate a relatively small but still quite worrying
  stainless steel anal vibrator whilst Vicki had approached her ominously bearing
  a large tub of lubricant.  
"Do you need to pee yet?" Sarah had asked quite reasonably  
"No I don't! And will you please stop asking because the more you ask the
  more I'm likely to want to go!"  
"Well you can't until we've plugged you into The Box." Sarah replied a trifle
  huffily  
"Well what was the bloody point in asking me then? Ow! That stuff's bloody
  cold and I wish you'd tell me when you're going to stick your fingers up my
  arse!"  
It was at that point that they decided that Ally should be gagged once more.  
After that things were relatively peaceful. Vicki lubricated Allison a little
  more than was absolutely necessary and at one point Sarah had to gently touch
  her arm and ask,  
"Are you lubricating her or finger fucking her arse because I'm sure Trevor
  the cameraman would love to know!"  
Finally Ally stood, a little self consciously, next to the coal black Box
  wearing a hospital gown and shower sandals and carrying, in her left hand,
  the long umbilical cord that would soon be plugged into The Box itself.  
They had ungagged her and after helping her off of the bench Sarah had handed
  her the umbilical.  
"And you want me to carry this around with me?" she asked as she straightened
  up and felt what the two plugs inserted into her anus and vagina respectively
  would do to her when she walked.  
"Well it'll look a bit silly if one of us carries it won't it?" Chuckled
  Sarah, &quot; I mean, you're not getting married are you?" And Ally had given
  her a look and stalked off as best she could with both of her holes filled
  and headed towards the array of equipment near to which The Bishop was standing,
  with Vicki and Sarah flanking her and doing their best to keep up.  
*  
Ally had never been to a military briefing but she had a feeling that this
  was a lot like one. In the centre was The Bishop with a Nobo board and an array
  of felt tipped pens.  
In pride of place at the front sat Ally in a specially padded chair with
  a hole in the seat, which not only took pressure off the devices inside her
  but also allowed the umbilical to pass through and lie harmlessly on the floor.
  She had been threatened with the gag again when she had asked if this was what
  happened when people developed piles but otherwise she had been quiet and attentive.  
To her left were Vicki and Sarah and to her right were Lady Heather and Linda.
  Liz was sitting behind them with several of her assistants and Trevor was filming
  them as always.  
The Bishop coughed and then began.  
"I'm going to try to keep this as brief as possible but we all need to know
  what's going on and this is the time when Ally can ask us any nagging questions
  because  
SHE needs to know, above everybody else, exactly what is going on and exactly
  what is going to happen later.  
"Now in a few minutes Ally, we are going to fit your monitors. The things
  that Sarah and Vicki will use to make sure that you are okay. I think that
  you are aware that inside The Box there are four cameras that will be monitoring
  you all the time you are in there and that we will be able to watch you from
  inside the OB, sorry, jargon, the Outside Broadcast vehicle that Liz's company
  have provided.  
"Niles will drive the vehicle in which we will deliver you to the nightclub
  where the performance will take place and you will be constantly monitored.
  Your heart rate, your blood pressure, the oxygen and carbon dioxide levels
  inside The Box even. You will have a panic button just like you've had before
  and you will have a throat mike through which you can give us the safe sound
  if you need to.  
"Once all the monitors have been fitted we can start to prepare you. Vicki
  and Sarah will supervise the liquid latex whilst Lady Heather gets your helmets
  ready. You will be wearing a very fine wire which will pick up everything that
  is said within a two metre radius of you. that should just about be enough
  not to pick up extraneous noise but should relay exactly what people near to
  you are saying. He held up a tiny device with a length of wire attached.  
"This is state of the art. The CIA and the FBI use these and they are very,
  very powerful and we will be able to hear everything. Absolutley everything!
  We can tune in what we want to hear and tune out what we don't  
"Now you won't know what is going on around you Ally, because your ears are
  going to be plugged, but there will be tiny speakers in those plugs and we
  may decide to patch what is being said through to you or we may decide to talk
  to you directly.  
 " For reasons that will become apparent later, it might be quite interesting
  if you were able to respond to certain basic instructions, but at the moment
  you are OUR rubber slave and so for the time being you take your orders from
  us, but you must trust us Ally, this is as much an exercise in trust as it
  is anything else.  
"We all have your best interests at heart, I think you know that by now,
  and it is in our best interests that this whole thing succeeds so you will
  be very much like the boy in the Rock Opera. You'll be the deaf dumb and blind
  kid and you may not be able to play a mean pinball but you never know what
  you might be able to do with the right sort of guidance!"  
*  
"Why do I think you've been avoiding me?"  
"Probably because I have!"  
They were in a corner of the big white studio where Ally was being prepped,
  Liz was hurrying somewhere with a plastic cup of machine coffee in her hand
  when Linda had appeared, seemingly out of nowhere  
She looked at Liz quizzically.  
"Embarrassed?"  
"Don't know what I am, in a lot of senses, right now!"  
Linda touched her on the arm.  
"Thanks for what you did."  
 Liz shrugged  
"How do you feel?"  
"Okay. A lot better than I would have done if you hadn't been pulling your
  strokes."  
"You knew?"  
"I've worked with experts and I've worked with beginners, people who were
  afraid to hit me, you weren't afraid, especially&hellip;"  
Liz rubbed the back of her neck.  
"Especially when I was whipping your cunt!" And she shook her head sadly, "Oh
  yeah, I know all about that! I know all about how much I enjoyed it and how
  ashamed of myself I am this morning." Her face turned suddenly grim. "You don't
  know&hellip; you just don't know! And I don't know if I'm gay, or if I'm straight,
  or if I'm some sort of closet sadist, or masochist, and I'm going now before
  I start to cry."  
Linda watched her until she had left the studio wondering whose dilemma was
  the worst and then she turned around and walked over to a small cordoned off
  part of the studio.  
*  
As time went on Ally got the feeling that this briefing was almost exclusively
  for her benefit and she felt quite proud and also quite grateful to The Bishop
  because he had explained it all to her before and he was now taking the trouble
  to go over it again to see if she had any problems and to make sure that it
  was all clear in her mind.  
Given the nature of the project he could simply have accepted her agreement
  and thrown her in at the deep end as a slave, but this was not the way The
  Bishop worked, he respected the people he worked with and he protected both
  them and their safety scrupulously.  
"Now Ally, when we unload you at Leathers you are going to be part of a sort
  of cabaret, which we will have to endure and which you, tucked up in your box
  will be blissfully unaware of.!  
"We're going to sneak you in through the tradesman's entrance, no pun intended,
  and you, or rather, The Box, will then be taken downstairs in the lift and
  manoeuvred UNDER the stage from whence The Box and yourself will appear and
  I apologise for this, in the middle of a dance routine which apparently is
  performed by a dozen female dancers in various types of fetish clothing, in
  fact, I think two of them are wearing nothing but their piercings and high
  heels but I'll have to find out about that." He paused and a voice from the
  front row quite clearly said,  
"You damn well won't if you know what's good for you!" He gave Lady Heather
  a look and continued.  
"You Ally, are going to pop up via the trap door with some fairly spectacular
  lighting and smoke effects. I've also installed some smoke making equipment
  in The Box itself. Don't worry, it's all fairly small and there's still room
  for you, so that you will appear, not only shrouded in mystery, but shrouded
  in smoke as well before you appear live as Allison, The Rubber Slut and Slave
  before an audience of more than five hundred people!  
"Now once The Box is on stage Linda and my Good Lady wife will appear out
  of the smoke, Linda probably in her leather gear and Heather in God knows what
  because she won't tell me and from then on it will be almost like a magic act,
  albeit a very fetishy one but of course, it'll all be done by electronics and
  trickery, just like all magic acts.  
"Our two magicians will conjure our automaton, our Rubber Slave, out of The
  Box and having established that she is totally under their control will then
  get her, or rather YOU, Ally, to do simple tasks like walk around the stage
  and so on, and the climax, will be exactly that!" He looked at her with a gentle
  smile, Sorry,but this IS a fetish club and your two tormentors will demonstrate
  their absolute control over you by bringing you to a jaw dropping, fist clenching
  orgasm right there in front of the assembled multitude. Think you can handle
  that?" For a few moments the newly bald headed girl looked more than a little
  nonplussed but she recovered and nodded her head slowly and with a widening
  grin, " Remember, they won't be able to see your face, they won't have a clue
  who you are and you definitely won't be able to speak so no one will recognise
  your voice. You'll be completely anonymous."  
The Bishop paused and touched the side of his nose with his index finger,  
" I should say at this point that you won't be able to speak normally because
  as you know you will be very soundly gagged, however, you WILL have an artificial
  voice, which we may or may not use depending basically on how it trials, it's
  linked to a keyboard in the OB and we should be able to make our Rubber Slut
  talk, electronically, but I want to see how it works before I commit myself!
  Are there any other questions before we finish turning Allison into our little
  Rubber Slave?"  
*  
"Ally this is Maxie, she's going to be painting you!"  
It took Ally a few moments to recover. She had assumed that Vicki and Sarah
  would be dealing with that. She looked at the slim woman with the shoulder
  length red hair and the half moon glasses perched on the bridge of her nose
  and wondered what was going on.  
Maxie held out a hand.  
"Hello Allison I've heard a lot about you and some of it was very good!" She
  gave hera huge smile and gripped her reciprocating hand very tightly. She had
  an air about her, a slightly eccentric air, but one that was extremely engaging.
  She was relatively young, possibly in her late thirties or early forties and
  there was something vaguely otherworldly about her.  
She was wearing a black tee shirt, dungarees and flip-flops, her hair was
  unruly and her face freckled. She let go of Ally's hand and put an arm around
  her.  
"My real name is Maxine Thornton-Evans and for that reason and for that reason
  alone, I prefer to be called Maxie, oh and people tell me I'm a bit overwhelming
  at first and if I seem like that, just shout at me and it'll bring me back
  to earth!"  
Studying her closely, Ally could see that Maxie was a very attractive woman
  but she appeared to be one of those people who didn't really care about looks,
  at least not her own. She looked at Ally with an impish grin on her face.  
"Now come along Allison, don't be shy, let the dog the see the rabbit!"  
For a moment Ally was about look around her for one or other of these animals
  when a dig and a gesture from Vicki told her that Maxie wanted to see her naked.  
*  
"Mmm, well I'm sure people have told you hundreds of times before Allison,
  that you have beautiful breasts but I shall add my vote to that and it will
  be an absolute pleasure to paint them!" Ally drew a sharp breath. She was still
  wearing a brief pair of shorts and the shower sandals but otherwise she was
  naked. Her lack of hair seemed to make her more vulnerable than usual and she
  blushed.  
Maxine was walking towards her. When she was no more than a few inches away
  she dropped to her knees so that she could study her better. It was at that
  point, much to Ally's later chagrin, that Vicki stepped forward and whispered
  something in Maxine's ear. She thought for a moment and then said,  
"That's an absolutely marvellous idea and it would be a splendid way to study
  her &ndash; thank you Vicki." Then she turned to Ally, "Allison my dear, you
  would make an excellent subject for a painting and Vicki here has just suggested
  a way that we can properly hang you, since it seems," and here she indicated
  the umbilical that Ally had, in a slightly cavalier moment, slung over her
  shoulder, "that you've already been mounted!"  
*  
"Lovely firm thighs. I'd like to make a mould of your entire body sometime&hellip; whilst
  you're still hairless would be good. I LIKE the moulding process. It can be
  very&hellip; bondagey&hellip; you're naked of course and you have to stay very
  still whilst we pour the liquid over you and if we're doing a full body cast,
  then you have to your eyes protected with a blindfold and your mouth covered
  with what you would construe as a gag, although it's really there to help you
  breathe!" Maxie looked thoughtful for a moment, "And, of course, we have to
  plug your nose and ears as well and once you're covered, you can't move a muscle
  until it sets and we decide to take you out! " Ally would have replied but
  the situation had deteriorated to the point where it had been necessary to
  gag her again and, as the only things available at the time were Sarah's panties,
  and a roll of gaffer tape, they had had to suffice.  
It was evident that Maxie's constant but innocent stroking of her now nude
  body was having some considerable effect on her but, probably fortunately,
  she was unable to voice her feelings.  
*  
They had led her over to the part of the studio that had been cordoned off
  and where now stood a temporary structure made basically from plain white sheeting.
  To enter they simply had to pull back one of the sheets.  
Alley looked confused when she went in. The canvas sheet was covered on the
  inside by clear plastic. The place had the look and feel of a kind of makeshift
  tent but what concerned her were four fetters, that was the only word for them,
  two hanging from blue plastic chains, somewhere above them and two set in ringbolts
  and also attached to blue chains mounted in the floor.  
Her entourage now consisted of Vicki and Sarah in front, Maxie walking next
  to her chatting amiably about how her "attachments" must feel and Lady Heather
  and Linda behind who simply wanted to watch. Trevor the cameraman was off to
  their left but as he was now a permanent fixture they had actually reached
  the point where they very seldom noticed him.  
Ally looked first at Vicki and then at Sarah,  
"Well?" She asked "What's going on?"  
"You are!" Said Vicki with a grin and she pointed to the fetters, "On them!"  
*  
The concept, they had explained to the bewildered Ally was simple. She needed
  to be painted and they needed her to keep still. They also needed access to
  every part of her body and the easiest way to do this was to hang her naked
  from the chains and before she could fight or even had a chance to think, four
  pairs of hands were grabbing hold of her and half carrying half dragging the
  hapless, bald and nearly naked girl over to the chains.  
Linda and Heather had her arms and being the tallest, were easily able to
  attach the sturdy leather straps with buckles to her wrists whilst Sarah and
  Vicki dealt with her kicking legs.  
"Let me go you bastards! The Bishop never mentioned this!&quot;  
"Now calm down Ally, this is the easiest way to do it&hellip; oof!" And Sarah
  collapsed to the floor doubled up by the kick that Ally had just unwittingly
  delivered to her stomach.  
By now her arms and one bare ankle were secured to the chains and she was
  hanging in a somewhat Herculean fashion from the centre of the tent arms high
  above her, one leg slightly spread while the other tried to balance on the
  floor.  
She had felt her bare foot impacting on soft flesh and she looked down now
  to see Sarah rising unsteadily with a dark look on her face.  
There were a variety of expressions on the faces of the little group, who
  stood in the quasi tent area, but most of them were expectant in some way and
  Sarah was in no mood to disappoint them.  
"Now I've warned you before about those feet Ally." She had one hand on her
  midriff as she turned to Vicki, "Would you do her other ankle please Vicki,
  only there's something I have to do!&quot; Vicki threw a slightly wary glance
  at Sarah but she trusted her and eventually she nodded.  
Ally was feeling more than a little vulnerable. This was the first time she
  had ever been spread-eagled standing up.  
"Sarah I didn't mean it. It was an accident. I mean&hellip;" And she broke
  off as she saw that even now Sarah was slipping a hand underneath her white
  coat and was pulling at something. &quot;Jeez Sarah, hope you ain't been getting
  excited&hellip;" but it was the last thing she said before Sarah stuffed her
  dainty mesh and lace thong, that was undeniably moist from her damp crotch,
  into Ally's wide open mouth.  
*  
There had been a roll of gaffer tape lying around on the floor and Sarah
  had used nearly a dozen turns of the sticky material to keep the panties firmly
  in place inside Ally's mouth.  
Satisfied she turned to Maxie and said.  
"You can do whatever you like with her now&hellip; I don't think you'll get
  any complaints!" And then everybody had left to allow Maxie time to familiarise
  herself with her subject.  
She walked round and round the bald, gagged and spread-eagled girl, appraising
  her, touching her skin, admiring her tan and she seemed particularly pleased
  with the eagle tattoo that was etched on to her back.  
At last she stopped and faced her.  
"Now, believe it or not Allison, I don't spend very much time with tied up
  and gagged women but I do find them fascinating and I've produced a couple
  of airbrushed canvases, purely from imagination you understand, but I'd really
  like to work with a live subject." All the time she had been speaking she had
  been gently stroking her hand along Ally's left side and Allison looked at
  her pleadingly.  
 Maxie laughed.  
"Do you know Allison, I used to have a kitten that looked at me like that
  when she wanted feeding and you know full well that I can't remove your gag,
  if that's what you want," Ally nodded strenuously, "but I don't think you're
  in any pain and the more I do this," She shifted the position of her hand and
  began to stroke Ally's tummy, "Then the more you seem to relax," Ally knew
  she was snookered and she shrugged her shoulders and gave a little snort of
  defeat through her gag.  
Maxie smiled again.  
"Mmm, excellent. Now I think we'll just take off these shorts. I'll be quite
  interested to see what's under here!" Ally wanted to tell her that it was something
  that she probably saw every day but Maxie's hands were very soft and gentle
  and she was starting to worry that she might already be turning into Allison
  the Rubber Slut when she felt the hands sliding around her tummy and gripping
  the waist band of her shorts.  
*  
"Well ladies, I think Allison and I have come to an agreement of sorts. Of
  course it's very difficult to negotiate when your subject is bound and gagged
  but also, I have to say, very enjoyable! Now I understand that there are some
  final adjustments that you have to make and while you're doing them I shall
  preparing my equipment." And Maxie marched off to a place behind The Box where
  a pair of holdalls had been stashed.  
Sarah had been having second thoughts.  
"Do you think we were right to leave those two alone?"  
Vicki grinned.  
"I know Maxie pretty well and I've never known her sleep with a man &hellip;or
  a woman for that matter. She's asexual. I think she reproduces by budding and
  besides&hellip;  
...at the moment Ally doesn't care who it is, as long as they warm their
  hands first!" Sarah smiled, albeit weakly. Vicki looked suddenly thoughtful, "But
  I hope we don't turn her into a real life slut!"  
*  
Linda and Lady Heather were back in the tent rubbing the circulation into
  Ally's outstretched arms.  
"Think we should let her down for five minutes?"  
Linda studied her look-alike and then noticed Ally nodding her head energetically.  
"Okay!" And then she turned to the naked girl, "Now we're gonna leave your
  legs chained and I'm not gonna take out the gag but it's not because I'm mad
  at you for kicking Sarah but," And here she fluttered her palm, " me and her
  ain't exactly bosom buddies right now and if I do, she'll take it the wrong
  way, so rest your arms a bit but leave the bloody thing alone, alright?" Ally
  nodded gratefully and both women began to unbuckle the straps around her wrists.  
"So HOW are you and Sarah?" asked Lady Heather.  
 Linda pulled a face.  
"She's pissed off! Really, seriously, pissed off. Never seen her like this
  before. Doesn't even want to stay tonight&hellip;" Lady Heather saw the tear
  run down Linda's cheek, forgot all about Ally and put her arms around the woman
  who was as tall as she was.  
"Hey, hey! Come on Honey, a few days away from each other might be what you
  need, you know, absence makes the heart grow fonder and all that crap!"  
Still hanging from her bonds and still gagged Ally thought about making them
  aware of her presence but sensing that now was maybe not the right time, she
  thought better of it and simply hung there and began to close down her mental
  functions as she would when she needed to meditate inside The Box.  
*  
"OW! Oh shit, those panties taste like&hellip;" 
  Sarah was tapping her foot beside her, but Vicki, sensing that Sarah was not
      to be trifled with right now, stepped in.   
"Ally I'm going to put this mask over your face." She held it up for her
  to see. It looked to all intents and purposes like the sort of mask that welders
  use. It covered the whole face and was hinged so that it could be raised or
  lowered. The one difference was that instead of being clear, the part that
  went over the face was black. Coal black and shiny.  
Ally; who had been raised from her meditation to have the gag removed, was
  not entirely happy.  
"Look guys, I know this is about slavery and all that but I'd like to know
  what's going on&hellip;"  
Lady Heather took pity on her.  
"Ally, we're nearly ready to put you in The Box but we have to do a couple
  of things here and now. First we have to connect up the TENS unit to your anal
  vibrator because that has to start learning about you too!" Ally grimaced, "Then
  we have to put your rubber panties on to cover up your "nerve centre"," She
  couldn't stifle a laugh, "And when that's done we can spray you!"  
Ally was aghast.  
"Spray me!!!"  
"That's right sweetie!" Said a voice from the back of the tent. Still chained,
  still naked, Ally looked up to see Maxie walking nonchalantly into the room
  with something strapped to her back and a dust mask round her neck.  
*  
A TENS unit (Transcutaneous Electric Nerve Stimulation) can be used for many
  good things including pain relief. It has a younger brother that is basically
  known as an Abs Belt, which can strengthen the abdominal muscles by sending
  minute electronic pulses into them.  
They have been known to be prescribed by Doctors, but it was unlikely that
  the particular unit that was now being jacked into Ally's anal vibrator would
  ever have appeared on Vicki Chaudhari's prescription pad.  
Faced with a soft pair of bare buttocks The Bishop did what he normally did
  and tried to pretend they weren't there.  
"Now Ally," he warned as he bent down and gave into the urge to give them
  a sharp slap and watch them wobble deliciously, "If you have to break wind,
  then I would appreciate it if you could hang on!" Ally blushed but she was
  a lot happier now the whole thing had been explained even though her bottom
  was stinging slightly.  
Phil Bishop had apologised profusely when he had heard the commotion and
  entered the tent but he soon calmed her down.  
He had explained about the TENS unit and how that too would come on at random
  intervals, to keep her awake and with them, more than anything else. That she
  would be allowed meditation periods when all the stimulation equipment would
  be taken offline and that the quickest and simplest way to cover her with liquid
  latex would be to spray it on in a series of fine layers, building one after
  the other until she was, to all intents and purposes, wearing a black latex
  body suit that would dry very quickly and which could be literally peeled off
  later. The rubber panties that she was about to be fitted with would keep the
  latex away from her abdominal area and lower back and ensure that her skin
  could breath.  
Even now Sarah and Vicki were fitting tiny, sticky, monitor pads to her back
  and chest and running a pair of tiny wires under her breasts for the surveillance
  equipment, whilst Linda fitted a very thin throat mike around her neck and
  The Bishop pressed no less than four sticky TENS pads, two on each buttock,
  onto her sensitive skin whilst Maxine stood a few feet away with the liquid
  latex canisters already strapped on her back and ready to move in as soon as
  she was given the all clear.  
"Okay people, I think it's time for a test run. How are you doing Ally?"  
Ally looked at him in shock. For some reason she hadn't expected this but
  it did look as if most of her equipment was now fitted. There was a an array
  of miniaturised control boxes for the vibrators, the TENS unit and the wire
  that had all been packed into a small belt that The Bishop was strapping just
  above her hips and that was thin enough and compact enough not to show through
  her latex pants.  
"There you go Ally!" The Bishop stood up proudly, "Your very own Utility
  Belt!" He touched the side of his nose with his index finger, "I'm sure even
  Batman would be impressed!"  
"Yeah, well he hasn't got anything stuck up his arse has he?" Replied Ally
  a trifle stiffly but she smiled a few seconds later.  
"Right," said The Bishop a little brusquely, "Heather is just going to put
  your latex panties in place and then you'll be covered. When Maxie sprays you
  with the liquid latex it will seal the panties in place but keep the stuff
  off your belt and your sensitive bits," while he was speaking Linda and Heather
  were easing gloves onto her hands and Vicki and Sarah were puling rubber socks,
  the type that scuba divers wear, onto her feet, "these will keep the latex
  off your hands and feet and now we can fit the mask because you don't need
  to see for this, we just need you to feel, and as soon as we've checked out
  the vibrators Maxie can start spraying!"  
A brief look of concern crossed his face as Heather approached Ally with
  the welding mask that would basically act as a blindfold and shield her face
  from the latex.  
"Are you ready for this?" he asked anxiously.  
"No!" Said Ally looking straight at him, "But then I never will be, so let's
  go shall we?"  
*  
Once they strapped the mask around her forehead and pulled it down, her world
  seemed to go silent. Rather than unshackle her feet the panties had poppers
  fitted to them so that they could be pressed in place around her waist and
  a small hole had been made to accommodate her umbilical.  
The Bishop had wished her good luck just before she felt them being fastened
  and someone, in fact several someone's, had given her an encouraging slap on
  the buttocks and then she was alone, hanging from the tough plastic chains,
  feeling the padded leather straps around her ankles and wrists but not feeling
  particularly over stretched. They had loosened the chains a little, just to
  take the strain off her shoulders, but she felt no stress there now, perhaps
  because the adrenaline was already beginning to kick in.  
And then something else did.  
The frontal vibrator had sprung to life and already it seemed to be intent
  on whirring her into an orgasm. It was powerful! Boy was it powerful! And before
  she even had a chance to take a deep breath it was making her wet. So wet she
  felt as if she was going to flood.  
Then something else happened  
The anal vibrator snapped on and suddenly it was as if a million bees where
  in there buzzing away! The thing seemed to be vibrating everywhere in that
  sensitive and vulnerable channel. She was glad right now that The Bishop hadn't
  carried out his threat and added the vibrating butterfly that could be strapped
  to her clitoris, but almost as she thought about that and even whilst she tried
  to fight the incredibly powerful feelings that the vibrators were churning
  up inside of her she heard a voice in her ear.  
"Hi sweetheart. I should tell you, in case you didn't know, that The Bishop
  never makes an empty threat! Have a nice time!" And then Vicki, the treacherous
  little bitch, was gone but she could feel her lower down. She could feel her
  hands on the latex panties.  
 She felt her tugging them down a little way and she shivered as she always
  did when she felt hands down there and then she felt something else. She felt
  her outer lips being pulled gently apart and something cold and hard being
  manoeuvred into place there and....  
Christ almighty! The little cow was peeling back the hood and making sure
  that the cold unyielding thing was now pressing directly onto her exposed and
  sensitive clitoris.  
There was slight jerk as the belt that held it was fastened and then she
  shivered again as her panties were pulled up and a voice whispered,  
"Think about me when you're coming!" And then her buttocks were slapped for
  the umpteenth time and Vicki was gone.  
She was alone again. All alone. Naked and bald. Chained at wrists and ankles
  with both her holes full and her clitoris about to be assaulted and the TENS
  unit not even active yet and then&hellip;  
"Fuck me!&quot; She thought, "The bastards wouldn't do that would they? I've
  got enough going on in my arse and my pussy without... Oh shit! The bastards,
  the absolute bastards. First one arse cheek then the other and now my poor
  little clit! Oh shit! Oh shit! Shit! Shit! First my arse, then my cunt, then
  my clit and then&hellip;  
And then she screamed so loudly and appeared to be about to climax so violently
  that The Bishop decided that the test had been successful and that it was time
  to turn everything off and leave his little slave wanting for just a little
  longer.  
*  
The painting process was fairly simple once she was calm and collected again,
  which admittedly took some time. Maxie moved into position in front of her
  holding a pistol grip spray gun in her hand, which, in turn, was attached to
  the two cylinders containing liquid latex strapped to her back.  
Once again it was Vicki who decided to raise the stakes a little and gag
  Ally, because she knew that despite her complaints, or because of them, it
  would excite her and when this was done and they were satisfied that Ally was
  as comfortable as she could be, the spraying began.  
It felt like rain at first. Like smooth warm rain. The cylinders that Maxie
  wore were heated and kept the latex warm so that it was more pliable. Smooth
  warm rain all over her body. It wasn't so much a sexual as a sensual experience.
  And it didn't take long for the first coat to be finished.  
It felt strange and tingly but still soothing as the latex fell on her bare
  back but it all added to the mystique that was growing in her mind. Soon she
  would be covered in liquid latex, which would set to form a second skin. And
  then another layer would be sprayed on top of that and another and another
  and with each layer she felt a little more of her old identity being extinguished
  and as it did so her mind seemed to become blanker and blanker, taking her
  deeper and deeper into a meditative state where she had no persona, no identity.  
She wasn't Allison Pearson any more; she was a nameless, soon to be faceless,
  slave, controlled by The Box and by the whim of whosoever chose to control
  it and her.  
*  
"Hi! How d'you feel?" Vicki put her arms around her and kissed her on the
  cheek.  
Ally looked around her. She was free now but still gagged, they had taken
  her face mask off and in front of her stood a full length mirror, she was glad
  to be out of the tent and back in the main studio as it was becoming very stuffy
  and warm in there and she could now feel the slight breeze and tingle of the
  air conditioning on her new body  
She started in shock. She didn't have skin anymore. Now she had shiny liquid
  latex where her skin used to be. Her whole body gleamed in the harsh studio
  lighting.  
And then there was the smell.  
A smell which she hadn't noticed before but now that the latex was literally
  curing on her skin, the strong heady aroma of rubber was omnipresent. She looked
  around her. Lady Heather was off to her right, holding what appeared to be
  shiny PVC mitTENS in her hands whilst Linda, to her left, was unpacking the
  shoes they had warned her about.  
Sarah was taking off the rubber gloves and the rubber socks that had protected
  her hands and feet and Vicki was already crouched close by with a small bottle
  of black nail polish for her toes.  
She watched them all, either waiting or working. Waiting or working for and
  on HER. And then she looked down at herself. At the sprayed black umbilical
  that was waiting now just to be plugged into The Box and at her shiny new black
  body.  
 At the generous swell of her breasts and the pointy, perky, little nipples
  showing proud through her new black rubber skin.  
She looked in the mirror again and saw her smooth and shiny baldhead and
  the stark make up that was already in need of repair and which two of Liz's
  staff were already waiting to touch up.  
She stared at what she had become and saw the helmets and masks in the corner.
  The final stage of turning her into what she was about to be and she realised
  then just how much she had really been transformed.  
How otherworldly she had become.  
How alien.  
And then she started to cry.  
*  
"Why do I seem to keep bumping into you?"  
Linda looked at Liz and for one moment it appeared that she was going to
  wink  
"Well, we all 'ave to piss sometimes!"  
Liz deliberately looked down her nose at her.  
"You're so coarse sometimes!"  
"Yeah and you love it!"  
Liz avoided her eyes and walked towards one of the cubicles in the smart
  toilet with the polished marble clad walls and the discrete lighting, but before
  she could get there Linda had placed herself between Liz and the door and stood
  there now, one hand resting against the Formica jamb.  
"So what's your problem Liz? Do I remind you too much of what you used to
  be or is it that you wish you were still like this?"  
This time Liz didn't shy away from her.  
"P'raps you were right the first time. Maybe I like a piece of rough!"  
Linda smiled not rising to the insult, if indeed it were one.  
"First time?" she asked quietly.  
"First time for what?"  
"First time with a woman? Come on Liz I ain't stupid!"  
Liz put her head to one side.  
"Why so interested all of a sudden? Checking out your options are you?" She
  put a finger to her lips, "Mmm, that must be it. Has Sarah given you your marching
  orders or something?"  
For once Linda was wrong footed and for a moment she didn't know what to
  say. Finally she found her voice, a voice which seemed much more hesitant and
  much less certain than usual.  
"She doesn't want to see me for a while. She's going to stay at my place
  for a few days and I'm going to&hellip;"  
"To what?"  
"Think it over. Think again? Maybe I need a change&hellip;"  
Liz's expression was blank  
"And am I included in that change?"  
Linda sighed, but at least it was finally out in the open.  
"Don't know, Liz. I really don't know right now. When I say change, I MEAN
  change. You and me, well, could be me and Sarah all over again and I like you,
  I like you a lot but&hellip;"  
How many times had she heard those words before? But they seemed different
  coming from Linda, and somehow more sincere. Liz put her hands in her pockets,
  perhaps to give her something to do to hide her feelings  
"When you say change what do you mean then? Have you got a bloke on the side
  or something?"  
Linda's face broke. At first Liz thought she was going to smile, then she
  thought she was going to cry and finally she just looked away.  
"Maybe. I don't really know, but I might try&hellip;" She said forlornly  
Liz moved closer.  
"Come here you stupid cow!" And she put her arms around the tall woman and
  was encouraged to feel Linda's arms around her shoulders as well. "You can
  stay with me for a few days if you want, but I warn you I'm an untidy bitch
  but I'll probably be editing for most of the time so you'll more or less have
  the place to yourself."  
They both straightened up and Linda said very quietly.  
"Thanks." And then she grinned again. "You can 'ave that piss now!"  
The first thing Liz did when she slipped inside the cubicle was to pull a
  new packet of Silk Cut out of her pocket. She pulled open the cellophane wrapping,
  pulled back the lid and got as far as putting one in her mouth before taking
  it out again, looking at it and throwing it into the toilet bowl.  
*  
The make up girls had gone, in fact, everyone had gone. She was sitting there
  now in that corner of the room next to The Box just waiting for the final preparations.
  The film crew had taken a break, even Trevor had been stood down for half an
  hour and she sat by herself because she'd asked to be alone for just a few
  minutes.  
Her make up was repaired, her toenails shiny and newly painted. The torturous
  looking shoes were actually more comfortable than they seemed. She often wore
  severe high heels and although they forced her foot up and into a high arch
  as if she were permanently on tip toe, they also left it almost bare so there
  was little or no chafing from new leather  
The rubber restraints were surprisingly comfortable. The mitTENS kept her
  hands in useless fists and the wire to the panic button in her right hand ran
  invisibly up her arm and jacked into her Utility Belt like everything else  
 The shiny PVC belt with the attached wrist cuffs that went around her waist
  and that blended in with the rest of her "suit" was both padded and flexible.
  She felt much the same way about the shackles around her ankles. In fact with
  the size of high heel that she was wearing, her legs being fastened together
  the way they were meant that she could shuffle short distances without her
  ankles turning.  
Perhaps the one thing that she was having trouble getting used to was the
  strange arrangement in her mouth. It was like a cross between a plastic brace
  and the stainless steel gags that keep an unconscious patient's mouth open
  during dental procedures.  
Ally was no longer capable of speech.  
The plastic/ceramic part that fitted over her teeth and rested snugly against
  the roof of her mouth also had a tongue depressor attached which held her tongue
  tightly and reasonably comfortably to her lower pallet. Intelligent speech
  was out of the question. All she could do now was make gurgling noises.  
Phil Bishop had joked that was the best way to keep women and had received
  an X Ray stare from his wife that Linda had suggested would strip paint from
  walls.  
So here she sat.  
 She had recovered from her earlier burst of emotion and had been very carefully
  quizzed by Phil Bishop as to whether she wanted to carry on or not but she
  had explained that it was the time and the effort and the care that everyone
  was putting in to making HER ready and her complete and utter transformation
  that had caused the tears and nothing else.  
She heard a door close and footsteps echoing in the huge room and she looked
  up to see The Bishop approaching her with something in his hand.  
He put a hand on her shoulder and then squatted in down in front of the chair
  with the hole in the seat that allowed her umbilical cord to pass through it.  
"How are you now?"  
He asked almost anxiously.  
Ally was all too aware of the fact that she could no longer speak intelligibly
  so she nodded her head vigorously.  
"You're sure?"  
She grinned hugely and as best she could with her mouth wide open and made
  an "uh huh!" noise at the back of her throat.  
The Bishop grinned back  
"Ally you've been an absolute heroine! Now there are only a few more things
  to do and I want to ask you a question, which you can either, say yes or no
  to. Are you ready?"  
She nodded. The Bishop placed his hand gently on her knee and she heard the
  door opening again but this time there was no noise. She looked up to see Vicki
  padding towards her, barefoot and looking a little tired. In her hand she carried
  a small aerosol.  
"Hi little slave, it's been a long night! Are you okay?"  
"Uh huh!"  
"Right, here's your big question Ally. " The Bishop paused for a second," At
  the moment you have some power of speech. Now, before we fill your mouth we
  CAN take that power away from you! It will mean a leap of faith on your part
  but you know that we are constantly monitoring you and you know that you have
  the panic button and I think it will be much more interesting if you cannot
  talk at all. If even the slightest grunt or groan cannot pass your lips. It's
  painless, Vicki has a dental spray that will numb your vocal chords for up
  to eight hours and make speech utterly impossible, any speech, but it is up
  to you and up to you entirely. If you say no we will respect that and go ahead
  with the filling."  
Ally thought for a moment.  
Tommy.  
 The deaf dumb and blind kid had somehow struck a chord with her when The
  Bishop had mentioned him earlier. It was an album and a video her parents had
  played a lot when she was growing up and one that she had somehow associated
  with.  
She really would be cut off if she said yes. She expected not to hear. She
  expected not to see but she had always expected to be able to at least grunt.  
She thought for a few more seconds and then very slowly and deliberately
  she nodded her head.  
The Bishop would not allow himself a smile yet.  
"You're sure?"  
The reply, such as it was, brooked no hesitation.  
"Uh huh!"  
"Oh Ally, you're such a brave little sweetheart!" Vicki kissed her on the
  cheek and then she showed her the aerosol. "You might find this tastes of strawberries.
  It will feel very cold at the back of your throat and it's basically a long
  lasting local anaesthetic. Ready?"  
"Uh huh!"  
She used what little speech she had for the last time and then she felt the
  thin elongated nozzle of the spray being eased down her throat almost as far
  as it would go. A long sustained blast of a cold liquid hit the back, roughly
  where her tonsils would be if she still had them and almost as soon as she
  felt it, Vicki was withdrawing and looking at her.  
"Try to swallow now, it takes a few seconds and then you should find your
  whole throat going numb!" Ally did as she was told and did actually feel the
  strange sensation of numbness creeping all over the back of her throat, "Now
  try to speak!"  
 There was absolute silence. She looked at them both, shocked even though
  she knew what was coming. No matter how hard she tried to force her epiglottis
  to do something, no sound whatsoever came out. She was absolutely dumb.  
 Then she saw The Bishop approaching her with another, much larger, spray.  
"This, Ally, is surgical foam. It doesn't burn like cavity wall foam but
  it sets in seconds and is just as hard. It is, however, susceptible to temperature
  and your mouth plate has a couple of wires built in which will heat up, quite
  safely, in your mouth when we need them to and disperse the foam. We know you
  have no sinus problems and we are going to fit you with two small oxygen cylinders
  and nasal tubes in a moment.  
"If for some reason the air in The Box isn't circulating properly and it
  becomes fetid or stale then we can switch you on to oxygen. We may do that
  a few times anyway just to make you slightly light headed!" He touched her
  on the cheek, &quot;Ready, my little slave girl?" She nodded eagerly. anxious
  to get on and he pointed the spray into her open mouth whilst Vicki held her
  head slightly forward.  
*  
It looked much larger close up than it had previously done. The way her imagination
  ran now it could almost have been a sinister black pod from which she had somehow
  mysteriously hatched. The petal like lids and the slick shining, glistening,
  interior forming the cocoon that would keep her safe until birth.  
Or should that be rebirth.  
"Well little slave, are you ready to test your new home?"  
Ally really had been somewhere else and she looked up into the smiling countenance
  of The Bishop, she had found that it was possible to smile with her eyes and
  she did that now. Her mouth was now held open by the foam in a permanent look
  of wide-eyed open-mouthed astonishment, but it was comfortable enough, more
  comfortable, in fact, than a conventional gag would be, so she had no complaints,
  even if she had been able to voice them.  
It really excited her being unable to speak and being almost entirely at
  the mercy of other people. But of course this was a controlled environment
  and she was amongst friends. She couldn't even contemplate the thought of being
  like it all the time. Of being out in the world in a hostile environment and
  being totally dependent on other people.  
She suddenly remembered The Bishop. He put a hand on her shoulder.  
"Having second thoughts?"  
A very emphatic shake of the head.  
"Okay." He said with some finality as if relieved, "Well in that case I don't
  see why we can't sit you inside and prepare you for take off. Heather are you
  plugged in yet?"  
They stared at the slightly comical sight Lady Heather's jodhpurred bottom
  sticking out of The Box whilst she tried to connect the umbilical to the equipment
  housed there. Finally she emerged a little greasier and a little sweatier than
  when she went in and with her hair in disarray.  
"It's mated Bish and we've got three green lights!"  
"Marvellous! You see Ally, you women can do almost anything when you put
  your minds to it!" He didn't cry out but instead let out a sharp breath as
  one of Heather's riding boots connected soundly with his left ankle.  
Recovering his composure, he spoke to the assembled multitude.  
"Okay everybody, Allison is now about to be installed, so if you'd like to
  wish her luck, now is the time! Please don't crowd her and I'm sure that I
  speak for everybody, Ally, when I wish you Bon Voyage and happy landings!  
The Bishop pressed a button on his remote control and the front panel of
  The Box lowered gently, allowing Linda and Heather to help the speechless and
  restrained girl, now wearing a small pair of oxygen cylinders on her back with
  a light transparent nasal tube attached, to shuffle up the panel, which also
  acted as a form of drawbridge, and then seat her as comfortably as they could
  in a kind of upright foetal position on a small padded ledge.  
The Bishop walked forward and touched her shoulder.  
"I'm going to raise the gate now and when that's locked and secure I'll inflate
  the airbags until they hold you absolutely rigid. That gunk all over them,
  which will also be all over you soon, is a very fine vegetable based oil that
  does NOT rot rubber or latex and will stop the airbags sticking to you. It
  will also give you an unearthly sheen under the nightclub lights. Now this
  is probably the last time that you will be seeing me for a while, I'm going
  to be working with Niles getting the gear ready. Ah! Here he is now, right
  on cue!"  
Ally looked up to see Niles coming through the door wearing a brown uniform
  and pushing a trolley on which was a very unusual looking package. A package
  roughly five and a half feet long and slightly rounded at one end which was
  strapped tightly to the delivery trolley.  
*  
"Hey Niles, how's the little pest?"  
Niles grinned at Lady Heather.  
"Quiet. In fact I think she's asleep!"  
"Did you HAVE to put her on her head?" Asked Sarah who was touching the smooth,
  taped body.  
"Best place for her if you ask me!" said Linda who was standing close by
  with her hands in her pockets.  
"Well, no one's asking you are they?" Retorted Sarah. Linda shrugged and
  withdrew slightly, not wishing to start an argument at that point.  
"Did you have any problems?" Asked The Bishop picking up a small item with
  a liquid crystal read out that had been hooked to the top rung of the trolley.  
"No." Niles had a huge grin on his face. "I kept her in the inflatable hood
  for most of the day after I took her out of the cage and before I wrapped her
  I slipped a couple of persuaders into her important little places. They're
  both on timers. The one in her puss comes on for ten minutes out of every twenty
  whilst the one in her butt works five out of fifteen. "  
Suddenly there was a low moan from the tightly packaged object that they
  all now realised was Angela.  
The Bishop was studying the display that he held in his hand.  
"So I take it A is for ass and V is for &hellip;"  
Niles nodded.  
"Pussy! That's right. That tells you how many times the vibrators have been
  on, " The Bishop let out a low whistle, "And underneath are her vital signs!" He
  squatted down on his haunches, "If you look here you can see where I bandaged
  the airway in place." He turned to Sarah,&quot; That was a great idea of yours
  the other day and I'm very grateful. I've always been looking for a way to
  keep her quiet!"  
*  
"Dom 1 to control. Dom1 to control!"  
"Receiving you loud and clear Dom 1 and I must say that it is a pleasure
  to hear from you. I trust you are safely installed?"  
"You trust correctly Bish! I'm in the OB with Liz and Linda and I've just
  gone online."  
"Excellent your Ladyship, excellent. Now I take it you have access to the
  second laptop?"  
"Affirmative."  
"Good! Now, on the desktop you should see an icon of a gagged face."  
"Should do, it's mine!"  
"So it is. Now if you click on that icon it should start a little programme
  that will monitor Ally constantly from the van."  
"It's done. I've got her blood pressure and her pulse&hellip; oxygen levels
  are pretty good&hellip;"  
"They should be we haven't fitted the masks yet. Your Ladyship, may I ask
  a question?"  
"Go ahead control. Don't guarantee you'll get an answer though."  
"Well I just wondered what exactly you were wearing tonight?"  
There was a brief pause and another voice crackled out of the walkie-talkie.  
"Hi Phil it's Liz. I'll start at the bottom and work my way up. Black patent
  six inch heels, fishnet STOCKINGS, a shiny sequinned blue leotard with attached
  suspenders, white shirt front under the leotard complete with blue spangly
  bow tie, Oh, and a blue sequinned top hat and a riding crop. Linda's wearing
  exactly the same now and I have to say that it looks like a cross between "Cabaret" and "The
  Rocky Horror Picture Show" in here right now! Oh shit! Get off me you two!
  I said&hellip;"  
*  
"Will you both be okay?"  
Both Sarah and Vicki turned to The Bishop and nodded.  
"Okay, if you need me ,I have a radio. Did the panic button work?  
Vicki looked up at him with a smile.  
"It worked fine. Now go with Niles. It's all under control here, we only
  have to inflate the hood and then The Box is ready for closure and they can
  do that from the van,! Now go and we'll call you if there are any problems,
  okay?"  
The Bishop nodded and began to follow, a trifle reluctantly, Niles and the
  trolley on which he was pushing the duct tape wrapped form of Angela.  
*  
What was that song called?  
Oh that was it, "Comfortably Numb".  
Her dad had always been a big fan of Pink Floyd and that was how she felt
  right now. Comfortable and numb. Not seeing and not hearing and not being able
  to speak concentrated the mind enormously and instead of there being a myriad
  of thoughts running through her mind there were none. Unless she wanted them.
  She could martial and control them in her dark silent little world and just
  for the hell of it she let her mind wander back to the installation of the
  hoods.  
"All right Ally, time for your blindfold!"  
Ally nodded. Sarah too was barefoot now, finding that shoes just got in the
  way and she dropped to her knees and carefully stuck the two thick, soft, gauze
  pads in place over her eye sockets.  
"Now I'm just going to tape over these and then I'm going to put some surgical
  tape over your mouth, just because I like doing it really!" She heard Vicki
  giggle off to the left and made a mental note to deal with them both at some
  time in the not too distant future. Then she felt warm soft hands smoothing
  the tape over her eyes and then her mouth  
"Okay sweetie, time for your ear plugs!" It was Vicki this time. "Bye sweetheart,
  think about us. Think about me naked and abusing that beautiful little body
  of yours!"  
 Something brushed her cheek. Vicki's lips, warm and sensual. And then they
  were gone but she could feel something elsewhere. It was a strange sensation
  having someone else touch your ears and she shivered as first one soft, squishy
  plug and then the other was inserted into her ear canals and everything went
  ultra quiet and she started to tune in to her own body.  
 She listened to the gentle "lub dub" sound of her heart, knowing that it
  would soon turn into a pounding drumbeat when the vibrators started and she
  had already resigned herself to a long and potentially lonely period of silence,
  when all of a sudden there was a slight crackle and a voice said,  
"Testing, testing, one, two, three. This is Radio Dom! I can see you on the
  monitors Ally, just nod your head if you can hear me."  
It was Lady Heather's voice from the control centre they had set up in the
  Outside Broadcast Vehicle.  
 Ally nodded slowly.  
"Good! Now you'll be hearing from one of us if you need to. Sarah is just
  fitting the first hood, the one with the clown face, and then she's going to
  fix the blonde wig and after that they're going to screw on the Darth Vader
  mask and hook you up to the oxygen. Stay on this channel little slave girl!"  
*  
Lady Heather swivelled in her seat and Liz looked at her with concern.  
"When are you going to tell her about the switch? Oh and if either of you
  ever hold me down and pull my knickers off again, I shall&hellip; where are
  they by the way?"  
Lady Heather laughed  
"Sorry Liz, guess we couldn't resist it and your "knickers" are currently
  on the way over to the studio where they're going to be slipped into Ally's
  hood and under her nose before it's sealed. Hope they weren't wet!"  
Liz pulled a face and then blushed  
Linda looked at her seriously,  
"Don't take offence Liz. It WAS just a joke. We were going to use a pair
  of ours but it seemed to make sense at the time!"  
Still grinning Lady Heather leaned over and said,  
"Put it this way Liz, your panties are going to make a young girl very happy! " And
  then she turned back to the control panel.  
*  
"This is Radio Dom! Hi Ally! Hope those panties are nice. It was a good idea
  to push the oxygen tubes THROUGH them so you could get the full smell of the
  crotch piece under your nose even when you were taking oxygen, wasn't it? and
  it'll give you something to do in the dark. You can sit there and sniff and
  wonder just whose they really are. Yeah, I can see you nodding, now here's
  a word on that too.  
"You know what The Bishop's like and now you've got the hood and the mask
  and the inflatable hood in place I can tell you that he's got just one little
  surprise left up his sleeve.  
"He's added a little switch to the back of your hood. It's called a mercury
  switch Ally and if it gets tilted too much, I think it's about five degrees,
  then it'll set off the vibrators and the TENS unit and that little butterfly
  that's rubbing against your clit. So try not to move too much sweetheart and
  we'll see you at the club&hellip; And finally, the weather today is expected
  to be dark and moonlit with temperatures in the late fifties and a ninety percent
  prospect of precipitation later. This is Radio Dom signing off and reminding
  you to just be careful out there!"  
*  
She had panicked a little at first. When the first layer, the one they called
  the clown hood, was fitted over her face but once she found that it had air
  holes under the nose and that she didn't have to change her breathing pattern
  in any way, she calmed down.  
The panties were a shock. Particularly because they were warm and noticeably
  damp against her skin but by the time the nasal tubes were in place and the
  fibreglass mask that they referred to as Darth was being screwed on, she had
  got used to the warm and musky smell and it seemed comforting somehow and more
  than slightly arousing.  
She didn't even register the inflatable hood that would make her look, at
  first sight, like some kind of hideous insect but she felt the posture collar
  going on and then she heard quite clearly the final message from Lady Heather.  
She sat cushioned and restrained by the bags now, unable to twitch more than
  a painted eyebrow. All of her senses on hold. Blind deaf, dumb, utterly immobile
  and utterly dependent on The Box for her very life.  
She jumped as the she felt the first movement and did her best to stay still
  as The Box began to rock and sway slightly. She guessed that she was being
  trolleyed out of the studio and into the street where she would be loaded onto
  the truck with the mummified Angela and it was at that moment that she realised
  that her big adventure was only just beginning&hellip;  
*  
"Sheila. Sheila! That's enough now&hellip; let her be."  
"Bill, if you don't like it, then just piss off and leave me alone! You say
  she's not been forced into this, then that must mean that she came here of
  her own free will, whoever she is. And if she comes in here asking to be used
  and abused then&hellip;"  
He had never seen her like this. She had absolute and total control over
  Allison and she seemed to be delighting in it. She had soon mastered the remote
  control and it hadn't taken her long to master Allison as well.  
As he watched revelling in her power over the helpless doll he thought of
  the old maxim:  
All power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely!  
And he watched as short bursts turned to longer ones and the need to command
  and control became greater and greater,  
"Now Allison, I think you can still hear me and I want you to do something
  for me. I want you to walk towards me because if you don't I'm going to keep
  my finger on this little button here which works the vibrator in your pussy
  and I'm going to keep it down like this!"  
Allison's reaction was immediate. She stiffened, she tried to move her head,
  and she tried to flap her arms. There was no sound this time because, they
  had decided earlier, that the keening wail that they had heard previously was
  electronically generated like Allison's "voice". The rubber doll twitched violently
  as if in her death throes but she was powerless to move because of the rubber
  shackles around her ankles.  
"Come on Allison! I know you can hear me because you reacted just now, so
  try for me. Try for me and I'll let you come. But no pain, no gain Allison!
  If you don't try I'm going to have to switch the TENS unit on! Now let me see,
  that's this big green button here.  
He could hear the unit pulse and he could imagine inTENSe blue flashes of
  electrical energy flashing deep into the muscles in her vulnerable rear.  
The shiny black doll shivered and he could see her muscles twitching. And
  not just the muscles in her bottom either.  
 Allison seemed to be going into spasm.  
"Come ON! You said you were MY little rubber slut so do as you're told Allison.
  Walk towards me. And just to help you a little bit more I'm going to switch
  on the vibrator in your arse! Let's see if that helps!"  
But rather than walking forward Allison dropped to her knees, her pinioned
  arms doing their best to move but only managing to flap uselessly at her sides.
  It was only when she pushed back her head as best she could and tried to look
  sightlessly at the imperious Sheila in a gesture of supplication that he knew
  he finally had to do something,  
Without thinking he shot forward and made a grab at the control but Sheila
  was too quick and she stepped to one side clinging to The Box that controlled
  Allison and said.  
"That's enough! If you don't like it you can go outside. And if you try to
  take it off me again, she's going to suffer!" she looked down at the mannequin
  who was still on her knees and then back at him.  
"I can torture her with this, don't forget. I can take her to the edge and
  drag her back so many times she won't know whether she's on her head or her
  arse and if you don't like it&hellip;"  
"You can kiss my ass!  
They had both been oblivious to it. Too wrapped up in themselves and Allison's
  plight to hear the front door being opened&hellip; with the key.  
"Who the fuck&hellip;"  
Sheila stared at the tall woman wearing a long leather coat, patent heels
  and fishnet stockings and her jaw dropped.  
Lady Heather walked slowly into the room.  
"I'm your worst nightmare lady!"  
Followed by Linda dressed exactly the same.  
"And so am I!"  
Sheila recovered her composure surprisingly quickly.  
"Oh it's you, you bitch! I should have realised&hellip;"  
Linda looked at her challengingly.  
"Realised what? Shit for brains!"  
But Sheila was already studying Lady Heather.  
"So what have you done? Cloned yourself? Blimey, a right win double you two
  make!"  
Lady Heather put out a hand.  
"You've got something of ours lady, and we want it back!"  
They all suddenly looked down at the floor and saw the anonymous Rubber Doll
  doubled up as if in agony. But they all knew that it wasn't agony that she
  was suffering.  
Sheila looked back at the two women.  
"You've got some nerve the pair of you! Come in here like the Kray Twins
  in drag and just expect to take Bandy away with you!"  
Lady Heather looked at her blankly for a moment.  
"Bandy? Oh yeah I remember, Cindy and Barbie! Hey Linda,I had Barbie you
  had Cindy. Right?"  
Sheila stared and then the penny finally dropped  
"So it was you two all along. She looked at The Box and at the struggling
  Rubber Doll on the floor, then she looked sharply at Linda and shook her head, "No!
  You've got the brains of a mongoose and if she looks that much like you," She
  indicated Lady Heather, "then if brains were dynamite, the pair of you probably
  wouldn't have enough between you to blow those silly fucking hats off!"  
Two more faces appeared at the door. Vicki and Sarah had both changed and
  were now wearing what appeared to be the standard long leather coats, leather
  trousers, high heeled boots and black polo necks.  
Sheila turned to him in amazement.  
"What is this? Open fucking house?"  
Sarah stepped into the room and looked less than fondly at Linda.  
"You're probably right about her, but she didn't do it all on her own!"  
The Rubber Mannequin had managed to roll over onto her back, her arms twisting
  uselessly in their shackles and her legs twitching.  
Lady Heather held out her hand once more.  
"Give me that remote control!"  
Realising that she suddenly had a bargaining chip Sheila held it against
  herself. But not before she had managed to press another button. The helpless
  doll began to wriggle as if in agony.  
Heather looked at her questioningly.  
"What have you done? Bitch!"  
Sheila had recovered her composure. Insults she understood.  
"Switched the whatchamacallit, the TENS thing to maximum. And if I were you
  I'd watch my language in future, you American Tart! Because I'm controlling
  your little rubber doll right now!"  
But she had reckoned without Vicki.  
"Oh no you're bloody not!" She shouted and threw herself headlong at Sheila
  knocking the remote control out of her and hand sending both of them crashing
  to the floor. Before she could recover Sarah had picked up the control unit
  and was already taking it off line whilst Lady Heather and Linda strode quickly
  forward and dragged the struggling Sheila upright.  
Standing behind her, holding a leather gloved hand over her mouth and nose
  Linda looked down at her expectantly, obviously expecting her struggles to
  decrease whilst Heather, without preamble, undid her jeans and then slid them
  down to her bare ankles.  
She looked at Linda holding tightly on to the still struggling woman and
  said,  
"Do you want to? Or shall I?"  
Linda grinned;  
"You can do the honours! You won't be disappointed!" She turned her gaze
  on the struggling Sheila. "Now listen to me shitface! If you don't stop strugglin'
  I'll cut off your air supply altogether and you know I can, so just keep still!" Sheila
  looked up at the tall woman who she had known for enough years to know when
  she was serious and her whole body seemed to go limp.  
Linda smiled at Lady Heather.  
"There's a lotta things she don't like. Vibrators up the arse are one but
  you heard her, she seems to be changing her mind about that. And breath play
  is another!" She looked down at Sheila again, "So just keep shtum and I won't
  suffocate you until you pass out! Okay?&quot;  
Only Sheila's eyes were visible and she managed to put enough expression
  into them to communicate, quite clearly, how she felt, but she stopped struggling
  even though Heather was now pulling her panties unceremoniously down to her
  knees.  
Meanwhile a concerned Vicki had dragged herself off the floor and was now
  helping Sarah to calm down the Rubber Mannequin.  
"How is she?" She asked Sarah anxiously.  
Sarah smiled.  
"She's fine! She's had a bit of a work out, but her pulse rate and blood
  pressure are dropping nicely and her breathing's starting to get back to normal." She
  took a PDA from her pocket and studied it. "According to this, her levels have
  been high enough to suggest that she's had one long continuous climax that
  lasted nearly three minutes, followed by probably six minor ones! You'd expect
  her to be a bit puffed after that, not to mention shagged out!"  
Vicki looked up ruefully  
"No thanks to her, though!" And pointed an accusing finger at Sheila.  
"Don't worry!" Said Lady Heather who was on her knees easing two fingers
  inside Sheila's shaven nest, "She'll get hers&hellip; Godammit! The bitch is
  wetter than Niagara Falls! Where's that belt?"  
Sarah and Vicki were helping Allison The Rubber Doll to stand up when two
  more figures appeared at the door. The Bishop walked in first carrying something
  metallic in his hand, whilst Niles followed pushing the trolley.  
The Bishop held out his hand  
 "Were you by any chance looking for this?" He grinned. "I've added the "attachment" by
  the way." he held out a thin stainless still chastity belt which had a relatively
  enormous plastic dildo attached to it, "Should keep her wanting for some time!"  
Then he turned.  
Good morning young man!" He said to the person in the corner who probably
  wasn't much younger than he, "So we meet at last!"  
There was a muffled yelp from Sheila as Lady Heather slipped a third finger
  inside her wet cavity.  
Bill smiled and held out his hand,  
"It's a pleasure Phil! I gather you got my emails!" The Bishop pumped his
  hand slowly up and down.  
"Every single one and I've got to say, even though I didn't think it was
  possible, that you have a mind that is probably even more devious than mine!"  
"You can say that again!" Said Lady Heather who had withdrawn her fingers,
  much to Sheila's apparent chagrin and was now easing the large dildo, which
  already seemed to be stretching Sheila somewhat, into her moist hole. "Jesus
  Christ! If I lived with the two of you I'd probably be dead within a month!" She
  turned her head and winked at them both, "Could be a fun way to go though!"  
The two men looked at each other and then at the obviously irate Sheila  
"Do you want to tell her or shall I?" The Bishop seemed to positively relish
  the thought but Bill did not hesitate.  
"No! It was my idea and I've got to take the responsibility!"  
He walked toward the red faced Sheila but stopped at the door to the hallway,  
"How was it Trevor?" He asked. Trevor the cameraman came fully into view
  and gave him the thumbs up.  
"Got some great shots, managed to use the zoom for most of them!"  
He looked back and The Bishop smiled, then he continued toward Sheila, passing
  Allison The Rubber Doll on the way. He stopped for a second and studied her
  rubber clown face closely, then he touched her on the cheek and whispered "Well
  done Ally you've done us proud!" then he walked toward Sheila again, who had
  begun to struggle once more and was being restrained by both Linda and Lady
  Heather.  
He stopped in front of her and they looked at each other for a few moments.
  Her eyes bulging, her face red and then she looked away from him in disgust.
  He touched her cheek briefly and tried to turn her face back to his but the
  she stared fixedly out of the window.  
"Sheila I can't explain fully, I can only give you impressions. Impressions
  and feelings that I've had from you recently. You're somehow unsatisfied, somehow
  unfulfilled and I KNOW that you're always telling me you're not submissive
  but you seem to be leaning more and more in that direction." He looked at her
  and when he spoke next there seemed to be a catch in his voice.  
"I love you Sheila but things don't seem to be going right for us just now
  so I've organised a sort of rest cure for you!" He reached down and touched
  her erect left nipple.  
"You've got your safe words and sounds and you can use them later if you
  want, otherwise, The Bishop here and Lady Heather are going to take you back
  to the studio they're using and make you part of several of their photo shoots
  for the next couple of days and don't try to tell me, even if you could, that
  you're not interested because I know you used my credit card to subscribe to
  their website and I've been monitoring how often you go there! Her feet were
  as yet unrestrained and she tried to aim a kick at him, which he dodged. He
  smiled benignly, "So now you can see for yourself, first hand as it were".  
Sheila stared at him in disbelief and already Linda was stuffing a wad of
  cloth into her mouth and Niles was walking towards her with several rolls of
  grey duct tape in his hand. He touched his brown cap.  
"Hi Ma'am, USP, United Sex Packaging, at your service!" And he bent down,
  pulled her jeans away and began wrapping her bare ankles together with the
  tape.  
*  
He watched the little entourage walk out of the lobby from his twelfth floor
  eerie.  
He watched Lady Heather and The Bishop slide The Box, with the once more
  encapsulated Allison inside it, onto the tail lift of the brown rented truck
  that looked almost but not quite like a UPS vehicle.  
He watched Niles pushing the trolley on which the duct taped and unrecognisable
  body of Sheila was housed and he watched that too going onto the tail lift
  and being hoisted into the vehicle  
He watched them all disappear inside the truck and then he watched Vicki
  and Sarah enter the courtyard and climb into their metallic gold car and he
  watched it and the truck start. Silently he watched both vehicles bump down
  the little cobbled street by the side of the canal, a tribute to Hackney's
  failure to move fully into the twentieth century let alone the twenty first
  and he stayed at the window until they both finally disappeared from sight.  
He looked around him. Five minutes ago the flat had been full of people,
  now there was just him, the cats and Sam the Golden Retriever who was a sort
  of permanent houseguest these days and for a moment he felt terribly and unutterably
  alone.  
 And then he realised that there was a story in this, that there was something
  worth telling, so while the incident was still fresh in his mind, he walked
  into the bedroom where the computer lived and looked around him for a brief
  few seconds at the unmade bed and the pair of black lacy knickers that were
  laying exactly were they had been stepped out the night before and then he
  sat down&hellip;  
Or rather I sat down.  
 Because, let's face it, it's been me talking all along, I just didn't have
  the guts to admit it! To admit sharing a house and a life with a bunch of mad
  women and Sheila so I always refer to me as him, but given what is going to
  follow, the half of which you cannot even begin to imagine, it seems much more
  sensible and much more honest to talk to you directly, rather than try to pretend
  I'm someone else.  
 So I sat down to chronicle Sheila's latest exploits, in much the same way
  that Doctor Watson would have done for Sherlock Holmes more than a hundred
  years ago&hellip; if he had been real and if he had had a computer that is.  
And I was wondering if it was even vaguely rational to think of myself and
  Sheila in the same train of thought as Holmes and Watson when a voice said,  
"Didn't take ya long did it?"  
I didn't turn round because it was a voice I'd recognise anywhere, so I stayed
  where I was, staring at the computer screen because it seemed a fairly cool
  thing to do  
"Hello Linda, I thought you'd gone."  
"No. Liz is round the corner in the car&hellip;"  
I turned and looked at her still dressed in her leather, collar turned up
  like she'd come in from the rain, cheeks red, eyes shining and I still felt
  that little pang I always feel when I look at her  
"Do you want to tell me what's going on or will I be the last to know? As
  usual."  
She shrugged.  
"Don't know meself right now!"  
I wanted to get up then. To get up and just touch the angry looking area
  above her eye and somehow make it better. She looked, to be honest, a bit of
  a sight. Something had gone on, something more than she would admit to but
  she would either tell me when she was ready or she would never say another
  word about it.  
"No," I said and blew out my cheeks, "Neither do I, but if you want to talk&hellip;"  
"I'll ring ya!" She said with a grin, but rather than this being a prelude
  to leaving, she walked further into the bedroom, hands in leather pockets,
  coat flapping. "I know all the shit that was flying about, but there's only
  one reason why two people WANT to be apart from each other and that's&hellip;"  
"Taken up psychology have we?" I asked. Sarcasm isn't one of my more appealing
  traits, I must admit.  
"Gonna deny it?"  
"No." I looked down more than a little sadly, "There HAVE been problems recently.
  More rows than there should be, but not the normal sort of rows. Not the, " in
  spite of everything I really quite enjoy having an argument with you!" sort
  of rows", but the "Deep down inside you are really starting to seriously piss
  me off!" sort of rows!"  
Honesty might be slightly more appealing, I suppose, it depends on whom you
  ask.  
"Well, &quot; She said, &quot; If you want to talk&hellip;."  
"I'll phone YOU," I said quietly and instead of turning on her heel she walked
  toward me, bent down, gave me another look and kissed me on the forehead. From
  that moment she had my full and undivided attention  
 There was something in her eyes right then.  
Something that if I'm honest, I'd noticed before, but you don't go round
  asking a six foot Amazon of a woman who also happens to be your partner's best
  friend, whether either of them like it or not, if it's actually true that she's
  in love with you because, well, just because.  
I don't know who made the first move, whether it was her or me but we just
  got closer and closer until finally our lips brushed and once you do that with
  someone, it's too tactile an experience not to want to do it again and again
  and then to let it develop, until brushing becomes touching and touching turns
  into&hellip;  
It was a fairly brief kiss but a very sweet one. She broke first and as I
  focussed on her she was already straightening up and starting to turn away
  from me. Her face was fairly expressionless but there was a fair amount of
  emotion in her voice when she looked at me and said,  
"I meant what I said, if you want to talk, ring me tonight!"  
And I sat there for a moment lost in my own slightly stunned but racing thoughts
  and then I heard the door close quietly.  
THE END   
*   
THE BOX PART2:   
PERSEPHONE'S REVENGE!   
"Hit her!"  
"Give her time! Let the drugs kick in and she'll do anything you want."  
"I haven't GOT fucking time. Now hit her! She's your friend and I just made
  her your personal responsibility. If you don't hit her, I'll come over there
  and do it myself and If I do, I'll hit her so hard she won't know what fucking
  day it is!"  
BEGINS SOON.   
*   
&copy; Wallace 2004. The writer wishes to be acknowledged as the author of
  this piece. This story is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
  events or places, real or imaginary, or to any people living or dead.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wallace


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





