BDSM Library - Sarah's Weekend




Sarah's Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman who has just turned 50 goes to a place she knows where she will be challenged and where she will suffer greatly at the hands of a most excellent torturer who possesses lots of skill and imagination.SARAH'S WEEKEND   
By Ross Martin  
PART ONE OF THREE  
There was a rosy-red haze over Sarah like a pretty flower with lots of thorns.
  And she was dripping nicely &ndash; oh, so nicely &ndash; thank you very much.
  Everywhere else a raw nerve exposed raw nerve. It was the way a certain troublesome
  knob of hers wanted it and the way that great bastard/sweetheart of hers, bless
  him/curse him, Tom, wanted it, and demanded it, and got it. She was helpless
  and totally overwhelmed by sensation. Life could not have been more rich and
  varied.  
Her breath came in short, careful gasps. She mustn't/she shouldn't aggravate
  the bobby pins which had been forced mercilessly through her sensitive nipples
  (God that hurt!). Mind you, they were connected, via a thin but strong line,
  to her knob which also had a bobby pin heaved through it without pity (God
  that hurt worse!). She actually begged him to stop but he just smiled and kept
  on going. She took it as a personal favor that he hadn't stopped. Some people
  in his position would have but he knew her well enough to simply enjoy her
  whimpering and literally force the issue.  
Any movement whatsoever Sarah made tugged horribly/wonderfully on at least
  one of the bobby pins and what they were attached to. The ideal thing then
  would be not to move at all. This was made virtually impossible. Tom had worked
  a thin tube into her piss hole (which, incidentally, made her want to piss
  badly at the time) and from there to a pump. The pump was on a timer and sent
  what fluids it collected at given intervals up to a bag overhead and another
  tube in the bag directed the fluids down into her corked ass. A leather belt
  pulled tight around her made any expanse of her bladder uncomfortable. In time,
  she realized, she might be able to control herself enough to ease the fluids
  into her rather than have them thunder in but she knew that wasn't very likely.
  Tom had already thought of that and had made provisions. He had a devious mind.  
Tom, bless him/curse him had given her two pints of Guinness to make matters
  better/worse before putting the bobby pins in and securing the nylon cords
  around her wrists and arms. The Guinness tasted black and creamy and, as always,
  went through her very quickly. He had only just managed to put in the butt
  plug that carried the tube inside her and cinch the belt when the gurgling
  in her insides began. It took a supreme effect not to convulse with the rushing
  cold and the terrible pressure. She felt like a dam about to burst. She felt
  herself hard against the belt. It was almost too much but not quite, never
  too much. She was Tom's girl.  
The gag forced into her mouth before he sat down in his easy chair had a
  dual purpose. Firstly, it was there to do what a gag was supposed to do &ndash; keep
  her quiet. Secondly, there was a tube going from it to the piss hole of another
  woman who was also tied for the night though in a more comfortable position.
  Whenever that other woman needed to go she went in Sarah's mouth. And Sarah
  had to swallow the horrid stuff because there was no way of spitting it out.
  And she would need permission to leak it out of the side of the gag. Permission
  she was not likely to receive.  
A slow moan gripped her. More from the bag was entering. Thanks to the other
  woman pissing two hours ago, there was indeed more circulating than when this
  had begun. Was the belt cutting into her flesh? A cramp seized her.  
The moan drifted to Tom who got up out of his seat and knelt down beside
  her. "Comfortable?" he asked. She shook her head. "Perhaps these pins in your
  nipples need adjusting," he added, taking them between his fingers and twisting.
  Her nostrils flared and a tear rolled down her cheek. He let go, caught the
  drop of salt with his tongue and examined her snatch. Despite the bobby pin
  there, or most likely because of it, she was producing. He took a sample, tasted
  it, and said: "Good." He then took another sample and rubbed it in and around
  her nose so she'd have a good whiff of it too. "Very good," he concluded, going
  back to his seat. "You're most entertaining, better than the idiot box."  
There was a timid little voice which squeaked a pale pathetic 'sorry' and
  Sarah's throat was once more singed with warm liquid. And, as before, she had
  to swallow. And the liquid went down and expanded her horribly/nicely yet again.
  Another cramp &ndash; worse/better than the last!  
For the next six hours, she was to remain in this situation. What's more,
  it could only get harder/lovelier. She had herself to blame/to congratulate.
  And Tom as well, curse him/ bless him.  
As she adjusted herself ever so lightly with the pleasure/pain, she thought
  back to how it had all begun and why it had to continue.  
* * *  
Sarah had just turned fifty and she wanted to do something to make herself
  feel young and alive. The something she had in mind required a trip after work
  to a certain house where she planned to spend the weekend. She'd been there
  before but it always made her nervous. She hoped it always would. From the
  street it looked like an ordinary two story affair made of double brick. The
  windows had nice frilly white curtains and she knew the entrance way gave no
  indication of what went on inside. It was at the end of a row of abandoned
  warehouses so the nearest neighbors were a good two blocks away. Even so there
  was need for caution on both his part and hers. This need made her smile.  
Upon leaving her car, which was an old blue Laser hatch-top, she sprayed
  herself with a comforting vanilla fragrance that always reminded her of summer
  and of her first visit. She was glad her husband, Allen, at least understood
  if not approved of what she was doing. He was a nice, good-natured guy who
  was great with their kids. Right now, however, she needed someone completely
  different. She needed Tom.  
Sarah wiped the sweat from her brow with a dainty hanky before ringing the
  door bell. Moments later Tom answered the door and invited her in. She smiled
  sheepishly at him and muttered: "It was so good of you to see me on such short
  notice."  
"Yes, it was," he agreed.  
Despite the crow's feet around the eyes, she knew she had a pleasant enough
  face. It was a bit too round, but the lips and the eyes were generous, even
  if the nose was slightly pudgy. She knew he had a fondness for her. She could
  sometimes see it in his eyes. It was, however, a very different fondness to
  that of her husband. It was a more multi-layered and dangerous thing not easily
  understood. Only on the surface, where she felt it really counted and where
  she needed that assurance, was he the gentleman.  
She was carrying a duffle bag and, inside it, away from prying eyes, were
  signs of her true nature. He paid little attention to it as he motioned her
  from his rather dingy corridor into his brightly lit and well furnished living
  room. "Sit down please," he said, offering her a well padded lounge chair. "Thank
  you," she murmured, plonking herself down into it and placing her belongings
  near the left arm.  
Sarah was attired in a simple white top and a navy blue skirt. Her shoes
  were black and flat. Nothing she wore stirred in anyway the imagination but,
  then again, it wasn't supposed to. The only giveaway might be the naughty pink
  lipstick she only wore on these visits but that in itself was innocent enough
  to those not in the know.  
"I see you brought your bag of goodies," commented Tom as he took the opposite
  lounge chair.  
"No point coming here otherwise," she said, shrugging her shoulders.  
"No. I suppose not. Coffee and biscuits, love?"  
"No thank you. Can we get started?"  
"Don't you want to rest and refresh yourself after your drive? Its only four
  o'clock on the Friday. We do have until five o'clock Sunday don't we?  
"That's true. But I think we should get started as soon as possible. You
  want that, too, don't you?"  
"Yes, of course. It's just that I am expecting another visitor and I already
  have a project or two in hand."  
"If it's at all inconvenient&hellip;"  
"No, No! Stay! I'm sure we can accommodate you. I'll put you in the usual
  room. Just make your way there and I will attend you shortly."  
"Thank you."  
He watched her get up, grab her duffle bag and exit the most comfortable
  room in the house. What's more, she knew he was watching. Her backside swayed
  a little for his benefit. She was off to change in a vacant room with no furnishings
  whatsoever save for a dozen full body mirrors. As per usual, he'd give her
  ten minutes. She hoped he wouldn't be disappointed.  
By the time he arrived at the room it was all done. Her street clothes were
  in the bag near the open door and she was standing in the cavernous center
  awaiting comment. She'd dyed her hair black for this occasion and cut it short
  so that it only came down to the start of her neck line rather than her shoulders.
  She was in saucy black high heels and she had on a see-through black body stocking
  that came up to her waist and a little beyond. Through the stocking she knew
  he could make out a wild tangle of pubic hair. The mirrors told her so. It,
  too, had been dyed black. A harness with silver rings on it was tight around
  her middle and slinky black elbow length gloves also added a certain something
  for his viewing pleasure. Her breasts, which were very floppy and normally
  held back by an economy-sized bra, were flopped out invitingly. She thought
  they looked good that way.  
"How do I look, Master?" she asked.  
"Beautiful. Simply ravishing."  
"Will you ravish me, Master?"  
"Don't ask."  
"Yes, Master."  
He showed her a black ball gag and added: "Still up for this are you, love?
  You can change your mind. I know the doctor we sent you to yesterday said to
  me that you're as sound as a bell, but it really is up to you."  
"I'm here Master. I won't change my mind."  
"All week end up till five o'clock Sunday?"  
"Yes Master."  
"And if you can't?"  
"Make me Master."  
"Make you?"  
"Yes Master."  
"Very well."  
"Can you tell me what to expect Master?"  
"No. But if you have your doubts please leave."  
"Master&hellip;I want to stay&hellip;I really do&hellip;Just&hellip;Just
  get on with it."  
"Get on with it?"  
"Yes Master. Don't let me blather on so. Just&hellip;Just get started&hellip;please."  
The gag, made of hard rubber, was a thick two centimeters and it took some
  effort to get it in her mouth but Tom managed. It stretched her jaw the way
  she knew it would, cutting off any objections she might inadvertently raise
  for the time being.  
"You know I am going to be hard on you," he commented softly. "You made that
  clear over the phone. And I so want to be hard on you, very hard."  
He made sure the gag was buckled securely at back and said: "You're in for
  quite a day, you poor stupid bitch, quite a day."  
He kissed her on the lips &ndash; first one and then the other. She blinked
  at this show of unexpected tenderness then remembered he was first and foremost
  a gentleman but that it was barely skin deep. It was a useful fa&ccedil;ade
  and nothing more.  
"Kneel on the flood," he commanded mildly and she complied.  
He positioned a leather cuff tightly on her left wrist and a cuff on her
  left ankle. He then joined them together via a short chain. This effectively
  narrowed down her movement. He did the same for her right wrist and right ankle
  further narrowing down what she could do. When he finished, he stepped back
  and appraised his work.  
"You'll do," he said and grabbed her bag. "I'll dump this in the lounge room
  for safe keeping." He left with her street things and came back momentarily
  with a broom and dust pan.  
"On your feet," he said, kicking her in the side and almost toppling her
  over. "On your feet," he said again, kicking her once more. She responded but
  it wasn't easy. The chains allowed her to get off one knee at a time in order
  to stand and this made her unsteady. Half way up, he poked her sharply in the
  belly making her grunt loudly. Then, obviously liking the sound, he poked her
  again. "For an old boiler you've got a great tune," he said cheerfully. "I
  hope to hear more of it."  
Once she was on her feet, he jabbed her in the left breast with the end of
  the broom, making her turn toward the door way. A few jabs at her great backside
  and she was out the door and down the corridor, taking her further away from
  the exit to this terrible place. He was guiding her with jabs and they were
  taking her to a room she'd never been in before. It was much larger than the
  empty space she'd changed in and contained a lot of equipment. There were whips
  and canes on shelves and hooks. Three wooden horses of various make and function
  were in the right and left hand corners. The center piece &ndash; and it was
  quite a center piece &ndash; was a blond woman in her early twenties with long
  straight hair, baby blue eyes and a bulging stomach. She was naked and had
  a look of uncertainty about her upon seeing Tom with Sarah. Her arms and legs
  were tied to the arms and legs of the great wooden chair she was seated upon.  
"Yes, Sarah," said Tom with a smile. "Slave Jackie her is seven months pregnant.
  Do you like her dark nipples, her shaved cunt and voluptuous lips?"  
"Yes Master," mumbled Sarah, barely audible over the gag. She shook her head
  in agreement just in case he hadn't heard her.  
"She came to me with the offer of a full day. I simply couldn't refuse. How
  are you doing, Jackie?"  
"I am well Master," replied the blond woman wistfully. "Are you going to
  leave me like this?"  
"No."  
"Good Master. I don't want to get bored. I could be tied up like this at
  home."  
"First I have a task for my other slave. Here, Sarah, broom and pan&hellip;The
  bin is over in the corner there to your right. Get to work. I want this place
  swept clean, understand?"  
He handed Sarah the broom and dust pan adding with an edge to his voice: "You
  do know how to use them, don't you?"  
In civilian life, away from this house, Sarah was not only a highly qualified
  teacher but head of her department. Hence she rarely pushed a broom. To say
  the least it was humbling but it was something she now had to do. So she began
  to sweep. It was difficult because the chains kept getting in the way and she
  could only get a good breath through her nose. Inside her mouth, spit was building
  up but she was not allowed to drool with Tom's okay. That had been established
  last time and she didn't want to disappoint. And so she watched and worked
  as he got three boxes down off a shelf and presented them to the mother-to-be. "You
  want me to choose Master?" she asked smoothly. "Yes," he said and smiled.  
Jackie studied the boxes for a moment and picked the one in the middle. He
  put the others back where he got them and then opened the selected one. He
  showed Jackie the contents and Sarah watched as the pregnant girl's eyes grew
  large.  
"Not that Master," said Jackie, shaking her head sadly. "That's too cruel."  
"Too cruel?"  
"Yes Master. Ordinarily yes but now&hellip;I don't think I can."  
"You want to leave?"  
She looked again at the contents and gulped. "Do it Master&hellip;Do it!"  
She caught her breath as two vicious looking alligator clips snapped brutally
  down on her heavy nipples. Both Sarah and Jackie were sure they were the nastiest
  damned alligator clips Tom could have found. What's more, they were attached
  to one another by a small length of chain.  
"Pretty, aren't they?" asked Tom.  
"Yes, Master," piped Jackie.  
"They're a bit plain though. They need decorating"  
Tom took four sinkers out of the box and put them on the chain. They pulled
  her already smarting nipples down, adding to her distress.  
"Ow!" cried Jackie as he stepped back from her to properly study her reactions.
  Her eyes were definitely getting wider and more wonderful with every passing
  moment. Her lower lip was beginning to quiver.  
"Still want to leave?" Tom asked as an after thought.  
"No! Master! Ow! They're fine! I'm fine! Really! Not bored! Not bored at
  all!"  
He stepped forward, dug around and touched her vagina. To no one's surprise
  his hand came away damp. "Naughty girl," he told Jackie, tweaking her nose.  
Sarah gave a little sigh and continued her work. The blond bitch was getting
  what she wanted and what she no doubt deserved. She wondered when it would
  be her turn.  
"Ow!" cried the pregnant woman again but Sarah paid her no heed. Every few
  minutes she'd now cry "Ow!" but it didn't matter. The clips were no doubt bad
  on such extra tender flesh, and chosen for that reason, but it was really none
  of her business. Besides, she thought Jackie's "Ow!" sounded kind of pretty.  
Tom caught Sarah studying Jackie and said: "Eyes front, slag, and do what
  you're told."  
He gave her a slap on one of her ass cheeks for emphasis and it almost tipped
  her over. Also, a stream of liquid almost escaped her mouth. She'd have to
  be more careful. She mustn't disappoint. Red-faced, she got into the cleaning
  with a vengeance.  
Tom sat back in his easy chair and watched the two women. Every time Jackie
  cried "Ow!" she looked at him as if to say "Isn't this enough, Master?" and
  he would just grin back as if to say 'not really, you can take more.'  
An hour later Tom called a halt to Sarah's broom activity and took the clips
  off Jackie's whitening nipples.  
"Now I'm doing this as much for your health as I am for my enjoyment," said
  Tom as he vigorously rubbed Jackie's throbbing tit flesh with his hands. "We
  need to get the circulation back."  
Jackie squealed and squealed as Tom rubbed and rubbed. She tried to move
  away from his brutality but she simply couldn't. Tom and the restraints wouldn't
  let her. She was sobbing by the time he stopped. She was also sweating profusely.
  He gently wiped her all over with a towel he had on a bench and then got her
  to blow her nose on it before he put it back  
"There, there that wasn't so bad, was it?" he cooed.  
"It was bad," she gasped. "Are you going to do that again, Master?"  
"Would you like that?"  
"No, Master. But you can&hellip;if you want."  
"I know I can. I'll just leave you to think about it. Put the broom and dust
  pan near the bin, Sarah, and follow me."  
Sarah did as she was told and he escorted her back to the room she had transformed
  herself in. He got her to kneel and connected her leather bracelets to her
  waist ring so she could no longer move her arms up and down. Then said: "Wait
  here. You will have a visitor shortly. In the meantime, I'll send in my nieces
  to keep you busy."  
"Nieces Master?" she mumbled through the gag. He knew he understood her but
  doubted anyone else could.  
"Yes. They know the score and are eager to meet you."  
She was taken aback by this but all she could think of to say in reply was "Yes
  Master" which she did to the back of his head as he left. A few minutes later
  a girl about fourteen scampered in followed by three more girls around the
  same age. They were dressed in pink T-shirts and white skirts. They all had
  long straight red hair, lots of freckles and tiny butterfly mouths. The tallest
  of the four circled Sarah as if studying some wild animal. "She's got big boobs
  this one," she told the others. "I bet they really move when you giggle them." To
  demonstrate she sat in front of Sarah and did just that. Sarah's face immediately
  went red with the humiliation.  
"Can I try Mary?" asked the smaller of the girls. Mary, who was obviously
  the tallest, nodded and made room for her companion to sit. "You make the left
  one jiggle, Judy, and I'll do the right." Judy agreed and so Sarah found her
  mamaries being at first slapped lightly to make them move and then harder to
  make them go faster. "This is fun," said Judy. "But I can't make them go as
  fast as you." Mary looked at Judy and said: "When you get older you will."  
The other two looked on for a while then ran out of the room. When they returned
  they had a leather strap with them. "What's that for Terri?" asked Mary of
  the girl with the strap. "Uncle Tom gave it to us," she said. "You can use
  it too but Sam and I go first."  
Mary thought about this a moment and said: "Fair enough. Let's push her forward
  so her bum sticks up and we can give her a good walloping." Meanwhile, Judy
  out of curiosity had stopped hitting Sarah's left boob and put her hand down
  the front of the woman's black body stocking. "Oooh! It's all spidery-webs
  down there," she mused. "And a little sticky." She pulled her hand away and
  sniffed it further commenting, "I think she had fish for lunch." In reply Mary
  shook her head and Sam said: "They just smell that way when they get old." This
  got Judy to thinking: "Just how old is she anyway?" Mary puzzled over this
  a moment then said: "Why don't we ask her?"  
With some effort Mary prized the gag out of Sarah's mouth. Sarah on her part
  made sure to breathe in as it came loose so the spittle that had accumulated
  would go backward into her throat rather than forward onto the girls. It was
  tricky but she succeeded in doing so.  
"How old are you then?" asked Terri.  
Sarah worked some kinks out of her jaw then said her true age. Mary whistled
  in surprise. "That old?" she said. "And how long have you been doing this?"  
"Twenty-five years Mistress," said Sarah.  
"And you don't mind us giving you a walloping?" asked Judy in all sincerity.  
"She can't mind. She's a slave," reported Mary. "Isn't that right?"  
"That's correct Mistress," Sarah said reassuringly.  
"But I still want you to answer my question!" Huffed Judy. "Do you mind or
  don't you?"  
"I do little Mistress," shrugged Sarah. "I wish you would just go away. But
  it's not up to me. Do as you will."  
"Let's push her," said Mary and so they pushed until Sarah's face was on
  the floor and her stocking covered tail bone was riding high.  
"Don't worry," assured Terri eagerly, "we'll whack you good and proper."  
"Yes," agreed Mary. "Uncle said to give it to you good and proper. I've been
  practicing so I know how."  
"So do I," said Terri and demonstrated the fact by forcefully slicing across
  Sarah's twin moons with the strap. The leather made Sarah gasp lightly &ndash; too
  lightly to be picked up by the girls. Terri struck harder. Still she got nothing
  so she hit even harder and kept on hitting like that for ten more goes. Then
  Sam took over managing as she did so to top Terri for zeal. Mary naturally
  inflicted the most pain but, admittedly, Judy did her best but didn't quite
  have the strength to do much.  
"So how do you feel now?" asked Judy, putting the strap aside.  
"Fine little Mistress," shrugged Sarah complacently. She'd been through worse
  at Tom's hands and was happy to let them know. Still, she could feel some heat
  rising from her buttocks and she knew there were lines forming.  
"Want us to hit you some more?" asked Mary.  
"It's up to you Mistress," said Sarah matter-of-factly.  
And so they took turns hitting her some more. They hit her enough, in fact,
  to begin sweating with the effort.  
"It's a big bum," said Mary finally. "I'm not sure if we're getting through."  
"Did you feel any of that?" asked Terri.  
"Yes Mistress," said Sarah.  
"Was it excruciating?" asked Mary hopefully.  
"No Mistress," said Sarah candidly.  
"Well we did our best," said Judy shrugging her shoulders.  
"I'm hot!" said Judy and took off her T-shirt. Sarah marveled that the freckles
  were indeed everywhere including around her barely formed breast mounds. The
  girl's skirt soon followed. Before long, Sarah was surrounded by naked young
  women. Mary, of course, has the better formed mounds and a vagina she found
  suddenly itchy.  
"Pull her up and push her over the other way," said the lead girl concerning
  Sarah and it was done. The end result of this being Sarah finding her face
  invaded by one tender young pussy. Mary sat on her and demanded servicing.
  She didn't get it. After two unsuccessful rides, Mary got angry and said: "If
  you don't lick me I'll twist your nipples off!" Sarah said nothing and so Mary
  began to twist. As she twisted with her prickly little fingers Sarah licked
  and, before long, Mary came on her. It was the most humiliating experience
  of her life and her little traitor down below knew this and made her come as
  well. She sighed as the girl got off her but her relief was short lived.  
"My turn!" cried Terri and did the same thing and so did the others. Judy
  was particularly wicked because her nails were sharper and actually cut into
  the tit flesh. "You like this don't you?" asked Judy, looking down to where
  she knew Sarah's face to be. For the moment Sarah was too busy to answer. "Oh,
  I forgot. You can't talk with your mouth full but you can feel." Judy grabbed
  Sarah's already aggrieved nipples and skewered the sides of them. Sarah gasped
  loudly this time so Judy got off her. The little girl attempted to make amends
  for what she'd done by kissing and licking them better. "No need little Mistress," cooed
  Sarah. "Unless you truly wish to do so." The others then took turns at kissing
  and licking the now rock hard nipples. Judy, not to be left out or to be out
  done, moved to kissing the captive's mouth and licking her behind the ears
  as well.  
Tom came in just as the kissing and licking was at its height. He was not
  surprised though he wasn't overly impressed. "So this is what you get up to
  is it?" he asked them.  
"It was my idea," piped up Judy defensively.  
"I could have guessed," mused Tom. "So, did the strap come into use at all?"  
"Yes," said Mary proudly. "We gave her a good walloping."  
Tom went over to Sarah and turned her over. He pulled down her body stocking
  a little and was pleased to see some stripes forming.  
"So who walloped her the hardest?" asked Tom.  
"I did!" cried Terri.  
"No, I did!" cried Mary.  
"Well one of you is lying," mused Tom, "and since I don't know which I guess
  I'll have to punish you both. He took two sets of handcuffs out of his belt
  and had Terri and Mary stand with their hands behind their backs. The cuffs,
  which were obviously made for small people, clicked home neatly. Then he had
  the girls in need of discipline lie on the floor with their legs spread. Small
  spreader bars were then added to their woes. "I can't move my legs," said Terri
  after the bar was in place. "You're not going to do something awful to me are
  you Uncle Tom?" asked Mary. He looked at her thoughtfully and replied in an
  amicable voice: "No, not so terrible. Sarah, you're to crawl to each of them
  and lick their tiny little cunts, understand?"  
Sarah looked doubtful for a moment but only a moment. "Yes Master," she replied
  and began to crawl. "Not her!" complained Terri anxiously. "She'll hurt me!" Tom
  merely smiled and shook his head. "She won't unless Uncle Tom tells her to," said
  Mary.  
Terri squealed with horror first touch of her young snatch. "Her tongue's
  like sandpaper," shrieked the girl but Tom just turned away and said: "As for
  you other scalawags, get dressed and be quick about it. I believe your favorite
  television program is just starting." They quickly complied and were out of
  the room as fast as they could propel themselves.  
"Why are you doing this to me?" complained Terri. The rhythm of the licks,
  sand paper or not, was starting to make her squirm more in delight than awfulness.  
"Because Master wants me to," said Sarah matter-of-factly and continued on
  her mission.  
"Can I ask you to stop?" groaned Terri.  
"You can ask," said Sarah and continued her rough massaging of a young clit
  until it blew like a very small gusher. Sarah then dutifully lapped up the
  results.  
"That wasn't fair," whimpered Terri and Sarah agreed then moved on to the
  next girl.  
Mary took to the treatment a lot better than Terri but they both represented
  a challenge. It was fortunate Sarah was born with a long tongue. She licked
  one then the other to orgasm and, when that was achieved, started all over
  again because no one had said to stop. This second go was too much for Terri
  and, when she cried out to be left alone, Tom came back in, took a little ball
  gag out of his belt, had Sarah roll it in her mouth a few times, then inserted
  it into Terri's gob. Needless to say the girl was shocked and mortified. She
  railed at the taste of someone else's spittle but she could do nothing except
  allow great galloping tears to run down her scarlet face. "Maybe now you'll
  behave yourself," spoke Tom with a smile as the front door bell rang summoning
  him away. Sarah went back to licking. She started with the tears on the girl's
  face. This required snaking up her small bony naked body and positioning herself
  so she could do so. Terri blubbered at this new invasion but had no choice
  but to accept it. Sarah kissed Terri on both lips, lapped at the girl's nose
  twice like a faithful old dog, and moved back to where she could get at the
  young snatch again. Meanwhile Mary waited impatiently for her turn.  
Half an hour later, which probably added up to tea and two biscuits, Tom
  returned with Jack, a scrawny eighteen year old all aquiver at this new adventure
  he was on. He looked at Sarah and what she was up to on Mary, which was licking
  the girl's face including her nostrils before once more descending to lower
  licking, and wondered what had been going on. Mary, for one, seemed to be enjoying
  herself.  
"Is it still on?" the young man asked Tom. The man in question nodded in
  the affirmative. Sarah, at the sound of a different voice, stopped and looked
  up to see who it was. Immediately her nostrils flared with anger, horror and
  indignation. She quickly went back to licking to stop herself doing or saying
  something she might regret. But there was a trust issue here she was going
  to have to take up with Tom. She felt betrayed and her little knob actually
  like that.  
"I think you know her," said Tom, pointing at Sarah.  
"I sure do," said Jack. "I had her for math. She was a real dragon. Taught
  me a thing or two, though. Didn't realize at the time she had such whoppers
  though."  
"They're her best features."  
"Are you sure this is alright? She is a consenting adult in all this isn't
  she?"  
"Sarah, stop that and tell the young man. You're here of your free will,
  aren't you?"  
Sarah did stop. It was just as Mary was about to come again and the girl
  sighed a deep guttural sigh. "Yes, Master," the older woman confirmed. "I am
  here of my own free will. What would you have me do?"  
"Tell him how long you have been doing this."  
"Twenty-five years."  
"Even while you were balling me out for trig?"  
"That's right new Master."  
Tom uncoupled Sarah's wrists from her sides and had her hands linked tightly
  behind her back. She was pulled away from Mary and onto her knees in the center
  of the room.  
"What about us?" cried Mary. Tom thought about it and said: "You two can
  stay. But let it be understood, Jack, that these two, Mary and Terri, are not
  to be touched at all."  
Jack nodded in agreement.  
"And I can do most things to this old witch then?" inquired Jack of Sarah.  
"Well Sarah," said Tom, "Do you want to be left to Jack?"  
"No Master."  
"But you do agree to let Jack have his way just for me, don't you?"  
"Of course Master."  
"I'll just leave you two to get better acquainted." With that Tom made his
  way back to his lounge room or, perhaps, to the room where the pregnant girl
  was still held.  
"Don't worry," said Jack coyly, "you're secret's safe with me. I just find
  it hard to believe your Jane's mom, the one who took us both to soccer practice.
  The one who almost failed me at math until I pulled my socks up."  
"Here, Master, I'm someone else."  
He knelt beside her a moment, got his hanky out and wiped the sweat off her
  glistening breasts. He noticed the little cuts made by the youngest of the
  girls but didn't say anything. He was still taken aback by where he was and
  what he could do. It was quite a moment. Sarah looked miserable but, as she
  said, she was willing if not overly enthusiastic.  
"So all I needed to do to pass math with high marks was to come here?"  
"No Master. Here is different."  
"So you say." He cupped the lower half of each of breasts as if he were about
  to weigh them. Her face reddened. Did Tom know before hand she had a history
  with this kid? He probably did, he had to know, and thought this a great way
  to make her weekend something special, damn him!  
"You really are a cow aren't you?" he observed. Her eyes softened and she
  replied, "Yes Master, your cow for now."  
He took her nipples which were cork-like and already sore between his fingers
  and lifted her mammaries with them. He dropped them after a time and he saw
  the relief on the face when he did so. This compelled him to do it some more.  
"You know," he said as he lifted to drop for a third time, "under the clothes
  you usually wear I had no idea they were this big. You don't mind do you?"  
"Nno..nnot aaat all!" she squealed as gravity took over. Belatedly she added "Mmmasterrr!"  
"You know, I'm quite enjoying myself."  
His hand went down inside her stocking to her cunt. There he fished around
  eventually becoming acquainted with her knob which was already quite tingly
  with excitement for him. The shrubbery made it difficult to find at first but
  he was persistent. Her eyes went broody when he did as if he had no right to
  be there. Two days ago he wouldn't have even tried. Now he had her where he
  wanted her. "What have we here?" he said, pinching at it. Her body shook and
  she snorted her displeasure. It was a big clit as clits go and his pinching
  it hurt &ndash; a lot. The snort from her jolted him and he stopped for a few
  seconds then started up again. "You like this shit don't you bitch?" he said. "No,
  don't bother answering that." He looked into her eyes and saw something in
  them that didn't quite register. Her nostrils were flaring and her chest was
  heaving.  
He pinched some more just to get another snort. She didn't disappoint him.
  He took his hand away and examined it. Yes, it had gotten damp from her. She
  looked at him accusingly.  
"You don't like me exploring down there do you?" he said.  
"No Master. I do not."  
"But you'd allow me to do it even if you weren't trusted up?"  
"Certainly Master."  
"But you do prefer to be trussed up for this sort of thing, don't you?"  
"When I am given to a new Master or Mistress, such as yourself, this does
  feel right and proper, yes."  
He stood up and unzipped his trousers. Out popped a sizable snake. He dangled
  it in front of her face. "Take it in your mouth," he said, "and be quick about
  it." It was larger than Tom's but that didn't mean anything to her. The fact
  that she had to take it did. In good grace it went into her face, past the
  lips and her tongue worked some more magic. "To think you're sucking me off," he
  said proudly. A tear unbidden rolled down her face. He came quickly and slapped
  her hard in the face for letting him do so. "Now you've done it! I wanted to
  come inside your cunt or asshole, not like this!" She shook away the sting
  on her cheek and said: "Sorry Master."  
Swiftly he pulled up his pants and went to find Tom. He came back a few minutes
  later with a great wooden paddle with one inch nails imbedded into it. He showed
  it to her and said: "I told him what happened and he reckons I can have more
  time. Also, he reckons this will help to get both your motor and mine running."  
"You're not going to use that on me are you Master Jack?" she said coolly.  
"Yes, I am."  
He unclasped the restraints that were holding her hands behind her back and
  had her put them on the floor. She did as she was told and he marveled at how
  her breasts drooping down really did look like udders. He gave one buttock
  then the other a few light taps with the paddle before giving her a good one.
  When he did she didn't flinch. She merely licked her lips and waited for the
  next. It came hard and furious followed by more mild stuff then a real corker.
  A dozen impacts and she was feeling warm once more and a little bruised. A
  dozen more and she was in real pain. Blood was beginning to run down her leg.
  Not much but enough to have worried someone else. Suddenly, he stopped, grabbed
  her by her chin and looked into her eyes. "It's time," he said, dropping his
  daks once more. He pulled the rather badly damaged stocking from her bum and,
  with a grunt from both of them, entered her. He rode her aware that each time
  he made contact with her ass it pained her. This drove him to ride her faster
  and heavier and, deep down, he knew she wanted it that way too. After coming
  inside her cunt the way he wanted to, he had her stand up and bow to him as
  he put the snake back where it belonged.  
"That was good. We'll do it again. I'll say when. We know each other now,
  don't we?"  
Sarah stared at him in surprise before answering. Was he saying that now
  he knew this about her he could have her any time he wanted to anyway he wanted
  to? The idea wasn't entirely displeasing to her but she'd have to protect her
  husband and children.  
"Yes Master," she finally said. "But I humbly beseech you to make it always
  a place outside our neighborhood and not on school nights. Otherwise&hellip;we
  simply can't."  
"Yes, of course."  
"There's a cabin I can hire at given times if that is your wish, Master."  
"Next week then?"  
"Yes, Master."  
Before leaving he patted her backside and pulled the stocking, or what was
  left of it, back into place.  
"How can you stand this sort of thing?" asked Mary inquisitively when Jack
  had left. "He really made a mess of your ass and the day isn't over yet and
  there's gonna be more before the weekend's over."  
"If you don't know," cooed Sarah, "I can't tell you.  
"Are you really going to allow yourself to be blackmailed by him?"  
"Yes, little Mistress."  
"Why?"  
"Because he'll be good for me when I can't visit your uncle."  
Tom came in minutes after Jack with the very paddle in hand the younger man
  had used to good effect. Tom also had a pair of scissors. He had her stand
  still as he expertly cut away the fabric around her backside and threw it on
  the floor. Next he examined the landscape of her ass and came to the conclusion
  that Jack had "put a few holes here and there but that was it."  
"What do you suggest then Master?" she asked and he had her bend over.  
He hit her savagely on each globe and then between them. He hit her relentlessly
  and without mercy for half an hour before stopping. When he did she felt very
  red and raw and bloody. She imagined great rivers of blood when in reality
  it was just a trickle here and there. Some of it got onto the floor.  
"What do you think of all this, Mary?" he asked the girl who had been staring
  at them goggle-eyed as he beat into his present slave. He might have asked
  Terri but she still had the gag in place.  
"Did she deserve it?" asked Mary in a quiet, mousy voice.  
"Can you answer her, Sarah?"  
"Yes Master. Yes Mary. I deserve this and&hellip;if I may be so bold&hellip;more."  
Tom untied the girls and took them away. He returned momentarily with a bottle
  of rubbing alcohol, a rag and a towel. He showed them to her.  
"If you've had enough we can end it here. You've done quite well."  
"No thank you, Master."  
"Oh, good. I don't have any more visitors for you until tomorrow but I don't
  want you feeling neglected. So, on your hands and knees, bum out. Good girl.
  This will sting&hellip;a lot!"  
He took her body stocking off completely and discarded it. True to his word
  the rag he soaked in the alcohol and rubbed liberally on her cuts did sting
  greatly. Almost at once a raging fire tore into her rump making her sob terrific
  sobs. She shook this way and that to lessen the flames but they wouldn't lessen.
  Tears streamed down her face and, in the midst of all this, he managed somehow
  to get her hands behind her back, cinch them into place and lead her out. Then
  she felt the gag go back into her mouth. Despite this intrusion, however, she
  managed to howl quite loudly. "I told you didn't I?" he said between her explosions
  of noise. "Too late to quit now. You'll have that blaze for some time and you're
  welcome to it."  
She groaned deeply at this news. It was almost a growl. Somehow she found
  herself in the room with the pregnant woman again and tied to one of the horses.
  This one had a dildo and a butt plug on its saddle. Both went into her as she
  was forced to sit. The lubrication coming off her cunt helped. Before she knew
  it she was cinched into place. And she continued to drip and wail.  
Suddenly he grabbed her face and kissed both lips fiercely. "Just think,
  two more days."  
Her eyes blurred with tears. It took a while for them to clear. When they
  did he was there with coffee and a tomato and lettuce sandwich. Despite her
  backside still bothering her, she ate and drank as he presented the options
  to her. She had no idea she was that hungry or thirsty.  
"How you doing?" he asked matter-of-factly, removing the gag from her. It
  popped neatly out and she managed somehow not to dump spit all over him.  
"Terrible Master," she replied. The fire was dropping ever so slowly but
  now she felt well and truly skewered in two of her holes. He rubbed her down
  with a towel and went over to Jackie to see how she was.  
"You've had a good rest," he told the pregnant woman. "But this isn't a rest
  camp is it?"  
"No Master," the girl cooed.  
He took her off the chair and had her stretch her legs. Sarah observed they
  were long and shapely. Then he had her pace around the room faster and faster.
  He encouraged her with a horse hair whip he got off a hook on the wall. She
  began to bounce in a way Sarah thought would be uncomfortable and stopped.
  She pleaded not to continue and he punished her there and then for her disobedience.
  He gave her twenty slices on her ass with the whip and they were cruel slices,
  too. Then he directed her back to the chair where she was tied to it again.
  He wiped her down with a towel and told her she'd done reasonably well. He
  also gave her a bottle of milk to drink which he put up to her lips so she
  could do so, her hands being bound to the chair. Sarah watched her drink thirstily.  
The fire almost but not quite out, Sarah was beginning to feel the true effects
  of being penetrated harshly in both the ass and vagina by rather sizable objects
  and not being able to move much in response. Tom exacerbated the matter by
  slowly at first stroking her nipples with the horse hair. This would have tickled
  more than anything if not for the working over they had earlier received. As
  it stood, this action made her whimper a little. The strokes got harder then
  stopped abruptly. He went away from her, no doubt to put the whip back and
  collect something. What she couldn't imagine. Suddenly there was intense pain
  in her left nipple as if he was tearing in apart with a fork. This forced a
  great cry out of her and a struggle to be free of the trap she was in. She
  knew her breasts must have danced delightfully for him as she came to terms
  with what had just happened. Calming down, she awaited the next installment
  and it did, in fact, come. This did not mean, however, that her reaction to
  her right nipple also being hurt in a savage, relentless fashion was less.
  In fact it was more. She squealed and shook so much he must have felt obliged
  to take her face in hand and tell her to behave, else she might do herself
  a real injury. "Stop!" she bawled. "Please, no!" He wiped her forehead with
  his handkerchief and said: "Too late bitch!" And so the second bobby pin went
  into her hard through the center of the nipple. He left her sobbing her heart
  out there for a while and, when he came back to her, he had a special question.  
"I'm serving up dinner," he said. "What would you like, Chinese or Italian?"  
"Whatever you want, Master," she sighed.  
She didn't feel especially hungry but suspected he'd make her eat anyway.
  She was gently unclipped and taken from the horse. The pregnant woman was then
  taken off her chair and both were lead, via collars and leads he'd managed
  to put around their necks, to another room.  
Among other things, this new room contained two women, each tied naked to
  her own bench.  
"Meet Nancy and Toni," said Tom pushing Sarah and Jackie beyond the doorway. "You
  get Nancy my dear Jackie since I know you like Chinese. Sarah, you get Toni."  
Sarah moved to where he had pointed for her to go. There a frizzy black-haired
  woman in her late thirties with big dark breasts from which dangled bits of
  garlic bread held on by string attached to her nipple's looked at her warily.
  Her legs were spread apart by a bar and, in the black forest of her cunt; there
  was quite a supply of warm spaghetti. There was also a bowl of water near her
  head.  
Nancy, a naked Asian woman in her early twenties with legs spread apart,
  offered Jackie warm Chicken Chow Mien in her cunt plus water on the side. Two
  fortune cookies dangled on string from clothes pins attacked to her nipples.  
"When I return I expect you to be finished," said Tom, turning to leave.  
Despite having her hands free, Sarah made quite a mess of herself eating
  the spaghetti. Toni squirmed a little as she did so which didn't help matters.
  Jackie also had trouble eating and remaining unfettered by the meal. Luckily,
  there were towels on the bench they could wipe themselves down with and they
  had actually been given plenty of time in which to do a proper job on their
  respective meals.  
Upon his return, Tom had Jackie sit in a corner and Sarah put her hands behind
  her back. He then secured Sarah's wrists and had her lie down upon the floor.
  This touched off some of the pain in her backside and she winced but he didn't
  seem to notice. Instead he was fascinated by a simple bobby pin and its possibilities.
  She too became fascinated with it.  
"One more bobby pin," he said, what ever shall I do with it?"  
"As it pleases you Master," she murmured.  
He felt around her hairy snatch and located, after a time, her knob. He then
  set about pulling it and pushing the bobby pin through the center of it. "No!
  Please! Please, Master! Don't! It hurts! It hurts!" A Great stream left both
  her eyes and here nose became snotty. Her mouth bubbled and big heaving sobs
  came in-between the words she spoke. "I'll do anything! Anything! Just don't
  push it all the way through! Take it out! Take it away! Now Master! Please!
  Please!" He stopped for a moment and regarded her. "Are you begging?" She nodded
  in affirmation and said: "Yes! Yes I am! Isn't this what you want? You can
  stop! You can have mercy!" He thought for a moment and in that moment she knew
  what was to come by the very twinkle in his eye. She howled as he pushed it
  all the way through and secured it in place.  
In a haze she found herself back in the room where she first met Jackie.
  She must have walked the distance but she couldn't quite remember. The pregnant
  woman was once more secured to her chair. Tom was busy linking the bobby pins
  in her via a thin but strong thread so that too much moving about would have
  severe repercussions. She became aware of the enema equipment including the
  bags and the small pumps attached to the tubes which were not part of the usual
  package. Suddenly a ball gag went into her mouth and was secured. It was a
  gag attached to a tube and she could see the other tube being forced into Jackie's
  piss hole. The other woman squirmed uncomfortably but took it well.  
"There now," said Tom to Jackie. "You're set for the night."  
"But what about Sarah?" asked Jackie. "What about her, Master?"  
In reply Tom took two pints of Guinness off the shelf and made Sarah drink.
  He twisted the bobby pins in her nipples to make her. The brew was cold so
  they mustn't have been out of a fridge for long. She knew they'd made her cramp
  and need to piss. Every drop he could make go down her throat went down. She
  felt bloated. He squeezed her stomach to make her feel even more so then stuck
  a cork attached to a tube up her ass with regard to having the tube go deeper
  into her to the point where it caused her distress and let in the warmer enema
  fluid from the bags. Now she'd cramp and cramp some more for sure! There was
  no way to get around it and she'd have to remain as still as could be because
  of the bobby pins.  
"Nice fix you're in," he commented, "but I'm not quite done."  
Suddenly a little tube was invading her very own piss hole making her want
  to piss real bad. It was not only attached to her but the other end came out
  into one of the enema bags, a small pump and a valve directing any leaks from
  her from that quarter upward. He topped it off by rubbing the rubbing alcohol
  liberally onto the bobby pins, thus inflaming the cuts made by the pins. She
  almost shook and it was quite an effort on her part not to do so. Jackie whimpered
  in sympathy for the agony being endured by Sarah but, naturally, she could
  do nothing.  
Through blurring tear streaked eyes she regarded Tom who said: "You can allow
  spittle to run down you onto your breasts now if you wish. In fact I think
  I'd like to see that."  
Sarah, through her enormous suffering complied and he, bless him/curse him,
  snapped a few photos of her doing so.  
"Not often I get to work on someone like this," he told her pleasantly. To
  add to her woes he cinched a belt tight around her.  
"Is this right, Master?" asked Jackie in a soft voice. I know I can get some
  sleep the way I am but what you've done to her&hellip;.is it all right?"  
Tom felt past Sarah's expanding belly to her skewered knob and, yes, the
  little traitor was having a wonderful time.  
"She's loving it," said Tom confidently. "Or, at least, part of her is."  
The night was long for Sarah but, really, that goes without saying. Every
  once in a while when he was bored or she seemed to be getting used to things,
  he'd poke her belly, feel her cunt or tweak a bobby pin. Then there was Jackie
  pissing into her mouth whenever she needed to go. The timid 'sorry' only seemed
  to make matters worse.  
Morning finally came and Sarah was released and allowed to relieve herself
  into a nearby toilet. This took some time and Tom enjoyed himself immensely
  squeezing her belly to make things move along faster. He removed the bobby
  pins and allowed her to shower and dress in a light, frilly white dressing
  gown.  
Jackie, after having her cunt licked by Sarah as a farewell gesture, was
  released, allowed to dress and to leave. At the front door Tom said to the
  large girl: "Will you be back soon?" She looked at him and replied with a faint
  smile: "After the baby I suspect. But in time for you to put me on a milking
  machine and extract what you can." He looked at her, now dressed in a dainty
  pink outfit, and replied: "I'll look forward to doing so."  
Turning to Sarah in her dressing gown who was watching Jackie depart he said: "Let's
  have breakfast in the lounge room. I have a busy day planned for you."  
"Yes, Master," said Sarah dutifully, and they did, indeed, have breakfast.  
END OF PART ONE.  
Sarah's Weekend   
PART TWO   
By ROSS MARTIN   
Tom passed the jar of marmalade to Sarah. It was orange, her favorite. He
  could be such a gentleman when he wanted to be or when the setting was right.
  She dabbed a portion on her slice of buttered toast and took a bite. Her stomach
  was not quite right because of the ordeal it had been through during the night
  and the toast sledge-hammered this fact to her, but that was fine. She was
  on her second cup of coffee and wondering what the day would bring. More hardship
  if she knew her Master and his designs upon her. He was so good/bad to her.  
Underneath the white robe she wore Sarah was completely naked. The seat she
  was perched on was enhanced by a soft cushion. Even so she was well aware of
  the heat in her backside from the previous day. Her breasts, which were big
  and floppy, had sustained less bruising and no doubt could be worked on a lot
  more. In fact she knew they were going to be worked on a lot more. She suspected
  he was saving them for something special. Either this day or the next, things
  would happen to them, of this she could be certain.  
Her nipples were still skewered by bobby pins but they were no longer attached
  via a line to a bobby pin in her pesky knob. Ten years ago this would have
  been more than enough for her but not any more. It merely wetted her appetite
  for what further the Master had in mind.  
"Ready for another day?" asked Tom with a devilish smile. "You almost quit
  on me last night."  
Shame rose for a few seconds heating her face. Yes, the enema, the bobby
  pins and the swallowing of the pregnant woman's pee had almost been too much.
  Then there were his random torments.  
"You made me continue, Master," she said with a touch of gratitude.  
"Yes, I did. Are you sorry?'  
"For letting you down, Master? Yes, I am sorry. But you, Master, you did
  the right thing. It was so very kind of you."  
"I haven't heard you beg like that in some time."  
"Oh, I haven't, Master. I haven't."  
Tom clapped his hands together and a young Italian girl with long curly black
  hair and pouting lips painted a deep purple came into the room. As far as Sarah
  could tell, she was in her mid-twenties and was wearing a similar robe. Her
  hands were handcuffed together in front of her and her brown eyes had a fierce
  dark quality that challenged both Sarah and her Master.  
"This is Lucy," said Tom as he approached the girl. "Short for Lucinda. Notice
  the heavy mascara around the eyes and how her fingernails, her eyelids and
  her mouth are painted up like she's a whore."  
"Yes, Master," said Sarah.  
"Disrobe for Sarah," Tom told the girl and she let slip the cloth from her
  rounded shoulders. It couldn't fall all the way because of the handcuffs but
  it did fall enough to reveal all there was of importance. Lucy had firm, high
  breasts with large dark nipples, admirable curves and long, dainty legs. Her
  triangle was black as the hair on her head and wild but no blacker or wilder
  than Sarah's. She trembled and was looking down in humiliation or what Sarah
  took to be humiliation.  
"Touch her Sarah," said Tom. "Run your hands over her."  
"Yes, Master."  
Sarah got up out of her seat and faced the girl who was using her hands to
  cover up as much of herself as she possibly could. Sarah moved toward Lucy
  and Lucy backed away until she was against the wall.  
"Don't," said Lucy in a whisper as Sarah touched the girl's shoulders then
  followed the natural curvature of her body down to her ample but firm melons.  
"Don't!" Lucy cried when Sarah's right index finger slipped down to her belly
  button and suddenly leapt to her overly hairy triangle. Lucy tried to force
  Sarah out by squeezing her legs together but Sarah managed to get into and
  stay inside the Italian's love pot.  
"Please no!" moaned Lucy. "You know this is not right, Master. It is wrong!
  Dirty!"  
"Remove your digit, Sarah," said Tom and Sarah did as she was told. Lucy
  looked relieved. Then he added: "Disrobe, Sarah."  
The older woman complied, dropping her garment. It landed in a heap on the
  floor. Lucy gaped in surprise. Revealed all at once were the bobby pins still
  in Sarah's big, blockish nipples. Lucy found herself staring at the horror
  of what had happened to the other woman for perhaps too long. This amused Tom.
  The bobby pin in Sarah's knob was not so clear because of the coal-colored
  tangle weed but once noticed it made Lucy shiver.  
"He did this to you?" asked Lucy, pointing at the pins going through the
  older woman's nipples.  
"Yes," answered Sarah.  
"What was it like?"  
"What do you think?"  
"Why did he?"  
"Because he wanted to and I wanted him to."  
"That doesn't make sense."  
"It does to me."  
"Touch them," said Tom, looking at Lucy. "Touch them if you're that curious."  
"Touch her breasts?" asked Lucy, looking coolly into Sarah's milder eyes.  
"Yes," said Tom. "I know you want to."  
"No!"  
"Then touch her vagina if you can find it amongst all the scrub. If you can't
  find it I'll at least give you points for trying."  
"Never!"  
"Never? Don't you like Sarah?"  
"It is wrong!"  
"Very well," said Tom after a moment's contemplation, "I thought you may
  have changed your mind. To the dungeon then. Sarah, you will accompany us."  
"I have to pee first," said Sarah apologetically. "At least I have to with
  your permission, Master."  
"Fine," said Tom, pointing the way to the toilet. "You, Lucy shall watch."  
And so, Master and new offering watched as Sarah unselfconsciously pissed
  into a bowl. It was a thick stream of yellow and it made Lucy blush.  
"I could have had you drink that piss," said Tom to Lucy. "I could make you
  take it in the mouth. Perhaps someday I will."  
The passage leading from the kitchen to the stairs down into the wine cellar/dungeon
  was short, a mere two hundred yards and the steps were even shorter. The sort
  of foam used to contain sound in recording studios lined the narrow walls as
  it did the wider walls of the dungeon.  
The dungeon was a dark, dank place containing a number of blocks of wood
  nailed together and, like the room that had held the pregnant woman; there
  was a variety of whips and canes on the walls for Tom to choose from. Both
  Sarah and Lucy looked with foreboding at what might well be used upon them.  
Tom had Sarah remove the handcuffs holding Lucy's hands in front of her and
  also take away the robe from her completely. Lucy fought to keep the robe but
  Sarah was stronger. The robe got tossed into a corner and there it would stay
  for what would seem a very long time.  
Naked, Lucy covered up her overgrown pussy and her breasts as best she could
  with her hands. Tom dropped his pants showing her his manhood. She glanced
  at it only the once then looked away in disgust. Sarah looked at it for a considerably
  longer time.  
"Filthy!" Lucy cried. "Wrong!"  
"Suck me off," offered Tom, "and that will be that. You'll be free to go.
  The contract will be honored."  
"Never!" cried Lucy angrily as she tried to cover even more of herself from
  prying eyes.  
Tom had Sarah handcuff Lucy's hands behind her back. This wasn't difficult
  since, apart from a cold glare with truly exquisite hazel eyes, Lucy did not
  resist. Tom then handcuffed Sarah the same way with a pair he had on his belt.  
"Never is a long time," said Tom as he inspected Lucy. He touched her lips
  and breasts with his fingers but did not go any further.  
He had both Lucy and Sarah lean over a railing and then attached a hook to
  each woman's set of handcuffs. With a dozen turns of a wheel the rope attached
  to the hook in Sarah's handcuffs pulled her arms painfully upward. She gave
  a faint grunt. When it happened to Lucy there was more of an outburst. This
  was followed by a slow whimpering.  
Tom took a pair of tweezers out of his pocket and showed it to Sarah who
  couldn't help but smile. He showed it to Lucy who simply didn't get it. She
  looked to Sarah for some clue but Sarah kept quiet.  
Lucy found out what was what when the hairs on her armpits were ever so roughly
  pulled out. They came away a dozen at a time from her left armpit and then
  a dozen at a time from her right. And she squealed and struggled and launched
  all sorts of profanities in Italian at Tom. For his part, Tom simply continued
  to pull away until he had a nice handful to show his now heavily sweating and
  shaking victim.  
"Don't! Don't do that again!" cried Lucy energetically.  
"Oh, don't worry," said Tom, "There's plenty more where that came from and
  we do want you to look your best."  
"Don't!"  
"You'll suck my cock?"  
"No!"  
"You'll lick Sarah's cunt?"  
"No!"  
"Then I'll just get me another handful or two."  
Lucy began to squeal again and then Tom stopped abruptly. He took Lucy's
  face in his hand a moment and said: "You are not to close your eyes again,
  understand? If you do I will have you for a whole week, contract or no contract,
  and do terrible things to you, do you understand?"  
"Yes!" cried Lucy and, for the remainder of her time with Tom she was careful
  not to close her lovely peepers.  
Letting go of her face, he began plucking once more until he had what he
  thought was a nice second collection of her underarm hair. She squealed continually
  throughout and both he and Sarah were satisfied with the music-like noise.
  Her voice was beginning to crack when Tom decided he had enough from her underarms.  
Exhausted, Lucy watched as Sarah was plucked. Master was relentless and merciless
  with the older woman but couldn't get more out of her than a few grunts and
  foot stampings. It was as if she didn't feel what the younger woman had felt
  though this was definitely not the case. The truth was that Sarah's knob was
  beginning to react marvelously to this unusual bit of abuse and that was a
  good thing for her. At the end of it Lucy said softly to Sarah: "You felt nothing?" In
  reply Sarah said: "On the contrary I felt everything."  
Tom let his charges alone for a while. He got out a newspaper and began to
  read. This may not have seemed very cruel but one must remember the terrible
  stretching of the arms of both Sarah and Lucy. Sarah didn't make a sound during
  this time but Lucy serenaded her with at first soft pitched moaning then moaning
  that was truly exquisite. She wondered why Master just didn't gag the bitch
  then realized he was probably enjoying it too.  
Time ticked by and the stretching only got worse.  
"Comfortable ladies?" asked Tom as he finished with the sports page and put
  the paper down.  
"May I ask," gasped Sarah, "who won at cricket?"  
"We thrashed the Poms if that's what you want to know," said Tom matter-of-factly.
  He went over to her and lifted her drooping head by her hair so that he could
  look into her eyes. They were narrow, squinting away the droplets of moisture
  from her forehead. He also noted her mouth was quirked in a kind of half smile.  
 He dropped his pants in front of her exhibiting a champion rod.  
 "You didn't answer my question," he said, waving his member under her nose. "Are
  you comfortable?"  
 "Comfortable enough, Master," Sarah lied through gritted teeth.  
 "Very well," said Tom, "you can thank me by giving this a polishing."  
 By polishing, Sarah understood he meant a licking of the helmet and eye
  and a general sucking of the length. This she did slowly, rhythmically knowing
  full well that the other woman was watching and turning up her nose at what
  she saw. How much this nose turning was for real she'd never know and perhaps
  that was just as well. She was there doing this thing for Master and the Italian
  was muttering something in her native tongue all the while. It could have been
  a prayer for deliverance.  
The polishing lasted about ten minutes and then Tom was ready to really ram
  his point home. He went to the back of Sarah and got on with it. There was
  no need for KY gel or anything of that nature because his targeted female's
  pussy was already dripping quite nicely. This does not mean, however, that
  he was gentle. The extra movements of her body with his ins and outs put incredible
  strain on her already strained upper limbs and she could not help but cry out
  in pain. It was as if they were about to be pulled out of their sockets. "Am
  I hurting you?" he asked and withdrew for a moment. "Yes, Master!" cried Sarah
  with a great wracking sob. "Good," he said and got into her again, pushing
  and savaging her to climax with himself.  
When he withdrew he was limp but eager to try Lucy's services. But he went
  around to Sarah's face first to kiss her on her pouting lips and wet with crying
  cheeks. And she thanked him ever so cutely for the kiss and for what he'd just
  put her through. He then came around to the younger woman's face and showed
  her his dick. "Well?" he asked. She closed her mouth tightly and shook her
  head. "It seems," he added, "that you haven't been sufficiently entertained.
  My bad but we can fix that."  
Tom put his pants back on and removed Sarah from her awkward and somewhat
  excruciating position. He had her sit in a corner, naked, with her hands still
  secured by the handcuffs behind her back but her arms no longer in a problematic
  pose. "Stay!" he ordered and she stayed. Tears, he noticed, were still running
  down her face from the pounding he'd given both her upper limbs and her cunt
  at the same time. She looked pretty that way. "Love you," he added softly then
  turned to Lucy.  
He took the darker woman down from her agonizing situation, marched her over
  to a St Andrew's cross, removed the cuffs from her wrists and bound her with
  leather thongs to the cross. This way her arms and legs were spread wide. Naturally,
  she howled in real agony shaking her head furiously when he secured her arms.
  They were still very sore and any movement, let along large movements of the
  affected muscles, caused terrible pain. But he didn't seem to care or, as Sarah
  knew, he cared a lot and was simply enjoying himself.  
"I won't see if you're wet down under," said Tom, "because that's not part
  of the deal unless, of cause, you say so."  
"No," murmured the helpless, glassy eyed girl through trembling purple lips.  
"What was that?" asked Tom speculatively.  
"No!" cried the girl louder through lips that managed to tremble even more.  
Tom took a satchel down from one of the numerous hooks and showed her the
  contents. It was full of needles of various sizes in various pockets including
  the sharp surgical type a foot long. The sight frightened both Sarah and Lucy.  
"They've been sprayed so you won't catch any nasty germs from them," said
  Tom. "They won't, however, be very pleasant for you."  
"Mercy!" cried Lucy. "Take me down now!"  
"And you will do what for me?"  
"Nothing! Not that&hellip;filthy thing you want."  
"Nothing for nothing I'm afraid."  
Tom chose a small sewing needle with a pearl head to begin with slipping
  it neatly into the upper most part of her firm but large left breast. She hissed
  gently as it entered. She also hissed as the second and third went into the
  same general area. He did the same with her right breast.  
"Not such a big deal so far," he said before skewering her left nipple with
  a needle. "Ow!" she cried and, when he shoved the second one mercilessly through
  the same spot but on a different angle crossing the first she made a wheezing
  sound with her voice and a huge droplet from her right eye landed on his hand.
  It was black from the mascara. He examined her face with his hand and said: "Are
  you going to be sick?" She looked at him in her pleading way but, for once,
  her face began to register surprise, even doubt. "No, not that," was her answer,
  streaks of black now running down her face. At this he showed her another needle
  and said: "For your right nipple then?" Uncharacteristically, she nodded in
  the affirmative and he proceeded to skewer away. Before long both of her nipples
  were crossed with tempered steel. "Lovely," he commented, adding more sewing
  needles to her left breast, this time going for the base of the breast. To
  even things out, he did the same to her other breast. "Can't have things uneven," he
  comments warmly.  
Now she had sixteen needles in her and he was squeezing her already tortured
  left breast to add a third needle to the collection pinning her left nipple.
  This one, however, was going straight through the center. She struggled and
  screeched for this not to happen but it happened anyway. "Can I kiss you on
  the lips before administering the next one?" he asked her and she nodded in
  the affirmative. "Is that a yes?" he asked. She sniffed back a tear and said: "Yes!" It
  came out as a great galloping hiss. And he did kiss her, full on the lips,
  before pushing savagely through this terrible needle of needles. It left her
  gasping and shaking her now rather shaggy looking head.  
"Will you give me more?" he asked ever-so-politely.  
"No!" she sobbed and twisted in her bonds. "No more kisses. No more nothing!"  
"Very well."  
He took out a foot long needle and proceeded to shove it through one breast.
  He had medical training so he knew how to do this without either risking her
  life or causing her permanent damage. This does not, however, mean that there
  was any mercy on offer. The needle was strong enough to make it through without
  the possibility of snapping but thin enough so that he didn't need to make
  a small hole in her breast with another instrument in order to make the passage
  of it safe. In any case, she screamed more than Sarah had ever heard anyone
  scream but neither screams nor struggles could help her. The flesh was rubbery
  and unwilling but Tom had the strength and presence of mind to see it through.
  She simply had to suffer this supreme of all intrusions. And oh how she did  suffer!  
It took Lucy a while to gather her senses after this devastating assault
  on her femininity and to deal with the after shock that made her tremble all
  over with goose bumps as big as strawberries. Tom waited so that the needle
  which he then pushed through the right breast could also have maximum effect.
  It did, sending more screams Tom's way.  
At the end of it she was definitely dripping down under and he was as hard
  as a post. Knowing this he whipped off his pants to show her. Through a red
  haze of suffering she acknowledged his change of appearance by uttering the
  word no. It sounded timid, even unsure of itself, but it was still no. He couldn't
  have been more delighted.  
At this invitation, Tom took one of the long needles, found her knob amongst
  her voluminous vaginal hair and skewered it. She jerked at this swift violation,
  sobbed a great gulping sob at the sharp agony ripping through her nervouse
  system from that delicate point and said in a rocky, hesitant voice: "Now you
  can have your woman kiss me there, in my cunt."  
"Maybe later," said Tom, taking a ball gag and shoving it in her mouth. "It's
  way past my lunch hour. Also, I'd rather fuck you or have you suck me off."  
So, while Lucy remained on the cross with all that metal in her and a great
  red ball stuck in her mouth, making her drawl on her intensely hurting boobs,
  Tom took two candy bars out of his pocket. He ate one and shared the other
  with the still bound Sarah, happily hand feeding her. He also shared a canteen
  of water.  
"So what do you think of Lucy?" asked Tom.  
"I'm impressed, Master," said Sarah. "What you did to her even frightens
  me."  
"Yes," he agreed warmly. "It's not often I have such a subject. You see her
  problem is she has grown up in a situation where sex of any kind is considered
  to be so evil, so foul that only through torture can she realize her needs
  in this area."  
"And so, Master, you torture her."  
"Yes but it must be real, not play. Otherwise she will never give in and
  never be satisfied. She knows what she must say and do for me to end her discomfort
  and slowly now she is relenting. She is coming around."  
"She's a lot tougher, Master, than at first I thought she'd be."  
"She doesn't enjoy what I am doing to her on the same level that you do.
  In fact, she tells me she has a rather low tolerance for pain but, as it seems,
  a rather high religious barrier to get over. She sees herself as a sacrifice
  and so it will take some doing to break her. The cross was her idea, the needles
  mine."  
"What, Master, are you going to do next?"  
"Remove the needles," he said, approaching the Italian girl and proceeding
  to do so. As Sarah was aware from less drastic past experiences, the needles
  coming out were worse for their victim than they had been going in. Still,
  it had to be done though not as slowly and as dragged out as Tom was making
  it for Lucy. And as bad as the regular needles were, especially the ones going
  into the center of the nipples, the long ones covering the most territory were
  absolutely horrendous. It took a lot of pulling to get them out and the droplets
  here and there of blood made Sarah, let alone Lucy who was experiencing it
  all first hand, feel queasy. The needle in her knob made the tortured girl
  wailed loud and long, despite the gag, as it came forth. Spittle flew everywhere.  
After this was done, Tom removed the gag, wiped Lucy's face with a towel
  and said: "Had enough?"  
"Don't," sighed the girl in a choppy voice. "Don't do any more I'm begging
  you. I am pleading with you."  
"You'll suck me off and allow me to fuck you?"  
Lucy shook her head at this and Sarah wondered what more Tom would do. She
  quickly found out when he took a bag hanging on a hook and began to rub the
  contents into the Italian female's wounds. At first Sarah thought it was just
  some sort of white powder then, as Lucy fought and yelled volumes for mercy,
  she came to realize it was in fact butcher's salt.  
"Enough!" cried Lucy with widening eyes and streams of black washed down
  from her eyes. "You win! Do with me what you will! Take me! Fuck me! I will
  do with the other woman, too. Just get it off me! Get it off!"  
"Very good," said Tom, a great big smile on his face. He took a bucket of
  water and threw it on her. She shivered with the impact and the coldness. He
  then proceeded to rub her down all over. "The effects of the salt will continue," he
  said, knowingly, "but now in a less potent way."  
He untied her from the cross and had her bend down on all fours so that he
  could mount her from behind. This she did and, when he was finished ramming
  it home to her cunt, making her gasp as loudly as he could, he lubricated her
  asshole with juice from her cunt and rammed home there as well. Her face ran
  beet-red at this but she endured. She even endured having him make her lick
  his dick afterwards.  
"What now?" Tom asked speculatively.  
"Whatever pleases you," blubbered Lucy, rubbing her backside and then her
  very sore breasts.  
"Would it please you to lick Sarah's nipples and cunt?"  
"No!"  
"Then do it!"  
With some reluctance Lucy complied. By doing so she touched of sparks in
  Sarah due to the bobby pins being in the way and this resulted in the poor
  girl getting the pungent aroma and taste of fresh cum up close and personal.
  He also had the still smarting female lick the other woman's armpits which
  were stinky with sweat though not as hairy as they once were. Sarah marveled
  at this attention and endeavored to remain still during it all. It was not
  easy for Lucy to do the armpits action the way Sarah was cuffed but she managed
  to do so with great devotion to the taste and even greater results. She found
  herself sighing ever so contentedly and wishing she had a few more arm-pits
  to spare.  
As the afternoon turned to night, Tom fucked Lucy three more times before
  letting her go. And when she went, she left the dungeon with her head held
  high, dressed in her white robe, and with a look of utter contempt on her face
  for Sarah.  
"Satisfied?" asked Tom, seeing her out.  
"Yes," said Lucy. "You live up to your reputation. I will see you again when
  I am in the need for your services."  
"Did you like what you did with Sarah?"  
"No. Not at all. You shouldn't have made me! You were utterly despicable.
  It was filthy lesbian stuff! ... Will you make me do such things again? &hellip; Such
  despicable things?"  
"Yes."  
"Good!"  
All was quiet at Lucy's departure. Tom, in his wisdom, decided to end his
  work for the day and have Sarah, after a hot meal of three veggies, steak and
  an orange juice, and a shower, spend the rest of the night locked away naked
  in the dungeon. There she had nothing but a bucket to piss in and a small candle
  to provide some light. The one overhead fluorescent tube she was forbidden
  to use. Her hands were not tied because for safety reasons she needed the circulation
  but all she had to sleep on was some moldy old hay. And as she slept, she wondered
  what her last day with her Master would bring. She fingered reflectively the
  bobby pins still in her breasts and in her knob as she did so. Surely he had
  something really nasty planned for the morning and, truth to tell, part of
  her could hardly wait. He was, after all, so bad/ so good to her.  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ross Martin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





