BDSM Library - Auction of Promises




Auction of Promises
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When her friend persuaded Jane to change her entry in the company's Charity Auction of Promises from '15 hours housework, no sex'. to 'Slave for 15 hours, no sex' she didn't envisage one of the directors buying much more of her time and demanding more of her body.Warning   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF Hum. Spank. Rom  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
Auction of Promises   
by Obohobo  
Chapter 1. The Auction   
&quot;What are you going to offer for the Auction this year Jane?&quot; Matty
  asked me.  
&quot;Same as last year I suppose; '15 hours housework, no sex'. Not much
  else I feel I can offer even though it didn't make much money last year.&quot;  
&quot;You don't feel up to offering yourself as an escort like Kathy?&quot; Matty
  already knew I had strong views on that. She was trying to wind me up and decided
  to ignore the remark. She went on, &quot;You could make a lot more money for
  charity and for yourself. You might even find a boyfriend. What you get out
  of the housework bit won't pay for a phone call to enquire about a new car
  let alone buy one.&quot;  
&quot;Kathy doesn't seem to mind being a part time hooker. She'll probably
  get bookings for every night of the week and end up being a bit sore between
  her thighs. In any case I don't need another boyfriend, only just got rid of
  the last one. You'll do your usual barbecue I suppose? &quot;  
&quot;Yeah, I enjoy them and Ken does most of the cooking. It was popular
  last time and brought in about &pound;200 with the raffle and the games we
  played.&quot; I'd only paid in &pound;45 for fifteen hours of boring housework,
  clearing and cleaning the home of old man Hansen whose wife died several years
  ago. I think it was about the only time in a year he'd had the place cleaned.  
The auction Matty referred to was the Auction of Promises the firm organised
  for one week every year. We were part of a big international insurance group
  but the auction was only for the U.K. branches. It was done on-line using the
  firm's intranet that outsiders would not normally have access to, although
  many small subsidiary and supply firms were connected to it as well so all
  in all the information reached several thousand people. On a web page we placed
  a photo ourselves and then gave the service we offered. Underneath people could
  place their bids for that service. The services ranged from flights in a private
  plane, to a boating weekend and right down to the lowly service of house cleaning
  that I offered. Half the money raised went to charity and the participant kept
  half although often they gave the full amount to the charity.  
Matty logged on and brought up the page. Already there were about fifty entries.
  Scrolling down she stopped at Kathy's promise. 'Friendly and accommodating
  escort service. Please state night required.' I noticed she hadn't ticked the
  'no sex' box.  
She scrolled on to her entry. 'Fun barbecue. Good food, fun and games. You'll
  have a terrific time. Friday evening only.' She'd ticked the 'no sex' box.  
&quot;What shall we put for you, Jane? We've still got that awful mug shot
  on file we used last time.&quot; It was my passport photo and I looked a bit
  grim in it. She typed in '15 hours housework' and ticked 'no sex'. Then changed
  it, 'Housework/slave for 15 hours' but left the no sex in place because she
  knew my views on that subject. My boyfriend had left abruptly with another
  girl after we'd lived as an item for eight months. I didn't want another relationship
  or even a one-night stand. &quot;That might get you a better offer than Dan
  Hansen's,&quot; she laughed. Later that day I had an email to verify my entry
  and somewhat reluctantly I did so. I was still unsure about the 'slave' part
  but decided to give it a try and I wasn't forced to accept any of the bids.  
Next day before work a group of us from the office checked what bids had
  been put forward. Kathy already had generous offers for three nights. &quot;You'll
  be walking bow-legged on Monday,&quot; one of the girls giggled at her.  
&quot;Who said I let them screw me,&quot; Kathy demanded.  
&quot;We do,&quot; we all chorused together and fell about laughing.  
Matty had three couples offering ten pounds each. &quot;Not a bad start,&quot; she
  remarked, &quot;Last year only a few booked on the first few days. Many wait
  until the weekend and discus it with their wives or partners.&quot;  
Mine just had one from Dan Hansen offering &pound;6 per hour the same as
  last year. I was disappointed. &quot;It's early days,&quot; I said to the others
  and Matty gave my hand a squeeze. &quot;You don't have to accept the bid,&quot; she
  whispered. I'd told myself that already.  
Doreen suggested, &quot;Uncheck the 'no sex' box and then you will get plenty
  of offers especially from dirty old men with plenty of money. They might even
  buy you the car!&quot; Everyone joined in the suggestion and this gave rise
  to many fanciful and improbable scenarios that could happen. I adamantly refused
  to alter it and I was glad there was some system in place whereby once the
  'submit' button had been pressed, the wording of the offer couldn't be altered
  although it could all be deleted. I was ragged even more the next day when
  another man had upped the bid to &pound;6.20 an hour. They all seemed to think
  my photo put people off. Sylvia our supervisor called us back to work so we
  didn't discuss it further.  
Dan had upped the price to &pound;6.30 an hour the next day a derogatory
  increase according to everyone and their remarks made me feel very depressed
  and downcast. Matty tried to lift my spirits but didn't succeed. It was just
  one more thing I had to deal with. The car was my biggest problem. Without
  it my journey to work was not only expensive, it took nearly two hours because
  the rural buses didn't connect without a long wait. Going home was not much
  better although in theory it should have only taken an hour and a half, it
  was frequently late.  
I didn't bother looking at the bids on Friday morning until Kathy called, &quot;Come
  and see your offer Jane!&quot; She and the other girls sounded excited but
  I was in a dark mood.  
&quot;What is it this morning?&quot; I asked sourly, &quot;&pound;6.40?&quot;  
&quot;Come and see, girl!&quot; Her enthusiasm lifted my spirits enough to
  walk to the screen.  
'Jane phone xxxxx xxxxxx Ext. 317 Offer &pound;1,000 plus. David' All the
  girls were laughing and making comments as to what sort of slave I would be
  for that money. Like them I guessed sex would be involved somewhere along the
  way. I recognised the phone number as coming from our Midlands office but hadn't
  any idea whose extension 317 was. It was midmorning break but it took many
  prompts from my colleagues before I had the courage to phone the number.  
&quot;Mr. Furlough's office, can I help you?&quot; A typical secretary sing-song
  reply. I told her I was Jane Beeson and I'd been asked to phone him. &quot;I'll
  see if he is available, hold on please.&quot; Again she disinterestedly sang
  the words as she'd done thousands of times. At least there wasn't any music
  to accompany the wait but I had time enough to work out that the man must be
  in the upper echelons of power to have his own secretary.  
&quot;Furlough,&quot; the voice sounded very abrupt voice over the phone.
  The voice of a man used to giving commands and having them obeyed.  
&quot;Good morning,&quot; I stammered, &quot;I'm Jane Beeson&hellip; You
  left a note on the Auction of Promises site for me to call you.&quot;  
&quot;Ah, yes, Jane. I'm David. Sorry I didn't recognise the name when my
  secretary put you through. Look, would you be prepared to spend a two week
  holiday with me in the highlands and act as my wife?&quot; That threw me. It
  sounded like he wanted someone to take away for couple of weeks for sex. I
  hesitated and almost said no but he went on. &quot;I have to attend a conference
  for two days in Inverness and will have to be present at a couple of evening
  functions where it is expected that I have a partner. I'd planned taking the
  woman I'd been living with but she left me six weeks ago and went to live with
  her lesbian friend.&quot; I heard a stifled giggle.  
&quot;Sir, I think our conversation is being listened to by most of the office.
  Perhaps you would like to phone me at home?&quot;  
I gave him my number but before he hung up he threw me in a loop again. &quot;Better
  still, have dinner with me tonight. Perhaps at the Ramada on the A1 just north
  of Grantham. That's about halfway for both of us.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry sir&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Don't keep calling me sir. I'm David except at work.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry David&hellip; I thought I was in slave mode.&quot; I gave a giggle. &quot;Sorry,
  I don't have a car that works and there is no hope of repairing it in time,
  in fact no hope of repairing it at all.&quot; I choked back a little cry, which
  I know he heard.  
&quot;No problem. I'll see what I can sort out and get back to you.&quot;  
I'd hardly put the phone down and the girls started ribbing me about being
  a wife for two weeks. I more or less dismissed the idea, as it would certainly
  involve sex or at least a relationship that I was reluctant to get into.  
I didn't hear anything more until shortly after lunch when a van driver came
  into the office and spoke with Sylvia who brought him to me. &quot;Jane Beeson?
  I'm Bob and I've been told to drive you to the Walsall office when I return
  with my next load. I've got to leave in a few minutes.&quot; He spoke with
  a Birmingham accent so I guessed the Walsall office was his home base.  
&quot;But&hellip; I've nothing to wear&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;You look fine to me,&quot; Bob grinned &quot;Maybe Mr. Furlough doesn't
  want you wearing anything.&quot;  
&quot;I can't go like this!&quot; I protested.  
&quot;Of course you can,&quot; Matty chided, &quot;Take a risk for once in
  your life. If he wants you in a posh outfit he'll have to buy you one!&quot;  
&quot;How will I get back?&quot; I was worried I might be stranded up there.  
&quot;Dunno Miss. I expect I'll be back this way on Monday. He can afford
  to put you in a hotel for the weekend if he doesn't let you stay at his place.
  Don't think he's taken any girls in since Maisie left though. Seems a reasonable
  enough bloke. Bit bossy perhaps but I don't have many dealings with him. Only
  seen him a few of times. A lowly van driver like me don't get to visit the
  gods on the top floor.&quot;  
&quot;Get going,&quot; Matty urged, &quot;Things will sort themselves out
  when you get there.&quot;  
&quot;You'd better go to the ladies first miss as it will be a couple of
  hours before we can stop, that is if the traffic on a Friday isn't too bad.&quot; Bob
  added.  
Chapter 2. My trial weekend starts   
The journey was bad. Two accidents kept us crawling for miles so we were
  two hours overdue our scheduled arrival time. His office knew about it but
  even so I arrived at a virtually empty block of offices. Bob dropped me at
  the main entrance and drove the van round to the back somewhere. I wondered
  if I would be locked out but the door opened. The cleaning staff were busy
  but there was no one at the reception desk. A cleaner switched off her vacuum
  and asked in a broad dialect that I had difficulty in understanding, &quot;Are
  yer looking for someone, luv?&quot; When I explained she yelled loudly for
  someone in words I could not make out. A security guard entered. &quot;Miss
  Beeson?&quot; I nodded and he picked up the phone, &quot;Mr. Furlough, Miss
  Beeson's here.&quot; A few moments later he replaced the phone and said, &quot;Mr.
  Furlough will be down straightaway.&quot; At least he's stayed and waited for
  me, I mused.  
The man that emerged from the lift was younger than I expected, mid-thirties
  I guessed, perhaps eight years older than me. He greeted me courteously but
  in short abrupt sentences, &quot;Thank you for coming Jane. Sorry you had a
  difficult journey. I guess you'd like to freshen up a bit. Looks like the cleaners
  are in the ladies rooms here. I'll take you home. It's only ten minutes away.
  You can do what you have to there. Still some of the things Maisie left. Please
  come this way.&quot; I was a little surprised with myself. Without uttering
  a single word I'd allowed this man to lead me out to his car and take me to
  his home. A man I really knew nothing about. Although I had a thousand questions
  I wanted to ask, in the car we only talked briefly about the journey and my
  position in the office. I did find out that he was on the board of directors. &quot;Another
  reason for needing a woman as an acting wife.&quot; I didn't understand the
  reasoning but we'd arrived at a spacious detached house in what appeared to
  be an upper class area. Only much later did I find out he was a major shareholder
  in the company.  
&quot;This is the guest room. The shower's through here.&quot; I guessed
  where I would be sleeping that night. He showed me the controls to the shower. &quot;Rinse
  your underwear and hang them in the drying cubicle.&quot; He showed me a cupboard
  that contained a heating element. &quot;I intended to take you to dinner but
  it's too late now to buy you something suitable to wear. I'll do that tomorrow.
  Tonight I'll order from the Golden Dragon Special Service.&quot; I rightly
  guessed that was a Chinese takeaway or at least I got the Chinese right. &quot;There
  are several dressing gowns in the wardrobe so you should find one that fits.
  There's an assortment of slippers too. I'll fix us a cup of tea and bring it
  up.&quot; I muttered, &quot;Thank you,&quot; and wondered once again how he
  was able to gently give me orders that I would follow without question.  
Ten minutes later, just as I had got out of the shower and was drying myself,
  he walked in without knocking. He put my tea on the vanity counter. It was
  in a delicate porcelain cup with matching saucer on a silver tray. It pleased
  me to note that it was a good size breakfast cup and not one of the dinky little
  things they serve in posh restaurants. I held the towel to cover the front
  of my body but he only looked for a few moments and said, &quot;Dinner will
  be here in thirty minutes.&quot;  
I barely had time to put a brush through my hair before a gong sounded twice
  from downstairs. Dinner was served. Wrapping the dressing gown tightly around
  me, I hurried down knowing he wouldn't want to be kept waiting. Fully expecting
  to find hot aluminium trays with cardboard lids and sachets of sauces on the
  table, it was a complete shock to find the food in willow-pattern dishes on
  table heaters and a cook preparing other food on a portable electric stove.
  Two Chinese gentlemen stood to one side. David indicated where I should sit
  and one of the men held my chair for me. &quot;Wow!&quot; I thought, &quot;I
  could get used to this. This wasn't the sort of take-away service I was used
  to!&quot; The waiters served us and poured wine. Never once was I asked if
  I wanted anything. David spoke in his terse sentence way about inconsequential
  things but there were long gaps in the conversation. Slowly it came to me that
  behind all his power bearing, he was actually a shy man. He could probably
  converse for hours on stocks and share dealing but couldn't hold a chatty conversation
  with a woman who had no idea about such things. &quot;Perhaps,&quot; I thought
  to myself, &quot;That is why he wants someone to go with him to these functions.&quot;  
&quot;David, why don't you go and get out of that stuffy suit you've been
  in all day and get into something more comfortable?&quot; I suggested when
  we retired to the lounge for coffee and were alone. &quot;Have a shower and
  freshen up. I'll be fine here.&quot; He protested feebly until I shooed him
  away. For the first time, I had control but I guessed that was only because
  he wanted to change anyway and felt guilty at leaving me alone. While he was
  gone I looked around the room. It was spacious, modern and what I think they
  term 'minimalist' in style. The seats were real leather with glass-topped tables
  between them and a sideboard at one end of the room. All were bereft of ornaments,
  photos or magazines. No clutter anywhere at all. Likewise the walls were bare
  except for two modern looking paintings that I couldn't make head or tail of
  but which were probably expensive originals. My guess was that he'd employed
  a designer for the room and never used it while he was at home alone.  
&quot;David?&quot; I began when he returned dressed only in a robe and slippers, &quot;Before
  we go any further will you please tell me exactly what is expected of me this
  weekend and on the two weeks you wish me to spend with you? I don't wish to
  find myself in the wilds of Scotland doing things that are abhorrent to me.&quot;  
He nodded but answered with a question. &quot;Why did you put 'slave' on
  your auction offer?&quot;  
&quot;Matty suggested it. She's my best friend at work. We thought it might
  bring in a little more money than 'housework' did last year.&quot;  
&quot;How much differently did you expect to be treated when you went to
  work as a slave rather than as a houseworker?&quot;  
&quot;I didn't really think about it. It was a spur of the moment idea. Not
  much I suppose. Perhaps be ordered about a bit more, maybe made to wear a skimpy
  dress.&quot; I really hadn't considered how I would cope with the slave part
  of the offer.  
&quot;How would you feel if I said that I wanted to take the term slave literally?&quot;  
&quot;What like chaining me up and whipping me and forcing me to do sex things?&quot; My
  voice and face must have showed their shock but I felt a strange tingle between
  my legs and my nipples started to harden. A tingle of excitement that I'm sure
  increased my heartbeat.  
&quot;Not quite,&quot; David smiled for the first since we met. &quot;More
  the being ordered around, wearing little or nothing. Some discipline if you
  didn't do as you were told. Nothing that would affect your life afterwards.&quot;  
Again I felt that tingle but decided to be cagey with my reply, &quot;I don't
  know. I didn't envisage that scenario although the office girls did and worse.&quot;  
&quot;You would have gone almost that far for &pound;6.40 and hour. I am
  offering much more than that.&quot;  
&quot;I know. I appreciate that but as yet I don't know if I can trust you.
  We only met a few hours ago.&quot; When I started the conversation I was hoping
  to interrogate him but in fact it was mostly him questioning me. He went on.  
&quot;You ticked the 'no sex' box. Did you really mean no sex at all costs
  or no sex until I've seen who is buying me?&quot;  
&quot;Well I half expected Dan Hansen to buy my services and I certainly
  would have objected to sex with him. He's old, none too clean and has a fat
  belly. I no prude and I lived with a boyfriend for months so I might have succumbed
  to the right person. I'm on the pill so pregnancy shouldn't be a problem.&quot;  
&quot;Would I put you off?&quot;  
&quot;How do I answer that? If I say yes, I'm shown the door; if I say no,
  then I'm taken to your room and screwed. Can I reserve judgement on that? At
  the moment I'll say, I'm not put off.&quot;  
&quot;Why did you put such an awful photo of yourself against your offer?
  You had a much better one on your personal file.&quot;  
&quot;So you checked up on me! Used your position to see my personal information.&quot; I
  tried to sound angry.  
&quot;Yes. Wouldn't you have done in the same position? I'd almost rejected
  your offer until I saw your file. At least now I hope we can have a pleasant
  weekend together. Maybe that will persuade you to come to Scotland.&quot;  
&quot;You want me to be a slave this weekend too? Am I even staying for the
  weekend? You only mentioned dinner tomorrow night.&quot;  
&quot;Jane, this has got to be a two way thing. You've got to want to give
  it a try at least, if not, we're both wasting our time. For my part, I will
  say, I like what I've seen and heard from you so far.&quot; I returned the
  compliment and he went on, &quot;One more thing Jane, don't get ideas about
  this leading to a lasting relationship. Maisie put me right off long-term relationships.
  I know too that you can see pound signs all over the place here. Yes, I'm a
  wealthy man and that brings with it the problem of money grabbers. Already
  since Maisie left, several friends have tried to foist their daughters on me
  and a couple of the office staff have openly offered their bodies. I've seen
  through them. You, Jane, I know are hard up. You're desperate for cash. If
  we get on well together, fine. I'll invest in your time but I won't be put
  in a situation where that investment is yours to demand.&quot;  
&quot;You make me feel like a bloody prostitute!&quot; I yelled at him. &quot;Yes,
  I am desperate for money but I'm not going to be earning it by lying on my
  back on command! Paid by so much per fuck. Is that what you're suggesting?
  Perhaps I should go home now. Except I can't. I don't even have enough for
  the train fare home and it's another week before my pay cheque comes through.&quot; I
  started to sob.  
For a while he sat and looked helpless then he got up and sat alongside me.
  I felt his arm around my shoulders. &quot;Jane, that is another example of
  the problem I have. People think I just want to buy them. If I say I will help
  them financially as I have just done, they immediately think they have to pay
  me with services I haven't actually asked for. Yes, I would like to take you
  to my bed and have sex with you. I would be gay or something not to want to.
  You're very attractive and I like your personality but as I said, it has got
  to be a two-way thing. Think about it overnight. I shan't disturb you. When
  you're ready in the morning, come down to breakfast. I'm always up early. You'll
  find me in my little den on the ground floor two doors further on from the
  dining room. You'll also learn of my secret hobby.&quot;  
Weary as I was from the tiresome journey and the events of the evening, sleep
  didn't come easily. I tossed the evening's talk over and over in my mind. I
  liked the man but he'd already made it clear that nothing could come of it.
  I also feared him; feared the way he dominated me seemingly without trying
  to do so, feared what he might do when or if he disciplined me. He had said
  he would. Should I take the risk and go on this trip to Scotland where for
  much of the time it seemed I would have to act as a slave. Why did Matty suggest
  I put that on the auction form? Would he really help me with my financial problem
  without turning me into a prostitute? I didn't really have any qualms about
  the sex part, well normal sex anyway. I done oral a number of times but never
  had it up my bottom although a roommate at college did it that way regularly.
  Finally I woke. It was only 6:30 but I needed to pee and my throat felt parched.  
Crawling out of bed, naked because I hadn't a night-dress or pyjamas, I went
  to the loo and then putting on the dressing gown and slippers, crept down stairs
  wondering if he really was up that early. The smell of toast and coffee from
  the kitchen told me he was. Helping myself to coffee, he'd obviously eaten
  the toast earlier but the smell lingered, I made my way to the den, knocked
  and went in. His 'small' den was larger than my lounge and bedroom combined.
  Unlike the rooms I'd seen the previous evening, this one was lived in. Books
  and papers were in little piles intermingled with much of the other paraphernalia
  of a man's life. Most surprisingly, to me at least, was that he sat at a tapestry
  frame and was busy with wool and gold threads on a large and extraordinarily
  complex picture. He looked up when I arrived. &quot;Good morning Jane. You're
  up earlier than I expected. Sleep well?&quot; He tucked the needle into the
  canvas and was about to get up.  
&quot;Good morning David,&quot; I replied, &quot;Please carry on, I'd like
  to see you work while I drink my coffee. No I didn't sleep too well but that's
  normal for my first night away and I had too many thoughts chasing around my
  brain. We'll talk about that when I've woken up a bit more. I really do want
  to see what you are doing. I've done three tapestries but they were only kits
  and much smaller than this and they took forever to do. Let me see what you
  have done.&quot; He smoothed some of the folds outside the frame and showed
  me. &quot;It's beautiful,&quot; I complimented him, &quot;I've never known
  a man to do tapestry before. My grandmother started me off and most of the
  people I knew who did it were old women.&quot; We sat and chatted and he showed
  me how he did the work.  
&quot;The design is from a Carravagio painting that I scanned into the computer
  and used a tapestry design programme to convert it from the scan,&quot; he
  told me. Soon though I'd finished my coffee and he cooked breakfast. Bacon
  and eggs, something I would never have at home even if I had the time in the
  mornings. When he'd cleared my plate away and we sat facing each other across
  the table with a fresh cup of coffee, he asked, &quot;Have you come to any
  decision?&quot;  
I hadn't but knew I had to make up my mind one way or the other. It was pointless
  delaying. I'd spent enough time arguing with myself last night. Perhaps it
  was the thought of his money helping me get another car, but I believed there
  was more to it than that. I said, &quot;Yes.&quot; He looked at me while I
  hesitated. The look on his face told me he expected me to leave. I paused a
  moment or two longer and went on, &quot;Yes, I will do it. Provided I survive
  these next two days, I'll accompany you to Scotland and you can use this time
  to give me a try out as a proper slave with the 'no sex' box unchecked.&quot; His
  face burst into a smile of pleasure. It pleased me that I had made the decision
  and I hoped it was the right one. He came round the table, pulled me to my
  feet and hugged and kissed me.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you, thank you,&quot; he repeated. We sat and as we drank our
  coffee I asked, &quot;Why did you pick me. You had access to the files on hundreds
  of girls.&quot;  
&quot;I don't normally look at the auction list but I did this year perhaps
  because I was alone. It was the one word 'slave' that caught my eye. I did
  have visions of a girl in harem dress sucking my prick but knew that would
  not be the case. I read your offer and looked at the picture and got the computer
  to tell me who Jane was. Decided to make you an offer I hoped you could not
  refuse. So perhaps your friend was to blame for your being here.&quot;  
&quot;I'll kick her arse when I get back,&quot; I laughed.  
&quot;Perhaps a thank you might be more appropriate.&quot;  
&quot;I'll need to wait till Sunday to decide that.&quot;  
Chapter 3. A dinner date   
&quot;Right then, plan for this morning.&quot; David turned business-like. &quot;First
  we shower and get to know each other a little better. Then we'll go shopping.
  Sorry you'll have to wear yesterday's clothes. By lunchtime you'll have enough
  clothes to last the weekend.&quot; I thought to myself, &quot;Shopping for
  clothes takes far longer than that,&quot; but I kept quiet. Perhaps it was
  only going to be one dress and a tracksuit!  
Our shower took longer than normal. He washed me thoroughly all over and
  I did him and was pleased to note that I got his prick good and hard and it
  was bigger than my ex boyfriend's. I asked, &quot;Do you wish your slave girl
  to suck it master?&quot;  
&quot;Not yet, we've other things to do first.&quot; Even after that it was
  still only a little after nine-thirty when we drove to a local shopping mall.
  We went straight into a rather expensive looking ladies dress shop. A middle-aged
  woman came from the back of the shop. &quot;Good morning Mr. Furlough, we haven't
  seen you in here for some time.&quot;  
David ignored the remark. &quot;Miss Walters, I need a dress and what ever
  else is necessary to take this young lady to dinner at the Country Club tonight.
  Find something suitable if you please.&quot;  
&quot;Emily,&quot; the woman called, &quot;See what we have in a size 11.&quot; That
  was my size and she'd measured me just by looking. It didn't seem as if I was
  going to have any choice in the matter. &quot;Bring the green shot silk one.&quot; She
  held it in front of me. I didn't think I would have given it a second look
  even if it had a sale price tag on. &quot;Yes that will suit you fine. Try
  it on miss please. No bra&quot;. Emily came into the spacious dressing room
  with me. &quot;I'll have to zip you up miss,&quot; she explained. I had to
  admit that I did look rather fetching in it.  
&quot;Find a matching pair of shoes and a handbag. Size five,&quot; Miss
  Walters ordered when I returned to show David. The shoes were a little higher
  on the heel than I normally wore but they were still only about two inches.
  She appraised me again. &quot;Green chiffon scarf and pom to match.&quot; By
  the time she'd knotted the scarf around my neck and put the 'pom' whatever
  that was supposed to mean, in my hair I looked really glamorous. I worried
  what was expected of me to pay the large bill he was running up. It didn't
  stop there.  
&quot;Now a suitable set to go out into the country tomorrow and a suit for
  her to work in on Monday.&quot; During all this I was never asked if I liked
  anything. David just told the woman what he wanted me outfitted for and she
  found what she thought was appropriate. When at one point I tried to give an
  opinion David whispered in my ear, &quot;A slave does as she is told and what
  her master wants. Is that clear?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; I whispered back. He was in control. He had the money.
  I had none or in fact, less than none until pay day.  
All this had taken under two hours. At home it would have taken two weeks
  at least and the items would have been purchased from many different stores
  with much trying on of dresses and debating which was best and with bored assistants
  hovering in a corner and trying to keep out of your way.  
Lunch was at a salad bar for which I was grateful. I still had that full
  feeling from breakfast. Returning to his home, I made a pot of tea and we sat
  in the lounge drinking it when out of the blue he ordered, &quot;Slave come
  and suck my prick. I want to spend the afternoon enjoying you.&quot; It took
  a couple of seconds for the words to register but then I swallowed the last
  mouthful of tea and went over to him. Kneeling between his legs I took his
  prick out and gently massaged it. It was almost hard already. Taking it in
  my mouth I sucked it carefully. &quot;Harder,&quot; he ordered.  
&quot;Sorry sir,&quot; I apologised, &quot;I haven't done this too often.&quot; Slipping
  into slave mode seemed a natural thing to do. I wondered if he expected me
  to swallow his cum or whether he would pull out and spurt over my face as one
  of my boyfriends had done. I hoped not because some would inevitably go on
  my clothing. David didn't pull out so I swallowed it.  
&quot;That wasn't too bad for a first time. Come into the bedroom now. I
  wish to play with you in more comfort.&quot; In the bedroom he ordered me to
  undress him and then he took my clothes off and for a while we lay on the bed
  fondling each other. &quot;Lie the other way round,&quot; he ordered after
  we'd played for a little while. My head was once again in his groin and he
  spread my legs and started lapping at my cunt and clit. This was quite a novel
  experience for me. Few of my boyfriends had even given a thought to doing it
  to me and the girlfriends I'd been with were much gentler. Just as I was approaching
  my climax he stopped and said, &quot;Shave this lot off before you come to
  Scotland.&quot; He gave my pubic hair a tug.  
&quot;Yes sir,&quot; I replied and then added cheekily, &quot;Shave this
  lot off too before we go to Scotland.&quot; We both seemed to assume I would
  join him for the trip. I gave his hair a pull too.  
&quot;That remark earns you a spanking cheeky slave.&quot;  
&quot;Oh no sir. Please not that. Please finish me off first,&quot; I pleaded
  but already he was sitting up and pulling me over his lap. Probably if I'd
  struggled a bit more forcibly he would have stopped but I went along with it
  and only made a feeble protest. Soon I was lying across his body with his prick
  under my stomach, his left arm pressed my back down and 'Smack!' his right
  hand hit my arse hard! Harder than I expected. I cried out but before the sound
  had left my lips his hand left its mark on my other bum cheek. &quot;Stop,&quot; I
  yelled, &quot;You're really hurting me,&quot; but by that time I'd received
  two more hard slaps. Now I started to move myself off him but it was too late.
  My body was firmly held and he laid on about twenty smacks before he ceased.
  There were tears in my eyes by then but I suppose the pain really wasn't that
  bad. He massaged my bottom but didn't let me up for several minutes. I started
  swearing but he warned me that would earn me another session. I believed him.  
&quot;Calm down slave Jane. I've not really hurt you, only warmed your bum
  a bit. I just wanted you to know I could and would. You're still pretty wet
  between your legs so it hasn't done you any harm. Lie on your back now and
  get your legs up by your head. Put them on my shoulders when I get going.&quot; I
  could feel his hardness against my belly and yes, I was still very aroused
  and hadn't been allowed to cum. He helped to roll me over and I winced slightly
  as my bum bit the mattress. The position he wanted me in was one I enjoyed
  as the penetration would be deep and I could see what his prick would be doing.
  However, his prick was longer and fatter than any I'd had previously, so I
  wondered if it would cause me even more pain. Well it did and it didn't. There
  was some pain as he stretched me open and again when he bottomed out and hit
  the cervix. What pain there was, was more than compensated for by the arousal
  it caused. With his previous sucking, perhaps helped by the spanking and the
  friction of a tight prick in my cunt, I came almost immediately. Still he thrust
  into me. I came again. Jolts of pleasure ran through my body until I felt him
  loose his seed in the depths of my body. He collapsed on top of me and I lowered
  my legs but kept them scissored around his waist. We lay like that for perhaps
  ten minutes, both of us panting and sweating.  
&quot;Thank you sir.&quot; I spoke in my subdued slave mode voice. &quot;Thank
  you very much indeed.&quot; For a while we lay side by side, neither of us
  speaking but he had one arm around my shoulder and gently fondled my breasts
  with his hands.  
&quot;Do you really think I should shave my prick hair?&quot; he asked without
  preamble.  
&quot;Unless you would prefer me to do it for you sir!&quot; I hoped he wouldn't
  consider the remark cheeky enough to warrant another spanking but I had a feeling
  he only needed the merest excuse to do it last time.  
&quot;Perhaps I'll take you up on that offer.&quot; He smiled at me, &quot;Provided
  I get to shave you.&quot;  
&quot;Deal,&quot; I laughed.  
&quot;Come on then. No time like the present. We'll do it and then shower.&quot; Suiting
  actions to his words I was dragged into the bathroom and sat on a cork topped
  stool. From a cabinet he produced a pair of scissors and proceeded to shorten
  my abundant growth to a stubble. I kept very still but he was quite deft with
  them. Instead of the disposable razor I expected he took his electric shaver
  from the stand and started using it. It produced vibrations that started arousing
  me again even though a couple of times it caught a longer hair and gave it
  a tug. He noticed I was getting wet again. &quot;You really are a delightful
  and easily excitable sex pot. I'm glad you decided to come.&quot; .He gave
  my smooth mound a massage and thrust his finger inside me but took it out almost
  immediately. &quot;My turn for a shave. You be careful with those scissors.&quot;  
&quot;What? You don't want to get fat and talk with a high pitched voice?&quot; We
  both laughed. The hair around the base of his prick was easy to trim but I
  decided to do his balls as well. I don't think he expected that but he didn't
  say anything. Seemingly the vibrations had the same effect on him as they did
  me. In no time his prick raised its head and by the time I'd done pulling his
  balls about and shaving behind them, he was fully hard again. It looked even
  longer now the base wasn't hidden by hair.  
&quot;Stand against the wall,&quot; he ordered quietly. &quot;I once had
  a schoolgirl like this in a doorway. We were both only fourteen and it was
  her first time. It's not the best of positions but we managed. I'm going to
  have you like that now.&quot; Once again he entered me. Easily this time because
  I was still well lubricated with his previous load of sperm. He started pumping
  and then I put my arm around his neck and swung my feet off the floor and gripped
  them around his body. Now his hands held my tender arse cheeks and bounced
  me on his prick. It was strange, awkward but we both climaxed from doing it.
  I enjoyed the feel of his naked cock against my pubic mound and he said he
  did too. Eventually we showered, donned our dressing gowns and went into the
  kitchen for tea and a biscuit. It was still far too early to dress for our
  dinner date.  
&quot;We'll walk in the garden for a bit,&quot; he informed me but the sun
  had gone in and it was chilly in our gowns so we came back indoors.  
&quot;I wouldn't mind watching you work on your tapestry,&quot; I suggested
  tentatively in case we were still in master and slave mode but he was agreeable.
  Once inside the den, he pushed some books aside and thrust a box at me. &quot;Here,
  don't just watch, do some.&quot; It was a tapestry kit of a cocker spaniel. &quot;It
  was a prize for winning a competition years ago.&quot; For a couple of hours
  we sat and plied our needles through canvas and gossiped like two women would &ndash; except
  of course, he was one of my bosses! All too soon it seemed we had to dress
  and go to the Country Club.  
I have to admit we did look an elegant couple. He wore a cream suit with
  a red bow tie and I had the green dress that Miss Walters picked out for me. &quot;We
  ought to have our photo taken,&quot; I remarked as we stood together before
  a full-length mirror.  
&quot;We can do that on the digital,&quot; he answered and quickly pulled
  a tripod and camera out of the den and set it in the lounge.  
Minutes later I saw us and the pictures he took of me on my own, including
  a particularly good facial shot that caught me smiling, on the screen of his
  laptop. &quot;Wow, I really look a million dollars,&quot; I exclaimed.  
&quot;No, just like a thousand pound no sex slave,&quot; he laughed. We emailed
  the pictures to me so I would have copies on my computer.  
We had a fantastic evening with little hint of my being a slave girl except
  he ordered my food and wine. This irritated me slightly but I thought, &quot;I'm
  not paying the bill! And the food's better than I would have cooked at home!&quot; We
  watched a cabaret and danced a little but we were home before midnight. I slept
  naked in his bed but we were both too tired to do anything sexual apart from
  a little cuddle and kiss before dropping off to sleep.  
Next morning I woke as he got out of bed at what seemed to be his usual time,
  5 a.m. Blearily I opened my eyes and quickly shut them again. He didn't speak
  as he donned his dressing gown and went down stairs. At 6:30 he came into the
  bedroom with coffee, &quot;We leave at nine for Charnwood Forest. Wear your
  country gear. No need to shower. You'll sweat on the walk. I'll make breakfast
  in fifteen minutes, we can dress after that.&quot; Groaning at the early hour,
  I sat and sipped the coffee.  
The walk actually did me good, although eight miles with new shoes, even
  supposedly comfortable ones, caused a couple of blisters to form on my toes.
  The weather was perfect, the sun shone and cleared the mist away and there
  was just enough breeze to rustle the leaves and keep the temperature pleasantly
  cool. At first I could still feel the effects of the previous day's spanking
  but that disappeared after only a short while but it served to remind me of
  my status. We parked in the forecourt of a pub and returned there for lunch.
  David was right, I was soaked with sweat but was hungry enough to eat the roast
  dinner he ordered.  
&quot;Run a bath,&quot; David instructed when we returned, &quot;A soak will
  do you good. Put some Radox in. It's in the bottom cupboard.&quot; I'd already
  complained of sore thigh and calf muscles from the walk. Certainly I was not
  used to walking further than the town shops or in the last week, to the bus
  stop. He though took it in his stride and I guessed he often went for long
  walks as a form of relaxation. Perhaps he enjoyed being alone?  
I'd just settled myself nicely in the tub when he walked into the bathroom
  with two cups of tea and placing them on the side, undressed and slid in the
  tub behind me. That was a first for me. I'd often showered with my boyfriend
  but we rarely used the tub. Now he spooned me against him and put his arms
  around my body and played with my tits. Behind me, I could feel his prick becoming
  hard and I rightly guessed that I was again in slave mode. However, we didn't
  do anything until we'd finished our tea and then we only played with each other
  and kissed. Both of us were sufficiently aroused to fall into the bed afterwards
  and he shagged me good and hard.  
David cooked a light meal and afterwards spent an hour or so watching TV
  before we went again to his bedroom for the final sex session of the weekend.
  We finished at about 10:30 and afterwards he said, &quot;At midnight you're
  free of your weekend of trial slavery. Go to your own bed if you wish. Either
  way I will wake you at five so we can be on the road by six. We should arrive
  at Ipswich between nine and ten.&quot;  
&quot;You're driving me there?&quot; I queried.  
&quot;Yes. I'll do a snap inspection of your branch.&quot;  
During the drive I asked about the forthcoming two weeks I was to spend with
  him. &quot;Will I be punished like I was on Saturday?&quot;  
&quot;Depends. Probably worse. Saturday was only an excuse to smack your
  arse. I shall take a strap and a cane with me to Inverness.&quot;  
&quot;And you still expect me to go?&quot;  
&quot;Definitely. It will be a small price to pay for a holiday. A price
  you can afford and unless you are really objectionable, the pain won't last
  long.&quot;  
&quot;Why do you want to beat me?&quot;  
&quot;I suppose it gives me the feeling of power. Of being in control. I
  shall require a full service slave for the two weeks.&quot; I couldn't really
  get out of him what he meant by 'a full service slave'. Nor would he divulge
  the travel arrangements. &quot;I'll sort something out,&quot; was all he would
  say.  
Chapter 4. Back at work   
When we arrived at the office it was 9:45 and he wanted to see my department
  first. It certainly took the girls by surprise when I walked in wearing a brand
  new expensive outfit and leading one of the top directors by the hand. I introduced
  him to Sylvia and he talked to her about work for a short while. &quot;And
  these are my fellow call girls,&quot; I said waving my hand at the girls in
  the customer support centre. We often facetiously called ourselves 'call girls'.
  David particularly wanted to meet Matty. &quot;So you're the one responsible
  for offering her friend as a slave without telling her of the possible consequences,&quot; he
  chided her.  
Matty was not one to take any of the bosses too seriously. &quot;Yes, sir
  that was me. She'd only be doing boring cleaning work for a pittance if I hadn't.
  Now she comes in done up like the dog's dinner, with a grin a mile wide and
  leading the boss by the hand. I hope she didn't give you any trouble sir. I
  hope she remembered she was to be a slave.&quot;  
&quot;She remembered after her first chastisement,&quot; David answered to
  my utter amazement and consternation. I'd hoped to keep that to myself.  
They discussed me for a short while and then I had to take him to the branch
  manager. We stepped into his secretary's office and I tried to sound important. &quot;Mr.
  Furlough to see Mr. Rogers please.&quot;  
&quot;Have you an appointment?&quot; It was obvious she didn't know David's
  position in the firm.  
&quot;No I don't think he needs one. I'm sure Mr. Rogers will wish to see
  him.&quot;  
&quot;Well he is rather busy&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Just tell him I'm here,&quot; David said tersely. Something in his
  voice prodded her to do his bidding and shortly after Mr. Rogers came out and
  greeted David like an old friend. I left him there after he told me he'd bring
  my case up, or rather it was the case I'd borrowed from him, and my new clothes
  and say good bye before he left. The girls in the office were all keen to hear
  my story but Sylvia pointed to the pile of files on my desk and told me that
  I had work time to make up. At morning break I showed the girls the picture
  files of me in the green dress I'd emailed to myself and made them green with
  envy. The break was too short to talk of much else.  
At 12:15 David brought my dresses into the office and my case. He shook my
  hand, kissed my cheeks and then kissed me properly on the mouth, all in front
  of the others. During the lunch hour I showed everyone my spectacular green
  dress and tried to answer some of the questions concerning what I had done
  over the weekend. At least I was in a less depressed mood than I had been the
  previous week. Of course I had to open my case to show them the accessories
  I'd been bought to go with the dress and outfit. I opened the green handbag
  and to my surprise there was an envelope inside. Inside were ten &pound;20
  notes with a Postit label on top. &quot;This is not payment for services, it
  is just to tide you over till pay day.&quot;  
&quot;I don't usually get paid that much for my escort services,&quot; Kathy
  commented, &quot;I presume he ignored the 'no sex' thing.&quot;  
Of course I blushed and they all knew I'd slept with him. I didn't deny it.  
&quot;And you got spanked for not performing well enough,&quot; Matty laughed
  at me.  
&quot;For being cheeky,&quot; I answered before I realised that would confirm
  my spanking.  
&quot;Do we all get to see?&quot; the chorused but I refused. The redness
  had faded and somehow I wanted them to think it was worse than it was.  
Later I emailed David and thanked him for the money and I insisted I would
  repay it as soon as I could.  
Mid-afternoon I had a phone call from Mrs. Jenny Weatherspoon, head of accounts.
  Very rarely did anyone from accounts phone customer services and certainly
  not anyone as exalted as the head dog. I had a feeling David might have spoken
  to her. I'd mentioned in the car that she was the only one from the firm that
  lived out my way. I was right. &quot;Jane, Mr. Furlough spoke to me of your
  car problems this morning. Would you like a lift to and from work? I pass the
  end of your road and could easily pick you up. It would be nice to have company
  on the journey.&quot; I thanked her profusely. Things were looking up and all
  because Matty had made me put slave on my offer of services.  
David never phoned or emailed or communicated with me in any way and it wasn't
  until the Thursday before we were due to depart that I had any clue as to how
  we might be travelling. I'd thought that he would either come in his Rover
  and pick me up or I would be sent by delivery van to Walsall but on Thursday
  after lunch Matty came to me, &quot;Your boyfriend has booked himself and you
  into my barbecue party tomorrow. I thought you were going to be too busy to
  come or you were going to be in the Midlands or something.&quot;  
&quot;Seems a master likes to keep his plans from his slave,&quot; I joked.
  I'd already confided my worries about transport to her. &quot;Did he say any
  more than we were attending your party?&quot;  
&quot;Only that you would be leaving before the end as you were going to
  have an early start on Saturday.&quot;  
&quot;Well at least I won't be on the despatch note for the van!&quot;  
Matty took a couple of hours off on Friday afternoon so she wasn't there
  when David arrived a little before knocking off time. I quickly phoned Jenny
  and then finished clearing my desk ready for my holiday. The other girls of
  course gave me a hard time with their suggestions of what I might have to do
  while David went and talked with Mr. Rogers.  
Throughout the evening I tried to find out but to no avail how we would be
  travelling to Scotland but each time he answered, &quot;It nothing that a slave
  needs to worry about. Pack lightly, only underwear and toiletries and the stuff
  you bought in Walsall. Put them in the dress case in my boot. There's another
  couple in there I thought you might need. Can you put me up for the night?
  You're not a slave until tomorrow.&quot;  
&quot;Of course, provided you don't mind sharing a bed!&quot;  
I tried to return his &pound;200 but he refused to accept it. &quot;Keep
  it. You may hate me so badly by the end of the holiday, you'll be glad you
  took something from me,&quot; he seemed a little annoyed that I tried to return
  it. The party was enjoyable but my mind was elsewhere and in many ways I was
  glad we left early.  
Matty told me to behave myself when I said good bye to her as we left and
  then turned to David and said, &quot;She's a wilful girl so you'll need to
  keep her well under control. The girls will check her bottom when she gets
  back to see if you have!&quot; I'd not told her about David saying he would
  use a strap and a cane so she would only be expecting to see I'd had a spanking.
  I shivered at the thought that I might well go home with a painful striped
  bum.  
Chapter 5. To Scotland   
As we climbed into bed he casually remarked, &quot;We're getting up at five,
  taxi is due here at six.&quot;  
&quot;Typical of the man,&quot; I thought grimly, &quot;Thinks I can just
  throw a few things together and take off.&quot; Actually almost everything
  was packed. From his mention of a taxi I guessed we were flying to Scotland.
  Sure enough the taxi took us to Stansted and a few hours later after a flight
  in first class accommodation we were in Inverness and a hire Rangerover was
  waiting. We called at a local supermarket for supplies and then drove in pouring
  rain to a secluded holiday cabin set in woodland, ten or so miles outside the
  city. The sight of it made me very nervous. David could do anything he wanted
  to me here and I would find it difficult to attract any attention and, unlike
  the house in Walsall, I wouldn't find another house I could run to just a hundred
  yards down the road.  
My first impression was that the house was dark and foreboding. There was
  no power on, therefore no heat or light and with the dark clouds and sheeting
  rain, the place was gloomy to say the least. For a few moments I stood almost
  riveted to the hall floor and literally shook with fear. David seeing this,
  put the bags he was carrying on the floor and gave me a bear hug. &quot;Calm
  yourself Jane.&quot; He kissed me and held me tight for several minutes until
  my shaking ceased, then ordered, &quot;Slave start to bring the stuff in from
  the car while I see about the power. A card lay on the hall table giving the
  necessary information and by the time I returned with the third load, the lights
  were on and David had put the electric fire on in the lounge. The situation
  now looked much more cheerful. &quot;I found two fan heaters and I've put one
  on in the kitchen and the other in the bedroom to warm them up a bit. There
  are storage heaters but they won't cut in until tonight. According to the Guestbook
  it was hot up here last week so they turned them off.&quot;  
It was not until after we'd had a meal and cleared away that I was put into
  real slave mode. We'd gone into the bedroom to start unpacking and putting
  our clothing into the wardrobes. By then we'd both removed our main clothing
  and only wore our dressing gowns. &quot;There's a special outfit in the dress
  case for you to wear while in the house,&quot; David informed me, &quot;Put
  it on now.&quot; Of course it, or rather they, as there were two of them, were
  on the bottom. I put all the others away as I lifted each of them out and halfway
  down, I found the cane and tawse. Tears welled in my eyes when I saw them and
  I looked at David, &quot;Yes,&quot; he said, &quot;I will use them if necessary
  but I won't be a brutal master.&quot;  
&quot;You hope I give you cause to use them!&quot;  
&quot;Yes and no. In some ways I want to punish you and yet I don't want
  to hurt you. I know that doesn't make much sense but there it is. Hang them
  in the wardrobe where you can get them easily when required.&quot; His statement
  did little to reassure me.  
Further down I came to two outfits in a pale blue mesh material. By the way
  I could see my hands through it when I took the first one from the case, I
  knew it would be virtually transparent on me. &quot;Put it on,&quot; he ordered
  again. I slipped off the gown and picked up the outfit. It was not unlike a
  tracksuit in design. A loose fitting top with full-length sleeves and elasticated
  cuffs; and loose fitting pants with legs that finished halfway between knees
  and ankles. At first I thought there was a fault in the manufacture as the
  seams under my crotch parted but I soon realised that was intentional. David
  could fuck me without removing them. When I looked in the mirror, I knew I
  was right about the transparency. All the material did was to give a sort of
  soft focus effect to my body form. My nipples and aureoles showed very clearly.  
&quot;You haven't shaved since the other weekend.&quot; I knew he'd noticed
  last night, as it was not very visible now from where he stood.  
&quot;No sir. I thought you would prefer to have the pleasure of doing it
  with your electric razor.&quot;  
&quot;So you would get the pleasure from the vibrations more like!&quot; I
  nodded knowing this was true. &quot;And I suppose you want the pleasure of
  shaving me too?&quot; Again I nodded my agreement, now all to conscious of
  the punishment instruments in the wardrobe.  
&quot;Look in the accessories case to see what you will wear with the slave
  dress. In the red plastic bag.&quot; Inside I found a lovely pair of blue slippers
  but also several items I wasn't so keen on. On top was a leather collar with
  a silver plate inscribed with my name, soft ankle and wrist cuffs with rings
  and clasps and a penis gag. He fastened them on for me and we stood in front
  of the wardrobe mirror. &quot;There,&quot; he said, &quot;You are beginning
  to look like a real slave now,&quot; he laughed. Gagged I couldn't reply but
  I could feel myself becoming aroused. &quot;Matty had better have a picture
  of you like this.&quot;  
&quot;No!&quot; I shook my head vigorously but desisted when he glared and
  said, &quot;I hope you are not trying to refuse. Or are you asking for me to
  try out the strap?&quot; I looked downcast. He took me to the hallway where
  the light was a little better and the newel post at the foot of the stairs
  went from floor to ceiling. &quot;Stand in front of the post and put your hands
  above your head and behind the post.&quot; David ordered. When I complied he
  clipped the cuffs together. &quot;Open your legs a bit.&quot; I longed to scream
  at him but was powerless to do anything except obey. &quot;Hold that position
  while I get the camera.&quot; Soon he returned and took a number of pictures
  from various angles, with and without using flash. Finally he released me and
  took the gag out.  
We looked at the pictures on his laptop. Two were particularly revealing.
  One using only the natural light coming from the door showed the material in
  all its transparency. The other, a flash picture, again showed how seemingly
  transparent the material was especially where my nipples pushed the material
  forward but this time the light from the flash glinted off the tear running
  down my cheek. I looked like a archetypal bewildered slave. &quot;Please David,&quot; I
  pleaded, &quot;Don't send them to Matty. They'll be all round every office
  within a hour.&quot;  
&quot;Do you have her home email then? I saw she had a computer when I used
  the toilet at her house.&quot; I gave him it and asked him to add a note not
  to show them around. I doubted it would make much difference. Matty did what
  she wanted. Probably she'd put them on a floppy and take them in to work. He
  cc'd them to me as well so I would have a copy to remember the occasion.  
For a while we sat together on the settee in front of the electric fire because
  the weather was chilly for May. &quot;Suck me while I think what to do about
  your reluctance to conform to my wishes. You have got to learn that a slave
  can have no opinions of her own. You must do as you are told however humiliating
  or embarrassing it might be.&quot; It wasn't long before he spurted in my mouth
  but he still held my head to his groin. No doubt seeing me naked and sexily
  dressed had aroused him before I started.  
&quot;I've decided,&quot; he said, at last allowing me to sit alongside him. &quot;I
  shall start a system of awarding black marks and at the end of the day or a
  time which I deem suitable, I will tot up the marks and give you one hand spank
  for each black mark. If the total for the day is more than twenty, I will use
  the strap on the ratio of one whack with the strap for every three black marks
  rounded up to the nearest number divisible by three. The cane will be reserved
  for offences I deem too serious to be dealt with by the strap.&quot; I looked
  very concerned but kept my mouth shut. &quot;This way I can award black marks
  when we are in places that I cannot deal with you immediately. You will also
  have some idea of the punishment you will receive at the end of the day. For
  today's indiscretions, I will only award six black marks. Had the scheme been
  in proper operation, you would have received that number for at least one of
  the offences. Do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir,&quot; I answered knowing I was not going to change his mind.  
&quot;Good. Now we'll come out of slave mode for a few minutes and you can
  have your say on it without getting into any more trouble.&quot;  
After thinking for a short while I came up with a suggestion. &quot;David
  I doubt if you are going to change your mind on the punishment scheme and abandon
  it altogether, I know you are dying to have me across your lap or wherever
  and make me squeal while you delight in reddening my arse.&quot;  
&quot;I shan't confine it to just your arse,&quot; David interrupted.  
&quot;Oh God no!&quot; It was a good job I was not a slave for those moments.
  After a pause I went on, &quot;If you can award black marks you should also
  be able to award white ones for good service. White ones should cancel out
  the black marks. Like just now, if you thought I gave you a good blowjob, then
  you could award say three white marks so I would only have three black ones
  on my punishment slate for tonight. It will encourage me to do my best to service
  you.&quot; We discussed this and a later suggestion of mine that he have a
  table of marks for the various offences I might commit but he reserved to right
  to award the marks arbitrarily. From his insistence on that point, I guessed
  I would always end up with more black marks than white ones at the end of the
  day. Still I did win a little concession. Soon I was in slave mode again and
  he refused to award any white points for my blowjob saying he'd let me off
  enough black marks already.  
About eight o'clock, there was a knock on the door. &quot;Answer it,&quot; David
  ordered. I was about to flee to the bedroom because of my near nakedness. &quot;Another
  six!&quot; I knew what he meant but still I hesitated and the knock came again. &quot;Six
  more!&quot; If I hesitated any longer it would be eight strokes of the strap.  
I walked to the door, knowing full well I was blushing like mad and opened
  it. It was the house caretaker. &quot;Do you have everything you need miss?&quot; His
  eyes opened wide when he saw my attire. &quot;Is everything working alright?&quot;  
My mind raced almost as fast as my heart but my training in customer services
  must have come to the fore. &quot;Please come in. I think Mr. Furlough would
  prefer to answer you himself. He's paying the rent.&quot; I showed him into
  the lounge, David had fastened his gown again by this time. They exchanged
  pleasantries and David confirmed that things should be alright when the heaters
  cut in overnight.&quot;  
&quot;Aye,&quot; the Scotsman replied, &quot;The last lot were health freaks
  and the weather was canny and warm. Only changed when ya come. Sho' be better
  agin the morn. If all's okay I'll let ya folks git on wi' what ya doin'.&quot;  
David laughed when the man left. &quot;Well what were we doing? I guess he
  would normally expect to be invited in for a dram or two of whiskey. I'm glad
  you saved me from that. Six white ones. You did some very quick thinking there.
  Pity you didn't do it immediately.&quot;  
We sat watching the fire and cuddling for a while and then David ordered
  me to make the hot chocolate that he liked before bed. It was still only nine
  o'clock but it had been a long day and we were both tired. I hoped he would
  ignore my punishment for the day but in that I was disappointed. &quot;Undress
  and lie over the end of the bed,&quot; he ordered when I returned from taking
  the mugs to the kitchen. I pleaded with my eyes but kept my mouth shut. &quot;Twelve
  smacks shouldn't be too bad,&quot; I reasoned, not wanting to add to the number.
  After clipping my wrist cuffs to my collar he spread my legs and I knew my
  sex was fully exposed because he rubbed it and complained about the stubble. &quot;You
  will definitely remove that in the morning,&quot; he growled. &quot;No screaming.
  If I have to gag you, I'll start all over again.&quot;  
For some reason he didn't hit all that hard. Just hard enough to sting and
  redden my bottom and get me aroused so I was pleased when he entered and took
  me doggy style. He pounded hard and fast at first and then slowed until I orgasmed
  before picked up the pace again and shooting his load inside me. I thanked
  him and sucked his prick clean.  
Next morning he shook me awake. It was seven o'clock and as usual he had
  been up for a couple of hours. The sun shone through the open curtains. &quot;Wake
  up,&quot; he said, &quot;A quick fuck, breakfast and then we're going walking.&quot; He
  was already erect so he entered without any preliminaries and fucked me until
  he came. Although I became aroused he withdrew before I climaxed which disappointed
  me but I didn't complain. We spent a very pleasant morning wandering along
  the glens but by lunchtime my feet were sore. I had worn my walking shoes several
  times to work but they weren't really broken in and by the time we arrived
  back I again had blisters. The shoes got very wet from the wet vegetation and
  David said that would soften them and help them mould to my feet. Fortunately
  the only part of my slave costume I had to wear was my collar and that was
  fairly inconspicuous. None of the walkers we met seemed to notice it.  
On our return we showered and shaved together and once more I was in slave
  mode. David accessed his email. Of course there was one to me from Matty. &quot;The
  costume really suits you!! Perhaps it should be your dress for the office,
  then we could really order you around!!! Hope your botty isn't too sore to
  sit because you are such a naughty girl!!!&quot; Matty like using exclamation
  marks.  
&quot;Sir would you mind if I reply?&quot; He nodded. &quot;The costume should
  be standard uniform for ALL the call-girls. We are all slaves in that office.
  Silvia would love to keep a strap behind the door just to keep you in order!&quot;  
&quot;Unjustly maligning the company, six black marks,&quot; David grinned.
  I knew and he knew that wasn't fair and I was about to retort but just in time
  remembered to bite back the words.  
Chapter 6. Visitors   
We made a light lunch and ate it in the garden. I prayed that neither the
  caretaker nor anyone else paid us a visit because in the bright sunlight, I
  was as good as naked. My prayers were not heeded. A young couple on a walking
  holiday stopped at the house and saw us sitting under the umbrella in the back
  garden. They waved and then came through the gate. &quot;Would you mind if
  we fill our&hellip;&quot; The boy stopped in mid-sentence when he saw me and
  then carried on, &quot;Would you mind if we filled our water-bottles please?&quot; Both
  the boy and girl were now staring at me.  
&quot;Jane, would you fill their water-bottles for them please.&quot; I replied
  with, &quot;Yes sir.&quot; While walking earlier I had planned how I would
  deal with a situation such as this and decided the only way was to brazen it
  out and make it seem like nothing out of the ordinary. I would also to try
  and indicate I was only working to orders; orders which I was forced to obey.  
&quot;And put the kettle on, I'm sure they'd welcome a cup of tea. And bring
  some biscuits too.&quot; As I went indoors I heard him tell the couple to pull
  up a couple of chairs. By the time I returned they were chatting amicably to
  David about their holiday. I poured their tea when it was ready and although
  I tried not to, I knew I kept blushing because they just couldn't stop themselves
  from appraising my body so revealingly displayed under the mesh fabric.  
&quot;Are you really a slave?&quot; Sandra, the girl blurted out, &quot;You
  seem really embarrassed wearing that see-through costume.&quot;  
&quot;I am for the next two weeks,&quot; I told her and David explained that
  he'd bought me at a charity auction.  
&quot;And do you have to do everything he wants, I mean like&hellip;&quot; Sandra
  stopped obviously realising she was asking too personal a question.  
&quot;Everything short of murder.&quot;  
&quot;Ands if you refuse?&quot; Sandra seemed compelled to go on.  
&quot;I get spanked or worse.&quot; John, her boyfriend was looking a little
  red in the face, perhaps he hoped the ground would open and swallow him. He
  had that 'I'm not with her', look. As often happens in mountainous areas, one
  moment the sun is shining and then suddenly clouds swoop down the mountains
  and it is raining.  
&quot;I think we'd better go and head for the hostel before it gets worse,&quot; John
  said to Sandra, &quot;It's still eight or nine miles away.&quot;  
&quot;There's a spare room here if you want to spend the night in reasonable
  comfort.&quot; I could have killed David for that offer. &quot;There's plenty
  of food and stuff, isn't there Jane?&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps we could just shelter from the rain for a bit,&quot; Sandra
  suggested, &quot;We don't want to interrupt your&hellip; fun.&quot;  
&quot;It might add to it,&quot; David grinned, &quot;But by all means come
  inside and see if the weather lifts.&quot; It didn't. It got worse and even
  I didn't wish them to leave in such conditions. For a while we chatted in the
  lounge but then David said, &quot;You're not going to move from here tonight,
  you'd better show them the room Jane.&quot;  
John agreed. &quot;The shortest way, is over the mountain but that will be
  too dangerous in this weather and it's too far to go by the road unless we
  were lucky enough to thumb a lift before we got drenched.&quot; I knew John
  was having a good look at my bald cunt through the open crotch of my pants
  as I led the way up the stairs. By now I was almost inured to the stares, perhaps
  even exhibiting myself a little but I could see Sandra was somewhat embarrassed
  by it.  
Later she volunteered to help me prepare dinner and as we scraped potatoes
  I could tell she wanted to say something but was holding back. &quot;Is my
  behaviour shocking you?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;Only a little,&quot; she replied.  
&quot;Are you expecting David to make you a slave too and rape you?&quot; She
  looked up and I saw concern on her face. &quot;Don't worry, he won't do it.
  He's paid a lot of money for me.&quot; Further questioning elicited the fact
  that she was sixteen and John was seventeen although the age difference was
  actually only four months. They'd been going out together for nearly a year
  and their parents approved of their choice of partner. Still I could tell she
  was keeping something back. &quot;What is it Sandra?&quot; I asked, &quot;I
  know you're worried about something.&quot;  
&quot;It's John. It's me. We've&hellip; I've never done it&hellip;We've never
  slept together.&quot;  
&quot;Well you don't have to do it now unless you want to. If John forces
  you, yell at the top of your voice. However, if we hear low moans and it sounds
  as though you're enjoying yourselves, we'll leave you alone. You'll no doubt
  hear things from our room. Probably me being smacked at first.&quot; I grinned
  and went on, &quot;Are you protected?&quot; She shook her head. &quot;Has John
  condoms?&quot;  
&quot;I don't think so. We were supposed to spend every night in a Youth
  Hostel and they keep the sexes separate.&quot;  
&quot;Do you feel you would like to have sex with John?&quot; Sandra blushed
  deeply. &quot;I guess the answer is, yes, but you're not sure and a little
  afraid.&quot; Her little smile gave the answer. &quot;I don't think David brought
  condoms either because he knows I'm on the pill. Whatever you do, don't have
  sex without them. It would be more than a little disastrous for you to go home
  pregnant. I'll see what David says.&quot;  
After dinner while John went to the loo, I spoke to David, &quot;Sir, may
  your slave have a few words with you in private on a matter of some concern
  to our guests?&quot; We went into the bedroom and I explained the situation. &quot;You're
  right in that I didn't bring condoms. What say we go to the Gleneagle Arms
  for a drink, there are usually vending machines with them in those places.&quot; We
  only spent an hour there and John bought the necessary protection. I spent
  a few minutes with Sandra in the ladies. &quot;Only do it if you want to Sandra.
  Don't let John force you. I can see you two love each other so that shouldn't
  be a problem. Take your time and get to know each other first. Cuddle and kiss
  like you've no doubt done before but this time, it will probably naked flesh
  to naked flesh.&quot; I felt like a mother hen with all the advice I was giving
  out. She thanked me and said, &quot;We talked about doing it several times
  but either there wasn't the opportunity or we chickened out. Perhaps tonight
  will really be the right time.&quot;  
&quot;Twelve smacks,&quot; David announced when we were alone, &quot;Leave
  the door ajar.&quot;  
&quot;Please sir, how did I earn the extra six? Please tell me so I do not
  make the same mistake again.&quot; I tried to make it sound like I wasn't querying
  his counting but I thought I'd only earned half a dozen.  
David smiled condescendingly, &quot;You didn't earn them. I'll take them
  off tomorrow's total. I just wanted the two lovebirds to hear you squeal.&quot; And
  squeal I certainly did. They were not false cries either. David made sure of
  that. &quot;Lie across the middle of the bed,&quot; he ordered. The bed was
  of the divan type with six stubby legs, two at the foot and head and two more
  under the middle for support where the two halves joined. I didn't expect more
  than a token spanking when, like the previous night, he clipped the wrist cuffs
  together. Only when he took two neckties already knotted together in one length
  from the nightstand drawer and fastened one end to the cuffs and the other
  to one of the middle legs so my arms were stretched out, did I foresee he'd
  planned to hit my arse very hard.  
&quot;David, Sir,&quot; I began pleading, &quot;Not too hard please sir.
  I wasn't really bad today.&quot;  
&quot;Good,&quot; he whispered, &quot;Keep pleading. I guess they're listening
  now.&quot; He thought I was acting! &quot;Open your legs wide,&quot; he ordered, &quot;Wider
  girl!&quot; he shouted. I complied.  
His first smack resounded like a gunshot through the house. I yelled but
  hardly had the sound finished echoing around the walls when my other bum cheek
  took a similar hard hit. Mercifully the next ten although hard, were not as
  punishing as those first two, Nevertheless he had me sobbing and wailing. I
  was about to call him every name I could think of and demand my release when
  he muttered quietly as if he read my mind, &quot;Don't even think about it.
  I could easily repeat the exercise.&quot; He released the tie from my wrist
  but left them cuffed. &quot;Lie on you back with your legs spread. I'm ready
  to fuck you now.&quot; He ploughed into me at first but then slowed down and
  took his time and tried to bring me to an orgasm before he climaxed. In that
  he succeeded. Afterwards he cuddled me until my sobs subsided and we lay quiet.
  From the other room we heard muffled giggles and whispers and after what seemed
  an age, the creaking of the bedsprings.  
I stirred when David got up at five and winced as my bottom hit the mattress
  when I tried to turn over. Seeing I was awake David returned to the bed and
  played with my breasts and pubic area until I was dripping wet. &quot;Do it,&quot; I
  demanded quietly.  
&quot;Do what slave?&quot;  
&quot;Fuck me please, sir.&quot; He did. Again we heard murmuring from the
  other room and guessed our activities had woken the lovebirds. Soon we heard
  the rhythmic sounds of their bed.  
&quot;You can lie in till seven, then come down for breakfast,&quot; he said
  magnanimously.  
Sandra and John came down about that time too and ate with us. In response
  to my question when we were washing the dishes, Sandra said she was a little
  sore but it felt wonderful and thanked me for allowing them to do it together.
  I said, &quot;I'm more than a little sore too but I guess my soreness is in
  a different place to yours.&quot;  
She looked worried, &quot;Why do you let him do it? Why not just up and leave?&quot;  
&quot;I agreed to be his slave but I suppose that is not the real answer.
  In a perverse way I think I enjoy it. Not the actual spanking, that hurts,
  make no mistake about that, but the loving that follows is usually very good.
  Also the life of luxury I live for the fortnight, contrasts with my lack of
  funds in my normal life.&quot;  
David checked my blisters and put Elastoplasters on two of them. &quot;We'll
  walk a little way along the path with John and Sandra and then turn back,&quot; he
  told me. They had planned an alternative route to their next hostel. It was
  eighteen miles but they'd done that far in a day before so if the weather held
  it would not be a problem. It was obvious from their easy strides we would
  hold them back so when we reached the top of the valley we said good bye and
  both Sandra and John gave me a kiss and thanked us again for the hospitality.  
We returned to the house by a round about way and I bathed my sore feet in
  salt water. David had brought a small piece of tapestry to work on and I had
  the cocker spaniel kit so most of the afternoon was spent working on them.
  I didn't earn any black marks that day and the six, I got the following day
  when we made and excursion to Inverness, were negated by the extras I'd had
  while we had visitors.  
Chapter 7. The coach trip   
David's conference started on the Thursday. We had to register before eleven
  and I was pleased to learn that there were visits and bus trips organised for
  the wives, the first was a coach trip along the Great Glen, that afternoon.
  It seemed to amuse some of the other wives that were registering and chatting
  in the foyer, that I had to ask David's permission to go. When he agreed, I
  had to ask for a little money to take with me in case there were other expenses
  to be paid. In front of everyone he gave me &pound;20, obviously a measly amount
  in the eyes of my companions on the trip. I knew he'd done that deliberately. &quot;Don't
  spend it on junk from the gifts shops,&quot; he said loudly as he handed over
  the money.  
&quot;Your husband sounded like he is very tight with his money,&quot; Doreen
  Caseby a director's wife from and another insurance company remarked as we
  sat together on the coach.  
I decided not to concoct a story. I'm not his wife. I just agreed to be his
  slave for a fortnight to raise funds for charity.&quot; I spoke the words boldly
  knowing the ladies in the surrounding seats would hear. Before many minutes
  had passed the whole coach knew of my status.  
Doreen tried to find out more. &quot;What do you do for a living then?&quot; she
  asked in a seemingly genuine way.  
&quot;Customer support at Henderson Insurance Company. We say we're call-girls.&quot; Possibly
  I said that a little louder as I was laughing. Doreen took it as a joke too
  but the two elderly ladies in front of us turned round and scowled.  
&quot;A trollop like you didn't ought to be on a coach with decent respectable
  people,&quot; one of them snorted.  
&quot;My master paid just as much as your husband for me to go so I have
  every right to be here.&quot; I tried to sound indignant but the woman just
  turned and faced the front.  
&quot;Don't make an enemy of her, Jane,&quot; Doreen whispered, &quot;She
  exercises a lot of influence. Her husband is James Burke the CEO of Rankine
  Holdings.&quot; For the rest of the journey I chatted quietly with my companion
  and she tactfully tried to find out what David and I actually did together
  as master and slave.  
&quot;Did you offer your services as a slave last year?&quot;  
&quot;No, I just offered to do fifteen hours of housework.&quot;  
&quot;Why did you offer this year then?&quot;  
&quot;It was one of my workmates who suggested I would earn more for charity
  if I offered fifteen hours as a slave. It was done as a lark.&quot;  
&quot;You've done many more than that.&quot;  
&quot;David made me an offer I couldn't refuse. An offer that will benefit
  the air ambulance service and guide dogs for the blind considerably.&quot; I
  spoke a little louder so the two in front could hear.  
&quot;How does he treat you?&quot;  
&quot;Like a master should treat his slave.&quot;  
&quot;Does he punish you?&quot; I hesitated and Doreen looked into my face
  and she knew the answer without me saying it. &quot;Sorry,&quot; she apologised, &quot;I'm
  always a bit nosy and what you two do together should be private. Let's enjoy
  the scenery.&quot;  
We stopped in Fort William had had tea and cream scones so I was glad I had
  some money although in the end I didn't need it. Doreen picked up the bill.
  Then it was on to a highland gift shop and there were a number of things I
  would have liked and would have bought if I'd had my own money, but I heeded
  David's warning. A couple of the ladies ribbed me a bit over not buying anything
  but as there was no malice in it, I laughed too and made light of it.  
David's day had been far from pleasing. Boring in fact. Some young upstart
  had put forward some of his bright but impractical ideas; ideas some of the
  top men in the industry couldn't seem to see through even when David had put
  forward his arguments against them.  
That evening was the President's dinner and dance. A glittering affair with
  all the ladies bedecked in their finery and showing off their expensive jewellery.
  However, and I can say this unashamedly, I believe I was the most glamorous
  one there, and I was probably the youngest. I wore the slinky green dress Miss
  Walters had chosen for me. Unlike the others, I wore no jewels, only my slave
  collar adorned my neck, I didn't have an expensive hair do and I put on very
  little make up. Perhaps it was because of this that I outshone the others and
  was often asked to dance. It only served to reinforce the low opinion Mrs.
  Burke and some of the others had of me. I thoroughly enjoyed myself and went
  to bed tired by happy.  
Next day for the ladies an all day trip to John O'Groats, on the north-east
  corner of Scotland, had been arranged. David willingly paid for me to go and
  gave me an extra &pound;20 because I would have to buy lunch in an expensive
  hotel and tea on the way back. It was a long and tortuous route and the sheeting
  rain for most of the way depressed our spirits. Unfortunately the ladies seemed
  to have decided that the places they sat for the trip to Fort William were
  the ones they were to sit in for this trip. I didn't mind sitting next to Doreen
  again but I'd hoped to move further away from Mrs. Burke. I think she would
  have liked to have moved too but that would have upset the seating arrangement
  of others.  
We should have stayed for while and stretched our legs at our destination
  but the rain was too heavy to think about getting out of the coach. I got up
  and went to the on-board loo and on returning had to pass Mrs. Burke. She glared
  at me and said in her loud, dominating voice, &quot;I do hope we are not going
  to see you flaunting your body and trying to seduce all the men again this
  evening.&quot;  
Anger flared within me. &quot;Madam, if I had really tried to seduce those
  men, I would have at least satisfied them which is probably more than you could
  have done even twenty years ago!&quot; For a few moments there was complete
  silence in the coach. All, except the very hard of hearing, sat aghast at my
  reply to such a supposedly important woman. Probably there would have been
  a further response from her had not Doreen grabbed my arm and pulled me down
  into my seat.  
&quot;Don't start an argument,&quot; she whispered, &quot;She can make things
  bad for you.&quot; I saw she had a little smile on her face. &quot;That remark
  will make the rounds in the gossip circles for a long while yet.  
For the final banquet of the seminar I wore a very attractive blue dress
  that Miss Walters had picked out for me. It uplifted my breasts and dipped
  down to reveal more of my cleavage that I would have wished but I hadn't chosen
  the dress. I guessed the Burke contingent would undoubtedly say I was flaunting
  my body but I had no choice in the matter. I still wore the slave collar and
  several men seemed to think I was a slave to them too and on a number of occasions
  my buttocks were felt and pinched. While dancing with an elderly director,
  I noticed Mrs. Burke talking earnestly to David. I rightly guessed she was
  complaining about my behaviour and wondered what if anything, he would do about
  it. After all I argued, I wasn't indentured to her as a slave.  
When I sat down again, I decided to ask, &quot;Did Mrs. Burke complain about
  me?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, and in no uncertain terms and her friends also added their two
  cents worth. Have you anything to tell me about it?&quot;  
&quot;Well sir, I didn't believe I was a slave to them and they tried to
  make out I was a whore trying to seduce their men folk. Ask Doreen Caseby if
  you wish a more unbiased view of what happened.&quot;  
&quot;Jane, although you are not a slave to them, you are my slave and as
  such I have the right to expect that you behave as such in front of my friends
  and acquaintances. Yes, I will have a word with Doreen because I expect the
  true version of the events has already been well and truly exaggerated.&quot; Doreen
  came over without being asked. She heard from the others what Mrs. Burke had
  told David and put my case fairly and ended up by saying, &quot;If she had
  said that to me, I would have punched the woman and made her nose bleed!&quot;  
David didn't say any more about it that evening and I hoped it had all blown
  over but next morning James Burke and his cronies had a word with David. Somehow
  I think they were able to put some pressure on him to deal with what they saw
  as my insolence. There were informal meetings until lunchtime on Saturday which
  David said on the way back to the cottage, were the most productive of the
  whole conference so he seemed in a better mood but I had an uneasy feeling
  he was keeping something hidden from me. He never mentioned the incident again
  which I also thought was a little odd but shut it out of my mind too. Right
  up until bedtime I thought I was getting away with it, but when I was undressed
  and ready to get into bed David ordered me to lie across it and ready myself
  for a spanking.  
When he said 'spanking' and started tying my cuffs to the bed leg, I thought
  that I would be getting another tanning like the one I had when Sandra and
  John were there. &quot;Perhaps it won't be too bad,&quot; I thought but when
  he forced the penis gag into my mouth I began to be more afraid and as it turned
  out, with good reason.  
David went to the wardrobe and took out the strap and the cane. &quot;We
  nearly lost a good contract because of you,&quot; he said ominously quietly, &quot;And
  in fact whether we get it or not depends on if I deal with your behaviour properly,
  or properly as the Burke's see it. They wanted two dozen with the cane but
  I argued and we've agreed on a dozen with the strap and a dozen with the cane.
  I'm really sorry I've got to do this but you should have heeded Doreen's warning
  on that first afternoon.&quot;  
Hearing this I struggled and writhed on the bed as much as I could. At least
  he would know of my objections. Spanking was one thing, the cane was a whole
  different ball game. Eventually he had to tie my ankles to the bed legs so
  I was widely spread and totally helpless. I sobbed dejectedly. &quot;What right
  had this man to punish me for standing up to that bitch? Bastard! Bastard!
  Bastard!&quot; I yelled to myself. I saw him pick up the leather strap and
  swish it in the air and the heard and felt the slap as it landed hard across
  my arse. I would have screamed at the top of my voice had I been able. All
  I could do was jerk and writhe as far as my bonds allowed. Tears flowed down
  my face and soaked the bedclothes. I pleaded with my eyes but it made no difference,
  the second stroke fell and the pain and fire coursed through my body. I didn't
  believe I could ever stand a dozen like that, but somehow I did. The whole
  of my arse and the back of my thighs was just one sore and swollen blister,
  or so I thought.  
I saw David's face when he picked up the cane. It looked wild, his eyes were
  wide open and his lips were parted in an evil looking grin. &quot;The sod's
  getting off on this,&quot; I fumed, &quot;I don't think he is even in control
  of himself.&quot; I was really scared now. Perhaps he wouldn't stop until he'd
  permanently scarred me.  
If the pain from the strap was bad, the cane was far, far worse. I was certain
  he'd cut me and I was bleeding. Relentlessly he applied stroke after stroke.
  I lost count and just prayed to pass out but I didn't. Eventually he threw
  the cane down and sadistically rammed his prick inside and fucked me for only
  a few minutes until he came. Almost immediately a change came over him and
  he seemed to return to being a normal person. &quot;Oh my God Jane, what have
  I done to you? What was I thinking of? I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.&quot;  
He didn't release me but went and wet some towels with cold water and laid
  them across my welted flesh. All the time he kept apologising for his actions.
  First he released my feet, then my gag and finally he undid my cuffs from the
  bed leg although he didn't take them off. I was sobbing hysterically as he
  led me to the shower and made me kneel in the pan. He unhooked the showerhead
  and played the water directly over my arse. I was quite surprised not to see
  any blood. The shower eased the pain slightly and after a while he helped me
  to stand while he gently dried me and then assisted me to lie face down on
  the bed. I was still crying with the pain and took the Cuprophen tablets that
  I was offered. A little later I heard the click of a camera shutter and looking
  over my shoulder saw he was taking photos of my welted bum. My first reaction
  was to scream at him for being a perverted bastard but I was too weary from
  the pain and trauma. All I said was, &quot;Please don't sir.&quot;  
Sleep for me that night was almost non-existent and I know it was for him
  too. My crying kept him awake and although he tried to comfort me with his
  arms I tried not to acknowledge his existence. For long hours I lay awake and
  planned what I should do. I would have to stay her at least until the end of
  the week because I would never have been able to sit long enough for the car
  journey and plane flight. &quot;I'm pretty sure he won't dare touch me again,&quot; I
  reasoned, &quot;Perhaps the best thing for me to do now is to do the things
  he orders and nothing more. No making meals or speaking unless specifically
  told to do so. If he decides to fuck me, I'll let him but just lie they like
  a sack of wet potatoes. A silent protest of sorts.&quot;  
As usual he got up at five and hearing him pee made me want to go too. I
  knew it would be very painful and I didn't really feel like moving my muscles
  to get out of bed. In the position they were in, the pain had eased down but
  it was still pretty awful. I struggled out of bed and painfully made my way
  to the bathroom. When I entered David asked, &quot;Would you like me to help
  you?&quot;  
&quot;If you wish to sir,&quot; I replied. He supported me under my arms
  while I supported myself on my hands.  
&quot;How are you this morning?&quot;  
&quot;As well as can be expected sir.&quot; So the conversation went on with
  my adding sir to every short sentence.  
&quot;Jane I am releasing you from being my slave as of now. I am so sorry
  for what I did to you. I got carried away. Please forgive me.&quot;  
&quot;I promised to be your slave for two weeks sir. I will not break that
  promise sir.&quot;  
My relationship with David stayed cool for the rest of the day. I spent as
  much time as I could laying on the bed. Unfortunately it was a Sunday and David
  doubted the shops would be open on the Sabbath in Scotland to get any cream
  to put on my arse. He went anyway and found a small supermarket open and brought
  back a tube of burn cream. He applied it gently and it seemed to soothe me
  a little.  
In the afternoon David fired up his laptop and started typing.  
'James,  
I did indeed thrash Jane as we planned and I am now thoroughly ashamed and
  disgusted with myself for having hurt her so terribly and I will do all I can
  to make amends. I now realise that your wife was at least as much to blame
  for the incident as Jane was. Had she treated my slave as a person and not
  as a sub-human and beneath her dignity, none of this would have happened and
  I would still have a loyal and pleasing slave. Now she can only lie about in
  great pain.  
I did photograph her bottom shortly after I cleaned her last night but I
  am not sending you a copy until I have seen a picture of your wife's in a similar
  condition. Whether or not you wish to continue put your business with us is
  immaterial. The loss I have suffered is far greater than any financial loss
  from your withdrawal. What I did to conform to your wishes and those of your
  wife was disgraceful and dishonourable and I only wish that I could move the
  clock back twenty-four hours.  
I make no apologies to you or your wife for the tone of this note. I can
  and will only and humbly apologise to the girl who chose to be my slave, not
  for her own personal gain, not to be a whore as you suggested but to earn a
  little money for charity. Both of you, and I, should have been much more charitable
  to her.  
David.'  
I'm sure I wasn't supposed to see that email but I had crept out of the bedroom
  to get a drink and David was sat there staring at the screen. It softened my
  attitude towards him just a little but the pain overrode those feelings. He
  jumped when I asked, &quot;Sir, may I see the pictures you took?&quot; He plugged
  the camera in and downloaded the pictures and brought them into PhotoShop.
  I nearly fainted at the sight. &quot;How could you&hellip;Sir?&quot;  
&quot;I really don't know Jane, I don't know.&quot; I saw tears in his eyes.  
&quot;Please will you email them to me Sir?&quot; He looked at me sharply
  knowing that while the pictures existed, I could blackmail him.  
&quot;I suppose I deserve it. You will be able to get your own back for this.
  It will be my punishment. I'm really am so ashamed at what I did and I meant
  every word I put in that email.&quot;  
&quot;If you please sir, I would point out that I have no intention of using
  the pictures to get money out of you. I just want a record of what I went through
  so I don't make the same silly mistake next year. I'm sure Matty and the girls
  will insist on seeing my bottom when I limp back into the office on Monday
  but I will not be giving out any details. This is only between us.&quot; He
  was already attaching the picture files while I was talking. I knew he must
  have been very contrite to do that without any argument but again my mind was
  overwhelmed with the pain so I ignored it. I saw him press the send button.  
For the rest of the Sunday, all day Monday and Tuesday morning, I kept up
  the pretence of being a very docile and submissive slave. I did exactly what
  I was asked, no more, no less. I answered him with short sentences and always
  with 'sir' somewhere in it. I continued to use my 'harem' dresses whilst indoors
  which I knew aroused him. He took all this very badly and I knew I was torturing
  him, mentally if not physically. By mid-morning on Tuesday I could walk a little
  better so on his orders I dressed and put on my walking shoes. The trousers
  rubbed my arse but I tried to ignore it. &quot;We'll go along the path by the
  house a little way to see if it helps loosen your muscles a little. We won't
  go far. Tell me if the pain gets too great.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, sir.&quot;  
The first hundred yards or so were sheer agony but I bit my tongue and said
  nothing, Slowly the pain eased enough to become bearable although it never
  went away. Progress was slow because I couldn't stride out like I normally
  would but by the time we'd reached the top of the rise I had begun to enjoy
  the sunshine and the pathway through the woods. I tried not to give David any
  indication of this and held a blank expression on my face. &quot;Shall we carry
  on or go back?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;It's your choice sir. I follow your instructions sir. It is not a slave's
  place to make decisions sir.&quot;  
&quot;Dammit Jane!&quot; David exploded. I knew I was trying his patience
  and prayed that I wasn't going too far and he wouldn't fall into the sadistic
  state he was in on Saturday evening. &quot;Answer my question, Jane. Is it
  too painful for you to walk any further?&quot;  
&quot;I can walk further if you wish me to sir.&quot; David swore, which
  was unusual for him and strode back along the path to the house. &quot;Follow
  at your own pace,&quot; he instructed exasperated. Walking down the hill was
  more painful that going up because the whole weight of my body when down hard
  on my foot which in turn jarred my buttocks. I moved slowly trying to make
  the journey and my freedom from his watchful eyes last as long as possible.
  A mug of tea was ready for me when I walked into the kitchen. Inwardly I knew
  the walk had done me some good. I could indeed walk a little easier than when
  I started out although my trousers had chafed and rubbed the welts and made
  them sore. In silence I stood and drank my tea hoping he would order me to
  change into my lighter slave costume. He didn't. Instead he went into the bedroom
  and shut the door.  
A quarter of an hour later the door opened a little and he called out, &quot;Undress
  in the kitchen and then come in here slave!&quot; I caught a glimpse of his
  naked body through the opening before he closed the door again. I was glad
  to remove my trousers but thinking he probably wanted sex with me in some perverted
  way, I took my time removing the rest. With some trepidation I knocked at the
  door and was ordered in. The sight that greeted me was totally unexpected.
  David was lying across the bed totally naked except that he was wearing my
  wrist and ankle cuffs and he had already tied his ankles to the bed legs. Alongside
  him on the bed were the strap and the cane. &quot;Slave Jane, you will obey
  these orders on pain of further punishment. Firstly you will fasten my wrist
  cuffs together and then tie them to the bed leg. Secondly you will gag me with
  the penis gag so I am just as helpless as you were last Saturday. I want to
  be completely at your mercy or anger exactly like you were. Finally you will
  give me the same punishment as I gave you, a dozen with the strap and a dozen
  with the cane or however many more you feel is necessary to get your revenge.
  Do you understand slave?&quot;  
&quot;Yes sir!&quot; I stuttered more horrified than before and terribly
  afraid of what he was ordering me to do. &quot;Is it right that a slave should
  hurt her master sir?&quot;  
&quot;No, but neither was it right that a master should hurt his slave so
  badly when she was only defending her honour. Now carry out the orders I gave
  you and thrash me as hard as I thrashed you.&quot; His voice quavered showing
  the fear underlying his brave words but he held his hands out for me to fasten
  the cuffs and opened his mouth for me to insert the gag. He then laid himself
  across the bed and allowed me to tie the cuffs to the bed leg. For a few moments
  I stood and looked at him. His arse was firmer than mine and his prick and
  balls hung down between his thighs. &quot;They should be out of harms way,&quot; I
  thought as I picked up the strap and swished it through the air. Panic struck
  me. I had no desire to hurt him, certainly not in the way I'd been hurt.  
&quot;Oh my God David,&quot; I cried, &quot;You do really expect me to do
  this to you, do you? You know the pain I've been through don't you? Don't make
  me do this David please.&quot;  
I removed his gag so he could reply. &quot;Get on and do it slave Jane. Don't
  keep me waiting. Put the gag back in and give me the same as you had, twelve
  of each. Do it now.&quot; My first stroke didn't hit very hard, his arse hardly
  twitched and the sound it made was minimal. The next was very much harder and
  it left a deep red strip right across his bum cheeks. I heard him cry into
  the gag like I knew I had done. I have no doubt that it really hurt him especially
  as there was less padding on his arse and the leather probably hit into the
  bone. My third stroke again made a satisfying sound and caused David to buck
  as far as he was able. Silently I counted the strokes as I laid them on, almost
  forgetting I was hurting someone who'd been a friend up to a few days ago.
  Perhaps it was the fact that he couldn't cry out that blinded me to the pain
  I was causing. It wasn't a revenge feeling that I felt, more one of satisfaction
  of being able to produce a goodly loud crack when the leather smacked into
  the flesh and the ability I had to colour his arse. I was almost sorry when
  I completed the twelve strokes. Only when I put the strap down and saw the
  tears streaming down David's face did I begin to feel any remorse and I began
  to understand a little how David must have felt when he thrashed me. With some
  anxiety I picked up the cane, took my stance to one side of him and swished
  it right across the centre of his proffered and reddened arse. Whether I hit
  him unduly hard, whether it was because his skin was tense and tight or whether
  my aim was not as good as his, I don't know but with that first stroke I drew
  blood. The tip of the cane bit deeply into his right cheek and made a cut a
  couple of inches long and from it the blood flowed freely.  
&quot;Oh my God, I'm sorry David,&quot; I cried out as I flung the cane to
  the far corner of the room and went into the kitchen to find a paper towel.
  The cut didn't appear to be very deep but it took a little while to staunch
  the flow. Over and over I apologised to him but like he did with me, I still
  kept him fastened to the bed. If he moved too soon, the cut would open up again.
  However, I did remove the gag but he didn't yell or say anything, which surprised
  me and I knew I would have been swearing and questioning the marital status
  of his parents. A little blood seeped when I put the wet towels on his welts
  but it wasn't serious so I laid myself down on the bed beside him. Five minutes
  later when I rinsed the towels I remembered the camera. I would photograph
  him like he did to me. &quot;Neither of us will now have a hold over then other,&quot; I
  told him as I released his bond and helped him to the shower. Apart from the
  cut, David's arse didn't seem as bad as mine was even after several days of
  healing.  
Later when we were both drinking tea in the kitchen I went and picked up
  the cane and tried to break it. In my hands I could only bend it but I was
  determined and slid half its length in the small gap under the cooker. A sharp
  upward pull and the cane splintered and broke. &quot;Sir,&quot; I said, &quot;That
  ends my short period as your master. I am now once again your slave.&quot; David
  tried to release me from my slavery. Again I refused to accept it, but I now
  knew he wouldn't punish me any more so it became little more than a token slave
  thing. Toward the end of the week he did order me to have sex with him again,
  but that was because we both wanted it and although it still hurt to have his
  weight on me, it was not more than I could stand.  
Chapter 8. The aftermath   
&quot;Do stay the night David,&quot; I pleaded when we at last arrived at
  my house. It had been a tiresome journey with delays and cancellations of the
  flights from Inverness so instead of arriving home at lunchtime it was seven
  o'clock in the evening. &quot;It's a long drive and you're tired. You can miss
  a few hours more work.&quot; Eventually he reluctantly agreed.  
&quot;Jane,&quot; he said during a quiet time together that evening, &quot;Jane,
  you know our relationship has to end now. In the morning we're back to work.
  You're in the customer service office in Ipswich and I'm in my director's office
  in Walsall. You are no longer a slave but part of the workforce here. Possibly
  we may never meet again. Your lifestyle and mine are far apart and besides
  I'm still smarting from Maisie's departure and am very loathe to form any sort
  of permanent relationship with a woman. We both knew these two weeks were a
  temporary thing and as such I could cope with that although I have to admit
  it didn't turn out quite as I expected, but it all has to end when I leave.&quot; I
  nodded gloomily. Why I should have feelings for this man who had hurt me so
  badly, I didn't know, but I did but I guessed he was right. It would have to
  end. There couldn't be any future in it for us together.  
That night though I insisted we make love several times but at five in the
  morning he got up, dressed and kissed me good bye. For an hour I wept but finally
  got myself together and ready for Jenny to pick me up for work. I couldn't
  walk without showing some signs of my thrashing but I doubted anyone would
  notice. The cane stripes still showed vividly and indeed looked far worse than
  the pain from them. These were overlaid on the bruising which formed a purplish
  background colour.  
Matty and the girls were all eager to know how I got on and it was Matty
  that spotted I wasn't walking as easily as I should. &quot;Did you get your
  botty smacked then?&quot; she laughed.  
&quot;Once or twice,&quot; I tried to make light of it hoping that would
  be sufficient but I knew they weren't going to let it stop there. However I
  didn't tell them what happened or at least not more than hints of the first
  smacking I'd had.  
&quot;Show us,&quot; demanded Kathy.  
&quot;Give us a mooney,&quot; Matty suggested, &quot;Just a quick one will
  be enough.&quot; I knew I daren't even do that. Fortunately Sylvia sent us
  to our workstations but I sat down rather too quickly on the hard chair and
  uttered a little cry, which Matty picked up on and gave me a worried glance.  
During our mid-morning break, always two people were left to man the phones.
  Customers who called during that time frequently had to wait on hold for longer
  but we got our break time. I volunteered to be one of the two thinking that
  if I was talking to a customer while they were free, I wouldn't be harassed.
  Sarah, the other break-time operator, and I took our break fifteen minutes
  earlier than the rest and when I came back two girls gripped my arms and dragged
  me to my desk and bent over it. Matty came up behind me and undid the button
  of my trouser suit and pulled the trousers and my knickers down at the same
  time.  
&quot;Jesus Christ!&quot; she exclaimed, &quot;Did he do that to you? That
  was no spanking that was assault. You should sue him.&quot; The others crowded
  round ignoring the phone lines and firing questions at me. I was in tears and
  Matty gently covered my arse again and held me. Janet took over my job and
  paired up with Sarah on the phone lines. Silvia had come in to see what the
  fuss was about and in her motherly way told Matty to take me to the ladies
  and clean my face up. When I returned there was a cushion from her office on
  my chair. I knew everyone was dying to ask me questions but were too shocked
  to do so. In any case we were kept busy answering the phones. Matty tried to
  get me to talk at lunchtime but I clammed up.  
Three times over the coming few days I phoned David at his office but Ann
  Carstairs, his secretary said, &quot;He is unavailable at the moment.&quot; On
  the fourth try, she told me, &quot;I'm sorry Miss Beeson, Mr. Furlough has
  told me not to put through any calls from you.&quot; She sounded genuinely
  apologetic.  
Three days after my return to work I received two cheques from him, both
  for &pound;500, one for the charity account and a personal one for me. There
  was no accompanying note. When I handed the charity cheque to Matty who was
  handling the donations from the customer support office, she commented, &quot;So
  much for his &pound;1,000 plus offer. I don't see any plus for what you went
  through.&quot;  
&quot;He's probably got other things on his mind,&quot; I said but I didn't
  know why I was trying to defend him. Perhaps his arse was still too sore, more
  likely I guessed this was to be a short fling and after Maisie he didn't wish
  to get into a permanent relationship. I emailed him a short thank you note
  but decided not to add anything more personal. &quot;If he wants to end it
  all, fine. I'll do the same,&quot; I told myself, &quot;After the thrashing
  I received I should have nothing more to do with him.&quot; I wanted to believe
  that but somehow I couldn't. All I could do was think and brood over the times
  we'd had together.  
Saturday evening found me sitting in front of my computer wearing my slave
  dress and looking at the pictures of the trip. Tears were streaming down my
  face when the doorbell rang. Quickly I pulled a robe over my dress and answered
  the door. Matty stood there. My face must have told her that I wanted to be
  alone but she pushed past me and went into the lounge. &quot;Jane,&quot; she
  started, &quot;You're going to tell me the full story even if I have to sit
  here all night. I thought I was your friend and a friend who is here to help
  you get through the trauma of your trip.&quot; She spotted the legs of my slave
  dress showing below my robe and recognised it from the picture I'd sent. &quot;Take
  your dressing gown off slave,&quot; she ordered. She can be forceful at times. &quot;Wow,
  that's enough to get any man rock hard. Turn round.&quot; When I did so she
  carefully lowered my trousers so she could see the welts. They still showed
  although they weren't as fiery or as sore now. She touched them and almost
  automatically I flinched. Gently she massaged my arse and slipped her hand
  between my legs. &quot;You're very wet,&quot; she remarked casually, &quot;You've
  been thinking of him and playing with yourself.&quot; I didn't confirm or deny
  it but again I couldn't control the flow of tears. She pulled me to the couch
  and cuddled me. &quot;You are going to tell me what happened. I promise it
  won't go any further and I won't even tell Ken.&quot;  
Eventually the story came out and I showed her the pictures including the
  ones of his sore arse. &quot;You love him don't you?&quot; she observed when
  I finished and we sat with a glass of wine. Although I hadn't put it that way,
  in my mind I knew she was right. &quot;Give him a little while and if you get
  no response and you still feel the same way about him, scheme a way of talking
  to him again and see where it leads.&quot;  
Work seemed a tiresome bore and I'm sure some of the customers didn't get
  the service from me they expected but my mind was elsewhere. My heart leaped
  when on a Friday nearly three weeks after my return there was an email from
  him. The message was terse. 'Go to the Volkswagen garage on Main Road. They
  have something for you. Apologies for delay.&quot; I went on Saturday and waiting
  for me was a nearly new Polo. Only a small car but that would suit me fine
  for in town driving. I just had to sign a few papers and I could drive it away.
  I emailed my thanks and said, &quot;Dear David, Thank you for the lovely car,
  it will be my pride and joy but for a tip on top of what you've paid for my
  services, it was far too big a gift. The salesman wouldn't tell me the cost
  but it must have been &pound;7,000 or more. Sorry David but while I appreciate
  what you have done, such a large gift, even though I guess you can easily afford
  it. I will pay you &pound;500 now from the money I earned during the fortnight
  and pay the rest from my monthly salary. I will phone on Monday about this
  so I trust you will then accept my call. Love, Jane&quot;  
Even though I now had a car, I found it more convenient and pleasant to travel
  to work with Jenny. She was a friendly woman and we always chatted uninhibitedly
  during the journey. She of course knew a little of my story but didn't pry
  and Matty, true to her promise, had not spoken of it to the others. Monday
  morning was busy so it was the afternoon before I put the call through to David.
  As always Ann Carstairs answered. &quot;I'm sorry Jane, he told me again this
  morning, not to put any calls through from you. He almost said my job was at
  stake if I did. Did you like the car?&quot; I told her that I did and that
  was what I wanted to speak with him about. &quot;He went to a lot of trouble
  finding it,&quot; she went on, &quot;He was on the phone for ages. I only paid
  the bill and did the correspondence. If you ask me, he misses you a lot more
  than he lets on. He comes in here at some unearthly hour and leaves late but
  he doesn't seem to get that much done. So far he has not said anything about
  what went on between you but whatever did, it will take him a long while to
  get over it. He seems worse now than when Maisie left him. I'll try and pass
  a message on but every time I've told him you've called, he's just looked the
  other way and ignored me. I wish I could help you, and him, for that matter.
  He's been a real misery guts since he came back.&quot;  
I thought for a long time about what Ann said and late on Wednesday afternoon
  I quietly entered her office. I'd first enlisted Sylvia's co-operation. Only
  occasionally did we get a delivery direct to the customer service department
  but I knew the vans came from head office in Walsall on Monday's, Wednesdays
  and Fridays. At my behest Sylvia told transport that she had a parcel to return
  to head office and would the driver collect it on Wednesday. They asked for
  a packaging note and reason for the return. She wrote, 'One slave to be returned
  because she is now useless in this office,' Bob the driver from my previous
  trip was on duty again and he grinned when Sylvia pointed out I was the return
  package and showed him the note. &quot;I hope he likes the package,&quot; he
  said, &quot;Because he needs something to cheer him up.&quot; Fortunately this
  time the drive went without any serious hold-ups and I arrived before the staff
  left.  
&quot;Ann, is there anywhere I can change without having to go through umpteen
  offices?&quot; I enquired. She pointed to a tiny toilet to one side of her
  office. It was cramped but I managed to put on my slave costume. Ann's eyes
  opened wide in amazement when she saw me but then her face split into a grin. &quot;If
  that doesn't cheer him up nothing will,&quot; she laughed. &quot;Just go straight
  in, he'll only say no if I ask first.&quot;  
I didn't even knock and in fact I was well into the room before he looked
  up and before he could say anything I had my arms around his neck and was kissing
  him. For a few moments I was afraid he was going to push me away but as soon
  as he got over the shock he kissed me back. I knelt at his feet. &quot;Sir,&quot; I
  said, &quot;This wayward slave is looking for a kind master to take care of
  her. Would you be up to taking on that position?&quot;  
&quot;Oh I don't know,&quot; he replied, &quot;I heard she beat her previous
  master but perhaps I could take her on a month's trial to see how she gets
  on.&quot; We sat and chatted for a few minutes and then he stopped, &quot;How
  were you able to get into my office? Dressed in that outfit?&quot; He pressed
  the intercom button, &quot;Mrs. Carstairs will you come in here please.&quot; She
  came in looking a little worried. &quot;Mrs. Carstairs will you kindly explain
  how this woman evaded your security and was able to walk in here unannounced
  and half naked?&quot;  
&quot;I waited until she was working the copier,&quot; I volunteered.  
&quot;Slave's that lie to me get their bottoms smacked,&quot; he sounded
  grave but I thought I detected a note of humour in his voice, &quot;Now Mrs.
  Carstairs, what have you to say for yourself?&quot;  
Ann rose to the occasion in a way that only a secretary who knows her boss
  well, can. &quot;Sir, I've worked with you long enough to know when you are
  being too pig headed for your own good. I also know that when you call me Mrs.
  Carstairs instead of Ann, you are either going to fire me again or give a good
  telling off. Well you stupid man, this time I'm going to be telling you off.
  For the last month you've been so sore headed that it has been difficult to
  work with you. You've moped about and done nothing. You been a waste of my
  time or worse, I have to put things right because you weren't thinking straight.
  All this because you wouldn't acknowledge Jane's existence even though she
  was on your mind twenty-four hours a day. I don't know what happened between
  you in Scotland and I am not going to ask, but what ever it was, she's here
  and you can sort it out between the two of you. Finish work now, take her to
  dinner and talk through the problem and don't come back here until you have
  and are in a better mood to control what you do.&quot; David looked aghast
  at the outburst. &quot;Go on, clear your desk and take her away.&quot; Ann
  went on.  
&quot;Perhaps I'd better let her dress first,&quot; David smiled and then
  turned to Ann. &quot;I don't know whether I should fire you or kiss you.&quot; He
  turned to me, &quot;What would you do with a secretary who orders her boss
  about like that?&quot;  
&quot;I'd cherish her for looking after my best interest,&quot; I said seriously.  
*****  
That all happened nearly a year ago now. After several months of commuting
  between the two branches, David decided to move down to Suffolk and buy a house
  in a picturesque village and I moved in with him permanently. Although there
  is no real need for me to work, I have kept my job as a 'call girl' mainly
  because I like it and I like the company of the other girls. David and I still
  keep up the pretence of a master/slave relationship although the most punishment
  I get is a few hard smacks.  
The time has come round again for offers and bids for the Charity Auction
  of Promises. Shall I again offer my services as a slave? Or should I put in
  a bid for one?  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





