BDSM Library - Military Wife




Military Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mistress Dee begins whipping Norbert to get him promoted up the Army ladder, from lieutenant to General!Military Wife part One  
&quot;P-please, Dee...&quot; the older man, said, pleading with Dee, his
  eyes brimming with tears. Simone and Sheila stared at the tube around&nbsp;General
  Vidalia's&nbsp;quivering,&nbsp; horribly erect penis. &quot;So he can't go
  pee-pee until you tell him he can, eh, Deirdre?&quot; Simone asked, chuckling. &quot;Well,
  Norb has a real authority problem, Simone&quot; Dee said, her eyes sparkling. &quot;For
  a man who is in charge of 400,000 soldiers at seven Army bases, he really knows
  quite little about obeying orders. He hasn't been allowed to pee for seventeen
  hours, and I think I may make him hold it in for another day if he keeps getting
  on my nerves.&quot;  
The ladies could see that the grizzled military veteran was having one helluva
  time holding his legs together, pushing his knees in contraction with each
  other so he wouldn't go against his will, like a recently potty-trained kindergartner
  awaiting the bell. The general kept biting his lip and moving his knees together
  and Dee occasionally would reach over and flick his right thigh with her long
  nail,and he would bounce and grit once again. &quot;You see, there's a catheter
  in the cock tube he's wearing&quot; Dee said amusedly. So he can't really pee
  now, but I have him trained so well that if he doesn't have the tube on, he
  can also hold it, usually. The last time he fucked up, I made our merry soldier
  drink up an entire bucket of his urine, my urine and that of our dogs.&quot; Dee
  motioned languidly at the two Doberman Pinschers dozing near the fireplace.  
&quot;I have to meet with Major Thundersley...I have much preparation to
  do, Dee, please, oh please let me urinate and wash up, this has been just miserable.  
Dee turned to her friends, as if ignoring&nbsp; the General, who looked completely
  miserable. &quot;Can you listen to him beg, isn't it revolting?&quot; Dee breathed
  in and then repeated in a pathetic falsetto &quot;I must meet with Major Thundersley...I
  have much preparation to do...&quot; Then Dee did the &quot;I'm gagged&quot; motion
  with her forefinger down her throat, and the other two women laughed. Dee motioned
  to General Vidalia, who shuffled miserably over to her. &quot;Hands behind
  your back dear...&quot;. Dee unlocked General Vidalia's cock lock, revealing
  a bloated penis. &quot;Darling, I am going to play with your peeper a little
  bit, but if you either cum, which I know you're dying to do, or let even one
  drop of urine fall on my fingers, it'll be a bad day for a certain Fort Dix
  General, do you understand?&quot; General Vidalia nodded miserably.  
General Norbert Vidalia stared down, biting his lip for the millionth time
  that day as his wife stroked a long, pale pink fingernail across the tip of
  his engorged cock. Despite the intense pain in his kidneys from the backed
  up urine, Norb had to admit that Dee was still quite as beautiful as she'd
  been when he'd married her a quarter century ago. He watched with parched lips
  as her cleavage heaved in the tight bustier top, and heard Mistress Simone
  chuckle. God Damn Simone! She had been another one who'd hung out at the S&amp;M
  Club where he'd met Dee that first night.  
Norb had to resist letting go, he was on the verge of peeing, and God, did
  his kidneys hurt from holding back pee for nearly a day and a half. Dee pulled
  his foreskin, and&nbsp; a tiny droplet of urine came out, falling on her boot.
  Dee immediately arose, and picked up a cane. "Do you like this, girls?" she
  asked as she held up the ivory cane with the silver dog's head "Norb got this
  for me in Argentina, it's an antique. This fantastic early twentieth century
  Argentine four-part suitcase cane with ivory extensions measuring 36-1/4 inches
  overall when in cane mode. However, the cane also doubles as a riding whip
  when the ivory extensions are removed and the leather whip is screwed in."  
Dee laughed as Norbert shivered, remembering the times the leather whip,
  screwed in, had lashed his back, buttocks, penis and balls severely. &nbsp;Dee
  went on. "It's also called a "flick stick.The flick stick &quot;flicks&quot; out
  with a sudden downward thrust of the cane head when the hardwood shaft is held
  at the middle. Watch me flick it on the General's penis for allowing urine
  to leak out of his bad little wee-wee! And remember, Norbert, if you let any
  urine come out during the whipping, it will go even worse for you."  
Norb nodded miserably. Dee lifted the cane, "flicking" it repeatedly across
  Norb's suffering shaft. WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK! Norb screamed as the
  cane came down repeatedly on his poor penis, but his military bearing didn't
  quiver, he kept his hands behind his back and did not fall!  
WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Some more urine came out of the penis, and Dee, enraged,
  began whacking Norb's penis harder "Goddamit, I said no pee can come out." "I
  can't help it, Mistress Deirdre!" Norbert screamed, and held his urine as best
  he could. Finally, Dee noticed that despite the caning, Norb was releasing
  no more pee. Norb held still, his tongue between his teeth as Mistress Dierdre
  continued the cruel caning. Finally she tossed the cane down and resumed her
  gentler attentions on his bruised cock, "Poor baby&hellip;"crooned Dee as her
  nails played across the penises welted surface. "But you'll learn, darling."  
Norb nodded, trying desperately not to release any more urine. He gritted
  his teeth as her pretty nails pulled and scraped his cock. It had been so long
  since he'd cum, nearly four months, and of course he hadn't peed since eight
  o'clock the night before!  
Dee smiled as she continued playing her long nails across Norb's cock. "Are
  you regretting all those Michelobs you had last night at the Club yet, dearest?" Norb
  nodded unhappily. What a mistake that had been!  
&nbsp;Dee had been enraged when Norb had admitted having had a few beers
  with Colonel Metcalfe and Major Compton at the Officer's Club earlier in the
  evening, and she'd caned him severely on his nipples, and then ordered him
  to the basement. "You like chugging those beers, hon? When you were expected
  home to polish the silver in your little French maid's outfit?" Dee had screamed
  this. "Get downstairs!" "But darling"begged Norbert, "It's one Friday night
  a month we get together, just to joke about and talk about our troops, and
  maybe the Dallas Cowboys&mdash;" Dee had kicked him violently down the stairs,
  she'd been so angry. "You are expected here every night at five-thirty, no
  excuses!" she'd screamed. "Strip and get down those fucking stairs, you little
  weiner!"  
Dee had then bound Norb to the wall of their basement dungeon and removed
  the cock chastity tube he was forced to wear daily, putting a plastic hose
  between Norb's cock and&nbsp; his mouth. Normally, Norbert was not allowed
  to pee without his wife's permission, which meant he had to drive home from
  work at noon to get her to undo his evil tube that prevented unauthorized urination
  AND masturbation, and sometimes it was tricky if Dee was out shopping when
  Norb got there and he had to cower, holding his kidneys on the front porch
  until she got&nbsp; home and unlocked him.  
&nbsp;"I forgot again dear" was her usual excuse..and then once or twice
  she was in bed with one of her lovers, and refused to let him in&hellip;but
  last night he'd gotten in, and gotten Dee to unlock him to pee before he'd
  told her where he'd been. "And if I'd known, you would have had to keep all
  the pee in you from noon on, including all those beers!"she'd screamed. "But
  there's still more beer processing in your gut, and you'll need to pee badly
  before midnight!"  
Dee had adjusted the plastic tube into Norb's mouth, and then challenged
  him to hold his water til the next day. Norb had been bound upside down, the
  tube in the mask on his face, from eight-thirty that evening, no television,
  nothing&hellip;and he had to stay there, holding his miserable bladder.  
&nbsp;The one time Norb had let loose and peed a few drops, around two in
  the morning, the little bit of horribly stinging, beer tinged urine that had
  hit his lips and gone down his throat, almost destroying his taste buds for
  a week had convinced him to continue the awful self-control.  
But it was a lesson to General Norbert Vidalia, Mistress Deirdre had long
  forbidden him to hang out at the manly Officer's Club. "Your duty is to Mommie
  after you have left the office at five o'clock. Quaffinga few with the boys
  is a privilege of real men, and after all I've slept with all your so-called
  friends, including Metcalfe and Compton, so why drink and play darts with them,
  they don't have much respect for you anyway, dear."  
Often Dee would give Norbert a vicious beating for being late after five
  thirty, ten strokes for the first minute, and one for every minute afterwards&hellip;once
  he'd gotten in at five-forty-five, and nearly died from twenty-five lashes
  from Dee's&nbsp; whip-cane!  
As Dee giggled and talked with the other two women, Norb tried to remember
  when he'd become such a lowly slave-boy. Certainly this had started because
  he'd gone in search of a dominating woman, and Dee had been wonderfully satisfying..but
  a bit more than he bargained for. As Norb played through his memories for the
  early days with his evil wife...when she was just a girl, Dee was also telling
  Sheila and Simone her version of what had happened over the past twenty-four
  years...it was the tale of  
&nbsp;A MILITARY WIFE  
"Oh yes, ma'am" the Gypsy said to Dee, standing over his table of leatherwork
  at the market, what Dee would have called a flea market in her own country.
  But this was a marketplace in Bamberg, Germany, right near her husband's Army
  base. "You'll like this razor strop, I've sold many to barbers. You must be
  a beautician, right?" Dee said nothing, and the Gypsy went on. "This genuine
  leather razor sharpening belt is like the ones you've seen in old fashioned
  barber shops." Dee grinned at him. She knew where she'd seen razor strops like
  that before. In Daddy's house. She really enjoyed listening to the Gypsy, though
  she'd already decided to buy the strop. For one thing, he was one of the few
  non-military personnel she'd met in Bamberg who spoke good English.  
And what a strop this belt was. Dee weighed the strop in her hands and examined
  it carefully. It looked fairly durable. It was two feet long with a brass loop,
  quite heavy, looked like it could do some damage, eh? She tried to listen to
  the English-speaking Gypsy as he went on. "The leather and canvas combo is
  great for sharpening razors."&nbsp; The Gypsy smiled, seeing the enthusiasm
  in the young girl's eyes. Dee was thinking of her young husband's gluteal muscles
  shaking as his butt would withstand blows from this vicious leather monster.
  Dee smiled again, running her tongue across her teeth. Her breasts heaved in
  the halter top, and the Gypsy gasped through his pitch.  
As Dee looked at the strop, she thought about what a stropping felt like.
  She'd gotten one at least once a week for years.&nbsp; The Gypsy continued. "Barbers
  like to use this strop to put a final finish on beautician shears, you know." That's
  not all they use them for, Dee thought, remembering her Presbyterian minister
  father, enraged because his willful cheerleader daughter couldn't remember
  the text of his sermon one Sunday, yanking down the sixteen year old's panties
  and pulling up her miniskirt, throwing the screaming young Deirdre across a
  hassock and whaling her tender vanilla cheeks, telling the girl the Devil possessed
  her. But the Rev was surprised that Dee had taken it that well, not knowing
  that the girl was already too familiar with the strop because she'd gotten
  it as well from her older brother, Robert.  
Robert had been very upset when their mother had left their father to join
  the Sixties revolution in San Francisco, and he'd impressed on his little sister
  that girls were whoring little things and he wasn't going to let Dee become
  that. Five years Dee's senior, Robert had begun taking her over his knee with
  bared bottom starting in junior high school, every Saturday night. He'd started
  with his bare hand, and as she'd grown into womanhood, he'd moved on to using
  a hairbrush, then a discarded riding quirt from the stables where he worked,
  and finally Daddy's Razor Strop.  
But when Robert whipped Dee, it was different from Daddy's whippings, Dee
  had quite often had an orgasm, her pussy grinding against his legs as she'd
  bounced around on his lap, her faded jeans and pink panties bunched up around
  her thighs in her junior and senior years of high school&hellip;Dee had left
  home right after graduation, but she'd returned for Christmas, just once, and
  both Daddy and Robert had once again taken her over their knees&hellip;and
  the strop was a bitch!  
Now, listening to the Gypsy, Dee wondered what the strop would feel like
  on Norbert's tender buttocks, he was such a baby.  
&nbsp;As Dee thought of Norb screaming under the lashes of the strop, she
  smiled, and a handsome young German, examining antique sunglasses and American
  rock albums from the 50's caught the white teeth of the pretty brunette and
  he smiled back at her. Enjoying the attention, Dee grinned, and tried to focus
  on what the Gypsy was babbling about. Jesus, listening to the old bastard going
  on, trying to sell me this strop that I already decided to buy twenty minutes
  ago.  
&nbsp;"The strop can even be used to touch up shears between sharpening." The
  Gypsy was saying, and Dee guessed he still thought she was some sort of barber.
  The Gypsy himself was wondering why the girl had no questions, and also curious
  about how much he could get from the girl for the old belt.  
"This budget priced strop was made by my cousin in Pakistan of smooth tanned
  leather. The top silver buckle&nbsp; is removable. Are you a beautician, my
  dear?" Dee shook her head, wielding the belt, "But I think I'll take it, if
  it isn't too much."  
The Gypsy considered, looking at the girl's nice clothes. She was married
  to one of the Army officers, and all those bastards had money. "Fifty marks" the
  Gypsy said. "It is killing me to give you this strop for so little,but I am
  a generous man." Dee laughed, deep in her throat.  
&nbsp;"I think not, for this rag of leather?&nbsp; I'd say more like ten
  marks, fifty pfennings."&nbsp; The Gypsy's face took on an appearance of sorrowful
  insult, as Dee knew he would. "You are a most insensitive young lady."  
&nbsp;The Gypsy said. "My cousin made this belt with his own hands. Forty
  marks." Dee's eyes glittered. She'd seen the "MADE IN JAPAN" label on the side
  of the belt, and this Gypsy idiot was getting on her nerves. Ah yes. She knew
  what to do. "I don't know if I can use it, you know?"  
Dee pretended to falter. "I'm not a hairdresser at all. This isn't for sharpening
  razors, This strop is for another purpose." Dee took the old Gypsy's arm, looking
  soulfully in his eyes. "Can I discuss it with you in private?" The old man's
  eyes widened "In private?" Dee looked at the ground, appearing to demur, while
  her heart raced. "I have to decide whether I can use the belt for why I bought
  it&hellip;.you can help. If it's good enough for what I want, I'll give you
  forty marks for it."  
The Gypsy stared at little Dee with his beady, lustful eyes. What did this
  woman want? What an opportunity to pull her in his caravan and find out! The
  Gypsy had had many rich white women in the caravan, and had screwed a couple,
  and raped a few more&hellip;but the group of Gypsies always moved on before
  there was any retribution.  
&nbsp;The old dark man gazed at Dee's nubile breasts,, the curly tufts of
  her hair touching her shoulders, and stared at her full lips especially, imagining
  forcing her to take his penis in his mouth, like he'd forcibly skull-fucked
  that&nbsp;thirteen year old &nbsp;girl in Frankfort. What can I get out of
  this, he thought. It's usually such work to seduce them into the caravan, I
  have to lie and say I have jewelry to sell! Could I rape her and take her wallet
  too?  
The Gypsy motioned a young Gypsy boy over to the table. "Aram!" he said roughly. "I
  am taking this lady over to the caravan and I want you to watch the table." Dee
  watched the boy, aged about fifteen argue with his uncle. &quot;Uncle, you
  shouldn't take the lady in the caravan. It's wrong, please don't--&quot; Dee
  winced as the old man's fist crashed across Aram's cheek, and the boy fell,
  and then the old man viciously kicked him. &quot;Shut your mouth! Watch the
  goddamn table!&quot;  
Aram, knowing he would pay for this later, turned to the girl. &quot;Miss,
  don't go in there with my Uncle Osh. He's dangerous he--&quot; The old man
  lunged at Aram again,but Dee delicately stepped in the way, and the old man
  turned servile again. &quot;Down boy&quot; she said to Uncle Osh. Turning to
  Aram, she smiled. &quot;Don't worry, I just need to see how this strop works,
  and have a talk with your uncle.&nbsp; I'm sure it's all right.&quot; Then
  she whispered. &quot;And if it isn't, from ages seven to sixteen I studied
  jujitsu, capiche?&quot; Aram nodded.  
Aram stood at the table, watching his uncle Osh go with the striking dark
  haired lady into the wheeled caravan. He saw her gaily waving the razor strop
  as they went. The door closed. A moment later, Aram heard Uncle Osh howling,
  then there was a crash, as if someone had hit the wall of the caravan. And
  a lashing sound WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK  
Aram listened to the screams,and then saw Uncle Osh open the caravan door
  as if to escape, but a small manicured hand pulled him back into the cart,
  and the door shut and there was more whacking and Osh's screams. Aram thought
  of rescuing his uncle, but remembered years of beatings and abuse, and considered
  maybe this was good for Uncle Osh's empathy.  
Finally, Uncle Osh fell out of the door of the caravan, and seemed to be
  pulling up his pants. It appeared to the astonished Aram that there were red
  streaks on Uncle Osh's buttocks.  
&nbsp;Panting, he said to the young lady who followed, "Just take the belt
  and go! You have it free!" Aram was shocked. Uncle Osh never gave away anything
  for free. Shit, he charged Aram to buy his school clothes&hellip;.this was
  quite unusual. The girl trotted over to Aram, swinging her strop&nbsp;and gave
  him a deep soul kiss. &quot;You've been so helpful.&quot; she crooned. &quot;Here's
  forty marks just for you!&quot;&nbsp; Stuffing the bills in the astonished
  boy's pants pocket, Dee kissed him again and trotted off to show Norb her new &quot;toy&quot;  
&nbsp;Second Lieutenant Norbert Vidalia looked up from his table in the pub
  as his beautiful young wife came in. &quot;Norb, how are you honey?&quot; Dee
  smiled and gave him a deep smooch. &quot;I'm great, what have you been up to,
  Dee? You've not been to the marketplace have you?  
Those Gypsies are hell on ripping innocent young women off.&quot; Norb supressed
  a smile as he said this, knowing Dee wasn't all that innocent.  
&quot;No, baby. the Gypsies are incredibly decent if they get to know you.&quot; Dee
  smiled. She held up a paper bag. &quot;Look what I got!&quot;&nbsp; Dee pulled
  out a leather strop and showed it to Norb. &quot;This is part of your fantasies,
  right?  
Don't you like it? It'll be great when we 'play' you know?&quot; Norb's dick
  hardened as he saw the strap, and he looked at his beautiful new wife. God,
  she's so sexy, and she really wants to do this stuff with me!  
After Dee and Norbert had discussed his passion for S/M while he was still
  an undegraduate at West Point, she had tried to instill some of the disciplinary
  theories in urging him through his studies.  
Norb, a&nbsp;prep-school pothead who had been bribed with a Maserati XL by&nbsp;an
  uncle&nbsp;to&nbsp;apply to West Point had not had much going for him as a
  cadet when he'd met Dee. Norb&nbsp;had been failing History of Middle Eastern
  Warfare and Military Communications until she'd taken Norb in hand, quizzing
  him on a variety of test answers, and lashing his loins with razor wire if
  it seemed that he wasn't paying attention.  
A slacker of the first order&nbsp;who'd spent a great&nbsp;deal of drilling
  time slurping Buds in front of the tube, Norbert had begun running and exercising,
  to avoid the pain of Dee's cane!  
Norbert was always required to bring his college tests and quizzes to Deirdre,
  and if he got 90 points or more, which was an A, she'd screw him, 80-89 got
  him a nice blowjob...and&nbsp; anything under this resulted in a vicious hairbrush
  spanking, his pressed West Point uniform pants bunched up around his knees&nbsp; as
  poor Norbert would quiver over Dee's lap and the brush would land...endlessly!  
But Norbert adored Dee, and she was very loving to him. She was a helluva
  good looking girl, and loved necking and doing neat stuff. His fantasies were
  being fulfilled,and he was now an A student..though he didn't seem to have
  time for the poker parties and beer blasts that he'd once done.  
Norb ended up making Batallion commander of his regiment after three months
  of dating &nbsp;Dee and served his senior year as the Regimental Personnel
  Officer for his&nbsp; college regiment.  
&nbsp;By graduation, with Dee overseeing athletics, and making him do academics,
  he graduated with honors.  
Now, he looked across the table with some trepidation at his beautiful wife
  as she played her fingers across the heavy leather of the strop.  
&quot;God, it's beautiful&quot; he confessed. &quot;Like in the old movies&quot;  
Dee laughed girlishly. &quot;I knew you'd like it. It'll be fun. You-you
  said something about razor strops and how horny you got watching some old movie
  where the kid had to go out to the barn and the mom followed with the strop,
  right?&quot;  
&quot;The woodshed&quot; Norb said dreamily. &quot;She took him out to the
  woodshed.&quot;  
&nbsp;Norbert, like so many submissive men, had often fantasized about razor
  strops...he'd grown up in a &quot;permissive&quot; family, and had never had
  a spanking in his life until he'd gone to his first dominatrix in his freshman
  year at West Point.  
But Norb had seen many, many&nbsp;movies, often G-rated&nbsp;where the father
  or mother took the erring teenager out to the woodshed with the &quot;razor
  strop&quot; to give them their &quot;medicine&quot;. Of course, the camera
  didn't usually go into the shed, you'd just see the child coming out later,
  sobbing..but Norb could always imagine what had gone on.  
As a child he'd been quite obsessed with these old black-and white movies..and
  once had gotten quite enthralled during a movie about Winston Churchill. Winston
  had been taken into the headmaster's office when he was a small boy, and before
  the door had closed on him, the audience could see the boy's pants down, his
  bare bottom exposed, and a heavy cane touching the bare bottom. It had been
  a tremendous turn-on, and he'd made his parents take him to see the movie two
  or three times.  
But presently, he was unsure...but his wife wasn't!  
"It'll be really cool, I think" Dee giggled again, and swung the strop away
  from the table, nearly grazing a busboy. "Bet you'll dance."&nbsp; Dee poked
  Norb's belly with her forefinger and he chuckled, and she kissed his ear, still
  tenderly fingering the razor strop. Norb was pleased that Dee was so happy.
  She had not seemed all that thrilled that they'd been assigned to a German
  military base, away from all their friends. But she was in a cheerful mood
  now, and he had to admit, he was rather aroused at the sight of the damn razor
  strop himself.  
But it was big! Norb was a little frightened, though he'd often jerked off
  and fantasized about getting a vicious whipping with such a strop. Dee had
  already whipped him with canes, hairbrushes, rubber and wooden paddles, and
  it had all been a tremendous turn-on,but he'd gotten into the power thing of
  not crying out, and certainly not blubbing or weeping when she'd hit him!  
It was just that whole soldier thing, he guessed. He had to prove he was
  a man, even if he was her "slave".  
And then recently, he'd been breaking down, Dee's canings had been getting
  harder&mdash;two weeks before, he'd forgotten to pick up her dry cleaning on
  the way home from work, and Dee had lashed his bare bottom with a piece of
  soaking, thick rope as he was bent over the bathtub, and on the fifth lash,
  he'd heard a howl, and yes, it was Norb's own voice. Then, just on Monday,
  they'd gotten in an argument about the brand of coffee she was buying over
  the breakfast table.  
Norb had been trying to quit smoking and had been somewhat irritable, and
  he'd shouted at Dee, and Dee had responded with a brisk "Don't you raise your
  voice to me young man." Norb's fist had hit the table "Are you kidding? Who
  the hell do you think you are, Dee?" Norb had been incredulous, after all wasn't
  this S/M thing just a game? He'd jumped when Dee had grabbed him by the ear,
  dragging him to the couch  
Jerking down his pajama bottoms, Dee had whacked him forty times with a pancake
  spatula, one of those evil metal ones, and the stinging had been so painful,
  that Norbert had begun howling once again, he couldn't believe that he'd gotten
  so wimpy. When she'd let him off her lap, she'd seen slight tears in his eyes.  
"You're turning into a crybaby." Dee had said with some satisfaction as he
  cowered in front of her, his pajama bottoms still crumpled around his ankles. "I'll
  have you sobbing yet, my soldier boy. Go stand in the corner for ten minutes,
  leave your bottoms down. NOW!" And Norb had done so, not even being allowed
  to leave the corner when the mailman had come by, Dee had flirted with the
  guy, and he'd felt the mailman's eyes on him&hellip;on one hand Norb's shame
  had been intense at the thought of another man seeing his naked bottom on display,but
  his cock had never been harder, and when Dee had let him up, they'd screwed
  like bunny rabbits. But Norb still remembered Dee's desire to make him cry.  
&nbsp;He thought the whole perv thing might be getting out of hand, but as
  it was, Norb had been obsessed with being a submissive his whole life. He watched
  Dee&nbsp; toying with the strap, and remembered how early the slave thing had
  come on him, even before Winston Churchhill movies.  
Certainly,&nbsp; from seventh grade on, Norb had been reading the S/M section
  of magazines like&nbsp; &quot;Penthouse Variations&quot;, sometimes ripping
  out that section of the magazine as he cowered in the back of the drugstore
  at age thirteen and fourteen, for the interest had hit him early....and sneaking
  the torn bondage sections of the Variations magazine back home to jerk off...and
  several stories had mentioned the feared &quot;razor strop&quot; Ooooh! He
  stared at his beautiful Dee, and wondered if it might not hurt too much...  
An Hour Later  
&nbsp;Dee talked animatedly about all sorts of things as they drove home,
  but Norbert's mind never quite left the&nbsp; razor strop in the back seat.
  They got in the house and Dee turned to him.  
"I want you to get upstairs, strip off your clothes, and lie on the bed." Norb
  looked at Dee.  
What happened to the giggling and all the kissy-face back at the pub? She
  looked almost venomous now. "We were going to have dinner at the Tomlinson's
  tonight, babe maybe we should hold off on playing with&hellip;" Norb was hesitant,
  and Dee stepped up quite close to him, so that he could stare right down into
  her &nbsp;heaving, milky white cleavage. "Our dinner plans are my affair, Norbert.
  I don't want to have to ask you again to get your butt upstairs and strip and
  lie on the bed. Do I make myself clear?"  
Norb stared down at&nbsp; Dee, his cock stiffening against his zipper. Oh
  God, what have I created, he thought. They'd started playing very lightly,
  hell, he'd even spanked her a few times, before he'd finally confessed that
  he really wanted to be the slave-boy all the time. But she'd been so gentle
  with him until recently. "Are you going now?" Dee asked again, and Norb nodded
  sheepishly. "Yes ma'am."  
Norbert went upstairs, his legs shaking as he mounted each step. He entered
  the bedroom and took off his military uniform and undergarments, folding it
  neatly and putting it on the bureau, and looked at himself in the full length
  mirror. God was he scared. A razor strop! But he could tell that his erection
  was pulsating, sticking right out there. It seemed as if there might be some
  precum at the tip as well. Poor Norb, he was a born pervert. He heard Dee's
  light steps on the stairs and lay face down on the bed hurriedly.  
Norbert heard the door open &nbsp;swiftly. "Well, you did as I told you to,
  that's good." He could smell Dee's perfume, and his cock hardened even more.
  Norb heard the bag that had held the razor strop crumple and fall into the
  wastebasket. He looked back over his shoulder and there she was, pacing back
  and forth, doing little practice swings with the strop. She looked so cute,
  Dee did, in her tight halter and shorts. Her boobs were almost poking out of
  the halter, but Norbert felt humiliated as always, by the fact that she was
  dressed and here he was, naked over a bed.  
Norbert had learned that there was going to be more and more of that as time
  went on, it seemed. Often, after Dee punished him, if neither was leaving the
  house that evening, she would keep him in a state of nudity, standing in the
  corner or kneeling by her couch as she reclined in her sexy outfits.  
Dee had also begun going through short phases where she didn't feel like
  having sex with poor Norb, usually just two or three weeks at a time. Sometimes
  during these times, she'd tell Norbert that he couldn't touch her at all, and
  she'd parade around him in revealing lingerie, and other times he was allowed
  to perform oral sex on her,but that was all.  
Dee always required Norb sleep naked next to her, and he would move closer
  and try and kiss her, and she'd push his head down, and he'd go down on her
  until she'd orgasmed a number of times, and she'd fall asleep, with her poor
  husband frustrated. And then&nbsp; were the worse times when she wouldn't let
  him touch her at all&hellip;which was worse? Did she have a boyfriend during
  those periods?  
&nbsp;Norb didn't know, but he'd remembered&nbsp; one night, after a few
  weeks of sexual deprivation, talking to Dee in the kitchen, she'd suggested
  he masturbate to relieve his tension.  
"Could-could I do it here, you can watch, and be kind of involved?" Norb
  had asked her, and Dee had nodded, smiling that little cat-smile. Norb had
  been in his bathrobe, and nothing else; he'd removed it right there in the
  living room and jerked off in front of Dee, who was kneeling and reclining
  in her bustier, and quite clearly laughing at him.  
&nbsp;Norb had fumbled with his penis, and jerked slowly, watching Dee's
  tongue cross her lips as she snickered at him scornfully, and finally he'd
  cum all over his handkerchief. "Can you get me a glass of water?" Dee had asked
  him. "Don't bother to put your bathrobe on, just go get it as is."  
And Norb had walked naked to the bathroom and come back with her water, and
  the bathrobe had been gone, and he'd knelt by her side as they'd watched the
  nightly news. This had been happening more and more, though they still had
  a healthy sex life...but it was when Dee chose, and for any irritation, it
  seemed that she'd suspend &quot;num-nums&quot; until Norbert was weeping and
  begging for sex to resume. He wondered what would happen after the whipping
  tonight, if they made it to dinner...would there be sex after? Would he be
  alive to enjoy it? What a whipping!  
Now, Norb lay very still as Dee swished the strop back and forth, and yes,
  his cock was nearly cement-like, he was so excited. "Now we're going to see
  what you're made of , Norbert." Dee said as she walked back and forth behind
  the bed, swishing the strap back and forth. "I heard you screaming at some
  poor corporal the other day, telling him he needed to be a man or something..let's
  see if you can practice what you preach." Norbert's throat quivered. "Here
  you go, big boy."  
WHACK! WHACK! Norbert's soft white ass screamed as the strop fell. Dee looked
  excitedly at the huge red marks on his soft white skin. His buttocks were a
  bubble-butt variety, and she was getting a kick out of this. My God, she'd
  been on the receiving end of the damn thing her whole life, and it was nice
  being able to dish it out a bit. WHACK! Norb's buttocks bounced at the third
  swipe, and Dee thought she could hear a shuddering moan emitting from her unhappy
  husband.  
Dee lifted the strop again and landed it hard on Norb's left cheek, smiling. "Oooh!" came
  a sound from the bed, and she realized the strop had gone between her victim's
  legs a bit. Did she just hit the poor bastard's balls? Dee was wet with the
  idea that she was putting&nbsp; poor Norbert through exquisite torture. Norb
  was indeed trying to squeeze his legs together so she couldn't get her strap
  between them, but Dee was thinking&hellip;she'd bought another little toy recently,
  a spreader bar&mdash;long wooden pole with cuffs that could keep Norb's ankles
  separated if she wanted to whack those nice little nuggets between his legs.  
Whenever Dee went over to the base she had to listen ad nauseum to officers
  telling her what a tough guy her husband was, how he could go through any battlefield
  they believed, though in this year 1980 there were no battles. She'd seen Norb
  screaming at his troops about manhood and toughness, and Dee smiled because
  she knew Second Lieutenant Vidalia's "toughness" was really pretty much of
  a fa&ccedil;ade. Dee had gotten the strap lots more as a girl and she'd never
  made this much fuss. Look at him now, stark naked and quivering on the bed,
  trembling, really&hellip;and those horrible red marks made him look sissified,
  even if Dee had put them there. This was ridiculous.  
Dee's project now was to get at the tender underside between Norb's buttocks
  and thighs. She remembered this from her own thrashings as a girl,but this
  little area was truly her husband's Achilles heel. A few nights before, Dee
  had given Norbert a list of chores to do, a long list that would keep him busy
  until she'd gone to bed. The final thing on the list was to get into bed with
  Dee, and masturbate, but not to orgasm.  
&nbsp;Dee had been sure that Norb would fuck that one up, and he certainly
  had, she could hear the gasping and feel the wetness against her back that
  night, and she'd gotten up and turned Norb over her nightgowned knee and whipped
  him with one of her slippers for nearly an hour, and the slipper had really
  scorched the tender crease between his buttocks and thighs. Norb had screamed
  once, not like he was now of course, and Dee had locked him in the trunk of
  their car for the rest of the evening, because he was such a "baby"  
"Norbert, stick your butt up, now." Norb heard her threatenening voice and&nbsp; moved
  his buttocks up, supporting his body on his knees while still burying his face
  in the bedspread. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Dee's strop found it's mark in the tender
  crease between buttocks and thighs, and Norbert began crying&nbsp; as he bit
  into the sheets desperately. "Oh, I can't take it" he sobbed, as he filled
  his mouth with the spread and the strop fell again and again. "Oh I can't take
  it, Mommie" Dee's voice joined him in falsetto, and Norbert wept real tears
  of fear and misery.  
Dee couldn't believe her good luck, she was finally hearing muffled sobs
  from Norbert, who seemed absolutely dazed by everything. Dee wished Colenol
  Herries, who adored the manly young Second Lieutenant Vidalia, could see this
  whiny baby now. He would be violently ill watching his favorite young officer
  whining and weeping through this little punishment. WHACK! Dee's strop found
  once again the tender crevice between his buttocks and thighs, and she could
  see the strop hitting Norbert's balls as they hung there, and heard his cry
  of anguish. "P-please no more, Miss Dee." This was hilarious. It had been a
  point of pride with Norbert that he refused to utter any sounds at all during
  her whippings, but in the last month she'd gotten some real screams and cries
  from him&hellip;and now she saw a few tears staining the bedspread. Norb had
  met his Waterloo in Mr. Razor Strop, eh?  
Dee smiled grimly and&nbsp; lifted the strop over her head, bringing it viciously
  down on the small of Norbert's back. Norb, for his part was a haze of incredible
  agony, and was biting the bedcover, trying so desperately not to utter any
  sounds, but of course now he was openly sobbing. But by God, he wouldn't cry
  for mercy. "Mercy" was their ultimate safeword, and Norbert was a Guy guy,
  and he could keep from uttering it, he thought, but she&nbsp; had heard him
  beg her to stop and completely ignored that, perhaps a cry for mercy&nbsp; might
  be ignored too, he had looked behind his shoulder and seen the determination
  in her lovely eyes, her breasts heaving as she swung the strop.  
Norbert had to keep quiet now, he couldn't believe he was "blubbing" as boys
  called it in his prep school. But the tears were there. Norbert had always
  been contemptuous of the male slaves crying and whining in various S/M clubs
  in the U.S. and Europe, and he was no wimp, he just had to hold out as the
  blows rained on him. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Norbert finally collapsed, and brought
  his ass back down to the bed, thus directly disobeying Dee's command that he
  push it in the air. "What a loser you are&mdash;can't you take it?" Dee's voice
  came as the strap slammed again, just catching him on the back of his scrotum,
  and Norbert saw stars. Norbert's bottom felt as if Dee had been pressing it
  with an electric iron and he was crying openly now "Please oh please ma'am" Yes,
  Norbert was crying for the first time since he was about twelve years old,
  no, about nine, actually.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;This is great....listen to you bawling!&quot; Dee laughed
  wildly as her husband's cries grew louder. &quot;You are such a wimp. I just
  love this razor strop, honey.&quot; WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK! She'd worked her
  way from his damaged buttocks down his thighs, and swung five or six lashes
  on the sensitive spot on the backs of his knees, and been rewarded by more
  anguished sobbing.  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
Norbert's teeth were clenched against the pain as he withheld his
      intense desire to jump out of the window, anything to get away from that
      horrible razor strop. He broke down and grabbed his buttocks, screaming,
      but a lash from the buckle end of the strop nearly sprained Norb's wrist
      and he re-graabbed the bedspread. "That's right honey. I want your hands
      away from your butt. Touch your butt again and I'll hit your hands with
      a baseball bat." Norbert would have given a thousand dollars for an ice
      pack right now, but the blows kept coming. THWACK WHACK WHACK SMACK! Suddenly
      Norb couldn't help it, and he screamed "Mercy! Oh please stop!" Norb's
      arms and legs bunched upa nd he went into the fetal position, begging and
      sobbing "Oh, please, Miss Deirdre,&nbsp; please don't hit me any more with
      that awful thing, oh it's too much!"   
Dee's arm was hurting a bit now, and Norbert's buttocks were a mass of bluish
  welts, red blood stains and scars. It was really a sight to see, and Dee loved
  it. This whole macho military officer thing was revolting, she felt, and it
  was high time she got to the bottom of the masculine rituals. Yes sir, this
  was a glory day for American feminism! Dee felt like calling Gloria Steinem.  
Dee laughed. "Don't be such a fucking queer, Norbert. Get into the pain,
  give in to it, you pathetic worm!" But every inch of Norb's shoulders, back,
  buttocks and legs felt as if he'd been in a fire and was covered with first
  degree burns. "No, I've had enough, mercy oh, please!" Norb's eyes shut tightly
  but the tears kept coming, and he was now crying openly, as he grabbed his
  knees and bawled&nbsp; like a newborn. "No more, mercy, Miss Deirdre, please!" Dee
  was quite happy. Mercy. There he'd said it several times the safeword after
  two and a half years of being her macho slaveboy, he'd broken down after never
  giving in in twenty-seven months or so. And Dee knew that two previous girlfriends
  from their club in the States had dommed him and he'd never broken down for
  them, or any professional dome.  
Dee threw the belt down and knelt on the bed looking deeply in Norbert's
  eyes. Tenderly she wiped his tears away. "Have you had too much, sweetest?" Dee
  leaned in to Norbert's face and he got a glorious view into her cleavage. It
  had been so long since she'd allowed him to touch her breasts! Dee had taken
  to waving her boobs around in Norbert's face while&nbsp; they were encased
  in frilly bras, telling him he just wasn't man enough to touch them, and speculating
  openly about some of the hot young privates under his care. But she was so
  cruel&hellip;she knew how sexy he felt her boobs were&hellip;  
Dee rubbed her boobs in Norbert's face, cooing to her poor husband. "I can
  stop now if you want, honey." Dee said in her sweet voice, as she pressed Norbert's
  face into her sweet, soft cleavage. "I can stop whipping you, the session can
  end, and I can rub some balm on your butt and legs. I can bring you cocoa in
  front of the TV and pamper you a bit, but I thought you kept telling me what
  a good slave you wanted to be, honey."  
Dee's fingers found Norb's cock, and he began stiffening in her soft fingers. "I
  thought you wanted to be the ultimate slave&mdash;you're always talking about
  that, and telling me you want me to set the limits, and that's so sexy to me!" Dee's
  forefinger rubbed precum into Norb's rapidly engorging glans as she kissed
  his ear. "Don't you want that too?"  
Norb's dick was incredibly hard in her soft grasp, and he watched the ruby
  fingernails toy with his foreskin. Oh, she was so tender to him sometimes.
  She wasn't so bad, really, for a dominant wife. He almost forgot the intense
  pain in his buttocks, back and legs as he watched his wife's curving bosom
  tops bounce. "I'm sorry I'm such a sissy, Miss Dee I really am." Dee began
  pulling Norbert';s cock faster. "Well, Norb I thought you wanted to prove to
  me you could take any pain, and&nbsp; honey, I was so proud that you were taking
  my little whipping so well, that is until you began groping your knees and
  sniveling like a four year old that skinned her knee, you know that frankly&nbsp;made
  me a little ill."  
Norb looked so sad. "I want you to give me what I need, ma'am, it was just
  so painful, that's all. I can't seem to hold still on my own." Dee licked her
  lips carefully and thought about it. "Babycakes, maybe you could take the rest
  of your punishment tied up. It might be easier that way. And even gagged. How's
  that. It'll be easier that way for you, and you can make me&nbsp; proud, right?" Norbert
  was so upset. Sweet Jesus, the rest of his punishment? He had gotten enough
  whipping for the rest of the decade in his opinion. But Dee looked so adorable
  in her tiny little halter top, and she was still nuzzling his face in her breasts
  while she played enthusiastically with his rapidly stiffening cock. "I get
  really hot when I see a good slave-boy taking his paces well, and I feel like
  giving someone a nice blowjob tonight. Do you think it would be all right if
  I tied you up and finished this off?" Norb, in heaven, said "Whatever you want,
  my princess."  
Dee tossed her head and smiled down at Norbert lovingly. He looks like a
  calf about to be slaughtered, she thought, stifling a giggle. The fingers of
  her left hand caressed his hair and wiped the accumulated sweat from his forehead,
  while her right hand was busily making trouble down below in his crotch. Norbert
  gasped and panted as Dee's long nails played downt here. He loved it when Dee
  played with his genitals, and he was very excited now, he could see pre-cum
  soaking her red nails. It had actually been a few weeks since he'd came&hellip;it
  seemed that Dee never had time for sex anymore, unless he was performing it,
  and that was so heartbreaking. She tended to push Norbert away when it was
  his turn, it seemed.  
&nbsp;"I'm glad you want to be a good, obedient slaveboy and you want to
  take all the pain I can give you without all that jumping and screaming. I
  mean, they call you Viper, right?"  
Norb blushed again. That had been his nickname as a tough recruit and a new
  officer, Norbert "Viper" Vidalia. He was heavy on the enlisted men,screaming
  and humiliating them for the slightest offense.  
As a kid, Norbert had read about Frederick William of Prussia beating the
  crap out of a soldier with a baton if one button was out of place, and it sort
  of excited him. He knew the troops called him "Viper" and he got quite the
  kick out of it, though now Miss Dee was of course making fun of him, as&nbsp; he'd
  been whining and crying like a little girl.  
Dee's fingers tweaked the glans of Norb's engorged cock and he gasped. Dee
  trailed her fingers across the foreskin, and Norb lifted up to reach for her,
  he really wanted to make love now. But Dee's right hand casually dropped to
  his crotch and pulled his balls together in a nasty squeeze, while she still
  smiled at him, and Norbert fell back on the bed. "That's better" she said,
  as her fingers resumed playing with his hardening cock.  
"As I said, I hate to have to tie you down but you're such a little sissy
  and it's not very attractive to have you dancing about on the bed, sweetheart,
  not much of a Viper, I think." Dee's tones were like little bells, but Norb
  winced at her cruel words. Dee noted his hurt look and pushed his face further
  into her substantial cleavage. Norb mumbled "And- and you said if I took it
  well, you might want to give a lucky someone a blowjob, is that right, Miss
  Dee?"  
It had been some time since Norb's dick had been sucked by Dee's incredibly
  full lips, it seemed. She'd done it less and less ever since they'd begun playing
  mistress/slave games. The last time she'd given him head, he thought it was
  about three months previous to their wedding.&nbsp; Certainly on the wedding
  night she didn't even screw him! Dee had pushed Norbert's head between her
  legs repeatedly and he'd licked and munched down there. Coming up, they'd have
  a bit of champagne and talk about their honeymoon, but when Norbert would reach
  for her again, Dee would smile and say "can I have that tongue again, honey?"  
&nbsp;And Norb went back down the next time as well. Dee kept making jokes
  that night about the condition of Norb's blue balls, but she didn't seem to
  want to do anything about them. Finally, Dee had been exhausted and she'd turned
  over and gone to sleep, and Norb had steamed. The next night, Dee had been
  hanging out with the purser of their cruise ship, and she'd dispatched Norb
  to get some drinks, and when he'd come back, the door to her cabin was locked,
  and he'd heard some very peculiar sounds emanating from inside.  
Norb had had to pass the night on a folding chair on deck, and had been quite
  miserable about it. It wasn't til the fourth or fifth night of the honeymoon
  that Dee had deigned to screw him, and it hadn't been much, even then. She
  was a tough girl, Norb thought.  
Since they'd been married, what was it, eight months now? Dee had screwed
  Norbert maybe ten times, and he'd gotten maybe two blowjobs, and one had just
  been a thirty-second one, and she'd gotten "tired". Certainly that was no excuse
  for Norb, who was required to stay between Dee's legs until she'd cum as many
  times as she liked!  
&nbsp;But Norb knew Dee liked giving blowjobs, before their relationship
  had changed she'd given him lots of head, and she was always talking about
  old boyfriend's dicks and how she'd loved to slurp them, and now and again
  she'd make vulgar remarks about men in tight jeans in the street "I'd like
  to lick his lolly" and that sort of thing, so she must be wanting to blow Norbert
  now, as she'd said there would be a blowjob for a "lucky someone" right?  
He would check yet again. "You did say something about giving a blowjob,
  Miss Dee?" Norb was worried that Dee might get offended, and then there would
  be nothing. She often gave sentences out like "Three days-no sex!" if he'd
  forgotten to wash the car or something. But Dee smiled at him. "You heard my
  statement right, honey, some lucky guy will get a blowjob if I am horny enough,
  and I bet you can guess who that is!"  
Dee gave Norbert a long, probing kiss while her fingers played along the
  length of&nbsp; Norbert's rock hard erection. Norb gasped as Dee played further
  as she murmured. "You betcha, Norbert. I'm always horny as hell when a slaveboy
  is being really obedient and can take lots of pain." Dee's fingers trailed
  around Norb's stiff pecker as she blew sweet nothings in his ear. "Oh, thank
  you, Mistress" Norb murmured as his eyes closed. God, he was married to a passionate
  woman, Norber thought. It was just finding the key to the passion, right? Norb
  congratulated himself on a job well done. "I've found your secret, honey." Dee
  smiled indulgently. "You can make me happy and I can make you happy, Norbert."  
Finally, Dee told Norb to lie on his back so she could tie him to the bed. "But
  you're whipping my behind, right, Miss Dee?" Norb asked, puzzled. "Well honey,
  I think I've done enough damage back there." Dee said reasonably. "It's time
  to work on the front now."  
Tying Norbert down, on his back, Dee hummed as she worked, securing each
  of his limbs to a bed post until he was completely spreadeagled. Then, she
  took up the razor strop again. Dee swung it a few times into her fist, humming,and
  Norb wondered what was going to happen now. She was going to whip his FRONT?
  What the hell did that mean?  
Norbert couldn't understand this being punished on the "front". Dee tied
  him completely, and then, still smiling, she took a swing with the belt, and
  it landed harshly on his right inner thigh, and he bit his lip. Oh, God, this
  hurt. "How's that, darlin' ?" Dee asked in a friendly way. "That hurt too much?
  No complaints I hope." Norb knew better than to complain, then there might
  be no blowjob. Norb had a feeling he had to be careful to not offend, and to
  keep his little wife's interest lively in him. Norbert got the impression that
  she had other friends.&nbsp; He'd come home once in the middle of the day and
  had run into Dee and his master sergeant&nbsp; walking through the living room.
  Dee was wearing just a dressing gown, and Sergeant Pawson didn't quite look&hellip;buttoned
  up.  
Norb thought about it as he felt Dee's strap slam on his left inner thigh,
  and he croaked a bit. "Feeling it, aren't you?" Dee said encouragingly. Norb
  didn't know how to handle his young wife. When he'd questioned Sergeant Pawson
  as to why he was in the living room, the man had insisted to Lt. Vidalia that
  he was just helping&nbsp; "Mrs. Vidalia out with installing yer air conditioner,
  Loot." Dee, lounging behind the Sergeant with a slow smile, had drawled that
  this was so. Norbert had shook his head. "But it's February, Pawson, why do
  we need our air conditioner installed?" Pawson had turned helplessly to Dee,
  and she'd said "You're absolutely right, Norbert, we'll drop the project then." And
  then they'd both laughed. So Norb had to watch this girl.  
Whack-ack! Dee's strop landed right on the tip of Norb's pot belly, and he
  whined. "Oh, what's wrong my honey-baby, my fluffy-duffy bunny rabbit, is it
  hurting too much?" Dee's tone of scron rang harshly in Norbert's ears as she
  lifted the evil razor strop again and slammed Norb's right nipple. Smiling
  in satisfaction at the renewal of tears in her husband's eyes, Dee then lashed
  the left nipple, and was gratified to see Nobert try in vain to leave the bed,
  tugging on his arms and legs helplessly.  
"Oh, please Miss Dee, it's way, way too much, that strop is horrible." Norbert
  cried, his nipples felt singed by the evil leather strop and his stomach was
  quite painful now. "Honeycakes, that's not so bad, just a few pats with my
  belt." Dee crooned as she lifted the thick leather strop again. Norb's entire
  front was in incredible pain, and the sting was uncanny. WHACK! WHACK! Dee's
  strop landed in Norb's right and left armpits next, and her poor husband screamed
  and cried in desperation. "Norbert, this is great exercise for me, and you've
  got to learn to be a little man. Let's see if I can get your right nipple again!"  
Norb screamed loudly "Oh, Miss Dee, it's way, way too much, that strop is
  horrible" Norb's nipples felt singed by the evil leather strop and his stomach
  was quite painful now. "Honeycakes, that's not so bad, just a few pats with
  my belt" Dee crooned as she lifted the strop again. Dee's boobs were shaking
  in her halter&nbsp; top, and in spite of the vicious correction Norbert was
  receiving his penis hardened.  
Norbert screamed as the strop found its target. "Please oh God, Dee, I know
  that I'm the one that's encouraged and taught you to be my dominant Mistress
  but it's gone beyond games, now,&nbsp; it's way too much honey, I've gone through
  absolute hell tonight, you've whipped m y a ss and m y back and legs and I'm
  ready for the damn emergency room. Let's quit now, deaar. Please" Dee shook
  her head prettily. "Quit? But darling you've asked to quit before, and then
  insisted we go back to our normal sex life and then you start getting bored
  and you cheat on me with professional domes and finally you beg me to take
  you back as a slaveboy. Dee's strop landed on Norb's left nipple again as she
  said the word BEG. "I'm really confused dear."  
Dee leaned over, waving her boobs in Norbert's face. She'd taken a brief
  bathroom trip to squirt them with Chanel No. 5, and Norb was dazzled with the
  scent. His face was covered with perspiration, and Dee could tell that it had
  been quite an afternoon. Dee scratched her nails gently on Norbert's right
  inner thigh, which had just been singed by the evil razor strop. Norbert sighed.
  The sensation was incredible, and Norbert felt his penis straining into a full
  erection.  
"It's hot in here" Dee said casually, almost to herself. Dee took off her
  halter top, revealing her shaking boobs in a beige lace demibra, which made
  Norbert almost go out of his mind. Lately, Norbert had been the naked one around
  the house, and Dee had mostly been clothed, though of course in very tight
  outfits. Not only had Norb always felt somewhat humiliated by this, but also
  continually aroused, as he'd be standing in the living room, dick bobbing,
  as Dee would sashay back and forth in her little leather minisuit, or something.
  It had been a while since he'd seen her quite this undressed, except of course
  when he was allowed to bathe her.  
&nbsp;As Norbert scoped out Dee's magnificent breasts, he barely noticed
  it when she resumed operations with the razor strop, landing it hard against
  his right inner thigh, where she'd been so recently tickling him with her long
  nails. "Is that so bad, darling?" Dee asked Norbert, her cleavage practically
  enveloping his face, as she leaned over and played her long n ails across the
  affected inner thigh once more. "N-no, Miss Dee" Norb mumbled, half in pain,
  half in ecstasy.  
Dee smiled inwardly, knowing that the tops of her areolas were showing just
  above the lace, and Norbert was enjoying his first sight of them in nearly
  a week. Dee rubbed Norb's shoulder and lightly kissed him on the lips. "You
  see, a little whack with a strop isn't such a bad thing is it?" Dee asked this
  in a friendly way, tickling and scratching Norb's right inner thigh again.
  WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! The strop landed on Norb's nipples again, and Dee saw
  tears in his eyes, and she felt wet with power.  
"Mommy---Miss Dee, my nipples are so sensitive." Norbert cried, the tears
  running down his masculine cheeks. "P-please don't hit them any more." Norbert's
  complaint was halted by Dee's tongue, which poked right into his mouth as he
  was talking. Dee pulled her head back and licked each of Norb's nipples extensively,
  and his cock grew harder. Dee reached down and played with Norb's cock more,
  and he began attempting to hump her hand.  
Dee kept her fingers just on the tip of his cock as Norb tried hard to push
  it in her hand. Dee leaned over, her boobs right in Norb's face and earnestly
  talked to him, her fingers still tickling the tip of his penis. "Darling, I
  adore you, and I want you to be happy and successful"breathed Dee as she leaned
  over the bed, waving her boobs in the tight lingerie bikini top right in Norbert's
  sweating&nbsp; face some more. "But you need discipline badly, my sweetheart." Dee
  lifted the strop and landed it hard on the shaft of Norbert's cock, and he
  screamed.  
Dee calmed Norbert by rubbing the tip of his cock more with her soft fingers. "You
  know when you get lazy, and you're feeling arrogant, and no one can possibly
  stand you that way, dear." Dee casually unbuttoned her bra from the front,
  and Norb got his first look at her soft brown nipples, nipples that hadn't
  been in his mouth in some months.  
Dee leaned down so the nipples were just out of Norb's mouth's reach, and
  rubbed his cock a bit, and then it became very, very hard. Dee jumped up and
  grabbed her razor strop WHACK! The strop landed harshly against Norb's knob,
  and he screamed again. WHACK! WHACK! Suddenly Norbert's penis was no longer
  a stiff erection,but was wilted and wounded beyond belief as the cruel razor
  strop landed its punishing strokes. Norb began moaning as Dee gently rubbing
  his cock with her soft fingers once more.  
Norb stared up at her nipples, which seemed erect and pleased, and the blood
  began slowly re-entering his penis again. "Think of how happy Colonel Herries
  has been since you've been such a good boy." Dee breathed. "I think you may
  get your promotion, and that's partially due to my work with you, don't you
  think, honey?" Norbert knew Dee was right.  
Norbert had always been a talented officer, but a notorious slacker all the
  same. He was hell on his troops, a bit of a bully even, screaming at them and
  making them attempt almost impossible tasks, but when it came to paperwork
  and analytical stuff, Norb spent a lot of time in his office smoking joints,
  reading "Sports Illustrated" and staring out the window. Important reports
  would remain undone&nbsp; under a "Penthouse" centerfold.  
When Norb had been turned down for his promotion to first lieutenant, Dee
  had taken Colonel Herries out to lunch, and asked the Colonel, her adorable
  little hand on his old bronzed paw, what the problem was, and, although it
  was against regulations to discuss things with the spouse, of course Colonel
  Herries had told her everything. Dee had then taken the Colonel to a nearby
  Motel 6 and managed to create some optimism for her husband's future in the
  grizzled old officer.  
&nbsp;But later, as the Colonel was re-zipping Dee's tight little flowered
  frock up he said, "It's not just me, my dear. After this glorious hour, I would
  make him a general if I could,but there are many other officers that will not
  be satisfied unless Norbert works harder, and I know he can do it, he has the
  intelligence, he needs motivation." Dee had given the Colonel a deep kiss and
  promised him that she would work on this aspect of the problem with Norbert.  
Dee realized that motivation was everything, and Norbert had one powerful
  motive&mdash;he wanted her body more than anything. Dee had become very cold,
  refusing to let Norbert touch her. The only time she'd touch him, was when
  he'd forgotten a chore, or something, and then of course she'd bend him over
  a sofa, dragging his pants down for fifty with the cane.  
Dee worked even harder on her already quite satisfactory appearance, highlighting
  her hair, and using very sexy lip gloss, strutting around in front of Norbert,
  in her very snuggest striped sweaters, tight little denim miniskirts or cute
  short-shorts with pantyhose and high spike heels, flirting heavily with the
  lowliest private in Norb's regiment, or even the grocery boy. "You don't have
  to carry the bags, you sweet thing" Dee would breathe, her chest heaving as
  she'd stroke the cheek of the pimpled, blushing lad with a long nail.  
"Dumbo will do it, he's going to be a seventy year old first lieutenant,
  since he can't get promoted. Hell, they may demote him to private, he should
  get used to carrying grocery bags." Then Dee would snap her fingers and Norb
  would slump out behind her, his arms full of groceries, and his head hung low
  under the boy's amused countenance.  
During this period, Dee would go to bed quite often in the flimsiest of nightgowns
  and lingerie underwear, forbidding Norbert to touch her. "I'm not attracted
  to C minus boys, it's not exciting screwing someone who can't get a simple
  promotion&hellip;you should go smoke your pot and leave me alone." Dee&nbsp; insisted
  of course that Norbert come to bed naked, and occasionally while she was still
  awake, she'd notice his hard cock, as he was subject to her gorgeous body right&nbsp; next
  to him in the best that Frederick's of Hollywood could offer.  
Dee would often then slap Norb's penis, or even scratch it savagely. "How
  dare you get erect in this bed with me, you no-account, ambitionless pervert?" It
  was very difficult for Norbert, even when he took several showers before going
  to bed. Then, one night after Dee was seemingly asleep, Norb attempted to grope
  Dee anyway, and he just couldn't resist touching one of her adorable breasts.
  Dee had awakened suddenly, and grabbed Norb's penis and twisted it, eliciting
  a howl from the young lieutenant. Then she had kicked Norbert out of bed, flailing
  him with a pillow.  
Norbert had spent the rest of the night handcuffed to the sink in the bathroom,
  cowering naked on the cold tiles. The next night, Dee had handcuffed Norbert's
  hands to the head of the bed which neatly kept him from touching her, and also
  prevented him from being able to touch himself. During the ngiht Dee would,
  supposedly in her sleep, turn over and rub Norb's cock all night long, playing
  with his penis while dozing, or grinding her pantied crotch against his stiff
  cock. Then she would awaken, four or five times during the night and see Norb
  erect again, and begin slapping him. Finally he'd sob that he was sorry, and
  she'd go back to "sleep" and begin grinding against Norbert once more.  
This had kept Norbert in a state of perpetual horniness, and he couldn't
  relieve it, at home he couldn't jerk off, and at work if an officer had been
  caught jerking off in a bathroom stall, his career was pretty much over. Once
  or twice Norbert had jerked off in a gas station bathroom but that was about
  it. Finally, in tears, he'd begged Dee to tell him what she wanted, and then,
  amazingly, his work had become ship-shape. Dee would call  
Colonel Herries and ask him how Norb was doing, and as long as Norbert was
  working hard, it seemed that Dee was all over him, still being a vicious punisher
  at times, still teasing him mercilessly, but also kissing him, hugging him,
  necking with him, and being very bed-playful, and thus Norbert had become a
  good officer. It looked like when he came up for review his promotion would
  be imminent, and it didn't hurt that Dee occasionally met Colonel Herries at
  the Motel 6 just to keep the old boy cheerful!  
Now, tied to the bed, Norbert reluctantly admitted that Dee was right, as
  she alternately stroked and whacked him with the forbidding belt. "Darling
  you know I wouldn't do anything that wasn't for your own good,&nbsp; right?" Dee
  said with a smile as she lifted the belt for punishment once more.  
Whack! The strop landed again on Norbert's tender penis, bursting a blister
  that had been left earlier by the cruel razor strop. Norb bellowed loudly,
  weeping in protest. "God, honey, you sound like my Baby Alive doll, pull a
  string and it cries." Dee said, but even this insult didn't seem to get to
  her traumatized husband.  
Norb was in agony. It wasn't as if Dee had never punished Norb's penis before.
  Now and then, when she'd caught him smoking, she'd smoke a few herself, putting
  out the butts severely on the tip of his agonized penis.  
Once at Club Scourge, Norb's dick had been a human target for the Dominatrixe's
  Dart's League, and Dee and her friends had hit the poor thing with a number
  of the cruel metal quoits. It had been especially hard for Norbert since all
  of him, except for his cock and balls were behind a wall, and only his genitals
  had been poked through the hole. He'd had to stand there, in mystery, and then
  all of a sudden feel a horrible bit of metal stab into his soft penile skin.
  Fortunately, Norb's cock and balls had only been the bullseye, and most of
  the women had been a little drunk and not great aimers, and they'd just hit
  the circles that surrounded his unfortunate genitals.  
It had been unbelievable, because after the stinging tips had hit his penis
  once or twice, it would be completely limp, and then Dee or one of the other
  girls would call for a break and massage his penis into full hardness once
  again, before bringing on the darts once again! This wasn't the worst of Norb's
  cock and ball torture, but it&nbsp; had certainly been significant.  
And then recently, Norbert and Dee had been preparing to attend a ball at
  the Officer's Club, and Dee, noting Norb's satisfaction at how completely great
  he looked dressed up in his full&nbsp; military uniform, complete with medals,
  had ordered poor Norbert to strip naked and stand with his chest out. Then,
  in her cocktail dress, Dee had whacked him across the nipples with a whippy
  cane, and after Norb had fallen down and held his chest, crying,&nbsp; Dee
  had ordered him to arise again. Then Dee had whacked his cock with the cane
  about five times, before allowing Norb to wipe away his tears and put his dress
  greens back on.  
And then there was that picnic, right after Norb had graduated from West
  Point.  
Dee had hated Norb's prep-school friends, and thought they were responsible
  for his alcoholic, pot-addled state. But they were all so devoted to each other,
  and there were a few adoring ex-girlfriends of Norb's there. Somehow, Dee had
  somehow gotten a hold&nbsp; of a jar filled with honeybees, hornets and wasps,
  and had coaxed Norbert away from his friends into the forest for some "fun." There,
  she'd ordered him to strip naked and she'd stuck his penis in the jar, and
  then Dee had whacked it enthusiastically, and the bees, hornets and wasps had
  stung poor Norbert's cock until he'd cried and howled.  
Norb's friends and ex-girlfriends had run into the wood to see the great
  Norbert "Viper" Vidalia, rolling around naked on the ground, holding his crotch
  and crying and screaming. Dee had looked at them puzzled (having tossed the
  jar and released the bees) and said "I don't know what it is, it just comes
  over him sometimes&hellip;it's a weird way of jerking off." And that had been
  the end of Norb's association with his loser friends  
Now, Norbert was crying wildly as his penis looked quite savaged by the strop,
  but Dee was equal to comforting him. Dee's soft fingers found his cock and
  began stroking and tickling, and the sobs became pants and moans. "Honey, you
  know that you need to be bound and punished and humiliated now and then." Dee's
  fingers rapidly pulled his foreskin up and down as she waved her breasts at
  Norbert. "Your parents gave you this bullshit ego that really is way too full."  
It was true, Norbert's parents were good liberals, and they'd given Norb
  everything any kid could ask for, toys, splendid education, motorcycle by seventh
  grade,&nbsp; Platinum card his sophomore year of high school, brand-new BMW
  on his sixteenth birthday, and a continual trust fund.  
Norbert had rewarded their kindness with addictions to pot and cocaine, pregnant
  waitresses, several school expulsions, juvenile delinquency and one unfortunate
  pre-college trip to a reformatory. Dee had had her hands full in reforming
  the slacker.  
Now &nbsp;Dee leaned over and licked the tip of Norbert's penis, and he panted
  wildly. "I have to punish you now and then so you won't believe that you're
  like, the second coming of Christ, you know?" Dee waved her bare nipples in
  Norbert's face, and he gasped "Thank you for disciplining me, Miss&nbsp; Dee." That's
  more like it, Dee thought as she looked compassionately in Norb's eyes. "I
  know it's hard, honey."&nbsp; But then Dee briskly buttoned up her bra and
  stepped back. "But you understand about being a good officer, don't you?" Dee
  picked up the strop, waving it in her hand.  
"I know you're strict yourself, because Cheryl, Major Antonelli's wife&nbsp; and
  I were driving past the base just last week &nbsp;and we saw you pushing some
  poor boy's head in the sand&hellip;Private Linton."  
&nbsp;Dee landed the strop severely on Norbert's cock again as she pronounced
  the "Lin" in "Linton". "Dear I don't know how you know the man's name, but
  yes, we have to be a little tough on the men to keep them in shape" Norb protested. "I
  guess I've been written up once or twice for being a little excessive, but
  they need the discipline. Private Linton had behaved badly."  
Dee began massaging Norbert's cock slowly, as she threw the strap down. Up
  and down went her forefinger and thumb, the red nails shimmering as Norb's
  cock got a full stroking. "Darling" Dee said in her soft voice. "As Private
  Linton tells it, you did this to him because he fell asleep in a munitions
  class or something.&quot; Dee suddenly grabbed Norb's scrotal sack and twisted
  it, scratching his cock savagely with her long nails. &quot;You, who can't
  even remember to pick up my dry cleaning, who Herries tells me is known as
  Lieutenant Marijuana Maintenance, is punishing that poor boy.&quot;  
&quot;You made him dig his face in the dirt, eyes and mouth open, because
  he fell asleep, the poor child." Norb was wondering how the hell she knew all
  this. Had she talked to Private Linton. He was smiling inwardly thinking of
  her referring to the private as a "child", Linton being nearly a year older
  than either Norbert or Dee.  
Dee put her right hand around Norbert's balls and began pulling up and down
  on his shaft with her left. Norbert breathed in, in ecstasy, as her soft hands
  manipulated his cock. "Poor Brian told me that you've been down on him since
  his transfer to Germany, dear." Dee slowly pulled a long nail down the side
  of Norb's shaft as he wondered how his wife had gotten on a first name basis
  with Private Brian Linton. "He tells me you and the sergeants make fun of him
  in front of all the other men, dearest, is that true?" How the hell does she
  know all this? Norbert wondered.  
Norbert was gasping and panting now, he felt like he might be about to orgasm
  soon, she was toying so expertly with his severely abused and neglected penis. "Honey,
  you have to understand" Norb managed to say "In every regiment there is a fuck-up,
  what whe call the company "goat". Linton's the bad example. He's the one we
  rag on a little bit. It's to keep the rest of the men in shape. And Linton
  will work out, or he'll wash out of the service, one or the other."  
Dee leaned over and licked the tip of Norbert's cock and he gasped. " And
  Linton's not doing all that badly, really. Although I didn't think he deserved
  a pass out, and I've been keeping him on base till he straightens up his act,
  Herries insisted that I give Linton a complete weekend pass on Friday." You
  bet Herries insisted, thought Dee. Herries had finagled it after Dee had asked
  him, the old lech would do anything for her now. Norb continued "The kid is
  starting to get more confidence, because his love&nbsp; life is getting better!&quot;  
&nbsp;&quot;I think he went to some little inn in Heidelberg with a mystery
  girl." Norb gasped and breathed in, as Dee's fingers rapidly played around
  his scrotum. "He had a better weekend than I did, babe..you were at that pottery
  convention all weekend yourself." Dee giggled, remembering&nbsp; Private Brian
  Linton rolling around in bed with her all weekend long. He looked much better,
  the poor private did, when she'd sent him back to base Monday morning.  
&nbsp;The evening went on. At one point, Dee taped Norbert's penis to his
  stomach, tying his ankles to the bedposts holding his wrist cuffs, and then
  the belt buckle began landing on Norb's exposed balls, to the point that he
  saw stars. But he held on, biting his lip, because he knew he would eventually
  be the beneficiary of the promised blowjob...at seven-thirty...three hours
  since the razor strop session started, Dee said to Norb &quot;You've got to
  get up soon, to get ready for going to dinner at our friend's house, dear. &quot;But
  what about the blowjob?&quot; Norb asked.  
&quot;Yes, how right you are!&quot; Dee remembered. She went into the other
  room for half an hour and Norbert heard her talking on the telephone. Norbert
  was startled as Dee came back into the room. &quot;Remember, I said if you
  put up with all my punishments, some lucky guy would get a blowjob...and now
  it's going to happen!&quot; Norbert closed his eyes and tried not to pay attention
  as Private&nbsp; Linton came into the room and unzipped his pants.  
Want More? Contact justincbenedict@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





