BDSM Library - Punishment Most Severe




Punishment Most Severe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young buxom Frenchwoman is arrested by the occupying Nazis during WW2 and sentenced to death by public flogging.This is a story I wrote some time ago.
    It's a little primitive and not particularly well written. But I thought
    I'd post it all the same. The fantasy type is pretty specific so it will
    not appeal to everyone's taste.   
Punishment Most Severe   
It was a place of execution. She knew because that was what they said was
  to be her fate today. She had never thought of herself as a spy. True, she
  had done some jobs for the French Resistance from her position as a secretary
  at the Gestapo Headquarters, but she had never dreamed they would kill her
  if she was caught. She had expected rape when they discovered what she was
  doing, even some persuasion to make her tell all she knew. In the event, she
  told them everything she knew during the interrogation with no physical persuasion.
  The thought of pain terrified her. And they seemed to simply accept all she
  said. She had never expected this. They had told her that morning and though
  still in shock, she had readied herself as best she could, coming to terms
  that her life was to end today. At least she had done her bit, it had not all
  been in vain.  
They had driven to a remote village and into the courtyard of an old coach
  house on its outskirts. There were some twenty uniformed officers including
  four women already there. They were all seated in chairs neatly arranged in
  two rows. At first she thought they were the firing squad but quickly realised
  they were too senior for that. She had not been prepared for an execution in
  public. But her mind was still too shocked to reason properly. Her eyes then
  found a strange structure at which the officers were facing. Two heavy upright
  timbers about eight feet apart supported an equally heavy crossbeam, into the
  underside of which two metal rungs had been fixed. That was not all. On the
  courtyard wall immediately behind the frame, was a huge array of what she thought
  looked like whips, canes and rods of every description. There must have been
  fifty different implements. Perhaps even more sinister, two burly men stripped
  naked to their waists and with hoods over their heads stood next to the instruments.  
The two Gestapo officers who had brought her pulled the horrified girl in
  front of the frame where the two hooded men took hold of her and held her firmly
  by the arms. The seated people were quiet all their eyes on the young woman.
  She was pretty, though not beautiful. A roundish face with full red lips, green
  eyes and a small nose, was framed with shoulder length hair styled in the latest
  fashion. She still wore the dark green pleated skirt and the cream blouse she
  had worn to go to work the previous day, though they were a little disheveled
  and creased after her night in the cells. Her body was spectacular. The men
  in the seats (and possibly some of the women too) gazed eagerly at her opulent
  breasts moving almost uncontrollably beneath the fabric of her blouse as she
  struggled in the grip of her captors. Her legs were pretty too with slender
  ankles shown to good advantage by the black high heeled shoes she still wore.
  Her clothes and fashionable hairstyle made her look a little older than her
  twenty-one years.  
The majority of the people in the courtyard had been there before and were
  aware of the nature of the events which would follow. But this was the first
  female victim and there was great anticipation among the spectators that this
  event would be quite special &ndash; especially now that they had seen that
  she was young, attractive and with a most appealing figure.  
The girl remained confused, but things were about to become clearer. One
  of the Gestapo officers walked to the front of the two rows of people and addressed
  them.  
&quot;This woman&quot;, he said slowly and deliberately, &quot;Mademoiselle
  Marie Dupont, a Frenchwoman, has been found guilty of spying.&quot; The audience
  remained impassive. The officer continued.  
"For her crimes, she has been sentenced to death and her execution will take
  place here.&quot; Behind the officer, Marie sobbed pitifully. &quot;As has
  been the case with a number of recent captives, we have been authorised to
  carry out this execution in whatever manner we see fit. All of us here take
  the view that the firing squad is too quick and relatively painless. We believe
  that those who have committed serious crimes against the Fatherland should
  be treated more harshly and that they should truly pay for what they have done.
  That is why we have created this special execution yard. In this place, as
  you know is customary, this woman will be flogged to death.&quot; He paused.
  It took Marie some moments to make sense of what he had said, then everything
  she had seen fell into place. She screamed. Her face was slapped hard to quieten
  her. &quot;Furthermore,&quot; he continued, &quot;We will make maximum use
  of our freedom to punish and will ensure that she suffers to the greatest extent
  possible and that the execution takes considerable time to complete. There
  are no limitations here. Let us proceed!&quot;  
Without further ceremony, the terrified girl was taken between the posts.
  The executioners took ropes from hooks in the uprights and tied them tightly
  around her wrists leaving long ends trailing. She was facing the audience.
  They raised her arms above her and put each of the trailing ends of the ropes
  through the rungs. This done, they then pulled on the free ends until she was
  raised up on the tips of her high-heeled strap shoes and tied the ropes off
  to hooks on the inside of each upright. Her stretched position caused her breasts
  to press hard against her blouse and their size became even more clear. Many
  in the audience shuffled excitedly in their seats. The process was slow and
  methodical. This was going to be a spectacle indeed.  
Her ankles were then tied to two rungs in the ground set about two feet apart
  and directly beneath the rungs in the beam. The first part of the preparation
  being complete, the hooded brutes looked to their leader for the signal to
  proceed. As with most things Nazi there was a formality which had to be followed.  
&quot;Strip the prisoner to the waist&quot;, ordered the officer in charge.  
Marie began screaming again as the men approached her. One at the front put
  his hands inside the neckline of her blouse and roughly ripped downwards. Her
  breasts bounced wonderfully inside her cotton petticoat. She never wore a brassiere.
  For one thing, she could not find one which fitted and was comfortable. But
  the main reason was that she had always been self conscious about her bust
  and wearing a brassiere only accentuated her size. The man behind ripped what
  was left of the blouse from the neck. The sleeves remained intact but these
  were quickly ripped away too. The final action to rip away the thin petticoat
  was completed easily and the helpless girl was left naked to the waist. Her
  precious upper garments hung in tatters from her waist. The full magnificence
  of her upper body was now clear. Her breasts were quite spectacular, full and
  round with little sag despite their size. Broad, dark pink aureoles adorned
  them, and in their centres thick nipples, firm in the cool air, pointed out
  horizontally towards her audience. The full breast-flesh still quivered wonderfully
  from the violent disrobing. Her skin was smooth, unblemished and had an olive
  hue. Some members of the audience mumbled obscenities to each other. Others
  remained silent and transfixed.  
Stage two was complete and the men looked again to the officer.  
&quot;Very well&quot;, he said to them. &quot;Remember, you will both pay
  heavily if the girl expires too soon. The objective is maximum pain for maximum
  duration. The minimum time will be two hours!&quot; They nodded. They knew
  their job well and they knew how to achieve that objective. They knew too that
  women tended to last longer than men and that this girl was fit and strong.
  They were sure she would soak up a great deal of punishment.  
&quot;We will begin with the breasts. They are normally the most sensitive
  area of the female body and she will be able to feel most pain during the initial
  phase. However&quot;, he shouted, &quot;I don't want her cut for the first
  half an hour. Too much bleeding too early will shorten the execution.&quot; He
  was telling them nothing they did not already know already. His words were
  for the audience, for the girl and to heighten the anticipation and tension.
  This man was a true sadist.  
"Use medium weight short straps. You will apply 50 lashes each. Proceed!&quot;  
The men walked behind the frame to the huge array of whips. Every imaginable
  instrument of flagellation was there. While Marie strained to look over shoulder
  to see what they were doing, they each took a leather strap from hooks. These
  were about two feet long, an inch and a half wide and were split for about
  a foot at their ends. The leather was bound to a short wooden handle.  
They walked to their positions in front and to either side of the girl who
  stared, incredulous, at the implements of torture about to be used on her body.  
&quot;No...&quot;, she pleaded. &quot;please...no...not like this. I can't
  bear pain. Please....&quot;  
Her pathetic pleas simply drew smiles from her audience and no response at
  all from the officer. He nodded for the flogging to begin.  
There were a few moments of silence save the sobbing of the young woman.
  The tension and apprehension grew to a peak. The hooded man to Marie's right,
  his strap in his right hand, drew back his arm first. She screamed even before
  the leather smacked hard into the middle of her right breast, immediately across
  the nipple. The flesh distorted for a few moments, flattened by the blow before
  bouncing back to its original roundness. Marie shrieked, as pain enveloped
  her full, right breast and she was snapped out of her dream-like state of disbelief.
  The audience had not experienced this before. The hard flesh of the male bodies
  they had seen whipped before offered nothing like this. The man to her left,
  his strap in his left hand then struck his implement into the same place on
  Marie's left breast with a similar result. Her initial scream continued as
  the incredible pain shot through her nipples, her breasts and through her whole
  upper body. She had never imagined such pain.  
The audience stared, transfixed, at the barbarity before them. Some men groped
  themselves as they became aroused. A young woman officer tried to hide her
  grimaces (sympathy was not in order) as she imagined the pain of the girl.  
The executioners continued with their task. The straps lashed into every
  part of the full, heavy breasts, with the exception of their undersides. Despite
  her stretched position, so large were they that gravity still ensured that
  a significant proportion of the flesh lay hidden against her rib cage. Some
  wondered if she had been specially selected for the size of her bosom and if
  she might not, in fact, be entirely innocent. It was not for them to question.  
She screamed loudly as each new lash fell. Twenty five strokes had been given
  so far. Her tits were bright red and swollen to an even greater size but the
  skin, remarkably, was not yet broken. Her nipples especially, were on fire.
  These had received special attention because of the sensitivity.  
The lashes continued. At thirty five to each the officer ordered them to
  stop.  
Marie sagged in her ropes as she realized the lashing had ceased. Her chest
  heaved as she took in great gasps of air. Sweat soaked her upper body. Was
  it over? she thought. They had taught her lesson, scared her to death and now
  they were going to stop. Please God, she prayed, let them stop.  
Her hopes were soon to be dashed.  
&quot;I want all of her breasts lashed&quot;, said the officer. &quot;They
  will need to be lifted to expose the undersides.&quot;  
Any of the spectators who had any doubts about the commitment of the officer
  who decreed the form of the execution must now surely have no doubt that he
  intended to do exactly as he had promised. They watched fascinated as the men
  fetched sturdy alligator clips from the equipment racks, then clamp one firmly
  onto each tortured nipple. Effectively, because of the size of the clamps and
  in order to have maximum grip and ensure they could not be torn loose, they
  were attached to the big aureoles which surrounded the nipples themselves.
  A new shriek erupted from the young victim's mouth. Attaching a thin cord to
  the end of the clip on her left nipple, the cord was put around her neck then
  threaded through the eye of the other clamp. The cord was pulled and her breasts
  were raised up, nipples pointing upwards, until there was no crease and the
  white untouched flesh of the undersides was revealed. The men collected their
  straps once more and took up their positions to continue.  
&quot;The last fifteen of this phase are to be laid upon flesh not yet harmed&quot;,
  came the command.  
The flogging recommenced and the screams loudened as the straps struck virgin
  skin and the movement of her breasts caused the clamps to bite and pull on
  her poor nipples. Blood began to ooze from where the teeth of the clamps bit
  and trickled slowly downwards. The trickles were splattered across her skin
  at the point where they reached the target areas of the straps which continued
  to descend ruthlessly upon their targets.  
The fifty lashes ordered were completed and Marie slumped in her bonds, head
  hanging forward, gasping for breath and moaning from the pain.  
&quot;A satisfactory start&quot;, said the officer. &quot;We will return
  to the breasts many more times before we are complete, but now we shall move
  our attention to the back and continue with a more conventional flogging. Remove
  the clips&quot;  
His men went to the girl. She shrieked again as they roughly detached the
  heavy clips from her ravaged nipples and returned them to their place with
  the other implements. The men looked to their commander once more.  
He thought for a moment. &quot;Single thongs, medium weight. We will reserve
  the cats o'nine tails for later.  
Continue!&quot;  
The hooded executioners followed their instructions and went, purposefully,
  to select their next tools.  
The young Frenchwoman's pitiful pleas went unheeded. It was true, she thought
  in horror, they really were going to do as they had said. It was unimaginable.  
Even as her thoughts ran on, her torturers were moving behind her, their
  whips in hand. She twisted her head to see what was happening and her eyes
  fell on the evil looking whips they held. Each whip was five feet of shiny,
  plaited leather. At the grips, they measured about three quarters of an inch.
  From there they tapered to slender thongs at their tips which lay trailing
  on the ground. Not lethal, these implements, but much more powerful than the
  previous straps, they would increase the level of injury and the level of pain
  for the young victim.  
The second phase was about to begin. The faceless executioners readied themselves,
  waiting for the signal to proceed. It came after the required time, with a
  nod from the officer in command.  
The man behind and to her left, his whip in his right hand, drew back the
  thong, then swung the whip with his full strength towards the smooth, unblemished
  back of the helpless woman. CRACK! A much different sound from the previous
  impacts of broad leather on soft flesh, echoed around the courtyard. The leather
  bit hard into the middle of Marie's strong back below her shoulder blades.
  More energy in the new whips but more transformed into sound as the taught
  flesh absorbed less of the energy than her soft breasts. Only the Germans could
  analyze such barbarity in such an objective way. Not all, of course. A few
  of the more humane amongst the spectators felt some sympathy for the victim
  of this atrocity. But they could not afford to show their weakness. The consequences
  would be great; they hid their feelings.  
Marie screamed with new energy as the whip cut into her torso, the tip curling
  around her body to bite into her ribs. While the pain was at least equal to
  the previous lashing of her tender bosom, it seemed, somehow, less horrific,
  more bearable than the previous phase. This was, at least, how she had imagined
  floggings to be.  
The second lash came, as expected from the other side, from the left handed
  flogger, and left its stripe across the previous one the same part of her back.
  Another agonized scream came from the full and pretty lips. The semi-naked
  girl twisted helplessly in her tight ropes. A futile reaction to the pain.
  The executioners were able to pick their spot easily and lay their thongs exactly
  across the parts of her body they so desired.  
They had worked hard to achieve their positions, selected for both their
  strength and their commitment to this kind of task. It was not often they had
  an opportunity, though, to torture a pretty woman and they relished the job.
  And neither had whipped one such as this; strong, athletic and with the most
  magnificent chest either had seen. The right handed man, had a particular relish
  for buxom women and longed for the next opportunity to punish the girl's breasts
  once more. But he could wait. He enjoyed too, the feel of his whip striking
  the flesh of her back. Knowing the pain he was creating; proud of his skill
  in placing each stroke exactly where he wished. He had dreamed of power such
  as this in years past, never thinking that one day he would be able to realize
  his fantasy. The Third Reich had given him the opportunity and he was thankful
  for that. He had worked hard for his job in the Gestapo and let his superiors
  knew, when the war began that he would be happy to do the more physical part
  of the intelligence gathering. He had always demonstrated a willingness to
  carry out whatever was asked of him and had always been able to hide his pleasure
  in doing it. He never got particular pleasure from inflicting pain on males,
  but neither did he object. It was simply a job. He continued, always in the
  hope and the certainty that one day he would have women to deal with. This
  day was the fruition of his patience and of his labours. Yes, he had worked
  on women before. But generally older, and not pretty like this one. He had
  enjoyed the tasks, but this one was special indeed. He turned his thoughts
  back to the innocent girl before him and lashed his whip once more into her
  back, higher this time, across the shoulders. The expected and exciting cry
  of pain came once again from her mouth.  
They laid the whips at liberty now on the skin of the young woman, without
  order, simply where they thought the flesh had not been touched or where the
  most pain would be generated. She screamed as each lash bit into her back.
  The spectators could not see the welt which sprung up each time, nor the bright
  red stripes which covered more and more of the smooth, olive skin now broken
  in several places from where blood oozed and ran in rivulets downwards before
  being absorbed by the material of her ruined garments. Stroke thirty of the
  second phase cut into the girl's lower back, snapping around her waist. The
  officer called a halt once more. Marie slumped once more, head forward, gasping
  for breath. Some strength had been sapped from the young girl, but despite
  her posture, the experts knew from experience that she could still absorb much,
  much more.  
The spectators wondered what phase three would bring.  
To be continued.  
Willie  
A PLACE OF EXECUTION   
Part 2   
The officer thought for a few moments, then walked slowly towards Marie.
  He stopped in front of the suspended girl about six feet away. He looked, impassively
  at the tortured girl's body, his eyes coming to rest on the red and swollen
  breasts which quivered as she sobbed from fear and pain.  
&quot;We will continue with the breasts&quot;, he said, dispassionately.
  Then he walked behind her to the wall, where hung the awful array of instruments
  of torture. He surveyed the dozens of implements for half a minute or so. Eventually
  he decided on the whips which would be used next to lash the young woman. He
  took two leather bound crops from their hooks. They were identical. About three
  and a half feet in length, their handles were three-quarters of an inch thick
  and they tapered to fine points. He swished one through the air, testing its
  suitability for the task to come. He handed the whips to his hooded henchmen. &quot;Continue&quot;,
  he said. &quot;Thirty.&quot;  
Marie's eyes opened wide in horror as the two men walked to the front of
  her. Her sobs turned to pitiful pleas for mercy. The thought of these crops
  lashing her already punished breasts was unthinkable. She would surely die,
  she thought.  
The torturers took up their positions once more, similar to the positions
  they took for the first phase but a little further back to allow for the length
  of the rods. This was the third 'execution' they had carried out in this place
  and was turning out to be by far the most enjoyable. They both liked the feel
  and the sounds of their whips and rods as they struck that most tender flesh.
  And they knew well the sensitivity of those parts of a woman's body. This was
  where the pain was most severe and for that reason it was always a favourite
  method for extracting information from women. Often, their will would be broken
  even with the suggestion of such punishment, and of those who were brave enough
  to stay silent, ninety percent were begging to talk after only a few lashes.
  But Marie did not have that choice. There could be no escape for her. No option
  to talk, to tell them all she knew. That was the real horror for her. While
  the thought of capture and even torture had crossed her mind, she always thought
  she would have the choice to avoid pain by telling all she knew. She had never
  thought of this, even in her worst nightmares.  
The men waited once more for the subtle signal to come, their eyes on their
  target, the voluptuous breasts of the young woman. The officer gave a nod.
  Marie was alert again after the short respite. She wailed a pitiful plea for
  mercy. The crop held by the man to her right swished through the warm air and
  her plea turned into a scream. She tried to pull herself back and twist to
  avoid the crop. The effort was to no avail and awesome force the leather bound
  rod struck her full across both breasts about an inch above the top of the
  aureoles. It sunk deep into the soft, swollen flesh, disappearing from view
  at the places where the flesh was fullest. The rod then sprung back as the
  resilient flesh of the girls glands took their former shape, bouncing and quivering
  wildly from the force of the lash. The pain of the lash across her already
  red and swollen bosom could hardly be imagined, but her reaction gave a clue.
  It was hard to believe she could remain conscious. The scream which began before
  the rod struck, was abruptly cut off.  
These people were experts indeed. They knew exactly what they were doing.
  There was nothing arbitrary about their actions. The variation of the whips,
  the movement between areas of her body were all calculated to prolong the punishment.
  They knew too, that a woman's breasts could be severely tortured for a long
  period of time, creating great agony to the victim, but without being fatal.
  Many of the onlookers were astonished (many excited at the same time) at the
  coldness, the calculation and the methodology of the procedure. There was no
  anger here, no passionate indiscriminate beating. There was a job to be done
  and the objectives were clear.  
And if the lashing of Marie's back was agony, this was much worse. The implements
  of torture lashed into her very womanhood tearing waves of agony through her
  whole body. It was if her very soul was being ravaged. Her body was stretched
  taught, her face to the sky and the agonized cry chilled even the more hardened
  of the witnesses. The second lash of the crop hissed then struck heavily into
  her orbs, once more directly across the ravaged nipples. It was too much for
  the resilient flesh to withstand. With the previous lashes having struck that
  area of her left aureole so many times, weakening the fiber of the skin, her
  nipple split and when the crop fell away, her blood oozed copiously from the
  wound, trickling down the underside of her breast in a rivulet to end soaking
  into the torn remnants of her petticoat around her waist. Marie emitted gut
  wrenching scream in response to the incredible pain of the mutilation. The
  hooded executioner looked to his master, wondering if, perhaps, he had gone
  too far at this stage of the proceedings. There was no change in the expression
  of the officer.  
The man to her right continued, but it seemed he had taken account of the
  effect of the previous lash and his crop landed higher, above the aureoles,
  into flesh a little less ravaged. The soft tissue enveloped the thin rod once
  more, absorbing all of its energy and its pain. It was odd to many who had
  not seen such a thing before that the noise of the contact of crop with skin,
  was not louder and sharper given the ferocity with which the blows were applied.
  The other man took heed of his partners aim and he too avoided the nipples
  with his next. His lash struck lower, though, below the big aureoles, towards
  the undersides of the girl's heavy globes, lifting them upwards with its force.  
How many lashes had been applied so far? No one knew, for it mattered not.
  The final number would simply be a function of the girl's strength and the
  skill of her torturers to prolong the execution. Two hundred? Three hundred?
  At this stage no one could guess.  
One officer in the audience held a cine camera which was pointed at the scene
  before him. In his lap were extra films. The whirr of his camera was drowned
  by Marie's screams as the crops continued their ferocious lashing of her tender
  breasts. Stripes darker and more fiery than those left by the less damaging
  straps sprung up across the flesh. The skin was cut in a few places though
  none of these was as deep as the one across her left nipple. The men did not
  even give her the relative respite of striking her abdomen. All lashes were
  aimed deliberately at her precious and vulnerable breasts being beaten barbarically.
  There was not to be even a hint of mercy for the innocent girl.  
&quot;Stop&quot;, came the call from the officer. It seemed only he was counting.
  The relentless flogging stopped and the semi conscious girl slumped in her
  ropes. The two men stepped back a few yards from the frame. Blood oozed from
  several cuts on Marie's scarlet breasts and trickled down her body. She groaned
  and gulped in great breaths of air. Her head hung, her chin resting on her
  chest. The officer in charge approached her once more.  
&quot;Bring smelling salts and a bucket of water&quot;, he ordered. His men
  went to the wall to fetch the things required. The officer walked up to Marie
  and lifted he head up, his hand under her chin. With his other gloved hand,
  he lifted open her left eyelid to examine her pupils. He stepped back.  
&quot;Administer the salts&quot;, he said, &quot;And freshen her up with
  the water.&quot;  
One of the men, holding a tiny bottle, approached Marie and held the bottle
  under her nose. There was no reaction for a few seconds, then suddenly she
  jerked her head away as the powerful odour filled her nostrils. She straightened
  her head and looked around her. Without warning, the other man threw the contents
  of a large bucket of water over her face and chest. She gasped and choked as
  some water entered her mouth, then cried out as she became fully aware again
  of the pain across her body.  
The officer watched the reviving of his victim impassively. &quot;Very well&quot;,
  he stated after a minute or so, &quot;We can proceed.&quot;  
Though the voyeurs in their seats were truly sadistic, for who else could
  witness such a scene and not intervene, none had been forced to attend the
  spectacle. But theirs paled into insignificance compared to sadism of this
  officer. Or perhaps it was not sadism. Perhaps the man truly obtained no pleasure
  from the torture he was controlling. Maybe he was simply so passionate about
  his beliefs that he simply believed what he was doing was right. That individuals,
  no matter who they were deserved to suffer incredible torture for the actions
  they took. And that even one so clearly innocent, so vulnerable, so young made
  no difference to that principle. Who could know? The man's cruelty was only
  matched by his inscrutability.  
He had walked again to his toolshop to choose, carefully the horrible weapon
  which would bring the next phase of indescribable agony to the young Frenchwoman.
  It took him 30 seconds or so before he decided. The anticipation was tangible.  
&quot;I think,&quot; he said coldly, &quot;That it time for the cats. In
  moderation, of course&quot;, he added.  
He grasped two heavy black, thonged whips from their hooks in the wall, weighing
  them as he turned back towards the frame. He brought them to the front of the
  construction to which Marie was bound so that she could see them.  
&quot;These&quot;, he said, &quot;Are classic whips, perhaps the best known
  and most dreaded. They have been used for many centuries to inflict punishment.&quot;  
Marie's eyes gaped in new horror as the sight of them. &quot;Your generous
  breasts will have the opportunity to feel these&quot;, he said, &quot;But for
  now, they will be applied to your back.&quot;  
He handed the heavy whips to the men. &quot;A total of twenty to the back!&quot;,
  he ordered.  
The hooded helpers grasped the heavy whips and moved to the back of the frame.
  Her energy sapped, Marie didn't scream as her torturers moved to their positions.
  She let out a pitiful moan and a plea for mercy. &quot;Nooooooo.....please,
  please, no more ...I beg you.....&quot;. The men stood ready, towering over
  the girl. The heavy whips, used so often in times gone by for the severest
  of punishments in the navy and army would surely destroy the already lash marked
  back of this tender girl. But the sight of her slender whip marked back and
  her pathetic pleas made not even a tiny impact on the brutes. If anything,
  her weakness only fuelled their barbarity. It was what they wanted. The signal
  came and the man behind her right shoulder drew back his cat o' nine tails.
  The swish of the heavy leather thongs through the air had a lower tone than
  the previous whips. The loud 'thwack' as the leather struck her back was awesome.
  The force propelled her whole body forward to the limits of her bonds and her
  muscles. The air was expelled from her lungs, her head flew back. Marie gasped
  in air after a few moments then screamed as the incredible pain seared across
  her back. The heavy thongs had struck the middle of her narrow back, creating
  bright red stripes which spread over a band of perhaps six inches. Upon the
  already red and tender flesh, the pain was unthinkable. But her skin was not
  broken. It was hard to believe she did not pass out. But she did not. She was
  young and strong, a strength which at this moment was not a blessing. Her torturers
  would, at this stage of the punishment of an older or weaker person, have been
  struggling to keep them conscious.  
The second lash of the cat was delivered higher, across her shoulder blades.
  She had braced herself better for this one, tensing her muscles in anticipation
  of the terrible blow. The loud 'THWACK' echoed again around the courtyard.
  Marie shrieked like a banshee once more as the pain ripped through her body.
  The eyes of the audience were transfixed on the almost unreal scene being played
  out before them. Some men groped themselves, some were absolutely still. A
  young woman visibly tensed each time a lash struck its target. The flogging
  continued, slowly and relentlessly. A gap of some eight or so seconds elapsed
  between each powerful stroke allowing Marie to recover a little and to ensure
  she absorbed the pain of each lash before the next struck. The powerful whips,
  designed for the strong backs of sailors and soldiers continued to descend
  upon the soft flesh of the helpless girl.  
The barbaric event continued, relentlessly, without compassion. The heavy
  whips began to open up ragged cuts in the back of the helpless, tortured girl.
  Her flesh was now being damaged beyond full repair. If she were to have lived
  beyond this experience, she would have to bear the scars for life. Her screams
  were now diminishing in intensity as the onslaught weakened her. She hung limp
  from the ropes around her wrists from which blood also trickled from the severe
  chafing, her head slumped forward now. Lash sixteen of the cats bit deep into
  her lower back, cutting a deeper welt into the softer flesh at her left side.
  The seventeenth left her mercifully unconscious and unable to feel the eighteenth
  which struck diagonally from her right shoulder to above her left buttock.
  Her lack of reaction was the signal for the torture to stop.  
&quot;More salts and cold water,&quot; ordered the officer, plainly annoyed
  at this interruption to the proceedings. The men obeyed, fetching the required
  materials for reviving their prisoner to a state of full consciousness and
  awareness so that she could continue to experience the living hell which they
  were intent on continuing. The powerful smelling salts were thrust under her
  nose. It took another few seconds for Marie to revive, the pungent odour pervading
  her nostrils and sinuses and causing her to cough and choke. She jerked her
  head away from the stinging vapour. Her other assailant then drenched her half
  ruined back with another pail of cold water. She gasped and shrieked at this
  new attack on her agonised flesh. Her groans began again as the awful pain
  returned. It had been thirty five minutes now since the start of her ordeal.
  Thirty five minutes of an experience more terrible than her worst visions of
  hell. And the worst horror was to know that it would continue until she died.
  Her once flawless body was being methodically destroyed by the whips of these
  men. What was to be next? She had not long to wait to know. The officer was
  already inspecting the array of weapons once more. Her terror returned to its
  full magnitude as she realized that if the pattern continued, they would return
  to work on her breasts. She looked down, pathetically, at her cut and bruised
  tits, the precious manifestations of her womanhood. Much larger than normal
  now, swollen by the beating, red with purple welts across their fuller parts
  and throbbing painfully. She knew that more punishment would begin to destroy
  them beyond recovery. The lashing of those parts of her body was worse than
  that to her back both because of the incredible pain and because she felt it
  was destroying her very femininity.  
The officer had picked his new tools. He knew that despite her youth and
  the resilience of her flesh, the heavy cats would not take long to destroy
  her breasts. He chose instead slender, willow rods about four feet in length
  which could, if used skillfully, flay and remove only the top layer of skin.
  They would be ruined eventually, he knew. The resilient flesh would be broken
  down by the number and force of the lashes and begin to expose the fibrous
  tissue beneath. At that stage the fat and the delicate tissue beneath and the
  milk ducts would quickly be demolished until the milk glands themselves were
  exposed. At that point, sensitivity would be all but gone, replaced by the
  mental agony of the certainty of disfigurement, mutilation and the destruction
  of a part of her which made her a woman.  
The officer handed the rods to the executioners. From their half inch thick
  leather bound handles, they tapered evenly along their length, to fine points.
  The faceless men strode purposefully to their now familiar positions in front
  of Marie. She wailed in horror and despair in anticipation of the new pain
  to come as they appeared before her. She pulled pathetically on her ropes,
  the muscles of her arms and stomach standing out as she strained against the
  bindings at wrists and ankles, only to sag limply again as the strength failed
  her. They had strung the innocent girl up like a piece of meat. They viewed
  her with neither compassion nor pity but only as an object to work on, from
  which to obtain the response they sought from the brutal application of their
  punishment. Her chest heaved, the magnificent, round breasts rising and falling,
  quivering with terror. Like over-ripe heavy fruits ready to burst. In their
  present state, watchers believed that the thin rods coupled with the power
  of these strong men, would surely slice right though the flesh of the girl's
  tender globes. They waited in cruel anticipation for the next lashes which
  would determine the reality and tell them more about the response of the female
  body to such abuse.  
Marie's anguished wail continued as the men positioned themselves before
  her, analyzing the tortured body of their victim and assessing how and where
  to lay their rods. The one to her right made the first move again. His eyes
  were fixed on the middle of her chest. He drew back his arm and the wail grew
  in pitch as the rod swished forwards in a horizontal arc. The sound was of
  a loud but muffled 'smack' as the willow bit deep, deep into the centers of
  both breasts, bisecting the swollen aureoles. The flesh, though firmed by the
  swelling, retained sufficient softness that the full flesh again enveloped
  the thin rod as its force divided the breast meat on either side of it, the
  power being absorbed by the full flesh until its travel was halted by the rib
  cage beneath. The heavy, vulnerable gourds must surely split in half, thought
  many as they watched in awe. But they did not. The still resilient tissue sprang
  back into its former shape, pushing the willow away, the breasts shuddering
  and wobbling under the savage lash. Another gut-wrenching scream from the innocent
  girl's throat rent the air. A one inch stripe, a brighter red than the surrounding
  colour appeared across her breasts, interrupted by the cleft between them.
  Her right nipple had been struck a direct hit and was split further open. The
  previous seepage of blood became a slow steady, trickle, which ran down the
  underside of her breast and belly to further darken the ripped blouse hanging
  from her waist. Marie's whole body tensed again and she pulled and tugged fiercely
  at her bindings, the automatic reaction was to pull her arms down to protect
  her brutalised bosom but she only succeeded in straining the muscles in her
  arms and increasing the force on her bound wrists.  
The monster to her left then took his turn, lashing his thin rod with his
  left arm again into the fullest parts of Marie's bosom. The left one took the
  majority of the energy of the stroke. The supple switch sunk deep into the
  flesh again, just below the nipple, its tip wrapping itself around the curve
  of the right one. THWACK! She shrieked in agony again.  
&quot;Wait!&quot;, shouted the officer. He approached the men. &quot;More
  subtlety is required, gentlemen&quot;, he said calmly. He looked coldly at
  Marie's chest, pointing with his stubby finger. &quot;I want the skin removed
  from the girl's breasts with these rods. Begin at the top and work downwards.
  I will tell you when to stop.&quot;  
The completion of the command would require a good deal more skill but they
  were well versed in the use of all of these tools. They talked briefly with
  each other for a few moments in low tones which no-one present could hear,
  then the man who had been to the girl's right took up a position more directly
  in front of her while the other retired a few paces, to take no part for the
  time being. The torturer in front of Marie took a few seconds to evaluate his
  strategy, before raising his rod once more. This time, he sliced the weapon
  into the top of the left side of her left breast, but as the rod approached
  the flesh, he pulled it back slightly almost with a flick, instead of simply
  following through as before. It bit less deep this time, but instead, as the
  watchers could see as the rod fell away, drew a thin, horizontal line of blood
  some four inches in length along the side of the full flesh of her tit. He
  waited less time than previously before making the same stroke again, only
  this time a fraction of an inch below the previous lash. Another thin line
  of blood was drawn, just below the first. By the time the third open cut was
  visible, the spectators could see the pattern and the plan. The left end of
  the fourth, biting cut just touched the right edge of her wide left aureole,
  its right end cut into her flank where the side of her breast met her upper
  ribs.  
The new strokes continued relentlessly downwards. Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen
  were to the lower part of Marie's brutalised breast and above the last lash,
  the whole side was raw and bleeding. When the brute's lashes reached the lower
  part of the breast, he stopped for a moment, then moved to a position slightly
  further to Marie's right. Then he began the process again, this time lashing
  the willow rod across the front of her breast at the same height as the first
  lash to the left side. The girl's screams became higher pitched still as the
  lashes moved slowly downwards towards her ravaged nipple. The tenth and eleventh
  lashes bit into the dark aureole above her nipple. The next struck full into
  her tender bud itself and she shrieked out in indescribable pain as the skin
  was flayed from the erect nipple. She lapsed once more into merciful unconsciousness.
  The hooded man looked to his superior but this time received no sign to stop.
  He turned back to his task and made his next lash immediately below the limp
  girl's nipple. There was no response from the young woman as proceeded to complete
  the flaying of her left breast with six more biting strokes. It was strange
  to hear the 'THWACK' of each one striking the soft flesh without the agonized
  screams which normally followed. The punishment stopped and the courtyard was
  silent apart from the laboured breathing of the unconscious girl.  
The spectators shuffled around in their seats, some murmuring quietly to
  one another, the tension having been alleviated for the moment. This was more
  brutal than even the more hardened of them had witnessed before.  
Blood now oozed and seeped from many places on Marie's raw left breast. Most
  of the upper layer of epidermis had been stripped away by the scourging of
  the willow rod. The man who had been resting while his cohort carried out the
  last phase now fetched more water in a bucket from next to the courtyard wall.
  He brought it back and threw its contents over Marie's face and chest. The
  limp girl slowly regained her senses once again and as the pain and the reality
  of her terrible situation returned, she moaned and sobbed in terror and despair.
  As she looked at the rows of observers, their eyes still fixed on her, some
  seemed impassive to her agony and her plight; some, strangely looked sympathetic,
  even embarrassed to be there. She realized that she was still alive; that the
  nightmare was not over; that she would have to endure more. More agony, more
  mutilation - the humiliation had long become irrelevant. She recovered her
  balance and took the weight off her shoulders and wrists by standing once more
  on her toes. Could she summon some remaining strength, she thought, to continue
  and to die with some dignity? She was going to try, at least, she thought.
  In spite of the inhumanity of her executioners and their desire to destroy
  her pride and her womanhood.  
&quot;The cats once more!&quot;, ordered the officer. &quot;Front and back,
  simultaneously&quot;, he added coldly.  
The orders sapped her will. Oh God, she thought. How could she summon the
  wherewithal and the strength to salvage some dignity now. They were going to
  flog her tortured body again with these most savage of instruments. Her torn
  back, but worst of all, her front was to be torn to shreds now by the heaviest
  of their whips. It was unthinkable, impossible. At least now, she hoped, she
  would pass away in some minutes from the ferocity of the punishment to be free
  of this horror for ever. Marie prepared herself for the end. She would try,
  at least, to maintain some pride, summon some last vestiges of resistance. "Vive
  La France", she whispered quietly, "Give me strength".  
The executioners had fetched their heavy cats o' nine tails and stood ready,
  the right handed of them at her rear, the left handed at her front. The whips
  hung heavy in their strong grips, the last seven or eight inches of their thick
  leather thongs lying on the paving stones of the courtyard. Marie had not been
  able to see them clearly before. they looked so evil, so black, so heavy. And
  now their power would be applied to her agonized breasts as well as her lacerated
  back. Despair, hopelessness enveloped her&gt;  
&quot;Nooooooooooooooo!!!!&quot;, she wailed with her last ounces of energy,
  ashamed of her weakness. &quot;Have mercy, I can't take more......I beg.....please.....please.........&quot;  
Success gleamed in the officer's eyes, though his expression was unchanged.
  It was how he wanted it to be. There was to be no dignity for this enemy of
  the Third Reich He, too, knew this might well be the final phase.  
&quot;Proceed!&quot;, he commanded.  
The brute to her rear was first to strike, the one who had, only minutes
  before, stripped the skin from her precious breast with the rod. He pulled
  the heavy thongs back over his right shoulder, then, with all his might, swung
  the savage whip forwards. There was a loud and ominous 'THWAP' as the thick
  leather strands made contact with Marie's bloody back, just below her shoulder
  blades. The ends curled around her right side and bit into her ribs. Her head
  flew back , her mouth opened wide and a scream of pain, albeit less strong
  than her earlier response, erupted from her throat. Some ten seconds elapsed
  and then there was the low 'SWISH' of the second torturer's cat flying through
  the dry, warm air. She opened her tear-filled eyes in time to see the terrible
  whip flying towards her tortured breasts. Her eyes closed tight. The leather
  thongs spread wide across the expanse of her tortured tits, biting deep, deep
  into the swollen and bleeding flesh, squashing and flattening the resilient
  masses against her chest in a way which no other substance known to man would
  react. For an instant, the flesh bulged out like a deformed balloon, above
  and below the six inch wide band of savage contact. And when the thongs fell
  away, the ravaged orbs shuddered and bounced wildly for some seconds such was
  the force of the blow. The agony of hell. This was the worst Marie's young
  body had yet endured. A gut wrenching wail of pure pain was emitted from her
  wide open mouth.  
The same young female officer who been hiding her feelings of shock could
  not avoid letting out a small shriek of horror as the lash struck home but
  loud enough to be heard, even through Marie's scream, by the commanding officer.
  He glowered at the woman and she shrank back in fear doing her utmost to conceal
  her shock. Had he cats o'nine tails, in their history of use ever been used
  in such a sadistic and barbaric way before, she wondered. Applied with the
  full ferocity of a powerful man to the defenseless, tender breasts of any woman,
  let alone a girl not yet a score of years in age. Who could know. She could
  not even begin to imagine such torture applied to her own ample bosom. She
  had never in her life imagined such sadistic savagery and had never thought
  that this spectacle she had been tempted to witness could be so terrible. She
  silently prayed for the execution to reach it's conclusion quickly. Even as
  the thoughts ran through her mind, the second powerful lash struck the girl's
  back, lower this time, at the level of the kidneys. Its force propelled her
  forward, at least as far as her tight bonds would allow. Her back arched, her
  body stretched to the limits of her aching muscles and of the taught ropes
  which had held her immobile for last hour and a half, while her torturers had
  inflicted their barbaric punishment on her tender body. Another piercing screech
  of agony burst from her lips. They let another ten seconds passed until the
  scream had ebbed away and her body had become relatively static, before the
  next lash, to her front again was launched. To her front? It was merely code
  for the breasts, now enormous, perhaps half again as large as their former
  size, from the beating they had endured. Had she been smaller in the bust,
  perhaps they would have spread the lashes over her belly. But for Marie, the
  two targets were simply too obvious to be ignored, even once. And, too, they
  knew from her reactions that this was the way she suffered most. The nine coarse
  and heavy leather thongs smacked ferociously into the fullest part of her bosom.
  The force with which the executioner had swung the whip had kept the thongs
  closer together this time and the band of contact was narrower, some five or
  so inches broad. Accuracy was not a requirement with these tools; brute strength
  was all that was required. Both breasts were smashed, again, into her chest.
  It was too much for the vulnerable skin, stretched tight over the swollen right
  breast. The ravaged and tenderized skin split in a number of places. The dam
  burst and blood oozed freely from the multiple cuts. Marie screamed in pure
  agony as her blood flowed from her ruined breast and ran in rivulets down her
  belly. The hopelessness and inevitability of it all was as awful for her as
  the pain. Her chest heaved as she fought for breath after the long scream had
  ended. Could anyone imagine a scene so cruel and so sadistic? And for what
  reason? Because of her so called 'crime' against these people? Surely not,
  despite the earlier rhetoric. Because she was the enemy or a demonstration
  of power? Less likely still. For their pleasure, because of her innocence,
  her vulnerability, her youth? Maybe it was these things for some. She would
  never know, never understand.  
Suddenly, as the executioner to her rear swung his whip back to impart the
  next lash, the sound of many motorised vehicles could be heard speeding towards
  the remote coachhouse. The man froze listening to the growing noise of the
  many engines. He lowered his cat o' nine tails and listened more as did all
  of those present. The officers in the audience turned to each other, agitated,
  and surprised. Moments later, seven armoured vehicles laden with SS troops
  roared into the courtyard, encircling the area where the execution was taking
  place. The soldiers, some thirty of them surrounded the shocked people, their
  arms at the ready. There was silence for a minute. A senior SS officer got
  out of the lead car, his lugar in hand, pointing at the officer who had leading
  the proceedings.  
&quot;This is utter barbarity, Hauptmann&quot;, he shouted, clearly familiar
  with the officer who now paled with horror. &quot;It is completely illegal
  under our constitution and laws&quot;, he added. &quot;You will all face court
  martial, and I will ensure you pay heavily for this atrocity.&quot; He beckoned
  to his men. &quot;Untie the girl&quot;, he ordered, &quot;And take her immediately
  to receive medical treatment.&quot; Four soldiers moved quickly to Marie and
  began to release her carefully from the frame.  
He turned back to Hauptmann. &quot;For your sake&quot;, he said, &quot;She
  had better live. Otherwise it will be a firing squad for you.&quot; Hauptmann
  became whiter still, unable to summon words to respond.  
&quot;Arrest them all and take them back to headquarters in Paris. We will
  deal with them there&quot;, concluded the SS officer.  
As the first car left with Marie for a hospital, the audience was rounded
  up at gunpoint to be taken to Paris for trial.  
EPILOGUE   
Marie did survive, physically , at least. Mentally, of course, she would
  never heal. All members of the audience that day were discharged dishonorably
  from service. Despite the fact that his innocent prisoner survived, Hauptmann
  was executed by firing squad a few days later, secretly and without fuss in
  a small wood on the outskirts of Paris.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Williej


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





