BDSM Library - A Cheerleader's Story




A Cheerleader's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lindsey believed cheerleading was her life. She discovered other things about herself while trying to make the team.
 
              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Introduction

This is an F/f story. No character is or was ever
real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 
author. No part of this story may be used or posted 
on a site without expressed permission of the author.
This is the authors first F/f attempt. Please
send comments to  wrighter4u@yahoo.com


Sammi was a beautiful petite captain of a state
competitive cheer team. Sammi was rich, arrogant,
and conceited. 
Lindsey, a poor girl but a good cheerleader wanted 
to make next years varsity squad. The captain chose
members of the JV squad. It was her decision who 
moved up to varsity. 
Lindsey believed cheerleading was her life. She 
discovered other things about herself while trying 
to make the team. These, other things, caused burning 
desires more powerful than she had ever before
encountered.




              A Cheerleader's Story

                   Chapter One

I have felt a compulsion to tell my story for sometime.
I have been hesitant to do so because I could see no 
possible good could ever come from such a story. 

I was born poor in a small town. I wanted to be a 
cheerleader for as long as I could remember. I had no
problems making the cheer squads until I got in high 
school, Senior High was a real problem. The captain
ran the squad. If she wanted you on the team you made 
it, if she did not, you did not make it. Skill was not 
the determining factor. I was one of the better cheerleaders
on the JV squad my freshman year. 

The captain of the senior varsity squad was a junior.
She was very pretty with lots of blonde hair and 
sparkling brown eyes. Her parents were rich and she
wore expensive outfits all the time. She was the elite
and knew it. She was very stuck up. She put people down 
daily yet she was still popular. It was like she could
do no wrong. She did not go out with guys much. Some
said she was way to good for the local guys. Some said 
she preferred girls. I was to learn a lot about her.

A couple weeks before school was out Samantha walked up 
to me. 

"I heard you were trying out for the Varsity."

"Yes, anything you can do to help me, I would appreciate."

She laughted in my face. "What makes you think you are 
Varsity material? Oh I know you can do lots of stunts.
I know of your gymnastic skills but there is a lot
more required of a JV girl before she makes the Varsity.
Do you really want to tryout?"

I was excited Samantha asked me. I was excited she was 
even talking to me. I knew she was stuck up but I also 
thought she was sooo beautiful.

"Yes, I am trying out." I managed to say.

"We have all summer to get you in shape. To mold you
into the person you must be to fit in." She told me.

"I will take you on, as sort of a trial for this summer.
When school is out for the summer, give me a call. I
will tell you now, you must be willing to work very hard
all summer until tryout time. Even then, you must work 
extra hard all year. It will be my senior year. I want
it to be memorable."

She looked me up and down. I almost wilted under her 
icy stares that seemed to cut to the bone.

"I am not at all sure you can measure up. I doubt if you
have what it takes to go the distance. You will probably
give up and I will have wasted a lot of my valuable time 
training you. If you do, I will see to it that you will 
never cheer again. Got it?"

It was not the words Samantha said but how she said them
and with her put down looks. She was clearly superior and 
knew it. I knew I would never let her down. I would do
whatever it took.

As soon as school was out on the last day I saw her across
the school parking lot. She was about to get in her car.

"Samantha!" I called to her and ran towards her. I know
she saw me, she looked right at me. She put her pretty 
little nose in the air, gave her blonde pony tail a swish 
and a bounce, got in her car and sped away. I stepped 
back to avoid being ran down.

I was devastated. I just knew my cheer days were about to 
end. I enjoyed it so much too. The girls were very cute.
I was larger and always was part of the base. I had thoughts
of kissing the soft inner thighs of Sarah, the cheerleader 
I was part of the base for. I liked it when she stepped in 
my hand and I helped boost her up. I never minded when she 
put her weight on my leg, arms, side or back, or whatever 
the stunt choreographed, even though on ocassion her shoes
scuffed my skin. I was always so careful when I caught her 
too. There had been several times I was hurt a little 
protecting her. That is the responsibility of a good base.

I did not call Samantha the next day. I did not call her 
until Friday. I could stand the anguish no longer. I 
called her cell number. 

She answered and just the sound of her voice made me tingle.

"Why are you calling me?" She answered in her, I am so 
superior voice. 

I told her I like really wanted to be a varsity cheerleader.
I rushed on and said I would be a really good base for her.
I told her how I would always assist her and make her look
good with the cheers.

"I will look good whomever I have as my base. I am having
doubts about you anyway. I really do not believe you can 
cut it and I do not want to waste my time training you. It 
is not just cheering, there are other responsibilities for 
the one I choose as my number one base."

Wow! I thought. I was being considered as her number one base!
That would make me the number one base on the whole squad.
Wow! The number one base on a state, maybe even, national cheer
team. My heart was racing.

"Please, Sammi, please give me the chance. You will never be 
sorry. I promise. I will do everything you say, just the way 
you want it done."

I heard giggling. It seemed like forever before she spoke.

"I am saving that. Do not forget all that you just said. You
promised to, "Do EVERYTHING I say,' and 'Just the WAY I want 
it!' (g) Alright, you get your chance to, "Do everything I
want just the way I like it!' Get your ass over here. Like now!"

I rushed to her house. She lived about ten blocks from me. I 
rode my bicycle as fast as I could. I had powerful legs and was 
a very good cyclist.

I arrived not even breathing hard. I rang her bell. She was so
lucky she had been borned rich, not poor like me. She lived
in a beautiful home in a nice subdivision. The lawn was 
immaculately sculptured, lawn service, of course. I mowed
ours with a push mower!

I waited a full minute then rang again.

Almost another minute passed, these minutes seemed like ten.

Sammi opened the door. She was lounging around the house
and look gorgeous. Most girls would give anything to look
that good at their best.

She was talking on her cellie and waved me inside without 
ever missing a word to whomever she was talking. She pointed
toward the living room and walked down the hall and into 
another room, still talking.

After a few minutes she reappeared.

"Soooo you want to be my base?  I will give you the chance.
It will not be easy. I have to be sure you are truly dedicated
to me and to the team. I have ways of testing you to be 
positive. We will start now. You know, I do have to be 
positive. The things you must do for me will enable me to 
assess just how dedicated you really are."

Her smile increased as she was talking. Her brown eyes 
sparkled. She was enjoying my apprehensiveness immensely.

"Well.....say something. Do you want this or not?"

"Oh yes, sure I do." I responded. hoping my voice did not 
betray me and show my doubts. Cheering was my life. Without
it I would be a nobody,lost among the student body. I was
certain of that.

"Great!" Sammi became more vibrant and took on a superior
mode. "Follow me. I will show you my room and what you 
must do for me. I am into clean.....no make that immaculate.
I do not have time for cleaning. I hate it too. It is sooo
demeaning."

She turned abruptly. I almost bumpted into her. My eyes
were glued to her ass. Mine was not shaped like that. Her's
was beautiful, like everything about her. Mine did not have
that shape that everyone, boys and girls love so much.

"This is where you earn your chance to be my base. You,
Lindsey, will be my slave. Yeah, remember, 'I will do
everything, just the way you want it!' Remember?"

She moved her cute little head so dramatically her pony
tail bounced. Even that was perfect. She had lots of 
blonde hair. That made her pony tail seem almost alive as 
it bounced and bobbled when she walked and talked. When
she ran, well, it assumed a life of it's own.

I noticed my mouth was still opened, about the time Sammi
said. "Close your mouth, there are no flies in here to 
catch. I am going for a swim. I want to see my room picked 
up, everything cleaned, and yeah, Lindsey, clean my 
bathroom too. It has been neglected."

She turned. I followed her into her bedroom. She went to
a huge walk-in closet and got a tiny bikini. She turned
her ass towards me again really close and said.

"Unfasten my necklace and help me undress."

My fingers were all thumbs as I unfastened the clip.
I felt tiny electric shocks surge through me when my 
fingers touched her skin. Perfect skin tones. Not dark
but still almost copper. Not from hours in the tanning 
booths either, this was Sammi's skin, all natural and 
beautiful.

By the time I had it unfastened she was out of her shorts 
and removing her top. I stared at her. I could not help
it. Sure I had seen her cheer panties many times. I
was still mesmerized. Sammi noticed it too. She never 
missed much.

"Are your eyes hitting on my ass, Lindsey? Why, I believe
they are. Get on your knees and I will let you remove my
panties."

She was almost breathless as she spoke those words. I was
still speechless. I slowly sunk to my knees, my eyes never 
left her bod. When I was on my knees my face was even with
her abdomen. Her tummy was flat and muscular. I looked up 
at her. Her face had an expression I had never seen before.

She recovered her composure before I. "Lindsey, the sun will
be gone before you remove my panties at the speed you are 
moving. I swear I think you are into girls or something!"

"It is, it is you are more, well perfect than I have ever
seen." I was tongue tied.

Sammi looked down at me with a warmer smile than I had seen 
on her before. It did not even look fake.

I sat on the floor and reached for her panties at the sides 
of her hips. I hooked my thumbs in the waist band of a 
pretty pair, "Fredericks of Hollywood". Sammi could be in 
Hollywood, for sure.

I pulled them down slower than I should have. I looked at
her neatly trimmed blonde bush. I had never seen a blonde
bush before. Sammi stepped forward. Without a thought I
kissed her bush. I know it was stupid. It was there in front 
of me. It was beautiful, I desired it, so I done it.

Sammi stepped back a look of horror on her face. "Why did 
you do that? You are into girls arn't you. Well! I never 
immagined that!"

I was so embarrassed. There was no hole to crawl into. 
No place to go, no place to hide. She continued to stare
at me. I was looking down at the floor. I raised my eyes 
a little and was looking at her slit in the middle of a 
perfect mound. I had had feelings before, never like this. 
I wanted to bury my face in her crotch and eat her out. 
I wanted to taste her pussy. I could scent a slight 
aroma from it. I had not noticed that before. 

I still said nothing. My eyes widened as I saw a trace
of milky white forming in her pussy. Why was she cumming?
I had read a lot but knew nothing from experience. Hell,
I had never had, "an experience."

I knew Sammi was turned on by our encounter. She was not
thinking of a guy. At least I did not think she was!

I leaned forward. I was like in a trance. Sammi looked 
down at me and stepped forward. My lips touched her skin.
Her aroma was much stronger now. I began kissing Sammi.
I kissed her everywhere. Her flat little tummy, her cute 
little belly button, I kissed her bush again too. Why did
I love the feel of her blonde bush against my lips? I 
felt her hands on my head pushing my mouth to her pussy.
I did not resist. I opened my mouth and licked her lips.
I had never tasted cum before. It had a sweet taste. 
Surely no other girl tasted like this I thought as I 
licked again. Sammi was now thrusting her pussy at my 
face and pulling on my head with her hands. 

My brain was in a roar of confusion. I loved it but heavy
confused guilt feelings were present too. I pushed them 
aside and continued to lick Sammi's pussy. When she began 
to make little noises I removed my hand from around her 
and pushed it down to my g spot. Sammi felt my hand 
against her and pulled away from me.

"Stop it, Lindsey!" She scolded. "Bad girl! You can not
play with yourself. You are here for my pleasure. Remove 
your hand from your pants or leave.!"

She pointed towards the door for emphasis. 

Would she really do that? I was not at all sure. She
seemed very sure of what she was doing. Sammi was in 
control. I had never seen her when she was not in control. 
She was even in control in the class room.

I removed my hand and said, "Sorry."

She moved back to me and we resumed. 

"Move your tongue over my clit. Ohhhhh that is the right 
spot. Take it in your lips, Ohhhh yes, yes! Suck on it a 
little. Lindsey you are going to become an expert at 
eating my pussy. Ohhhh multis all summer for me. I want 
you here everyday. Ohhhh yes, yes, yes, she screamed as 
she reached orgasm on my face. I pushed my tongue in her 
pussy and up her love canal as far as I could. I strained 
my tongue for one more millimeter. Her jucies flowed into
my mouth. I swallowed. I loved it. I did not care what the 
whole world thought. I was on edge. I wanted relief so 
badly. I reached for my pussy again. 

Sammi grabbed my wrist. She was strong. Like really strong 
for a small girl. Sammi was only about 5'2" or 3".

"Lindsey, you can not do that. Not here or anywhere without
my permission. That is the most important part of your slave 
relationship to me. I have to own you. If you disobey me, 
I don't own you. If I don't own you, you are nothing to me."

She looked at me. Her gaze was one of total seriousness. Like,
I know that, why don't you know that?

"I need to so bad, Sammi. I feel like I may burst. I have to, 
Sammi." I said as I reached for my pussy again. 

Sammi's hand flashed with lightening speed and slapped me hard.

My head went sideways. It hurt. My first impulse was to beat 
the shit out of her. I started to tackle her.....I stopped. I 
looked up at her. 

"I am sorry Sammi." I said. That was the second time I had 
said that, unsure of why. I had done nothing to be sorry for, 
had I?

"You have to learn, Lindsey. It will be difficult. I will 
train you but you must want me to. You must want to be 
trained more than anything. Even more than cheerleading. 
Cheerleading is for a few years. This training can change 
your life forever."

She moved her pussy to my face. "Kiss and lick me some more,"
She said gazing down at me. 

My mouth went to her mound. My tongue began exploring her 
crevices, folds, and lips. I was in love with Sammi Smith.
I knew I was deeply in love. I thought about what had just 
happened. I did not think my life would ever be the same 
again. 




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Author's Note

When you see, (g) in the story it means the person giggles.

                   Chapter Two

When Sammi's sexual appetite was satiated she casually
said, "Lindsey help me with my bathing suit. While I am 
smimming and tanning, you clean this place. Like really 
clean, OK?" 

It was not a question. It was a command. I helped her
dress, I was so horny. I kissed her pussy while kneeling
in front of her as I tied her bottoms. She had one 
fabulous ass. She giggled.

"I am simply going to adore owning you. I will train you
to give me the very best in oral attention. I will want
for nothing. You, though, will have very few orgasms!
Keep your hands off your pussy!"

She twisted her gorgeous ass and made her pony tail
bounce more than usual as she walked away.

"Oh, slave, if you miss me too awfully much, you can 
sniff my panties before you hand wash them!"

She giggled all the way outside.

I went to the window. I could see her as she dove in the 
water. She had the most beautiful diving form. I touched
my pussy. I was wet. I played with myself some. My sexual
needs increased. I picked up the panties I just removed
from her. I turned them wrong side out and slowly put
them to my face. I inhaled deeply allowing her aroma
to fill my nostrils. I held my breath, then released
the air through my mouth and inhaled again. A deep breath.
I did this several times. I lowered my empty hand to
my pussy. I inserted two fingers. I lay on the floor
with Sammi's panties to my face and my fingers in my pussy.
I wanted to obey Sammi and not do this. My need was to
great. I could not stop. I would cease for a few seconds,
but return to my sexual activity with even a greater need.
I lowered the crotch of her panties to my mouth and licked.
I had never done anything like this before. They did not
taste bad at all. I was surprised at how good they taste.
I had just eaten her pussy and swallowed a lot of her cum.
It was good, but I thought her panties would not be. I
licked and licked as I had my first orgasm enhanced by
something of  another female. It was the most intense 
orgasm I had ever had. I even cried out Sammi's name. 

As my breathing returned to normal I continued to lick her 
panties. One part of me felt perverted, another part felt 
very satisfied. I could live with these unsure feelings I 
thought for the pleasures I had just had. Why would Sammi
not want me to reach orgasms by giving her pleasure?

I was getting off the floor and saw Sammi out of the corner 
of my eye. I could feel my mouth drop open.

"You slut, you whore, you creep! I gave you an order! No
masturbation! You disobeyed me! Get out of my house! If
you have no more control than that!"

"You have not cleaned a thing! You have been up here all 
this time acting like the slut you are! I will have 
nothing of you." Sammi said.

She was furious. I really did not understand. I loved her.

"Please, Sammi, I love you." I heard my voice speak. I
sounded far, far away.

"I really don't give a damn if you love me or not! You
disobeyed me. For what? Your own sexual gratification!
Your gratification is nothing. I have never been so
pissed at anyone in my whole life!"

"Please Sammi. Please. I will make it up to you. I promise.
I will do anything for you. It is not the cheerleading 
anymore. I am in love with you. I have never felt like this 
before. I tried to control myself. I could not. You are so 
beautiful and perfect. I, I got carried up into the moment. 
I am sorry Sammi. Please give me another chance." I said
while in a kneeling position on the floor.

"I may. But if I agree to, you must accept whatever punishment 
I deem appropriate."

Sammi had that superior smirk I had seen so many times and 
disliked until now. She stepped closer to me and put her bare 
foot to my face. 

"Lick my foot slave, lick all of it really good. Lick the 
bottom, I may have stepped in something. I hope it was shit!"

Sammi giggled and looked down at me. She had a totally
superior expression. She began to smile. The smile started
with down turned lips and gradually grew to a large smile.

"This is not your punishment, slave. I am allowing you to 
do this because you worship me and want to. You will not 
enjoy the punishment, I can promise you that!"

I ran my tongue over Sammi's foot. I sucked and licked each 
toe. She was patient with me even though I was taking a l
ong time to do all of her foot. I could hardly keep my hand 
away from my pussy.

"Call your house and get permission to spend the weekend 
here with me. I am going to punish you all weekend. I will 
really get off on hearing you cry for mercy. I am not a 
merciful person. You do know that, don't you slut?"

I continued to lick Sammi's foot. There was nothing on the 
bottom of her foot. I doubt if there was any dirt, really. 
Their house was very clean.

I took the phone she was offering me and dialed my number.
My mom answered and I asked for permission to stay at 
Sammi's.

"Sure, dear, Sammi is that sweet little cheerleader, is 
she not. She is so cute. You will need somethings to spend 
the night though. I am going to town, I will drop them off 
for you if you like."

"That would be great, mom, thanks." I said.

I handed the phone back to Sammi.

"You handled that very well, slave. I will not start your
punishment until she comes by. I would not want your mom
to see you in tears! (g) She might not think I was so sweet!
You will be able to tell her how sweet I am after this 
weekend. You will know I am made of sugar, spice, and
everything nice!" (g)

"Now get your ass busy and clean this place!" 

She gave a kick with her foot to my face. Her foot hit 
my nose and made tingles go over me. It hurt. I touched
my nose to see if it was bleeding. There was no blood.

I got up and started cleaning her room. She went back to 
the pool. 

I cleaned her bedroom then went to her bathroom. I cleaned
her sink then cleaned her tub/shower. Both needed cleaning 
although they were cleaner than mine at home. I was not
a tidy person although I knew how to clean. I turned to
her toilet. I felt strange. It was like something had
control of me. I knelt before her toilet and kissed the seat
where Sammi sits. I kissed it several times. I put out my
tongue and my hand went to my g spot. I made little circles
on it while licking Sammi's toilet seat. I could feel the heat
building in my crotch. I put my other hand in my pants. I was 
wet. I inserted one finger than another. Realization hit me.
I jerked my hands away and raised up off my knees. My eyes 
quickly went to the door. I just knew she was there. She was 
not. I had not been caught. I went back to work on her toilet
with the cleaning supplies.

I heard a car horn I knew it was mom. I ran out to get my things.

"Where is Sammi?" Mom asked. "You look so hot."

"We have been practicing a dance routine, really hard. Gotta run. 
See you later. Thanks again, mom."

I stopped at the steps and looked back. Mom was gone. I was
now at the mercy of Sammi for the weekend. Sammi had said
she was not merciful. She had said I would cry? I opened the
door and entered to see a smiling Sammi. This smile was one of 
a conquerer smiling at a defeated foe. The thought crossed my
mind to run. I did not. I stood proud and said.

"I am ready for my punishment, Your Majesty."

Sammi giggled. "Drop to your knees slave. This weekend you
must always be on your knees when in my presence unless ordered 
to be in some other position."

I dropped to my knees in front of Sammi. She was radiant. I
could feel these strange sensations passing over my body. 
Sensations I did not fully understand. It was like all of my 
nerve endings were on fire. Sammi was beautiful, truly beautiful.
In fact, she was awesome.

I watched as if in a trance as her hands dropped to her bikini 
ties. Instantly her bikini bottom was on the floor at her feet.
My eyes were glued to her pussy. I was consious of my tongue.
Could it actually get bigger? It felt like it was. I licked
my lips and swallowed to avoid drooling. I raised my eyes and
looked into Sammi's gorgeous brown eyes. I felt my mouth
open on its own volition. My head leaned forward as if it had
a mind of its own. Sammi stepped forward. My mouth eagerly
sought her pussy. I had lost many of my inhibitions. I wanted
her so badly. I let my tongue run over her lips. I took one 
in my mouth, gently sucking it before moving to the other.
 
Sammi took another step forward. She placed her legs over my 
shoulders. My hands went up to provide additional seating 
room for her ass. The skin of her ass was soft but the muscles
of her ass were so hard and taunt.

She let me support all of her weight as her crotch pressed 
tightly against my face. I could feel her heat building. It 
was already just like an oven. 

I was reminded of a girl in the eighth grade for whom I 
served as a base. She sat on my neck lots of times. I could 
feel her heat after she had been there for even a short time. 
I now know it was because she was turned on by sitting on me.
She liked that position. I mean she liked that as a sexual 
position.

I was having a little problem breathing when Sammi would
squeeze my face with her soft thighs. I quickly learned
to inhale when her thighs were not pressing so hard on the 
sides of my face. 

I inserted my tongue. Sammi's juices were already forming.
I could taste her cum in my mouth. She was making little 
noises as my tongue circled her clit. It was growing by 
the second too. As soon as it was larger I took it in my 
mouth and sucked on it. 

Sammi put her hand on her G spot. She began making circles 
with it. Several times her nails scraped my face. I knew I 
had been cut. Sammi had beautiful long manicured nails. I 
do not know how she managed them with her cheerleading. I 
now remember though, her base got cut several times. 
Sammi never seemed to notice. The base never complained. 
I now knew why.

Sammi screamed. I felt her body shudder. She gripped my 
face with her thighs. I thought she would squeeze my face 
flat. I could not breath. Even after her body stopped 
shuddering she kept a death grip on my face. My chest 
began to hurt. I started to panic from lack of oxygen. I 
pulled on her legs. I got them apart enough to gasp air 
into my lungs. Sammi farted. Methane from her body interred 
my lungs. It burned. I kept gasping for breath. I put my 
arms out to keep from falling backwards. With each deep
intake of air I inhaled more fart. She farted again.
I hurt. Sammi was laughing, really laughing. I felt 
everything move around me as I lost consiousness. 

When I came to, I could smell Sammi. I opened my eyes. I 
began to remember the last events. Sammi's panties were 
across my face. She had wiped herself with them and left 
them on my face. 

I inhaled her feminine odor. I was in love with Sammi.
I began to lick her panties, savoring each lick. My
tongue had made several passes acrossed her panties when 
I had the sensation that I was being ewatched. I raised
up. Sammi was sitting on the couch, a "Seventeen Magazine"
in her hand. A contented smile on her face. Her eyebrows
raised.

"You just may be the best of the lot. I have had several
slaves, most did not last the cheer season. You may though.
I have great expectations of you. Don't disappoint me, 
Lindsey. You would not like a disappointed Sammi!"




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Three

Sammi gave me that smile, the one where the corners
of her mouth turn down,

"Come to me. I want to be carried to my basement. That 
is where I do my cheer and dance practice. You will
either hate it, or love it there. I love it!"

I felt alright now. I never even thought if I could
have been killed. I thought of how I loved the scent 
and taste of everything that was Sammi. I hope I did
not inwardly like the fart. The memory came back to me.
That was repulsive. She may be beautiful outside but 
inside, phew! I am not so sure.

I crawled to her. She smiled as she slid off the couch
on my shoulders. She was dressed in hip hugger, short
shorts. Her crotch was in my face. She locked her ankles
around me.

"Crawl backwards. I will guide you!"

She pulled on my left ear. I felt her nails. I also felt 
burning on my face. I knew that was from the cuts of her 
nails during our lovemaking session. 

I turned and crawled the best I could. That was not easy
to do. Sammi giggled and berated me for my efforts.

"Lindsey! Slave! My grandmother is more athletic than you!
Is this the fastest you can crawl! I can see you will 
require a lot of conditioning. I am just the trainer who 
can put you through your paces. If you last the summer, 
you will be in great shape for cheer season. My bases 
always are in the best condition." She said in her haughty 
voice.

I speeded up my backward crawl. Each crawl step required 
my waist to flex and my upper body to twist. I can see why 
all of Sammi's bases had great abs.

I dreaded the stairs but we never went that way. Instead
we went outside. Sammi opened the door and I manuevered
us through it which required a lot of Sammi's ear guidance
It was very demanding on my ears.

It hurt when my knees left the carpeted area and touched 
the concrete. I needed knee pads for this. Each backward 
step required a twist of my knee on the concrete. In just 
a few feet my knees were burning. Sammi never noticed. 
After a few steps I said.

"Sammi, may I walk upright and carry you?"

"Are you addressing ME slave? I never requested  you to
speak."

I heard a swish and instant pain as a multi thong whip
hit my back. Swish, it hit again. I arched my back in pain.
The next swish I arched before the whip struck.

"I am a Princess, you are a slave. Slaves do not talk to 
princesses unless requested to speak or given permission 
to talk. Like that is going to happen this weekend. I do 
not care about your stupid knees. They are not very 
attractive anyway. From now on, you will need to wear pads. 
You are so stupid, I do not understand how you ever learned 
to cheer! Like why do I even bother with you?"

"Get moving! Faster slave!" Sammi said as she hit my back
with her whip again. I did not see her pick one up. I guess 
she must have got it when we were going down the hall. She 
sure knew how to use it. I knew she could swing it a whole 
lot harder. I did not want her to. I never cared much for 
pain. I began to doubt my sanity because I had thoughts 
that pain from Sammi was erotic. Not as bad as any other 
pain I had experienced. I noticed that, when her nails cut
my face during our lovemaking. It hurt, but I, well maybe,
liked it. I thought it was due to the moment. I was also 
experiencing these strange never before feelings while not
in a lovemaking session. I did not want her to strike me 
with that instrument of pain, however, when she did so, I 
did not resent it. I certainly felt no desire to strike 
her back. I wanted instead to try harder to please her.

She pulled on my ear. Her nails cut the base of my ear.
I turned. She leaned forward, which bent me backwards, to
open a door. She struck me again.

"Move it slave." Sammi said.

Each time she spoke her voice grew haughtier and more
demanding.

I carried her acrossed the floor until she pulled on both 
ears. I presumed that was a signal for me to stop.

Sammi dismounted, and said.

"Stand, slave. and raise your arms as high as you can."

Sammi climbed steps and fastened my wrist above my head.

"Kiss this." She commanded as she put her riding crop to
my mouth. It was leather and had several leather straps 
attached to the handle. The handle was ornate with a strap 
which slipped over her wrist.

She put her hands in my shorts and pulled them down with
a quick motion. 

"Those are not very sexy panties you know. They look like
my mom's panties. If you are in to panties like these, 
maybe you would enjoy my mom's panties! (g) I will go up
and get a pair for you!"

Sammi was laughing as she ran up the steps. She returned
quickly holding a pair of soiled panties way out in front 
of her. She was holding them between her thumb and a finger
to show me they were really dirty, I suppose.

She gripped her mom's panties in both hands and came at my 
face with the very soiled crotch facing me and clearly aimed 
for my mouth. There was a ton of dried cum in the crotch. 

"I think mom must have put these on to wear to the shower 
after her and my dad had sex!" (g)

"Open your pussy mouth, slave. These panties are for you!"

I obediently opened my mouth although the thought was 
repulsive to me. There was so much cum in the crotch and 
I wanted no part of it. The thought of a man's cum was a 
definite turn off. The thought of Sammi making me do this 
horrible act was a definite turn on.

Sammi put them in my mouth giggling. "You are a regular 
little whore, arn't you? I use to think you were so proper. 
Like I would ever believe that now!"

She could sound like the most stuck up female in the world 
when she berated me. I could not explain why I was not angry
with her. I could not explain why it made sexual heat build 
in my crotch. I only knew it did.

My mouth closed on the panties. They reeked of stale sex 
scents. I had no idea how long ago they were worn. The crotch
quickly became slick and gooey as my saliva mixed with the 
cum. It tasted a lot different than did Sammi's. I adored 
Sammi's. I did not adore this. This was torture by Sammi which
in some unexplained reason, turned me on. Sammi noticed it too.

"You slut! You little slut! You are getting off on eating my
mom's panties and sucking my dad's cum! Swallow all of it you
filthy whore. Maybe I will tell them what you are all about 
and when they have sex tonight you can lick the cum off my
dad's dick and suck all of their cum from my mom's pussy. You
would love that, wouldn't you slut!'

"I can not believe I was so taken in by your goody two shoes 
act. And boy was it an act! This is going to be a fun filled 
weekend. Now I am going to whip your ass!"

Sammi pulled down my panties.

"Chew on those panties, slut! Really chew on them. Swallow 
often too! Eat that filth! Make the panties clean. When you 
need to cry out, just bite down on your mouthful of panties. 
Open your mouth again slut.

I opened my mouth. Sammi stuffed the crotch of my very wet 
panties in my mouth. I had never tasted my cum before. That
was repulsive to me. Although I supposed there was no real 
difference in my cum, Sammi's cum, or her mom's cum. It was 
all in the mind of the perceiver.

"I will tell you how this works. I only tell you because I 
like you and you are trying so hard to please me. I will 
beat you. When I stop I will inspect the panties. When both 
pairs are clean to my satisfaction, I will stop beating you. 
So chew hard, swish your saliva through the material, 
swallow the pantie soup!" (g)

I heard the swish of her riding crop a split second before 
I heard the plop and felt the pain on my ass. She hit me a 
lot harder than when she was on my back. When I arched my 
back and raised up on my tiptoes I heard Sammi giggle.

I had little time to recover from the pain when the same 
thing happened again except this time it was followed by 
two more lashes.

There was a pause. I swished my saliva through the panties 
and chewed as rapidly as I could. I had already swallowed 
several times. There was little cum and piss taste remaining.
I hoped she was going to inspect them. I ate them rapidly. 
Let them be clean I prayed, please let them be clean.

There was a loud smack and a buring sensation to my ass.

"I like my ping pong paddle. It is not the one I use to 
play table tennis with. Although I did when my dad first 
started teaching me. It is a sandpaper paddle. See?" 
She said as she rubbed my sore ass with it.

Whack! She hit me again. I yelped in pain inspite of my
mouth being filled with panties. My ass was becoming very 
sensitive. Sammi touched it.

"Wow it is so hot! I bet your ass has never been so hot! (g)
"You know, Lindsey, I have never though you had a very 
good looking ass. It is not made like a girl's ass should 
be made, you know, it's to flat. My paddle may make it 
flatter! (g) If it does, you can cut your hair, wear a tight
sports bra and pass for a guy!"

I could hear her laughing at her jokes. They were not funny.

Whack! She hit me again. My ass was sore. Each time she hit 
me tears would come in my eyes. I was trying hard to keep 
from crying. Little did I know she was going to continued 
until I cried. That was part of it. That was a huge power 
trip to her. To beat a girl a lot bigger and stronger than 
she. She could do it merely because she was so beautiful 
and so superior. Thai was Sammi's turn on.

"Uhmmmm," I heard her say. Then a swish and the multi strands
of leather hit my ass. It hurt so much. I cried. I sobbed even.
Tears ran from my eyes. How could anyone so beautiful do this 
to someone who worshipped and loved her so much? How?

"Let me see those panties. You cry beautifully, you know. Ohh
I am so wet. You are keeping me turned on all weekend. You 
will cry for me and I will make delish cum for you. An even 
trade I would say!" (g)

"They are not clean enough. I bet you can still taste the cum, 
can't you? Open the panty laundry machine!"

Sammi was all smiles as she looked into my tear filled eyes 
gloating on the fact that she was going to beat me some more. 
I did not plead for mercy. I would not do that even if she 
killed me. My mind was made up and I was one hard headed person.

I tasted the panties again. There was no cum taste, only the 
taste of wet cloth. Not clean wet cloth though. Maybe she was
correct, they were not clean enough. I resumed working on them
with my mouth just as the paddle smacked my sensitive ass 
again. I lurched forward and Sammi giggled.

She hit me with the paddle three times in rapid sucession. 
After the third time she scraped on my tender ass with the 
sandpaper paddle. I was sobbing and in tears again.

"Please Sammi stop. Please don't hit me anymore. I will clean 
all of your panties by mouth. Please stop. I can't take any 
more. I love you Sammi."

"Let me see the panties. Open your laundry lid. (g) Uhmmm,
pretty good. They do not meet with my approval, however.
Open your mouth."

"Oh please Sammi, Please don't hit me anymore. I will do
anything."

"You will, 'Do anything,' anyway, slut."

She climed the steps and unfasten my wrist. I was so
grateful. I fell to my knees ready to worship her. She came
down the steps, stopping in front of me. I kissed her pretty 
feet. I reached up and removed her clothes. I placed my mouth
over her pussy. It was cum filled. I licked, sucked, and 
swallowed. I felt no shame, just gratefulness to Sammi for 
stopping my torture. Sammi looked down at me. Her expression
was soft. She did not look haughty or berate me. She slowly
straddled my face allowing me better access to her private 
parts. Pretty soon I was eating her out with gusto. She was 
enjoying my tongue as her ass made gyrations on my face. 




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Four

When Sammi was satiated again she remained on my
face for a long time. Just relaxing on my face.
My neck and shoulders supported her weight. Sammi
was a tiny girl but after a while she became heavy.
I knew better than to complain. She would shift
her position from time to time seeking more confort
for her. She got off and I breathed a sigh of relief. 
Silently of course. She turned and sat her ass on my 
face. She alighned her rosebud perfectly with my mouth.

"Lick this awhile slave, I know how much you like to 
lick my ass. Your pussy and your nipples betray you.
Here, look at this." She unfastened my bra. "Give me 
one of these things." She pinched and tweeked my nipples. 
My nipples grew when I was sexually aroused. I could feel
them grow against my bra.

"Lindsey, you are such a slut! You are a real whore. I
have never seen anyone become so turned on when I was 
playing with them. I think I can, like, do anything to 
you and you will love me for doing it and become more 
aroused! Before you fill your panties with cum, 
perhaps you should know how they are going to be 
cleaned. Yep, the Lindsey Pantie Washing Machine.
Oh I love it, I just love it. We are going to have so 
much fun this summer. You are going to keep me in a 
sexual frenzy and keep me satiated at the same time. 
This is going to be my best summer ever!"

"I truthfully doubted if you could handle my playfulness
all summer. But know what, I think you can. You enjoy it 
almost as much as I! You are one of those sluts I have 
read about on the internet. Lindsey Jones! Who would
ever have believed it! Number one slut of the year! Hell,
the whole freaking decade!"

While saying that she cut a fart in my mouth.

"OMG, that stinks. Inhale and hold it. Ohhh, that smells 
awful. What a stink! I know you love my farts! I think 
they stink something awful. Don't you ever tell anyone 
how much my farts stink. There are those who I have 
overheard say, 'Her farts don't stink,' I do not want 
them to know the truth. It will be our secret my little 
fart sniffer!"

"Lick my asshole really good. You have my permission to 
enjoy it. Ohhh yes, I love your tongue in my ass. Since 
you enjoy it soooo much, you will do it often! Count on
it!" (g) 

"I am tired of playing with you." Sammi said as she got 
off me. Tweaking my nipple extra hard. She giggled when 
I yelped. 

I was so relieved. My neck was hurting. My lungs hurt from 
inhaling her fart and holding it in.

"Turn around, slut." She said to me.

I turned. She whacked me on my sore ass hard with her hand.

"That may be blue tomorrow. I got a little carried away! I 
often do. Get a clean pair of panties out of that drawer. 
Put them and my shorts on me."

She looked down at me, smirked, and put her pretty little 
nose in the air. She looked down at me again and wrinkled 
her nose at me, turned and walked away, making sure I seen 
her ass motion with each step. How could I miss it? It may 
very well be the cutest ass in the world, I thought.

When she got to the door, she opened it, stopped, slowly 
turned, giving me time to see her profile outlined against 
the outside light cascading through the open door.

"Slave, pantie licker, whatever. You may began to mouth wash 
all of my panties since you wanted to so much. While you are 
enjoying my scent and taste, you may as well be doing 
something. Clean this place up. You have dripped cum on the 
floor. You are such a slut!"

"Oh yeah, touch your pussy and I will kill you!"

I know she did not mean that literally. I also knew she would
heap a ton of pain on me if I did and she knew. How could I 
not touch my pussy? Sammi had me so hot. I wanted the feel of 
my fingers inside my pussy so much. My clit ached for attention. 
My hand went to my G spot for a little pressure and circle motion.
Ohhhh, that felt so good. Just a little more I told myself.
I reached down and got Sammi's panties. I put them to my face, 
inhaled her erotic scent, then put the crotch in my mouth.
My other hand went inside my panties and two fingers quickly 
found their way inside. That felt so good. I continued to 
finger myself and move my G spot hand in circles. I exploded 
with thoughts of Sammi's pussy in my face. I remembered the 
scent and the taste. My memory was intensified by the presence 
of her panties. I sucked on them and swallowed the juices. I 
was in love with Sammi Smith. I loved her deeply. Serving her
would be my life. It is all I wanted. Serve Sammi in any way 
she wished would be my life's desire. Any where she wished, 
I told myself, I would never be embarrassed by serving her in 
public. Hell, I would fall to my knees and kiss her feet 
downtown Manhatten if she asked me to. Sammi Smith, the world's 
most gorgeous creation was allowing me to be near her and give 
her pleasure. She tasted so good. Yep, sugar and spice and 
everything nice. That was Sammi.

"Slave, get your ass out here. I have need of you. Hurry it 
up."

I hurried out to her.

"You worthless slut. You have masturbated, haven't you?
Your face is still flushed. You are going to pay. You are 
really going to pay. I may just kill you, literally I mean. 
You will learn to obey me. You are so worthless. You are 
the lowest piece of shit on earth. Why do I bother with you?"

Sammi was furious with me. I still did not understand what was
wrong with my enjoying sexual gratification. I gave it to her.

She walked up to me. I was on my knees.

"Lindsey, are you sure you want to be my base, and you know 
continue cheerleading? Or maybe you would rather forget 
cheerleading and stay completely away from me? If you can not
obey the simplest of orders, I do not want you near me. 
Now or ever!"

"Yes, I want to cheer. I would adore being your base. I 
would die if I was away from you. You are the only good and 
true thing I have ever had. Please Sammi."

She looked down at me with large sad brown eyes. I thought
a little punishment was all you needed. I was wrong. Your
needs go deep. I have never met anyone like you. I thought
I kinda knew you. I never knew you at all. I gave you a 
little pain to help you to be obedient to me. It did no 
good. This time I am going to humiliate you severly. The
worst humiliation that can be privately done to anyone. 
If this does no good, if you do not learn from it, well I
really do not know. I can't do anything much worse to you. 
Maybe others will have to administer your corrections.

She stepped forward and straddled my face the way she did 
when I carried her to the basement.

"Carry me back to the basement. I will guide you."

I crawled backwards again. When I got to the door she said.

"I think I see somethig I want on the other side of the 
pool. Take me to it."

She guided me to the pool deck. It was a very hard and
rough surface. Not designed for crawling on. My knees were 
already sore. In only a few steps they were killing me.
Sammi began to wiggle around on my face making carrying her 
more difficult. I could feel her heat through her shorts.
Her feminine scent was strong. She had just had sex on my 
face.

I continued to crawl to the otherside of the pool. I knew 
my knees were raw.

"No it is not what I thought it was, let's go back." Sammi
said through pent up laughter. Her crotch got hotter.

I carried her back. Each step with my knees was excruciating.
Sammi was not at all sympathetic. 

"Maybe the new skin you grow will look better on you. Maybe
it will always be an ugly scar. Maybe to ugly to cheer. If
so, well, you have asked for this. I really do not care. 
You can always just be my slave and pantie eater." (g)

I got us inside she guided me to the basement bathroom.

"You have pratically begged me for this, Lindsey Jones. 
Now you are going to get what sluts deserve. My cum is way
to good for you. Piss is more on the order of your worth.
I am going to pee. You better not let one drop escape. 
You treat my pee as valuable. Oh yeah, if one drop escapes 
your lips it is three times around the pool with me giving 
you a taste of my riding crop every step. You will have no 
skin on your knees or your back. I have been to sweet to you.
If I must stop pissing, I will, but I will punish you for 
making me stop too.

Sammi began peeing in my mouth. I had never tasted piss. It
was horrible. So strong. I swallowed with big gulps but
could not keep up. I squeezed her leg and she stopped. "One,"
she said.

"Well, I can not hold it all night stupid. Squeeze me when you
want more of my delish pee. It is to good for you, you know."

I squeezed her leg and the flow started again. I swallowed as 
fast as I could but could not keep up with her flow. Her piss 
came out so fast and hard. It hit the inside of my mouth with 
a force.

"Two," Sammi said.

As soon as I got my breath I pressed again. Sammi was giggling.

"Do you know what I am doing to you for stopping my flow? You
are so stupid. I may take a dump in your toilet mouth. Yeah, 
one full day of complete toilet service for every time I have 
to stop your fountain service. What did you ever think toilets 
are for? I shit in toilets all the time. Your mouth is no 
different. You are a toilet, Lindsey. I just used you for one. 
Once a toilet, always a toilet!"

I hoped Sammi was berating me and was not for real. If she was 
truthin I was in big trouble. I could never eat her shit no 
matter how beautiful she was. Besides I have heard the phrase, 
"Eat shit and die". 

I was frozen in time. My mind was not even working. I watched 
as she turned and backed her ass to my mouth like it was a 
movie, no, a dream. I opened my mouth as her ass hole neared 
my mouth. I was in another world. This was not me. This was 
not my mouth which was about to be shit in.

I was jarred back to reality when the horrible stink invaded
my nostrils just a second before her shit entered my mouth.
Why did I permit such a degrading thing to be done to me. 
One word, Sammi. She could do no wrong. I looked at the turd 
in my mouth with a good three inches sticking out. It was a 
mixture of dark and lighter shades of brown. It looked two
inches thick although I knew that was not possible. It was 
huge and Sammi was so tiny. She must be all asshole.

I had never tasted piss. I had never tasted shit. I had 
only had it on my hands a few times. I remembered the stink 
did not wash off very easily. This turd was pushed into my 
mouth. Squished back against it and protruding passed my 
lips under my nose. It was so bad. Words can not describe 
it. As if far away, I heard Sammi speak.

"Hurry, take it to the toilet and spit it out unless you 
really do want to eat my shit. If you do, swallow, I will 
allow you to eat all of my dumps if it turns you on. Try it,
you may like it! (g) You like every nasty thing I have done 
to you so far. I see your nipples in that full length mirror. 
They are hard as rocks. You are pathetic. I am taking a shit 
in your mouth and it arouses you! You are so awful! Swallow 
you shit eater!"

I hurried to the bathroom and spit out her shit. I could not 
get it all out of my mouth. I spit several times. My mouth 
was filling with saliva. The taste was bitter. Never have I 
dreamed of the awfulness of this. Why am I allowing this?  
Why?

Hey, feces transport. Get your filthy mouth back here. I 
have more for you!" (g)

Please let me not swallow. I said to myself. It was so awful.
I do not know how I was able to return and allow Sammi to shit 
some more in my mouth. It was like I was not in control of my 
actions. I returned to her and placed my wide opened mouth over 
her asshole. The stink was overwhelming. I wanted to stop her
before it actually went down my throat. She did not give me 
any time to think farther. She shit another turd in my mouth.
She was pushing it out. It was about to go down my throat. I 
moved my head back as far as I could. I had a mouth full. I 
rushed to the bathroom again. Sammi was laughing at me. 
Actually laughing. I gagged as I spit and wretched. I was so
miserable. I got it out of my mouth but that did not prevent 
the taste or the stink.

"Lindsey, get your toilet mouth back in here. Gee, if I knew 
you were going to be so slow, I would have made you swallow 
all of it from the beginning. Get back here this second or 
prepare to swallow!" (g)

I rushed back in as fast as I could crawl. My knees were 
killing me but the pain was small compared to what my taste 
buds were encountering.

She backed up to me and pushed another turd out. She must 
have been trying to shit slowly with this one because it 
gradually pushed back against the roof of my mouth. I had 
little room to move my face away without falling over 
backards. The turd stopped and I again rushed to the bathroom. 
I spit it out and looked at her shit in the toilet. All of 
that could have been lying in my stomach I thought. I gagged.

"Oh, ass licker! (g) Come to me! Be sure you wash your mouth 
and tongue good. I want a clean tongue on my ass. Not one that 
has shit embedded in it!. You are so disgusting! But I love 
you for it."

I washed my mouth and tongue. I know I took along time.

"My little ass lickek, you may bring my whip. For taking so long.
I am beating your ass again. You will have no skin on it before 
summer is over. I love giving you licks with my whip while you 
give me licks with your tongue!  I made another funny!

I picked up her whip and took to her. She was still gigling as 
she backed her ass on to my face. I licked the last bit of shit 
from her gorgeous ass. No matter what she had just done to me, 
Sammi had a gorgeous ass. I could feel the heat in my crotch.  

She got off my face and looked at me.

"I wanted to see your face. Don't you realize what I have just 
done to you? You are freakin incredible! Uggghhhh. I can see my 
shit on you. That is so disgusting. Phew, you stink! What a 
sewer mouth!"

Sammi turned and backed up again. "Lick and suck on my ass some 
more." (g)

"Wow! I was really impressed. If you could take turds that 
large, deep throating my dad should be no problem for you. 
Maybe I will tell him. Would you like to have a large 
pulsating dick down your throat shooting hot sperm almost 
directly into your sewer belly? What a loser you are!"

"Get my ass cleaned. Then get your filthy mouth cleaned the 
best you can. I seriously doubt if it will ever be clean 
again after what you have just had in it. I have never met 
a loser like you. Know what, loser? You are calling your 
mom. You are going to beg her to let you stay here with me 
all summer. You will tell her how we have a big beautiful 
home and how I want you to stay, etc., etc. Well I do want 
you to stay. I want to use you all summer. My summer will
be so awesome. Your's will be hell, but that is what you want. 
Don't you want that slave? You want to be used and abused by 
me. Well, you are going to get it. You get off on being 
abused, I get off on abusing. I will really get off on 
abusing a loser like you. I just used you for my pee toilet 
and took a big dump in your mouth. Does that not bother you? 
Shit, you even act proud of it!"

Sammi shook her pretty head from side to side as she said 
this. All the time her face was wrinkled by the repulsiveness 
of the whole thing. I wondered, where did I go wrong? For me,
had I gone wrong? I felt such powerful urges when Sammi was 
using and abusing me. If I were not made for this, why would 
I feel those urges? Why would my pussy throb with desire?
I had endured the most horrible degradation imaginable and
had a horrible taste in my mouth. The scent coming from my 
breath was as bad as any sewer I had ever smelled. Yet, 
I felt a fullness, a completeness. The only thing missing was 
sexual relief for me. If Sammi had but masturbated me while 
taking her dump, I would have been fulfilled, complete. I 
knew then that I was beyond redemption. I would never be 
ordinary. I would always be some girl's slave and well, 
anything else she wanted me to be. I knew what Sammi was 
going to do to me. I would have many more times like the 
time just passed. How could she treat me any worse? Answer, 
she could not. 

I was wrong. 




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Five

A couple days later I got the opportunity to look at a kinda 
of diary Sammi kept. It was similar to a chronology. I was
surprised at some of the things she said. I knew she had
long term plans for me which included a lot of service to 
her and that she planned to degrade and humiliate me to 
extremes. The aspect which disturbed me the most was, I
would get so hot by reading these things. Especially where
Sammi made comments reguarding my future.

             Through the Eyes of Sammi

I have had a loose and distant association with Lindsey Jones 
for a year, well longer. She is an underclass person in school 
but I knew who she was. She was never a part of my social circle. 
We had different friends. She was always a good cheerleader 
and worked really hard at it. I remember watching the JV 
squad and thinking, Lindsey should be my base. She was so 
dedicated to her top. I know why now! She was in love her!

Never did I ever dream Lindsey Jones was lesbian. Never! I
am enjoying her so much. I have had a dedicated bottom before
but nothing like Lindsey. She is awesome! I know I can do 
anything and everything to her, and of course I will! :) 
She is giving me pleasurable sensations I dreamed of on 
ocassion but never in a million years thought would come 
true. I have always known I was superior to all other girls.
I was born that way. Most girls are, well, so plain.
Only a very few could do the things to someone else I love 
to do. My happiest times are when I am doing something to 
someone that is, you know, awful. Not the person, the things 
I am doing. Like the toilet thing. How could anyone ever 
willingly be use for such a gross thing, how? I watched 
Lindsey as I did bad stuff to her. Her nipples grew! She was 
turned on by my gross and horrible treatment of her.

I guess I first began to notice her when she was a base for 
Sarah. Sarah moved. She was so dedicated to Sarah, her 
performance, and protection. Lindsey never complained about 
little scuffs bases receive. She always looked at her like, 
a lovesick puppy. I should have known then, but I just never.
Not little miss perfect attitude. She won Miss Congeniality
at a JV cheercamp last year. I would never win that award!
I might win one for little miss bitch. :) OK, so I know it!

The world was made for me to use, the people on it were 
created to serve me. That is simple enough is it not?

Her being such a good bottom to Sarah is the reason I 
approached her that day. I was just going to teach her more 
about being the kind of base/bottom I wanted and needed. 
You know how to always make me look good. Flying is not 
all that difficult if you have a base you can really trust.
Sure I had plans for a sort of slave. But when we began to 
get into it I noticed how much she wanted it! I was 
thrilled although she never knew that. She believed she was 
barely hanging on to the cheer spot. Hell, I was not about 
to let her get away! She will be soooo good. I am going to 
teach her something we will never do at a game but it will 
be good training. It will help her concentrate on me and my 
position no matter what goes on around her. That is very 
important.

I began to become aware of her attraction for my bod. Like 
when her mouth fell open looking at me. Or how about when 
she was on her knees in front of me and was mesmerized while 
looking at my bush. I thought she was just lesbian. So she 
liked girls. Nothing wrong with that. I prefer girls too. So 
I tried a little control, like not allowing her any relief. 
Just build the tension. A lover performs better like that. 
Once they have been allowed orgasm, they are no longer 
interested in giving pleasure to you. 

She wanted more! She wanted a lot more! She wanted to be 
punished. She wanted to feel pain administered by me. I 
liked that! Yeah, like I was really in to that!

By the way she ate me out, I knew she would play with my 
panties and masturbate herself. I knew I would catch her. 
Just a ploy to punish her. :) I never realized how much 
I could punish her though. No one would have dreamed of 
how deep I could take her. I don't know how deep her 
depravity goes, I will find out though! :) I will enjoy 
every second too! 

She was not close to dying. Just a little long on my fart 
and a little short on oxygen. Sensory overload! :)  

She went through all that pain for little me. I got so 
hot! Yeah, when she was carrying me on the pool deck. 
Her knees looked bad. They would heal of course, but it 
would take awhile of not being used as pony feet! Like 
that was likely to happen! I enjoyed riding her that way 
I enjoyed her face against my crotch. Her face was made 
for that purpose. Most faces are.

My mom's panties was a test as to how for she would sink. 
I said lots of stuff to her. I may do some of them too! :) 
I was not prepared for her to drink my pee. Like I was 
totally shocked. When she did not protest my shit entering 
her mouth, well, I felt like a goddess. Never had anyone 
done that before! She was a good shit transport too. :) 

I knew she might choke when I forced the turd hard against 
her mouth. But I thought, her throat is larger than my cute 
little ass hole! She should be able to swallow if she had to! 
She will stay with me all summer and be so used. 

Will she ever fit in with the cheer squad? Well that depends 
on her. I really do not know for sure. It also depends on how 
carried away I get with abusing her. She could be a welcome 
addition to all of the varsity squad. There is a lot of things 
she could do to remain a part of the team. I certainly could 
not hang with her socially. She is so far beneath me. :) 
Literally too!
 
The silly girl wants sexual relief. I know she would love 
it if I would touch her, well, no way. Why should I masturbate 
my pee toilet! That would be disgusting. Lindsey is disgusting 
but I will allow her to worship me and I will use her. There 
are those created to serve and those created to be served. It 
is a real shame they can not get together more often and make 
for happier lives.

Lindsey convinced her mom to allow her to spend the summer. 
She explained her knees and the scratches on her face as 
being cause when she fell trying to fly like me. She never 
blamed me for any of it. Was that not sweet of her? A 
regular little subbie! 

Watch our next cheer practice session. Do I have plans for 
her!

Our first night together was spent in my bedroom, of course. 
I had Lindsey pull my chair to the foot of my bed so she 
could lay on the chair and on my bed. I wanted her face 
close to my pussy or my ass all night. I had chili for
dinner. My mom was surprised.

She looked at the two of us and said.

"Sammi, sweetheart, you never eat chili. When did you decide 
you liked it?"

"I am trying to like it because you like it so much, mom."

She was pleased with that answer.

She looked at Lindsey a lot. Good thing she could not see 
Lindsey's ass! It was turning purple in spots where I got 
carried away with the ping pong paddle. 

Mom also was curious why Lindsey did not eat hardley anything.
She said she was trying to lose some weight because next year 
she would be on the varsity cheer team.

After dinner Lindsey volunteered to do dishes. Mom said 
something about both of us girls doing them, but I told mom I 
had just bought a new cd and I really wanted to listen to it. 
Lindsey had insisted earlier that she would do them so I could
hear my new cd. I smiled sweetly at Lindsey when I said that.
There had been no discussion. 

Lindsey insisted on doing the dishes and no one minded. In fact, 
everyone was pleased.

Mom came to my room while Lindsey did dishes. I was listening
to a cd but it was not new. Mom knew that.

"Sammi, does that mean what I think it means?"

"Yeah, kinda, well, mom, she wants to do things for me. I let
her. It would be mean of me not to let her enjoy herself, now 
wouldn't it?" (g)

"Yes Sammi, it would. Let her enjoy herself to the fullest."

Mom gave me a motherly hug and a warm smile. As she walked
out of my bedroom she turned and said.

"I think she will fit in just fine. I really did not want 
you to do dishes, the maid could have done them tomorrow."

"I know that mom, we probably will not need a maid anymore. 
Lindsey loves to clean!"

"Sammi, may I ask why the chair is pulled up to the bed?"

Her eyebrows raised as she asked that. Like they do when 
she asks something she already knows the answer to.

I may have blushed a little when I said with a giggle,
It is support for the Lindsey air filtration system.

Mom smiled. "Enjoy her Sammi. I really did not think 
you were inviting her for the summer because you wanted a 
friend. You wanted a slave toy! Naughty girl!"

I knew my mom was teasing. She approved of my use of 
lesser beings. She had always told me of my superiority.

"When she is done in the kitchen, send her up here. I 
need her." (g)

In less than one hour Lindsey appeared at my door and 
properly dropped to her knees. I allowed her to kiss 
each of my feet. She had her knees bandaged and was 
wearing knee pads.

I let her kiss her way up to my pussy. I stopped her.

"No Lindsey, I am not ready. Get in the chair and put 
your head about half way up the bed, under the sheet!"

Lindsey knew exactly what was about to happen!

I threw a comforter over the lower half of the bed and 
got and got under the sheet. I tucked the sheet tightly 
around my shoulders and farted. I giggled as Lindsey
spluttered.

"Inhale deeply and hold your breath each time I fart. 
The reason I don't eat chili is, it gives me gas! You
will handle the gas part though. I am going to love 
having you all summer!" 

I cut another big one. I was laughing. Well it was funny!
Lindsey would be a very good fart filter. I told her so
while laughing at her. It turned her on to be degraded by 
me. I thought that was awesome! I did not know how badly
the scent was under the cover. I did not want to know
either, not by smelling anyway!

"Lindsey are you still alive?" (g) I asked between her
splutters.

I cut anoher one. I bet the air was so thick she could 
almost eat it. Maybe she will some day!

"Don't inhale so strongly, Lindsey. There is enough to 
last you all night. You can depend on me to add to the, 
"aroma of your dreams", on ocassion. I already told you
why I never eat chili, well, almost never." (g)

"Tomorrow we will have great cheer practice. You may
be light headed, more so than usual!"

"You are so much fun, Lindsey. Uh oh, here comes another 
one!"

I do not know how many farts I cut for my little slave's 
enjoyment. I gave her a break from under the covers long 
enough to savor some delish, Pee of Sammi. She seemed to
love it when I made remarks like that to her. I would not
let her wear a bra because I had to know what turned her 
on. I rapidly came to the conclusion that anything 
degrading, insulting, or my giving her pain, were things
she enjoyed. I was so amazed by that. I did not try to
comprehend it, I just enjoyed it.

I made her stay under the covers all night. I have to 
say, I enjoyed farting. It was also nice to have the
portable pee toilet close by. I am sure she did not suspect
I gave her a lot of kicks with my feet and scratched her
many times with my toe nails while being awake and not 
asleep as I pretended.

I had always planned to go away for college. That is a 
time when young ladies sort of break away from parental 
controls. They find themselves. Now, I know I am staying 
here. Unless I can figure a way to take my personal slave 
with me. Having her attend to my ever want and need is the 
greatest thing that has ever happened to me. I will 
probably never understand why she likes it so much. Mainly 
because I really do not care. She does. So I will use her. 
The power trip is awesome. She is so big and physically 
strong, I am so tiny, yet, I control her completely. I 
love it. 




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Six

Sammi kicked like a mule all night. I slept little. She
also dug her toe nails in me several times. I was being 
marked all over by Sammi. These markings were a brand I 
guess. They signified my devotion to her. 

After it became day, I did not know what time, Sammi 
gave me a kick and said.

"Wake up Lindsey. I need to pee. I am not ready to arise 
yet, so I am using you. Yep, you get to enjoy the morning 
pee of a goddess. You should be very happy."

She threw the cover off of us. I later discovered why. She 
wanted to watch my nipples to see if I would become turned 
on by her use of me. I did, and she noticed. 

She giggled the whole time she was pissing in my mouth. Her
pee was so strong. I could smell it too. Despite the taste
and smell, I loved my mouth positioned on her. When she
finished and I licked her she took my hair in her hands and 
pulled my mouth to her mound. Sammi had little reguards for
my comfort.

"Lick and suck on me, slave. Omg all of your areolas are 
nipples! Lindsey, you are a slut. I mean a slut of the 
lowest kind. I have pissed in your mouth. You swallowed all 
of it and now licking and sucking me makes you hot. You are 
to much."
 
"Your nipples are going to be the death of you Lindsey Jones.
You should have cut them off when you reached puberty!"

"Would you like to service me during my menses?"

When she said that she reached for my nipples and began 
rolling them around with her fingers and thumbs. They stayed
rock hard while she degraded me.

"You would! You really would! Lindsey, my period is due in a 
day or two. I am really going to keep a close pussy mouth 
contact. Your nipples are getting harder! I thought they were 
as hard as they could get. This will be my best summer ever!
I have never in my life believed I would look forward to having 
a period. Yeah, Lindsey, you are going to be my menses slave.
If someone said that to me, I would be so disgusted. That 
would be repulsive. It would be awful beyond words. Not to you
though. I do not know if you are turned on by my telling you 
I am going to do such a disgusting thing to you, or if you are 
turned on with the thought of licking and sucking on my pussy 
during my heavy flow time. I do not care which it is. You are 
going to do it, slut. You are going to swallow too!"

"Suck on my pussy, slut. Suck on it and pretend my flow is
entering your toilet mouth. Swallow and pretend you can feel 
the clots and taste the blood and discharge. Put your hand 
on your pussy. Get yourself off while you suck my pussy and 
pretend you are serving as my menses slave. Do it, slut!"

"Yeah that is it! Press on your g spot with your other hand. 
Suck on my pussy. Put your tongue as far inside me as it 
will reach. Ohhh yes! Tongue fuck me, slut!"

Sammi now had my mouth tightly over her. I was fucking her 
with my tongue. I was being treated with a lot of cum. She 
positioned me so I was on my back. She was a straddle me 
and rode my face hard. Lots of times I could not breathe.

My finger fucking myself and the attention I was giving to 
my g spot caused me to be more short on breath. 

When she climaxed her body shuddered and she pulled my hair 
so hard I thought it would come out of my  head. I came at
the same time too. I was exhausted. When she finished with 
me. She lay back and gave me an order to suck out everything. 
She wanted everything cleaned with my, "slut tongue," she 
called it.

"Prepare my bath. Get the temp just right. If it is not 
I will use this on you until you get it right."

She picked up her multi strand riding crop and hit me
lightly for effect. Even a light hit hurt.

I looked at my stomach and chest. I had toe nail scratches 
all over me. I had what looked like a bruise below my left 
boob too. I knew that was from one of her kicks.

I got up, I was sore all over. My flesh burned everwhere 
from scratches. 

I went in the bathroom and started running water. I wished 
I could soak in the hot water for an hour. 

I had no idea how she liked her bath. She knew I did not. 
She was just using it as an excuse to beat me with her 
torture instrument.

I tested the water with my hand. It felt so good. I heard
the swish a split second before my back became flames.

"That was a test, slave. Get your ass flat on the floor. 
I need your worthless body for a step to get in my bath. 
It had better be just the way I like it too."

"I like the way you layed down with your face up! You just
wanted to look at my bod as I stepped on you. Is that not
right, slut?" She never wanted an answer.

Saying that Sammi stepped on my chest with both feet. She 
had a foot mashing each of my boobs. She was facing my toes.

"Look at my ass you pathetic skank. Would you like your 
tongue in my ass hole? Would you like the taste of my shit 
in your mouth? Well,the next time I need to take a dump I 
am using the Lindsey Turd Transport again. That was so much 
fun the last time we did it. You got off on it to. You are 
such a loser! You are so lucky I am amicable to allowing
you to serve me and I let you get off on ocassion too.
I have read on the internet where some do not allow their 
slaves to get their rocks off more than once every few 
months. Yeah, you are lucky you have, "Little Understanding 
Me," to serve."

With that she squatted down placing her ass in my face.

"Lick my ass hole. Run your tongue up my crack. Yeah, like
that. Stick your tongue inside my ass hole. Tongue fuck my
ass slave. Even that arouses you, bitch. You are the biggest
loser I ever met. You are going to spend your life being
humiliated like this. You had better pray it is by some 
gorgeous chick like me and not by some fat ugly bitch."

She farted in my face then turned around and laughted at 
me. She stepped off my boobs as she turned around to look 
down at me like I was what she said I was. I should have
hated her. I should have wanted to get up and pound her
body in the floor. I should have wanted to stick her head 
in her bathwater until I seen bubbles. I did not. Instead, 
I thought how beautiful and totally awesome she was. I 
thought about her shaved mound. I could feel my tongue 
grow in my mouth from need of her. I wanted to eat her out 
again and taste her sweet cum. Hell, I would have welcomed 
her piss since it meant I would get to lick her pussy. 
Sammi was beatiful beyond description. I wanted her so 
badly.

She stepped in the water.

"OOOOO, This is to cold!"

She hit me with her crop. I hurried to get up to make it 
hotter. She moved her ass backward and my face raised up 
in her crotch. She hit my legs with her whip again. 

"If you want to suck my pussy instead of getting my water 
the correct temp., Have at it. I am using this on you just 
like I told you I would. I bet if you had not wasted so
much time admiring my ass the temp would have been correct. 
Losers do things like that. Uhmmm, I wonder did you
knowingly delay my bath so I could enjoy beating you? Did
you delay so I would beat you? Did you delay my bath 
because you wanted to enjoy the enticing scent of my 
feminine aroma before the scent of our sex was washed away?
Owning a slut slave is so complicated. Oh well, enjoy the 
taste and scent of my pussy while I beat you."

With that she began whipping my legs with her riding crop. 
Each time the crop hit me several red welts would appear.
Each time she hit me she would giggle as I my body arched 
forward, pushing my mouth tighter on her pussy.

I did not enjoy the beatings. I did not like them at all.
Sammi seemed to like them though. 

I got my hand on the faucet as quickly as I could and 
turned on the hot water. Sammi continued to hit me with 
her crop. After the water had run awhile I said.

"Please test the water, Your Highness."

Sammi giggled. "I like that, slave. Uhmmm, just right.
Lay my crop over there so you can get it for me if I 
desire beating you again."

"Pleasure both of us by washing my bod. Do it slowly and
sensuously. Ahhhh, this water feels devine. I way just soak
in it awhile and allow you to attend to me. My legs need 
to be shaved. My pussy needs shaving too. I need a 
pedicure. My feet need a good massage. Yeah slave, I 
think I will stay here for awhile. Turn on the water 
jets for me. Pamper me slave. That is what slaves do. 
They pamper and spoil their owner. I do love owning you.
I know I hurt you a lot, but, well, I enjoy it so much.
I know you like it too, even if you say you do not. Your
nipples give you away. Look at them. They jut out so 
proudly. They like serving me too. Lindsey, you were 
created to serve a superior woman. Both of us know that.
Serve me, Lindsey. Serve your Princess with everything
you are or will ever be. Give me all of you. I will
use you in every way possible. I will see to it that you 
receive a lot of degradation with a proper amount of pain. 
I will love you in my way, you love me in yours."

With that she became quiet. Her eyes closed. I washed her 
body enjoying every touch my hands made with her skin. 
Sammi was beautiful. I knew I would serve her as long as 
she wanted me.

I bent down and took one of her nipples in my mouth. I
moved my tongue around it while squeezing it with my lips. 
I gently sucked on it while Sammi's cute little chest arched 
forward. Each of us were in our own heaven. So different 
but made for each other.

I planted a row of kisses to her belly button. It was small 
and taut. I kissed in a few times and let my tongue savor it.
I could taste Sammi's bath water. Her bubbles tickled my nose.
She placed her hands on my head and guided me to her mound.
She held me there while I held my breath and kissed it. How
could anyone be so perfect I wondered. I ran my tongue around 
and in. I was in need or air. I used all of my strength to 
bring my head above water and gasp for air.

"You may need to grow gills so you can keep your head under 
water and use your tongue. Until you grow gills, you will have 
to take a chance on drowning. I like the feel of your tongue 
on me, the soft water going in and out with every lick you 
make. Hurry and get your mouth back where it belongs."

I could feel the pride swell in me as I plunged my head back 
in Sammi's bath water. My tongue began again to play with 
each fold and crease. The water burned my eyes because of 
the soap now present in it. I left them open anyway so I 
could admire Sammi. Also I needed to see. I needed to so I 
could be sure my tongue was touching all of the right places. 
I stayed under as long as I could before coming up for air.
Sammi turned over for me. I thought that was so sweet of her.
Her ass was so gorgeous. I kissed each of her cheeks before 
placing my mouth over her cute little rose bud. I washed it 
with my tongue. I reached for a bath scented bar of soap. I
licked the soap then tongued her ass. I repeated this several 
times. When my tongue moved up her crack she moaned with 
pleasure. I was giving Sammi the attention she deserved.
I continued to lick her body. My tongue was tired. I knew it 
would become stronger and have more endurance. I longed for 
when I could wash all of my beautiful Sammi with my tongue. 
I thought my mouth would benefit from the soap too. Sammi had 
deposited a lot in it. 

When my tongue was so tired I could lick no more I began 
shaving Sammi's legs. Her legs were muscular and formed 
perfectly. Her ankles were small. Her feet were size six. 
After I shaved her legs I did trim work on her bush. I 
left a small patch above her slit. I wanted to feel her pubic 
hair enter my nose. I knew it would be awhile before they 
were long enough for that. I planned to be here though. 
Sammi needed me and I needed her. We both had needs.

I sat in the water and placed her smooth shaven legs across me. 
I began to trim her toe nails. When I finished with them I 
would paint them and massage her feet. I got a Seventeen 
magazine for her to look at while I did her toe nails.

I opened the drain and dried Sammi. She lifted her arms and legs 
at the right time. I knew someone had pampered her before and I 
was jealous. No one but I had the right to touch my beautiful 
Sammi.

I assisted her with getting dressed. I brushed her hair. She
had me get on my knees with my mouth opened. She brushed her teeth 
and spit her touthpaste in my mouth on ocassion. I knelt on the 
bathroom floor looking up at Sammi. My mouth was opened as wide 
as I could open it. Sammi would give me her cute haughty smile 
each time she spit.

When she finished brushing her teeth I assumed the all four 
position so she could ride me where ever she wished to go. 
She guided me to the kitchen. I prepared her breakfast. 

While she ate I knelt under the table with my chin on her chair. 
I could not see her magnificent pussy because she was wearing 
shorts. Her legs felt good against my cheeks though. 

I was hungry. I hoped she would allow me to eat. She did. When
she finished she said.

"Slave you may eat now. You may even eat from my plate. Be sure
you wash dishes really good though. I know where your mouth has 
been and what has been in it!"

"Clean the kitchen and dining room. Mom likes them spotless.
When you are finished doing that come to the pool to see if I
need something. I may want to play with you. Oh yeah, The entire 
house must be cleaned too. I want to watch when you clean the 
master bath. I have some special instructions for you."

Her eyes sparkled when she said that.

I watched the movement of her ass and legs as she walked away 
leaving me to have breakfast and clean. I already knew I would 
clean the tile on my hands and knees. I felt that was the proper 
way to clean Sammi's house.




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Seven

I cleaned as Sammi had told me and went to her. She was 
smimming in the pool. She looked soooo hot. When I got to 
the pool she told me to step into the water. I did not
have on a bathing suit but did as she asked. 

"Squat down so I can get on your shoulders." She said

I did so and she got on my shoulders, burying my face 
in her crotch.

"Support my ass with your hands, slave. Gee do I have to
tell you even the most obvious things? Raise up. Now 
walk forward."

I did and could tell I was walking towards the deep end.
I felt the water rise on me. Sammi was giggling her
usual giggle when she was about to do something to me 
for her amusement.

When the water was to my boobs I stopped.

Sammi hit me on top of the head.

"I did not say stop. Keep walking."

"The water is getting deep, Sammi." I replied.

"Like that matters to me, I am not in the water yet. I
want to feel the water as it moves around my body.
Keep walking. If you stop again you will be sorry."

I resumed walking. The water started to cover my mouth. 
I took a deep breath. I did not know when I would get 
another.

"Stop." Sammi said.

I quickly obeyed.

"Slave this is a lesson in cheerleading. The base and 
flyer, top, bottom, must always trust each other. This
is a lesson in trust. Walk forward."

My next step took the water over my head. I held my
breath and walked forward. I took three more steps and
could feel the need to breath. I knew panic would set 
in and I would dump Sammi. I concentrated on walking
forward. My foot touched the end of the pool. I knew
the pool was eight feet deep. I squatted down and pushed
hard with my legs. Sammi squeezed my face and held on.
I came up out of the water and inhaled hard. I stopped
just as I went under again. Sammi was squealing with 
delight with her new pool toy. I went down in a squat 
and jumped up again doing the breathing as before. Sammi
was squealing, giggling, and saying things like, "Ride
em cowgirl". I did this until I was so exhausted. When 
my leap failed to clear my head, Sammi dismounted and 
swam away. I barely had the energy to pull myself up 
the ladder. The clorine burned my eyes and I had drink
a fair amount of pool water. I got on the deck and
layed down. Sammi walked up to me and placed both
feet on my back. She started doing the twist.

"You will be in such great shape this fall for 
cheerleading! You will appreciate all of my 
conditioning training then. This requires a lot of 
effort on my part you know." (g)

"Get your lazy ass up. I have cheer practice for you. 
I want to fly."

I got to my feet. Sammi had on no bottoms. My head
bent forward and my mouth opened. Sammi giggled.

"You are addicted to my pussy! Well, you can't have it!
We have to practice. If you are really, really good, 
maybe I will let you lick it a few times!" (g)

"This is a lesson in concentration. You must concentrate
on me and my safety at all times. No matter what is 
going on around you. I am all that matters."

I bent down and cupped my hands. She stepped on them
jumped, I heaved and she was up and transfered to my 
shoulders.

"Look up at me and do not take your eyes off me while 
I am up here." She giggled. "You must see and concentrate 
on me and my position."

I looked up. I could see her magnificent pussy and ass.
I also saw the golden stream a sec before it splashed 
on my face.

"Open your mouth and swallow, slave. I know you like 
my delish pee. Leave your eyes open. I know my piss 
burns your eyes, but you must look past the pain. Think 
only of me and my safety. See it is a cheering lesson.
You also get to enjoy refreshments." (g)

Her piss was splattering all over my face. I kept my 
mouth and eyes open. I tried to catch all of it in my 
mouth but some was splashing in my eyes. It burned my 
eyes so much I could not hold them open. My head went 
down and I could feel her piss hit my hair. I could 
hear her chant one of our cheers while pissing on me.

She gave me the signal she wanted down and I pushed 
up and caught her as she came to the ground. 

"Ooooo, you look like you have just been pissed on!
Even you hair is soaked. Your eyes are so red. Don't
just stand there, lick me, slut."

I place my mouth over her and licked. 

"Put you mouth over my ass hole, toilet slave. I have
something for you. Swallow when I say. Ready?"

She cut a big fart in my mouth.

"Swallow! That is so cool. If you can inhale my farts,
and carry my shit in your mouth, you should be able to
be my full and complete toilet, don't you think, slave?
I think you are sooo lucky to have beautiful and sweet, 
me, someone so nice and understanding to teach you the 
finer arts of being a base. Shit, Lindsey, you could
have someone teaching you whose pussy was not as sweet 
as mine!"

"Slave I want to go in the house. Assume position."

Sammi pointed to the ground for emphasis and jumped
on my back when I was on all fours. 

"My bikini bottom is over there."

I crawled to it carrying Sammi.

"Pick it up with your mouth. Be sure the crotch is in your
mouth. Like I would have to tell you that! (g) To the
house slave."

She swatted me on my ass with her hand. I went at a fast 
crawl to the house. She guided me to her bathroom.

"Slave, lick my legs. Some piss may have splashed on them. 
After licking them throughly you may wash them. After I 
have allowed you to enjoy your treat. Get busy and clean 
my bathroom. I want my toilet tongue cleaned before you 
clean it the old fashioned way with toilet brush. (g)
I will be lounging in my room. When you finish in here
I will show you what to do in my parents bathroom. Enjoy
slave!"

She watched me lick her toilet seat before walking away.
I saw a pair of her panties laying in the floor. I picked
them up and inhaled the fragrance of Sammi. I inhaled 
deeply. My eyes were closed and I was in heaven. My
hand went to my crotch. I heard Sammi's voice.

"You slut! Do I have to watch you all of the time? Take
your hand away now. Your hands are made for cleaning and 
for my pleasure. Put those dirty panties in your mouth.
There are more in the laundry basket. I want every pair
cleaned by your toilet mouth before you hand wash them.
You have a lot of work to do here. You certainly do not 
have time to play with yourself. I want my laundry done.
When you are through with it you may began on my parents 
laundry. There is no reason you can not clean my panties 
while you clean my bathroom. Take them out of your mouth 
before you bury your head in the toilet water though. I 
do not want my panties in that nasty toilet bowl."

Sammi flashed a gorgeous smile. "Enjoy the pantie soup,
slut!"

She wrinkled her nose in disgust, turned and left the room.
I watched her ass as she left. She had not bothered to put
anything on and had removed her bikini bra. Sammi was nude.
I was so hot. I cleaned her panties while searching through 
her dirty laundry for more. I did not think about what I 
had become or how my actions seemed to anyone else. I just 
ate her panties while busily cleaning her bathroom.

I had my beautiful Sammi's bathroom spotless. Everything 
shined. I went to her room with a pair of her panties in 
my mouth chewing on them. Sammi laughted when she saw me.

"Slut you are to much, you really are! I doubt if I ever
get like totally use to you. I will try. I will do my best
to think of new ways to humiliate and torture you for our
pleasure. Get over here and eat my pussy."

Those were the words I wanted to hear. I rushed to her
on my knees. I went straight to her crotch. She placed 
her hands on the back of my head as my tongue licked her 
lips. 

Sammi had been playing with herself. My first lick 
brought cum in my mouth. In a comple minutes Sammi was
moaning and crying out my name. Sometimes she called me 
Lindsey, sometimes she called me slave, whore, slut. I
knew what she wanted. More of my tongue in her, more
sucking, more slurping, more tiny circles around her 
clit. I had become addicted to Sammi's pussy. I had
never found anything I liked as much as eating her out.
I needed the feel of hands and fingers on me too. That
I did not receive.

When she was through with me she marched me to her 
parents bathroom. 

"First thing, slut. Go through the laundry. Get all of 
my mom's panties and wash them with your whore mouth.
If you displease me you will be doing my dad's shorts
too. Do not clean this toilet with your mouth. That 
is reserved for my toilet only. I know how turned on 
you get when you are licking where you know my ass has 
been. Hey, that is probably why you like eating my 
panties so much."

Sammi became serious for a minute. "You know I have 
read about girls like you. I thought they were really 
weird. I never dreamed an ordinary person would want 
to serve another girl as you do. I am glad we found 
each other. I don't want our relationship to end with 
the coming school year. I want you for my slave for a 
long time, maybe even life."

Sammi walked up to me and gave me a small hug. I almost
burst into tears. I did not trust my voice to speak. I 
wanted to say I wanted to serve her forever but I said 
nothing. 

Sammi walked away and I cleaned the bathroom, her mom's
panties, and gathered clothes to laundry. I was so tired
but I put one foot in front of the other and pushed on.

"Hey slut, don't mouth clean anymore of my mom's panties 
unless I order you too. I would not want you to like 
them more than mine!" (g) After all you are my property!
I own you slut. I own all of you and I will do whatever
pleases me to you. You will let me too. Know why? You
are enslaved by my pussy! (g) You are just a little
pussy slave."

How could I let her know I liked the tender moments a 
lot more than when she berated me. I would always 
cherish the small hug she gave me. Her putting me
down was a turn on that I did not understand though.
I knew why she thought I liked it so much. I could feel 
the heat build in my pussy when she did things to me.
I think the heat would be much more intense if she loved
me. There was a lot about me I did not understand. How
could I expect anyone else to understand if I did not?

"Hey slave, while you were working I fixed me a sandwich. 
There is stuff in the fridge. Make youself something to 
eat. I suppose slaves get hungry too. Unless you are 
saving space in your tummy for when I take a big dump 
in your mouth! (g) I bet if I ordered you to swallow it, 
you would!"

Sammi had gotten dressed. I watched her buns as she 
walked away. I was in love with her forever and would 
do whatever to remain close to her.

A few hours later Sammi left the house. She said she was 
going driving. She needed time alone to think. The first 
place I went was to her room and got the book she was 
writing in.

I find myself liking Lindsey more all of the time. I have
feelings for her. Maybe I always did. I thought I wanted
her to use and abuse. I certainly wanted a slave! With
my lifestyle I need a slave. I have no time or desire to 
do all of the mundane things that must be done. With 
Lindsey, I do not have to. She does them all and enjoys 
doing them for me. I never want that to change. I may
give her a little sexual pleasure. Like I may let her
place her pussy against mine. Just once in a while. I 
would not want her to come to expect it. I have wondered
what it would be like to kiss her lips. But hell, I 
could not do that knowing where her mouth spends all of 
its time. I think that is probably why I took a dump in 
it. I knew I could never kiss a mouth that had had my 
shit in it. Maybe if I start making her eat my shit
my strange feelings about her will go away. I know she 
would do it if I told her to. Lindsey Jones, full and 
complete toilet slave for Princess Sammi. That has 
a special aura about it.

My god, Sammi was contemplating making me eat that
horrible stuff. I could not do it. I know I never 
could. The scent is so bad. I manage to get through 
that because of my love for Sammi. I could never 
swallow her shit. I would vomit it right back up. 
How could she want to do that to me? The shit 
transport thing was more degrading than anything I
ever dreamed she would do to me. But then, I never 
dreamed of her many other uses of me either. Her 
writings said she had never did these things to 
anyone else. My body betrayed me.My nipples 
betrayed me. Sammi knows how turned on I get. She
will do increasingly humiliating things to me until 
my nipples no longer show arousal. I hate to think 
what that will be.

I felt my nipples. They were hard. I was turned on
by reading her plans for me. I know I do not want to
be Sammi's complete toilet slave. I know I do not, I
thought,as my other hand went to my crotch. In my mind,
I could smell Sammi's farts. I took my hand from my 
nipples and put it on my g spot. God, what was I 
thinking. It was awful. I opened my mouth as wide as 
I could and made a gagging noise as my mind envisioned 
one of her largest turds pushing its way between my 
lips and down my throat. I swallowed and orgasmed at 
the same time. What had I become? 

I heard Sammi's car enter the garage. I ran down to 
meet her. I opened her door and assumed the position 
to carry her inside. 

She said nothing, just straddled my back as if it was 
a service she had always had. I felt her heat as she
squirmed on my back.

"To my room, slave," Sammi said.

I carried her to her chair and knelt before her. I 
removed her shoe and kissed her pretty little foot. 
I took all of her toes in my mouth and began sucking and 
licking them. I do not know how long I sucked Sammi's 
toes. I was in a dream state. I was serving in the 
lowest ways possible for Sammi, and was in heaven.

"Slave, give my left foot some attention too!" Sammi's
sweet voice said. 

I removed her other shoe and began on that foot with 
my mouth as my hands massaged her wet foot.

"That is dreamy, slave. You are taking such great care 
of me. I have always deserved attention like this but 
you are the first to really give it to me."

"Lindsey, can you live for me, like totally for me?
Never consider anything except me? Can you always perform
the way you have been performing for the last couple days? 
Can you do this for your whole life? I need you Lindsey.
I promise to always use you in the ways your body desires 
me to. I know what it wants. Your nipples and the heat of 
your pussy tell me. I thought those things I did to you
were so degrading and horrible. 

I had a drive and thought about us. I know they are not 
degrading and horrible to you. You need them. They only 
appear that way to me because I do not need them. Well, 
that is not totally correct. I need to do them to you. 
You need for me to do them to you. I do not understand 
it but I accept it. We were meant to be together, I 
know it, Lindsey, I just know it!"

I cooed, "yes, yes, yes," to all she said as my lips 
kissed their way up her leg and to her crotch. She was 
so wet her shorts had a spot on them which my tongue 
quickly licked. Ohhh, she smelled so good. I hurridly 
removed her clothes with her help and dived in her 
pussy. Right then I would have crawled completely 
inside it and lived forever if only I could have.

I felt her hands as she unfasten my bra and pulled 
my top over my boobs. She was pinching my nipples 
hard enough to hurt but the pain was pain of 
pleasure. I moaned and cried out on ocassion but both 
of us kept on doing what we were doing.

I had moved a hand to my pussy and was fingering it 
frantically. Sammi did not stop me. We exploded together.
That was the greatest feeling of my life. 

Sammi lay still as I sucked out all of her delish cum.
My tongue continued to work inside her as I swallowed.
I was in love with Sammi's cum and everything else about 
her.

I pulled on her and she obliged me by turning over. That
awesome ass was sticking up. I placed a hand on either 
cheek as my mouth sought her rosebud. My tongue went deep 
inside and I though, "No rose was ever this sweet." 

I licked and sucked her ass. My mind imagined me as her
toilet. If she had pushed out a turd at that moment, I 
would have ate it. What had I become?

I noticed my Sammi's breathing had slowed. She was asleep.
I was very tired. I wrapped my arms around her, rested my 
face on her ass, snuggled up, and also fell asleep.




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Eight

It was dark when I awoke. I got up and took a shower. 
I washed my hair too, it smelled like Sammi's piss. I
inhaled and looked at my nipples. They were larger.
God, I was turned on by the scent of her piss. I am
a loser I thought.

I stepped out of the shower. I spotted Sammi's bikini 
bottom. I put it to my face. It was still wet. I 
inhaled but the scent of Sammi had been previously 
removed by my mouth.

I got dressed and went back to Sammi's room. I heard
the door open. Sammi's mom came in.

"Lindsey, I am so glad to see you. There are some 
packages in the SUV. Some groceries too. Be a dear
and carry them in for me. I have worked so hard today
I am exhausted. When you carry everything in, come to 
the living room."

"Yes Mrs. Smith," I answered.

I carried all the packages and groceries in. I put the
groceries away and went to the living room.  Mrs. 
Smith was on the love seat. It was the type with 
recliners at each end. She was reclined with her eyes 
closed.

"You wanted to see me, Mrs. Smith?"

"Yes I did, be a dear and massage my feet. I have been 
on them so much. I played several games of tennis after 
my golf outing, then the shopping. I have simply done 
to much. I am thankful you are here to do things for us. 
You are a sweet girl."

"Yes, Mrs. Smith," I said as I took one of her feet in 
my hands. Her foot was hot and did not smell to good.
I began massaging it.

"Ohhh yes, that feels so good. The only improvement 
would be if you suck on the toes of my other foot. 
You would not mind, would you?"

"That made me hot." Why? 

I could feel my nipples pushing against my blouse. Sammi 
would not allow me to wear a bra.

I heard Mrs. Smith giggle. Sounded a lot like Sammi's giggle.
They were a lot alike. Mrs. Smith was just an older Sammi.

I looked up at her. She was staring right at my boobs. She
could see the way my nipples pushed against my blouse. She
knew giving special attention to her feet was turning me on.

"Take your time. Do not rush it. I like slow and sensual 
attention. Gently massage my foot, suck on my toes. Yeah, 
that's it. Now lick the bottom of my feet. Ohhh, Lindsey,
you have a talented tongue."

I massaged her feet, sucked her toes, and licked for
some time. I felt her hands on my head.

Turn lose for a second. I want to raise up."

She did and I was kneeling before her.

She gave me the same look Sammi gives me when I am being 
subservient to her.

She pulled my head with her hands all the while staring
right through my blouse. 

I did not resist her pull although I knew where she was 
guiding me. I could feel my heat build as my face went 
to her crotch.

"Here, let me help you. You do not want all that material 
between us, do you? Of course not."

She removed her shorts and panties. I was staring straight 
at her pussy. She smiled down at me as she pulled my head.
I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue and licked her pussy.
A slight moan escaped her mouth as she slid down and placed 
a leg on each of my shoulders. Her nails tightened on my neck
as she began to hunch my face. The intensity of her cries
increased. I ate her out the same way I ate out Sammi.

When she had her orgasm she kept a tight grip on my head.
I could feel her pussy throb. I swallowed sucked and swallowed.
I then went back to licking.

"Lindsey, that is the best I have ever been eaten. You must have
had a lot of practice to get so good. I know why you and Sammi
are such good friends. How long have you been doing her?"

"Mrs. Smith, I am so embarrassed. How can I look at you again?"

"Hey, I knew you were giving Sammi head. I knew that when Sammi
ate the chili. I suspicioned it when Sammi said you were staying 
the weekend. I was positive when I heard you were spending the 
summer. I am glad too. I know you enjoyed our little fun time. 
We will do it often. A tongue like yours should never be idle!" (g)

Yeah, a giggle just like Sammi's.

"Lindsey, go run water for my bath. I need a good soak in the 
tub. I will be right up as soon as I make a phone call."

She flashed me a smile as I turned to go to her room.

I ran her bath the same way I did Sammi's She was like Sammi
in other ways. Her pussy was larger. Her skin not as tight.
She appeared to be firm though. She certainly looked nice.

She appeared in the doorway just as I was shutting off the 
water.

"Help me out of these clothes, Lindsey. I see no reason to
be modest in front of the girl that just gave me teriffic 
head!"

She smiled as she said that.

I helped her undress. She stood there, naked, looking at me.
I was looking down at her feet.

"Lindsey, do not be bashful, look up at me! After what we 
have just done, how could you be bashful?"

I looked up. She was beautiful. Her tummy had more of a bulge 
than Sammi's, but she was very fit. There was a lot of 
difference between her and my mom, that is for sure.

"Lindsey, I have always wished I had a sunken tub. Would you
be a dear and lay down by the tub. I will use you as a step. 
I know how solid you are, being a cheer base and all. I do
now weigh but ten or so pounds more than Sammi."

I laid down on my back the way I did for Sammi. She looked
down and I caught the first haughty smirk on her pretty 
mouth as she stepped on me. 

"You are solid." She said as she put her other foot on my 
stomach. A good step too. I do not need a sunken tub now 
that we have you!"

She stepped in the tub. 

"I knew you would have my bath just the way I like it. 
You are intuitive when it comes to serving. Lindsey 
Jones, you were born to serve. I was borned to be served
too, as was Sammi. You now have two ladies to pamper and
please."

"Don't just lay there! Wash me. I have a magazine to read.
I already know enough about you to know you will enjoy 
washing my bod." (g)

I was just finishing bathing her when I heard Sammi call 
out.

"Lindsey, where are you. I need you now."

"Go to her, Lindsey. Sammi needs you to do something for 
her, I bet."

I went to Sammi. 

"How did you get wet?"

I looked at myself, I had splashed water on me while 
bathing her mom.

"Have you seen my mom?" She asked. She asked it in a way
that showed she already knew the answer.

"Yes, she needed me to do a couple things for her."

"Oh, I bet she did! I bet you did a lot for her!" (g)

"I taste better thought, don't I?"

Sammi had this half smile, half smirk on her face.

"You know I love you, Sammi. You know how much too."

"I called you because I need to pee. You probably need
to wash down cum anyway."

Sammi was back in her, I am much superior to you, mode.

As I dropped to the floor she stepped closer to me so I 
could reach up and remove her shorts. I removed them and 
her panties. Sammi always wore the cutest panties. The
fact that her ass had just been in them added to their 
cuteness too. I put them to my face to inhale. Doing this
had become automatic. I looked up at Sammi. She was
wearing her haughty look very well.

"You are a slut. I do not think I will ever understand you.
But know what, I don't care. As long as you properly serve 
me you can be as kinky as you please. Hell you can even 
service my dad if you want. You can not serve anyone but
the three of us though. You do that and you are history."

"Get your toilet mouth in place. You had better be thirsty!
I have a lot for you. I think you are crazy. Man you would
have to be to drink someone's piss! But I like it, slut.
This pee is for you!"

She giggled as the flow of yellow liquid entered my mouth. I
allowed my mouth to fill and swallowed in big gulps. I
could reconize the soft drink in her piss. I knew a short
time ago Sammi had drink a Coke.

Sammi was patient with me and would stop when I needed her 
to. Sammi has always been considerate like that. She is a very
sweet person. Yeah, I know she has a haughty attitude and
abuses me for her own amusement but she has the right. She is
extremely beautiful, sexy, and rich. She is also has a lot
of class. I feel so fortunate to be near her. When I am
performing a service for her or entertaining her in some way,
I feel special too. I know I will be a great base for Sammi.
I would never allow her to fall or come down to hard and
sprain an ankle or something. I am special and I am being
used by the worlds mose beautiful girl, I thought as her 
piss flow stopped. 

I lovingly licked her. Never have I ever been so attached 
to anyone. Please, I thought, allow me to serve Sammi forever.
I kissed her lips. I placed my open mouth inside her lips and 
located her clit. I could feel Sammi's heat increase as my 
tongue circled this delectable morsel. I took her clit 
between my lips and sucked a little. I licked her pussy lips 
again, gave her a big kiss, as my tongue when up her love 
canal. I could feel Sammi's nails on me as she pulled on my 
head. She began hunching my face. I matched her rythym with 
tongue trust. Sammi started crying out my name. That turned 
me on. I took my hand away from her boob and placed it on 
my g spot. Sammi grabbed my arm and put one of my fingers 
in her mouth. She bit down hard. She held my hand to her 
mouth and chewed on my finger. I could have jerked away. 
It hurt. I wanted to, but a part of me wanted to leave it 
there for Sammi's pleasure. I was so grateful to her for 
taking my finger out of her mouth before she climaxed. I 
knew if she had not, I would be bit to the bone. As it was 
my skin was not even broken. It would be sore though. I 
could feel my heart beat in it.

I needed to cum very badly. I concentrated on Sammi as I
am supposed to. When compare to Sammi, I am unimportant.
I know that and I accept it. Sammi is one of the world's
elite. Me, my only claim to fame is, I am a special slave 
for a goddess.

I licked and swallowed. Sammi's cum was so good. I let it 
linger in my mouth to savor its exquisite taste.

Sammi got off of me. 

"Slut, I bit you because you took your hand away from my 
boob. For what? Your pleasure is derived from pleasing me. 
It does not matter if you ever cum. Do not do that again!"

As always with Sammi, I could not tell if she was really 
mad or just acting. She was a great actress. I would
refrain from doing that again for awhile though.

I kissed her rosebud as I said. "You are right, Sammi.
I get so hot when I am going down on you. You drive me
out of my mind. I can not think. I will try not do it again."

"You had best not. Your base qualities would decrease if I 
do not remove your finger from my mouth. You may be driving 
me so crazy I simply forget to remove your finger, uhhh. 
Think about it!"

I did not answer. I concentrated on licking Sammi's rosebud.
It was so cute. The pucker of it, the color contrast with
her skin. I kissed it and thrust my tongue inside.

I heard her giggle just a second before my tongue was pushed 
out by a large turd on its way to my mouth. I opened wide. 
It kept coming. I put my hands to my face for sideboards.
It stook out way passed my nose. The stink was horrible. I
could taste the bitter bile as it began to disolve in my 
mouth. I was concentrating on, not swallowing. She cut it off.
Her beautiful rosebud closed. I noticed how her shit was tapered
on the end. I started to get up to go to the toilet to spit
out the multicolored brown object that stunk so badly.

"No, Lindsey. I do not need to shit anymore. You stay put. Don't 
move. I am have something to talk to mom about. Do not let any 
of that get on the floor. If you do, you will be eating it, got 
it? Also, I do not want to return and see running shit stains 
on your face."

She was wearing the haugthiest smile I had ever witnessed. 

She handed me a tissue. "Wipe me with this. Maybe I will allow
you to eat it later!" (g)

She pulled up her panties and shorts. I watched her gorgeous ass
as it left the room. At the door she turned and smiled.

"You look so cute, Lindsey Jones. My shit really looks good on 
you. You should wear it often!"

I heard her laughter all the way down the hall.

I was unable to control my saliva. I always did have a 
copious mouth. Today I had rather my mouth be dry. I felt
some spit oozing out of the corners of my mouth. I wiped
it with the tissue I had used to wipe Sammi's ass. I wiped
my mouth three more times. The tissue was becoming wet. Please
do not make me swallow I said to myself. My mout was so full
and it was awful. The stink caused her shit to taste worse
than it did I supposed.

I heard Sammi returning. I hoped she would let me go to the 
toilet and spit out her shit. She walked up behind me and said, 
"Guess whose back!"

She slapped me on my back hard. I swallowed all my saliva.
You know what was mixed with it.

"Go spit that out. I swear slut, you are stinking up my whole 
room! Move it! Gheez that stinks. I am going outside I can
not stand it. The stuff you carry in your mouth. Just the
thought gags me. Lindsey Jones, you are a real slut. Stinky
too!" (g)

I hurried to the toilet and spit, spit, and spit. I must get
some mouth wash, I thought. Listerine was what I needed. 
Something strong.




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Nine

As I watched the perfect form of Sammi, I had these 
thoughts. I can not believe what I am doing for Sammi 
Smith and allowing her to do to me. That last session 
was awful. I still have a bitter taste even after washing
my mouth and gargling with mouthwash. No matter that
Sammi is a perfect doll in looks, her shit is just as 
bad as anyone else's. I knew that before I allowed her 
to do all that nasty stuff to me. But I can not help 
myself. It will do no good to make myself promises 
that I can not keep. The next time Sammi wants a shit 
transport, I will be there with my mouth open wide.

Even as I look out the window at Sammi, I see only 
perfection. That is what I worship, her true 
perfection. I probably will never understand what
there is about me that feels an unquenchable desire
to serve a person of perfect beauty. Sammi is such.
I thought the only one in the world until Mrs. Smith
and I played. She is also special. Yeah, their 
attitude is extremely important. If they used me
and apologized all the time, or maybe even once,
it would not be the same ever again. I am turned
on by their superiorty when they use me. They know
they are made to be served and I was created to 
serve them in whatever way they choose. I never want
to be separated from Sammi, I want to serve her always.
I also am now convinced I will serve her in whatever 
way she chooses. Yes, if she decides I am to be her 
full blown toilet, I will do so. Maybe I want her to.
Even as I asked not to swallow, there was a part of 
me that wanted to. I know though, if I do, Sammi
will make me swallow everytime. That is Sammi. That
is part of the reason I am so in love with her. She
continues to take me deeper into depravity. I know
Sammi is enjoying my total devotion to her. 

I can feel the stiring in me as I contemplate my life
with Sammi. I even think about what school will
be like for us. I can not see Sammi treating me
as anything other than her devoted servant. I
do not know how I will handle peer pressure. I
can just see Sammi showing off and strutting around 
with her perfect boobs and nipples pointing straight 
out. She will give her delectable ass that cute 
little wiggle as she has me perform various acts to 
show me off to the other students. She will even
giggle as she humiliates me in front of the other 
girls. It would not surprise me for her to make 
sure we have as many classes together as possible.
I know she will want us to have lunch at the same 
time. I bet her pretty head has already been filled
with ways we can get out of our different classes
at the same time so she can use me in some manner.
Like 2:10 we ask our teachers to go to the bathroom
and we meet there for Sammi's pleasure. I will meet
her there with open mouth to accept whatever Sammi 
wishes.

"Hey, slut, stop day dreaming. I want to practice a 
cheer routine. You need more practice in total 
concentration of me."

With that she began putting on her thigh high boots.

"Sammi, I do not believe it is safe for you to wear 
those boots and fly."

"If I allowed you to think, we would never make any 
progress. You just do not let me fall!"

"Sammi, those boots will hurt me."

Look, Lindsey. This is all about total concentration 
of me and my safety. I must be like totally sure I
can trust you as my base. If you can not look past 
a little discomfort, how could I ever trust you 
enough to do all those stunts with you as my only 
support. So, get your ass outside in that soft 
grassy area. Well, move it, slave!" (g)

We walked to the area of the back yard where Sammi
wanted to practice. I know it is more about her 
total control of me than it is cheer practice. She 
only says that. She knows I will protect her at 
any cost to me. 

"Well, slave! Cup your hands to lift me."

I did as she asked and she pushed off with her 
other foot and I put her up. I held her in my 
hands as she stepped off on my shoulders. Of 
course her boots hurt my shoulders. She was moving
them excessively. I had to accept that Sammi was 
hurting me purposefully. I winched with the pain.

"Lindsey! Hold still!"

She put all her weight on one foot and began to 
manuever. She would stretch out both ways, switch
soulders, etc. She went through all of her routines 
although she only does a couple at a time when 
cheering. My shoulders were hurting a lot when she 
gave me the signal to bring her down. I started to 
squat and lift her with my feet. 

"Lift me while standing straight, I will jump off 
your shoulders and you catch me."

Before I could protest she jumped. Her boot heel
hung a little on my shoulder and I slipped on the 
grass. I caught her but she hit the ground way to 
hard. She doubled up crying. I felt so terrible.

"Sammi, I am sorry."

She did not reply.

"Sammi, I am so sorry, how badly are you hurt?"

I was really concerned.

"I am hurt. Any pain is to much. Leave my house.
I never want to see you again." 

She said all of this while crying.

"Please Sammi, oh please not that. I love you. You
know I do. I am so sorry. Let me make it up to you. 
Hurt me if you wish. Please Sammi, I will do anything.
Please let me stay with you."

She stopped crying and looked up. Her pretty blue eyes 
were filled with tears. I felt like an ass. I had let
my beautiful Sammi get hurt. 

"Where are you hurt?" I asked.

"My ankle and knee hurt. I may never be able to cheer 
again." She began to boo hoo then.

I bent down to her.

"Please allow me to carry you inside and call the doctor."

"OK, slave that will be your last act for me," she said
through sobs.

I carried her inside. I had totally forgot about my pain
from her boots. I layed her down on the couch and removed 
her boots. I expected to see a badly swelling ankle. There
was no sign of injury. I looked at her.

"Call the emergency room, stupid. I am hurt, or have you 
already forgotten. I do not believe you love me or you 
would not have let me get hurt! It is all your fault!"

She began to cry again as I dialed the hospital. They said
to bring her right in. I carried her to her car. She 
winched in pain with every move. She yelped when I sat her
down in the passenger seat. I felt so sorry for her.

I got in the driver's side. I looked at her ankles and 
knees. They appeared normal. How could she be in all 
that pain?

I drove her to the ER and carried her in. A nurse took 
her back to a room in a wheel chair. They would not 
allow me to go back. The nurse said she had already 
called Sammi's mom.

I sat down in the lounge and waited. In what seemed like
forever her mom arrived. She came right to me.

"What did you do to my daughter? How could you let her 
get hurt. Saturday is her birthday too. She told me last
week she wanted to invite the cheerteam to he cabin for
a weekend campout. You have ruined everything! Her cheer
career had best not be ruined!"

She walked away before I could get a word in. I did not 
feel much like talking anyway.

After an hour, both came out. The nurse was pushing Sammi 
in a wheel chair. Her ankle was wrapped and in a walking 
boot.

"I will wheel her to the car." The nurse said.

"Like no way! She did this to me and she is carring me 
everywhere until I am well." 

Sammi was pointing at me when she said that. I was 
instantly happy! That meant she was giving me the chance 
to make amends. Sammi can be so considerate, I thought.

I rushed to her side. I realized I was smiling. I could
feel tears at the same time. Sammi looked into my eyes.

"Kneel down, Lindsey. You are giving me a piggy back ride
to the car. I am not pleased with you."

There was no one close enough to hear except Sammi's mom
and the nurse. I caught a glimpse of both. They were
smiling at each other. 

I dropped to my knees. I would have kissed her pretty 
feet in front of the whole world if it meant I was being 
given another chance with Sammi.

She got out of the chair and on my back with the nurses 
help. I carried her all the way to the car on my hands 
and knees. My knees were bleeding by the time we got to 
the car. I had moved it to a parking place, not real
near the door either. I dared not ask to bring the car 
to the door. I knew this was part of my punishment.

I helped Sammi in the car.

"I will see the two of you at the house. My tennis 
afternoon is ruined anyway."

Her mom looked straight at me. She did not have a happy
face.

"How could you let this happen to my daughter?" She ask
me. "You are supposed to be protecting her."

"She cheered with her boots on, It was an accident."

"Not acceptable, not acceptable at all," Mrs. Smith said.

I drove Sammi home. I went to her side to carry her in.

"No, slave, I like piggyback rides. On your knees!"

I got down although my knees were already skinned and
had raw areas seeping blood.

Sammi got on my back and I carried her in the house
from the garage.

"Put me down and carry me in your arms. You are going 
to bleed all over the place. Gee, Lindsey, sometimes 
I think you are so stupid!"

Sammi got off my back standing on one foot. I picked 
her up in my arms and looked into her eyes. 

"Thank you for giving me another chance, Sammi. I will 
do anything for you."

"You are not getting off so easy, Lindsey Jones. I am
having my birthday bash anyway. You are like totally 
caring for me in front of all the girls. Like you are 
doing everything. I will humiliate you all I please.
Maybe I will punish you even more than that. I will
plan something especially degrading for you. 

Dad will take you to the cabin tomorrow. It has not 
been used since deer season. It will need a through
cleaning. You had best do a good job. I think it will 
take you all day. My dad will tell you what needs to be 
done. I am sure the grass has to be cut too. It is
rustic but large. There is even an outside toilet!
Have you ever seen one? I may not need to use it though. 
I have not like totally decided what I am going to do to 
you. You hurt me a lot. The Doctor said I had to stay in 
this thing for a week. (Pointing to her walking boot.)
He said I was lucky. My whole cheer career could have 
ended. I already have a scholarship!

See why I am so angry with you? You are going to pay
too. I am doing something horrible to you this weekend. 
Bet on it! Now get your mouth in place I have to pee.
Lindsey until my ankle is well, I am using your mouth 
for my pee toilet. yeah, you are swallowing all of my 
piss until I am well."

I got on the floor and Sammi straddled my face. She 
began to piss in my mouth. I swallowed with large gulps 
allowing my mouth to fill each time. I could hold my 
breath a long time. That was benefical in serving 
Sammi in this manner.

I had drink Sammi's pee several times it was never good.
I was so in love with her that I did not mind. At least
my mouth was on her pussy and I could smell her 
intoxicating scent. I always became so hot when I was 
intimate with Sammi.

When she finished going pee I licked away the last drops.
I then licked the length of her pussy I used my lips to 
enclose her's one at a time. I stuck my tongue inside her. 
I liked to have my tongue in Sammi and feel her lips on 
mine. That was a very special time. It was worth the 
pain and her using me as her pee toilet when she let me 
be intimate with her. I could tell she enjoyed these 
times too. Sammi moaned and hunched my face. Sometimes 
she hurt me a little. This time I could taste blood and 
I knew she had busted my lip or her period had started.
I continued to give her pleasures until she orgasmed.
Sammi actually screamed as she climaxed. I loved it 
when she did that. I knew I had pleased her tremendously.

"Slave dad is taking you to the cabin tomorrow. I do demand
perfection. Anything less, you will be punished. I will be 
the sole judge too."

"Lindsey Jones, get in here. We are going to have a talk 
about your hurting my daughter. You also messed up my 
afternoon. Well ----, I am having fun this afternoon. Guess 
who is going to be sure I do?"

I looked at Sammi. She was smiling.

"I think you had best go to mom. She is really pissed at 
you. I am going to watch tv. I will have it loud so as not 
to hear your screams! You deserve it you know."

Sammi gave a flip of her pony tail and walked to the couch.
There was a smll limp but not much of one. I had to believe
Sammi could be faking injury. But what about the doctor and 
nurse?

I went to Mrs. Smith.

She pointed to the floor. I squatted in front of her.
She walked to me and straddled my face without saying 
anything. She just looked at me with her superior smirk.

"Remove my clothes, Lindsey. I have to pee. You are going
to be my toilet. Until Sammi is well, both of us are using 
your mouth in lieu of the commode everytime we need to piss."

"That is it, good and tight. Here it comes!"

"I can see why Sammi likes doing this to you so much. Your
mouth feels so good on my pussy. I get really turned on
with the knowledge of how much I am humiliating you. Unless,
you really do enjoy serving us this way. Sammi says you are
a little slut and you want her to do awful things to you.
I think my daughter knows you pretty good. You just be glad
I talked her out of doing what she said she was going to do 
at the cabin. All I can tell you is, it is a lot worse than
she has done to you yet! That would be humiliating even to
you!"

"Carry me to my room and get me off the way you did last time."

(g) "I like the ride! I could get use to your service, Lindsey!"

I carried her to her bedroom and went down on her. After her
second orgasm she said breathlessly.

"Sammi says you give very good rim jobs." (g)

As she said that she was already putting her ass to my face.
She giggled as I tongued her ass hole. I was not prepared for
the expulsion of wind. I had just took my tongue out of her
ass when she cut a really big fart in my face. It was awful.
I could feel her ass move on my face from laughter. Yeah,
Sammi inherited more than looks from her mom.

"Go back to Sami and see if she needs anything from you.
Who knows she may want to used the services of The Lindsey 
Transport!"

She looked straight at me when she said that and laughted.
I was humiliated. Who else would Sammi tell?




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Ten

I went to Sammi. I could feel the red on my race.

"Lindsey, you look embarrassed! What did my mom do 
to embarrass you?"

"She knows the things you do to me." I answered.

"I have no secrets from my mom. Of course she knows.
What possible difference can that make. If she wants 
to use you, she has my permission, as if she needed it. 
I may even suggest she use you just as I do. Yeah, 
that can be part of your punishment for hurting me."

"I did not want you to be hurt, Sammi. You must know I 
love you. I did not want you to cheer in those boots.
I was not worried about your hurting me as much as I 
was concerned you might be hurt. And you were."

"So, little miss know it all, now it is my fault, eh?
I will remember that at the cabin. You will remember 
it too. None of the girls will want to use that old 
outside toilet. Maybe all of us will use you. Full and 
complete. What do you think of that, Lindsey Jones? 
A dozen girls using your filthy mouth to piss and 
shit it. Ha, I bet your stomach would sure be full. 
It may even burst open! What a mess that would be!" (g)

I looked at Sammi, I knew she was not serious. I knew
she would not tell the other cheerleaders about the 
things she did to me. Sammi would never do such a thing. 
Not my beautiful Sammi.

I looked down at my feet. I could not look at her. I
was not very happy.

After a minute or two of silence I walked to her and 
knelt down in front of her.

"May I please serve you in some manner, Sammi?"

"Yeah, slut. I need to pee. I will use your mouth.
Get it in place."

I removed Sammi's clothes from the waist down and got 
my mouth over her. I looked up at her face. She was
wearing her, "I am very superior to you," expression.
I kissed her pussy very lovingly. Her lips curled
upward in a smile.

"Her it comes, toilet."

The way she said, "toilet", it had three sylables.

Her piss splashed down my throat. I was getting good 
at accepting it. I never had to stop her flow once,
even though she was forcing a hard stream into my mouth.
I saw her eyebrows arch. I knew she was impressed with
my serving her.

"Not bad, toilet. I can't wait to see how you do next."

"Mom, would you come in here please." (g)

"Sure, Sammi, what do you need?" Her mom asked as she 
walked into the room.

"Lindsey is so impressed with you and how beautiful 
you are. She wants you to go pee in her mouth. She is
to embarrassed to ask you. I told her it would be OK.
That you would not mind, since she wanted it and had 
been doing such a good job serving as my slave. In 
fact, mom, Lindsey asked if she could be a slave for 
the whole family. She said she would like that very 
much, especially if you always used her mouth as your 
pee toilet like I have been doing."

"Why, Lindsey, you should not be embarrassed! It is not
uncommon for a person of lesser social standing to have a 
desire to serve the elite. I was on my way to the 
bathroom when Sammi called out to me. Come to me child.
Kneel down right there on the tile. I will use you the 
same way Sammi does. I think it is great that you know
your place in life. At an early age too!"

She looked down at me as I removed her clothes. When
I place my mouth on her pussy I heard a little moan
only seconds before I tasted her golden nectar. I
felt her nails hit my forehead as her hand moved on
her g spot. Mrs. Smith was getting off on pissing 
in my mouth. When she was through doing that, She told
me to eat her out again. Sammi was already back to 
watching her tv show. She was hardly aware of what 
her mom was doing to me. Maybe she did not care.

I got her off again. When she was finished with me 
she told me to put her clothes on and she walked 
away just like that was an ordinary thing in her 
life. When I move I could feel piss slosh in my 
stomach. I had to go pee myself.

"Lindsey, when you get out of the bathroom, start 
cleaning this house. I will expect you to do a good 
job too. Just remember you are doing it for Sammi 
and I, We deserve only the best. Just think of it 
as a prelude to tomorrow. The cabin really needs 
your attention. I am glad you are cleaning it for 
us this year. It cost us two hundred dollars to get 
it cleaned last year. I know you will do a better 
job too!"

I started cleaning the bathroom as soon as I went pee.

Mrs. Smith came in.

"No, Lindsey. It has to be sparkling. The only way to
clean our bathroom is, you must always lick the toilet 
seat with your tongue. There is a reason for that. If 
it is not clean enough for your tongue, it is not 
clean enough for my ass, Well? Don't you agree?"

I could find no grounds for disagreement. She did 
have a beautiful ass.

I started licking the toilet seat. There was no taste 
other than a clean one. I had it plenty clean. This was 
just a way Mrs. Smith had of degrading me.

She watched me lick it for a while than walked away. I 
could hear her talking to Sammi, I could not hear what 
they were saying. Pretty soon they both begin to giggle.
I am sure it had something to do with my licking the 
toilet seat.

When I finished cleaning the bathroom I begin cleaning
other parts of the house. Either Sammi or mrs. Smith 
insisted I do parts of the cleaning again even though 
there was absolutely nothing amiss with the way I did 
it the first time. I almost said something. Wisely I 
did not. Any remark I made to suggest I was right and 
either of them were wrong would have been met with 
harsh punishment.

Mr. Smith came in and grilled steaks. I got a hamburger.
I was thankful for that. I carried stuff from the kitchen 
to the grill. I set the table on the deck overlooking the 
pool. I had cleaned all of it only an hour ago. I was so
tired. I served them their food and sit down to eat mine.

"Lindsey, be a dear and get under the table. I need a foot 
rest. You made me tired walking around and checking on your 
cleaning. I think by now that should not be necessary. I 
expect you to do much better at the cabin. If you do not 
your punishment will be very undesirable to you."

Sammi giggled. "That is telling her mom. I have been way to 
lenient with her. She has developed some bad habits. She
needs your strong hand to correct her. Do you still have
your riding crop?"

"Yes, I still have it and I know just the place to apply it.
 Remind me to take it to the cabin tomorrow".

"I knew Sammi was being to lenient with you when you dropped 
her. Whatever she chooses to do to you to punish you for that 
is not enough. I have told her your punishment should be most 
severe. We have discussed a few things. Sammi is more concerned 
with what the cheer team will think of you than am I".

I had crawled under the table taking my hamburger with me. I
felt legs and feet being placed on my body. I was on my hands 
and knees. Sammi had one of her legs on my shoulders and one 
leg on my head. I had my hamburger under my face. I tried to 
bend down and take a bite. I was hungry. I got my mouth to my 
burger and Sammi shifted her other leg to my head. I was 
supporting both her legs with my neck. My face went down and 
I had a huge mouthful of burger. I knew it was no accident 
because I could hear them laughing. I managed to chew and 
swallow the bite and I took another one. Sammi shifted both 
legs off my neck.

"Raise up. You are to low. I want my legs higher". Sammi said.

I felt another set of legs. Mr. Smith had put his legs on my 
ass. He kept moving them. I knew he was playing with my ass.
I also knew to say nothing and not to move.

They had me get from under the table and serve dessert. When
I placed the dessert in front of each of them Sammi said, 
"Back under the table, Lindsey. You are moving to slowly".

As I crawled back under the table Mr. Smith's foot raised up
under me catching my pussy. He continued to pull up with his 
foot while moving it in circles. His other leg was on my ass. 
If anyone else knew they did not care. I did not like being
touched by a man. I did not like it at all. I was helpless
to do anything though. The thought entered my mind, "What if 
this was a prelude to his fucking me?" That would be awful.
I doubt if I could stand that. I never thought he would do 
what he was doing. But then I never knew him. If he could do
this to me with his wife and daughter there, he could force 
me to submit when he was alone with me. I would try very 
hard not to ever be with him when Sammi or Mrs. Smith was 
not present.

Get everything cleaned up then you may eat your food. There 
are some scraps on our plates you may eat also. There may 
even be some dessert left. Be sure you clean really good. 
We are going to a movie.

They went back in the house and I started cleaning. 

"Lindsey I brough you a glass of something warm and fresh.
I just made it for you"!

Sammi giggled as she handed me a glass of her piss.

"Be sure you drink it with your hamburger". (g)

She knew I was watching her walk back in the house. She
gave her cute little ass some extra twists. She had the
best looking ass I have ever seen, I thought, as it went 
through the door.

I cleaned until they left than I started on my food. I thought
I could pour her piss out and she would never know. I picked 
it up and went inside. For some reason I did not know I looked 
up. A security camera was square on me. I went to the fridge 
and got some ice and put in the glass of piss as if that was 
my intention all along. I sit down and ate my burger, sipping 
on Sammi's iced pee.




              A Cheerleader's Story

                 Chapter Eleven

When I finished cleaning I showered and went to bed. I
was very tired. I knew tomorrow would be worse. I vowed
to try to please Sammi and her mom in everyway possible.
They almost had the power of life and death over me.

I had problems falling asleep. I was tired and thoughts
of tomorrow continued to play through my mind. I thought
a lot of Mr. Smith too. Those was even more unpleasant.

I think I had just fallen asleep when Sammi came in.

"Wake up slave, you sleep to much. I drink a lot of soda 
at the movies and ate to much popcorn. I need to pee. I
will be doing that a lot tonight and I do not plan to 
leave the bed. You had best not get my bed wet even if 
the mattress is covered in plastic".

I helped her out of her clothes and sit in the floor in 
front of her. She quickly straddled my face. This had 
become a natural position for her. As soon as my lips 
touched her she began to piss. I did not think she would 
ever stop.

"Know what the popcorn makes me do"? Sammi asked with a 
giggle.

I could not answer I was busy swallowing and trying to 
breathe.

I heard the noise a split second before the scent of her 
fart hit my nostrils.

"That is what popcorn makes me do. Inhale hard. I do not 
want the stink in here. Hold your breath too. You make a 
pretty good fart filter"! (g)

When Sammi was through I bowed down and she climbed in bed, 
using me as a step. Maybe it was caused by her being a cheer 
flyer, I don't know. She liked walking on me and did so at 
every opportunity.

"You enter from the foot of the bed. You know the procedure.
If you sleep you had better awaken quickly when I need you.
Be sure to inhale my farts and hold them in your lungs too.
Not only do I not want to smell them, I want your body to 
process my farts. I know how much you like the scent so they 
must be good for you. Lindsey I will be very sleeply. Proper
care of me is, well, you know how important it is".

I entered the bed from the foot and placed my mouth over Sammi's 
pussy. I begin to lick it slowly. This is what I lived for. I 
felt Sammi's hand on my head. I put one hand on her g spot and 
one on her nipple. I felt her other hand on her other teat. I 
moved my hand in circles on her g spot and squeezed her nipple. 
My tongue was moving over her clit with the same rythym.

Her pressure on my head increased. I pushed harder on her g spot
and licked faster. I was squeezing her nipple pretty hard. Her
breathing was hard, her ass was leaving the bed. My neck hurt.
I was afraid I would hurt Sammi. She did not appear to have that 
fear. I loved the taste of Sammi's cum. It was times like these 
that made me realize how truly lucky I was. When Sammi reached 
climax and orgasmed I heard her scream. She stopped moving. Her 
breathing was hard and deap. I sucked on her pussy. I moved my 
tongue in as far as I could and made circles with it. I pulled 
my tongue back in my mouth loaded with cum. I slowly cleaned her 
enjoying every second. I licked on her for quite a while before 
she turned on her side. I needed no encouragement. I placed my 
mouth over her pretty rosebud and started rimming it. She moaned 
a little as I licked her ass. Without warning air exploded into 
my mouth and against my face. It stunk. No matter how beautiful 
Sammi was outside, inside she smelled like shit. I coughed. I
knew Sammi did not approve but I could not help it. The fart was 
so strong. I recovered quickly and inhaled with a deep breath 
and held it. Sammi patted me on my head. I kissed her ass as she
went to sleep.

During the night I was awaken by the stink of a fart. I inhaled 
and held it as Sammi wished.

"I gotta pee". Sammi uttered in her soft sweet voice. She sounded
so tiny when she was sleepy. 

I placed my mouth and sucked for a tight fit. Her flow started 
quickly and came hard and fast. I would allow my mouth to fill 
and swallow in a big gulp, quickly breathe as my mouth filled 
again. I knew how important it was to keep up with her flow 
without stopping her. I knew she probably was not really awake 
and I did not want to disturb her sleep. That is why she had
me doing this. I could taste the Coke she had drink. Real Coke taste 
better but was not as erotic. I knew there were things wrong with my 
thought processes but I was turned on being Sammi's toilet and 
serving as her slave. At first the toilet thing was not easy but it 
was becoming more pleasurable all the time. I do not know if it is 
due to her ability to train me or if I always had the tendencies.
I now believe she has used others in the same way. I could not have 
been the first because Mrs. Smith would not have acted in the way 
she did. She was not surprised, she approved, and even wanted to 
use me also. I sometimes wonder how it will end. What my future 
will be with Sammi. Heaven forbid it not be without her. I could
never bear the though of life without Sammi. I must be near her
no matter what I must do to acheive that. Sammi is everything.
She is beautiful, athletic, and so sexy. I know I would be happy
if my mouth were permanently attached to her pussy. I would miss
the taste of her rosebud though. I have these thoughts more often.
Again, I do not know if it is Sammi and her mom's ability to 
brain wash me, or if it has always been my secret desires. I have
known for sometime how much I loved girls but I never knew I wanted
to be a slave for one, not until Sammi. When she ask or tells me to 
do something, no matter what it is, a wave of pleasure comes over me 
because it is something she requested. Hearing her voice, seeing her 
facial expressions as she uttered the remark and most of all, my
doing what ever she asked, has become the most important thing in my 
life. Serving Sammi has truly become my reason for living.

When she finished peeing, I licked her gently and kissed her pretty
pussy lovingly. My Sammi stired some but never awoke and I went back 
to sleep with my face nuzzled between her thighes, enjoying the aroma
of her pussy and secretly longing for her next fart.

I was awakened by my neck being twisted as Sammi turned over. I 
thought my neck would break before I got my arms between her legs, my 
elbows planted, and managed to turn my body also. She never seemed to 
notice my discomfort.

"Oh, glad to see you are awake! Today is a big day for you. Mom and
I have discussed what we want you to do at the cabin. I am sure it 
really needs cleaning. Mom does not usually spend much time there. She
is making an exception for you! Isn't that sweet of her. So nice that
I think after I have peed in your mouth you should go to her bedroom 
and ask her if there is anything you can do for her. Dad just left to 
bring back pastries for breakfast. Hurry Lindsey! I gotta pee!" 

I got in place quickly and Sammi gave me her morning pee. It was 
stronger than last night. Believe me when I say that a girl would
have to really love Sammi to drink this stuff. 

I licked and kissed her when she was through.

"Hurry, Lindsey, go to mom. I know she is expecting you."
Sammi said that with a giggle.

I went to Mrs. Smith's room and knocked lightly.

"Is that you, Lindsey?" She asked.

Her voice was a lot like Sammi's. A little lower in tone and not 
as soft.

"Yes." I answered.

"Do come in, Lindsey." She said.

I entered and stopped in my tracks. She was on the bed, her ass on 
a pillow, her legs bent and spread. I stood there gawking at her
with opened mouth.

"Lindsey, child, do you see something you want?" She asked with a sexy
expression. That turned into a smirk like smile. She was aware of her 
feminine power.

"I have need of you. I am all wet. I need a nice caressing tongue, 
there." She said, as she pointed a long beautifully manicured finger
toward her pubic area.
 
I got my mouth closed and moved to the foot of her bed and kneeled.
She was ready for me alright. She had positioned her ass at just the
right place for me to kneel, bend foward and rest my mouth on her 
pussy.

She was correct, she needed attention. Cum was everywhere. I started
licking. I should have known where all that cum came from. I knew
as soon as I tasted it. They had had sex only a few minutes ago.
I felt her hands tighten on my head.

"It is alright, you will get used to the taste, Lindsey. It is not that
bad. Remember you are doing this for me. You do like pleasing me, 
don't you?"

I looked up at her. "Yes, I like pleasing you, but I, I, I" 
I stampered.

"Just keep licking. Put your mouth over my pussy and suck. You can
get lots of cum at once and really savor the taste of our cum mixed
together. If you get some hair in your mouth don't let it bother you. 
Just keep focused on what you are doing, eating me out. My husband 
does not shave."

I had hair in my mouth. Plus I knew it was his. I had his hair and
his cum in mouth and I could smell him. I did not like it. I fought
not to gag. A hair went down my throat and got hung. I came up 
gagging.

"Lindsey! I will not have that! Get yourself under control! I know what
you need. Put your mouth over me and get ready for a little something 
to wash down that hair with."

I looked into her eyes. They were sparkling with power. She pointed that
finger again and I put my mouth where she wanted it. She began pissing
at once. I swallowed her strong morning pee in big gulps.

"Sammi said you were good at this. You are to. I am really going to 
enjoy having you around. Plan to do this every morning. Sometimes 
during the day too. I love sex with my husband. If we summonse you 
during the night you can come in and entertain us. you may get a big 
cock down your throat!" 

She laughted, a real throaty laugh.

I did not think it was funny. I did not think it was funny at all.
I though I could depend on her to keep him away from me. I now knew 
she was not going to be any help. If she did not help me, no one 
would. I could either remain with my beloved Sammi and accept what 
her dad did to me, or I could leave. I did not think I could ever 
leave Sammi. I loved eating her, I loved serving her. I always
wanted to belong to Sammi.

I swallowed all of Mrs. Smith's piss and resumed licking her, saying
nothing. She began to moan and raise her ass off the pillow. I 
continued to service her. I liked eating her but my mind was still
on the scent and taste of Mr. Smith. Also I could not get out of
my mind the awful ting she had suggested. I did not believe it was
said in jest either.

When she climaxed I cleaned her up again. She turned over with her
ass sticking in the air.

"Tongue out my ass, Lindsey. I love it when you lick my ass."

I complied with her order. I liked licking her ass too.

"Lindsey, when we are finished here, strip the bed and put the 
sheets to wash. Clean our bathroom and get yourself ready to go to 
the cabin. We will have breakfast shortly. Oh, yeah, I know about 
the feels my husband cops, get used to them. He is entitled to some
fun with you too. Sammi has been to easy with you. It is time you 
began accepting your role as our slave. I told Sammi you were so 
pussy whipped we could used you anyway we choose and you would 
accept it because you were in love with her."

"I am going to breakfast. If you get things done here quickly 
enough, you may get a roll. You will need the energy to clean up 
that cabin!"

I watched her sexy ass go out the door. I got busy stripping the bed.




              A Cheerleader's Story

                  Chapter Twelve

"Lindsey, when you finish loading my stuff, come back for me. 
I feel like a piggy back ride to the suv this morning. I 
know how much you like carrying me on your back. You can't 
get enough of my bod. That is why I own you!"

"I will be right back for you, Sammi." I called back over my 
shoulders as I carried her stuff to the vehicle. 

Sammi looked so cute this morning in black shorts and red top. 
Sammi was gorgeous. I liked the way her pert titties pushed 
against the buttons of her top. When she was ordering me around
her nipples would show against her shirt. I liked her in jeans 
even more. I could see the her lips press against her jeans 
when she was aroused. She would get like that very quickly 
when I did things like massage her feet, kiss them, and suck 
on her toes. I loved those sessions. They always ended with 
my mouth on her pussy and my tongue playing with her clit and 
going up in her love canal as far as I could reach. Ah, the 
scent and taste of Sammi was pure heaven.

"Sammi, bring my stuff too. It is just inside the door."
Mrs. Smith said.

She was looking at herself in a mirror. I stopped and looked 
at her for a moment. God she was a beautiful lady.

I smiled at her and said. "Sure Mrs. Smith."

She flashed me a smile. I could feel my tongue get thick. I
knew I was accepting me more all the time. If I liked serving 
Sammi and her mom so much, than what was wrong with doing it.
I could not let myself be concerned that they were using me,
taking advantage of me. Nothing like that. I wanted to serve 
them and they obviously enjoyed it. 

I loaded her stuff and went back for Sammi. She was in her room.

"I tired of waiting for you so I came up to my room. You will 
have farther to carry me. You best be careful with me too. 
You hurt me again and I will punish you a whole lot."

She smiled when she said that but I believed she was serious.

I squatted down and she placed her arms around my neck. I raised 
up and she gave a little jump and I caught her legs. She hung on 
to my neck tightly. Almost chocking me. When I coughed she 
let up a little. She bounced on my back all the way to the car,
slapping my ass with one hand while hanging on with the other. 
Her giggles were delightful.

"We are going to have so much fun. That place is antiquated, 
you know. That translates into dirty! My slave girl will get it 
spotless for my party though! Won't you slave!" (g)

We we loaded including a trailer with a large four wheeled on a 
trailer behind us. It was a few hours to the mountains where the 
cabin was. They had told me that they did not take the Navigator 
all the way. They parked it at the estate house and we rode the 
four wheelers to the cabin. I had never seen the estate house. I 
heard it was even more beautiful than their home in town. They 
would spend most of the summer there.

Sammi reached up and pulled the curtain that divided the seats.

She looked shyly at me. Sammi was not at all shy, she could just 
look that way.

She whispered, "I am so glad I have you. I forgot to pee before 
I left home. Dad does not like to stop for pee breaks so quickly. 
He always says, 'Why did you not go before we left!' Like a girl 
can think of everything! I did not need to go before we left. I 
do now though."

She was smiling at me. Her pretty brown eyes were flashing. The 
way they always did when she was about to be served in some way 
by me. Usually the more degrading the service the more her eyes 
sparkled.

She was pointing to the floor meaning I was to get in the 
floorboard so she could straddle my face. We had never done this 
in the car before. I knew if I let any spill out of my mouth I 
was in trouble.

I helped her out of her black bikini cut panties. My face was 
only inches away from her pussy. I kissed it even before I got
her panties off her feet.

"Sammi," her dad said. "I congratulate you on remembering to use 
the toilet before we left home. I am surprised you have not ask 
me to stop for you before now."

I could hear Sammi's mom giggling. She knew why Sammi pulled the 
curtain. I was already busy swallowing Sammi's piss. Sammi was 
being so gentle and thoughtful. She was helping me keep up with 
the flow.

"Lindsey, what if I have to take a big dump?" Sammi giggled.

I kept swallowing and never answered.

When the flow stopped I started licking. I loved her pussy.
Sammi squeezed my face with her thighes for a minute before opening
them and pushing back on my head. 

"Not yet! Not here, Lindsey! My dad is up there she whispered
under her breath, giggling.

"It always amazes me how much teenage girls giggle. What do they
find that is so comical back there." Mr. Smith said.

"Our daughter is just a happy person, she likes being with 
Lindsey too. Lindsey does everything for her, I am sure you have 
noticed that."

There was a pause in their conversation.

"Lauren, what is, 'Everything for her'? Why did Sammi pull the 
curtain? She would not use ----- no, ---- impossible!"

"Lauren, why are you smiling like that? Everytime I see you smile 
that way, I get a surprise."

"Ted, Sammi is a very thoughtful and considerate daughter. She
did not want to ask you to stop for her. After all she has Lindsey,
and Lindsey enjoys serving our daughter in ALL ways."

There was silence after that. Mr. Smith now knew what I was to Sammi.
I hoped that meant he would not want to fuck me.

Sammi gave my face a loving squeeze as I kissed her beautiful lips.

We soon arrived at the estate house. It was large and beautiful.
I knew Sammi was rich, I did not realize how rich. I unloaded a 
few things there, not much. I also got a much needed potty break.

They had four wheelers there and Mr. Smith unloaded the new one.
I rode behind Sammi and Lauren behind Ted.

Mr. Smith pulled a trailer behind him with various things we would 
need. I hung on tightly to Sammi. Her hair smelled so fresh and 
clean. I loved the way it blew in my face as we road. No one had 
on a helmet although there were two helmets on each four wheeler.

I cringed when I saw the cabin. Antiquated was an understatement.
Even in my standards it looked little more than a shack.

"Hop off Lindsey. We are here. It needs some tlc and a little 
cleaning. I know you know how to clean. We are going riding and 
look around. You start cleaning the place." Mrs. Smith was giving
me almost as many orders as Sammi.

They roared off laughing. I went to work.

There was a lot of dust. I swept, dusted, cleaned windows. I was
getting tired and hungry. I had to go so I went to the out house. 
It needed cleaning too. It did have a comfortable seat and real 
toilet paper. I had read stories about a hole cut out and catalogs!

I heard the Smiths returning. I came out and Mrs. Smith was 
standing at the door of the cabin. 

"Lindsey, you have to mop the floors. You were fixing to do that, 
were you not?"

"Yes, Mrs. Smith." I answered.

They started unpacking the cooler. I was glad. They even fixed 
their own sandwiches. 

"Lindsey, lay down on the deck. Right there." Sammi said as she 
pointed to the edge.

I did as she ordered. She plopped down on me. "You make a much
softer seat for my delicate bottom!" She giggled. 

I felt Mrs. Smith's weight as she sit on me also. They moved
their asses more than necessary too. They used me as they would 
a couch. Neither of them had any requard for me. More and more 
we were going down the road of uncaring. I think if it was only 
Sammi and I she would be a lot more considerate. I felt she 
abused me only to show off her indifference to her parents.
Once Sammi clossed her legs and her muddy boot grazed my face.
She just giggled.

"Oops! You have mud on your nose. Least I hope it is mud!"
Sammi giggled.

Laughter followed.

"I do not think you want to lick your nose though." Mr. Smith
retorted to the amusement of the ladies.

"Eat a quick sandwich and start mopping, Lindsey. We must get 
this place cleaned today. When you finish here clean the toilet 
good. I know you noticed it needed your cleaning touch also."

"Yes, Mrs. Smith." I replied.

I had just started mopping the place when Mrs. Smith came in.

"Not like that, on your hands and knees, Lindsey."

I looked at her, got down on my hands and knees and begin scrubbing.

"That looks much better. You will be able to see the floor better
too."

Sammi entered and sit on my back. She said nothing, just sit on me 
while I scrubbed.

"Sammi, I am getting really tired." I told her after what seemed 
like an hour. 

"Shhhhh, I am reading a really cool article in this mag and do not 
want to be disturbed right now. Just clean, OK Lindsey. I do not
always want to talk. Don't forget this is your punishment for 
hurting me. Oh, yeah. I have to go pee. My ankle is not up to 
walking to the john." She said as she dismounted me and stood 
waiting for me to get in the position to be her toilet.

I looked up at my beautiful Sammi. God she was beautiful. Her
eyes and mouth had a hard, set look though. Was Sammi caring less 
about me each day or was it my imaginazation from fear of losing 
her. I think given the choice of losing my life or losing Sammi, 
I would choose to lose my life.

Sammi used my mouth as casually as she would have pissed in a 
commode. She even answered her cellie and talked to someone
while relieving herself in my mouth. I swallowed her golden
nectar with thoughts of how devine and all powerful she was. 
How I was meant to serve her. I believed this to be the proper 
order for my life, serve my beautiful Sammi.

When she was finished she pointed down for me to pull up her 
panties and shorts. She never missed a line in her conversation 
on the phone. I was being treated merely as an object of 
convenience. When I fasten her shorts she walked away without 
a word to me or even a glance. I watched her beautiful ass move 
away and wiped a tear from my eye.










 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Cheerleader's Story



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Thirteen

They went riding again and left me to clean. I had the place 

looking pretty neat when they got back.&nbsp; I even cleaned the 

outhouse.



"Lindsey we are going back to the estate house now. Sammi

has decided to have her party there. There is more for the girls 

to do. Also I doubted if you were going to get this place clean 

enough for my daughter. There will be some cleaning there for you 

do. You have so much energy! I told Sammi you could clean the 

place really good. You can work on it until eleven or so, get up 

at five and finish the job. Clean the inside tonight and you can 

clean the pool area in the morning. I assured her you could do it.

She said if you could you would for her. Sammi returned with her 

dad. You can ride with me."



I climbed on behind Mrs. Smith. Her hair was so much like Sammi's.

I buried my face in it before the four wheeler moved.



"Uh oh! I need to pee really bad. I can not make it back to the 

house. I refuse to use that shack. There may be spiders or anything 

in it. You are going to have to be my pee toilet. It is a must. 

You don't really mind, do you? There is no one out here to see us."



She said that really sweet, like Sammi. I hoped I was not being 

fickle to Sammi but Mrs. Smith was really hot. I had tasted her 

pussy before and loved it. I did not care for her pee, but that was

a part of human/goddess contact. 



I got off the four wheeler on my knees and looked up at Mrs. Smith.



"I am not being unfaithful to Sammi, am I Mrs. Smith?"



"Of course not! This is an emergency anyway. Since you are down 

there pull my shorts off."



I complied instantly. She laughted a low laugh. "Hurry, Lindsey!"



I pulled off her panties and she slid off the seat on my shoulders.



"You are so strong, Lindsey."



I placed my mouth over her pussy. She sighed and started pissing.

I swallowed. She must have pissed a pint. She would stop often and 

allow me to breath though. When she was finished she hooked her 

toes into me and stayed on my shoulders.



"You may eat me, Lindsey. I know you want to. See, I know how much 

you like your mouth on a hot pussy. I know how much you love the 

taste of a feminine ladies cum. So lick away. I want sex with you."



She started hunching my face. she turned me around so my back was

gainst the four wheeler. She hung on to some part of it while 

keeping her toes dug in the small of my back. Her toe nails were sharp 

and hurt. She hammered my head against the four wheeler with each

thrust of her ass. She lasted longer than Sammi. I was tired already.

I was realy tired when Mrs. Smith finished with me. I also think

I swallowed a ton of her cum.



"Oh, that was so good, Lindsey. We will do that a lot from now on.

I would like to have you handy to roll over on after I had vanilla

sex. Your mouth would be great to suck out all that cum. Maybe we 

can do it tonight if my husband is up to wild sex with me. I think 

the addition of you will do the trick. He will like seeing you

perform cunnilingus on me. Yeah, you are going to become a vital

part of our household. You never have to worry about going back

to poverty again. You will stay with us and live in luxury. I know

you do not mind work. We will find lots of that for you to do.

You will be our little house slave. Our very special lil upstairs 

maid, welll, downstairs too! When Sammi is away, we will play!"





That sexy low laugh followed. Mrs. Smith sounded a lot like Sammi

when she talked sweet and sexy. Her laugh was in a lower pitch.

Very sexy. She looked straight at me. Her facial expression left 

no doubt how superior to me she was. Why did that make me so hot?



We arrived at the house. 



"Hop off here. Go in and see if Sammi needs you. If not go to

work cleaning the place. We hanve not been here. It has been 

closed up but needs a woman's touch to be really clean. I like

really clean."



"Lindsey, you must tell me really soon about the differences 

betwen me and a plain ordinary woman, like your mom. I really 

know so little about lesser women of the world and they are 

somewhat interesting,from a pure observation. Thank god I am 

not one! and Lindsey, I want you to dwell on mine and Sammi's 

superiority and things you can do to make our lives more fun. 

The cost to you is really of little importance. Both of us 

know you were born to serve. Don't ever have thoughts of 

leaving us. Go with your heart and strive to serve us more 

and more. It will please us and give you much satisfaction."



With that she sped off towards some out buildings leaving me

standing by the house. I did not know where anything was. I

was not sure of which door I should enter. I walked in the 

house. Sammi saw me instantly.



"Lindsey Jones, where have you been. There is so much to do.

But first I have needs. Follow me, no, carry me. My room is 

upstairs. Down the hall, 1st door on the left. Well, get on

your knees, I want a pony ride."



I got on my knees. Sammi came up behind me and got on my shoulders.

I raised up with her. "Don't you drop me like you did before.

It is off with your head if you do." (g) 



"What did you and my mom do? It took longer for you to get here 

than it would have if you had come straight to the house. I bet 

my mom used you for her pee toilet. She said she had to go really 

bad and she will not use the outhouse. Yep, she used the Lindsey 

Jones Potty Unit. We discussed you to day. We stopped the four 

wheelers on a big bluff. We looked across the country side and 

discussed you. My dad was pretty sure he knew you were being my 

toilet. He was not to cool about it but my mom made him see things 

our way. That is really good since it means we will keep you.

I was afraid he might send you home. Not now! You are like an

addition to our family. Shit, he may use you!" (g)



"Go in the bathroom and get on your knees!"



All I have to do is turn around and, viola! My toilet is in front 

of me. I am enjoying using your mouth for my pee toilet more all 

the time. I think it is so cool that you love my pussy so much 

that you will do all of these perverted things to please me. Lindsey,

you are a real little slut! I am glad though. A goddesses like 

me and my mom can always find uses for a little slut!

That is what my mom told my dad."



All the time she was telling me this she was going pee. I was

drinking. When she finished she turned around and put her ass 

to my mouth. I puckered to kiss it.



"Silly I have to fart. Put you mouth over my ass as tight as

you can. Spread my cheeks." (g)



She cut a big fart in my mouth.



"Swallow that. Pretend it is dessert after my pee. Be thankful

you do not have to eat my shit! I should make you after you 

went whoring around with my mom. You be glad my mom and I are 

so close and share things like you. otherwise I would like be 

totally mad! You would be totally beat!"



"I am through with you now. Go clean something."



Sammi looked so superior as she dismissed me, already dialing

her cell phone.



I walked away, feeling sorry for myself that I did not get to 

taste my beautiful Sammi's cum.

































 













 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Cheerleader's Story



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Fourteen



I opened doors until I found the cleaning stuff. I asked

Sammi where it was but she waved me off by waving her hand

and squinting her face at me. (She was talking on the phone)

I liked the way her pert little nose flared and her pretty 

brown eyes squinted. Even her cheek bones seemed to become higher.

Sammi was really beautiful. Not plain like me. I feel really

great when I am with Sammi and she is being nice to me, thought.

It has been to long since she was very nice. Not since the 

accident I think. That was not my fault. She did something 

I asked her not to do. Also it seems to me that she hurts 

more when it is convenient to her and she wants me to do 

something or as a prelude to admonishing me.



I got the duster out and began dusting. 



Their's was a large house. It would take a lot of work to clean 

the place. Just dusting and vacuuming would take a long time. 

I was so tired from all the work I did at the cabin. All for 

nothing. Sammi maybe using all this cleaning work to punish me 

for letting her get hurt. She was so angry at me and her mom was 

madder. I think her mom is coming around again after my helping 

her at the cabin. I can understand why a lady of Mrs. Smith's 

calibre would not use the outhouse. Her little ass is way 

to classy to sit in there.



Why am I having thoughts about Mrs. Smith's ass? I should be 

thinking of Sammi. I will go in Sammi's room and ask to kiss 

her pussy. That will make me feel better. Kissing Sammi's 

lips and giving her licks always makes me feel better. Besides 

I think I am about to get blisters on my hands from all this 

cleaning.



I walked in. Sammi was laying on her bed looking at a magazine.

The picture she was looking at showed two hot women in a 69.

Her hand was on her pussy and a couple fingers were inside.

She jumped and quickly moved her hand when I came in. I saw

it all though.



"Lindsey! You scared me. I know you and mom are the only ones 

who would enter my room without knocking. I still jumped though.

Since you are here I could use your talented tongue."



She gave me that sexy Sammi smile while seductively moving her

fingers and pointing to her crotch.



I smiled at her moving quickly to her lovely pussy. God I

loved the taste of her! I kissed her lips as soon as my mouth 

touched her vagina. I took each of her lips in my mouth and 

pulled gently. The tip of my tongue slid passed one of her 

lips and flicked around inside. It located her clit like radar.

Sammi moaned as I moved my tongue over her sweet bud. Sammi

had a active clitoris. Her lips were very small and her clit

would peek out. I ever so gently took it between my lips never 

missing a lick. I sucked gently. The key to Sammi's pleasure 

when doing anything to her clit was gentleness. Her jucices

were flowing. Cum entered my mouth. Soon my mouth was coated

inside. It was spilling out of my mouth and getting on my 

chin. I liked her cum on my face but it taste to good to let 

much escape. I swallowed. It went down my throat coating 

everything as it went. It was not my imagination, Sammi's cum

had a sweet taste. Mrs. Smith's did too. darn, there I go 

thinking of Mrs. Smith again. Sammi would kill me if she

knew thoughts of any woman entered my mind while I was having 

sex with her. My reminding her it was her mom would not save me!



Sammi shoved a pillow under my head and raised up and sit on

my face. She put a knee on each of my arms. Sammi loved this

position. I liked everything about it except the pain it caused 

my arms. I liked the feeling of helplessness it gave me. Why?

I asked myself again for the zillionth time. I would like to

touch my pussy it ached for attention. 



"Ohhhhhhh!" Sammi's hand touched me! I could feel her fingers 

as they probed my love canal. It had been so long since Sammi 

did anything for me. Oh, I loved her so much!&nbsp; 



"Ohhh Sammi!"



I cried out. 



"Gee Lindsey! You are a slut! I barely touched you! If you are

not able to control yourself and concentrate on my pleasure 

there will be no more of my fingers in your pussy! My pleasure

is what means everything to you. It is why I have you here. it

is the reason I let a plain girl like you associate with me.

Now concentrate on me!"



She returned to face fucking me.



My thoughts returned to my beautiful Sammi. I concentrated on her 

movements and moved my mouth and tongue to match Sammi's every 

thrust and gyration. Sammi could get pretty wild when my lips 

were not closed on her clit.



It was so hard to concentrate on Sammi's orgasm when my pussy

was exploding. I did my best to keep in time with Sammi. Her 

finger fucking me helped with my timing. Her beautiful long 

fingers felt soooo good. We both climaxed together. My pussy

was full and my cum was oozing out everywhere. 



Sammi's cum was all going in my mouth and down my throat as I 

swallowed. I sucked on her and put my tongue deep up her canal.

It was times like these when I was thankful for a tongue that 

came out of my mouth so far. I remembered my mom had teased me 

as a little girl when I would stick out my tongue. She would 

tell me I was part frog! 



"Here Sammi, open your mouth. You have made a mess of my fingers.

Yuck! Lick it off. Suck on my fingers. You have to change my 

sheets too. I am certainly not sleeping in that mess you made.

Your cum is everywhere! Have you no class, Lindsey.



"Uuuuh, so much cum! Eat it slut! Eat your own cum off my sheet 

too and then change my bedding. Be quick about it too. Lindsey, go 

to the bathroom and clean yourself up. You will drip cum on my 

carpet. You are such a little whore! My mom said you and your 

mom were only once removed from trailer trash. She said your 

mom was still about like trailer trash. I don't know how she 

knows her. She does not associate with lesser people. Well 

except you of course. She likes your mouth and tongue and has 

said several times how you know your place and are sooo good 

at it!



"Put your mouth on my pussy and suck again. Lick too. I feel

like I am about to drip. You did not properly finish the

clean up. If you are going to get to enjoy fucking me, you

have to do a better job of cleaning me afterwards. I guess

it was because I gave you to much pleasure. I should have

known better."



"Ohhh, you do have a talented tongue Lindsey Jones!"



"Now get my bed made and get back to house cleaning. I am 

surprised mom has not come looking for you. You should have 

not left your house cleaning in the first place. You just 

had to have some of my sweet pussy, didn't you slave?"&nbsp; (g)



"Look at that pussy, Lindsey. Look really good. That pretty

little mound is what got you where you are now. I own you.

I own you body and soul. You are mine."



"Wellll slave, say something!"



I got on my knees and crawled a couple steps and kissed Sammi. 

I kissed her pussy and all around it several times. I would 

look up at my Goddess Sammi frequently to be sure she was 

enjoying my show of affection and devotion as much as I was. 

She was. She looked the part of a Goddess, haughty enough that 

I knew my place, yet soft enough that I was glad I had found my 

place and wanted to serve Her Majesty forever.



"I love you, Sammi." I whispered several times. She answered 

once.



"I know you do Lindsey. Both of us do. We both have what we 

have dreamed of. We are a perfect match. You have to serve a 

superior lady and I have a need to be served by a lesser one."



"Get off your knees. You have a house to clean. I must get some

sleep and rest. I have a big party planned for tomorrow. I am

not sure how we will explain to the girls the reason you are 

being soooo subservient. (g) Knowing those girls they probably

will not even notice that you are waiting on all of us hand and 

foot. And should they notice, they will think as I do. It is 

your place. Let's face it, you are not upper class like the rest 

of us girls. You serve really good though. Your best talents are

your mouth and tongue. I love that tongue!"



I got up to leave.



"Wait, kiss my ass before you go. Spread my checks and french me.

Yes, that's it. My ass, your face, a perfect match! God, you

are so much fun Lindsey. Go before I get wet again!!!!"



"Whoa, stop. Get back on your hands and knees!"



Sammi stepped up on my back.



"Look, I am surfing! Take me to my bed, wave. Deposit me on

my bed to sleep, while it is off to cleaning with you!"



She shifted her weight around on my back while I crawled to her 

bed with her surfing and giggling.

























 













 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Cheerleader's Story



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Fifteen



I went back to dusting. While I was dusting Sammi came downstairs. 

God was she hot! She had on scanty panties with a matching bra. 

The bra was the type that opened in front and provided lift. Like 

Sammi needed that! The straps were spaced wide apart. She had on 

a short silk see through gown. All blue. Sammi usually did not wear 

blue. Blue is not my favorite color. But at that instant, it was. 

She walked up very close to me. I was still staring at her. She had 

to be the most beautiful thing in the world.



"Slave, there is no one here but mom and I. You are working hard. 

I am so afraid you will become to hot. Especially after cleaning 

the cabin and that filthy outside toilet! (g) Take off all your 

clothes. I am going to help you."



I am going to show you how to carry the duster while you vacuum 

just in case you see a spot you missed. We simply can not have you 

going back looking for the duster. With my idea, you will always 

know exactly where it is!!!" (g)



"Hand me your duster." 



Sammi was looking at the handle and at me with a wicked smile on her 

face. The kind she always had when she was about to do something to me 

for her amusement.



"Well hurry Lindsey. I do not have all night like you do. You do not

require much sleep. It does not matter what you look like tomorrow 

where as I must look good. It Is my birthday party and everyone always 

expects me to look great."



"You could never look anything but great." I said as I removed my bra.



"Slave you move to slow. Get those panties off."



When I bent down to remove them from my ankles Sammi walked behind me.

I could feel her eyes on me. I wished I had a body like Sammi's.



I heard her giggle as she was back around and facing me again.



"Open your mouth. Wider." Yeah, that's it. Put the handle of this

duster in your mouth and lick it good."



I am sure my eyes became wider as she stared at me with that same 

wicked smile.



"Now put the handle up your pussy. Work it in. I want to see all 

of that handle in your pussy or I will stick it in your ass."



"Ohhh yes, you are doing good for a virgin pussy. Oh, you are not 

virgin! What a surprise! That will make this better for you. All 

the convenience and no pain, well not at first anyway."



"See how terrif that is! Soooo handy for you! You look so good

with that feather duster sticking out of your pussy. Know what?

It would be good for our dance routines if I get one for your

ass. You could move and dust! (g) Lindsey Jones you are a barrel 

of laughs!



"I have to go to bed now. Clean my house good and do a really great 

job on the pool and the area we will use for my party. I want

everything to be first class. Slave do not remove the duster except 

to touch up. Then put it back. Mom or I may check on you."



"Oh yeah, one more thing. Mom got you an outfit for you to wear 

tomorrow after you finish cleaning. I told her how thoughtful it 

was of her. Especially since I have a new bathing suit. Good night 

slave."



"Good night princess I said as I watched that gorgeous ass move away.





I vacuumed next. I did the whole house except the master bedroom 

and Sammi's bedroom. There was sleeping going on there. It was after 

eleven when I finished. I went to sleep in the smallest of the bedrooms

after I set the alarm for 4:30 AM. I had to get up, fix me a peanut 

butter and jelly sandwich and clean the pool area.



The alarm went off. I was sound asleep. I was dreaming

I was carrying Sammi around the pool and around the house.

She was riding on my back yelling and screaming. The

other cheerleaders were cheering us on. I failed to make

it around the last lap before the bell went off. The bell

was the alarm. I awoke a little tired.



I bounced out of bed though. Took a quick shower and made

my sandwich, had some orange juice, and washed my dishes.

The kitchen was spotless again. They had an automatic 

diswasher but I had only a few things to wash.



I had the pool and the whole area, straightened everything too.

All before eight.



I went inside. Mrs. Smith was sitting at the bar drinking 

coffee. 



"Lindsey, sweetheart, come here."



I went to her.



She put her foot out.



"My foot itches. Be a dear and scratch it for me."



"No No, silly! Not your nails! They would hurt my dainty

little foot. Use your tongue. Tt is rough enough to stop 

where I itch. It is just right for the job."



She looked down at me and sipped on her coffee while I

licked here and there at her directions. I adored her giggle.

She sounded like an older Sammi. I hoped Sammi still wanted 

me when she was the age of Mrs. Smith.



"You can stay with us straight through the school year. Your

mom will understand. If I lived where she does, and had to 

get by on so little means, I would want my daughter to live 

with the elite and develop some culture. You are learning a 

lot living with us. Your speech is improving and the way you 

look at us has improved also. Liondsey, probably the most 

important part, you are learning how to behave around your 

superiors. Yeah, Lindsey you are learning a lot. Being around 

Sammi is doing wonders for you. Sammi,not because she is my 

daughter, welll yeah, because she is my daughter, is an 

upcoming socialite. She is the elite, you know. I was really

surprised when she brought you home. You are so, not in her 

class. She was bad to pick up strays as a little girl too. I 

thought she had out grown the nurturing bit. oh well, we will 

make the best we can out of you Lindsey."



"Between my toes itch too. You have a talented tongue."

She said as she spread her legs showing a scantily clad 

ass with a thin strip between her lips.



Her eyebrows arched as she looked at me looking at her.



"Go ahead, Lindsey. You have my permission to kiss my

panties. They're just ten dollars a pair panties. Just 

some old things I threw on before my bath. It is not

the price that makes you want to kiss, is it?" (g)



I moved my face to her crotch. I could tell she had not

bathed this morning. She smelled of sex too. I kissed

her pantied crotch.



"Well take them off if they are in your way. You are

dying to liss the real thing, not just an old pair panties, 

arn't you?"



I pulled on the top and she lifted her ass off the bar

stool. I pulled them down her long beautiful legs and took 

them off her feet. I glanced at her face before moving my 

head under her robe and my mouth to her pussy. She looked

like she owned me. I belong to Sammi I thought.



I started licking her pussy and playing with her lips the 

way I always did with Sammi. she slid off the stool on to 

my shoulders. She pinned my head against the cabinet and 

started to fuck my face. My head was hurting in no time 

caused by her banging my head against the cabinet I tried 

to say something but could not. She was squeezing my face 

with her thighs. I could barely breath. I gave her all my 

tongue hoping to get her off before I smothered. When she 

orgasmed she screamed and beat me with her fist the same 

way Sammi does on ocassion.&nbsp; She then totally relaxed. I 

sucked licked, and swallowed her cum.



"Hand me my panties, Lindsey. I am through with you for now. 

You may go."



She took another sip of coffee, not bothering to look at 

me again. Not because she wanted coffee. That was her way 

of dismissing me. Her way of showing how superior to me she 

was. Well, I needed no reminder. I already knew that. She was 

such a haughty bitch. Why did I get so hot when she treated me 

like a piece of shit? 



I met Sammi coming down the stairs. She was dressed in a 

really cute outfit. A two piece scanty bathing suit with

a skirt and top to match. Black with white trim and her initials 

on the front of her brief. I hoped she did not have my initials 

on the rear. The initials were small, tasteful, and a fancy script.

She looked radiant. Her eyes sparkled. 



"I had to bathe without your assistance. I forgive you 

since you were cleaning my party area."



I would have rather been bathing you." I said, truthfully.



"Yeah, I know. I giggled while bathing because I was 

depriving you! Arn't I bad"&nbsp; (g)



"Oh yeah. Dad appreciates your cleaning the cabin. He

and his buddies are having a party down there!"



"You should see your face, Lindsey Jones! I wish I had

a picture of that! Mom! I told Lindsey why she cleaned

the cabin! That girl is so funny."



She was laughing at me as she did a head and body wiggle

putting emphasis on her ass movements and said.



"You are just my slave." (g) 



It was like a little girl would say, Nay, nay, nay, nay nay

nay.



With that she went into the kitchen and I could hear her

talking and laughing with her mom. I heard her say.



"Way to go mom! I am proud of you. Mother and daughter are

just alike. I told you she was better at that than the other 

girl we had. Better at everything! Especially everything!"



They both laughted at that. Why am I not embarrassed? I thought

to myself. Even worse why is my heat building. I put my

hand to my crotch and it felt just like an oven. 



"Yeah, I do not remember the slave's name you had before 

Lindsey, either. Don't use this one up so quickly. She has permanent

possibilities!"



Sammi came back to the stairs.



"Still here, listening to us I bet. Well so what. To day is my

dad's birthday. He went back to the cabin last night. I am 

surprised you did not meet him. I gave him a clean cabin for

his birthday! Was that not really sweet and considerate of me?

He is so lucky to have a thoughtful daughter."



"Come down here, bow down and kiss my feet. I may have you

kissing a wee bit higher at the party. Not my ankles either!" 

Sammi giggled as I paid homage to her feet.



The more I kissed Sammi's feet the hotter I became. I slipped

my hand to my crotch. Sammi kicked me rather hard.



"No, No. Bad slut!" You touch yourself at my party and I will

tell all the girls what we do. All of it. I will invite them 

to use you too. I will show them the pictures of you with

one of my turds in your mouth. I will tell them you ate it

and begged for more shit from the gorgeous bod of your Goddess 

Sammi. Yeah, I brought them up here just in case I may have to 

put you in your place and give you proper discipline. My mom

thinks that would be hilarious. I told her I would not punish

you so harshly. Don't give me any reason to change my mind. Now 

get yourself cleaned up. The squad will be here in less than an

hour. I want you looking as presentable as you can. Your outfit 

is on your bed. Be sure and thank my mom properly and show her 

how much you appreciate gifts. It was not cheap."



I rushed to my bedroom. I could hardly wait to see it. I did not

expect it to be in Sammi's class. Mrs. Smith would never buy me 

an outfit like Sammi's.



I stared at my new outfit. I picked it up and looked at it while

turning it in my hands. It was really cute. I had seen outfits

like this one in the movies. It looked kinda like a tennis

outfit except it had a cute little hat that matched the short

skirt. It even had an apron!



I bathed, washed my hair and put on my new outfit. I did not know 

why it came with an apron. Maybe Mrs. Smith knew I would be 

doing some carrying of food and drinks and wanted to protect my 

new outfit.



I applied makeup and looked in the mirror. The outfit was soooo 

cute. It was blue and white. The cap was white as was the apron.



I proudly wore it down stairs. All the girls were in the dining 

area when I cam down. They all called out to me. They were such a 

happy bunch. Several of them were giggling. I heard my name 

mentioned a few times.



"Lindsey, you look really really great in that outfit. It becomes

you. Never have I seen you looking better!" One of the girls said.



There were giggles of consent. I heard someone say, "Or fitting!"



"Everyone out to the pool." Sammi said.



"Lindsey be a dear and bring all that with you." Mrs. Smith said,

with a wave of her hand to the food and drinks."



It took me three trips. The girls were smimming, laughing, 

sunbathing and having fun. Sammi's party already was a hugh success. 

It made me proud to be a part.































 













 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Cheerleader's Story



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Sixteen



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi's Birthday party



I had mixed feelings about the day. I liked how well it

was going for Sammi. She deserved a good party. But I was 

kinda like a fifth wheel. She made a big deal about how 

helpful I was especially after I let her fall. She showed 

the girls where she was hurt and they gave me disapproving 

looks and with tight lips and stern expressions. They slowly 

shook their cute heads from side to side.



After the party had been going on for thirty minutes or so 

a new girl arrived. I had never seen her before. Sammi

introduced her as Traci Roberts. Traci was about 5'6". I

guessed her weight at 130. Turns out she was 145. The

girl was all muscle. Besides cheerleading she had won the

state weight lifting competition her sophomore year. She

was a junior. She was as snooty and stuck up as any of 

the other girls. I also quickly learned her dad was the 

new orthodontist in town with very good credentials. The 

reason he came here was because he and his wife had split 

and he was married to a 28 year old. She was also an 

orthodontist. Traci chose to live with her dad because, 

"Her mom just did not understand the proper difference 

between young ladies of real class and ordinary people".

When she said that she looked straight at me. Her forehead 

wrinkled, then her head tilted upward as it turned to face

Sammi.



"Does she?" She ask with an upper lip curl on one side of

a very snooty, stuck up mouth.



"She is staying with us. My mom and I are teaching her. 

Lindsey has learned a lot but has a long ways to go. I would 

like for this party to further her instruction. The poor thing 

needs it. She is sooo uncultured as you can tell. She is willing 

to work. I gotta give her that. We make a terriff pair because

I do not have the time for mundane chores. I require a lot of 

time to practice our cheer moves and stay in shape."



She gave did a 360, holding out her arms to show off her muscled abdomen, 

her firm ass, and pert titties.



Susan said. "She has been good for you Sammi, or something has. You 

look hotter than before summer break!"



I had noticed Susan's looks in Sammi's direction. I may have to

kick her ass.



I wondered what Ashley was doing here anyway. It was supposed to 

be restricted to the cheer squad. Ashley was not on the team and 

could not be because we had the limit. I remember when I was in 

junior high a flyer moved in. She was good, maybe better than Sammi. 

She was unable to join and Sammi and her friends were so snobish to 

her that she never tried out. She graduated this year and is cheering 

with a JUCO squad a few miles east of here. I thought then, and still 

do, Sammi did not want anyone on the squad to be as good as she.

I love Sammi, however I know that is the way Sammi thinks. Maybe that 

is one of the reasons I am so attracted to her.



Ashley, let me tell you, was a piece of work! If I had not hated her 

so much I would say she was the best base I ever seen. The girls were

talking cheerleading as they always did when they got together.

This was the Varsity Squad. No junior squad member was there except

me and I was moving to the Varsity. Sammi had already said as much.

Sammi was Captain and what she said was law.



"Lindsey would you make lemonade and bring out. Bring all new glasses 

too. She makes really good lemonade. You all will just love it. I tell

you, I am almost in love with Lindsey. Making lemonade is not her only 

talent either!" (g) 



I heard several snickers. I glanced at the girls. Most of them were

looking at me as if I were a canary and they were hungry cats. I knew

they were not thinking of eating me, quite the opposite in fact. I had

overheard this group talk. They liked to talk about all the guys they 

had been out with and how good a boy hooked up with them. One of the 

girls, a redhead named Cheri, laughted about a poor boy who worked 

after school and every day during the summer so he could pay her 

twenty-five dollars a week for her soiled panties. She bragged how 

clean they were when he returned them.

 

She also bragged that she made him buy her bras and panties from 

Victoria's Secret. I can still remember what she said and that was 

last fall. She said he bought her twelve ultra smooth seamless panties, 

One hundred twenty dollars. Three sexy little things, twenty-five 

dollars. Seven angels secret bras, two hundred fifty-two dollars. 

That was over four hundred dollars! He had to do that before he got 

a single sniff, she laughted. Cheri's parents could have bought out 

a hundred stores and never missed the money. She drove a brand new 

Corvette convertible and got a new one every year. She was rich. 

This boy, John, made six dollars an hour. Two weeks of his summer

wages just to buy Cheri bras and panties! She also laughted because

John never got to see the bras after he gave them to her until last 

Friday night. She giggled when she remarked that he got very upclose 

and personal with her panties though. "Of course, I was not in them." 

She smirked.



Lori told at the party that Joe Hensley gave her a note. She had it

in her purse. He gave her the note before Christmas! It was well worn 

from being passed around and read by others, or maybe she read it and 

finger fucked herself. She even gave it to me to read. It said.



Lori, you are so hot. I watched you cheer. When you were in the air with 

your gorgeous smile I knew I must do something really special for you.

Something no other guy would do. Please give me something to do for 

you to prove my devotion to a Goddess. Lori, it can be as difficult, 

as painful, or as degrading as you wish. Please allow me to prove my 

love for you. Please.

Your wannabe slave,

Joe 



Lori told us about the latest thing she made Joe do for her.



"I called him on my cellie last Thursday night. I told him I had taken a 

shit on picnic table number four at Steven's Landing. I told him he had 

to eat all of it with a spoon and lick the table. I told him I had pissed

in a Hardee's cup and left it for him also. I was even sweet and left 

him a spoon! I told him if he ate all of it, did not vomit it back up, 

drink all of the piss and licked the table clean I would flash the street 

from my bedroom window at exactly midnight Friday night. If he were the 

only one in sight."



"Oh my god! Did he do it?" Saundra asked.



"I flashed the street at midnight for forty-five seconds. I even did a turn 

so he could see my gorgeous pantied clad ass. I finished with my hand

on my crotch."



The girls, including me stared at her with open mouths and wide eyes.



"I am leaving him another pile Thursday night. Anyone want to contribute!"&nbsp; (g)



There were lots of laughs and four girls volunteered. Sammi, Saundra,

Camille, and the new girl, Ashley. I could not do such a thing. Boys

do nothing for me. In fact they are usually a pain in the ass. But I do 

not hate them. These girls don't hate them either. In fact Lori and 

Saundra have a, "Boy crazy," reputation.



Joe is a poor hard working guy. He is considered to be minus in looks, so

that gives these girls their, "open season", attitude towards him.



These girls think it is their moral duty as the "Elite Gorgeous Hotties,"

to humiliate whomever they can. That is the name Sammi, Lori, and Camille

gave themselves. They voted Ashley in the group too. Some of the necessary

attributes a member must possess is a family worth of five million or more.

Know, really know, each is superior and show it at all times. Make someone

grovel each and every day. Lori does this with Joe and her panties. I 

learned at the party that I am what qualifies Sammi. I do not know how

much the other girls know about me. I know The Elite Gorgeous Hotties 

know everything each does to maintain their status. They meet or chat on 

the phone daily about what they do to maintain their standing in the group. 

They strive to out do each other. They also help each other to humiliate 

their victim. I knew I could expect humiliation from the other three Hotties 

today. 



What hurt me the most, the girls were practicing cheers when I returned with 

the lemonade. Ashley was Sammi's base. I watched and redden all the time. 

I thought I was good. Compared to Ashley I was a zero like I am in

everything else. They looked at me and smiled.



"Watch this, Lindsey. Ashley is soooo good." Camile said. 



Sammi stepped in Ashley's hands while facing Ashley as she came up she 

turned and was facing the same direction as Ashley. She was entended 

all the way as high as Ashley could reach. Sammi was perched up there 

on one foot with the other foot straight out. Ashley was holding her 

up with one hand! Plus Ashley appeared to be relaxed doing it. I 

could have died. Maybe it would be better for everyone if I did, I 

thought.



For a finish, Ashley brought Sammi down until Sammi's feet were even 

with Ashleys face. Ashley took a shoeless Sammi foot in each hand. she

suddenly pushed up and out. Sammi spring from her hands, did a one and 

one half flip, diving into the pool feet first. As Sammi's gorgeous bod 

climed out of the water, all were cheering except Ashley and I. Ashley 

was staring a hole through me. her brown eyes were sparkling. She walked 

towards me.



"Sammi, darling, may I borrow Lindsey for a few minutes?"



"Yeah, oh sure, you are awesome, Ashley!'



"Lindsey, whatever Ashley wants Ashley gets or you answer to me!" (g)



"Lindsey is very talented." She said to the others with a light hearted 

giggle and they all were chatting as I followed Ashley to the pool house.



"Lindsey, Ashley and her mom told me and my step mom that you are trying 

very hard to learn proper requards of your superiors. They both said you 

will do whatever it takes. I am glad. I require special needs.&nbsp; (g) 

I bet Sammi and Mrs. Smith do too. Just from their conversation."



She waited at the pool house for me to open the door for her. She gave

a big wave and yelled, "I won't be long!"



We entered and I closed the door. I did not want anyone else to see. 

I had no idea what Ashley would do with me but I was sure it would 

not be something I wanted others to see. I was right.



"Wellll Lindsey, get on your knees. You do not want me to give a bad 

report about you to sammi, do you? That is better. If you are really 

good from now on I wont tell her how slow you were to assume the 

proper position."



I was not sure what she wanted but sure enough I reached up and pulled 

down her bathing suit. She was giggling as it cleared her knees. I was 

staring into a shaved pussy. Actually, Ashley looked very good. She 

had a lot of muscle but was not fat. Her tummy was a lot larger than 

Sammi's but she was larger everwhere than Sammi. Well, their tits were 

similar in size.



"Lindsey! Stop drueling. I have to piss and you are going to be my toilet."



I looked up at her. It was obvious. She had done this before. She looked

at me as if I was nothing and she was everything. I was sure that is the

way she perceived me too.



She lifted one side of her upper lip again. God she looked so haughty

when she did that. I could feel my heat rising.



She stepped forward placing a leg over each of my shoulders. 



"You had best be strong enough to hold me shit for brains. If you fall 

with me, well...., it is best for you if you do not. I want total 

concentration on me. I am all that matters in your little world right 

now. Just me and my wishes.... Whatever they are!"&nbsp; (g)



She started to pee. She looked down at me as she released her urine 

into my mouth. Her upper lip corved up more.



"You are such a slut! At least you know how to perform with a superior.



I could not answer. All I could do was swallow with the knowledge that 

Sammi knew what Ashley was doing to me and did not care.



Just so you know how you stand. I am going to be Sammi's base. If you

want to stay on the team, you will be our mascot. You will love my 

design for inside the mask!" (g)



"Lindsey, pay attention! Sammi said you were good. I do not think you 

are so hot. I have had a lot of guys drink piss better than you! I

have finished! Lick me, Lindsey!



I began licking her pussy. She put more weight on my face and began 

to grind. She made little circles as she moved on my face. Several times 

my nose was in her pussy. My lips and nose were cum covered. She 

continued to moan and move. I performed cunnilingus on her. I could 

feel myself become hotter and hotter. She screamed and dug her nails 

in my back. 



"Oh yes, Lindsey, god you are good. What a tongue. I think you went 

all the way into me with it. I am going to be a regular visitor here. 

Sammi and I have a lot of practice to do and I will look forward to 

every visit! How well do you handle menzes?"



She looked at me and asked that like she would have said, do you 

have a pencil I can borrow.



I stammered. "I I I have never been with anyone on their period."



"No matter, you will learn. It is a very necessary thing. All girls

have them you know. That is when we most need a mouth to pussy 

relationship!"



"I like the way you sucked and swallowed afterwards. Sammi said you

really good at hooking up with her and her mom. I think you like 

drinking piss too!"



She got off me turned and stook her ass in my face.



"Kiss my ass, slave."



I did not miss the, "slave", part. 



She waited patiently as I kissed her on her cheeks. 



"Do the ass hole too, stupid. Geeze, do I have to tell you everything.

Show some enthusiam. Cheerleaders bubble over with enthusiam. Show

what you are made of. Eat out my ass. Pretend it is your first taste 

of candy. Appreciate how clean and fresh it is. Believe me, after I 

have taken a big dump it is not nearly so fresh and clean."



"You will discover that though! Boy will you! (G) You will probably

like it better though. Considering your place. Lindsey, be thankful

The Smiths are taking their valuable time to teach you your proper 

place and how to live in that place with dignity."



"Sammi has some news for you! Be sure and ask her about it! (g)

Oh, that Sammi. Her sense of humor is so good. Somewhat perverted! 

But good! I would love telling you and watching your face but I 

promised I would not steal her thunder!"



"Did my ass taste good? Well, did it!"



"Yes, Ashley. I enjoyed your scent and taste. Thank you."



"Very good, slut. You are learning. Tonight and every night until I

see you again you are to spend a part of each day, twice a day minimum,

playing with yourself. Yes, finger fucking your self. Your fantasy must 

be about Me, Sammi, Mrs. Smith and the Gorgeous Elite Hotties. As you 

orgasm, think of our shit in your mouth. Think of your swallowing it. 

Think of the scent and the taste. Pretend Sammi has told you her, her 

mom and their friends are going to use you as their full and complete 

toilet forever. Tell yourself you like it. Tell yourself that is your 

proper place. Being a toilet for those superior to you. Hell, Lindsey, 

everyone is superior to you!"



Ashley got off my face and looked at me.



"Open your mouth. Wider!"



Looking up at Ashley, I opened my mouth wide. She giggled and spit in

my mouth. she had been chewing gum. I had it now. It was like rubber.



"It will be nice to have a place to put my spent gum when on trips, 

at school, or anytime. A slave is a nice thing to have around. Be sure

you always make Sammi proud of you. If I do not find you useful I will

kick your ass. I can do it too. Sammi has soft feelings for you. Well,

I do not."



"When you come to school with a string danging from your lips, I will 

know what is in your mouth!" (g)



"I gotta run. I want to practice some more with Sammi. You stay in here.

I am sure Lori and Camille will visit you. Lori would not go in the water.

Any idea why?" 



she looked at me quizically, then laughed in my face. She was still 

laughing as she went out the door, Leaving it wide open. I looked up. 

The girls were looking at me on my knees.



"Guess what Lindsey did for me? Any guesses?" (g)



Camille was already in the house, looking down at me with a shit eating 

grin on her face. She did not wait for me to pull off her bottoms. She 

had them half down already. I had a natural blond pussy in my face. 



Camille was very light complexioned. She was a true blonde. She was

probab;y 5'10" or 11", Tall, rather thin, but muscular. All cheerleaders 

are muscular. They have to be.



"Lindsey, I am about to pee my pants. I was going to use the toilet but 

Sammi insisted you would be hurt and think I did not like you or did 

not think you were good enough for me to use as my toilet. Lindsey, you

are good enough to be my toilet. I do not think I am to good to use you. 

I do not want you to feel that way either. I told Sammi I would pee in 

your mouth on all our trips. Wait until you see what Ashley did with 

the mascot mask. Lindsey, we will simply love it. It is sooo convenient!

You know how those long bus rides are, especially after drinking a 

big coke! Thanks for agreeing to be our mascot. Ashley is a much 

better base than you. You know that, of course. You saw her and Sammi. 

They are so good together."



Camille talked all the time. I have heard her talk non stop for a 

hundred miles! All the time she was talking she was pissing in my 

mouth and I was swallowing as fast as I could.



"You are awesome, Lindsey. Really you are. I appreciate what you are 

doing for the team. You have sooo much team spirit. That is what I 

call, "Taking it for the team."



"I have taken it for the team lots of times. The most in one night 

was four. Yeah, four members of the basketball team fucked me. I 

wish you had been there to clean me up afterwards. I made them all 

wear condoms. I know none of them have aids or something bad like 

that but I can not get pregnate. My parents think I am virgin!"



"One of the guys jokingly said if I had as many sticking out of me 

as I have had stook in me, I would look like a porupine!"



"Know what? He was right!" (g)



"Lindsey, honey, I know you are doing your best but that does not 

do anything for me. Now if you were a guy with a tongue like that 

and a big dick, welll. That would be a lot different! You can lick 

my ass though. Sammi said you like licking a girl's ass as much as 

you like to lick her pussy!"



Camille put her ass to my face.



"Yeah, that feels good."



She cut the cheese and never missed a word.



(g) "Inhale, Lindsey! Inhale!"



She moved away from me and put her swim bottoms on.



"That was good, Lindsey. I am voting to keep you on the team. Sammi

wants you and what Sammi wants, Sammi gets. You already know that

though. Well, now I want you on the team to. You will earn your keep.

My grandpa is always saying that!"



She was still talking as she walked out of the door. 



I heard her scream.



"Awesome, freakin awesome!" I vote we keep her on the team. I will

adore having her on trips and at those away games with dirty locker 

room facilities. No more sitting on a dirty toilet. My ass thanks 

her too!"



So much for the girls not knowing what went on between Sammi and me.



"Hi Lindsey." Lori said in her slow southern drawl.



"I drink a lot of your delicious lemonade. It was so good. My pee

should taste pretty good after I drink so much of it. My boyfriend 

likes me to drink lemonade before our dates."



"Lindsey, there is one thing. Close your eyes. Wear this."

she said as she removed her top. She fastened her braw over my eyes.



"Believe me, this is best, especially if this is your first period."



"Wait, let me remove that. Here, lick my fingers. You are making me 

hot, Lindsey Jones."



"Oh god eat me, eat me, eat me. Suck all that out of me and swallow. 

Yes, that is what you are for. A menze slave to girls sooo superior 

to you. You know your place and are doing a great job of accepting

it. Oh yes, my crotch is your place. I am coming to see you every 

month. My boyfriends won't go near my pussy when it is all bloody. 

I can see you don't mind though. Suck and swallow, Lindsey! Oh 

yes, slave, that's it!"



Lori was cuming and shouting words of encouragement to me. When she

finished she took off her top. 



"Darn, there is a little spot on it. You did a good job though. It is

an old one. I am going to give it to you. Wear it and think of me."



"Lindsey, have you looked around in here?"



"No, I answered, I have been pretty busy."



"That's for sure!"&nbsp; (g)



"Everyone knows how busy too! Look over there, and over there, and 

over there. (g) Yep. Three cameras. Everything is on tape and the 

girls were watching the action live on security monitors!"



"You never heard their cat calls, did you? No of course not. They 

all know. Right now they can see your bloody face and they know I 

did not beat you either! Yeah, The Elite Gorgeous Hotties saw it 

all. We can cut individual prints of anything on the tape. We&nbsp; 

captured the wanton look on your face as you pussy dived. We 

captured your eating us out with total abandonment. Don't worry 

little slave. You do right by us and it is our secret. Well the 

best girls can keep a secret anyway!" (g)



"Know the part I like best? I liked your hand moving to your 

pussy as you tongued out Ashley's ass. Be glad we don't want 

to embarrass you in front of the whole school. Shucks, we 

could tape pics on the bathroom walls at school!"



The elite four had gathered around. Sammi spoke.



"I can see what a slut you are. I thought you liked only me. 

Then I thought you liked only my mom and I. Hell, Lindsey

you are a total slut and like abuse from all girls. Noooo, it 

is not abuse to you. You live to serve and damnit you are going 

to do that."



I could not look up at my beautiful Sammi.



"Shit, slave. Your face is smeared with a bloody slime. you

look like shit. you are shit. Look up at me you, you, you.

Hell, I don't know any fitting words for what you are. Look

at me you ass!"



I looked up at Sammi. She was beautiful. I was so sorry I

looked like a mess. My only consolation was I always looked 

like a mess compared to Sammi.



"I must say good by to the girls. Clean yourself up. You even

have a clot in your left ear! Whatever I do to you is better

than you deserve. There are no words low enough to describe

you. Wait until I need to shit again!"



The girls walked away. Some were giggling. at least one was

consoling Sammi like she was the injured party. I heard Camille

say.



"So she is a slut, Sammi. You had to suspect it to arrange this 

little truth gathering. Use the bitch for whatever. The Elite 

will stand by you and help all we can. I would like to take a 

big dump in her mouth."



"She is trailer trash, Sammi. Just trailer trash." Lori said.



"I will use her next time. Susan said. I could not do it. I

thought she was better than that. I was wrong. Ashley said 

those borned of trash are always trash. She was right and she

knows how to treat Lindsey and people like her. Listen to Ashley.

Make the bitch pay!" 



I was so embarrassed. I hung my head and cried. I was unaware

the cameras were still rolling.









 

 





































 













 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A Cheerleader's Story



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter Seventeen



I took a shower in the poorhouse bathroom and was sitting 

on a chair when Mrs. Smith entered the door.



"Wellll, Lindsey. You put on quite a show. I watched

it all from my bedroom. It made me hot too. I may sell

the video to my Bridge and luncheon clubs. What do you 

think of that idea, or are you so full of party treats 

you are unable to think?"&nbsp; 



She was laughing her low sexy laugh as she entered the 

pool house bathroom.



"Lindsey, get your ass in here!&nbsp; This is not up to my

standards. It is not clean enough for me or anyone else 

of cultured standards. I would not set my ass on that!"



She said as she pointed to the commode.



"Oh well, I guess it is a good thing you are in here.

You may as well be useful. Sit on the floor there. I

hope you have room for some more party treats!"&nbsp; (g)



"Lindsey, don't stare. It is impolite to stare and besides 

you have seen me naked before and you certainly seen a 

lot of cunts and asses today! Something tells me you will 

be seeing more female anatomy. I think you should know I 

told Sammi all about your kind. I told her you wanted a 

lot more from her than what she was giving you. I told 

her you wanted to be used and abused. You were meant to 

serve elite persons such as us. I told her she should 

never get up to use the toilet when it was inconvenient 

for her. That is why we have you. I told her to use you 

for everything that when you were used up, we would get 

another girl. The poor will always be plentiful. But 

don't you worry or concern yourself about trivial matters 

like that. You just apply yourself to the fullest of your 

abilities and serve me, Sammi, and her friends."



"Tilt your head more and open your mouth wider. Yeah,

like that. That mouth makes me hot. Right now though I 

will force myself to think of it as a toilet!" (G)



"Forget all other refreshing pauses, this pause is the 

best!" She giggled as she filled my mouth time and time 

again with her pee.



"You never have to worry ever again about having an empty

stomach. When you and Sammi play turd transport games, have 

you ever though about swallowing. I know you have! Why don't 

you. Sammi will love you for it. Lindsey, people like Sammi 

and I, and yeah, the Elite Hotties, need someone to serve 

them in very demanding roles. It is important to our egos to

know a lesser being is always nearby waiting, eager to 

appease our need to use someone. You are that someone. And in

your on way, special. Just now when I urinated in your mouth,

I felt so alive and powerful. Now, I know I am, but you are

here to demonstrate that over and over. Push your tongue in

more, yeah, like that. Just the urination is not going to be 

enough for Sammi or me much longer. You are going to have to 

raise the bar. I am telling you this now so you can start 

thinking about it. What Ashley told you will help, but Lindsey, 

I want results quickly."



"Lindsey, you slut, where are you?" Sammi had entered the pool 

house?"



"Remember what I told you, Lindsey. Do not disappoint my daughter. 

You do everything to please her, I do mean, everything."



Mrs. Smith accented the word everything as she walked out of the 

bathroom.



"The slut is in there, sweetheart. Go give her what she craves so 

badly. She wants to be used by you. Do not disappoint her. Use the 

little bitch. I already told her the toilet was not clean enough 

for me to sit on. I know it is not clean enough for you either. 

I used her mouth. You do as you want."



"Lindsey, so you are into toilet use now. Well that does not 

surprise me. Stay right there on the floor. I have need of you.



(G) I love the way you titled your head at the mere mention of 

toilet use. OMG, you are such a slut! Mom has been telling me! 

She was right too. Oh well, you have practically begged me to use 

you. Does my pee taste delish? You have drunk a gallon of piss in 

the last few hours, I bet."



"I like the way you know just what to do. Your tongue feels good 

on my pussy. No more toilet paper for me! The tongue of Lindsey 

Jones forever!"



"Lindsey, it is time you think of becoming more intimate with me

I need more than what you have been giving. I have the need to 

know you are really mine. You say you want to belong to me but

I require more proof. So, I am moving you forward. Put your nose 

in my ass. Put your fingers in your cunt and pretend I am shitting 

in your mouth. Think about how much you want to and need to please 

me. Finger yourself and lick my ass. Run your tongue around in circles 

inside my ass hole. Suck on my ass and swallow. You have had my shit

in your mouth before. You know it does not stink. Shit, I bet you

like the taste. Does my ass smell good Lindsey?"



"Yes, it does." I lied.



"Do you like licking my ass, Lindsey?" Sammi whispered low. Her voice

was so sexy.



"Yes, Sammi." I answered, this was not a lie.



"Keep fingering you and licking my ass. Tell me how good my ass 

taste. Tell me how much you enjoy serving me in this way. Tell me

how you have dreamed of eating my shit. Tell me you want to be my

full and complete toilet as long as you live. Tell me you want to

always be mine. Tell me you exist only for my pleasure. Beg me to take

a dump in your mouth. Promise me you will eat it. Tell me you want

to chew and swallow my turd. Remind me you were created to serve me."



I whispered all that to Sammi in between licks of her ass. Sammi cooed

softly to me and I strived to say the things she wanted to hear. I

never stopped to think about me. I though only of pleasing Sammi. 

Pleasing Sammi no matter the cost. 



"Let me know when you are about to explode with ecstasy and I will

help you, slave."



"Oh, now, now now," I screamed.



Sammi farted. It stunk like shit.



"Slowly inhale and hold, Lindsey. Think of eating my shit. Swallow.

Pretend you have crushed a big turd and are swallowing it. Feel it 

go down your throat into your stomach. Tell me how erotic this is 

to you. Tell me how much you want it all to be real."



"Oh yes, yes, yes, Sammi. I want to be your toilet. I want to do

everything for you. Use me, Sammi! Use me. Make me eat your shit.

I love you Sammi. Please let me serve you!"



I said all of the above and more while climaxing to the awful scent 

of Sammi's fart.



Sammi remained seated on my face after I had reached climax. My

thought process was coming from my brain now, not my cunt. I could

still smell Sammi's fart. What have I done? How could I beg to be

used as a toilet and eat anything so terrible. The scent was awful,

plain awful. I have had her turds in my mouth many times. Many times

I spit one out in the commode just before I would have vomited. No

way can I swallow her shit. No one could do such a horrible thing.

I was sure of one thing though. Sammi was going to shit in my mouth 

and insist I swallow all of it. Her mom was all for my being used in 

such a degrading manner too. In fact I think her mom has urged Sammi

to make a toilet of me. Yeah, Mrs. Smith and that awful Ashley. I

knew I could not think of Mrs. Smith or Ashley that way. It would get

me in trouble with my beloved Sammi. I have to have positive thoughts 

of all of them. I could see the future. If I ate Sammi's shit, Mrs. 

Smith then Ashley and the Hotties would also use me. They had already 

hinted at such. Come to think of it, none of this happened until 

Ashley moved on the scene,



I came back to present as Sammi moved her ass on my face. She giggled

then farted again.



"Lindsey, I know how you think my farts don't stink but I think they do.

Be a dear and inhale all of that and hold it. Put your hand just above

your cunt. Push and make circles with it. Dream of eating my shit."



God what was wrong with me. The scent of Sammi's shit was making me hot.

I moistened two fingers with my cum and inserted them. Ohhhh, that felt 

so good. Sammi pressed my nose into her ass hole. With each breath I 

could smell her shit. I was smelling her shit when I orgasmed. I ran

my tongue in the ass as deeply as it would go. I tasted her shit 

when I reached climax. Sammi was so beautiful. I would do anything for 

her. Never have I seen anyone nearly as perfect as Sammi. I loved her

deeply. I licked some more and kissed her ass. I kissed it long and 

with much love. Sammi farted again and giggled her sexy giggle. I

inhaled all of it and kissed her again.



Sammi's cellie rang and she answered it.



"Hey mom, what's up?" Sammi asked.



"Oh sure, I will send her up. I am through with her for a while anyway."



"Lindsey, mom wants you. I don't think she is pleased. I don't know

what it is about but I advise you, do not make her mad! I think you 

had best move very quickly. Mom is not know for her patience, 

especially with the help."



Sammi was dialing her cell phone as I walked out the door.



"Lindsey, this will never do. You must learn how to clean my 

bathroom. To help you remember take your toothbrush and clean my 

shower. I want it spotless too. I took the liberty of lying out 

some cleaning clothes for you, they are over there."



She pointed with a long perfectly manicured finger. She was dress

in short shorts and a mini halter. The Shorts were white and the 

halter was blue silk. She was awesome and she knew it.



I walked to my clothes. They consisted of a cotton apron which 

covered me in front from my neck to my knees. It wrapped around 

so my ass was covered unless I move quickly. When I did all of 

my ass was exposed.



"Remove everything and put on your cleaning apron. From now on 

when you clean, wear nothing but your apron. That way when I see 

you dressed in the apron I will know you are cleaning my house.

I am going to be carrying this a lot."



She revealed a short multi stranded whip. 



"If I do not think you are doing your best I will hit you a few 

times with this to get your mind on your work. If you are going 

to stay here with us and live practically like a princess you 

will have to pull your weight. I am certain your mom would want 

you to help out around here. She is doing a very good job at the

Roberts. Sandra commented just a few minutes ago about how it was

working out and she wanted to know if you were what we wanted. I

told her you were learning a lot. I said I thought you would be

very good in a few years. (G) I even said you have a lot of talent!

That required no explanation! She said your mom was talented too!

I guess it runs in the Jones family! Like mother like daughter!

Oh Lindsey, you are a hoot! Get over here and lick me a few times!"



I was standing there in my new apron staring at Mrs. Smith. What

was she saying about my mom? I was so engrossed in my thoughts that 

I did not move when she ask me to lick her.



"Lindsey, child, what is wrong with you? Where is your brain today?

Get your ass over here before I strap it really good!"



I went to her and began licking her cunt. She pulled my head tightly

to her crotch and began humping my face. When was smearing her cum 

all over my face with her round and round gyrations.



"Ohhhhh, Lindsey, Lindsey! Your tongue is soooo gooood." She screamed

as she climaxed. 



She sits quietly on my face as I licked and sucked her clean.



"Mrs. Smith, what were you telling me about my mom? I have not spoken

with her in a couple days. Is she all right?"



"Sure she is, Lindsey. Since the Roberts bailed her out, that is."



"What do you mean bailed her out?"



"You did not know, did you? I guess not. See she owed money on her

trailer house and could not make the payments. Dr. Roberts bought

the mortgage and was allowing her to work it off. They quickly 

decided he would rent out the trailer and your mom would move in 

with them. The whole family adored her services. Traci said your

mom's tongue was the most talented but yours was longer. Sammi 

and I am visiting the Roberts tomorrow. We will have a comparison 

then. If your mom is more talented than you, she is good at eating 

pussy. Traci hinted that she had already taken a dump in your mom's 

mouth. We really must move your training forward Lindsey. You can

be so good for Sammi and me. We like youre doing special things for 

us and we also like doing things to you. You were meant to serve.

I am glad you chose us. We will strive to make your life as 

fulfilling as we can. If we neglect to do enough to you, tell us 

you want to serve us in additional ways. Do not be bashful about 

your desires to please Sammi or me. You will not embarrass us. We

understand your need to serve and be used by ladies of our position."



"Wellll, you have left your mouth there so long that I have to go pee.

You do like our pee, don't you?"&nbsp; (g)



I heard my voice say, "Yes Your Highness." I heard her giggle again

as her pee flowed into my mouth. It was hot and had that terrible

piss taste. I looked up at Mrs. Smith. Her upper lip curled up at the

corner of the right side of her mouth. She looked down at me as if

I were sub human although I know she did not think that, not really 

anyway.



"Lick me Lindsey. You have work to do. You can not enjoy me all day.

I know you love the taste of my pee. But if you miss a drop or two 

they will fall in my pants. You will get them when you mouth wash 

my undies!"



With that she pushed my head away from her crotch.



"Go, get to work with your toothbrush on my tub and shower. Oh, yeah,

clean my sink with your brush to."



I got my toothbrush and went to work on her tub and shower although 

they looked clean to me. I had been cleaning about ten minutes when 

she entered. 



"Don't let me interrupt your cleaning. Don't mind me at all!&nbsp; (g)



She sat on the commode and began to take a dump. My face was near 

the commode while I cleaned the outside of her tub. She pitched

a large bath towel over my head and the commode and continued to 

shit.



'It is alright if you finger yourself, Lindsey. In fact, I insist

you do. Think of how you would like to put your head in my commode 

when I finish and eat all of it. Imagine how it would feel as you 

swallowed it. I know you would love the taste as much as you like 

the scent of our shit. Think of serving as mine and Sammi's full 

and complete toilet. Have our shit on your mind when you climax. 

Don't climax until you tell me though. I have something very special 

for you. Keep fingering yourself. It is alright. I give you 

permission, Go for it Lindsey. Fight off the climax. Are you ready

for your surprise"?



"Oh yes, Your Highness, yes!"



"Easy, Lindsey, don't rush it. Some things are better if they come 

slowly."



"Here is your surprise. Look at me."



With that she was off the commode and had her ass in my face.



Lick my ass, swallow the shit as you climax. Go for it Lindsey.

Hold back nothing. Worship my ass as it was meant to be worshipped.



I climaxed with one of her turds that had not fallen on its way to

my stomach. I came harder than I ever did in my life. I felt so 

erotically intense. I was so alive. I can not explain it. I licked 

her ass out with gusto. I orgasmed again while tonguing out her 

rosebud.

I came down from my high and withdrew my tongue from her ass. I

felt ashamed. What had I just done? I had the taste of her shit in

my mouth. It seemed I could taste it all the way down my throat 

into my stomach. How big was the turd I swallowed? Small I hoped. 

I thought I could feel it in my stomach. It appeared to be getting 

larger. I felt it as it came up my throat. I got my head over her 

commode just in time to vomit. I reached for the flush button.



"No! You are not permitted to flush! I am embarrassed!" 



She threw the towel over my head. It draped to the floor.



"You make it seem you do not like my shit. That was something my

gorgeous bod prepared for you Lindsey. It was a gift. People who 

are striving to learn culture do not start by treating a gift in 

such a manner. Tell me how good my shit taste. Tell me how good 

it smells. Tell me you want to eat all of it next time."



She kicked my ass with the toe of her shoe.



"Talk slut or I will never allow you access to my vagina again."



"I am sorry Your Highness. I did not want to vomit. I feel

honored to lick your magnificent ass. Please let me do it again 

the next time you need it. I will try not to vomit. I just need 

training. I want to serve you and Sammi. Help me to reach higher 

limits."



"O.K. If you are really sincere. If not, you can go to the Roberts 

with your mom. I doubt if Traci will be so understanding though.

She said the first time; her mom had to use a whip on your mom to 

prepare her for toilet use."



"I must punish you though. Take your head out of the toilet. Dip

your toothbrush in a big turd. Make all stay on your toothbrush

you can. UUUUUUU, yeah, like that."



Her nose was flared, her lips were pursed. She looked like she

was viewing a dead skunk. The skunk may have smelled better. 



"Brush your teeth, Lindsey. Place your head over the commode and 

brush your teeth. Brush them good. Swallow. (g) Do not spit."



"If you vomit this time, all the time you are over the stool I 

will beat your ass with my whip. You must learn to perform.

Sammi and I are going out of the country for a couple weeks. 

Public bathrooms in foreign countries are filthy. We are taking 

you along. If you expect to hang with us, you must be able,

willing, and available!" (g)



"Sammi wants to take Traci with us. She and Traci are becoming 

very close. Traci is in Sammi's class, well almost. I do approve

of her. Don't look so sad, Lindsey. I approve of you too. just

in a different way. Everyone has their place. You have searched 

for yours and have been lucky enough to find it, with Sammi's 

help, of course."



"Clean my bathroom good now. Save the commode for last. I want 

you to enjoy the scent for a few hours. Play with yourself all

you wish, as long as you fantasize about being our toilet!" (g)

 

 

























 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim Hale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





