BDSM Library - Tim and Jill




Tim and Jill
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How did a con artist, ladies man, and angle player like Tim wind up wih a wife who had no self-esteem, only averge looks, and enough childhood baggage to give any porter a double hernia? It's all here as the ever resourceful Tim takes on the Herculean challenge of turning Jill Norton into a swinging sex symbol, the envy  of every greek on campus as well as the townies including, but limited to the local VFW and WAM chapters, the high school football team and the Golden Oldies Retirement Village. Please don't take this over the top exercise for anything but what it is, a wild and wacky fantasy.
				Tim and Jill - The Beginning


				       Preface


	It would be fair to say that the first time Tim laid eyes on Jill, he
definitely did not fall in love with her. Now that we've got that out of the
way, what did cause Tim to settle down with this mousy product of a
dysfunctional family? How did Jill go about capturing the heart, not to mention
the mind and cock of this master of the short cut? Why would a man who managed
to graduate college without ever taking a final exam want to spend the rest of
his waking hours coping with one of the most naive human beings ever to draw
breath? Why would a man who could charm the panties off all but the most
dedicated adherents to the lesbian persuasion want to occupy the same bed with a
woman who at best was average in looks and had more hangups about sex than a
roomful of spinsters? To get the answers to these questions you'll have to wade
through the following chapters that cover that period when Tim was foot-loose
and fancy free and Jill was just loose, compliments of Tim's guidance and
advice. No, in case any of you are speculating that this will be another version
of Candide; nothing could be further from the truth.



					Chapter 1


	Tim Taylor had been invited to a sorority pledge event to check out the
new talent, or was it meat? He could never keep those two concepts straight.
Although not considered a scholar, he was still well-known for his talent for
cutting corners and doing things the easy way. It didn't hurt that he also was
quite well endowed in the only areas that counted in the dog eat dog world of
pussy pursuit, namely the impressive size of his cock and a line of bull that
left most females dazed and confused enough to become that kind of a girl even
as they were denying it. Tim was indeed a charmer.

	As was his wont, Tim consumed tremendous quantities of free beer and
scoped out the better looking members of the herd, marking those he intended to
cultivate in future times. After spending some time circulating, he decided to
visit the little boys' room downstairs in the basement. It was there that he
first set eyes on Jill Norton. The girl was naked and tightly tied to a large
block of wood with her head dangling over the edge. Just below her was a trough
that was acting as the men's urinal. He noticed that there were two enormous
vibrators churning away inside her lower orifices, and that her mouth was held
open with a fixture that must have been liberated from the dental school.

	However what really caught his eye was her hairy armpits and the wildest
bush he had ever seen. This babe had probably never used a razor in her entire
life. He sort of wondered what it might be like to go down on that jungle of
unruly hair, but quickly dismissed that thought as being too ugly to
contemplate.

	Three guests stood around the mousy brunette, directing their streams of
recycled beer into her open mouth. The pledge was trying her best to gargle with
the stuff, but so much was flowing into her, that she was lucky just to be able
to swallow most of it. Tim elbowed his way into the circle and jettisoned his
used beer on her bulging stomach, spraying it from bottom to top, before moving
down to give her eyes a good rinsing. He saw that they were taped open, a good
idea as far as he was concerned. It would be no fun to piss into her eyelids. He
also managed to shoot some of his yellow stream up her nostrils, bringing some
applause from the onlookers waiting their turn to drown the pledge in recycled
beer. When he was done, Tim zipped up and went about his business, leaving the
girl to the tender mercies of the line of guys waiting to use her as a urinal.

	The next day Tim got a call from one of the pledge mistresses who asked
him to meet with her to discuss a problem they were having with a pledge. Always
one to play the angles, Tim decided to go over and check the situation out. He
just knew that if he played his cards right there was some pussy to be had. He
was hoping the topic of the discussion might be one of the frosh that he had
identified as potential prey. Such was not the case, instead it turned out to be
Jill Norton, the daughter of retired general Nails Norton, one of the most
famous graduates of the college. When he inquired if she had attended the pledge
beer bust, he found out that he had already had a close encounter with her. Jill
was the one trying to avoid being drowned in used beer down in the basement. You
talk about your small world.

	Tim did his best to conceal his disappointment, after all that little
piss pot was definitely not his cup of anything. However he continued to
politely listen, feigning interest, when actually he was looking around for some
fresh meat. He nodded and mumbled something under his breath as he learned that
Jill's mother was also a member of the sorority, having held the posts of
sergeant at arms and pledge mistress during her days as an active member of Phi
Upsilon Kappa.

	A legend in her own right, the former Gwen Goodbody made no bones about
the fact that she went both ways and during her four years at the college had
bedded down with all the attractive lesbian sorority girls and nearly half the
male faculty, including their wives in many cases. It was even rumored that Gwen
had been the secret sex-slave lover of the Dean of Women. That got his
attention. Considering her blood lines, where had Jill gone wrong? His devious
mind began working as he focused on what the pledge mistress was saying.

	"Jill's not smart enough to be a nerd girl, and she's certainly lacks
the beauty and body that we look for in our sorority playgirls. We've got our
quota of top pledges that we really want, and some of them go both ways as well,
something else that Jill doesn't do either.  What we need is someone to take her
off our hands, so to speak."

	Tim let loose a series of little grunts as he addressed the problem and
tried to figure an angle that would solve the pledge mistress' dilemma. He had
been quite taken by her zaftig build in the past and knew that handling this
matter would also get him into position to handle her bountiful curves to his
heart's content. Tim was a simple man when it came to pussy; all he wanted was
to get as much of it as was humanly possible while he matriculated at the
college. He liked to use that word "matriculate", it made him feel smart, like
those nerdy college types that looked down on him unless they needed a favor,
such as him providing an easy lay for them from his famous Directory of
Depravity. Naturally this type of favor always required some kind of quid pro
quo, which was how Tim managed to avoid ever taking any kind of examination.

	Tim knew that his client would probably expect him to step up to the
plate on this one provided she delivered the goodies. However taking on Jill
Norton was the last option he would consider. The one before that option was to
leave college and become a monk. At that point he threw out a line to gauge the
seriousness of the situation. So he grunted and scratched his head before
asking, "Why not just kick her ass out onto the street and hope some sex-crazed
nerd will take her away?"

	The pledge mistress, her name was Sindy and at times she certainly lived
up to the first three letters of her name, heaved a sigh, causing Tim's lips to
quiver at the prospect of suctioning those big soft mounds until his face was
covered with cream. "No can do, her dad, the general is too well connected and
Gwen would have our heads. We need some way to make her leave voluntarily."
Tim's brow furrowed; based on what he had witnessed down in the basement of this
sorority, Jill wasn't about to go away easily. Then the light went on.

	He slapped his knee and grinned that crooked grin that had brought more
than one coed down to her knees. "I've got it! Turn her into the sorority fuck
pig. Volunteer her for every keg party on campus. Put her phone number on the
wall of every men's room in town, and make sure she answers every call. Tell her
its part of her initiation because she is being considered for a special, but
secret, sorority honor that even her mother never received. Tell her if she
fails, she can never become a full fledged member of Phi Upsilon Kappa." Tim had
often heard this sorority referred to as the fuck sorority, but never made the
connection to the Greek alphabet.

	Sindy's face broke into a huge smile. "Tim, you have saved my ass, and
as a reward you can have as much of it as you can handle on any night of your
choice this week."

	Tim grinned and grunted happily before upping the ante. "I'll be
expecting you and that hot little freshman friend of yours, what's her name
again?"

	Sindy blushed and shifted that curvy body to give Tim a glimpse of her
bikini panties as she answered, "Her name is Candy, Candy Sugartwat"

	Although somewhat distracted by the view of Sindy's plump pudenda
stretching the fabric of those brief bikinis he quickly replied, "I'll be
expecting you and Sugar, or is it Candy, over to my place no later than seven
sharp this evening. Rumor has it that your little buddy goes both ways. I want
to see you and her give me a good show before I nail both of you to the
mattress. Now don't tell me she doesn't do that kind of thing, I have photos
that seem to indicate that she does. In fact I'm going to pin them up to the
headboard to make her feel right at home." Sindy bowed her head and heaved
another sigh. The ever resourceful campus con man had struck again.

	Tim's off-campus digs were the stuff of legends. Three years ago he got
lucky and sublet the below street level efficiency apartment from a guy going
off on a trip to Europe for three months. The trip turned into a five year stay
in a Turkish prison as the result of some bad decisions the guy made. Tim's
little nook, also known to the movers and shakers on campus as "The Basement",
was the place to go at least once if a young girl aspired to be anybody of
importance on campus. Over the years it had become the place to sacrifice one's
virginity, a sort of rite of passage for the more daring and adventurous types,
especially those well endowed in body, but slightly lacking in brain cells,
Tim's lawful prey.

	The apartment, such as it was, consisted of one large room and a small
adjoining bathroom which usually reeked of stale piss and vomit. On occasion Tim
would con some gullible freshman girl to come in and clean up the mess in
exchange for a chance to become famous as one of his conquests. Tim had actually
made a stamp that he used to validate his sexual liaisons. Among his growing
collection of bedmates it was considered chic to have his fingerprint and a low
number imprinted on one's left ass cheek. Woe to those who attempted to
counterfeit this stamp, they were always ostracized from the in-crowd activities
once their dirty little forgery was exposed to black light. Tim had thought of
everything it seemed, even deliberately setting aside a bank of low numbers that
would be used for those future ladies who performed up to his high standards.

	The dominant piece of furniture in his room was the bed, a king-sized
affair covered in the finest sheets, blankets and coverings, compliments of his
many satisfied partners. This too had become a campus ritual and a most
profitable one at that. Tim received so many tokens of appreciation that he
never had to wash anything. In fact he had a thriving business selling these
rumpled signs of his sexual prowess as mementos to those who had assisted him in
these delightful endeavors. Above the headboard was the scoreboard, a chronicle
of his conquests, rated from one to five stars.

	Across from the bed was a large screen television set, a gift from one
of his admirers, a female professor who wanted to remain anonymous although she
had mussed the sheets with him quite often during his first year on campus.
Sitting next to the set was his video tape recorder, one of the newer models
given to him by the wife of the store owner for services rendered. Tim felt it
was a fair trade since she was on the wrong side of thirty. Privately he did
admit that she had a very well preserved body and had taught him one new trick
that aided him quite often in his bedroom battles.

	It was the collection of video tapes that was Tim's pride and joy. He
had dozens upon dozens of tapes of many of the hottest pieces of ass that had
occupied his bed. Most either were happily masturbating in anticipation of a
horsey ride on his giant cock, or giving him head in appreciation for a job well
done. There were also a small number of tapes capturing one of his partners
intimately entwined with a second participant, doing some sort of nasty and
novel thing with their tongues, fingers, mouths, and on rare occasions a
fist.These were the threesome tapes that he treasured above all. Tonight he
looked forward to the opportunity to add to this special category.

	To complete the decor there was a large refrigerator, always well
stocked with beer, next to a small table holding a hot plate and coffee maker.
The appliance had a story attached to it as well, but Tim could no longer
remember who sent it to him for services above and beyond the call of duty. The
two small windows that used to allow a few rays of light to enter this dark room
had been boarded up to prevent those consumed by curiosity from peeking in on
Tim as he went about his business of pleasuring the girls lucky enough to be
allowed entrance to his kingdom. His clothing was strewn around the room in
random fashion, along with numerous pieces of underwear left as mementos by
those delighted with his servicing.

	Promptly at seven o'clock the buzzer sounded. A few minutes later Tim
was sitting on the bed shooting some pictures as Sindy and Candy posed while
removing their clothing. Tim was delighted that they wore identical underwear, a
sign that they were a couple, at least until pledge season ended. Sindy's 38DDs
were spilling out of the sheer taupe colored fabric of her bra, the material
being stressed to its limit by her heavy melons. Candy in contrast was almost
boyish compared to her full figured companion.

	The frosh's pert tits bounced free of the bra, and she posed with hands
on hips, a big smile on her face. Tim waited until Sindy's awesome boobs escaped
from the confines of her bra. Then he posed the two with Candy reaching from
behind Sindy to heft her stupendous jugs in the palms of her hands. Next he had
Candy kneel on the bed and put her face to Sindy's crotch as it came into view.
It was smooth as a baby's behind, but the fat cunt lips and the prominent
clitoris that capped the top of her snatch gave proof that this was a cunt that
was made for eating and fucking. Between Candy's tongue and mouth and his hard
cock, that hot box would get all it could handle before this evening was done.

	Little Candy's pussy proved to be a revelation; she had let her pubic
hair grow. Miss Sugartwat was a natural blonde and proud to show off that fact.
Tim grunted his approval and got a nice shot of Sindy's tongue probing the
little blonde's coochie. He decided it was time to sample the merchandise and
instructed his two "dates" on how he wanted them arranged to get things off to a
fast start. Candy was assigned to hoover his cock into maximum  readiness while
Sindy was providing him a sample of her plump pussy. Tim had hardly gotten
started when Sindy let out a whoop and a holler, then shouted, "Where did you
learn to eat pussy like that?" Tim was too busy worming his tongue deeper into
her juicy hole to give her an answer. In all candor he never intended to reveal
to any living soul what he went through one summer at his maiden aunt's home on
the lake. It was there over a period of two weeks that she taught him the
rudiments of sex, her way, the hands-on approach. To this day he always wondered
how he ever survived that boot camp from hell.

	Things went very well for the threesome. Tim made a number of deposits
into both girls, including a monster load that flooded Sindy's bowels and made
little Candy gasp with amazement. She was still an anal virgin at that time. An
hour later Tim had her anal cherry posted on the scoreboard. Sindy was
everything that he wanted from a babe, she really knew how to move that big body
and doing her was like riding in a luxury car, smooth and comfortable. What
little Candy lacked in skill she made up for with enthusiasm and a flexible,
athletic, youthful, hard-body that her companion could not hope to match. To
Tim's way of judging these two made up a four star pair and it was duly noted on
the scoreboard right after he stamped their butts with his famous seal of
approval.

	There still was time for Tim to shoot some footage of the two girls
going at each other. He took out his trusty video camera, another gift from one
of his older fans, and proceeded to record this meeting for posterity. Sindy and
Candy put on a great show; it was obvious that this was not their first time
together. He caught Sindy's fast tongue lapping away at Candy's little starfish
as the young blonde held her cheeks wide to give her lover every opportunity to
tickle every square inch of that sensitive region. He got some great footage of
Sindy straining Candy's pubic hair in order to poke her tongue into that hot,
juicy hole that had steadily oozed cooze cream for the entire night the three of
them went at it. He even managed to record little Candy sucking part of his
monster load from Sindy's asshole and then the two of them taking turns
transferring it back and forth from each other's mouth. For the grand finale
Sindy noisily sucked up every drop of the by-now watery deposit from the
teenager's hard nippled tits.


				(To be continued)




			Tim and Jill - The Beginning


                                 Chapter 2



	As Tim was seeing Sindy and her lovely companion from his den of
iniquity he could have sworn he heard her say "What time should we drop off Jill
at your place tomorrow?" He grunted and gave her his little boy smile as he
replied, "I don't want to see hide nor hair of that loser until I've gotten her
properly lined up for at least a couple of all-nighters. So you just hold onto
her until I give you a ring."

	"Tim Tyler, you promised to take Jill off our hands and as I interprete
your offer, it was to start once I paid tribute to you for your assistance. I do
believe that Candy and I have fulfilled the sorority's part of the bargain, now
it's your turn. When do you want us to drop Jill off?" Tim decided to try to
delay the inevitable until he could come up with some kind of an arrangement for
Jill starting tomorrow night. This was the kind of challenge that he loved to
accept. So Sindy had taken advantage of his generosity, so be it, he knew he
could work something out by end of day tomorrow. "I'll get back to you before
end of day tomorrow. I have a few phone calls to make first; trust me I won't
let you down." The look on Sindy's face did not give Tim a warm and fuzzy
feeling, but he ignored her scowl and ushered them out of his place, pinching
Candy's ass just because it was there and so round and firm.

	Tim decided to sleep on the problem, especially since he was a bit
pooped from all the activities that had taken place on his bed of no regret,
where hundreds of young ladies had given it up just for the opportunity to
enhance their reputation on campus. The ones that Tim really liked were the
"echoes" as he called  return engagements. Naturally only the choicest fillies
were allowed a second opportunity to meet the baloney pony and possibly improve
their rating.

	The next morning Tim got busy making some phone calls. He first
approached the various fraternities that he had done business with in the past,
supplying, shall we say, "professional" entertainers or a bevy of naive frosh
who hadn't been pledged, but were still hopeful of making that special contact
that would put them on the right path to success and good fortune at college.
Alas, he discovered that there were no parties being planned for this evening,
not unexpected in view of the sorority rushes and the fact that it was midweek,
when most frats were engaged in planning for the serious parties that started
friday evening and continued unabated until the wee hours of monday morning.

	Tim stewed over this little problem for a time and then the light bulb
went on and he excitedly dialed the one fraternity that he was positive would
jump at the chance to have a party this evening, the DOA guys,
Delta-Omicron-Alpha. Under normal circumstances, nerds were considered to be
social misfits, loners, losers, outcasts, unloved and perpetually horny. Many
sublimated this last mentioned characterisitc in such activities as fantasy
games, computers, studying, attending classes and self abuse. It was extremely
rare that nerds banded together in any form of social organization, but DOA was
proof that such anomalies did exist.

	Very few students, and never any females unless they had lost their way
and their glasses as well, had ever ventured into the dark, forboding house that
was home to this strange band of nerds. Tim had done business with them on a few
occasions in the last two years, usually supplying them with porn videos, girlie
magazines and the like, in exchange for assistance in attending and passing the
various courses that Tim signed up for each semester. Thanks to their help he
was currently sporting a 3.9 out of 4 GPA. The substitute nerd who managed to
only get a B in one of Tim's classes was nearly ostracized fom the fraternity
for his misdeed.

	Tim decided it was time to visit the DOA frat house and have a talk with
the head nerd, Waldo William Wimpton, who looked exactly like his name. He was
pale, pudgy, wore thick coke-bottle glasses, had acne, bad breath and attracted
flies and other winged and crawling denizens that were attracted by his strong
body odor and the crumbs that littered the nooks and crannies in his shapeless
three-piece suit that he wore year round. It was claimed that the only time he
ever removed it was for his monthly shower, an event eagerly awaited by most of
his fraternity brothers.

	He was also the offspring of one of the more successful nerds ever to
attend this college. His dad had something to do with writing some neat computer
program that formed the basis of a mega-million dollar organization that he now
owned outright. His fame and wealth allowed him the right to reproduce and he
took full advantage of it, having sired eleven Wimptons, each one a male. Waldo
was the intellectual runt of the litter so to speak, but nature had compensated
him somewhat by endowing him with a penis that would be the envy of any porn
star in the business. This was a carefully guarded secret that few outside the
walls of DOA knew about, one of them being Tim.

	The concept of a fraternity party was alien to the head nerd, but Tim
was a most persuasive salesman when he wished to be. He pointed out that no
other fraternity on campus would dare to throw a party during the middle of the
week, since that was the only time that any of them paid attention to the books.
He argued that once word got out about the new custom of DOA,  it would attract
coeds like moths to a beacon. In fact Tim was willing to provide, free of
charge, one of the members of the Phi-Upsilon Kappa sorority to act as the
hostess for their inaugural midweek beer bust. Naturally Tim would also supply
the beer at his usual fee, less ten percent in recognition of the significance
of this event. He then sealed the deal by casually mentioning that Jill Norton
had a thing for frat men with large cocks, and she was dying to have him make
her a real woman. He watched in awe as this tent pole began poking out from the
folds of Waldo's trousers.

	Sindy was delighted to hear from Tim and quite happy to deposit her
charge on his doorstep at the appointed time that evening. It was apparent, from
the giggle of relief she let out, that the news about Jill not returning to the
sorority house much before an hour or so before her first class tomorrow, was
just what the doctor ordered for Sindy's mental well-being. There were still
some twists and turns that had to be ironed out, but it seemed that Tim, as
usual, was going to deliver on his promise to take the girl off their hands.

	While Tim awaited Jill's arrival,  he checked his inventory to come up
with some kind of an outfit that might make Jill more palatable to the nerds.
Over the years Tim had received many tributes from his adoring harem of campus
social climbers. It was traditional that any lucky young lady who managed to
inveigle her way into Tim's bed of no regret left a token of her appreciation in
the form of a piece of her underwear. This was not valid for older women such as
teachers and the like, who were expected to express their gratitude in more
luxurious terms such as refrigerators, color TVs, etc.

	Tim quickly became frustrated as he sifted through the pile of lingerie.
He didn't know Jill's bra size with any degree of accuracy, small and kind of
droopy was the best description he could come up with on short notice. Come to
think about it, he didn't have much of an idea about her ass either. All he
could remember, based on his one meeting, was her hairy armpits and a bush that
looked like a jungle. He wondered what the nerds would think about all that
hair, and then gave up wondering. They'd be too busy trying to find her cunt to
be deterred by a little bit of camouflage. Then it hit him, the perfect costume.
Why hadn't he thought about that one before now? It would be perfect!

	In the time remaining before Sindy was to deliver Jill to his place, Tim
came up with the perfect wardrobe for his new campus moneymaker. Unfortunately
the nerds of DOA would not reap the same benefits as those who came afterwards,
but Tim was determined to do his best to see that these pioneers did receive
proper recognition for their trail blazing efforts.

	In brief, Jill would be delivered to her customers stark naked, wrists
and ankles securely manacled, her mouth filled with a red rubber ball-gag. She
would be enclosed in her own personalized, padlocked body bag, the key attached
to the bag by a strip of Velcro. She would be returned in the same condition
except on her belly the name of the organization that had used her for the
evening or weekend, whatever it might be, would be inscribed in ink which could
only be removed by a special solvent known only to Tim. The inscription would
also include the number of customers serviced by this college Circe.  Jill would
display this information to all and sundry until she was used by another
organization. Tim still hadn't decided what else to ink on her naked body, but
that matter would be determined before the next group of customers was
identified.

	Sindy was a few minutes early for the delivery, not a surprise to Tim.
They exchanged the briefest of salutations and air kisses before this myopic,
shaggy creature stepped, or was shoved across his threshold. There she stood in
all her drabness, Jill Norton, soon to become a role model for the downtrodden
ladies on campus. Meanwhile Sindy blew him a kiss and escaped from the den of
iniquity as fast as her outstanding ass could move under the circumstances.

	 "O.K. Jill, that's your name, right? Now how about getting out of those
hand-me down clothes and let's see what you have to offer.... Oh my god, I'm
blinded! Please, have mercy on me, not so much so fast. It's not possible for my
eyes to take everything you have to offer into consideration all at the same
time!"  Tim normally never lost his cool under any circumstances, but the
unvarnished sight of Jill Norton in the nude was more than he could handle on
such short notice. He stuttered and stammered as he instructed her to turn
around slowly so he could check out her caboose. As he feared, she was almost as
flat and droopy in back as she was in front. Worse yet, there were those
tendrils of black hair poking out from between her flat, saggy butt cheeks. This
was going to be a major challenge, one worthy of the master manipulator himself.
Tim could feel his competitive juices beginning to awaken. By gum, this was
going to be fun!

	By the time the DOA folks arrived to carry off their guest of honor, she
was all packed and ready to go. Instead of the red rubber ball gag, Tim had
stuffed her mouth with a pair of ripe panties that he'd found marinating in the
hamper in what passed for his bathroom. He'd used duct tape to make sure they
wouldn't come out before her adoring fans wanted them to. He had managed to come
up with a pair of handcuffs left behind by one of his kinkier female visitors,
and he'd put them to good use, cuffing Jill's hands behind her back. A length of
scratchy rope had doubled as leg irons, and her personalized body transporter
was disguised as a laundry bag. The nerds were delighted and quickly carried her
away to their waiting car, stashing her in the trunk as he recommended.

	A couple of hours later Tim checked in at the nerd fraternity house to
discover the beer bust to be in full swing. In the main room stood the keg and
surrounding it were about a dozen naked nerds, most of them sporting limp cocks.
He inquired about Jill's where-abouts and was directed to the basement where she
was holding court. It took him a moment or two to locate her; she was buried
beneath a pile of naked nerds who were fighting each other to get at their
prize. Currently she was being breached fore and aft by a pair of nerds who were
working in tandem, one pulling out as the other penetrated her. Jill looked like
a glazed donut, her face covered from brow to chin by a thick coating of nerd
cum. More of the same fluid was squishing from both her lower entrances as the
two nerds buffeted her relentlessly.

	Tim worked the room checking on how everybody felt about the
entertainment he had provided, as well as the beer. He received enough positive
reviews to make him feel more comfortable about his little moneymaker. No one
seemed to notice that she was a bit deficient in the tit and ass department, and
as far as her appearance, most of them hadn't bothered to look that far unless
they were getting a blowjob. Satisfied that all was going well, Tim sought out
Waldo to get the view from the top.

	Tim was directed to a room located on the upper floor of the the frat
house. It was there that he found the nerd leader, sitting in an overstuffed
chair masturbating to a porn film that was playing on his monitor. Waldo William
Wimpton looked very unhappy as he ignored his visitor and continued to stroke
the mammoth salami that doubled as his cock. Tim attempted to draw him out of
his strange reverie and discovered that the head nerd had been seduced by the
"beautous" Jill when he took her on before the rest of the DOA membership got
their opportunity. While he made her eyes cross and her pussy expand to its new
limits of elasticity, his faithful followers watched and cheered him on. He was
smitten by her charm, her beauty, her intelligence, but mostly by her tight
pussy that wrapped around his mighty cock like a coating of warm butter. Waldo
was suffering the pangs of his first love. Tim was floored.

	What to do, what to do? Those three words rocketed around inside his
head as Tim tried to come up with something that would get Waldo out of this
funk. If  word ever got out that Jill and he were an item, crazy as that might
sound, Tim's plans for her would come a-cropper in one big hurry. Tim decided to
take the bull by the horns and so he settled down in the flickering light from
the screen that was now showing this intellectually challenged, but silicone
enhanced, dyed blonde with black roots taking two cocks up her cunt, another in
her asshole while another pair of stiff dicks competed for the limited space in
her mouth. Waldo was just staring off into space still manipulating that
enormous mass of flesh that had to be at least thirteen inches long.

	Tim talked and Waldo stroked. Tim talked some more and Waldo stroked
some more. Tim heaved a sigh and Waldo echoed him. Finally Tim leaned forward,
almost as if he was about to tell Waldo a secret, and told him a big fat lie.
Jill was suffering from a terminal disease and would be dead before the end of
the school year. Her dear mother had insisted that she spend her remaining days
as a member of her old sorority,which Jill was trying to do. However if word got
out about her budding relationship with the head of DOA she would be expelled
from the sorority, which would break her mother's heart and cause Jill to have
to leave school, since that was her sole reason for being here.

	The story was so good that Tim found himself giving it some limited
credibility. Then to cinch the deal he was proposing, Tim guaranteed Waldo that
he would have access to Jill for some amount of time each week at a time and
place to be determined by Tim. "Half a pussy is better than none" he said
breathlessly in an attempt to stampede Waldo into accepting this agreement. Just
as three of the five dicks began to bury the contorted face of the big-boobed
bimbo in an avalanche of cum, Waldo wrung his pudgy hands and said he would do
it out of respect and love for Jill. Tim felt as if he had just avoided one of
those near death experiences. To throw the nerd leader a bone, Tim offered to
allow Jill to remain at the frat house for an extra two hours, giving Waldo
another opportunity to boff her if that was of interest to him. Waldo grinned
and said it was.


				(To be continued )










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim and Jill - The Beginning - Chapter 3



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim went back to his den of iniquity and spent the next few hours deep in thought, polishing off a number of cans of exotic brews from foreign lands that he had collected in tribute from various frats that had done business with him. His first order of business was to have some major renovations done to his new campus sex symbol before she once more sallied forth into the world of fraternity entertainment. However that did not deter him from trying to make arrangements with some of the local organizations, which usually weren't as picky as the fraternities. He decided to target the local VFW; most of their members lived in the past and would welcome the opportunity to boff a young lady like Jill Norton who was still alive and not too particular about what went into her orifices. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another likely source of income was the local high school athletic teams. Tim knew for a fact that those studs were going without most of the time due to a confluence of factors, all working to thwart their attempts to have sex with members of the opposite sex that did not need to wear paper bags over their heads when they went out in public. The school cheerleaders as well as the more attractive female students were all saving themselves for the fraternity guys, each hoping that the offer of her virginity would entice some big man on campus into something akin to a long-term relationship, say one semester. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without the proximity of the campus, these girls would be giving it up out of school spirit and the need to be seen with someone important on date night. To make matters worse, the coaches and faculty kept a close eye on their student-athletes, who because of this lack of nookie had developed into superb players of various games which brought great publicity and exposure to this little backwater township. In point of fact sixteen members of last year's undefeated football team had gotten athletic scholarships to college, an amazing performance considering the size of the school.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Always the angle player, Tim had developed some good relationships with members of the faculty and the athletic department of the high school for other nefarious reasons. For example knowing who was about to become ineligible due to grades or some other equally critical factor, gave him an edge when it came to betting on the local teams. All these contacts were about to be put to good use; a sort of win-win situation for all concerned. He decided to pay a visit to his old friend the basketball coach who doubled as the personal hygiene teacher in the off-season. He knew that wily old Doc Freethrow would be the conduit to the tight assed coach of the football team.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another possibility was the Golden Oldies Retirement community. To these folks being able to get their hands on female flesh that wasn't wrinkled was the holy grail to most of the men and more of the women than would likely stand up to be counted. For this to work he planned to rent Jill out to small groups in view of the fact that many men would be lucky to get one round off in the evening and likely might need as long as three or four days to reload. Operating on the theory that what was good for the ganders was also fine for the other geese as well, Tim would sell the services of his number one, and only whore, to selected groups of ladies who were leaning more in the other direction. In the case of the ladies he also wanted to be able to have the sessions, which he knew would be quite kinky, taped for sale to foreign markets, another way of getting a better return on his investment in Jill.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc Freethrow was a legend in these parts. He had been coaching basketball in this same location for nearly thirty-five years, starting with just the boys team, and then about fifteen years ago making the eye-opening move to add girls basketball to his resume'. In all that time his girls' teams never won more than&nbsp; they lost in a season, and in many of those years they were lucky to win any. Despite their miserable showing, the girls team almost always outdrew the boys. It was no secret that coach Freethrow based his selection on looks rather than skill. He often claimed that he could always teach a pretty girl how to play, but it was impossible to turn an all-star who looked like she'd survived a bad accident into a pretty girl. Combine a team of well built lovelies backed by a group of cheerleaders who were equally well-built and showed even more than the girls team, and you had a drawing card that was tough to beat especially on those cold winter nights when there wasn't much else to do. To Tim this wily veteran of the war between the sexes was an icon.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was only last year that he was finally accepted as an equal by the coach who sealed the union between them by showing Tim his scrapbook. This was one of the very few times that the unflappable Tim was caught by surprise. The book contained the picture or pictures of every member of each girls team that Freethrow coached over the past nearly fifteen years. What made these pictures so special were the lack of clothing on his girls. Most had been taken thanks to a hidden camera that he moved every few weeks from one location to another in the girls' locker room and showers. A few had actually posed for the Doc and these ladies were his true all-stars. Outside of a few souvenir panties that he still sniffed now and then for the memories they contained, this book was all that remained, until next season's class of young lovelies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim pitched his concept of Jill Norton as the mascot and morale builder for the various athletic teams representing the high school. Having a college sorority girl involved with the lowly high schoolers would add cachet to their effort to be recognized by their peers, especially the attractive members of the opposite sex. The old coach listened with a twinkle in his eye and then made one suggestion that was a bombshell, and once more showed that he was still at the top of his game. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Tim, why not open this up to include the various girls teams such my hoop ladies, the soccer sluts, the field hockey and swimming teams plus the lesbos that people the tennis team. Wouldn't that beat all hell!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim was dumbfounded and as usual impressed as all hell. Why not indeed? He could see it all now, Jill Norton acting as a bridge to restore sex between the gay and straight athletes of this proud supplier of fresh young minds and great bodies needed to fulfill the requirements of&nbsp; the nearby institution of higher learning. Doc agreed to act as his advance man, promising to see the football coach first thing tomorrow. What he intended to pitch to that paragon of anal retentiveness was the need for his players to have some channel to blow off steam that was healthy and would incentivize them to strive even harder to make the coach look like a very well qualified candidate for a college football coaching position. It was then that the concept of a sluts auxiliary popped into his head, since there could be no way that Jill Norton could handle the load that the wily old coach had just proposed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The way Tim saw it, there was no lack of sex crazed males just slavering to get their hands and other appendages on some young high school pussy. The concept he was developing involved the creation of a placement service to be operated by himself, but would use Jill Norton as its front. Well not the current one, but a souped up version that would turn any high school male into a puddle of hormones. However the more he thought about that, the more he realized that he needed perhaps a dozen Jill Nortons. Then it hit him, of course! 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why not recruit from the pool of "almost made its", the ones that came close but for one reason or another were doomed to not be pledged by the sorority they wanted, or by any other organizations looking for pretty young women ready, wiling, and able to do what was necessary to become part of the greek system? These sophisticated young women, college girls no less, certainly would be capable of dealing with the callow youth that populated the local high school. Not only would they be intermediaries between the sexes at the high school ,they could also double as surrogates when it was appropriate, such as dealing with the VFW and Golden Oldies crowd as examples.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim put in a call to Sindy, who still owed him a slight favor, at least that's what he wanted her to think. She bought his line and not only delivered up all the names of those who almost, but not quite, made the cut for her sorority, but also gave him the names and phone numbers of her opposite numbers at the other sororities. Tim had struck gold. Now all he had to do was interview these "almosts" and select the cream of the cunt or was it crop? However there was still the matter of having Jill Norton transformed from what she was, a useless skank, into a sex-crazed hottie capable of appealing to high schoolers as well as those collecting social security, be they male or otherwise. He still had the issue of Waldo to address, and how he might react to a Jill Norton that made him feel like a nerd, which is what he was. That was one bridge he'd cross when he got to it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The always resourceful Tim had a contact in the university medical school who might be able to help him in transforming Jill.&nbsp; His man was cut from the same cloth as Tim when it came to knowing all the angles and not being shy about cutting a few corners in the name of progress. They met at Tim's place, and to incentivize him to become a member of the team and come up with a good answer to this conundrum, he also invited four candidates for positions in his new organization. These lovelies didn't know it yet, but this was their final examination and Tim's associate was to be their test.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The quartet was known to Tim as his B-girls. There was Bambi who never met a cock she didn't want to suck and have inside her wet, warm pussy. In high school she was voted the girl most likely to turn pro. What made this so impressive was she held the title for three straight years! Bambi was responsible for the breakup of three faculty marriages in a single year, the resignation of the boys' basketball coach and the attempted suicide of the coach of the girls' field hockey team. The latter situation was created when Bambi innocently decided she wanted to see what girl-girl love was all about, and chose this poor unfortunate as her teacher. Unfortunately despite the woman's best efforts to show Bambi that a tongue in the twat was better than a cock in the cunt, she decided to stay on her side of the street.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then there were the Bronson twins from the UK, Bette and Bettina. Unlike Bambi these two were dedicated bi-sexuals with a knack of being attracted to the same people at the same time. This usually resulted in an awesome mismatch in the bedroom and a subsequent cooling of the relationship. This is not to say that the twins weren't rather fetching unless one didn't like dark eyes, black hair, perfect complexions and figures that were properly matched for feminine symmetry, such as 35C bosoms, 23 inch waists and flaring hips that taped in at 35 inches for Bette and alas, one inch greater for her sister. They had decided to come to the colonies for their college education, but when they tried to gain entrance to a sorority their condition that both had to be accepted led to their rejection by every one they tried to pledge.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Last and by no means least was Barbra or, as she liked to be called, Babs. This statuesque, natural blonde stood three inches over six feet without shoes, had tested near genius when she was a child and harbored a grudge against all men for their real and imagined slights and slurs as she grew up. Her overwhelming personality, physical presence and narrow focus frightened those sororities that evaluated her, leading to one rejection after another. Even Tim the ultimate macho male felt a wee bit intimidated by her attitude during the interview. However the fact she did not wear a bra, exposing a set of tits that could only be described as phenomenal, and the sense that she might break his neck if he pissed her off, won him over. If the truth be known, Tim had grown up as a bit of a mama's boy until he reached puberty. This might have also influenced his decision to take a chance with this angry young amazon with the gigantic brain and an attitude to match it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim and Jill - The Beginning - Chapter 4



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Six years ago Marcus Clendenon, known as Welby by his peers, was enrolled in the university pre-med program, on the fast track to riches, fame and good pussy, not exactly in that order. A year later he was found wanting by the good professors and doctors, leading to a career change that had stood him in good stead. Welby began his study of nursing by day and worked as an orderly by night. Both of his lives gave him access to the coin of his realm, pussy. He quickly discovered that there was good pussy, great pussy and oh my god pussy roaming the halls of ivy and emptying bedpans at the university hospital.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In his double life he dedicated himself to efficiency or as most would describe it, cutting corners. He also discovered the power of becoming an entrepreneur, trading hospital drugs for favors from the chemically dependent among the faculty and administration. How could a humble orderly have access to the hospital pharmacy you ask? Simply by having access to the pussy running the pharmacy, that's how! With time came knowledge; who was sleeping with whom, what married professor was nailing what student nurse, little things that he soon found out could be turned into cold hard cash or its equivalent!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Welby branched out into the favors business; some might simply call it blackmail, but perish the thought!&nbsp; The only blackmail involved in this activity was Welby, a black male. In parallel with these actvities he managed to keep up with his course work, and in three years he was a graduate of the university's school of nursing. Those were happy times because he had very little competition for the hot, young, dedicated pussy running free and easy. Now and then he might encounter a predatory lesbian teacher or horny professor eager to cut out one of the members of his growing flock, but that never proved to be a severe problem.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Upon his graduation he called in some favors and raised the consciousness of certain university administrators who had done silly little things that broke university rules. When combined, they yielded a position on the university nursing staff. Now Welby's influence grew by leaps and bounds. He was to the hospital what sergeant Bilko was to the US Army supply corps, one to be contacted for any and all sundry needs. It was for this talent that Tim chose to sit down with this mover and shaker and see about cutting a deal for some work on his star whore, Jill Norton.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The meet was at Tim's place, The Basement. Marcus Clendenon showed up right on time as befits a mover and shaker who has places to go and people to meet and no time to lose. As soon as the door to his&nbsp; den of iniquity opened, Tim knew he was doing business with an equal, as a minimum. His visitor was flanked by two of the finest pieces of female flesh Tim had seen. One was the color of cocoa, the other honey.&nbsp; However it was Welby's threads that caught the eye. This was in keeping with Nature's way of calling attention to the male of the species when it came to mating time. Also, if the truth be known, nature's fine hand was also in evidence since the black man was a full head shorter than his two companions, neither of whom were wearing high heels.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim's B-girls flocked around Marcus as if he were a rock star, or a drug dealer or perhaps a multimillionaire come to take them away from this squalor. Welby had won round one on every card, but Tim was not deterred. The two escorts did not take lightly to the attention that Tim's ladies were paying to their pimp daddy, but at a wave of his hand, they relaxed and waited for his next order. Tim suggested that the ladies get together and do whatever ladies do, while he and Marcus took care of some very important male business. That did not go over well with any of the distaff members of either camp who directed daggers towards him while Marcus stood aside and grinned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things took a turn for the interesting when Welby arched his eyebrow and made a strange motion with the fingers of his left hand. A big grin spread over the faces of his two escorts and they began to get comfortable by removing their outer clothing to reveal some of the sexiest underwear Tim had ever seen. He'd seen ready panties but not fore and aft like these ladies were almost wearing. Once he got over the shock, he realized they weren't panties but thongs! Their bras were works of art, composed of burnished leather strips covered in beads all meeting at the silver ring through which poked a fat stiff nipple. They were of a strapless design, the leather supports seeming to melt into their bronze and saffron skins. This was a design that flawlessly melded the talents of an architect and a world class couturier.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim was in the presence of genius, no doubt about it. It's not a good idea to go into negotiations when you already know that the other guy has you hands down. In his mind he was frantically reviewing his offer and adding some perks to it, his supreme confidence that usually radiated from his persona seeming to lose some of its brillance. Then Bambi made her&nbsp; presence known by innocently asking Welby if he had a big cock. Time seemed to stand still as every soul in the room froze from the words that had tripped like a pratfall from her juicy bee-stung lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For one of the very few times in his adult life, the glib trickster was unable to come up with anything that would break the icy silence that settled over his den of iniquity. He could have sworn that there was vapor coming from everyone's mouth, but nary a word. Marcus Clendenon's eyes were narrowed like a beast of prey readying itself to pounce. Meanwhile Bambi's eyes were wide with wonderment at the quiet that suddenly enveloped the large room and all its occupants. It was Tim who saved the day, and his ass at the same time. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Welby, pardon little Bambi, but she's lived a rather sheltered life. She's heard a lot about the prowess of the black man when it comes to satisfying the female of the species, but she's never had the pleasure. In fact I was planning to surprise you by sweetening the pot with my offer of her at no charge for a few weeks as part of the package for your help in the matter of Jill Norton."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the words tumbled from his mouth, Tim could see the look on the faces of the B-girls. The twins were already homing in on Welby's escorts like a pair of guided missiles. Barbra, or Babs as she liked to be called, had a look on her face that translated to "What a line of BS!", and poor Bambi just sort of simpered and jumped up and down like a kid at a birthday party opening her gifts. Out of the corner of his eye Tim watched as Welby's eyes returned to normal and the briefest of grins crossed his face. Let's face it, Bambi was a nice piece of ass in any man's book, including the main man at the university hospital.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tim gave Babs a discrete hand signal and she quickly responded, making sure that Bambi was kept occupied and mute at the same time. The amazon was very good at silencing people, especially airheads like Bambi. Bette and Bettina meanwhile were giving their counterparts a fashion show of their own. Karema and SuLing were all eyes as the Bronson twins shimmied from their dresses to reveal matching black bustiers that presented their firm tits for the taking, and peach-colored bikinis with sheer crotches that called attention to their shaven mons. With the ladies preoccupied and therefore out of the line of fire, the two movers and shakers settled down to a round of hard bargaining along with the consumption of some rare alcoholic beverages that Tim reserved only for very special occasions.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Welby sat on the bed of no regret and listened impassively to the background that led to this meeting. To Tim's great surprise the diminutive black man knew quite a bit about Jill Norton and her travails since coming to the university. It seems that her sorority had offered Jill to the medical department for experimental surgery, but was rejected due to legal considerations and the remote possibility of very bad publicity for the university. However what Tim was proposing got neatly around those concerns. Welby smelled the sweet scent of money and perhaps a little more power from what Tim was offering.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Across the room things began heating up as some of the ladies started to get down and dirty. The distractions were interfering with the negotiations taking place, and so in the interests of good fellowship, or was it "feelowship", Tim and Welby generously gave up the bed of no regret to the ladies and adjourned to the cone of silence located across the room. It consisted of two ratty overstuffed chairs with a filthy blanket thrown over them to provide security from prying eyes. Strategically placed holes allowed those within the cone's blanket to keep an eye on what was occurring on the bed, if they so wished.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gradually Tim gave up more and more information on his plans for Jill and her assistants. Each time he did, the price for Welby's services rose. In this game of cat and mouse Tim was always on the defensive, a bad position to be when confronted by a cat such as Marcus Clendenon. Finally Tim threw up his hands and surrendered, thereby gaining a silent partner who would provide a variety of services for nearly half the take. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was as good as he was going to get and that was that. As it turned out, what he got was the answer to his prayers, a method of converting his caterpillar into a butterfly, the kind of woman&nbsp; he always dreamed of having under his thumb as well as other portions of his anatomy. Welby was as good as his word on this matter. Now it was his turn to to show what he had, and it was a bundle.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were two doctors on the staff at the university hospital who were dying to try their ideas out on a patient, but were frustrated by hospital rules. The first had developed a technique which rapidly broke down fat deposits in the body. Unfortunately he had no way of sweeping the residue from the patient's bloodstream, which soon deposited the recombined fat in another region of the body, leaving the patient with unwanted, highly dense, fatty tumors in some very embarrassing spots. As luck would have it, there was a second doctor working on a method of infusing very high density fatty deposits with a chemical that made the fat turn into flesh that was incredibly malleable, and remained that way. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two medical men were aware of each other's work and wanted to team up in hopes that the first process could be deliberately targeted to certain areas of the patient's body such as the breasts, hips, belly, buttocks and face. All that was required was a patient willing to undergo an exhausting series of experiments in a facility not run by the university. That's where Welby and Tim came into the picture; Marcus could guarantee a safe haven for the experiments and Tim would provide Jill as the guinea pig or as Welby described her, the crash test dummy. Then in a gesture of good will, Welby let Tim in on a secret. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In experiments with animals as large as house cats, injections of the infusion chemical prior to the breakdown of fats created nucleating sites for the material that would develop into the malleable flesh. If this proved true in larger and more sophisticated animals such as human beings, the problems associated with the two techniques would be eliminated. Tim only understood one quarter of what he was told, but the look on his new partner's face told him his particular ship may have come in and it hadn't sunk in the harbor like so many of his other ventures.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was time to celebrate this union and the two men surfaced from the cone of silence to discover that the ladies had already started without them. Tim took one look at what was happening on the bed of no regrets and made a mad dash for his tape recorder. How many times in a man's life could he capture not one but two pairs of gorgeous sixty-nining young women, half of them twins? His frantic search was halted by Bambi's piercing shreik. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All eyes turned, even those currently in mortal combat, to see what had initiated such a reaction. Tim had lucked out once again. Standing beside the bed was Marcus Clendenon with his fly open and over a foot of blacksnake flopping out to get some air. Bambi's eyes were crossed and her face as red as the ass of a baboon. Indeed she had lived a sheltered life, having never encountered a real black man. Her world was about to be rocked to its foundations.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite )



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





