BDSM Library - Sweet Revenge




Sweet Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two women are hired to teach a man a lesson.  He is mistreated badly for several days, then abandoned in a school yard for the police.
Sweet Revenge

A Fantasy by Sardonicus

	As she drove the winding country road, the elegant woman thought how
ridiculously easy it had been to take him.  She had arranged to meet him for a
blind date, through a computer chat system.  Once he was at the restaurant, and
relaxed, the rest had been a piece of cake.  She had slipped the drug into his
drink and it had worked its usual magic.  About ten minutes after he had
ingested it, he began to slur his words and he was unable to walk without
assistance.  She acted as though he was drunk and she was used to this behavior,
getting him out of the restaurant and to her car as if she had done it many
times in the past.  She had stipulated that he was to come to the restaurant on
foot and made sure it was close enough to where he lived, thus making sure that
he had no car to leave behind and attract attention.  After that it was a simple
matter to get him into the trunk without being seen.  She had put the handcuffs
on his wrists, but they probably wouldn't be necessary.  He'd still be under the
influence of the drug when they arrived, so she really didn't expect him to
offer any serious resistance.  She was a private investigator, by trade, but she
took occasional "special" jobs like this from time to time, and really had no
problem dealing with the unruly male, particularly when he had been drugged,
like this one.

	A woman who had recently inherited significant wealth had hired her. 
The woman wanted only one thing...revenge!  The man had used her badly, many
years ago, and her checking had determined that he had done the same sort of
thing to many other women.  She wanted him to suffer severely, but not to the
point of permanent damage.  She had hired the private investigator to capture
him and to put him through a serious routine of torments that she had designed,
making sure he would be capable of returning to his normal life afterward.  The
private investigator, whose name was Gail, was glad to take the job.  It paid
very well, indeed, and, when she had been told of the kind of things this man
had done to the woman, and to many others, she even felt justified in what she
was doing.  The man was an asshole, and it would be a real pleasure to punish
him in such a way that he would never be able to forget it.  The woman who had
hired her had arranged for an isolated cabin, far out in the woods, and had
loaded it with sufficient food and drink for a stay of several weeks, even
though she was planning to spend only several days on this man before returning
him to his normal life.  She had also stocked the cabin with various instruments
of torment that could and would be used upon the man.  The client had mentioned
a few things she would like to see done to him but she was happy with leaving
the majority of his mistreatment to Gail's imagination.  She wanted Gail to
videotape the process for her, providing her the tapes when she finished with
him.  Gail was looking forward to starting on him, but she knew she'd have to
wait until morning to make sure the drug was completely worn off.  That was OK. 
She could wait...she had plenty of time, after all.  In addition, she had
arranged for another woman, an assistant she had used on other jobs, to join her
at the cabin tomorrow.  He would be much easier to handle with another woman to
help her.

	When the car arrived at the cabin, it was nearly midnight.  Gail parked
the car inside the connected garage, moved her suitcase from the back seat to
her bedroom then returned and opened the trunk.  The man, whose name was
William, was regaining his faculties, but he was still very disoriented.  She
helped him from the trunk then took him into the cabin's living room, where a
sturdy chair in the room's center waited for him.  She placed him in it, with
his hands still cuffed behind his back, then waited for him to react to the
situation.  While she waited, she took out a tranquilizer pistol and idly
examined it, making sure he could see it.

	"What's that?" he asked, nodding toward the pistol.

	"Tranquilizer pistol," was her only reply.

	"For me?"

	"If necessary."



	"What's going on?"

	"You've been a very bad boy, particularly toward your many girlfriends. 
One of them has hired me to sort of teach you a lesson.  We're going to spend
some time together, here, and when we're done, you just may have a different
attitude toward women."

	"I doubt that," he said, braver now that he realized it was just the two
of them.

	"Well, it certainly remains to be seen," she said.  "For now, it's
enough that you understand you must obey me in all things, instantly.  Any
hesitation on your part will mean a tranquilizer dart in you and an inordinate
amount of pain for you when you wake up.  Is that crystal clear?"  She saw no
reason to tell him about the scheduled arrival of her assistant tomorrow.  He'd
find out soon enough.

	"Perfectly," he said, managing to leer at her as he said it.  She could
see that he was judging her, trying to decide what his best opportunity was to
take her.

	"All right," she said.  "We might as well get started.  For tonight, I
just want you to sleep off the drug I gave you to get you here."  She tossed him
the key to the handcuffs, landing it on the floor near him.  "Pick up the key
and unlock the cuffs.  Just leave them near you.  When you've got the cuffs off,
I want you to strip yourself completely naked."

	He looked at her and it was obvious that he was considering his options. 
Finally he shrugged, picked up the key with his hands behind his back, and then
unlocked the cuffs.  He dropped them, as instructed, then made a sudden lunge
for her.  She was expecting the clumsy move and simply moved back a few feet and
shot him in the chest with the tranquilizer dart gun.  He dropped as if he'd
been hit with a brick.

	Knowing he'd be out for at least an hour, she took her time cutting off
his clothes with a small pocketknife she produced from another pocket.  When he
was naked, she threw him over her shoulder and took him into the next room to a
small, if functional, cot.  She placed him on the cot, laying him on his back,
then produced some flexi-cuffs from her pocket.  She carefully tied him
spread-eagle on the cot with the cuffs, making sure that there was virtually no
play in any of them.  She had a cuff on each wrist and on each ankle, holding
him in the tight position.  She looked him over carefully, then, as if to
ascertain he could take the treatment she had in store for him.  She even hefted
his genitals, apparently satisfied with what she saw.   She went into the other
room and returned with a snug gag, one that invaded his mouth with a wide plug. 
She fastened it about his head, buckling it snugly shut so that he could make no
sound other than a muffled grunt, then waited patiently for him to come back to
his senses.

	It didn't take very long.  He woke slowly, looking about him and sizing
up his situation.  He noticed his nakedness, and his helplessness on the cot. 
Finally, he looked at her as she waited for him to make his assessment.

	"Well, now," she said calmly.  "Your little episode gained you only one
thing.  Pain.  I was going to just let you sleep tonight, then start on you in
the morning.  You have, instead, earned yourself a little session with some of
my favorite little items.  I suspect they may make any sleep out of the
question, tonight."  She reached into her pocket and brought forth two sets of
clamps.  One set was known as a French wire clamp, with its primary feature
being that it hurt worse, the longer it was left on.  It was most effective on
nipples, so she carefully placed the pair of clamps on his nipples, making
certain they had a good bite, but were grasping no chest flesh.  His moan behind
the gag was testimony to the effectiveness of these nasty little purveyors of
pain, but she was only halfway done with him.  The other clamps were a set of
alligator clamps.  They had a long nose, with sharp little teeth all the way
along both sides.  She placed these on the head of his penis, one to each side,
making sure they had a healthy grip.  His reaction to these clamps was
instantaneous.  He snorted and huffed, leaping about as much as the flexi-cuffs
would permit.  He was able to gain no relief from the pain and she could see
tears in his eyes as he looked at her.

	"Now, why don't you settle down and rest as much as you can.  I'll see
you in the morning," she said, grinning at him and his predicament.  She knew
he'd not be able to sleep.  Either set of clamps was painful enough, alone, to
prevent that.  Both of them, together, would make for a very uncomfortable
night, indeed.  She also had faith in the flexi-cuffs that she had used to tie
him to the cot.  He'd be there when she came for him in the morning, rested or
not.

	She went back to the cabin's main room and took her time with unpacking
her bag and making her bed up in the upstairs area.  She didn't want to be able
to hear his muffled screams, so she added a pair of earplugs before she turned
in.  "All in all, a very fine day," she thought to herself, just before she fell
to sleep.

	She woke the next morning to the sound of her partner arriving.  She was
bringing in her bag and was pleased to see her, saying as much.  This job was a
welcome change of pace, and she enjoyed doing nasty things to naked men.  She
was, after all, a sadist.  Her name was Jenny Malone and she had a small
computer business in San Francisco.  She was able and willing to take a little
time from her business to have an opportunity like this.  In her regular life,
she was certainly attractive enough to get men to agree to play her games, but
she had to be very careful not to hurt them too badly.  In the case of a man
like the one they now had to deal with, her only concern was in not damaging him
to the point of serious injury.  You could do ever so much more to a man when
you didn't really care if it hurt him too much.

	"Where's the victim?" she asked.

	"In the next room," was Gail's reply.  "Maybe you'd like to relieve him
of the clamps I put on him last night."

	Jenny walked into the next room and laughed out loud.  He had been
struggling with the flexi-cuffs for most of the night and he looked pretty wild. 
It was obvious he was in a great deal of pain and she made that particular
situation worse when she leaned down and removed the clamps from his nipples,
then, without giving him a chance to get used to their absence, removed the
alligator clamps from his penis.  The absence of the clamps was almost as bad as
having them on, for a few moments, at least.  Blood rushing back into his
nipples and his penis where the clamps had been caused him a fairly overwhelming
surge of a different kind of pain than he had been used to.  She could see,
however, that it wasn't lasting long and finally returned to Gail.

	"What's he like?" she asked, nodding towards the cot.

	"Unrepentant, and showing no tendency to change," was the reply.  "He
got those two pairs of clamps for company last night because he tried to get at
me." 	

	"My favorite kind of victim," Jenny replied, smiling at him.  He was now
fully aware that there were two women present and obviously didn't like to think
about what that meant to his chances for escape.

	Gail walked into the room where his cot was and spoke to him.  "You can
see that there are two of us and, believe me, we are VERY experienced at
handling someone like you.  We've done this many times and no one has ever
gotten away from us.  You won't be any different.  You might as well get used to
the idea.  We are going to torture you for our client's amusement and ours. 
We're going to video tape it and give the tapes to her when we finish with you. 
Then, we'll make sure you find your way back to civilization, not too much the
worse for wear.  You'll never be able to find us again, or prove we had you
here.  You won't even be able to tell where 'here' is.   Trust me, we're going
to make you miserable for a short while then we're going to make you even more
miserable. When we're done you just may have a bit more respect for the female
of the species.  If you behave yourself through all this, you just may survive
it."

	The two women then went into another part of the cabin, both to put away
Jenny's things, and to plan their activities for the day.  They were back to him
shortly, explaining to him that they were going to make some basic breakfast
then they were going to spend the day outside, 'enjoying' the great
out-of-doors.  They were back in a reasonable time with a bowl of oatmeal for
him to consume.  They allowed him to sit up on the couch, with his legs tied
together by a plastic cuff, and watched him carefully while he ate.  At no time
was there ever an opportunity for him to grab both of them and, since both of
them had a tranquilizer pistol, now, there was no way he could even think of
trying to escape.  After he ate, he was allowed to relieve himself in the
cabin's toilet, again, watched constantly by both of them.  He sighed, realizing
he was to get no privacy and no opportunity to escape, at least for the present
time.  At last, they took him outside, still naked, and made him wait while Gail
retrieved a Jeep from the rear of the cabin.  He was tied hand and foot, of
course, so he had no choice but to wait and see what they were going to do to
him. 

	"OK, buddy, up you get, into the back of the Jeep," said Gail, as she
released his feet.  He climbed gingerly to the open back of the jeep then was
horrified as Gail used a short length of rope to tie his testicles tightly to
the roll bar at the center.  It was the perfect height.  He was pulled up to the
roll bar, with his hands tied behind his back.  He was clearly not going
anywhere as long as his balls were tied in this fashion.  His feet were able to
reach the bed of the Jeep, but not to rest flat upon it.   He had to stand on
his tiptoes, else his balls would be hurt severely by the rope.

	"Now, then, we'll just take you for a little ride," Gail said.  She
climbed into the driver's seat and, with Jenny in the passenger seat, began to
drive away from the cabin.  Jenny watched him closely, for a few minutes then,
apparently satisfied that he wasn't going to get away and that he was going to
be very uncomfortable, especially when Gail hit a rough spot of road, she
relaxed and enjoyed the ride.  He, suffering great pain from his testicles as
they were pulled by the rope and the centrifugal force generated by the
careening Jeep, just tried to maintain his equilibrium as the Jeep bounced and
boomed down the quiet country lane.  The road was dirt, with many holes and
bumps, which caused him pain, but also led him to feel there was no hope that
someone would come along and see his predicament.

        The women were even surer of that than he, so they thoroughly enjoyed
riding up and down along the rough road, causing a great deal of pain to his
tied testicles as they went along.  Finally, seeming to tire of this sport, the
Jeep was brought to a stop and he was released from the bar.  The women walked
him over to a tree limb that seemed about eight feet from the ground and made
him wait there, below it, while they prepared for his further torment.

        Once again a small piece of rope was tied tightly about his testicles. 
When they were satisfied with its security, they threaded another of the plastic
tie down straps through the rope and tied it securely to a piece of rope that
was hanging down from the tree limb.  Too late, he realized their intent.  The
other end of the rope was secured to the Jeep, which was now being slowly pulled
away, pulling him up to his very tiptoes by the unyielding pull on his
testicles.  Gail got the Jeep to the ideal point to retain him in that position,
then she set the parking brake and walked slowly back to where he waited for
them in his agony.  With his hands still secured behind his back he was unable
to do anything but wait to see what was up for him next.

        Jenny had the answer to that particular question.  She smoothly slipped
one of the plastic tie downs around his two big toes and pulled it as tight as
she could.  He was thoroughly helpless now; his balls pulled to the sky and his
hands behind his back.  Securing his toes insured that he was completely unable
to move in any direction.  Satisfied with that, the two women moved even closer
to him, until they were less than a foot away.

						

        "Now, then, let's see how long you can dangle like this for us."  Jenny
said this as she watched his struggles with amusement.  Gail was videotaping him
now and Jenny reached down into a duffel bag that she had thrown to the ground
from the Jeep.  When she stood, she was holding a pair of battery operated
Electro-shock devices designed to be used on animals to control them.  Each
device used three batteries and their presence caused him to become very quiet,
indeed.  It was obvious that he was hoping they wouldn't shock him with the
prods if he behaved himself, but they were clearly not concerned with his
behavior.  First Gail, then Jenny, reached out and hit him with the prod; Gail
on his buttocks and Jenny right to his tortured balls.  His reaction was
immediate and very satisfying to them.  He lurched back and forth on the end of
the rope tied to his balls, nearly losing his balance.  Additionally, he
screamed loudly, particularly at the sudden shot of pain to his testicles
delivered from the prod.  He actually lost his balance for a moment, swinging at
the end of the rope before he able to bring himself back to some semblance of
balance.  Gail chose that moment to hit him in the lower leg with her prod and,
when he reacted to that, Jenny, once again, hit his tightly tied testicles with
hers.  Again, he screamed and fought for his balance, finally coming to rest and
staring at the two of them ruefully.

	"We can keep this up for quite a while," Gail said with amusement.  "I
think we can have you begging us to stop fairly rapidly.  What do you think?" 
She punctuated this last with another painful shot of the prod to his stomach
then watched with amusement as Jenny alternated between his cock and his balls
with several more agonizing hits.  Then she put her prod down and picked up the
video camera, recording away while Jenny amused herself with more shots of the
prod to his agonized genital area.  Each time she would apply the prod, she
would back off and watch him struggle to regain his balance and free himself of
some of the pain which was being caused by the rope holding his testicles
straight up in the air.

	"This is fun, but I think we need to add a little something extra," said
Gail, reaching inside the duffel bag and retrieving a bag filled with
nasty-looking alligator clips.  She placed the camera on the ground then
approached him with them.  He, of course, was unable to prevent her placing them
anywhere she wished, what with his hands tied behind him and his feet tied
together.  She began to place the clips in places where they were sure to cause
the maximum pain for him...one on each nipple, of course, then several on the
end of his cock.  He was frantic to avoid them, but was unable to do so.  He
wound up accepting the clips, even several more upon the shaft of his cock
which, to his surprise, was erect in spite of the horrifying pain he was being
forced to endure.  When she had finished with the clips, she picked up her prod
and began adding to the pain already being caused by Jenny with hers, hitting
him randomly in the genitals and anywhere else she could think of on his naked
body.  He could do nothing, of course, expect plead with them to relent, and
dangle precariously at the end of the rope attached to his testicles.  His
screams for mercy and relief were becoming quite hoarse when they finally paused
for a while and let him rest, Gail still filming his helpless struggles to find
comfort.

	"I guess that's enough for now," Gail said and began removing the
alligator clips from his body. 

	"We need to get back to the cabin and clean him up.  He's going to need
some rest tonight, because I've got a really big day planned for him, tomorrow."

	After removing all the clips and releasing the rope which was holding
his testicles up, she placed him, hands still behind his back and toes still
held tightly by the plastic tie, in the back of the jeep.  It was only a moment
and she had his balls secured, once again, to the crash bar, holding him
securely, if precariously, in place.

	The ride back to the cabin was as arduous and painful as the ride out
had been, resulting in his being fairly easy to handle once there.

	They released him from the roll bar and forced him inside without
removing his restraints.  Inside the cabin, they took him into the shower and
placed him on the floor still bound.  Jenny reached up and turned on the cold
water, causing an agitated reaction, but it did him no good.  He just had to lay
there and take the abuse.  Finally, she turned on some warmer water and began to
scrub him down with a heavy brush and a bar of soap.  Once she judged him clean,
she got him up and led him to the commode, holding his penis for him to urinate. 
Once that was done, they helped him to the cot and carefully secured him in the
same spreadeagled fashion that he had been the previous night.

	"Just rest a bit," said Gail.  "We've got to fix some dinner and then
we've got to give you a shave before you can sleep."

	They left him there and retired to the kitchen, where they had a glass
of wine each and prepared some food for them all to eat.

	When they returned to him with his dinner, he was a bit quieter than he
had been.  "Why do you need to give me a shave?," he asked.  "Aren't I pretty
enough for you with a little shadow on my face?"

	"Well, silly, we may shave your stubble as well, but the primary focus
of the shave will be to your genitals.  We need everything cleaned up down there
for tomorrow's activities."  This was said by Gail with some amusement.

	He didn't like the sound of it, but helpless as he was, could do nothing
to prevent the careful shaving of his genital area, chest, and even his face. 
When they finished, he was much quieter and seemed resigned to his fate,
whatever that might be.  They left him to sleep and, after another glass of wine
each, retired for the evening, themselves.

	With morning's arrival, all was quiet in the cabin.  Their victim had
apparently slept the sleep of the exhausted, and participated, somewhat
willingly, in his morning ablutions.  Gail and Jenny fixed a breakfast of
scrambled eggs, sausage and toast, and he wolfed down his portion as though he
were really hungry, which he almost certainly was.

	After breakfast, he had little time to wait for his next torment.  They
took him outside, still naked, and led him to a couple of small trees, about two
feet apart.  They tied each of his ankles to a tree, then forced him down to his
knees.  Once in that position, they tied his wrists together in front of him,
then secured them to another tree a few feet away.  He was now kneeling, naked,
on the ground, with his wrists held securely in front of him.  There was no way
he could escape, so Gail and Jenny left him there while they retired to the
cabin to obtain the instruments of his torment.

	Gail wanted to punish his testicles some more and, to that end, she had
brought along a device called "The Humbler".  It was wooden and about two feet
long.  It was in two parts, with a hole in the center just right for his balls. 
She separated the two pieces of wood, then pulled his testicles back through his
legs and placed them in the cutout space before tightening the two screws that
held the device together.  When she was finished, his testicles were held behind
him, unable to escape...held tightly between the two pieces of wood.  The
primary purpose of "The Humbler" was to ensure the victim was unable to stand
erect.  Any effort to do so resulted in an excruciating pull of the testicles. 
The penis was allowed to swing freely in front of the device.  For Gail,
however, the primary reason for "The Humbler" was to tightly restrain his
testicles in a very prominent manner, giving her the ability to cause him
enormous pain by striking them with anything available.  Gail had, of course,
brought along the best possible instrument for such striking and she produced it
now.  It was a back scrubbing brush, some two feet in length, made of heavy duty
acrylic material.  The back of the brush area was about six inches long and
three inches wide...perfect, she judged, for the punishment of male testicles
held firmly in "The Humbler". 

	"Let's see how he likes this," she said, standing over his back with her
legs to either side of him.  His response to her first harsh blow was most
rewarding.  He screamed aloud and began begging her not to strike him again.

	"That's pretty good," she judged, "but I bet I can do better."

	With that she raised the acrylic brush again and brought it sharply down
upon her victim's captive testicles.  His howl of anguish was a nice reward and
Jenny carefully videotaped the episode, moving around to capture the full extent
of their victim's torment.  Gail began striking his balls rhythmically, giving
him about ten seconds between each blow.  After about twenty hits, he began to
plead with her, explaining that no man's testicles could withstand such
treatment and assuring her that he would never be able to function as a man
again if she kept on with his punishment.

	In response, Gail stopped hitting him long enough to obtain a handful of
the ubiquitous alligator clips and decorated his nipples and penis with them,
adding to his discomfort and re-energizing his pleas for mercy.

	When she took up her striking routine again, he was almost bawling as he
begged her to stop.

	"Begging will do you no good," she said, continuing to strike his
tightly held testicles every ten seconds.  "This will continue until we decide
you have had enough.  It won't affect your ability to function as a man, though
you will feel like it will.  The worst that can happen is a little swelling, and
that will pass rapidly.  The human body is quite amazing in what abuse it can
take and recover from.  Besides, when we get around to your next little
entertainment, you may wish for more of this as respite!"

	Her savage strikes to his testicles continued, unabated, for several
more minutes, before she finally paused, allowing him to moan and catch his
breath.

	"I guess that's enough of that for now," said Gail.  "Let's have some
lunch, then get on with the festivities."

	The two women walked back to the cabin, leaving him kneeling between the
two trees, his testicles throbbing from the beating they had received, the
alligator clips continued to add to his agony.

	When they returned for him, about an hour later, he was almost glad to
see them arrive.  They released him from his bonds and removed the clips,
enabling him to feel almost normal again.  Of course, it was difficult to feel
normal, naked and captive to the two remorseless women.  This time they led him
back to the cabin and took him to the kitchen, immediately tying his wrists
together and pulling them up over his head by throwing the rope over a beam in
the ceiling.  Gail tied the rope off, and he was before them, still naked,
standing flat on his feet, but with his arms held securely over his head.  His
penis seemed unsure of what to expect, twitching to erectness, but somehow not
completely full, somehow anticipating the upcoming ordeal.

	"This is going to make you wish you were still having your testicles
beaten," said Gail, with a grin.  "I assure you that this is the worst torment
you have endured up to now."

	With this, she quickly placed two very severe alligator clips on his
already sore nipples.  They were connected by a short chain which she used to
pull his, now even more erected, penis up, tying a length of rawhide to its
center and then pulling the rawhide up to the chain connecting his nipples. 
When she finished, he was in constant pain, the clamps being forced to pull
harshly on his helpless nipples.

	"Just a bit more for you, then we can commence," she said.  Then she
took a thin rope and tied it tightly about his testicles, pulling them to the
bottom of his sac.  She carefully threaded the rope between his testicles and
looped it inside itself around the bag, separating his testicles and causing
them to appear shiny and quite helpless.  The end of the rope was then passed
over another beam and tied to a bright yellow bucket which hung there at the end
of the rope tying his testicles.  This accomplished, Gail began to load the
yellow bucket with heavy fishing weights, about a pound each in weight.  He was
slowly forced to his tiptoes, by the inexorable weight pulling his testicles
away from him.  When she had placed at least twenty pounds of the weights inside
the bucket, she stepped away and examined her victim.

	Jenny, who had been carefully taping all of this, commented on the fact
that he was definitely not going to be going anywhere anytime soon.

	"Yes," said Gail, "but he's going to wish he could leave, isn't he?" 
Her giggle was completely frightening, as it had been intended to be.

	Gail now began to place a number of items on the counter, where he could
see them.  There were a number of lotions, 'Icy-Hot' and 'Mentholatum Deep Heet'
being the ones he was able to identify right away.  There was also a jar of
'Tabasco' sauce, and one filled with Jalepeno pepper slices.

	"This ought to warm him up," said Gail, snapping on a pair of latex
gloves and reaching for the 'Icy-Hot'.  "Let's start with this," she said,
beginning to smear the noxious cream all over his penis and tightly extended
testicles.  He was unable to resist her ministrations, and he quickly began to
feel the intent of her actions.  His genitals began to feel the intense heat
generated by the chemical and he began to beg for mercy.

	"Don't be silly," said Gail.  "We're just getting started.  You've got a
long time to ride this particular little horse."  With this, she began to cover
his already steaming genitals with the 'Deep Heet'.  "And, when that begins to
affect you, we'll add the 'Tabasco' and top it all off with the juice from the
Jalapenos."

	His high-pitched screams began to drown out all other sound in the small
kitchen, but that didn't deter Gail from continuing to add to his torment.  When
all of the 'ingredients' were in place, she and Jenny relaxed and listened to
his screams.  It was apparent that the combination of ingredients were causing
him just about unbearable pain.  He was held so firmly by the ropes that all he
could do was dance at the end of his tether and hope the pain would pass.

	It did seem to have passed about a half-hour later, when his screams
subsided.  This motivated Gail to give him another application of the heat
inducing materials all over his freshly shaved genitals.  The screams seemed
louder the second time around, but this did not prevent her from covering his
cock and balls for a third and fourth time.  By the fourth time, he was simply
babbling, unable to even scream coherently, so Gail decided that four was enough
for now.  She simply let him hang there until the pain had apparently passed,
before releasing him, removing the alligator clips from his nipples and then
placing him in the shower for cleaning.   When the hot water of the shower hit
his genitals, he was induced to scream loudly once more.  The heat apparently
causing the chemicals to revisit his agony yet again.  When he finally was clean
and had stopped screaming, they returned him to his cot and spreadeagled him for
the night.

	While he slept, Gail and Jenny discussed the situation and decided that
they had plenty of video tape of his suffering.  They determined that they would
return him to the world by the next night and planned carefully the best way to
accomplish this.

	When morning came, they took him outside once more and tied him to a
tree branch by his thumbs.  They then stretched his ankles apart and fixed them
so that he was forced to dangle on tip-toe, most of the weight of his body on
his tightly secured thumbs.  Gail then secured his testicles in a loop of rope
and tied it round his neck so they were held securely in front of him. 
Retreiving the scrub brush she had used the day before, she began to
methodically beat his testicles until he could take no more.  Once this had been
accomplished, they left him to dangle in the sun for the balance of the day. 
Their goal being to make him so tired that he would be unable to resist their
preparations for his release.

	They cut him down at sunset and allowed him to have a meal of oatmeal
and bread.  Then they hog-tied him, his feet and wrists joined together, then
connected behind his back.  They did this with the plastic cuffs, so there was
no hope of his getting free.  Then he was placed into the trunk of Gail's sedan,
lying on a blanket for a modicum of comfort.  By ten p.m. they were packed and
on their way, heading for a small town they had selected which was over three
hundred miles away.

	At four a.m. they pulled up to a school at the outskirts of town. 
Driving carefully, they crossed the school's playground until they came up to a
monkey-bar climbing device, parked the car, and retrieved him from the trunk of
the car.  It was quite chilly in the early morning but they paid this fact no
mind.  They carried him to the inside of the monkey-bars and placed him
unceremoniously on the ground, his hands and feet still tied securely behind
him.  Gail, using a pair of gloves to prevent fingerprints, then placed one of
the plastic cuffs tightly around his genital package, pulling it just tight
enough to permit yet another cuff to be placed under it, then pulled up to go
over one of the bars of the playground device.  She secured him in place,
leaving just enough slack for his feet and hands to touch the ground, still
causing him discomfort from the cuff pulling his genitals high. 

	"Now, we'll leave you here," she said.  No one will discover you until
daylight, and then it will almost surely be a child coming to school.  The child
will not have a way to cut the plastic cuffs off you, so they'll have to get an
adult.  By this time you will have attracted quite an audience.  I'm going to
use duct tape to cover your eyes and mouth.  That way you'll be unable to see
what's going on or to attract attention to yourself.  I suggest you simply
wait...it shouldn't be more than four hours or so...and let what happens,
happen.  I'm going to add some clips to your nipples, and apply another dose of
'Icy-Hot' to your genitals, so that when the police are involved, which they
surely will be, it will be assumed, regardless of your protestations, that you
are the victim of a gay-bashing joke or some similar occurrence.  You can tell
them what we have done to you, but don't expect them to believe you.  We're a
long way from the cabin and no one will be able to trace our trail back to it. 
I think your best bet is to simply go along with the gay-bashing assumption. 
We're leaving your wallet nearby so you'll be able to buy some clothes and make
your way home, none the worse for wear."

	With this, Gail produced a pair of severe nipple clamps to torture his
nipples, then carefully applied 'Icy-Hot' to his cock and balls.  Then she
covered his eyes and mouth with duct tape and the two women left him to his
fate.  They agreed it would be fun to stick around and watch what happened to
him, but they couldn't risk it.  They drove away with the naked man struggling
with his predicament, knowing that no-one could ever connect them, or their
client to the situation.  They took a great deal of pleasure in imagining his
next four hours or so with the cold and loneliness, then his attempts to deal
with the police and citizens of this small town.  They were sure of one
thing...he was unlikely to ever harm another woman for the rest of his life.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sardonicus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





