BDSM Library - One Trick Pony




One Trick Pony
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A centerfold model meets a mysterious individual who taunts her with his sexuality.  She cannot avoid meeting him again only to fall under his spell and into sexual slavery.  She is transported to another country where she not only continues to serve her master but learns that he is a NOC, an intelligence agent working to penetrate terrorist cells.  He uses her as part of his cover and as a lure to the terrorists.  You can only imagine what happens.One Trick Pony   
Chapter 1  
 It was a blustery morning. She remembered that the wind had whipped her
  nose and ears in the few seconds it had taken for her to transit from the limousine
  to the imposing skyscraper that concealed one of the better known businesses
  in town. Lisa had just finished the morning photo shoot at a famous men's magazine
  located just off Shore Drive in Chicago and had a few hours to spare while
  the grips set up the afternoon session. She yearned to see a little bit of
  the windy city during the break.  
 "Anything good to see around here?" she asked the Kenny, the photographer.  
 He jerked his head around. "You are, darling. Why do you think I took so
  many pictures." And he was right. The black sequined dress she had recently
  covered herself with did not hide the svelte figure. Standing five feet ten
  inches tall and weighing little more than one hundred and ten pounds, Lisa's
  bee stung lips and magnificent breasts only added to her allure. The blonde
  mane cascading past her shoulders completed the look. If he hadn't been gay
  Kenny would've been in love with her himself. He only shrugged his shoulders
  when he saw her pout in return. "Closest place I can think of is Navy Pier," he
  responded. He eyed her closely. "Don't wander too far. We're on a tight time-line
  for this shoot."  
 "Oh, I'll be back in plenty of time." Lisa wrapped a fur coat around the
  expensive sequined dress and started for the door. "Seeya in a bit."  
 Outside the temperature was colder than she remembered. Shivering inside
  the coat she picked her way through the slush and snow toward Shore Drive.
  Her black leather boots offered some comfort and protection from the elements,
  but the three inch heels made the footing treacherous. Navy Pier loomed in
  the distance. Undeterred she plodded on.  
 I hope this is worth it, she thought to herself. A few yards away, one of
  the doors opened that gave access to the building. Throwing caution to the
  wind Lisa sprinted toward the opening. "Heat!" she muttered. "Damn, it's cold!" Inside
  the doorway the bitter wind was just a memory, the only evidence of its effect
  a spattering of water crystals on her coat that had congealed from her exhalations.
  She stamped her feet clean of the salt and snow.  
 Lisa ambled her way down the corridor, examining the window store fronts
  and boutiques that littered the concourse. Traffic was sparse, and except for
  the occasional couple walking in the opposite direction, the place seemed almost
  deserted. Rosy cheeked and comfortable she continued her journey.  
 The corridor seemed to go on interminably. However, just as she was getting
  ready to turn back, Lisa reached the vestibule on the far side of the building.
  Through the frost etched glass she looked out on Lake Michigan. Gray ice extended
  over a thousand yards until it was lost to the churning dark waters. Somber
  skies clouded down over the ice field and contributed to the funeral atmosphere.
  Lisa shuddered visibly at the sad tapestry. She imagined herself out there,
  falling through the ice. "I pity the poor person who has to be out there," she
  whispered.  
 "I do, too," a voice from behind her said. Lisa whirled around at the sound.  
 He was dressed in a gray suit and overcoat, a wine colored scarf of expensive
  wool wrapped loosely around his neck and tucked inside. A hint of stubble lined
  his face, a face her age, or maybe a few years older. His dark hair glistened,
  as if freshly brushed by snow and he flicked a gloved hand toward the small
  cow lick in front. The toothy smile seemed impervious to any cold. His hand
  came away from his face and half-waved to her. "I couldn't help overhearing.
  I was just thinking the same thing myself," he said.  
 Lisa felt troubled. Like she knew him from somewhere, but where? The face,
  with that sardonic smile, nagged at her. "I didn't hear you come up," she said,
  filling time while she tried to place the face. "Don't I know you?"  
 He chuckled. "I don't think so, unless you come here often. When I'm in
  town I sometimes stop here to get away from the world and contemplate why I'm
  still here."  
 She was unconvinced. "I feel like we've met before &ndash; like I've seen
  you somewhere ...." A look of astonishment crossed her face. "Oh! You're ...
  you're ... the movie!"  
 He laughed while loosening his scarf. "No, I'm afraid not," he finally said. "I
  get that a lot. At least I used to before he thought he could act and box.
  Now I don't know whether to be pleased or offended. That movie is almost twenty
  years old and he's in his late forties." He pursed his lips. "I am not in my
  forties! Although I did love the scene where he was feeding her while she was
  blindfolded. That and the scene with the whip and the handcuffs &ndash; that
  was a definite turn-on."  
 Lisa blushed. "I didn't mean it that way. I mean ... well, you can't hold
  it against me for thinking ...." She reddened further.  
 "Thinking what?" he countered.  
 "I don't know," she stammered. Lisa eyed the scarf, the ends of which were
  cupped loosely in his hands. She remembered the blindfold scene. An electric
  twinge coursed through her body, hardening her nipples and moistening her labia. "You
  said when you were in town. I guess, you're not from here," she replied, changing
  the subject.  
 "Born and raised here. I just travel a lot. And you?"  
 Lisa relaxed. "I'm doing some modeling."  
 He nodded. "That makes sense." He extended a hand. "My name's Jason. Jason
  Powell."  
 Lisa reached forward reluctantly. His hand was warm and soft, yet firm and
  dry. Her heart fluttered at the touch. "Lisa &ndash; Lisa Owensby," she responded.
  She pulled her hand away. "I've got to go."  
 Jason frowned. "What's the hurry?"  
 She looked away. "I've got to get back to work. The crew is probably ready
  and I don't want to be late." She left the vestibule and started down the corridor;
  then stopped. She turned back to find that he had not moved. "Listen ..."  
 "Jason," he interrupted.  
 That irritated Lisa. "Listen, Mr. Powell. I don't know what you were expecting,
  but &ndash;"  
 "I wasn't expecting anything." He smiled that toothy, sardonic grin.  
 The smile exasperated her even more. "You were trying to pick me up!" she
  complained.  
 He laughed out loud. "On the contrary, you 'accused' me of having movie
  star looks. Who was coming on to who?" Slowly and deliberately he repositioned
  the scarf about his neck. He pursed his lips, biting the lower one as if deep
  in thought. "I think you're afraid," he announced.  
 Lisa shrugged. "Afraid? Afraid of what?"  
 Jason raised an eyebrow, cocking it at her. "That you might like what you've
  found. That you might have to meet me halfway. That I might have something
  to offer you &ndash; to which you could not, or would not, want to say no."  
 Lisa drew herself up to her full five feet, ten inches in height, her breasts
  thrusting forward in defiance. "I'm not afraid; there's nothing to be afraid
  of. But I am curious. What do you have that you think is so special?" Her nostrils
  flared with the question.  
 Jason pulled a small gold case from a breast pocket. From it he extracted
  a business card. He walked up to Lisa and handed it to her. "You'll have to
  wait and see. Call the number." A smirk paraded across his face. "If you don't,
  you'll never know." He snapped the gold case closed and walked away.  
* * *  
 She fumed through the rest of the photo shoot. Whenever Kenny suggested
  a pose or change of background Lisa had to consciously avoid snapping his head
  off. Everyone on the crew noticed the change. The emotional coldness prompted
  an early end to the session.  
 Lisa almost didn't notice and certainly didn't care until Kenny called her
  over. "What's up?" he asked.  
 "What do you mean?" she replied.  
 Kenny blew up. "Never answer a question with a question. Especially when
  you're not paying the bills!" He waited expectantly.  
 The perky blonde was taken aback by the attack. "I'm sorry," she said. "I'm
  having a bad day."  
 The photographer wasn't buying it. "You were having a great day until lunchtime.
  I'll ask you again &ndash; what happened?"  
 Lisa's chin dropped. "I ... I ... I met this guy ...."  
 Kenny's jaw dropped. "You met a guy &ndash; and so what? You're a professional,
  for chrissake! Don't bring your personal life to the job!" He glowered at her.  
 She was on the edge of tears. "I'm not. I mean, I didn't. Hell, I don't
  even know the guy!" she explained in a rush. But the memories of the verbal
  exchange with Jason betrayed her. Her cheeks flushed and her nipples hardened &ndash; it
  was an instantaneous transformation &ndash; her body was giving her away! "He
  came on to me over at Navy Pier," she finished lamely.  
 The photographer shook his head in disgust. "I don't know what he said,
  but it's had an obvious effect on you." He paused. "Hell, I don't know whether
  it's even worth it to try another session." He drew her chin level with his
  and made eye contact. "You need to fix whatever is broken, and right away.
  I can't go to the editor and tell him that a month's work has gone down the
  drain because you've got the hots for some guy."  
 Lisa was astonished. "I never said I felt anything for him &ndash; I said
  he came on to me. I'm not involved with him."  
 Kenny shook his head once more. "Your lips are moving, but you're lying.
  These say it all," he finished as he tweaked her still turgid nipples. "I may
  be gay, but I'm not stupid. Like I said, fix it." He pointed at his watch. "I'll
  expect a phone call no later than nine o'clock tomorrow morning. If not ...." He
  didn't finish, but instead stalked back toward his equipment.  
 Her gaze followed him across the room. Oh, shit, she thought to herself.  
* * *  
 The door was unlocked. Lisa dismissed the cabbie with a wave of her hand.
  The vehicle's gleaming yellow paint disappeared in the distance. What am I
  getting myself into, she thought again to herself. Why did I come?  
 She knew the answer before she asked the question. There was something different
  about Jason. Something special. The something she had to know about &ndash; correction &ndash; that
  she was about to find out about. An uncontrollable shiver went up her back.
  She opened the door.  
 It wasn't a mansion, but it wasn't a hovel either. Occupying at least two
  floors, the expanse of the foyer betrayed the fact that Jason Powell was a
  fairly wealthy man. An ornate staircase as well as two corridors led away from
  the entrance. Lisa marveled that a person so young could afford such ostentatious
  quarters. The samarai warrior's armor tucked in an alcove near the doorway
  gave some notice of its owner's history. I wonder what he does for a living,
  she wondered.  
 "I'm a licensed troubleshooter." The words echoed in the room. She looked
  up the staircase toward the sound. Jason stood near what appeared to be a family
  portrait, leaning on the railing. "That's if you're wondering how I can afford
  this. Really, I can't &ndash; it is part of an inheritance &ndash; but that's
  how I can afford to maintain it." His gaze penetrated the distance between
  them and seemed to sear her soul.  
 "I'm sure," she murmured in response as he came down the stairs.  
 "Can I take your clothes?" he asked.  
 The question caught her off guard. "You mean my coat, don't you?"  
 "No. I meant your clothes. I have something else for you to wear." He smiled.
  It was a friendly smile meant to reassure. "Don't be afraid. I won't do anything
  to hurt you or displease you."  
 Lisa flashed a frown. "I told you &ndash; I'm not afraid. But I didn't come
  here to fall into bed. I came here to ... to ... to try and understand what
  is going on between us." She flushed at the thought that immediately invaded
  her consciousness. "I don't deny that you're attractive, but I am my own person.
  I don't know that I need someone else right now in my life." Her eyes fell
  toward the floor.  
 "But you came here just the same."  
 "Yes ... yes, I did. But for my own reasons."  
 Jason grinned. "And they are?"  
 "I just told you. I want to understand what is going on here."  
 Jason shrugged. "That will only happen if you follow my instructions."  
 "And that means disrobing?" Lisa grimaced. "I wasn't prepared for that.
  I'll just go." She started for the door.  
 "Lisa!" Her name rang throughout the house, stopping her. "I didn't ask
  you to go naked. I'm asking you to change."  
 "And if I won't?"  
 "Then I'll call a cab for you."  
 She shook her blonde tresses in an intoxicating way, hesitating in thought,
  conflict etched in her eyes. Lisa finally took a deep breath and turned back
  toward Jason. Why am I doing this? The sigh was loud enough for Jason to hear. "Where
  do I change?" she asked.  
 A leather bustier and pants lay on the upstairs bed in apparently what was
  a guest room. A pair of black ankle boots with four inch heels was placed conveniently
  nearby. Lisa grinned. I can guess what his kink is, she thought. I wonder what's
  next. Ready to find out, it took her only moments to don the leather, leaving
  her panties buried under the pile of her discarded outer garments.  
 "Where's the whip?" she muttered. "I'll make him pay!"  
 Jason stood in the doorway. "You don't get a whip with that outfit," he
  said quietly. As low as it was, it still carried throughout the room.  
 Lisa put her hands on her hips. "Why not?" she asked defiantly. "You've
  got me dressed up like some dominatrix!"  
 "Because you won't be able to lift it." He held the wool scarf in his hands. "Turn
  around," he commanded, advancing into the room.  
 "What's that for?" she asked, although she knew the answer. Her nipples
  hardened and she felt the first of her pussy juices begin to moisten the leather
  splayed between her legs. "Do we really need that?"  
 "Turn around." He waited.  
 Sighing some more, Lisa slowly turned. She waited expectantly.  
 Nothing happened.  
 She looked back over her shoulder.  
 Jason frowned. "You were told to turn around. You should do as you're told."  
 Lisa pouted. "It's not like I was cheating."  
 He whispered. "No, not cheating. But you want instant gratification. That
  only happens in a perfect world. Haven't you heard that the best things come
  to those who wait." His warm breath teased her ear. The moisture from his exhalations
  tickled and excited her. Lisa closed her eyes.  
 "No, open them. And look straight ahead." The words demanded instant compliance
  and she met the test.  
 After what seemed like hours, but was only minutes, the scarf drifted over
  her left shoulder and was brought up across her eyes. Gently, but firmly, he
  tied the scarf off behind her head.  
 "I think we're supposed to be in the kitchen," she mouthed softly. She could
  hear him breathing behind her, and felt the weight of his fingers on her shoulder.  
 "Sshhhh," he whispered. "Don't speak. Listen." He thought for a second. "Don't
  touch. Feel. Don't hear. Experience." He stepped away.  
 There was a rustling at her side. Jason slid what felt like a leather glove
  over her left hand and up her arm past her elbow. "Is it black?" she asked.
  Jason did not respond. The next glove went over her other hand and extended
  past the right elbow. She pinched a finger and thumb together and marveled
  at the texture and thinness of the leather. The smell joined that of the bustier
  and the pants to envelope her senses. She reveled in the sensuousness of it
  all.  
 She felt him grasp her gloved hands and swing them forward and backward.
  She tried to clench them, but he opened her hands each time. She tried to hold
  his hands and he responded by freeing himself at every attempt. "Relax," he
  whispered. "Relax."  
 Lisa relaxed, hands dangling until Jason, standing behind her, pulled them
  behind her back. There was a tug on her hands and she was not sure because
  of the gloves but she thought they were covered with some sort of material.
  Seconds later her palms were drawn together by some sort of restraint.  
 Opening her eyes behind the blindfold she could see nothing. A rustling
  sound betrayed the movement of more material up her arms. Finally she recognized
  two leather belts being thrown across her shoulders and crisscrossed in front
  of her. She tensed when she heard the leather slide against metal and heard
  the sound of a zipper closing simultaneously with pressure drawing her elbows
  together. "Jason, what are you doing?" she cried.  
 There was no response. Instead she felt the leather straps, for that was
  what they were &ndash; not belts, tighten and draw the single sleeve further
  up her arms. The feeling of helplessness, rather than inspiring fear, caused
  her to secrete more juice from her wet pussy. Her clit tingled as doubt turned
  to anticipation. What was he up to?  
 Other straps rustled and the single glove tightened further until the leather
  was taut at every point along her arms. The cocoon of leather strained her
  muscles provoking feeble attempts at adjusting the garment. It was relentless.
  It did not yield relief.  
 Yet her moist pussy was evidence that she exulted in the confinement. As
  if to acknowledge his success, Jason whispered in her ear again as he rubbed
  a hand against the slight leather indentation that framed her pussy lips. "I
  see you are wet ... very wet." He took his hand away. "Don't worry, this is
  just the beginning."  
 Lisa grunted. "Don't tease me," she complained.  
 "Ssshhh."  
 "Obviously you don't understand what I nee&ndash; Mmmmppphhhffft!" Her complaint
  was suddenly interrupted by the insertion of an object in her mouth. Her tongue
  played over its surface as it was drawn deeper into her mouth. Why was he gagging
  her? The tip of the object stopped its penetration at the entrance to her throat.
  Its bloated length was enhanced by various ridges and imperfections. Lisa did
  not have to imagine what it was, she knew. It was a penis gag. "Mmmmppphhhfffffttttt!" she
  sounded. Its size prevented any meaningful speech. "Mmmmppphhhfffppptttt." The
  sound died in her throat.  
 "Now, that's much better," Jason teased.  
 "Mmmmmppphhhhfffttttt!" Lisa swung the single glove about trying to release
  herself. "Mmmmmppphhhhffftttt!"  
 "I know. I know. But it's for your own good," he said. "I need to maintain
  focus so that you have the best experience possible." He chuckled.  
 "Mmmmppphhhhfffffttttt!"  
 "Yes, I know," he smoothed. "Work with me here."  
 "Mmmmppphffftttttt."  
 Silence. Lisa felt Jason touching her leather bustier. She swung her shoulder
  into him. "Mmmmpphhffftttt!" The movement knocked his hands away.  
 "Hmmm. I guess I'll have to teach you the value of teamwork." His footsteps
  faded to another part of the room.  
 Suddenly Lisa heard a metallic sound down by her encased hands. Something
  quickly pulled the bottom of the single sleeve up until she was bent over,
  perched precariously forward. Just as quickly her legs were yanked apart and
  kept that way by some other form of restraint. The sudden movement caused the
  leather cushioning her cunt to flex and release her juices down her right thigh.
  Lisa moaned; the only sound making its way from her throat the guttural rumble
  of sexual frustration.  
 "There we go." Jason stepped back to admire his captive. "Now, let's see.
  Where was I?" He moved around and untied the blindfold. "No need for this now.
  I want to see those pretty eyes."  
 Lisa stared at Jason. But for the rubber penis in her mouth she would have
  frowned and shouted. But that was not to be. Drool penetrated past the bee-stung
  feature and spread slowly down her chin.  
 "Tsk, tsk. You need to exercise better control." The smirk confirmed his
  amusement. "However, now I think we need to concern ourselves with some changes
  in your wardrobe." Jason opened a dresser drawer and pulled forth a set of
  medical technician shears. "Don't worry. These can cut through just about anything." Yet
  even as sharp as they were, it took several minutes to cut away the bustier
  and pants. A patina of sweat complemented Jason's efforts by the time he was
  finished. He stepped back to admire the view.  
 Lisa glared back at him. "Mmmmpphhhffftttt!" Silence. "Mmmfffppphhhttt!" No
  response.  
 Jason smiled. Lisa's titties swayed precariously in front of him. He reached
  forward and massaged each nipple, gratified when they hardened at his touch.
  Unable to move away Lisa moaned into her gag and drooled as the sexual heat
  of the moment stimulated every nerve in her body. She wanted fulfillment. At
  that moment she wanted to cum.  
 He stopped playing with her breasts and walked around behind her. Try as
  she might Lisa could not keep him in sight. His fingers fondled her bottom
  cheeks, followed by his hands gripping and releasing her ass. Lisa leaned backward
  as far as she could to encourage him, because that was all she could do.  
 Jason thrust two fingers into her pussy, and felt more than heard Lisa gasp.
  The gag stifled the mews and moans of approaching orgasm. Lisa shuddered. The
  fingers withdrew. "Not yet, precious, not yet," he murmured.  
Chapter 2  
 Not yet! Patience! He wants me to be patient? I shifted my weight from one
  leg to the other as much as my bonds and the pole spreading my legs would allow.
  The deep ache funneling its way through my body kept building. I had been teased
  before &ndash; in fact it's why I broke up with Casey &ndash; but this! There
  was no comparison. My shoulders ached from the tightness of the sleeve, but
  my pussy ached worse.  
 Drawing air through my nostrils was like breathing through a straw. I knew
  my pussy lips were fluttering &ndash; I was clenching them in anticipation
  of a swollen cock, and if I could see it, my clit was a bright red bud. Fuck
  me! Please fuck me!  
 But he didn't fuck me. I couldn't even see him; he was still behind me somewhere
  and out of my sight. Every so often I could feel a gentle caress, just enough
  to let me know he hadn't forgotten me.  
 My mouth was starting to get dry. The rubber cock was unforgiving and it
  failed to respond to the tentative licks I gave it while trying to lubricate
  my throat. Right now, if it had been Jason's cock, I would have bitten it off
  in frustration.  
 I felt giddy and light-headed and sensitive and on fire. I thought back
  to other times, other moments when I had reached this point. I wanted release!
  Jason! Don't torture me like this! My mental screams went unanswered; my frustrated
  grunts were ignored. When will this end?  
 "Are you still awake, Lisa?" he asked.  
 As if I could sleep right now.  
 "I think it's time for the next step."  
 Thank God! I wiggled my ass and my heart pounded faster &ndash; at least
  I thought it did. I felt more fluid ooze from my sex. It was as if he had wound
  a coil tighter deep inside me. Yes!  
 Jason walked around in front of me and over to the dresser. Opening a drawer
  he withdrew a pair of gloves. What now? Am I going to be part of some medical
  experiment? He turned and came back to me and waved the gloves in front of
  my muffled face. Actually, when I examined the one to my left, I realized I
  had been the object of attention of a similar glove. The mink fur brought warm
  thoughts of cold wintry nights where my skin was buffed to a pampered state;
  however, it was the glove on the right that brought a gasp of fear and a look
  of fright. The glove was rubber. Along its palm and fingers protruded a multitude
  of small, sharp tack-like protrusions. The metal ends glinted in the light.  
 No! I cried. But to my ears, and undoubtedly to Jason's, all I heard was, "Nommppfft!"  
 Jason smiled, bastard that he was. "Just 'bare' with me," he punned. "I'll
  be with you in a second." With that he brushed the rubber glove against my
  neck. The grip of the tiny needles was light but noticeable as the glove raked
  my exposed skin. I shuddered in response. But strangely, my pussy reacted in
  quite a different fashion. I felt even more fluid crest my lips and lubricate
  my passage.  
 Again Jason walked behind me and out of my sight. Much to my disgust, it
  only increased my excitement! Please ... do something, I thought. My pussy
  aches. My tits ache. Just do something!  
 I was totally exposed. Bent over, I was ripe for the taking, but still Jason
  made no move to fuck me. Maybe he's gay, I thought to myself. Maybe he's getting
  even for all the pussy he couldn't get. But in almost the same second I dismissed
  those thoughts. He's so good looking he could have just about any woman he
  wanted. I imagined his cock inside me. And right now I want him bad!  
 I heard the smack of the rubber glove going on his hand. My eyes went wide
  with, I don't know: fear, terror, lust ... excitement? There was nothing I
  could do but wait.  
 The first touch was tantalizing. It was almost as if air had brushed my
  left ass cheek. But it wasn't air. It was the mink glove. I sighed with contentment
  and, almost as a reflex, gave the rubber cock in my mouth a grateful lick.  
 The touch became more persistent. I could feel the fur as Jason pressed
  his appendage more firmly against my ass and then trailed it down my inner
  thigh. It reignited the sexual flame that had dwindled during his foray for
  the glove and raised my frustration to a new level. I tried to mentally will
  myself into orgasm &ndash; to cheat him as he tortured me. I failed.  
 Jason swiped my ass with rubber glove. I shrieked a scream muffled by the
  gag that echoed only in my brain. I jumped forward and, but for the line above
  my body that suspended me by the single glove, I would have fallen. Tears welled
  up in my eyes and I groaned, or rather grunted, my pain. Why is he doing this
  to me? My tears drowned out sight.  
 I felt the mink glove slide over my abused skin. The gentle pressure diffused
  the nervous system response to the attack and instead imparted a warm glow
  to the area. Fire and ice. It's like tormenting me with fire and ice, I thought.
  Evaluating my 'wound' I also noticed something else. My pussy was on fire with
  want and a need for fulfillment. How can this be? Worse &ndash; how could Jason
  know?  
 I tried to distance myself from it all. I tried to think of other times
  and other places where I had achieved the sexual fulfillment I only dreamed
  of now. I tried to think of those times when I had pleasured myself and directed
  my pleasure at the expense of others. Unconsciously I began to work the rubber
  cock in mouth, fluttering my tongue along its ridges and imagined it satisfying
  my sexual fire. I gripped the rubber lightly with my teeth and coerced its
  movement, at least as much as the gag straps allowed. It became my link to
  the orgasm I so craved.  
 The rubber glove brushed my inner thigh. It wasn't painful. It was a reminder
  that my most sensitive areas lay completely exposed to Jason's touch. The glove
  stroked the other thigh. I did not respond. The ache deep inside me could not
  be seen. I would not let him see me respond to the pain he inflicted on its
  cover.  
 The glove became more insistent, alluding to a moment when it might try
  to grip my skin. I tried to ignore it, but I could not. I realized now I both
  wanted and hated the pain it could bring. To avoid it I moved away as much
  as I could. But I also demonstrated the desire it brought by wiggling my ass
  in invitation. The betrayal was complete.  
 The rubber glove moved away. In its place the mink glove moved up and down
  my leg, occasionally brushing the thatched entrance to my sex. Every time it
  touched my pussy it seemed to hesitate, as if the burrow between my legs would
  be its ultimate resting place. Each time it touched I shuddered in anticipation.
  At least if I can't have his cock, his hand can provide the pleasure I need.  
 The erotic stimulus ceased. I heard no movement and I could not see what
  Jason was doing behind me. Fear made its way back into my brain. I stood motionless,
  praying not to provoke another attack. A minute passed. And then another. I
  stopped thinking about my sopping pussy and the engorged sentinel that guarded
  its entrance. The pain in my shoulders from the rigorous truss of the single
  glove and the huge penis gag in my mouth began to intrude. The sexual fire
  began to fade. I stomped a leather encased foot in frustration. In retrospect,
  that was a mistake.  
 I felt the metal spikes penetrate my pussy lips and scrape my clit as Jason
  cupped my sex. Although gentle, it felt as though I had been pierced along
  every millimeter of skin. To my credit, I didn't jump. The rebound would have
  caused excruciating pain and probably done permanent damage. However, every
  nerve in my body snapped. I felt along every ridge and dip in my body. I felt
  my breasts swell up, strands of my hair move across my spinal column and the
  cuticles of my toes absorb moisture from my perspiration soaked feet. I was
  alive! I both reveled in and shrank from the pain. My back arched and I felt
  what I am sure was an orgasm. Only different from any other that I'd felt before.  
 My mouth cushioned and comforted the rubber cock in my mouth. I returned
  what I had been given. I searched for more truth and hoped the search would
  never end. Indeed, I bridged the gap between life and creation.  
 The rubber glove stayed in place for several minutes. Almost mindlessly
  I began to press my sex against it and just as quickly it was withdrawn. I
  knew, just as Jason now did, that I had reached a plateau far beyond the pain.
  I exulted in it and welcomed it.  
 However, I did not yet understand who was in control. Jason did.  
 Quietly, almost in a whisper, but in a voice I will never forget Jason responded
  to my sexual body language. "We've only just begun," he said with calm authority. "I
  will take you where you have never gone before, and where few others have ventured.
  You must trust me and understand that, whatever happens, I am sacrificing more
  than you. You will have no control over what happens to you, but in exercising
  that control I have given something even more precious. In time you will find
  out what that is."  
 Jason came around in front of me and lifted my chin with the mink gloved
  hand. "Before I give you the most satisfying physical release you will ever
  know, there are two more steps." My mouth played with the rubber cock in response,
  something Jason did not fail to notice. "In time I will give you a gag that
  is much sweeter and more satisfying than the one you now wear." Jason's enigmatic
  smile filled me with both trepidation and elation. If I could have smiled I
  would have. Instead I sucked hard on the rubber cock.  
I could have been mistaken, but I thought Jason returned the effort with
  a twinkle of his eye.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sirius


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





