BDSM Library - Short Stories for Slave abby




Short Stories for Slave abby
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: abby (registered slave 430811, cllrdndcffd) is my online slave, and this is a collection of vignettes written for her.   I will add to them as I write more for her.Short Stories for Slave abby   
A Long Wait for Slave abby  
There is a hole in the ground, a narrow hole about 3ft deep. 
At the top of the hole there is a winding mechanism, attached to a firm metal
  plate, which is in turn securely fastened to the ground. 
Slave abby is standing nearby. She is dressed in a 1-piece rubber suit that
  covers her from her neck to her feet. She wears a collar around her neck, and
  the zipper of the suit is padlocked to the collar, which is itself padlocked
  shut. There is no escape for slave abby from the suit now. There is no access
  to her privates, either. The only concession to her basic physical needs, is
  a catheter that is inserted into her urinary tract. The tube bifurcates and
  when she pees, will carry the fluid equally into two bags that are fastened
  inside the rubber suit at the hips. Her Owner holds the only key to the suit. 
Slave abby watches as The Owner removes the casing of the winding mechanism.
  The mechanism has a spindle onto which a string is wound. The string is carried
  along an arm so that it will dangle directly down the centre of the hole. There
  is a ratchet mechanism on the spindle so that the string will not run back
  down into the hole if the power should be cut off for any reason. The Owner
  hangs a bunch of keys onto the hook at the end of the string. Slave abby knows
  that the key to her collar and suit are in that bunch. The Owner releases the
  ratchet, and the keys fall rapidly to the bottom of the pit. 
There is a speed setting, but slave abby cannot see where The Owner has set
  it. The Owner then replaces the casing of the mechanism. This is a most ingenious
  piece of design. 
It covers everything except the on/off switch (after all, slave abby is not
  going to want to interfere with that particular control, since all she can
  do is delay her release by doing so). It covers the arm along which the string
  runs (and by doing so ensures that the string will not snag on anything). It
  covers the hole itself, and it has a trapdoor that sits over the mouth of the
  hole, with a slit cut in it so that the string will run smoothly through. The
  only opening is on one side of the hole, where the keys can be retrieved once
  the winding mechanism has done its job. Slave abby might think that she could
  reach into this aperture and catch the string with her fingers, but she would
  be wrong. In doing so, she would certainly be able to lift the keys up the
  tunnel, but when they push open the trapdoor, she would suddenly find her fingers
  caught as the trapdoor opens, and in so doing closes off the opening in the
  side of the casing. The keys can only be accessed once they have been hoisted
  fully clear of the trapdoor. 
Once the casing is in place, The Owner demonstrates the final piece of the
  diabolical scheme that he has devised. 
The casing itself is padlocked down, and of course the keys to those padlocks
  are also on the bunch that now rests at the bottom of the hole. There is no
  way, now, to affect the amount of time that slave abby must wait for her release,
  except to turn the machine on or off. The Owner turns the machine on. Turning
  it off can only delay slave abby's release. 
The Owner says, "Now you must wait six, or nine, or twelve hours. No amount
  of pleading can alter the time you have to wait, because it is all set within
  the machine, and cannot be changed now. You will have to be careful, because
  those bags are not very big and might burst if you pee too much." 
The Owner turns away to go about his business, leaving slave abby to stare
  at the machine that holds her captive in her rubber suit. Already she feels
  the need to pee, as the knowledge of the need for restraint only heightens
  the wish to go... 
Slave 430811, abby, responded, "this story almost made me cum" 
&nbsp; 
Music to Suit Slave abby  
The Owner calls slave abby to his study. She knows what is expected of her:
  she knocks twice and waits for his call. He is not busy, it seems, for the
  call comes instantaneously this time: "Enter!" 
Slave abby opens the door and takes one step inside, no further, just as
  she has been told many times in the past. She adopts her submissive, waiting
  pose: feet together, hands clasped loosely in front of her, head bowed towards
  the floor. 
Today, the Owner has had her tie her hair into twin pony-tails on either
  side of her head. It is such a childish way for an adult to be wearing her
  hair. As she waits in her pose, slave abby's hair hangs down on either side
  of her face in front of her and she feels the burning flush of humiliation
  afresh. She remembers again that it is just such emotion that the owner likes
  to induce in her, and she finds that she is happy to feel humiliated, because
  it pleases him. 
"Close the door, and come here," commands the Owner in his usual calm, unhurried
  and quiet tones. he rarely raises his voice but speaks with a simple, relaxed
  authority. Slave abby can sometimes only tell that he is displeased with her
  by a slight edge that creeps into his voice. 
The Owner is reclining in his easy chair, not sitting at his deask as so
  often when slave abby enters. On his coffee table she sees rubber clothing.
  Not, she notes, items designed to cover much flesh. She is therefore ready
  in anticipation of his next command. 
"Strip, and put these on," The Owner says, just as slave abby had predicted.
  She knows, now, better than to pre-empt his orders though. he has always had
  a tendency to change his plans if it seems that she has guessed them already,
  and always he changes them to the detriment of his slave when that happens.
  Now that the order is given, though, slave abby gladly obeys. 
There is very little for her to remove. She was not allowed to put any underwear
  on this morning, and nor does she have anything on her feet. In fact, the only
  garment she has to remove to be completely naked is the long woollen sweater
  that she is wearing. Its length is the only concession to any sense of modesty
  she might have &ndash; and of course, she knows that her modesty is entirely
  irrelevant. So, all she has to do is remove the sweater. 
Slave abby knows the Owner's preference. Even when he has her strip only
  as a means to an end, he prefers to see her take her time and make it slow
  and sensuous for him. 
Since she has not been told to adopt any other posture, she knows she must
  keep her legs together and as straight as possible. She reaches down to the
  bottom of the sweater and gently begins to draw it upwards over her thighs,
  bunching it her hands as she goes. 
As her hands lift over her hips, she feels the coldness of the air on her
  pussy. She is sure that the Owner will see that she is already damp there,
  in anticipation of what will come next. She thinks she has recognised one of
  the garments on the table awaiting her, and she has happy memories of its use.
  The problem is, she is not sure if this involuntary sign of desire and anticipation
  will draw any punishment from the Owner. It will do no good to try to avoid
  it, however, so she steadies herself and continues slowly to reveal her bare
  skin, enjoying the feel of the soft wool as it slides over her body. She knows
  that she should not be doing it like this, because the order was not given
  for her pleasure, but there are times (like this one) when she cannot resist
  the sensation. As the wool travels over the mounds of her bosom, stroking her
  nipples all the while, she sees in the Owner's eyes that he has missed neither
  her unwanted arousal nor her disobedience in pleasuring herself with the wool. 
With a sinking feeling in her stomach, knowing that she will face the Owner's
  corrective attentions, she finishes the deed, pulling the sweater over her
  head and demurely allowing it to fall at her feet, making as small and tidy
  a heap of it as she can without bending downwards. She returns briefly to her
  submissive pose. 
Before she can proceed to the coffee table, the Owner speaks, "I saw what
  you did. Because I have planned this for a while, I will defer the punishment
  until this evening. As you know, a deferred punishment is double." 
"Please, Master..." stammers slave abby, "Please punish me now!" 
The owner simply shakes his head and gestures to the table. There is nothing
  for slave abby to do but to put on the rubber bra and panties she finds there. 
The panties she thinks she knows. They are designed with buttplug and dildo
  in place, and she believes that somewhere about his person the Owner has the
  remote control that triggers the vibrations in these protuberances. Eagerly
  she slips them on, skilfully positioning the inserts so that they go perfectly
  into her holes. The buttplug is painful, for she was not aware that she would
  need to lubricate herself there, but she is practised at this and relaxes herself
  s much as she can to fit her anal ring around the rubber intruder. Of course,
  she is wet already for the dildo so that slides in with no trouble. As they
  settle in place, she adjusts the position of the panties to help them find
  a good position. She is feeling stretched in both holes, and even hurting a
  little in her behind, but it is in a comfortable way &ndash; or at least, a
  way to which she has grown accustomed. She realises that these panties are
  not quite the same as the pair with which she is familiar. They feel different
  over her groin, and she is not quite sure why. She puts the puzzle from her
  mind as she puts on the bra. 
The Owner rises from his chair to help her, it seems, but that would be very
  odd. Normally he merely watches as slave abby does it for herself. 
The reason is soon apparent. The bra straps require a padlock to fasten them
  together at the back. This is a garment that slave abby will not be able to
  remove without the Owner's use of the key. Slave abby observes also the extra
  straps that hang down her front and back. The front one starts between her
  breasts, and bifurcates to either side of her crotch. She cannot tell what
  the back one does, but it feels like it is a similar arrangement, linked at
  either side of the central padlocked fastening. 
The eyelets that on the more familiar pair of panties were used for attaching
  chains now provide points for the attachment of the straps hanging down from
  the bra. Padlocks again provide the means of doing so, and now slave abby finds
  herself unable to remove either garment without the Owner's consent and use
  of the keys. Slave abby is more puzzled than ever. She still cannot quite figure
  out what is different about these panties, although she thinks that there is
  slightly more weight and more thickness to them over her mons veneris than
  she is to feeling there. 
The Owner does have a remote control, but it is not for the panties. It is
  for the stereo system in the room. This is a state-of-the-art sound system,
  and carries much more power than is required to fill the room adequately. But
  the Owner likes to have loud music playing sometimes. Now, it seems, is one
  of those times. 
A huge crash of sound fills the room, and slave abby jumps. But it is not
  only at the sudden volume, but because her arse, her pussy, her nipples and
  her clit were all assaulted by sensation, almost as if by electricity. The
  dildo and buttplug throbbed with the bass, her nipples fizzed with the treble,
  and the mid-range strummed across her clit. As the single chord fades, slave
  abby knows exactly what is different about her panties before the Owner speaks. 
"As you see, there are vibrators in your bra and panties that respond to
  different ranges of sound. A lot of signal processing goes into the effect,
  but in general, the louder the noise, the bigger the vibrations, and the higher
  the pitch, the higher the frequency of the vibrations. Your butt and pussy
  will feel the bass instruments best; your clit will feel the middle registers
  best, and your nipples will enjoy the higher notes." 
Slave abby whimpers. The Owner has devised a way to combine two of his great
  pleasures. Music, and slave abby. And she is sure that she will perform a unique
  dance for him now, as he cues up the stereo with his favourite tracks. Just
  as she expects, the owner retires to his easy chair again, and flicks the control. 
He has chosen a piece he knows well, and that will stimulate at various times
  every part of slave abby. It is a symphony, and slave abby has never known
  him to listen to a piece in his study without letting it play to the end. She
  will be driven wild for an hour or more, and all for his entertainment. She
  whimpers again as the slow, quiet opening plays through, just gently teasing
  her with the soft touch of the vibrators &ndash; hardly moving at all, they
  lightly massage her nipples. Deeper instruments join in, and the music begins
  to row a little louder. She knows this piece. It will keep her hanging on the
  edge, desperate to come, throughout the first movement. The owner has chosen
  well, because the second movement starts fortissimo. As she begins to melt
  into the caresses of her costume, she can see the whole piece playing out before
  her...she can see herself coming, she can see how many times, at what points
  in the music, and she can see how she will writhe with desperation through
  the passages in between. She knows that the owner has planned this so carefully,
  in the most minute detail, to play her just as if she was another instrument
  in the orchestra... 
Slave 430811, abby, responded, "i adored that story. it made me
      cringe. it is so humiliating!"  
Music to Suit Slave abby (part 2)  
Slave abby is woken by the sensation of the owner's fingernails lightly scraping
  over the welts from his caning of her last night. She whimpers from the reminder
  of the pain that blazed to create them in the first place. 
The Owner always has her sleep on her front when he has caned her hard, as
  he did for the deferred punishment regarding her illicit pleasure in stripping
  yesterday. She is not given covers, but has the heating in her room turned
  up so that she can be safe and snug without. The owner has explained to her
  in the past, that this is not for her comfort. Of course not! No, it is to
  allow him even in the middle of the night to inspect and admire the product
  of his handiwork with the cane. The light remains on in the room, of course,
  and slave abby must sleep with a blindfold to prevent it keeping her awake.
  Her wrists are shackled to the head of the bed and her ankles at the toe end.
  Other arrangements are possible when there has not been a caning in the day,
  and the Owner is most particular about ensuring that he uses other punishments
  if he has specific plans for slave abby's sleeping arrangements. 
The Owner releases slave abby's limbs one at a time, finally tying her hands
  behind her back and lifting her to her feet. She hardly needs him to guide
  her to the bathroom for her morning ablutions, she has walked it blindfold
  so many times. 
Once she is clean, slave abby is returned to her room where finally the blindfold
  is removed, and her hands freed. This is the moment at which she discovers
  what the Owner wishes her to wear today. 
She almost weeps when she sees what he has chosen. Her punished behind will
  scream with agony under the itchiest wool suit in her wardrobe. The Owner had
  her knit it herself, and she knows just how punishing it can be. She turns
  her eyes pleadingly towards the Owner, but his face is cold and stony. Close
  to tears, she reaches out and lifts the suit. 
Beneath it is the set of musical underwear from yesterday. The cool rubber
  will surely not be as harsh on her welts as the wool might have been, but it
  will press harder and tighter. There will be no escape from the constant agonising
  reminder of last night's beating. To be made to perform her lewd dance of arousal
  and multiple orgasms, as she had done yesterday, while still feeling the horrid
  burning of her punished arse &ndash; she can scarcely bear the thought. She
  knows again that the owner is as cruel as she ever wished him to be &ndash; and
  more so. She chose him above all others, and she loves to feel his will exerted
  on her, but the price he makes her pay is more than she had ever realised when
  she agreed to wear his collar. 
She winces as the rubber presses against her injured buttocks and the inserts
  slide into her body (she knows now why the Owner bothered to lube her anus
  before bringing her back here). She is barely able to keep from fidgeting as
  the Owner locks her into the music suit. She knows that if she does, she will
  be punished again, and it will most likely be another deferred punishment because
  this outfit is clearly intended for a specific plan. 
Then slave abby puts on her wool suit. It is designed so that it looks decent
  and respectable to the outside world, and gives no clue as to its demonic effect
  on its occupant. The collar of the suit fits over slave abby's collar, hiding
  it from those who would not understand. The zipper padlocks to her collar,
  making it impossible for her to remove it. Almost at once, the wool begins
  to scratch and itch. 
Slave abby follows the Owner downstairs and looks hopefully towards the kitchen.
  But she has been allowed to sleep late, and missed breakfast. She is thankful
  that she was allowed to eat well the evening before. Then she wonders how much
  the Owner has planned in advance, how long his carefully choreographed scheme
  will go on &ndash; and how long ago he might have planned it. She does not
  have long to ponder these questions, though. The Owner's agenda will not be
  delayed. 
She swallows heavily when she sees that he is standing in the hallway, and
  has pulled on his overcoat. She never expected to be going out in public today,
  but his words leave no doubt: "Come on, petal, we are going shopping!" He has
  explained that he calls her petal in public because it is a term of endearment
  where he comes from, and also because the first syllable is "pet". And she
  is in many ways like a pet to him. She likes those times where he lets her
  curl up beside him on the sofa like a cat, or lie at his feet like a contented,
  well-behaved bitch. She took the name "pet" to herself, he often reminds her,
  so she must fulfil that role whenever he desires. 
Slave abby slips on a pair of shoes and a light jacket that the owner selects
  for her, and then they step out into the world beyond. 
Normally, the owner likes to be chauffeur-driven by his slave, but today
  he takes the wheel himself. Poor slave abby soon discovers why: it is not only
  music that will trigger the sensors in her music suit. The sound of the car
  engine starting sets off the dildo and buttplug. As the drive in to town, she
  soon discovers that her clitoris and nipples will not escape attention either:
  as the engine climbs in revs, so does the pitch and so the focus of the vibrations
  in slave abby's body shifts. There is always a bass-y note to the sound that
  keeps the dildo and buttplug ticking over even at high revs. But as the engine
  note shifts, first the clit vibrator becomes strongest and then the nipple
  vibrators. Slave abby cannot possibly be allowed to drive in the music suit,
  and this is soon demonstrated. She is hopelessly aroused as the Owner turns
  the car into the multi-storey car park, and she feels the vibrations focus
  once more in her nether regions as the Owner runs at low revs to find a parking
  space. The car park is busy today, and she is silently pleading for a space
  to open up before she orgasms. She is long past the point now where the itching
  is an impediment to her arousal, and the same goes for the stripes of pain
  on her backside. On the contrary, they have been adding to it and in reality
  she has no hope. Even before they climb out of the car, slave abby has cum.
  Perhaps it is for the best, though. If she had cum after getting out of the
  car, there would have been several witnesses. 
She grips tightly on the Owner's arm, unsteady after her experience in the
  car. He accepts it for a little while, but soon shrugs her off. He likes her
  to show her need for him in this way, but quickly grows tired of it. He takes
  her hand in his, in a more mature fashion. She notes that he has worn leather
  gloves and that he may very well fondle her through the day, without fearing
  the effects of the wool on his own hands. However mature the handhold may be,
  to those who care to look closely the relationship is obvious. The Owner strides
  confidently, while little slave abby hangs upon his every movement for guidance
  and direction. She is either his submissive or his child. Her hair is tied
  like yesterday, and combined with the wool suit it adds to the impression of
  the latter. But she is obviously an adult, too. Most people would dismiss her
  as simply someone who refuses to grow up. A few would see her for what she
  really is: an owned slave. Always this is the way when she leaves the confines
  of home. 
Together, they head for the mall. Slave abby did not expect this, but one
  thing springs into her mind as they grow closer: malls always have music in
  the background, and her underwear responds to music. 
The mall is worse than she imagines, and this is all down to the echoing
  acoustics that the high vaulted ceiling provides. In addition, there are more
  people than she realised and a crowd so often generates a hum. This one was
  buzzing at just the right pitch to trigger her clit vibrator. When the thing
  starts up gently against her nubbin, she jumps and gasps aloud, to the astonishment
  of several people close by. She knows that she must control herself. Another
  factor enters the equation: the Owner's shoes are smart and new, and every
  time they land on the mall's hard floor they send up a clacking noise that
  buzzes in her nipples briefly. Every footfall is like a teasing flick across
  her breasts. And still she must follow on, and keep up, paying as little heed
  to these stimuli as she can. It is impossible, of course. She is still highly
  aroused after cumming in the car, and feels the most minute sensations all
  over her body. It is all she can do to continue walking almost normally, and
  keep up with the Owner, as the bars across her arse scream at her, the wool
  drives her skin to distraction and her clit and nipples are under constant
  low-level bombardment by the sounds around her. 
***** 
Oh, how slave abby aches for relief! Oh, how she wishes that she could let
  herself give in and cum! The Owner has kept her in this hellish state for an
  hour as he meanders from shop to shop, never finding exactly what he desires.
  He can be a perfectionist at times, slave abby knows, and this seems to be
  one of those times. He has asked her opinion on a couple of items, which he
  does sometimes to check that she remembers what he has told her, and sometimes
  because he is genuinely interested to know. Slave abby is glad that, whichever
  it is this time, she seems to have passed. She has no recollection of any reply
  she gave as her memory is swamped by the dreadful fires in her loins as she
  yearns for a chance of privacy and to let herself climax. 
At last, the final straw arrives. At the far end of the mall, a string quartet
  has set up to play. As the cellist tunes his bottom string, it triggers buttplug
  and dildo, and the combination is too much. 
"Oh, oh, oh my God!" cries slave abby in the middle of the crowded shopping
  mall, and collapses writhing on the floor. She is gasping for breath with the
  ecstasy of the release. Passers by look on in amazement, and one even offers
  to call an ambulance, convinced that she has gone into labour. Her red face
  and desperate expression do nothing to dispel this theory, but the Owner is
  confident and calm as ever, explaining away her seizure with lines that sound
  to slave abby as though he had them prepared a long time ago. To her, the world
  is a daze, she cannot focus on anything, and she is only aware that she has
  made an exhibition of herself, and that the Owner has arranged the whole thing
  just so that she would. 
He puts his arm around her waist and helps her to her feet. He kisses her
  lips tenderly and she glows inside. 
"I think I've got everything I wanted now," he whispers, "Let's go home." 
Slave abby's Headaches  
The Owner calls slave abby into his study, as usual. She pleases him with
  her deference and posture, that she always shows when he does this. She is
  pleasantly surprised when he pays attention to her straight away. Although
  he appears to be working at his computer, he speaks to her immediately. 
"Put on the item of clothing laid out for you," he says, and slave abby does
  so. It is a rubber pair of panties, with a slit to provide access to her privates.
  She looks at them in fear, for she sees what looks like a battery pack attached
  to them at the rear, and metallic elements in strategic positions. She does
  not like electric shocks, and the Owner knows this. She fears that she has
  displeased him somehow, and that she is to be punished in a way that the Owner
  knows will dismay her. Even so, she does not hesitate for more than a heartbeat
  before pulling the panties over her bare skin, putting the various attachments
  right up against her skin. They press against her labia and her groin, also.
  The Owner then hands to slave abby a similarly equipped bra that she has to
  put on. She is almost in tears now, believing she knows what will happen next. 
She is wrong, and she is amazed when the Owner rises from his chair and walks
  over to her, and starts caressing her tenderly. In her heart she tells herself
  that this is just like the Owner: he will lull her into a false sense of security,
  and then he will shock her when she is at her most vulnerable. But he does
  not stop. 
She can feel his fingertips through the bra, tickling and working at her
  nipples, and she sighs. She is unsure about what posture she should take, but
  the owner has not told her to do anything but stand there, so she waits as
  he carefully handles her breasts, beginning to smile and enjoy the sensations
  despite her fears. 
She is becoming aroused, and the Owner is obviously pleased by this: slave
  abby gives herself up to the arousal, knowing that it is futile to try to prevent
  the punishment that she still believes will occur. The Owner moves one hand
  to her crotch, and lightly fiddles with slave abby's clitoris. He knows his
  slave's reactions so well by now, that she is soon moaning with pleasure. Now
  he makes her bend at the knees, until she is kneeling before him. Slave abby
  opens her mouth to receive his cock, as so many times before, but he does not
  seek her mouth this time. He is kneeling also, and using his hands with such
  consummate devotion to pull slave abby deeper into arousal. She no longer knows
  what he intends to do to her, but she wants to enjoy the moments of pleasure
  while they last. She can see that the owner's penis is rigid, but he has not
  yet unleashed it. She dares not hope that he will fuck her here, in his study.
  She has serviced him with her mouth here, but rarely does he give her any direct
  pleasure from his cock, not here in his sanctum. 
And yet, he orders her to place her head upon the carpet, her elbows and
  hands on the floor. Now, in her prone position, he feels her breasts through
  their rubber bra; he fondles once more her clitoris and her labia, and then
  kneels behind her. While he removes his trousers, she fills with pleasure that
  she is to be granted such an unusual privilege, and then she feels his cock
  pushing between her pussylips, barging its way into her tunnel as she loves
  for it to do so. She moans with pleasure, communicating her joy in primal vocalisations.
  The owner slides his cock back and forth within her, sensuously, teasingly,
  almost making her beg for it. But she feels his pace quicken, and her own arousal
  begins to accelerate towards the inevitable. As he begins to bang into her,
  as she feels him using her rather than loving her, she cums with a guttural
  cry; she rides it out, using her body as so often before to bring on her Owner's
  orgasm, yearning to feel his seed inside her&hellip;but he has already withdrawn.
  He is still rock-hard and erect, and has not cum in her as she desired. Her
  face even after the pleasure of her own climax, is a picture of dejection:
  why does he not wish to fill her with his semen? He dismisses her, and returns
  to his computer. 
He does not allow her to remove the panties and bra for the rest of the day.
  She must wear them, he says, at all times except when being cleaned. He explains
  during the day, that they are loaded with sensors that monitor her body's reactions
  to stimuli. He is recording, he says, the signature of her orgasm, so that
  his computer will be able to tell whenever she has, or is about to have, an
  orgasm. Slave abby feels trapped more than ever before. She knows she is not
  supposed to cum without permission, but never before was there a way that the
  owner could keep tabs on her if he was not present. But now he could make sure
  that she was safely locked up in the recording panties, perhaps with some other
  garment locked over them to make sure, and then even when he left her alone,
  he would know if she had transgressed. Her heart sinks. 
***** 
Over the next two weeks, the Owner makes slave abby cum for him time and
  again, over fifty orgasms in the space of fifteen days. She feels exhausted
  but pleased: normally the Owner rations her climaxes sparingly, as if they
  were in limited supply. She knows that she cums only for his pleasure, and
  normally that means he prevents her cumming for her own pleasure. Now, though,
  he brings her off almost more often than she can bear. And she always knows
  that every orgasm is recorded by the computer, and is a further nail in the
  coffin of her occasional freedom and rebellion. 
***** 
At last, the Owner is satisfied that the computer can identify when slave
  abby is on the verge of climax. He brings her once more to his study. This
  time, he adds to her outfit a helmet: a punishment helmet, it seems to slave
  abby. She has worn such things many many times. He pulls it on over her head,
  and she finds her vision blocked. She is gagged by it and only able to breathe
  through her nose. The Owner fastens it tightly, and slave abby feels then the
  tight pressure of many conic metal studs on the inside of the helmet, pressing
  on her scalp. It is painful and restricting, and she thinks she likes it. She
  does not have any idea what its purpose could be, except to add a new dimension
  of sensation to a favourite form of bondage. 
Oh! And how delightful when the Owner fondles her in her intimate areas again;
  no matter how many times she has cum, it is always a joy to her to be thus
  the focus of his attention. He does not spend long on such foreplay, though.
  Once he has bound her wrists, he forces her to kneel and, kneeling before her,
  he forcefully takes her as his property &ndash; which is, of course, all she
  is. Oh, how the sensory deprivation focuses slave abby's awareness on the meaty
  shaft, the iron rod, that pounds into her cunt! Oh, how she rides with joy
  the treasure of being in his study, being fucked by the man who owns her, and
  unable to stop him or see him, but only feel his energy and his manhood! 
She feels herself reach the precipice beyond which lies the ecstasy of orgasm&hellip; 
And her head explodes with pain, as each one of those studs delivers an electric
  shock to her skull. It is only mild, but the headache it induces is unbelievable.
  Slave abby screams into her gag, but there is hardly anything audible. Her
  eyes fill with tears, and she struggles in the grip of her owner; but he ignores
  her agony and fucks her harder. And through the pain, slave abby finds that
  she still orgasms, and is almost ashamed to find that she has done so just
  as the Owner spurts forth his cream into her hungry pussy. She wishes she could
  see the Owner's face, and know whether he is triumphant at the completion of
  his diabolical scheme, or if he shows sympathy for slave abby for what he has
  done to her, or if he is comforting her&hellip; 
She never knows it, but it is all three, one after the other. After he smiles
  devilishly, his eyes soften; and at last he strokes her body gently. She warms
  to his touch, relieved that he does care, that he is not purely cruel, but
  is kind as well, and that she belongs to him and is his pet. 
He explains that she will have to repay him for each of the 50 orgasms she
  had before, by cumming that many times while wearing the headache helmet. And
  then, whenever he wishes her not to cum, he can put her in the helmet and sensor
  panties, and she will not dare, for the hideous pain that it will induce if
  she does. 
"Yes, Master," she sighs, as her slavery is reinforced again. 
***** 
This story is inspired by the medical condition Benign Orgasmic
      Headache Syndrome, which is a real condition that affects roughly four
      times as many men as it does women. The moments before orgasm, when the
      climax is almost certain to occur, triggers migraine-strength headaches.
      There is no known cause for this syndrome, and the only way to get rid
      of it is to abstain from orgasms for a while, and hope that it has gone
      by the time you have your next one.  
***** 
slave abby responds: "  i
      was sloppycrotched over what you wrote" 
Petting Slave abby  
Part 1  
Slave abby awakes to the feel of the Owner removing her collar. There have
  been times when she has begged, wailed and cursed at him to set her free, to
  end her slave status, to let her be who she was before&hellip;but she never
  believed it would happen, never really wanted it to happen. That he should
  do this for no reason that she can fathom is heartrending in the first few
  moments after sleep. 
"Hush, slave," he says as she whimpers her grief, "It is not gone, merely
  replaced with another. After you are clean." Slave abby has slept in chains,
  leg irons and manacles, and she must make her way to the bath in these. There,
  they are removed to allow her to be thoroughly cleansed. 
Bathing slave abby involves cleaning both outside and inside. First she is
  soaped and scrubbed beneath the cold shower, with a brush whose bristles are
  at once punishing and sensual. Then she must take an enema that ensures that
  her body is cleansed within. The owner takes great pleasure in towelling her
  off, drying her assiduously all over, and most often he takes the time to touch
  her tenderly in her most private regions, or to tweak and stroke her nipples
  so that she begins her day in a state of arousal. She knows that she will rarely
  be given any relief for this early turn-on, but she enjoys it nonetheless.
  So far, the day begins much as any other. 
The owner commands slave abby to kneel before him. She does not know what
  he wants, but imagines that he will use her mouth as so often before, though
  rarely has she had to swallow his cum so early in the day. It will feel strange
  to do it without the comforting metal around her throat. 
Instead, the Owner wishes to address her, and give her now the alternative
  collar that he promised her as she awoke. 
"My slave," he says, "You have often called yourself my pet, and it has pleased
  me to let you do so. But now you are to act like a pet, and spend the day as
  my little kitten abby. Here is your cat collar." He speaks truly, for the replacement
  collar is a simple felt band with a catch to fasten it, and a little bell attached
  to the front. The owner has modified the catch slightly, so that it can be
  held shut with the aid of a padlock. This collar is just as permanent as the
  other, if the Owner chooses it to be so. He lifts slave abby's chin so that
  she is looking upwards into his eyes, and he playfully tinkles the bell, and
  tickles her under her chin. He looks expectant. 
"You are my kitten abby now," he reminds his slave, "so act like it." Kitten
  abby makes a purring noise as he repeats the action, but the Owner does not
  seem satisfied. He only smiles and nods &ndash; indicating a job well done &ndash; when
  kitten abby nuzzles her cheek against his hand. He strokes her hair just as
  if she was a cat, and she purrs again. She likes that sort of stroking anyway,
  and she recognises it is her reward for learning her role today quickly. 
Kitten abby thinks that her preparation is over for the game, but she is
  wrong. Next, the owner brushes her hair, normally done back in the bedroom
  after her shower and enema. Now, though, he has managed to fashion using hairbands
  and clever techniques, a pair of cat's ears for kitten abby, from her hair.
  The effect is not perfect, but when he shows kitten abby her new hairstyle
  in the mirror, she feels ashamed at what he is turning her into. She dreads
  that he will draw a little button-nose and whiskers onto her face, but he tells
  her that he likes her face the way it is, and kisses her to prove it. Kitten
  abby knows that, though she will play the role of a kitten, she will still
  be a sex slave today. She feels a curious sense of relief at this. 
Next, the owner has kitten abby hold out her front paws. He slips mittens
  onto them, that bind her fingers quite closely together, and immobilise her
  thumbs. There is a stiff ridge running down the back of her middle finger,
  that prevents her from flexing her fingers very much at all. "After all," says
  the Owner, "There are no cats with opposable digits!" He does not want kitten
  abby to be able to hold anything while she is his kitten. 
Now at last kitten abby thinks that he has finished preparing her, for he
  tells her to get down on all fours and take up the posture that she will adopt
  for much of the rest of the day. But she is mistaken again, for he has one
  more detail to finish it off. 
"My kitten needs a tail," he says, and he prepares a buttplug for kitten
  abby's backside, to which is attached a thick black rope, similar in kind to
  those used at stately homes to cordon off areas from the public. It hangs not
  quite to the floor. He is not yet satisfied, however, for to it is attached
  some strong elastic. This fastens around the lower part of kitten abby's thighs,
  so that the tail stays dangling between her legs, and coincidentally, her movements
  are a little restricted by the elastic. Since she is on hands and knees, kitten
  abby is not going to be the most mobile person anyway, but this ensures that
  she will find it difficult to get up onto two legs, even if she wants to. 
"Now you are ready to be my pet," says the Owner, and kitten abby lets out
  a sigh that might have been a purr. Even she herself does not know if it is
  a sigh of gratitude, or of acceptance of her humiliating state. 
***** 
Because, in her current state, kitten abby is not as nimble as a real cat,
  the owner carries her down the stairs to begin the day. She follows him on
  all fours until he goes into his study. This is his sanctum, where slave abby
  is not allowed unless he calls for her. Kitten abby pauses at the door, unsure
  of what to do. The Owner smiles at her instinctive obedience. 
"You are a kitten today, and in that role you are welcome to come and go
  as you please. But if you knock anything or damage anything, you will pay and
  pay and pay, understood?" 
"Yes, Master," says kitten abby, and instantly receives several sharp slaps
  to her bottom. 
"You are a kitten, and kittens don't speak," explains the Owner to his tearful
  pet. 
"Miaow," she mournfully replies, and the Owner pats her head and strokes
  her hair just as he would to reward a real cat. She purrs for him, pleased
  that her momentary lapse has not ended their play already. She follows him
  to his desk, where he sits to work. She is desperate for his attention; she
  does not like it when he works, because normally she is locked in another room,
  perhaps to do boring, everyday chores that do not fill her with anything but
  monotony. She does them, because she knows that the Owner likes the thought
  of her naked or fetish-clad body as she carries out these tasks. But she has
  been spared that today. She thinks it means that she can play with her Master,
  that he wants her around him. 
She behaves like a cat seeking attention, brushing her cheeks against the
  Owner's legs beneath the desk, purring and the like. She is shocked when the
  Owner acts like a man who does not wish to be thus disturbed by a cat: her
  aims a kick at her. Not a hard one, but it connects with her belly and she
  feels it as harshly as any rebuke. She whimpers and mews with the pain, but
  crawls away to nurse her wounded hopes and body. She leaves the study, and
  wanders through the home, looking for some way to please the Owner, but she
  can find no task that she could perform while her hands and her legs are bound
  as they are. And besides, it is not catlike to do helpful tasks unless it is
  to chase mice, and with her legs tied together with elastic, kitten abby is
  hardly capable of doing that. Besides, there are no rodents in this home. To
  be helpless and useless and ignored, she feels, is terrible. She finds her
  way back to the study, where the Owner is engrossed in his work. She knows
  better than to try to attract his attention again, and she wonders what she
  could do. 
There is a fire in the study, and she realises that the Owner has lit it
  while she was elsewhere. The day is cold, and kitten abby welcomes the heat.
  She realises also that the Owner may have turned the heating down deliberately.
  She knows what he wants her to do. 
Kitten abby curls up on the rug in front of the fire. The heat is lovely
  and toasty on her back as she curls up and adopts that position so familiar
  to cat owners everywhere. She decides to close her eyes and snooze, and as
  she does so, she sees the Owner look up at her briefly and smile, before he
  returns to his work. She feels contented &ndash; she has pleased the Owner,
  her butt is filled and she is comfortable and warm. 
There she lies, half asleep on the Owner's fireside rug, peaceful in the
  knowledge that she is in his company, even though he is not directly playing
  with her. She does not know how long she lies there, but she begins to feel
  the urge to pee. She rises, and makes her way to the downstairs loo, but is
  dismayed to find that the Owner has locked it. In this home, the locks are
  designed to keep her out until the Owner wants to let her in, and he keeps
  the keys. Her bodily functions are not private from him. But now it is a problem:
  she is not permitted to speak, and with her legs bound as they are she cannot
  negotiate the stairs. She begins to panic, but decides that she must try to
  communicate in catty-speak to the Owner what her problem is. 
Kitten abby miaows at the Owner, and when he looks, she dares to gesture
  at her crotch and tries to mime peeing. He looks slightly peeved, but he asks, "Do
  you need to relieve yourself?" Grateful that he has understood, kitten abby
  nods. 
"Then come with me." The Owner leads kitten abby to the utility room and
  shows her the arrangements he has made: they are appropriate for a cat. He
  has created for her a large litter tray and put plenty of kitty litter in it. 
"There you are," he says, "You may come here for your business." Kitten abby
  mews, which might have been "thank you" or it might have been an expression
  of dismay. Her cheeks flush with humiliation as she squats, and finds that
  the rope of her tail is then inconveniently placed (the elastic doesn't help
  either). She finds that she has to stretch herself over the litter tray, and
  place her hands in it as she releases her pee into the dry, gravely substance.
  She is only glad that it is absorbent enough to keep her from having to touch
  her urine. The Owner stands by and watches as she does so, interested by how
  she handles the situation. Then he leaves her and returns to his work. 
Kitten abby finishes her pee, and returns to her warm spot by the fire, until
  she feels thirsty. She has already seen the bowl of water in the kitchen, and
  goes there immediately. she soon discovers that here she has no choice but
  to lap it up like a kitten should: her hands are so well bondaged that she
  cannot reliably lift the bowl without spilling the water, and if she does that
  then she will be left extremely uncomfortable for many days afterwards by the
  punishment the Owner would mete out to her. So she bends forwards and does
  as the Owner desires: behaves like a cat. 
This is how kitten abby spends her morning. 
When lunchtime arrives, she is hopeful that here at least she will be able
  to have some form of humanity, but of course it is not to be. The Owner has
  carefully created a dish that resembles catfood in texture and appearance,
  but is safe for humans to eat. This he scoops into a dish for kitten abby,
  who miaows mournfully at him, but realises that she has no chance of anything
  else until she has eaten her food. The Owner treats her miaow as if she was
  a greedy cat asking for more, and tells her that she is not having more. She
  bows her head in acknowledgement, and bends her face to the dish to eat up.
  Of course, she finds that her chin and nose receive more than their fair share
  of the meal, because a human face is not designed like a cat's face. But she
  manages to eat the meal placed before her as the Owner enjoys a much more substantial
  and normal meal. 
When the Owner finishes, kitten abby gestures helplessly at her face. She
  wants the Owner to clean her up. But he shows her instead that the backs of
  her mittens are cloths suitable for the task...all they need is moisture. He
  tells kitten abby to do what cats do. She licks the back of her mitten, and
  makes it damp enough to wash her face of the bits of her dinner that have stuck
  to it. She has only one way of getting rid of the food that is now stuck to
  the mitten: she has to suck it out of the mitten and swallow it. This she does. 
&quot;Now, kitten abby,&quot; says the Owner, &quot;Let's get you groomed
  for this afternoon!&quot; 
END OF PART 1 
Petting Slave abby  
  
Part 2  
The Owner takes his kitten back into the study. There, he settles onto the
  sofa in front of the fire and invites kitten abby onto his lap. Of course,
  with the elastic between her legs, she cannot climb up without help, but soon
  she is sprawled across his lap, stretched out along the sofa as according to
  his wishes; his own efforts being required to get her there, but he is happy
  with her. He has with his a rubber cat-grooming device. It is a pad of rubber
  covered in small cones of rubber with rounded tips, each one maybe an inch
  long by half an inch across at the base. Kitten abby is face down on the sofa,
  and cannot see what he is holding, so it is with a start of surprise that she
  feels it resting at the base of her neck. 
Slowly, tenderly, even lovingly, the Owner draws his hand all the way down
  along her spine, the rubber spines of the groomer sending tingles all the way
  through kitten abby's body. She sighs deeply as he lifts his hand and does
  it again, this time tracing a line in a slight curve, slightly wide of her
  spine. The sensation is indescribable for kitten abby; she finds it wonderful
  and exhilarating as her Master takes such assiduous care over her, making sure
  that every part of her back is reached by his efforts. 
When he is done, and kitten abby feels the cold-warm feeling in her body
  of the rubber on her skin, and the stimulation it caused, he eases her back
  so that she is now crouched on her haunches, in a position of worship or abasement.
  He has done this because he can now reach around her body and under, and there
  he finds her belly and her breasts hanging beneath her. Oh! how kitten abby
  loves it as those rubber fingers play all over her chest and torso! How she
  squirms with delight at the feel, until a couple of sharp slaps on her behind
  inform her that the Owner wishes her to stay still. She moans softly, but the
  Owner taps her warningly, and she makes a noise deep in her throat, exactly
  like a cat purring. She is loving the attention she is receiving, and she loves
  that she must express herself only in those terms allowed her by the role the
  Owner has given her. 
It is ecstasy when the owner uses the groomer to stroke over her buttocks
  and, oh, the delight as he traces it between her legs and over her pussy. Kitten
  abby almost melts at that point, would do anything to keep it there, to be
  able to rock herself against it and to make herself come... But the Owner takes
  it away almost immediately and it does not return. Instead, he announces that
  this part of her grooming is done. Kitten abby forms the question in her mind, &quot;this
  part?&quot; 
The owner lifts kitten abby onto the floor and goes to the small wardrobe
  in his study. There, he reveals what he has prepared for kitten abby next.
  It is a woollen suit, all in black, and it is for her to wear. He beckons his
  kitten to come over to him, and she eagerly does so. 
&quot;Just briefly, kitten abby,&quot; he says, &quot;You have permission
  to stand on two legs.&quot; he helps her to do so. He unties the elastic on
  her legs and eases the buttplug from her backside. Kitten abby gasps with pleasure
  as she is briefly stretched and then feels her anus gradually returning to
  normal. It seems that she has lost her tail, for the Owner places the buttplug
  in a clean bag and puts it away in his desk. Now, he has kitten abby put on
  her suit. It is an ingenious design, for on the inside it is itchy wool that
  slave abby loves as torture-wear, but the outside is covered with the softest
  silk, so that she can be stroked by the Owner without any adverse effects for
  him. It is open at the crotch, and kitten abby finds that she is to have a
  tail for the afternoon, but a different one. Kitten abby needs help to get
  into the suit, because she still does not have the use of her hands. The suit
  padlocks onto her collar, and the bell jingles as kitten abby is locked into
  her kitten suit. 
This tail also has a buttplug at one end, but the tail itself is formed of
  plastic, and is a long curling rod that stretches up her back. The owner demonstrates
  its usefulness to him, by gently teasing it around. Kitten abby squeals as
  she feels the plug moving inside her rectum. She is glad that it is smaller
  than the one she wore in the morning. The Owner is pleased with his new-look
  kitten abby; he tells her that she must revert to complete cat status again,
  and she drops to all-fours instantly. She makes a mioaw that might have been &quot;thank
  you&quot;. She is grateful to the owner for putting her in the wool suit, even
  though she knows that it will soon feel like hell. She loves the sensation
  of the itchy wool against her bare skin, even though it is maddening torture. 
Just then, the doorbell rings. 
Kitten abby wants desperately to stay where she is, but the Owner beckons
  and she has to follow him into the hall and to the door where he opens it for
  the guests he had invited without slave abby's knowledge. He has set this up
  in advance, and wishes to show off his pet. 
Kitten abby does not want to know who has arrived, and she does not wish
  to be seen like this. She feels herself blushing as each of the new arrivals
  comments on what a beautiful little kitty she is. She endures the baby-talk
  that everyone speaks to cats as they make a fuss of them. Kitten abby knows
  all four of the guests, but they treat her just as they would a kitten. They
  do not say hello properly, they do not seek to share news or enquire how she
  is. of course, as slave abby, she would need the Owner's permission to answer
  them, but now she knows that she has no permission at all...she can only miaow
  or purr or stay silent. She chooses this third option, trying to plead with
  her eyes for her friends to treat her as a human being. But the Owner has,
  of course, briefed them well in advance, and she has no hope of achieving sympathy
  from them. 
The friends are two couples from the local BDSM scene, and well-known to
  slave abby and the owner. They are three women and one man; two female submissives
  and their Dominant partners. In the past, kitten abby has been given permission
  to discuss her life with the Owner with both the subs, and they are people
  she can truly count as friends. But now, under instructions from three such
  Dominant people, they are as strangers to her, responding to her as if she
  were a newly-acquired pet. Kitten abby knows also that they are free women,
  and that, as an owned slave, she is inferior to all five people in the room
  with her. Faced with such a situation she humbly accepts whatever attention
  they give her, feeling the burning humiliation all the while. 
All of them want to stroke her. She realises how clever the Owner has been:
  the silk that is so wonderful to stroke and touch makes them come back for
  more, but on the inside every time they stroke her the wool is pressed against
  her and is moved around over her skin, heightening its torturous powers still
  further. She cannot help squirming beneath their touch, but she never forgets
  to purr every time. This is torture and it is delightful. She takes no notice
  as the Doms discuss the details of what has been done to her to make her into
  this kitten. She squeals again when both the male and female Dominants give
  her tail a wiggle. The length of it means that there is some very precise control
  possible and the stroking she is receiving on the inside as they play with
  her tail, is echoed by the strokes that the submissives are still giving her
  silky coat. Kitten abby almost weeps when she hears one of her closest friends,
  on hearing her squeal, ask the Owner, &quot;Please, Master, may I have a go?&quot; Both
  subs are permitted to play with kitten abby's tail, and she is horrified when
  one of them gives it a pull, forcing the buttplug even deeper into her dark
  passageway. The owner is angry, and reacts as if a child had pulled the tail
  of a cat. The hapless submissive receives a sound spanking with her knickers
  around her ankles, and is left with a very rosy behind, and a very sorry expression
  on her face. 
Eventually, kitten abby needs to pee again. She knows without asking that
  she is still to use the litter tray, and now she has an even bigger audience
  as she relieves herself. Her humiliation, it seems, will know no bounds. 
Kitten abby is left alone in the study then, and the others go to the dungeon
  in the basement to play. Kitten abby is ordered to lie by the fire. She does
  not want to: the double layer of wool and then silk is almost too warm as it
  is, but the Owner is quite clear, and so in addition to the discomfort of the
  wool, there is the heat and sweat as she stays curled up on the rug. 
***** 
Kitten abby never knows what goes on in the dungeon; all she knows is that
  when the four leave, the two subs are finding it very difficult to move, and
  wince every time they do so. She is in great discomfort herself, and does not
  like to move either, but the owner makes it clear that he wants her to be there
  as he says farewell to their friends. There is more baby-talk and petting to
  be endured for kitten abby, and then they are gone. 
It is early evening, and so there is another meal in the same way as before,
  and kitten abby cleans herself afterwards in the same way as before. It all
  goes much more smoothly, because she knows what is expected of her now. 
The Owner takes kitten abby back to the study. He strokes her all over, knowing
  all her most tender spots, everywhere that she will feel it most, and paying
  most attention to them. She loves it, but is beyond squirming now, just enjoying
  blissful torture at her Master's hands. She lets out a great sigh of contentment.
  She thinks for a moment that nothing could be better, but is proved wrong. 
The Owner has decided that he wants to feel her pussy on his cock. Oh! how
  sweet his hard erection between her labia, his sensual approach! He takes his
  time, no violent thrusting but taking pleasure from each exquisite moment of
  his fucking her as she holds her kitten pose on hands and knees for him. She
  is filled by her tail and by his cock, and she cannot help coming hard as he
  tweaks the tail with one hand as he pushes into her again. She comes again
  before the Owner finishes, spurting his seed deep into her cunt. She did not
  have permission for either orgasm, and expects to be punished later that evening,
  or in the morning, but she does not care right now. It was worth it. 
***** 
It is time for bed, and the Owner finally allows kitten abby upstairs again.
  He does not send her to her own bed, but has her follow him into his room instead.
  There, at the foot of his bed, is a large cat basket. It was probably a og
  basket really, but it is perfect for a kitten abby-sized cat. The room is delightfully
  warm, and kitten abby is stripped of her cat costume until all that remains
  is the cat collar with its bell. Kitten abby is to sleep in this, at the foot
  of the Owner's bed. She knows that he may well wake in the night and desire
  her again, but it does not matter to her whether he does or not. She has all
  she wants from the day: she is his owned slave, his owned kitten, his pet. 
The Snack Counter  
It is evening, and slave abby hurries back to the Owner's house. he has sent
  her on what he described as a vital mission, but she knows that it is not really,
  it is simply something for his entertainment. She has had to go out alone into
  the wider world wearing nothing but the PVC dress that he gave her for the
  errand. She has no underwear and only the high-heeled shoes that he decreed
  that she must use. The breeze finds its way between her legs and disturbs her
  as she makes as much haste as she can in her current attire. 
Of course, she has attracted stares, wolf-whistles and even lewd comments
  from some of those out and about, but nothing worse. It is too early for most
  of that sort of thing anyway, and most of the stares are from &quot;respectable&quot; citizens
  who are shocked rather than attracted by her appearance. 
Her arms are full, but of course the Owner is watching her as she makes her
  way up the driveway and he opens the door to allow her into the house, before
  he unburdens her of her cargo. 
He examines it carefully, and nods approvingly: &quot;Well done, my slave,&quot; he
  smiles, and waits while she undresses. He instructed her beforehand that he
  wished her to adopt a naked stance upon her return, and so she does as she
  is asked. 
The Owner takes some of the items that she has fetched, and heads off to
  prepare them for the evening he has planned. Meanwhile, he directs slave abby
  to go into the lounge and put on the items she finds there. 
Slave abby does as he tells her. In the lounge she finds a punishment helmet,
  rubber leggings and two nipple clamps. She wonders why the clamps have hooks
  on them, but it is not unusual for the Owner to hang weights from her nipples,
  so she assumes that she will be wearing some tonight. She does not want to,
  but knows that the Owner will be disappointed if she does not present as ready
  for him when he returns. 
He does not take long, and takes his favourite seat. To his side, he indicates
  a seat for slave abby. This is a most unusual construction, and sits rather
  lower than the Owner's armchair. It has wooden armrests, and a wide space beneath
  the seat. The armrests extend from the back, but have no vertical strut to
  support them. At the end of each one there is a wide hole. The Owner now fastens
  more securely the buckles on the punishment helmet, and seals the openings
  that allowed slave abby to see. The helmet has a gag fitted that fills her
  mouth and she is left unable to utter a sound. 
The Owner instructs slave abby to put her arms on the armrests and he produces
  from his other side, two rubber sheaths. These have been measured very exactly
  and their purpose becomes very clear to slave abby. the Owner slips first one
  and then the other over slave abby's arms and the armrests, binding her arms
  to their rests in exquisite fashion. There are cuffs that buckle around her
  wrists to make absolutely sure that slave abby cannot wriggle free. 
The rubber leggings serve a similar purpose, it transpires, for slave abby's
  seat will be completed soon. The Owner orders slave abby to spread her legs
  as wide as she can. She notices now that on each legging that there is a hoop
  of rubber attached on the inside of her thighs. Once her thighs are spread
  as wide as they can go, the owner reveals the final piece of her bondage: the
  struts that fit vertically through the holes in the armrests. These struts
  slide through the hoops and lock slave abby's legs in their wide fashion, exposing
  her pussy in all its glory. The Owner briefly tickles her there and is pleased
  when she sighs and whimpers with delight. She has been kept waiting all day. 
There are three more additions he makes to her predicament before he is ready
  to begin the evening's entertainment. First, he hangs his weights from her
  nipples. These are two medium cups of popcorn. Then he straps a device around
  slave abby's hips. It is sculpted perfectly to fit between her pussylips and
  brushing on her clit, but it is most notable for the receptacle on its front:
  into this, the Owner slips a full beaker of his favourite soft drink. 
Then, he inserts the rented DVD that he sent slave abby to fetch into his
  player and settles back to watch the movie. 
Of course slave abby is unable to watch the action, she can only hear the
  sounds. But she can feel the Owner's movements every time he takes a sip of
  his drink or nibbles on his popcorn. The popcorn cups wobble on their hooks
  every time his hand dips into one of them, and slave abby's breasts are filled
  with the quivering tension and pain that excites her so much. The design of
  the holder for his drink is even more devilish in this respect, for the weight
  of the drink presses it so tightly on her pussy and clit, so that every time
  he lifts the cup and then replaces it, her erogenous zones are stimulated.
  She is becoming aroused and excited by the movements, but the Owner only infrequently
  dips into his snacks or takes a drink, and with her hands bound to the chair
  arms, slave abby is helpless to do anything about her rising frustration. 
By the end of the movie, slave abby's pussy is sopping and her nipples are
  so erect that the clamps' effect has been doubled. 
The Owner opens her eyeholes as the final credits roll. He removes the popcorn
  and the drinks holder, but leaves the clamps in place. He ejects the rented
  DVD. 
&quot;My slave, I have a DVD just for you to watch now,&quot; he says, and
  inserts a new disk into the player, presses play, and leaves. 
When she sees what the disk is, slave abby howls with despair and frustration
  into her gag (not that any sound can escape). The Owner has taken all her favourite
  images and set the DVD to display them one after another. he has set it to
  show slave abby how much time remains of the show: there is over an hour. And,
  in tones that always bring a response in his slave, the Owner's voice sounds
  from the speakers telling of how much he is enjoying the thought of her trapped
  there, so aroused and yet unable to climax. From the hallway, slave abby hears
  his laughter as he enjoys the torment to which he is subjecting her... 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rebel Snowdrop


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





