BDSM Library - The Perfect Job




The Perfect Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college graduate lands the perfect job, with the perfect boss: A woman who takes him deep into wretched submission.  The dream job of every submissive! This story is in three parts.
Perfect Job: Day One.

---------------------------



Pete fist saw her at the job expo for graduating students. She was dressed
fairly conservatively but her open toed black high heel stilettos caught his
eye. Even before he approached her he could see the high arches of her exquisite
feet encased in those lovely high-heeled sandals. She had shoulder length auburn
hair and was probably in her mid thirties, probably almost 10 years older than
him, judging from her very regal bearing.

"Hi I am Pete," he introduced herself to him.

She got up and she towered over him, but Pete suspected that she was about his
height, around 6ft tall and that it was the heels that made her appear taller.
Despite her beauty she was very intimidating. Her eyes were intense and stared
at him without flinching causing Pete to feel a tiny little shiver run down his
spine. Her painted red toenails, the ripples of muscle on her calves, her long
silky legs, and her curvaceous figure all caused Pete to tremble with
excitement.

"My name is Dana White," she said and smiled encouragingly at him as she caught
him looking down at her thick luscious legs. "I am looking for a dedicated young
man who can make my startup company grow into a successful venture."

Pete was not listening; he was shocked at her physical dimensions. Pete always
liked thin women but Dana was not very slim. She was well proportioned, with a
little bit of extra flesh distributed in all the right places so that they
accentuated her buttocks and her thighs that were revealed via the narrow slit
that ran up her gray skirt.

He took a seat at her request while she sat and crossed her legs now revealing
her entire lower legs and the front portion of her milky thighs. Pete was
already in heaven and his eyes darted from her legs to her feet, which she
suggestively moved closer to him. At times, she would dangle her shoe in front
of him and at one point he could swear that she imperceptibly touched his knee
with the toe of her slippers.

"I don't have much to offer in way of financial compensation unlike the other
companies here. In fact, I could scarcely pay the minimum wage to an
inexperienced college graduate like yourself." She heightened the word
'inexperienced' to which he responded by stammering that he had some experience
in the computer center.

She dismissed his comment with a wave and said, "You are inexperienced. Like a
virgin you need to be thought how to do things properly and to serve the needs
of the company and its CEO."

The word 'virgin' hit him like a ton of bricks because it was so true. Pete was
shy in demeanor, and his nerdy glasses and skinny frame ensured that he would
remain a virgin in college. Despite his height he only weighed a measly 145 lbs
and he suspected that Dana being the same height and older might outweigh him by
at least fifteen pounds. Yet, there was nothing about her that would describe
her as fat. Pete was entranced, intrigued and totally confused.

"I .. I need to get an apartment for myself. Right now I am living with about 3
roommates," he said. Pete desperately wanted to find his own place to have his
privacy.

"Great! I have a room that I can rent to you, for say about $900 a month."

"That sounds good. How much would I get paid at this job."

"I'll be generous and let you have about $200 a week."

"But that's not enough to cover the rent."

"Well, if you work extra hard I would let it slide," she said and this time Pete
felt her jab her heel on his knee. Then she moved her heel up and down his calf,
sending him both pleasurable and painful sensations.

"What do you say? Accept?" she asked and now pushed the toe of her sandals
between his legs and touched his crotch.  

Pete never had a choice as he croaked, 'yes'.

"Good, can you follow me outside, I need to get a cab." she replied, handed him
her business card and started walking away. He had to struggle to keep up with
her because Dana was walking quite fast,  and he was now sporting a hard-on. As
she walked he could see the bottoms of her feet, the fleshy part of her heel,
and the image of that succulent flesh weakened him considerably. He could not
take his eyes off her feet.

Outside at the corner they waited and he still stole glances at her feet as she
fidgeted a bit slipping her foot out of her sandals at times.

"Do your feet hurt?" he asked and she shot him a glare.

"Why do you ask?"

"I just noticed you seem a bit uncomfortable while stand," said Pete feeling
surprised and now ashamed that he mistakenly blurted out something like that.

"No, they don't hurt but I would be happy to let a dedicated employee pamper my
feet," she replied smiling now.

A cab came just at that moment and much to Pete's surprise she kissed him on the
cheek and waved goodbye.



The next morning Pete hurriedly put on his clothes. He struggled putting on his
tie and shirt. He had forgotten to ask what the dress code was at the job. The
office was on the top floor of an old dilapidated looking building. Inside the
office, there was a small reception area where sat a young girl with glasses and
one medium sized room in which he caught a glimpse of Dana. The young girl
ushered him in.

"You're late," Dana said sharply and her eyes glared at him.

"I'm sorry," Pete replied.

"First thing, I want you to go outside to Joes's Coffee Shop around  the corner
at 8thAvenue and get me a bagel with cream cheese and a large coffee with milk
and one sugar. Got it."

"yes," Pete said and hesitated a second expecting her to give him the money.

"What are you waiting for," she said impatiently.

Pete swallowed and left. When he returned she took the breakfast, and asked him
to sit.

Pete could not find a chair! Dana was sitting on a very high luxurious leather
swivel chair and her table was also quite high. On the side was a small low
table with a computer and a tiny little chair. Seeing that it was only chair in
the room, he grabbed it and sat in front of her. She swiveled to face him and
her shoe again grazed his leg. A glorious sight lay in front of Pete as he
looked up. Dana was sitting imperiously on the chair with her legs crossed
exposing a fair amount of her naked skin.

She spoke mostly of his job responsibilities, and he would have quite a free
rein as a webmaster. To emphasize a certain point she stabbed his thigh with her
heel and with a smile said, "Remember, I am the boss, but the clients are very
important. I expect you to see our clients are happy with the websites you
build."

 The day went by quite quickly with Pete scrambling to get as much work done as
possible. Pete had to get her lunch as well, but she gave him the money for her
lunch this time.

As the day's end approached, Pete reported on his progressed. Dana came over and
sat on his desk and was quite pleased with his work. She then swung her legs
over him and placed her feet on his lap.

She then asked him if he could finish the site tomorrow. Pete hesitated a
second, realizing that it was at least 3 days off work.

"Come one, Pete. You are a great programmer you can do it." As she raised she
raised her leg and her toes were peeking out deliciously from her open toed
high-heeled sandals.  She brought her toes almost up to his lip and held it
there as she smiled. As Pete looked up he began to tremble with desire. He could
see her entire leg all the way for the slip had opened so much that he could see
all the way to her thighs. With sudden devotion he kissed her toes. She looked
down at him encouragingly and he did it again. She did not protest and said,
"You will do it by day's end tomorrow, right."

Again he kissed her toe, and now with even increasingly more passion he began to
lick. She moved her foot away and asked him to take off her shoe. As he
stretched his hand she said sharply, "Use your mouth. Put the heel in your mouth
and pull."

With difficulty he placed his mouth over the heel of her shoe and pulled and
deposited it on his lap. She then shoved her foot into his mouth. "Open wide,"
she said and giggled, her deep voice changing to a higher more girl-like pitch.

Pete chocked on her foot for even thought it was beautiful and shapely  with red
toenails and smooth milky white skin, it was quite long.  The high arches of her
feet, her heels were exquisite and Pete longed to run his tongue over her arch,
but right now her foot was rammed violently into his mouth.

"Suck it like a cock," she commanded hoarsely.

Pete responded with feverish passion opening even wider until he could deep
throat her longest toe-the second toe. This seemed to please her and she exhaled
with a purring sigh as she placed her foot still encased in the high heeled shoe
on top his head. At first her she placed it lightly on his head but then she
began to push harder, hurting him as the heel of her shoe dug into his skull.

"Keep sucking," she whispered authoritatively as she relaxed in her new
position. Pete, however, was in terrible pain for the sharp heel kept pushing
the top of his head while her other foot was choking him even more as he had to
open his mouth wider to swallow let more of her foot in. Gasping for air and
filled with uncontrollable passion, tears flowed down his cheek.

Pete let out a terrible cry when she stabbed his head harder still with her
heel. Fortunately, she withdrew both her feet and placed her bare foot against
his face instead. Pete broke down in tears, wiping his tears on the bottom of
his foot, licking kissing and in absolute heaven even though he felt she had
wounded the top of his head and almost choked him. They maintained this position
for ages with Pete sobbing into her foot in between adoring kisses and feverish
licks at the bottom of her heavenly feet. Her foot bottom was so remarkably
soft, so delicious  that Pete wished this moment could last forever. Meanwhile,
her other foot rested lightly on his shoulder though at times she would stab it
playfully sending electric jolts down his shoulder.

Then, Dana began to laugh. It got louder and louder until it became a crescendo,
unrelenting and cruel in its mockery of the pitiful slave that slaved beneath
her feet.

"Put my shoe on," she said abruptly pulling her bare foot away. "Uh. Uh. Kiss
the insides, the instep of my shoe. Lick it. Like that. Good."

Pete then put the shoe on with trembling hands.

"Now suck," she said and broke into laugher again as she stuck the heel into his
mouth. "Like a nice long cock, that's it. I've got two of them, and they're
probably a lot bigger than your puny little prick. Good boy."

After a few minutes of heel sucking she offered him the other heel, and he
laboriously began again licking the heel, its entire length and then putting his
mouth over the heel  and moving in and out and in and out.

"I want to feel the heel down your throat," she whispered in a hoarse voice as
she jammed the heel in his mouth. Pete felt the sharp heel, enter his mouth,
stab his tongue and enter his throat, piercing and stabbing anything in its way.

She laughed again as he chocked on her heel. Pete felt a tiny piece of grit from
the bottom her shoe dislodge into his mouth and he swallowed, the shame adding
to his excitement.

"Good. Now, before we call this a day, your last task for the day will be to
clean the bottom of my shoe with your tongue. There, that's it. Do a good job.
Good!"

Pete felt a few more pieces of dirt dislodge as he licked the bottom of her
shoe, but thankfully her shoe was quite clean and he did not have much
swallowing to do.

"Keep this up and you'll make employee of the month!" Dana said breaking into
laughter again. Then, abruptly she pulled away her shoes and kicked his face,
then she slapped his face repeatedly, the front portion of her shoe striking
against his cheeks.

"Thank me for each slap," she said and Pete responded right away. "Thank you
Dana. Thank you Dana." She progressively increased her foot slaps, reddening his
cheeks and making him cry again.

Finally she placed both on of her shoes on his face and pushed, tilting his
chair back and causing him to fall. Pete fell back with the chair and his two
legs were up in the air as his head was on the ground facing up. He saw her shoe
descend on him and then she literally stepped on him as he felt an enormous
weigh on his face as her heel cruelly cut into his mouth drawing blood from his
lips and tongue while the front part of her shoe smashed his nose. Pete writhed
in pain and tried to scream but her heel was wedged into his mouth at an awkward
angle. "See you at 7:30 am sharp," she said, and stepped out of the office.

Pete got up groggily, blood flowing from his mouth. He was looking forward to
the next day.





Perfect Job: Day Two.

---------------------------



At 7:30 sharp was at the office, but no one was there and he was locked outside.
He sat by the door until 8:30 when Dana came by beaming. "Hi, Pete. I hope you
are in a very industrious mood because you have quite a lot of things to do.
First, please demonstrate your brown nosing skills to me. Pete approached her
and got on his knees, hoping desperately that no one saw him. She nodded in
encouragement so his bent down and kissed her toes. "Good boy, not exactly what
I mean, but pretty close. I'll give you a second chance-remember I said brown
nose skills."

Immediately, Pete got behind her and planted a passionate kiss on her derriere.

"Good boy! Now go get me my breakfast," she commanded and immediately Pete
scurried off.

Soon he was back and handed Dana the breakfast. "Oh. Pete, today you will have
to do Jane's work as well-she's got an exam today and will not make it.

From then on, it was a full 3 hours of exhausting work, and Pete felt
uncomfortable having to slave so hard less than minimum wages. Dana, meanwhile,
was becoming a lot bossier, constantly chiding him despite his best efforts.
After three hours Dana asked for the status of the website. "But I never had the
time to get started," he protested. Her face quickly turned red with rage and
stepped on his feet with her heels and slapped him across his face. The
tremendous force of the slap would have brought Pete to the ground but she was
standing painfully on his feet. Pete started to cry, and between sobs he pleaded
with her, promising that he would get the work done. Her response was cold and
cruel. "Strip-all your clothes off. And get on your knees." Trembling, Pete
complied. Dana then walked behind him and with her shoe pushed his head so that
his face was touching the carpet. "Keep your nose to the ground," she ordered.
And then she began raining kicks on his poor unprotected ass, one after another,
and then she stopped. "You forgot to thank me," she said.

"Thank you," Pete said in between sobs, but Dana was not satisfied.

"I want you to say 'Thank you Dana' for each kick that I gave you so begin.

Pete began reciting his mantra while Dana kicked him a few more times for good
measure.

When Pete had caught up with his 'thank you' recitations, Dana informed him to
thank each kick and beg for another kick. So through 15 more kicks, poor Pete
had to say, "Thank you Dana, may I have another."

Finally, she stopped and with a mocking chuckle she wedged the heel of her heel
into his ass crack. Pete moaned and Dana cut him off sharply, "You forgot to
thank me for this."

"Thank you Dana."

"For what?"

"Thank you for pushing your heel in my ass."

"good boy, beg for more."

"Please Dana push it in more."

"Certainly," she said giggling and pushed it in harder provoking a sharp,
anguished cry from Pete.

Dana withdrew the head approached Pete's head. "Turn around."

When Pete complied she crammed the blood soaked heel into Pete's mouth. Up and
down and up and down his mouth moved over her heel until she was satisfied. Then
she walked around him and lectured him, "In this job, you are exactly what you
are-a puny little man with a puny little dick. As such you get nothing but
abuses from a superior woman like me. From now on, if you even dare to mouth one
word of protest, I will fire you and you'll never see me again-I'm quite sure
that would be a scenario that you do not want to experience. Now, I want a
sincere, heartfelt apology."

"I am sorry Dana. From now on I will obey you without question."

"Are you thirsty, Pete."

"Yes Dana," replied Pete a bit puzzled at her congeniality.

She removed her panties and stepped over him placing her legs on either side of
his head and let out a steady stream of piss. "C'mon Pete, I want you to drink
everything. There you go. Don't make a mess now."

When she was finished she snapped at Pete, "I told you not make a mess. Now
clean that up."

Pete looked around as he was looking for tissue and Dana yelled, "With your
tongue, stupid!"

Pete put his mouth to the floor and began the degrading task of licking the piss
from the carpet. But, she wasn't finished with him. "This is going to smell. Go
get a cleaning liquid and tissue to finish your cleaning. Relieved that he
didn't have to use his tongue anymore, (though he had already lapped up all the
piss), he obeyed her command.



The Toilet Christening

----------------------------



	It was a long day of work, but Pete was so busy the time passed by so
quickly.

"I guess you deserve a reward for a fine day's work," she said and snapped her
fingers, and pointed to the floor. Dutifully, he obeyed. "Now crawl after me.
Fast! And I want to feel some kisses on my heel.

With great difficulty, Pete managed a few kisses on her shiny stiletto as he
crawled after her to the ladies room. Luckily, no one was around to see him.

She seated herself imperiously on the toilet seat, totally relaxed and not in
the least bit uncomfortable that she was not alone. He was on his knees, his
head bowed down as she ordered while on each of his shoulders rested one of her
legs.

"I feel simply divine. Would you remove my shoes, please," she said.

Dutifully, he took each shoe out placed adoring kisses in the instep and laid it
down besides him. She now pushed one foot in his mouth while the other foot
rested on his head. Thankfully, she was now barefooted and could not inflict
damage on his head like the previous day, Pete thought as he sucked on her foot.

"You make such a great  footstool," Dana exclaimed, and then added, "I would
like to see what other skills you possess."

Pete sucked on one foot then the other. At other times, he would run his tongue
down the arch of her feet from the front to the heel, and at other times, he
would pay special attention to the fleshy heel of her foot kissing, licking and
sometimes burying his face in it with ecstasy. Dana's tone was very encouraging
this time, and she was smiling at him warmly. "I never imagined that I could
have such a good time taking a dump," she said laughing at her own joke. "But,
the best is yet to come," she said with a sinister smile on her face.

Pete heard the sound of her bowel movement-a low rumbling sound as she shuddered
and released an entire load. "Damn Mexican food," she muttered and then sighed
as Pete redoubled his foot worship. As she let out a few more farts, Pete kissed
and licked the heel of her foot again, and suddenly Dana started to buck her
legs. She pressed down hard on top of his head with one foot while the other
began to caress his face. She was moaning.

"Eat me," she commanded and Pete eagerly complied by running his tongue from the
heel of her foot, up to her calf, then the inside of her thigh as she let out a
low moan. Eventually, he reached up to her beautiful pussy as she raised her
legs over him draping them over his back and rubbing her feet insistently, up
and down his back.

"Come on, push your tongue in," she commanded in a low whisper.

Pete plunged his tongue into her juicy cunt, his face just inches away from her
ass, savoring the taste like fine wine as he moaned in ecstasy. Pete was
feverish with desire, licking and kissing and sucking everything in front of
him. Her clit, her pubic hair, her cunt. Then he plunged his tongue in again and
she began to buck even more her feet pressing, striking against his back as she
writhed as her body felt like a quivering mass of flesh to Pete. At the same
time, she farted and let out another load, and few of the sprinkles from the
splashes catching Pete in his face, but Pete was already in heaven as he
voluntarily suffocated himself to affix his face unto this glorious woman's
pussy.

Suddenly,  Dana began to thrash her legs, her feet rose and thumped and struck
against his back and his ass with a tremendous force. Pete was being battered by
her legs and feet but he still held on, his arms around the bowl holding on to
her lower back as she stomped and kicked his back, moaning and screaming and
yelling. "Stick it in further," she screamed as Pete struggled to comply. It was
an impossible task, but he tried even getting a bit of his nose in, at times as
she bucked violently.

And, then, silence. With a low moan she relaxed and her legs fell against his
back. Pete's head fell way and his mouth fell on the front portion of the toilet
seat, his lip making contact with a few sprinkles of urine.

"Lick it off," she whispered and Pete hastily licked off her urine mixed in with
his tears-his tears of ecstasy.

Then she cradled his head between her thighs and they just stayed that way for a
long time. Pete was in heaven, and so apparently was Dana.

Finally, Dana told Pete to put her shoes back on and Pete dutifully complied
placing a few adoring kisses on the insteps of her foot.

She got up, took a piece of toilet paper and scooped out her ass with it and
threw it in the bowl . She did it again, but instead of throwing it away she
turned around and faced Pete who still remained on his knees and still naked
save for his socks as a show of respect.

"Give it a nice little kiss," she said and held the soiled toilet paper to his
lips. Devoutly Pete kissed it, staining his lips brown with her shit as she
chuckled and then threw it into the bowl. "I love to have brown nosers working
for me," she exclaimed and then laughed.

Then, she took another piece of paper, wiped off the shit from his lips and
threw it away.

"I want you to beg for the privilege," she said smiling at him.

"Please, please, beg for what?" asked Pete knowing fully well what she meant but
thinking perhaps that he was wrong.

"Well, Pete, you do want to be employee of the month, right?"

Pete nodded thinking that with only two employees him and the other college
student, it should be a cinch to get this dubious honor.

 "And we all know that the employer of the month is an excellent brown noser,
right?"

Again Pete nodded, and he knew now what he had to ask.

"Please, Dana. Please grant me the privilege of wiping your ass clean."

"Pete, I want you to be passionate, say it again."

A few more tears began to roll down his cheeks as he again begged.

"Please Dana. I want to place my lips, my tongue against the crack of your ass.
Please allow me to wipe you and to experience the heaven of eating from your
glorious chocolate hole."

Dana began to laugh for a long time before she presented her rump towards him.

Pete slowly brought his nose in and breathed; it was not too revolting for he
was now used to her smell. Then, in a burst of passion he went in his nose
touching shit first and then his tongue gently scooping it out and into his
mouth. He worked feverishly swallowing with increasing passion. What would seem
like a revolting task was actually quite the opposite. The rounded shapely
mounds of her ass cheeks on either sides of his face spurred him on in addition
to Dana's voice of encouragement.

"Good boy, Pete! Eat it. There you go. Get your nose in deep. Aaah! Aaahh! Umm.
Best chocolate you ever had-isn't it?"

Between licks and kisses Pete replied, "Yes. It's the best. I want to do this
for the rest of my life."

"Well, I'll see what I can do," said Dana chuckling as Pete buried his face
between her ass cheeks. Pete made sure that he sucked off each strand of her
pubic hair which pleased Dana immensely. "Good boy, Aaah. Clean all of my ass
hairs. It feels so good. Aah!"

Finally, he was finished and Dana turned around.

"Ooh. What a brown noser!" She exclaimed upon seeing his shit coated face.

"Your silly little willy is hard again," she then observed with a giggle. "You
can jerk it off if you like."

Pete started to shake off his dick, cinching closer to her feet.

"How dare you-you shitface! You don't have the privilege of cumming on my feet.
Know your place-cum on the floor," she snapped at him.

With a loud groan Pete deposited his spunk on the toilet floor.

"You're going to have to clean that-we don't want anyone to know what happened
here."

When Pete looked up expecting to be handed a mop she screamed, "Use your tongue,
you idiot. Don't you know your station in life. Your role can never get any
higher than this-a full fledged toilet for a superior being like me. You should
be grateful that you have gotten so much from me."

Pete hastily sucked off his own cum from the floor and looked up expectantly.
All this time he had felt normal, feeling so happy that he had given her
pleasure even given her an orgasm and now she was treating him like shit.

"Ok Pete put your head in there," she said pointing to the bowl. Pete did not
hesitate this time for her voice was stern and he realized that he really had to
be grateful for being in her presence.

Pete stuck his head in but did not make contact with the shit thinking perhaps
she would not notice. Dana then placed her heeled foot on top of his buttocks
wedging in on his ass crack with the heel of her shoe. Pete felt the cold heel
penetrate his ass and stop. It did not go very far in, but Pete now felt even
more submissive and with a passionate tremor he said, "I love you Dana."

"I know that Pete. I know that," she said in a low sensual voice that made
Pete's rump rise up in pride. "Don't worry, Pete, one day I will rape and
plunder that tiny little ass of yours." Then she paused and said in a very
serious tone, "Pete  want you to show me how much you love me...I want you to
kiss, I want you to plant the most loving kiss you can muster..." She paused and
then let out a cruel laugh. " I want you to place a kiss on my shit. C'mon show
me how much you love me.

Trembling and shaking Pete kissed the shit in front of him. "Louder! I want to
hear your kisses."

Pete smacked his lips the next time he planted a kiss on her shit. The mushy
shit felt funny between his lips and the malodorous odor was suffocating him.

"I want to play a little game.. it's a game to test your love. You must beg to
kiss my shit, actually beg to kiss my sweet chocolate."

"Please Dana, grant me a kiss. Let me kiss your sweet chocolate."

"Permission granted." Pete kissed the shit and then Dana landed a kick on his
ass cheeks.

"Thank me."

"Thank you Dana."

"Beg me."

"Please Dana may I kiss your sweet chocolate."

"permission granted." Kiss, kiss and slap-Dana kicks.

"Thank you Dana. Please let me kiss your sweet chocolate."

"permission granted." Kiss, kiss and slap-Dana kicks.

"Thank you Dana. Please let me kiss your sweet chocolate."

Kiss, kiss and slap-Dana kicks.

They played this until Pete sobbed uncontrollably, his ass cheeks red from
several well placed kicks and his lips coated with thick shit.

Dana then used her foot to push his head down into the toilet bowl. Pete was now
drowning and gurgling shit.

"Do you love me, Pete."

"I do! I do!" Pete said but all that could be heard was a gurgling sound as the
shit water got inside his mouth and he spluttered and chocked and gasped for
air.

"Be early tomorrow, 7.am sharp!," she said and released him as Pete breathed in
a much needed gulp of air. "And, don't forget to flush!" she said chuckling and
then walked out, the sound of her heels echoing down the hallway.

Pete cried again, but no matter how much she abused him, he would only love her
the more. And this the greatest experience he ever had and the best job he could
ever had, he could not wait for his next day at work.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sam Dan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





