BDSM Library - The Veterinarian




The Veterinarian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Doctor's assistant and friend takes her boyfriend but then must take the consequences for her actions.both become transformed sexslaves.The Veterinarian 
BY THE EVIL MISTRESS  
Just outside of the big city of Los Angeles, California there is
  a small animal hospital that is operated by Lana West. The 42 year-old busty,
  redhead has owned her business for 20 years and has done quite well for herself. 
The beautiful redhead stands five feet-four inches and tips the scales a 115
  luscious pounds, and is the envy of many women half her age. She, like many
  working women today, is very athletic and has a firm body type that is desired
  by a majority of 20-year-olds. Her slim figure and lovely 36c breast have the
  guys panting at her feet with lust. 
Lana has a boyfriend with whom she shares an apartment. Lucky Bobby! She also
  has a young female assistant named Muffy who helps her with the animals in
  her animal hospital. The blond haired, blue-eyed 24-year-old beauty has a similar
  body type as her boss, Lana. 
This one evening, Lana had to stay over late and do some extra work for preparations
  of the coming week. Muffy asks Lana if she can leave early. Lana gives Muffy
  permission to leave early, but Lana continues to work on several more hours
  before her chores are finished. Finally, she is finished and quickly heads
  to her apartment where she and her boyfriend Bobby have been sharing an apartment
  for the last few years. 
Bobby is a handsome stud with a hard, firm body and a big cock, which Lana
  loves getting fucked with several times a week. As Lana drives into her apartment
  garage she finds that someone has parked in her parking space and she has to
  park elsewhere. Thinking no more of it she gets her things and heads up to
  her apartment. 
As Lana opens her apartment door and goes in she is about to say something
  when she hears sounds coming from the bedroom. She thinks,"Oh Bobby must be
  home early". She proceeds to make her way back to the bedroom and intends to
  surprise him. But, the sounds are getting louder as she continues to walk to
  the bedroom. She now hears two distinct voices, one a female, coming from the
  bedroom. Lana peeks around the corner and gets the surprise of her life. It's
  Muffy bouncing up and down on the bed as she is straddled over Bobby's midsection.
  Lana can see Bobby's large cock going in and out of Muffy's tight little pussy
  as he pounds her up and down on his rock hard dick. She screams as she climaxes,
  not once but several times. 
Poor Lana watches from her hidden spot for what seems like hours, but actually
  only about 30 minutes. Lana's sorrows soon turns into a scathing fury of revenge. 
As the two lovers finish, Lana slips back out of the apartment to her automobile.
  The two lovers never new she was there. 
A few days later Lana is busy working on a plan to teach the two lovers that
  it is not a good thing to take another woman's man. Soon the two will get a
  lesson they will never forget. Lana thinks to herself," So, that little bitch
  thinks she can take my man, does she? Well, we will just see about that little
  bitch. Hummmm, that's it. Because she acts like a bitch in heat, that's what
  she'll be when I am done with her." "Also I need to take care of Bobby, but
  that can wait. First things first." She reasons. 
After several days of working out her plan, the day arrives. Bobby is out
  of town on business and won't be back for several days. Lana knows that Muffy
  has no close relatives to miss her, so Lana begins to put her plan into action. 
As the workday comes to an end, Muffy helps get the last of the big dogs feed
  and watered. Lana continues her usual chores while avoiding any disclosure
  of her plans to her unsuspecting prey, Muffy! 
Lana asks Muffy if she wants something to drink, as Muffy finishes checking
  the cages." Sure, if you don't mind." Muffy replies. "Oh, it's no problem.
  I will be right back." Lana assures Muffy. Lana runs off to get a couple of
  drinks. She fixes two drinks, but drops some sleeping pills in one of them.
  Quickly she returns and offers Muffy the fixed drink. "Here, you must be thirsty
  after cleaning all of those cages you did earlier." Lana says in a sympathetic
  voice. "Yes I am. Thanks." Muffy replies. Muffy drinks the soda fast. Lana
  thinks that now the wait shouldn't be too long. 
They begin to chat about the day's work and how they got so many big dogs
  in for this week. "Much more than usual."Muffy says. : Yes we did." Replies
  Lana. As they continue to talk, the drug begins to kick in. Within a few minutes
  Muffy's out cold. Lana drags her limp lifeless body into the surgery room. 
She removes all of Muffy's jewelry, rings, necklace, earrings, and anything
  that may help to identify her later. She then strips her of all her clothing.
  When this is complete, Lana struggles with Muffy's naked body and gets her
  up on the table. Now she surveys what has to be done and begins to work. She
  checks out Muffy's neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair." Well, we want need
  this." She says softly to herself, and begins to lather Muffy's pubic area.
  With a few quick swipes of her razor, Muffy's is clean and smooth as she was
  when she arrived on Earth. Lana applies an ointment to Muffy's cunt area that
  makes hair re-growth impossible. She then inserts several IV hoses into Muffy's
  arms that will allow the new experimental drugs to flow into Muffy's unconscious
  body. The drugs will assist in the transformation of her new future life. Lana
  continues to pump huge amounts of the new experimental DNA hormone into the
  girl's comatose body. What would normally take months and years, will require
  only a few hours or perhaps a few days at most, as Lana is speeding up the
  process. 
Lana works her way up to the girl's tits and pierces both. She then decides
  to pierce Muffy's cunt as well, but retreats and laughs. She then goes back
  to Muffy's mouth. "Let's see we need to file down these teeth to make them
  more acceptable to your new look." She thinks to herself. After several minutes
  she finishes and starts to work on Muffy's hands and feet. 
Lana brings out what appears to be gloves made to look like paws. She takes
  Muffy's hands and tapes them into balls and places the paw gloves over her
  hands. Lana then stitches them to her wrist so they are firmly attached. She
  then applies the same procedure to Muffy's feet. 
Now, Lana steps back and looks at her work." Just a few more adjustments and
  you will be finished sweetie." She thinks to herself. She then goes back to
  Muffy's throat area." Ummm, sense bitches,or should I say dogs, don't talk
  you won't be in need of your vocal cords, so I will take care of that." She
  muses. With a few precise slices of her scalpel, Muffy's voice box is altered
  forever more. No more will she be able to talk as a human can. From now on
  she'll only be able to yelp and bark. Lana stands back and laughs to herself. 
" Last but not least, you need a tail." Lana insists. Lana rolls Muffy over
  onto her side and proceeds to cut a small slit down Muffy's tailbone. She then
  takes a real dog's tail and stitches graph's it into place. Making it a permanent
  part of Muffy's new structure also while she is rolled over she cuts Muffy's
  tendons in her legs. Muffy has now been transformed and will never stand upright
  again. Lastly she decides to shave the sides of Muffy's head and and tie her
  remaining hair into two pigtails with pink ribbons in them. Lana cleans everything
  and puts Muffy into her new home for now.Muffy remains in a deep sleep for
  the next two days and then slowly awakens. " Oh, looks who is finally awake." Lana
  proudly states as she stands outside in front of the cage. Muffy is startled
  to move around. 
Frightened and puzzled, Muffy looks around and inspects her surroundings in
  an effort to determine where she is."Oh, what's wrong sweetie? Don't you like
  your new home?" Lana questions. Muffy looks at herself and tries to speak,
  but nothing comes out of her mouth but a low squeaky whine. 
"Well. I guess you see what can happen when you fool around with another woman's
  man. Now since you were such a hot little horny bitch and fucked my boyfriend,
  I thought it would only be fitting that you become what you really are, a dog;
  or to be more precise, a female bitch." Lana says, proudly. Lana then brings
  in a full-length mirror so Muffy can see new appearance. Tears roll down Muffy's
  cheeks as she sees for herself that she is now truly a dog. A female bitch. 
"Now, you no longer will be able to neither speak nor have the ability to
  stand upright. I have severed your tendons in your feet and legs and sliced
  your vocal cords, so you are now only able to bark or make yelps." Explains
  Lana. "O h since you are such a horny bitch, I put a special batch of female
  dog hormone into your body. That is what is making you so horny. But don't
  worry Sweetie; I've taken care of all your needs." Lana assures Muffy." You
  see, these big boys here you were taking care of the other day now they will
  be taking good care of you from now on." Laughs Lana. Lana opens the big door
  and six large male dogs rush into the cage with Muffy. Muffy tries to get away
  from them, but it is a vain effort. She is outnumbered and unaccustomed to
  her new body as to how to move. With the excessive female hormone her body
  is producing, the dogs are highly excited with lust. Their only goal at the
  present is to fuck their new bitch. 
Lana watches until she sees the first big dog mount his new bitch and ties
  with her thrusting his large knot deep into his new bitch in heat, then laughs." Well
  you all have fun, and play nice." She commands as she leaves Muffy to the mercy
  of the excited dogs. As she closes the door to the sounds of the dogs barking
  and yelping as they try to get their turn at their new bitch Muffy. Whose screams
  are nothing more than barks and yelps as well as her new lover fight over who
  is next to mate the bitch. Lana returns several hours later to find her new
  pet all broken-in." Well don't you look just lovely in your afterglow from
  your mating Muffy? You want get pregnant right off but in a few months your
  new DNA codes will make your new body more acceptable to becoming pregnant.
  Then you'll be having your first litter I hope you enjoyed their big knots
  because I've got a very special mate for your first litter. But my boys here
  will keep you very busy from now on." Assures Lana. "Oh, I almost forgot, maybe
  you think Bobby will come and save you. Not a chance in hell of that happening!" Lana
  says forcefully. "I want you to meet my other new pet. Here boy! Pssst, pssst,
  oh here he comes!" Lana says. Muffy looks on from inside her cage. "Come on
  Bobby. Here boy!" Lana calls loudly. Muffy is stunned! She can't believe what
  she is seeing. 
Her now ex-lover Bobby is being lead in on a leash, as a tall lady brings
  him over to where Lana sits." Well here he is Muffy." Lana explains. "I'm afraid
  his business trip didn't goes as he had planned, did it June?" Lana laughs." I'm
  afraid not. But you know, it's not Bobby anymore." June says." Oh, you are
  right. How impolite of me! I mean here is Buffy!" Lana laughingly acknowledges." The
  two of you will soon be together. Both of you alike in many more ways than
  you realize. His big cock got him in trouble, so I had my friend June take
  care of all that. Didn't you June?" Lana says as she laughs. "Yep! It's all
  gone now. Buffy has a nice little tight pussy like you Muffy. Says June. "But,
  that won't last long when the boys there get done with you two." Laughs Lana. 
"Well, the both of you have fun now. We will check back on you in a few days.
  June and I have to go and get your new home ready." Teases Lana 
"Oh, don't worry, the boys will take good care of you. I just gave them a
  new drug. They can fuck for days without tiring! Have fun. 
You know I just wish they could impregnate Buffy as well then we could have
  a matching pair of litters. Well don't worry I'm still working on that at least
  one out of the two is going to get knocked-up .As they watch as the huge dogs
  mount the two former lovers and thrust their huge pink cocks deep into the
  flaming hot pussies in front of them then after a few short minutes knotting
  them as well to breed their bitches.Bye, my little bitches! Ha ha ha haha !" Lana
  and June laugh as she closes the door on the two former lovers as they now
  will begin their new lives as mates and mistress's. 
THE END   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





