BDSM Library - A Reluctant Master




A Reluctant Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In the island kingdom of Cerna, nearly half of the female population are slaves.  Some were born into slavery, others were enslaved for crimes, while still others were taken from foreign lands in slave raids.  There are even some who chose the collar.  Regardless of how they reached their status, these women must serve the whims of their masters and mistresses.  For in the eyes of their society, they are merely valuable pieces of property.
    Daniel was tending to his alchemist's shop.  The walls were covered in
shelves, filled with elixirs, powders, and salves.  Through the door in the back
was his living space and alchemy lab.

    Daniel's attention was drawn by a customer entering the shop.  She was a
comely young woman with long blond hair.  She wore a loincloth, and little more
than a strip of silk covering her full breasts.  She held a piece of parchment
in one hand, and a coin purse in the other.

    Technically the girl was not a customer.  She was the just a slave carrying
out a transaction for her owner, the real customer.  The collar around her neck
was proof of this.  Not that the collar was necessary to indicate her status. 
No free women would ever expose that much skin in pubic. 

    Daniel abhorred the practice of slavery.  He didn't see how a people so
civilized could condone something so barbaric.  However, He had long ago learned
that voicing such opinions was pointless, and potentially dangerous.  Most men
saw nothing wrong with slavery, largely because men couldn't legally be
enslaved.  Any free women who objected to it wisely kept silent on the matter.
Those that didn't were no longer free women.		

    The prevailing wisdom was that women were the naturally submissive sex. So
slavery was not that far from their normal position in society.  Men, by
contrast, are meant to dominate. Thus, slavery was an unnatural and unbearable
state for males. The result of these beliefs was that men's liberty was fiercely
protected by the state, while women could be legally enslaved for any number of
reasons.  Daniel's mind dwelled on this state of affaires whenever he saw a
slave girl, like the one before him. 

    The girl handed Daniel the parchment and said, "My master, Lord Eliot VII,
wishes to purchase these items

    It was typical for a lord, or even a wealthy merchant, to send a slave for
routine shopping.  The shopping list this slave brought was also typical.  It
called for some medicinal salves, a popular fragrance of perfume, and
infertility elixir.  The last item, taken monthly, would prevent a woman's
period of fertility.  It was used almost exclusively for slaves.  Free women
were supposed to have as many children as possible.

    Daniel began gathering the items on the list.  The slave girl waited
patiently, with parted legs and a downcast gaze, as she had been trained to do. 
Suddenly she staggered, and fell to her knees.

    "What's wrong?" Daniel asked genuinely concerned.

    "I do not feel well," The slave responded.  Daniel noticed a red mark on her
exposed arm that hadn't been there before.   Looking around he spotted an orange
insect buzzing about.  It was a tickfly.  To most people its sting was just a
nuisance, but to those who were allergic it could be deadly.

    Daniel turned back to his selves of elixirs and tonics.  It took him only a
moment to locate the bottle he needed.  He rushed to the fallen women's side. 
She was now on the floor convulsing.

    "Drink this," he instructed as he brought the bottle to her lips.  For
several agonizing minutes she continued to convulse.  Then her muscles slowly
relaxed.  The antidote had worked.

    The girl got up to her knees, but didn't stand. "This slave thanks you sir,"
she said with heart felt sincerity.  Daniel helped her to her feet.

    "Here are the things your master requested," Daniel said as if nothing had
happened.  He was afraid of what the attractive slave might offer him in
gratitude.  Rather he was afraid he would accept.  He didn't want to take
advantage of the girl like that.

    Like any well trained slave, the girl followed Daniel's lead.  She payed the
alchemist, and carefully placed the flasks in the cloth bag he offered her. She
left the shop without another word.

    Daniel was pleased with himself.  He has saved a life, and stayed true to
his personal ethics. 



    The next day the same slave girl returned, with a letter.  She handed it to
Daniel without a word.  It bore the wax seal of the House of Eliot.  It was
addressed to Daniel the Alchemist.  He opened it and read:

    It has come to my attention that you are saved the life of my slave
yesterday.  You owe no duty to me. You would not have been held responsible if
she had died of an insect bite. Yet you acting swiftly, and at the expense of
one of your valuable elixirs, to preserve her life. I know many nobles who would
not have acted so nobly.  Such action calls for a reward.  Yet you asked for
none.  This makes your act all the more noble, and the need for a reward even
greater. I believe that a reward should fit the deed, just as a punishment
should fit the misdeed.  Thus, I have sent you this gift.

    Sincerely, Lord Eliot VII

    Daniel looked up from the letter with a confused expression, "Gift?"  The
slave girl had brought nothing but the letter and the sparse clothing she wore. 
Daniel had no idea what gift she could be bearing.  Then he noticed the
inscription on her collar.

    "I am the gift, Master," she explained.  Daniel didn't want to believe this
was happening to him, but there was no denying it.  Her collar read: Property of
Daniel the Alchemist.

    Daniel quickly considered his options.  If he were to refuse such a generous
"gift" Lord Eliot would be offended.  Daniel couldn't afford to offend a lord. 
He could accept her, and then set her free.  Unfortunately freeing her too soon
would also offend her former master.  Daniel didn't see any choice but to keep
the girl as his slave for the time being.  As he made that decision, he felt a
jolt of excitement, but quickly dismissed it.

    "What is your name?" he asked, realizing he still knew her only as Lord
Eliot's, or rather his, slave girl.

    "I am called Jasmine, Master," she replied.

    "Well Jasmine," Daniel said. "I imagine there are quite a few things I need
to purchase for you.  More clothing for instance.  I have never owned a slave
before.  So you will know what is needed far better than I do."  He handed
Jasmine a coin purse. "Go buy the necessary items."

    Jasmine was surprised by her new master's first command.  He hadn't even
seen her naked yet, and he was sending her away on errands.  She was well
trained though, and hesitated for only a moment before taking the purse and
turning to leave the alchemist's shop.  Such hesitation, as brief as it was,
might have earned her a whipping from her former master.  Daniel hadn't even
noticed.

    Daniel watched her leave.  Her hips swayed slightly as she walked, giving a
peak at her well-rounded ass with each step.  He had recognized that she was
beautiful when he first saw her.  Now she seemed to be the most attractive woman
in the world.  Thoughts of courting her entered his mind.  He couldn't woo a
slave of course.  Yet, she was his slave now.  Which could be even better.  With
a slave he could. . .

    "No," he said aloud.  "I will not use that girl as a plaything for my own
pleasure."  Even as he made the vow, he couldn't help imagining what a
magnificent plaything she would be.



    It was late in the afternoon when the potential plaything finally returned. 
She bore two large bags, that bulged with their contents.

    "Where have you been all this time?" Daniel demanded, louder than he had
intended.

    Jasmine dropped her gaze to the floor, and answered, "There were many things
I had to get at the market, Master.  I should not have spent so long at the
tailor's shop."  She held up the bag in her left hand.  "This contains
instruments for punishing me."

    Daniel was taken aback by her matter-of-fact acceptance of punishment.  He
took the bag and looked inside.  It contained a ridding crop, a whip, a wooden
paddle, rope, shackles, small clamps, and other items used to punish and
restrain slaves.  Daniel removed an item from the bag that he didn't recognize. 
It was a cylinder with one end rounded off, made of a rubbery material.  "What
is this," he asked.  His former anger completely replaced by curiosity.

    Jasmine raised her head just enough to see the object in her master's hand. 
A faint blush colored her cheeks as she explained, "It's a dildo, Master.  It's
used on a slave. . . as a man's organ would be."  She wondered if she had made a
mistake by buying the dildo.  She had heard that some men hated them.  If Daniel
was one of them, she could be in for a severe punishment.  He was already angry
with her, for the length of her shopping trip.

    "You were doing as I commanded you to do," Daniel said.  "It would appear
that you followed my orders very well.  It is not your fault that I failed to
realize how much I was asking for."

    Jasmine looked up cautiously, "I will not be punished, Master?"

    "You have done nothing do deserve punishment," Daniel said.  "If anything, I
owe you an apology for yelling at you."

    "Thank you, Master," Jasmine said with a wide smile.  "May I try on my new
clothing now, Master?"

    "Yes, go ahead," Daniel said.

    Jasmine reached back to unfasten her top.  The flimsy covering fell to the
floor.  Daniel had not intended for her to change in front of him.  But once she
willingly bared her flesh to him, he couldn't bring himself to stop her. 
Without his intervention, she untied her loincloth, and sent it to the floor as
well.  Her pussy was covered by a neatly trimmed triangle of golden hair.  It
occurred to Daniel that she would look even better with bear pussy lips.  He
suppressed the temptation to shave her crotch.

    The happy slave girl rummaged through the other bag.  She produced a very
short red skirt, and matching halter top.  Daniel found her getting dressed
almost as alluring as when she stripped.  She did a twirl, causing the skirt to
flare out and giving Daniel another look at her pussy and ass.

    Jasmine spent the rest of the evening modeling different slave outfits. 
Most were made of either silk or leather (or steal in the case of the chastity
belt).  They all showed off far more than they covered up.   By the time she
tried on the last one, Daniel was accustomed to seeing her naked, but found the
sight no less attractive.

    "I have a guest bedroom.  It will be your room now," Daniel told Jasmine as
it was getting late.

    "I will not be sharing your bed, Master?" Jasmine asked.

    "No, you'll be sleeping in your own bed, at least tonight," Daniel replied. 
He silently berated himself for adding the last part.

    Jasmine was disappointed.  Repeatedly modeling, and stripping, in from of
his hungry gaze had aroused her.  More importantly, she was growing fond of her
new master.  She was eager for a chance to please him in the bedroom.  She was
also confused.  She knew he found her attractive.  Why wasn't he going to use
her?



    The following morning, Daniel woke to the smell of bacon and eggs.  After
going though his morning routine, with a bit more hast than usual, he went to
the kitchen to investigate.  As he had suspected, Jasmine was making him
breakfast.  What he hadn't suspected, was that she was naked save for her
collar.

    "Why aren't you dressed?" Daniel asked.  In truth, he had no objection to
the open display of her charms.

    "I didn't know what you wanted me to wear," Jasmine explained, as she
brought a plate of freshly cooked food.

    "You can decide that for yourself from now on," Daniel said.

    "Thank you, Master," Jasmine said.  "Should I go get dressed now?"

    Daniel was tempted to say no.  He would have liked to keep her naked a
little longer.  Despite that he said, "Yes, go put something on. Then come back,
and have breakfast."

    When she returned, Jasmine was wearing the red skirt and halter.  She walked
up to the table and asked, "Should I kneel, Master?"

    "Kneel?  Why?"  Daniel asked perplexed.

    "When my former master allowed me to eat with him, He would have me kneel at
his side, and feed me from his plate," Jasmine explained.

    This stirred two conflicting feelings in Daniel.  He was disgusted that Lord
Eliot treated Jasmine in such a degrading manner.  At the same time, he the idea
appealed to him.  "Sit at the table," he forced himself to say.

    "Thank you, Master," Jasmine said cheerfully before taking a seat.  It was
endearing how happy such little things made her.  She reacted to any kindness or
respect as if it were a special treat.  That's because she's used to being
treated like an animal, Daniel reminded himself.

    "Your going to assist me with the shop," Daniel told Jasmine as they eat. 
"I've been having difficulty dividing my time between making the merchandise,
and selling it.  I had intended to hire help.  That won't be necessary now."

    "As you wish, Master," Jasmine replied submissively.  She was happy to serve
him in whatever way he wanted.  Though, she would have liked to serve him in a
more intimate fashion.

    They were silent for the rest of the meal.  Afterwards, they went up front
to the shop.  "I haven't cleaned in here for far too long," Daniel commented. 
"Fetch a bucket and some rags."

    "Yes Master," Jasmine said.  She hurried off to obey.

    Daniel began taking his daily inventory.  An important part of his business
was keeping track of which products he needed to make more of.  He continued to
work when Jasmine returned.  "You should start with the floor," he said
absently.

    Daniel looked over at Jasmine.  She was scrubbing the floor on all fours,
facing away from him.  In that position, with such a short skirt on, her ass was
perfectly displayed.  He stared for some time, before finally ripping his gaze
away.  He resumed walking along the selves, inspecting their contents.  He
glanced over at Jasmine again, and found her lovely backside still facing him. 
Now he was suspicious.  He crossed the room to look at the perfumes.  After a
suitable delay, he turned to look at her once more.  Yet again she was
positioned to give him an optimal view of her lower curves.  She was doing it on
purpose.

    Daniel considered what he should do.  He could punish her.  A spanking would
be fitting.  Yet, that was exactly the kind of thing he had been trying to
avoid.  He decided it would be best to pretend he didn't notice.

    This frustrated Jasmine.  She hadn't expected him to take her then and
there, but she had hoped for some kind of reaction.  There was plenty of time
though.  Eventually she would succeed.  She knew that deep down, he wanted to
use her as much as she wanted to be used.



    Over the following days Daniel taught Jasmine how to run the alchemy shop. 
He showed her where different items went on the selves, what their uses were,
and reasonable prices for each. She was an attentive student, and learned
quickly.  It was not long before he could leave her to run the shop, while he
worked in his lab.  Daniel noted an increase in sales after the beautiful slave
had started working in the shop.

    Jasmine continued trying to coax him into using her as a pleasure slave. 
Showing off her ass was now standard proceeder whenever she wore a skirt or
loincloth.  She also found ways of "accidently" giving peaks of her nipples and
cunt.  Eventually she started using innuendo in her speech.  For instance, she
once asked, "Master, will this balm really sooth any itch?"

    One day a young free woman entered the shop.  She was sixteen, perhaps
seventeen.  Her father would be marring her off soon.  The quality of her dress
indicated that she was from a well off family, but not nobility.  "May I help
you?" Jasmine asked her.

    "I'm looking for Daniel, the owner of this shop.  I'm Katrina, his niece,"
the girl explained.  "Are you his slave?"

    "Yes, I am.  He is working in his lab," Jasmine replied.

    "I won't disturb him.  Alchemy can be delicate work," Katrina said.  She
seemed more interested in Jasmine than her uncle.  "He's never had a slave
before.  I never understood why.  He's wealthy enough.  He won't talk about, and
my parents get angry when I ask them. I would like nothing more than to have a
slave girl of my own.  My father has two, but he never lets me play with them."

    Jasmine was starting to feel uncomfortable with this girl.  Katrina was her
master's niece.  Did that mean that she should treat the girl as her mistress? 
Katrina was leering at her like a cat who had found a crippled bird.

    "How many times has my uncle used you in the bedroom?" Katrina asked.

    "He... He has never used me," Jasmine answered sadly.

    "Really?  Well I'm sure it's just a matter of time.  You've got the kind of
body that is meant to be used," Katrina said.  Jasmine hoped that she was right
about that.  She was beginning to wonder if he would ever partake of her charms. 

    "Lift your skirt," Katrina ordered suddenly.  This was what Jasmine had been
dreading.  Should she do as the girl commanded?  In her master's absence she had
to assume that his kin had authority over her.  She lifted up her blue skirt,
revealing her blond pussy to the girl's inquisitive eyes.

    "Turn around," Katrina commanded.  This time Jasmine did not hesitate to
obey.  She felt a hand run long the smooth skin of her exposed rear end.  "He
hasn't whipped you recently," the girl ideally commented.  "Unless... Has he
whipped your tits?"

    "No, he hasn't punished me at all," Jasmine informed the girl.  She still
wasn't sure if she should be calling her mistress.

    "He's never punished you?"  Katrina sounded surprised and a little
disappointed.  "You must be a very good girl."  Jasmine blushed at that comment. 
Her continuous attempts to entice her master were hardly the actions of a "very
good" slave girl.  Yet, Daniel had never once punished her for it, or even
scolded her.  That was one of the reasons she still held out hope of succeeding.

    "Does he do anything with you, besides having you run his shop?" Katrina
asked.

    "Very little," Jasmine answered, regretfully.

    "When I told you to lift your skirt, you didn't do it right away," Katrina
observed.  "Hesitating to obey is something my father punishes his slaves for." 
She sat down and patted her lap.  Jasmine knew exactly what the gesture meant. 
She draped herself over Katrina's lap, giving the girl convenient access to her
uncovered behind.

    Katrina was excited to have this woman's ass completely at her mercy.  At
first she just ran her hand over it, appreciating its smooth curves.  Then she
started pinching the defenseless flesh.  Finally she was ready for the main
event.  Without warning, she brought her hand down sharply.  She wasn't sure
which sound was more satisfying, the smack, or the surprised gasp of pain.

    Katrina continued to spank Jasmine, with giddy delight.  She would stop from
time to time to fondle and pinch, but always came back to the spanking.  She had
no number of spankings in mind.  She planed to entertain herself with the
slave's ass until she felt like stopping.  Jasmine would have had to endure it
for a long time, if her master had not intervened.  "What is going on here?"
Daniel demanded to know, as he entered the room.

    "I was punishing your slave for disobedience uncle," Katrina explained.

    "She is mine to punish, not yours," Daniel said sternly.

    "Well then you should punish her," Katrina suggested.  "I gave her an order
and she didn't follow it promptly."

    Daniel looked at Jasmine bright red ass and winced.  "I think she has
already been punished quite enough," he said.  "Perhaps you should go home
Katrina."

    "As you wish uncle," Katrina replied, letting Jasmine off her lap.  She
skipped out of the shop, still giddy from having spanked a slave for the first
time.

    Daniel retrieved a jar from the selves.  He took the seat that his niece had
just vacated, and made the same lap patting gesture.  Once again Jasmine found
herself over someone's lap, ass exposed.  This time it was her master, and
instead of stinging blows, his hand delivered a soothing ointment.  She savored
the feeling, as rubbed her sore flesh.  Jasmine savored he feeling.  She had
been deprived any intimate contact since becoming Daniel's slave.  Even if he
had chosen to spank her, she would have welcomed his touch.



    Jasmine couldn't stand living like this much longer.  She pleasured herself
at night, to make up for sensuous games she had been accustom to.  It was never
as satisfying as pleasure earned serving her master.  She was even beginning to
miss the kiss of the whip.  Her new master will treat her as a slave girl should
be treated, she swore to herself.  She would just have to put more effort into
encouraging him.

    Business was good for Daniel.  Jasmine was bringing in more customers than
he ever had.  Meanwhile, he was able to focus on the alchemy itself.  He had
always been better at making his products than selling them.  Despite it all, he
had never been under more stress.

    The young alchemist had thought living with Jasmine would grow easier with
time.  The truth was quite the opposite.  With each passing day, the temptation
to take advantage of her was harder to resist.

    To make matters worse, he was now certain that she was intentionally teasing
him.  She showed off her alluring curves at every opportunity. She made
suggestive comments.  She struck seductive poses when she knew he was watching. 
Apparently she realized that he didn't intend to use her body, and had decided
to taunt him about it.  Each time he failed to punish her behavior, she grew
bolder.

    Why did she have to be like that? Daniel thought bitterly.  Why couldn't she
just be happy he wasn't abusing her?  Did she have to mock him for it?  For
what?  For being a "weak" master?  For not raping and beating her?

    One morning, Daniel was surprised to find Jasmine wasn't in the kitchen, and
no breakfast had been prepared.  He fixed something himself, annoyed by the
extra work.  It was odd how quickly preparing meals had gone from being a daily
routine, to being extra work.

    Jasmine still hadn't shown herself by the time he finished eating.  He went
up front to look for her.  She wasn't in the shop either.  Growing increasingly
annoyed, he went to her room.  He found her there, naked, examining different
outfits.

    "Master, I'm glad you're here," she said, paying no attention to his angry
expression.  "I can't decide what to wear.  I've been thinking about the
chastity belt.  After all, if you aren't going to use me, certainly no one else
should.  I may as well be locked up.  The problem is that it just doesn't match
anything else I have."

    "That's it!" Daniel snapped.  He grabbed Jasmine and threw her onto her bed,
face down.  "I'm through putting up with your antics." Jasmine got up on her
hand and knees.  She looked up at Daniel, with both fear and desire.

    Daniel snatched a hairbrush from a side table.  He rapped his unoccupied arm
around Jasmine's waist, holding her in place.  With a swift motion, he brought
the flat side of the hairbrush down on her ass.  Jasmine gasped in pain.  He
struck again and again, with his impromptu paddle.  There was no planned number
of strokes, no pattern behind were he hit.  He simply vented his anger and
frustration on Jasmine's defenseless flesh.

    He finally stopped when his arm grew tired.  Tears streamed down Jasmine's
face.  Her rear end was practically glowing red.  Daniel released his grip on
her, but he wasn't done with her.

    Daniel stripped off his garments unceremoniously.  His cock jutted out,
fully erect.  There was no denying the pleasure he took in manhandling her
delicate body, and he no longer cared to try.

    He gabbed hold of Jasmine's hips, and took her from behind.  Jasmine's sobs
mingles with moans of pleasure.  All the anxiety of the past few days, Daniel's
struggles with his conscience, Jasmine's longing for gratification and feelings
of rejection, all fell away.  There was only a master using his slave.



Epilog

    Katrina entered her uncle's shop.  It had been a week since she had last
been there. She found Jasmine alone again, just as she had hoped.  The slave was
wearing a leather skirt and top.

    "Where is your master?" Katrina asked.

    "Working in his lab," Jasmine replied to Katrina's delight.

    "Lift your skirt," Katrina commanded without further delay.  Jasmine carried
out the command without protest or hesitation.  Katrina was presented with the
sight of her clean shaven pussy.  Katrina paused for a moment, surprised by the
change, before ordering Jasmine to turn around.  The slave's backside held a
greater surprise.  Her ass was as lovely as ever, but now is was adorned with
criss-crossing red stripes.  Katrina ran a finger lightly over one of the red
lines and said, "You've been whipped."

    "Yes, Master whips me often.  Sometimes he even whips my breasts," Jasmine
said, sounding strangely proud of the punishment.

    "Your tits too?" Katrina said, remembering when she had inquired about the
possibility before.  "Show me." Jasmine obediently removed the leather halter
that concealed her breasts.  As promised, the twin globes also bore red marks. 
The largest concentration of lines ran across her nipples.

    "Katrina, what are you doing here?" Daniel asked.  Katrina's exited
expression suddenly drooped in disappointment.  Her dear uncle always seemed to
choose the most inconvenient time to emerge from his lab.

    "I was passing your shop, and stopped by to say hello, Uncle," Katrina
explained.

    "Really?" Daniel asked incredulously.  "It looks to me like you're here to
play with my slave."  Katrina gave a guilty smile.  "If that were the case, I
would tell you that it is out of the question.  Jasmine is needed here in the
shop.  You would have to come back when the shop is closed."

    As Katrina realized what you uncle had just said, a wide grin spread across
her face.  "I will be in this area again, later today," she said.  "Perhaps I
will stop by again.  To say hello."

     "I sure Jasmine would like that, wouldn't you?" Daniel said.

     With a hint of a smile, Jasmine replied, "Yes, Master."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master13


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





