BDSM Library - Quality by ZEBRA




Quality by ZEBRA
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: ZEBRA is known the world over for his quality.  His product is always desired above all others.  He is the ultimate designer label of his product.  His product:  well-trained sex slaves.QUALITY by ZEBRA   
a JEP story   
My name is "ZEBRA". That is, my user name is ZEBRA. I selected that name
  because it portrays the ambiguity of the image I present to the outside world.
  The "straight" world sees me as an upright, religious, ethical person. A good
  person to know. A person whose scruples are pure white. The nether world sees
  me as a sex/slave broker for women's bodies. A trainer of subjects. A person
  whose scruples are completely black.  
She had boring tits. I had never thought I would say that about any tits
  but it was certainly true with her. I had seen big tits, little tits, misshapen
  tits, ugly tits &ndash; but never boring tits &ndash; until now. They just
  kind of hung there with no personality whatsoever. They were big enough &ndash; probably "C" cups
  but they hung straight down with their very average nipples pointing directly
  down. Her tits were slightly long, and shaped like a cylinder made of skin.
  They were such that no one would ever look at them twice. They were just there.  
I was leading her on her dog chain as she shuffled along on her hands and
  knees, just to my left and slightly behind by left heel. I had been training
  her for about a month now and she was coming along nicely. Other than her nondescript
  tits, she was a fine looking bitch. Her ass was full and shapely without being
  oversized. Her pussy hair was a tan color and covered some really nice looking
  pussy lips. She had good legs below her hips and a nice flat stomach above.
  She had a pretty face with brown hair and green eyes. Her lips were full and
  sensual. She was twenty-four years old and in good shape other than her lousy
  tits.  
She had resisted at first, as they always do, when I captured her and began
  her training. Now, after the usual amount of punishment and degradation, she
  was coming along nicely. The scars on her tits, back, and ass were healing
  well and I knew she would bring a good price when I finally put her up for
  auction on my web site. As she shuffled along behind me, my chain pulling insistently
  on her dog collar, her tits were waving back and forth in the air. Her ass
  was swaying gently despite the solid, steel chain I had crammed up her ass
  hole. I had crammed at least two feet of it up her rectum and allowed the remaining
  six feet to trail along the floor. She winced quite a bit as the steel links
  probably rubbed against her tender inner ass linings. Yet she kept up the pace.  
Every once in a while I would snap my fingers and she would bark like a dog.
  I always thought that was a nice touch. Despite all the things I had stuck
  up her ass and pussy, she had yet to feel my dick &ndash; or anyone else's &ndash; in
  any of her cavities. I had told her that soon would come the time when she
  felt my dick. I think I detected a hint of sadness in her eyes but she did
  not complain. I stopped walking quite quickly and she immediately came to a
  halt.  
I bent over slightly with my bare ass hanging out and she immediately put
  her nose in my ass and sniffed deeply. I wiggled my ass slightly and she began
  vigorously licking my ass hole. I rarely wiped very well when I took a shit
  and I know that large remnants of shit lined my hairy hole. She licked them
  in eagerly and swallowed them. It is amazing how electric prods in the ass
  will condition a bitch. When she finished, I turned and patted her head to
  show her that she had done well. She bobbed her head eagerly.  
I told her to roll over and she immediately flopped to her back with her
  hands and legs outstretched. I began kicking her boring tits and she didn't
  move a muscle although I did see a tear form in the corner of her right eye.
  Her tits wallowed back and forth as they reacted to my kicks and then returned
  to their original position for yet another kick. Soon they were black and blue
  and her nipples were beginning to swell. As my leg became tired I finally let
  up on her punishment.  
She recognized that this punishment was not to induce her to do anything,
  it was just a form of entertainment for me and her reason for living was my
  enjoyment and entertainment. I unsnapped her leash and told her she could go
  get a drink. I was sure she had to be dehydrated from our walk, I had been
  walking her in a fast circle for over an hour. She immediately crawled over
  to her pet dish and lapped up the water eagerly &ndash; if not very efficiently.
  The human tongue simply isn't designed to lap up liquids in the manner of a
  cat or dog. Yet, this was the only way I had allowed her to eat and drink for
  her entire tenure of service.  
The chain was still in her ass, so, while she was drinking it, I grabbed
  the free end and yanked it from her shit hole. She screeched and her head instinctively
  bounced forward and buried her face in the slimy water I allowed her to drink.
  Yet, she did not complain. The chain end had remnants of her shit, tissue and
  blood and I figured it must have hurt like a son-of-a-bitch when I removed
  it so forcibly. Yet, she did not complain. She was a good trainee!  
I told her she could piss now. She was only allowed to eliminate waste on
  my command. A men's urinal stood on the far wall. It was the kind that reached
  all the way to the floor. She crawled over to it, lifted her leg, and pissed.
  It was always sloppy for her to piss &ndash; there was a lot of splashing back
  on to her body, but she was used to it and accepted it as part of her new way
  of life. She is a good bitch! I just wished I could do something with those
  fucking tits! The only thing I could do was to beat and whip them continuously
  so that they were bruised and swollen. This sort of took a guy's mind off of
  their dullness.  
I left her huddled on the floor. The room was a special training room with
  the appropriate number of rings, tables, and various instruments of pain. She
  was moaning and cradling her breasts as I exited the soundproof room. I returned
  several hours later &ndash; bolstered by the power of Viagra. My dick was rock
  hard and my balls were full and ready for action. She was sitting on her haunches
  and her eyes widened as she saw me and my erection.  
She had seen my erection before as it grew from watching her pain and degradation.
  This was the first time she had seen me enter, cocked and ready. I told her
  to go over to the table and lean over it. By now, she knew what kind of movement
  was permissible. She crawled over to the table, raised herself up to her feet,
  and bent forward at the waist across the table. Her ass faced me invitingly.
  It was a good ass. I approached her and told her to reach back and pull her
  cheeks apart as wide as possible. She obeyed immediately and now I could see
  her tight little butt hole winking at me as, beneath it, her pussy lips sprung
  forth invitingly.  
I sucked on my forefinger until it was good and wet. Then, without any warning,
  I plunged it into her pussy. She screeched despite herself at the invasion.
  Her lips gripped my finger and her latent pussy moisture quickly mixed with
  my saliva. I flexed my finger and her pussy reacted by gripping my digit. It
  felt as though she was begging for more entrance into her sex tunnel.  
I placed my other forefinger into her tunnel and now my fingers were flexing
  in alternative motions to work the lining of her cunt. She was starting to
  groan now and moisture was forming in her sex. I continued to manipulate her
  and I could easily tell that an orgasm was building in her body. As her pussy
  continued to work harder on my fingers, her ass hole was also beginning to
  flex slightly with an opening and closing motion. Just as I knew her orgasm
  was about to go over the top, I removed my fingers and left her hanging.  
She looked back over her shoulder and started begging, "Please,
      please do me! Please push me over!"   
I responded to her audacity of asking me for something my putting my hands
  together in a huge clenched, joined fist &ndash; raising them high over my
  head and bringing them down with a solid blow to her kidneys. She screamed
  aloud but immediately quick begging. Then, I took my forefinger and drove it
  into her ass hole. Her ass resisted but my finger was relentless.  
She was moaning under her breath and I know she wanted mercy. I have no mercy.
  I began rutting my finger around her ass hole &ndash; stretching it dilating
  it to a wider opening. My dick was pointing straight ahead and its circumcised
  head was pulsating with anticipation of being buried in one of her holes. I
  took my free hand and coated my dick with my saliva. Then, I jerked my finger
  out of her ass hole and before she understood what was happening, I buried
  my huge dick in her ass.  
Now she screamed with all the power of her lungs as she felt me splitting
  her bowels in twain. I was humping her seriously now, burying my pubic hair
  in the crack of her ass. Somehow, because of the training I had given her,
  she continued to hold her ass cheeks apart. I could feel my balls bouncing
  off of her pussy. Somehow, through her pain, she was feeling excitement because
  I could feel the moisture on her pussy lips as my balls became wet with her
  juice. Now, even though I was looking down at her back, I could tell that her
  lungs were heaving, trying to take in additional oxygen. She was screaming
  now in pain and in ecstasy. She was actually yelling at me, telling me to bury
  my tool deeper. In a show of sensitivity, I complied with her request.  
Now my dick head was pulsating and suddenly I began pumping my seed into
  her ass. She could feel the hot torrent entering her bowels and her ass hole
  actually began milking my dick. My dick was still rock hard even as my cum
  was emptied into her most inner sanctum. I finally, slowly, began withdrawing
  my dick &ndash; leaving my essence inside of her. Her body glistened with perspiration
  and, not having to look at her boring tits, she was a beautiful sight. Cum
  and blood was oozing from her ass hole &ndash; running down her sweat-covered
  inner thighs. I told her to clean my dick.  
She immediately inferred what I meant as she turned around, fell to her knees,
  and took my shit-stained dick into her open mouth. She sucked vigorously, wrapping
  her tongue around my shaft. I could see a bulge in her throat move down as
  she quickly swallowed the products of her ass-fucking. She didn't flinch, but
  continued to suck and swallow. My dick was solid, thanks to Viagra. My balls
  began heaving again and I knew I had another load to drop &ndash; and &ndash; drop
  it I did. My cum filled her cheeks and she sucked the fluid down into her throat.
  Her eyes were wide as she realized how much punk I was pumping into her mouth.
  But, she was a good little sex trainee &ndash; and she took everything I had
  to offer.  
When my dick was finally pulled from her mouth, it was completely clean &ndash; showing
  no remnants of all that had taken place between us. She then moved down to
  my balls and began licking them vigorously. As she did this she reached between
  my legs and put her finger up into my ass hole. All in all it was a marvelous
  feeling and I could feel a sense of arousal creeping over me. When she felt
  that she had done a good job of licking my nuts she cuddled with my dick, pressing
  her cheek against it as she moved her face across all of my privates to show
  her affection.  
However, I had been disappointed at that way she had responded to my dick
  in her ass. I felt that she had shown a bit of pain and displeasure and this
  simply was not acceptable. I communicated my disappointment to her and her
  eyes took on a note of sadness. I told her to bend across the table again.
  She shuddered a bit and I knew that she knew what was coming. Yet, because
  of her good training by me, she said not a word.  
I took a large beach towel and soaked it completely until it was heavy with
  water. Then I rolled it lengthways into a large rope, tied a huge knot in one
  end and prepared to use it. I took a firm hold with both hands of the unknotted
  end, swung it through the air in a large circle and brought the knotted end
  down crushingly on to the middle of her back. The heavy wet knot met her bare
  skin with a satisfying sound of an immense crash. Her body reacted instinctively
  but she still didn't say a word.  
From previous experience with her and other trainees, I knew that the weapon
  created immense pain. Then I became a whirling windmill as I rained blows down
  on to her body, spreading them out so as not to omit any part of her exposed
  skin. She was crying now and biting her lower lip to keep from screaming. Her
  backside was turning all shades of colors &ndash; from purple to green to black
  to blue to colors that were not describable. I finally ran out of energy and
  quit the beating.  
Her body was shaking and I think she was almost ready to convulse. Yet she
  held her position, her knuckles turning white from gripping the far edge of
  the table. She knew what to do next as she turned, got to her knees, wrapped
  her arms around my hips until her fingers were almost buried in the crack of
  my ass and then, burying her face in my crotch, she said with deepest sincerity, "Thank
  you &ndash; thank you &ndash; thank you &ndash; I will do better in the future!"   
I slapped her once, sharply across the face and she fell over, sprawled on
  the floor. She knew that this was my signal to indicate that her punishment
  was complete for the moment. She thanked me again as she lay there with my
  handprint outlined clearly on her face. I exited the room and left her for
  three days with no contact whatsoever. Her food and water was slid in her room
  through an opening at the bottom of the door. I had also been able to determine
  that long periods of zero contact were almost as devastating to her as when
  I beat her or physically tortured her in other ways.  
When I finally returned there was a deep look of gratefulness on her face.
  She truly was glad to see me. I told her it was now time to enter a new phase
  of her training. It was time for 'toilet training'. She looked thoroughly confused
  because she obviously knew how to go to the toilet. There was a fairly small
  tub in one corner of the room. I had never let her use it to date. I had always
  opted for a shower for her instead. The shower stall was in another part of
  the training room.  
I told her to get in the tub and to insert the plug in the drain. She did
  so immediately. She seemed a bit startled when her bare skin touched the porcelain.
  I told her she was to sit in the tub for the next five days. She now looked
  very confused but she knew better than to ask questions. Her body just did
  fit in the tub although she had to pull up her knees as it was not long enough
  to let her extend her legs. It was deep however, and she was just able to see
  over the rim of the tub from her sitting position.  
I told her that she probably wondered what she was to do about her own toilet
  needs since she must not leave the tub for five days. She nodded her head and
  I told her this was her toilet! She seemed startled as the full import of that
  statement hit her. I then told her that the tub was also to be my toilet for
  the next five days. Her lower lip began to tremble and I could see that she
  was breathing in quick, short intakes of oxygen.  
I showed her some of what she was in store for as I walked over to the tub
  and let my dick dangle over the rim. Then, I let loose a solid, satisfying
  stream of deep yellow piss. It bounced off of her stomach and quickly gathered
  in the tub. It so happened that I had a full bladder and my piss seemed to
  go on forever. She was aghast at this new indignity and her mind was starting
  to imagine not moving for five days. The odor was quite pungent and I could
  tell that her gut wanted to betray her as she fought the act of vomiting. I
  told her anything that went in the tub &ndash; stayed in the tub for the entire
  duration. Vomiting was an option open to her but she should consider the consequences.  
Consider she did and her stomach stopped heaving. I insisted that she drink
  plenty of water and coffee. I showed her my sensitivity by holding the glass
  or cup for her as she drank it with little enthusiasm. After six hours passed
  she finally had to give up herself. She began pissing. Her piss made an interesting
  stream between her legs as it mixed with my donation and the yellow pool rose
  slightly about her. She was weeping openly now and I suspect she was wondering
  what would happen when she had to defecate.  
After twenty-four hours, both of us had pissed quite a bit in her temporary
  place of abode. The yellow liquid was now almost to her waist and it had developed
  a strange scum on it. It was almost as though the components of the piss were
  separating into separate ingredients.  
I had taken delight in concentrating my piss stream on various parts of her
  body. One time I pissed directly into her left ear. Another time, I had her
  lean her head back and I pissed into her nostrils. This seemed to cause her
  considerable discomfort and distress as she coughed and sputtered and involuntary
  tears flooded her eyes. Another time I took turns pissing on each of her nipples.
  I told her that was for having such boring, fucking tits. One of the more enjoyable
  times was when I pointed my dick to the heavens and pissed upward as high as
  I could. The piss stream made a loop as gravity captured it and it cascaded
  down on to the very top of her head, drenching her hair and splattering everywhere.  
She, herself, had pissed several times as I ensured that she drink plenty
  of liquids. She was sobbing almost constantly now and, yet, my fantastic training
  inhibited her from asking for release from this pissy tub. Finally, the time
  had come that I had been looking forward to and, I am sure, she had been dreading.
  I had to take a shit. I squatted down over the rim, directly over her stomach.
  I think she knew what was coming as she began to shudder magnificently.  
She saw me grunt and she almost said something but, then, she clamped her
  mouth shut before the words could escape her lips. I felt the turd coming and
  I knew it was going to be a grand one. It was long, and firm, and a thing of
  beauty. Her eyes widened to the size of saucers as she saw it begin to descend
  from my ass hole. She closed her eyes and knew of its arrival only as it arranged
  itself in her lap and as its fragrance invaded her senses.  
She was crying steadily now and I, fortunately, had two more to offer her.
  It was a good shit. I looked around and I saw a huge pile of shit arranged
  almost perfectly on her stomach and cunt hair. I told her to lean forward and
  lick my ass. She had done this plenty of times but never after a fresh bowel
  movement. She gagged, as she tasted the slickness around my ass hole. But,
  she was obedient and she cleaned me thoroughly. Her tongue felt good on my
  ass and I really had a satisfied feeling. Sometimes a good shit can almost
  be a religious experience. And, the ass cleaning via an eager tongue is the
  cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me of the entire event.  
As I stood and walked over to my recliner to watch her while I relaxed, she
  reached down gingerly and carefully pushed the pile of shit off of her body.
  One of the turds sank to the bottom of the piss pool while the other two floated
  on the surface. The movement of her body made interesting little ripples in
  the yellow pond and the floating turds seemed to bob like a raft on a busy
  ocean. I wondered what science was involved that caused some turds to float
  and some to sink? I asked her if she knew but she shook her head no as she
  eyed the turds that were floating about her. She began pushing the piss pool
  with her hands to keep the floating turds from touching her body. I reminded
  her that it was only the second day and she had three to go. She nodded her
  head sorrowfully.  
On the fifth day, piss was almost up to her chin. Turds were floating freely
  in the yellow broth. She had finally had to defecate but her legs were so weak
  from being in a single position that she was literally sitting in her own shit.
  The stench was overwhelming. She was immersed in a cesspool of her own piss
  and shit and my piss and shit. She was woozy from inhaling the powerful aroma.
  I asked her if she would like to try for another five days.  
She looked at the yellow ripples in front of her eyes and quickly said, "NO!"   
I said, "I have been loading up on beer and coffee. I feel as though
      my bladder is going to explode!"   
I then produced a funnel with a tube attached to it. I told her that if she
  drank all of my piss and didn't spill a drop, I would remove her from the piss-filled
  tub. She quickly agreed. I handed her the tube and she eagerly took it into
  her lips. Then I began pissing into the funnel. The tube was made of clear
  plastic and she could see the yellow liquid flowing down toward her mouth.
  She didn't hesitate. She actually began sucking so that it would enter her
  mouth even faster than gravity was pulling it. She then swallowed eagerly.
  She had been immersed in piss for so long and endured the stench so much that
  she didn't even mind the taste. I had been correct. I did have a lot of piss.  
A few times I had to squeeze off my dick as the funnel filled quicker than
  she could take it in. She felt as though she was drinking piss for an eternity.
  Her stomach was rolling from the invasion of the nasty liquid but she kept
  it down. And, she didn't spill a drop. Finally, after what seemed an eternity,
  I was shaking my dick to emit the last few drops of urine from my body. She
  couldn't believe she had drunk the whole thing!  
She was too weak to stand. I lowered a rope from one of the ceiling pulleys.
  The rope had a large loop on the end of it. I told her to place the loop over
  her head and shoulders and to secure it under her arms. She did so without
  hesitation. I put the electric motor into action and her body began being lifted
  from the yellow pool.  
Her skin was a mass of wrinkles as piss dripped from every appendage of her
  body as well as from her pussy hair. She was sobbing as various parts of her
  skin touched the floating turds and as a squished turd clung to the crack of
  her ass. I used a pole to slip the plug from the drain and the liquid drained
  slowly as turds accumulated at the bottom of the tub.  
She was dangling a few inches above the tub floor and crying constantly.
  I took a high pressure hose and cleaned her off. She was as grateful as any
  time I had seen her since her training begun. I gave her a bucket and cleaning
  tools and told her to clean the shit out of the tub. Somehow, this seemed to
  disturb her greatly. I couldn't figure that one out since she had been sitting
  in the shit for five days. Women &ndash; go figure!  
When she had finally finished her cleaning duties she tried to step out of
  the tub. Her knees gave way as she was still quite weak from the prolonged
  experience of being in one position for five days. I left her to her own devices
  and left the room. I watched her closely via the monitoring system I had set
  up. It was like watching a colt trying to walk for the first time. After a
  full twenty-four hours however she was up and walking quite nicely and seemed
  none the worst for wear.  
I came back to her room and stood and studied her for over fifteen minutes
  without saying a word. I was smoking a huge cigar at the time and my quietness
  seemed to disturb her a great deal. It was as though she knew I was thinking
  up something that would be quite dastardly again. Finally, I spoke.  
I said, "It's time to give you a new experience &ndash; the experience
      of self-imposed pain!"   
Her mind could not quite process this thought and she returned my gaze with
  a quizzical look on her face. I told her that she was being trained in expectation
  of the time when she would be sold to folks who dabbled in pain, forced sex,
  degradation and other unspeakable, perverted acts. She had heard this before
  so she did not express too much surprise. I told her part of her training must
  take her to a level where she was willing to impose severe pain on her own
  body.  
At that, I stoked up the cigar until the end was cherry red. Then, I held
  it just a fraction of an inch from her nipple. She wanted to move and jerk
  away but she was disciplined enough not to do so. I told her the cigar was
  to be extinguished slowly on some part of her body. I told her I could do it
  and, if I did, the part of her body I would choose would be her ass hole. She
  thought about this and pictured the long-term effects of this and the devastation
  it would bring to her.  
She asked, "What if I agree to put it out on myself?"   
I told her that if she willingly arrived at this decision, she could use
  her navel to put it out. She shuddered as she contemplated the pain this would
  bring. But, in comparing one pain against another, she knew she had no choice.
  I stoked up the cigar again and, again, it was bright red on the end with a
  ferocious heat. I told her that she was to insert it in her navel slowly and
  not actually put it out until I told her to do so. I told her she could lie
  on her back so as not to worry about passing out from the pain.  
I thought she would be grateful at this show of sensitivity on my part but
  I detected no gratitude. Some women are hard to please!  
She reclined on her back on the floor and I handed her the stogie. I told
  her to make it quick while it was still hot. She poised the cigar over her
  navel, hesitated for a moment, and then brought it down into her deep belly
  button. Smoke immediately rose from the crevice and her entire body began shaking.
  Yet, she showed amazing fortitude as she held it there without actually putting
  it out. The stench of burning flesh filled the room and she was weeping openly
  now.  
After about twenty seconds I finally said, "Go ahead and put it
      out."   
She instantly mashed the cigar down on her burning flesh and the cigar finally
  was extinguished. I looked at her face and saw that she had slipped into unconsciousness.
  She presented an interesting spectacle as her inert body lay there. Her face
  was white as snow as the pain had driven the blood from her head. Her entire
  limp body was twitching occasionally as her brain sent out errant messages
  to her various nerve endings. The extinguished, broken cigar stood up obscenely
  from her navel, sort of like a broken candle on a white birthday cake. Smoke
  still continued to emit from her navel as the flesh continued its reaction
  to combustion. I concluded she had done a good job.  
I retreated from her room to contemplate my next actions. She was almost
  ready for sale. I still had to work on her ass hole &ndash; making it larger
  and subjecting it to obscene enemas. I also needed to subject her to more pain
  and more degradation. Then, she would be ready for market.  
She looked at me quizzically as I brought in the large pail and hung it from
  the ceiling. She surely must have seen the spigot toward the bottom of the
  bucket but no alarm bells went off in her brain. Then she watched as I poured
  three liters of Classic Coke into the pail. When I produced the clear rubber
  hose and attached it to the spigot her eyes widened as awareness crept into
  her mind.  
I told her to get on her knees with her head and shoulders to the floor,
  beneath the bucket. Again, she began to tremble as she imagined what was coming
  next. Her imagination could not have warned her of the magnitude of the pain
  that was about to come. I told her to spread her cheeks and she did so immediately.
  Her little button of an ass hole was peering up at me, looking full of innocence
  and meekness.  
With no warning whatsoever, I plunged the hose nozzle directly into the hole
  that led to her bowels. She grunted at the intrusion but, again, her training
  restrained her from displaying any pain or resistance. I opened the valve at
  the bottom of the bucket and nozzle on the spigot and watched as the bubbly
  cola flowed into her guts. She felt the pain immediately as the fizzy stuff
  hit her tender linings. But, she hung in there.  
I had stepped aside so I could watch her complete profile. As the bucket
  emptied, she finally began to feel the bloating feeling that goes with such
  an invasion. I knew that she felt as though she had to take a tremendous shit
  but she could not rid herself of the liquid sloshing in her guts. Soon her
  stomach began to swell with the intrusion of so much liquid. She was openly
  crying now as she felt the pain of being expanded so much and as the mean bubbles
  of the cola attacked her most tender inner tissues.  
When the bucket was finally emptied into her body, I removed the nozzle from
  her ass and slammed in a butt plug. Then, I went over to my recliner to lean
  back and watch her reactions. They had begun immediately. None of her training
  could provide her with the means to withstand this attack. She was howling
  and begging unintelligible words. She was flopping on the floor like a hooked
  fish, begging for relief.  
I could not understand most of her words but I could determine that she was
  saying that her insides were on fire and going to explode. She was rolling
  around on the floor now as her naked body tried to find a position that would
  give her relief. There was no relief as long as the mean-spirited liquid was
  in her body. All of her flopping must have caused the cola to fizz up in her
  body because it was obvious that her pain was becoming more intense. I finally
  began shouting at her as I asked her if she wanted relief.  
She cried immediately, "YES, YES, ANYTHING &ndash; JUST GET THIS
      OUT OF ME!"   
I told her that as soon as she jacked me off I would remove the plug. Somehow
  she got the will to crawl over to me and rise to her knees beside my recliner.
  She immediately grasped my firm dick with both hands and began an up and down
  piston motion. Unfortunately for her, I had come so much in the last few days
  that I knew I could control this orgasm to an incredible length.  
Nonetheless, as she tried to hunch over to relieve her cramping, her right
  hand was now manipulating my dick from the base to the large bulbous head.
  Her left hand was massaging my balls with her fingers flexing in and out around
  my sack. Her left hand crept down behind my balls and she now had her index
  finger in my ass hole. She was massaging my prostate vigorously as she continued
  to jack me off with her right hand.  
She started to lean forward to put her lips on my dick and I told her that
  only hands were allowed on my privates. Then she moved her mouth to my left
  nipple and began flicking her tongue over it. She was still groaning from her
  gut pain and this somehow created an interesting vibration around my nipple.  
It was amazing to see her body shaking and quivering from pain. Yet, despite
  the pain, she continued to work on my organ with tremendous gusto. She certainly
  was motivated. My dick was responding and beginning to throb. Her right hand
  had become an engine of arousal as it reached an incredible reciprocating speed.
  Her finger was like an invading snake in my ass. I was beginning to sweat with
  the effort of restraining my orgasm. She sensed this through her own pain and
  became even more intense. All at once my balls heaved and a long, thin stream
  of milky cum shot forth from my piss slit, almost reaching her face that was
  attached to my nipple.  
It no sooner landed on my body then another one shot forth immediately, equally
  as long. She kept on pumping my dick and three more, shorter strings of cum
  landed on my belly and in my navel. Now, residual drops of my fluid were running
  down my shaft, over her hands, and into my thick bushy pubic hair.  
To show her I was an honorable man, I reached behind her and yanked out the
  butt plug. She leaped to her feet and waddled over to the toilet, brown stuff
  leaking from her ass. She thankfully plopped down on to the stool and I could
  hear the shit and cola evacuating from her body in a mighty waterfall of offal.  
Although she received relief from the bloating, her ass was on fire as the
  fizzy liquid shot out of her body. She was still crying in pain, asking for
  any kind of relief. I told her that the only way to alleviate the action of
  the cola that had lined her tissues was to immediately have a milk enema. I
  told her I would provide this if she cleaned me with her tongue. The streams
  of cum on my chest and belly were coagulating into a thick, white substance
  as was the droplets that were buried in my hair around my dick.  
She didn't hesitate. She sprung over to my reclining body and began licking
  vigorously to clean all of the white liquid from my body. The stuff on my skin
  was easy to remove. She had to work a bit on my deep navel as her tongue invaded
  it to seek out the cum that gravity and taken to its very depth. Then, she
  began working on my pubic hair. It was thick and the cum was buried deep. She
  had to take sections of my black hair and surround them with her lips at the
  base as she slowly sucked upward on the kinky mass.  
When she finally finished she looked at me with pleading eyes. I pointed
  to the gallon of milk that I had set beneath the bucket. In her previous inquiring
  situation she had not even noticed that I had put it there. I told her to dump
  the entire gallon in the bucket. She crawled over, rose to her feet and quickly
  emptied the contents of the milk jug into the bucket. I then told her she could
  give herself the enema as that was the only way to relieve the pain of the
  cola that was attacking her inner ass. Her face was red and her eyes filled
  with tears from the pain that had been attacking her insides all of this time.  
She quickly fell to her knees, grasped the nozzle and slammed it into her
  own ass. She had trouble manipulating the valve on the nozzle, behind her back.
  But, she was motivated and she accomplished the task. Then, finally, relieving
  milk was flowing into her guts, coating the injured tissues and bringing relief
  to her body. Her body immediately began feeling the pressure of this new invading
  liquid, but she withstood all of it so that she could get the relief of the
  wonderful substance.  
When the milk had completely emptied into her body, she crawled once again
  to the stool. I could tell that it took a supreme effort not to blow the stuff
  out before she reached the stool. I was proud of her. As she sat on the toilet,
  evacuating the milk from her ass she thanked me profusely for being so kind
  to her. I told her it was nothing and I was glad to help her out.  
I was proud of her ability to retain concentration on my sexual needs throughout
  her ordeal. I knew that she would bring a fantastic price on the black market.
  Of course I had taped all of her ordeals and this last one would serve only
  to enhance her value. Now, I knew it was time to work on enlarging her ass
  hole.  
I brought out a series of dildos. They started at the normal size of the
  average man's penis &ndash; about six inches long and of average girth. There
  were ten of them in all with the tenth looking like it came from an elephant.
  I told her she was going to start putting these in her ass &ndash; using the
  smallest one first until she had worked her way up to the largest one. I told
  her I would supply her with plenty of K-Y jelly, being the sensitive guy that
  I am. I told her after inserting one, she was to keep it in her ass for twenty-four
  hours. Then, she would remove it and move to the next larger dildo &ndash; again
  for another twenty-four hours.  
I indicated that after ten days she would be large enough to accommodate
  the elephant dong. She looked at it with fear and complete disbelief that she
  could take in such a long object. I assured her that I had a lot of experience
  in these things and she would be able to accomplish her assignment. I also
  told her that we would be doing many interesting things during the time that
  each artificial dick was in her. I looked at my watch. It was 2:55 p.m. I told
  her that within five minutes, the smallest dick better be buried in her ass.  
She didn't hesitate. She immediately swathed it with lubricant, leaned forward,
  reached between her legs, and began searching for her ass hole. It took her
  a moment but then the pointed head found the little opening. She began pushing
  forward and even this small one caused her considerable discomfort. But, by
  3:00 p.m., it was completely buried in her ass hole. Each dildo had a group
  of streamers flowing from the free end. These were of various colors and about
  four inches in length. They provided an interesting adornment to her ass as
  it swished back and forth from various motions.  
I told her to get back down on her hands and knees and start crawling around
  the room. She did so haltingly as even the small dildo caused her some pain.
  The streamers were flowing back and forth and I could feel my dick getting
  slightly hard. I let her crawl around for a solid hour. She was sweating profusely
  and crying from the pain in her arms and her ass. I told her she could sit
  now. She looked at me inquiringly as if to say, how can I sit with this thing
  up my ass?  
I told her quite directly, "SIT NOW YOU STUPID CUNT!"   
She slowly rolled over on to her ass and sat squarely on it. She let out
  a little yelp as the floor drove it further into her ass. I told her she was
  to sit there for the next six hours. She bowed her head in sorrow.  
It was the end of the ninth day and, when asked, she told me that her ass
  hole was, indeed, terribly sore. Yet, each day she had inserted the next larger
  dildo and she had now gone through the first nine ass instruments. I let her
  remove the large tool from her butt and I examined her hole up close. I was
  proud of her. Her shit hole had dilated and was gaping open, giving a full
  view of the first few inches of the tunnel tissue. Then, she asked in an almost
  pleading voice if she could forego the largest tool.  
I couldn't blame her for asking and she did display a good attitude as she
  asked. The tenth tool was huge. It was as big as a man's wrist and almost fourteen
  inches long. It was modeled after a circumcised dick and had a head that was
  even larger than the shaft. But, it was important to her training and I told
  her she would feel proud of herself after she had taken it into her body and
  carried it for twenty-four hours.  
She had a look of doubt on her face but she knew there was no alternative.
  She laid on her right side and lifted her left leg as high as possible in the
  air. I took the tool in both hands and carried it to her as though it were
  a royal crown. With her leg still in the air she reached up and took it. It
  was almost too big and too heavy for her to hold with one hand. She grasped
  it with both hands and placed the tip at the entrance to her bowels. Despite
  the enlargement she had accomplished, her hole was not nearly big enough to
  accommodate the bulbous head. She showed a great deal of fortitude as she began
  pushing it into herself. Finally, her ass hole yielded and the huge plastic
  end popped into her ass. She was shuddering again and sweating profusely. Her
  hands were shaking and yet she didn't release her grip on the instrument. She
  pushed again and a couple of inches went in  
I had placed mirrors in spots so that she could watch her progress. Although
  it felt to her as though she had inserted a tremendous amount of it into her
  body, there was still at least eleven inches to go. Now she was crying silently
  as she measured the task that was before her. Yet, she still pushed some more.
  Her bowels were resisting but her will and her arms were overcoming the resistance.
  She now had all but four inches in her ass.  
She looked at me and said, "Please help me, I don't have any strength
      left!"   
I realized that I should show some compassion so I got down on my back and
  placed the heel of my right shoe on the base of the dildo. Then, with all my
  might, I gave one gigantic push with all the muscles of my leg. She screamed
  at the top of her lungs as she was invaded to the hilt and all we could see
  was the very base of the dildo and the long streamers that were attached to
  it.  
She was crying openly now and I knew she was wondering how in the hell she
  was going to endure that thing for twenty-four hours. I knew I couldn't give
  her time to feel sorry for herself so I told her to get up on her hands and
  knees and begin crawling around the room as fast as she could. She did so with
  a lot of effort and I am sure the cramps in her body had to be phenomenal.
  Yet, with a lot of rocking she managed to roll over and get to her hands and
  knees. And then she started crawling.  
It was obviously a tremendously painful effort but the swishing of the streamers
  from her ass showed that she was indeed giving her best effort. Once again
  I was proud of her. But, I knew I needed to take her to an even higher level
  of pain. I let her crawl around the room for two hours. Occasionally I would
  go over and kick her in the ass when I thought she was slowing down. She was
  bathed in sweat and the muscles in her upper arm were twitching. Her tits were
  covered in sweat and this did enhance them somewhat although I still found
  them boring.  
Finally I told her she could stop crawling and she was to stand up. She stood
  up although it was obviously painful and she had to hunch forward slightly
  in an effort to alleviate the pain that was crashing through her guts. Her
  sweaty tits hung forward slightly and swayed gently in the air. I took out
  a group of long, red, white, and blue streamers that were connected at one
  end with a long pushpin. The pin was quite sharp and at least an inch long.
  I had scoured the office supply stores to find just the right length. I told
  her to shut her eyes. Then, I firmly took hold of her right tit and pointed
  it straight at me, the nipple showing as a perfect target. With one quick motion
  I buried the pushpin directly into the center of her nipple, plunging it directly
  into the center of her tit meat.  
Despite the pain in her guts, she jerked back as she realized the incredible
  pain from this surprise attack. The streamers hanging from her nipple bounced
  playfully against her stomach. I told her not to move. A droplet of blood was
  slowly leaking from her stabbed tit. I told her to keep her eyes open now as
  I grasped her other boob. Then, taking another streamer and pin, I repeated
  the action in this fresh nipple. Her eyes enlarged tremendously as she could
  now see the action that was being imposed on her. I could feel a slight pull
  on her tit as her instincts wanted to retreat from the advancing pin. Yet,
  her will and her training allowed her to overcome her instincts and she held
  her position as the second pin intruded directly into her other tit meat.  
Now she had streamers flowing from her ass and her tits. It did enhance her
  tits. Her hands were jerking up and down at her side as she wanted to grab
  something to contain the pain. But with sharp pain in her tits and crushing
  pain in her ass, her hands didn't know where to go or what to do. So, they
  remained at her side, waving up and down like someone trying to flag down a
  bus. I told her to relax, that I wasn't totally without sympathy, and I would
  remove the causes of her pain in less than twenty-four hours. Somehow, this
  didn't seem to subdue her horrible expression of intense suffering.  
"Well,"  I thought, "you just can't please
      some women &ndash; fuck it!"   
I was tired of watching her roll around, trying to find a position that offered
  as much comfort as possible. It seemed impossible. No matter what part of her
  body she laid on, some type of pressure was put on her ass, her abdomen, or
  her tits &ndash; all of which caused her severe pain. I really can't stand
  to watch women fidget so I decided to remove this option from her. I told her
  to extend her hands and wrists together towards me. When she did, I put on
  the training cuffs.  
She had experienced these a great deal under my tutelage and she actually
  aided me in her bondage. She was still bent over slightly at the waist, trying
  to help the cramps in her guts. I planned to remove this option also from her.
  I pulled down a rope from one of the ceiling pulleys, secured it to her cuffs,
  and, using the electric motor, hoisted her in the air. She screamed as her
  body was forced to straighten out and as her pierced tits were also pulled
  tight. She was dangling in the air, twirling in a clockwise motion, her tit
  and ass streamers forming a nice decoration to her body.  
Her body was obviously in torment. I decided perhaps I should instill a different
  source of pain to help her forget her current pain. I had the yellow pages
  phone book from St. Louis. It was quite thick. I grasped it with both hands,
  and with all my strength I began beating her dangling body with the phone book.
  She began screaming at the top of her lungs. I always wondered why people screamed
  when they were in pain. It did nothing to alleviate their pain. Perhaps it
  was just a way of communicating to others how much pain was involved?  
I selected random parts of her body to beat with the phone book. Soon, black
  and blue marks were appearing everywhere on her body. When I would deliver
  a blow her body would swing away from the direction from which the blow had
  come. Then when it swung back I would try to catch it at is maximum swinging
  force and deliver another blow to her body. When I hit her lower abdomen her
  screams really took on a satisfying pitch. When I delivered a blow directly
  on to the pin in her tit her screams became inhuman. I continued to deliver
  blows to her body for thirty minutes. Then, the phone book became quite heavy
  to my hands and arms and I had to stop to catch my breath.  
I was sweating profusely and she was groaning unintelligible sounds that
  were much less than human. Her body was swaying in the air, a collage of black,
  blue, green, and orange. She had pissed herself and urine was running down
  her thighs, onto her calves, to finally drip from her feet and toes. It had
  been a satisfying moment &ndash; for me &ndash; perhaps not so much for her!  
She hung there, drooping, racked in pain. She had experienced more traumas
  than she had ever dreamed possible. Finally, after the twenty-four hours had
  expired, I walked up to her naked, hanging, pain-ridden body. I grabbed both
  of the streamers that were pinned to her tits and gave them a tremendous yank.
  The pins came flying out of her nipples and tit meat. Her body jerked with
  this sudden new burst of pain. But, she still hung there motionless. Then,
  I walked behind her and repeated the routine with the dildo in her ass. However,
  it was buried too deeply and as I yanked the streamers, the dildo only came
  about half way before the streamers broke off in my hand. I was now able to
  grab the butt of the dildo with both hands and give it a tremendous yank.  
It came screeching out of her ass hole, dripping all sorts of vile liquids
  and substances. She yelled with a new vigor. And, true to my mission, her ass
  hole gaped open &ndash; a yawning channel into her innermost parts. For the
  moment, it almost looked as though a person could set up house keeping in her
  ass. I wondered how she was going to hold her shit in? I wondered if her ass
  hole would permanently dribble shit? Not my problem!  
I finally let her down and released her from her bondages. I had put a straight
  back wooden chair near her and she slumped down on to it. She groaned as her
  sore ass hole hit the chair bottom and as her bruised back hit the chair back.
  Yet, instinctively, she slid forward so her ass was hanging over the edge of
  the chair. She also spread her knees wide apart so that her pussy was openly
  displayed. I stood in front of her and looked down at her. As per her training,
  she looked steadily at my dick although her eyes were completely listless.  
I told her that she had just gone through some important training, that the
  training had completely exhausted me, and I thought she should express her
  gratitude for my efforts. At that, still staring at my crotch, she began speaking
  with complete and utter sincerity.  
She said, "Thank you sir for making my ass hole bigger. Thank you
      for giving me pain by pushing pins into my tit meat. Thank you for bruising
      my body and making it so many interesting colors!"   
I was amazed and gratified at the depth of her commitment. However, I said, "I
      appreciate your kind words. But, I think there should be a more tangible
      way for you to express your gratitude."   
She reacted immediately by sliding down off of the chair, crawling over to
  the training table, crawling up on to it, and laying flat on her back. Her
  heels were drawn up to the bottom of her butt and her thighs were spread as
  wide as she could open them. Her arms and hands were stretched out above her
  head. She was a beautiful sight as her lovely pussy was obviously ready for
  me. My prick had become aroused and it was standing straight out. I let it
  lead me over to her and I climbed up to the tabletop.  
As I poised on my knees between her legs, she said, "Please take
      me."   
I obliged her request and fell forward, my dick burying itself in her cunt,
  my body splatting on her sore torso and tender tits. She didn't even grunt.
  She immediately threw her cunt up to my plunging crotch and began fucking me
  with all her might. The insides of her pussy were as smooth as velvet. They
  gripped my dick with just the right amount of pressure to communicate her need.
  I could feel the rim of my circumcised head scraping the insides of her sex
  walls. Her pussy was getting wet instantly and the moisture was warm even to
  my hot dick.  
Soon we were two bodies of complete sex, plunging at each other and giving
  as good as we were getting. Just as I was about to come, I raised up and removed
  my convulsing prick from her cunt. She looked distressed until I pushed softly
  on her legs to raise them even higher. She knew immediately what I wanted and
  she put her hands under her ass to assist her legs in raising it higher.  
Her enlarged shit hole was staring at me with complete desire. I again obliged
  her by falling forward and slipping my dick easily into her rear tunnel. Her
  ass hole was no longer a tight and repulsing avenue to my dick. It was actually
  inviting and it, too, had just the right amount of pressure on my tool. I began
  cycling in and out of her hole and she began using her sphincter muscles to
  control the pressure on my sex. Overnight she had become a marvelous ass hole
  fucker.  
I felt as though I was going to explode. I was sweating profusely now and
  my perspiration was dropping steadily down onto her tits. Her tits glistened
  and, for the first time, they actually took on an appealing look. I was fucking
  like a mad man now and just barely able to control my orgasm. However, I didn't
  want to come in this hole either and I finally withdrew just in the nick of
  time.  
My dick was swaying in the air with both of our moistures clinging to the
  end and to the sides. My dick also had brown smears on it from fucking her
  ass. I crawled forward on my knees until my dick hovered over her mouth. She
  didn't hesitate. She took it all into her mouth, licking and sucking greedily.
  She was intent only on giving me pleasure. My pleasure was her pleasure.  
She had finally become a complete trainee and almost ready for sale. Her
  mouth was working wonders on my dick and her lips were giving me actions I
  had never experienced. She was sucking with an amazing power and she had already
  removed all liquids and substances from my huge dick. I felt myself coming
  and I didn't try to control it this time. I started shooting out jism in huge
  waves, one after another, in an amount that seemed to have no end. I told her
  not to swallow it but to hold it in her mouth. She complied until I was finally
  finished.  
Then, I told her to open her mouth and show it to me. Her mouth was almost
  completely full of my punk and her tongue was almost buried and completely
  surrounded by my love juices. I told her to swish it around with her tongue
  and her tongue rotated lovingly in the midst of my juices. Finally, I told
  her to go ahead and swallow.  
She swallowed it all in one huge gulp and said softly, "Thank you!"   
There were still some drops coming out of my piss slit and she reached forward
  eagerly and lapped them up.  
Then she said, "Would you please piss on me."   
I thought it was the least I could do and, anyway, I usually had to piss
  pretty good after heavy sex. She held my shrinking tool and pointed it to her
  wide-open mouth. I began pissing and pissing and pissing. I marveled at her
  ability to pinch my dick when her mouth was full so she had time to swallow.
  Then she released her pinch and let more piss plunge into her mouth.  
She swallowed it all and again said softly, "Thank you!"   
I told her she was almost ready for sale but there was just one more bit
  of business. She looked at me questioningly and I told her she would receive
  the final touch tomorrow.  
I returned the next day holding my final instrument. It was not really an
  instrument of training. It was my means of personalizing my trainees so I would
  always get credit for my work. It was a branding iron that I had fashioned
  out of a soldering iron.  
When imprinted it would say: TRAINED
    WITH CARE BY ZEBRA.   
I made it my policy to imprint this brand before any of my sales. It was
  purely a marketing scheme that I thought would eventually allow me to charge
  more as my customers noted the quality of my product. I told her to crawl over
  to me with her ass pointing toward me. I had plugged in the iron and it was
  already red hot with heat vapors rising from each of the letters.  
I wrapped my left arm around her waist, holding her body securely against
  me. I thought that her training would inhibit her from moving but a person
  never knows how a body will react. I had one mishap with one trainee who jerked
  at the time of her branding. The branding burn was smeared and took her value
  down by a considerable amount.  
Holding her tightly, I plunged the red-hot brand directly on to her left
  butt cheek. She screamed as the heated metal burrowed its way through her skin
  and into the meat of her ass. The smell of burning flesh filled the room as
  smoke rose from her ass. I held the brand into her body for at least thirty
  seconds. When I finally removed it, the words were engrained forever into her
  ass.  
She was shaking now, almost going into convulsions. I released my hold around
  her body and she collapsed in a sprawl to the floor. In a moment of tenderness
  I bent down and kissed the back of her neck. She didn't seem to notice as she
  continued to sob. She was branded for life! She was ready to become someone
  else's property!  
Two days later I watched her new owner take her away. She seemed sad as she
  looked back over her shoulder at me. Frankly, I didn't give a shit. I was busy
  counting my cash.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JEP


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





