BDSM Library - Render Unto Caeser




Render Unto Caeser
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A grim and grisly tale of Roman Justice. A Judean village runs afoul of Roman rule. The tenth legion responds with murder, rape, and general mayhem. The ringleaders and their surviving family members are crucified and those few villagers unfortunate enough to survive become the fodder for games in the arena. Render Unto Caesar  
 I  
 Punitive Expedition  
 The sun had fallen hours before we approached the village of Tov Kepha.
  Flavius Gaius, the first Centurion of our cohort had accompanied our expedition.
  I did not resent this intrusion upon my command, we were good friends and he
  allowed me free reign over my men. I suggested Flavius remain a mile to the
  west of the village with half the century while I led the remaining men south
  to circle around and take up our position on the eastern approach. We moved
  through the night with the quiet stealth of the best-trained century in the
  legion. I am Centurion Cassius Priscus, I lead the first century of the third
  cohort; The pride of the tenth legion. For the last two years we have been
  reduced to chasing thieves and fighting goat herders. Still it was better for
  the men than wasting their pay on cheap whores and cheaper wine: such was the
  curse of garrison duty.  
 The men settled in to catch a few hours' sleep. The morning would bring
  the slaughter that passed for battle these days. They were tired enough from
  ten days of trudging over this land forsaken by all of the gods. Now vengeance
  was at hand.  
Three weeks ago five of their number had been volunteered to escort a local
  tax collector. It was a safe, simple, boring duty, inflicted on them for some
  minor and long forgotten transgression. They had been reported stopping at
  five villages without incident. Then they had simply disappeared. The tax collector,
  escort, and taxes vanished without a trace. We were sent to investigate.  
 Behind me a squirming sack fell to the ground with a thud. Marcus, my adjutant,
  had unloaded our prisoner from the back of his donkey. A fat little man who
  claimed to be the priest, or teacher, from the village we were now encircling.
  His nose was swollen and bent to the right from his brief interrogation. It
  was broken but the bleeding had stopped. We had captured him two days ago heading
  west. When we searched him we found over 300 shekels and 900 denarii, the coin
  used to collect taxes. After a brief but energetic questioning he told us at
  least part of the tale.  
 The tax collector was dead. Stoned by the local villagers we were now encircling.
  The taxes were now recovered from our prisoner, who swore he was trying to
  return them: Even as he was headed directly away from the provincial capital.
  The only thing the village priest steadfastly refused to disclose was the fate
  of the military escort. That we would learn soon enough; for now the priest
  remained gagged. He would warn no one of our presence.  
The guard was posted and the rest of the men slept. With the first sign of
  false dawn the legionaries were roused and silently prepared for battle. At
  my signal our horn was sounded; far to the west another answered our call.
  The men moved out in formation and quickly entered the wakening village. The
  villagers were herded to the communal well near the center of Tov Kepha. There
  were some 80 to 100 people in the village but less than 40 adult males. No
  resistance was offered.  
 &quot;Who speaks for this village?&quot; Flavius Galarius bellowed at the
  cowering throng. None of them seemed to understand Latin so I repeated this
  in the native tongue. The crowed muttered and parted exposing an older man
  with a graying beard, his wife, son, and daughter stood by his side. &quot;I
  am the village elder.&quot; He said with a twinge of fear in his quavering
  voice. I moved to stand in front of the man, two soldiers accompanied me. The
  priest was still held at the edge of the village, so that none knew he was
  our prisoner. &quot;Where is the tax collector?&quot; I asked calmly. The man's
  eyes darted left and right. &quot;He never arrived in our village sir.&quot; He
  said with barely a tremble in his voice.  
 I nodded to the two soldiers who had accompanied me. One reached forward
  grabbing the son by his hair yanking him forward. The boy stumbled to his knees
  and the second soldier brought his sword down on the exposed neck nearly severing
  it. The man's wife screamed. Rushing forward she gathered up her fallen son
  helplessly trying to hold the flopping head in place as she rocked back and
  forth on her knees. Fresh blood soaked her robe as she wailed in disbelief. &quot;Where
  is the tax collector?&quot; I repeated slightly louder to be heard over the
  weeping woman. The man pulled his eyes away from his dead son and looked at
  me. &quot;The tax collector is dead. He was found with another man's wife.
  He was stoned to death under our laws.&quot; He spoke rapidly in a monotone,
  condemning his entire village with his words. &quot; You live under Roman law
  now; &quot; I informed him. &quot; and where are the taxes he had collected?&quot; The
  old man barely hesitated,&quot; The village priest has taken the money to the
  Governor where he will explain the situation and plead for mercy.&quot;  
&quot;What happened to the soldiers who escorted him?&quot; I asked. Now
  true terror showed in the old mans eyes; he hesitated, thinking before he spoke. &quot;They
  ran off, &hellip; fled, when they failed to protect&hellip;&quot; I never let
  him finish his lie. With a nod from me the bloody sword swung downward cleaving
  into the wife's skull like a ripe melon. Her laments ended as her lifeless
  body flopped down next to her son. &quot;Where are they?&quot; I asked angrily
  as his daughter was dragged forward. He stared at his dead wife in disbelief
  but said nothing. I nodded and the bloody sword was drawn back once more. &quot; No!
  Stop! I'll show you, spare her, please.&quot; I held up my hand staying her
  execution, for now. The old one was true to his word. He led us to a cairn
  in a dry riverbed. Under the stones were the bodies of the missing soldiers
  and the tax collector. The soldiers were not nearly as decomposed as time would
  warrant and had a bluish tint to their skin. &quot;Poison?&quot; I asked, the
  old man nodded listlessly.  
Now that all the questions were answered we moved quickly. Villagers were
  divided into two groups. Those fit enough to make a forced march to the Capitol,
  without slowing us down, where gathered and placed under guard. All others
  were immediately put to the sword. The only exceptions were the priest, the
  elder, and his daughter. In the end 18 men, 7 women, the priest and the elder
  remained alive. There was little of value to pillage but the men gathered a
  modest amount of silver and copper trinkets. A second donkey was procured for
  the village elder before all the livestock was slaughtered. The buildings were
  soaked with oil and set ablaze. A few heads were staked at the entrances of
  the village as a warning to any passerby. The century formed a phalanx around
  the prisoners and began the forced march to the Capitol.  
I studied the elder as we marched toward the capitol. He was terrified of
  course but didn't allow it to show. He talked quietly with his daughter. He
  was unused to riding and his daughter stayed by his side steadying him as he
  swayed on the donkey's back. His daughter was old enough to have married years
  ago but she still seemed fresh and comely, perhaps the choicest of the female
  prisoners. I learned her name, Rebecca. The column halted at midday and the
  prisoners were quickly feed and watered. The soldiers grumbled at the delay,
  they normally ate their fistful of grain as they marched. The march resumed
  as soon as the prisoners were finished and continued without pause until we
  made our camp long after dusk.  
The march continued, inevitably slowed by the pace of the prisoners who were
  footsore after the first day. It was well after sunset on the fourth day when
  we arrived at the gates of the Capital. The officer of the watch opened the
  gate for us and the prisoners were marched through the deserted streets to
  the citadel. The men were exhausted, but still they deserved some reward for
  completing their mission. The male prisoners were placed in the empty paddock
  and eight legionaries were assigned to guard them. The women were marched to
  the parade ground, at the center of the citadel. Dozens of flickering torches
  set in sconces along the eastern and northern walls cast an eerie illumination
  on the central square. The men formed up on the parade ground and watch fires
  were lit along the southern edge to add a bit more light to the proceedings.  
The Parade ground was used for formal assemblies as well as military drills.
  Two whipping posts half the height of a man stood along the northern wall as
  well as a long bench used to hold a prisoner being questioned under torture.
  A chopping block used for military executions completed the assembly. The women
  were obviously frantic as they backed away from the advancing men and were
  forced forward toward these devices.  
The century assembled facing the woman. Nine ranks of eight soldiers and
  20 auxiliaries were all staring at the prisoners with a hunger that had wiped
  the exhaustion from their minds. I stepped between the men and the prisoners. &quot;These
  woman will be brought before the Governor in the morning.&quot; I addressed
  them. &quot; In the morning they will all be alive, not visibly injured, and
  properly dressed. Do I make myself clear?&quot; A roar of approval went up
  from the men. I stepped to the right and let Marcus take charge of the preparations.
  The women screamed and shrieked in dismay as two ranks of soldiers moved forward
  and began to strip and bind them.  
In short order Marcus reported all was in readiness. I surveyed his handiwork.
  All seven of the female prisoners were naked. Their clothing formed a loose
  pile against the wall. Four of the women now knelt along the length of the
  bench, they were bent over its width and their wrists had been pulled underneath
  and tied to their ankles. They were faced in alternate directions the first
  facing the wall and the next staring at the leering troops. Four naked bottoms
  trembled in the flickering light waiting to be used. Two other women were simply
  bent over the short whipping posts, with their wrists bound to the embedded
  iron rings. They where able to partially shield their nakedness, by twisting
  around to the far side of the posts One had even managed to cross her legs
  pressing them tightly together as if that would somehow save her from my lustful
  soldiers. The elder's daughter, the one called Rebecca, now knelt before the
  chopping block her neck resting in it's blood stained groove and her hands
  bound to the iron ring at its base She was the closest to the men but facing
  the wall and the other bound and naked women.  
I was the senior Officer and was expected to take first choice in all plunder.
  In the interest of morale I stepped forward and inspected the naked offerings
  in the flickering light. As I walked among the bound prisoners my hand wandered
  across their bare flesh. Smooth round asses quivering with dread as nipples
  hardened in the cool night breeze. Some of the woman were sobbing, others pleading,
  a few were mumbling prayers but Rebecca remained silent, her eyes tightly closed
  as she knelt, terrified, desperate, waiting. It helped me choose. I shifted
  my Braccae aside. I tucked the front of my tunic up into my belt before pulling
  off my loincloth. She shivered with fright as I knelt down behind her. Leaning
  forward the bottom edge of my hardened leather coriaceus (breastplate) dug
  into the smooth curve of her naked ass. I reached down and cupped her dangling
  breasts. She gasped when I cruelly twisted her hardening nipples. I bent even
  lower pressing down against her back, my breath on her neck. &quot; Feel free
  to scream, bitch.&quot; I hissed in her ear. I straightened, reluctantly releasing
  her breasts. She flinched as my manhood brushed down the crevice between her
  ass cheeks. I grabbed her hips and thrust into her. She gasped in shock and
  pain as I entered her. She was as tight and dry, as any virgin bride would
  be. I reared back and slammed into her again. I knew it must hurt. I wanted
  it to hurt, but it felt so good. I really wanted to hear this one proud bitch
  scream. The third thrust did bring a scream but from another girl, one of the
  ones bound to the whipping posts. She began to cry out hysterically as she
  watched what would soon be her own fate. The four women knelling at the bench
  were whimpering as they tugged helplessly against their bonds. The men cheered
  me on. After that first gasp Rebecca had become stoically silent as I drove
  into her. She was too tight and I was too eager, I could not last. All too
  quickly spurted out the fluid that would moisten her passage for her coming
  ordeal. I pulled out of her wiping my dripping manhood across her smooth bottom.
  There was no blood, so I knew she wasn't really a virgin. Tears were trickling
  down her cheeks as I walked away.  
Marcus barked an order and the first rank of men stepped forward. The women
  began to plead and beg with renewed urgency. The four bound to the bench strained
  futilely against their ropes. The sight of their squirming struggles only served
  to further inflame the men's lust. The two bound to the whipping posts tried
  to twist and squirm away from their assailants but they were quickly grabbed,
  trapped and impaled upon Roman cocks. Eight men and seven women caused few
  problems. Marcus was the odd man out in the first rank and he simply knelt
  in front of the one of the woman bent across the bench. Grabbing a fistful
  of her hair he raised her head and thrust himself into her gaping mouth. She
  gagged and gasped. The man who knelt behind her drove into her pushing her
  forward while Marcus waited in her mouth. Her body was buffeted back and forth
  over the rough wooden surface as they took turns plunging into her. Tears poured
  down her cheeks as she choked and sputtered. Some of the women who did have
  free use of their mouths were still begging for mercy while others cried out
  in outrage or pain.  
The first rank finished and relieved the men guarding the male prisoners
  while the second rank moved forward. The process went quickly and with typical
  Roman efficiency. A fellow in the third rank knelt behind Rebecca and plunged
  his hand into her ravaged sex. His fingers sloshed in the ejaculate left by
  his comrades, which he then smeared along the crack of her ass. Rebecca's eyes
  widened in shock and she spoke for the first time since her rapes began &quot; No!
  Please not there. I've never..&quot; the soldier paid no attention as his thumb
  plunged into her narrow opening. She lowered her head biting down on her lip.
  His hands grasped her cheeks brutally pulling them open. She uttered a startled
  gasp as he thrust himself into her virgin opening. Maybe it was shock or maybe
  a point of pride for her, she still didn't scream as her ass was brutally ravaged.
  I was sorely disappointed. By the time the fourth rank was finished the women
  were barely whimpering though some of the women still screeched when a soldier
  choose to use their back sides, by the tenth rank they were silent but for
  an occasional grunt or groan. I did not remained to watch the auxiliaries finish
  and those interested begin their second go around. I directed that the women
  should be untied, dressed, and returned to the paddock with the other prisoners
  when my men were finished. It took less than two hours for the seven women
  to service the entire century.  
 II  
The Path to Roman Justice  
The morning dawned with a bright blue sky and a cooling breeze from the west.
  Flavius sent word to the palace of our situation. The prisoners were already
  up, some nervously pacing the paddock while others tried to brush away the
  dirt, straw and dung in which they had slept. Soldiers watered them and then
  the prisoners' hands were bound behind them. They were taken to the parade
  ground and made to wait under guard until word was sent that the Governor was
  ready to hold court.  
The prisoners were assembled, first the elder and the priest followed by
  the 7 women and finally the 18 men followed behind. Half of the century took
  up position to escort them to the Governor's courtyard near the center of the
  city. The city streets were busy but, of course, they cleared quickly for the
  Roman troops and their prisoners. A crowd gathered and followed after us toward
  the Governor's residence. The large number of prisoners was most unusual. Rumors
  swept through the market place and the throng grew larger still.  
The prisoners were herded into the courtyard and the curious crowd milled
  behind them. Flavius went up onto the balcony to await the Governor and his
  Lictor. I brought the priest and the village Elder forward and we waited for
  the Governor to appear. The Lictor proceeded the Governor and a few members
  of his court followed him.  
Flavius reported on the mission of our century and the death of the tax collector
  and his escort. The Governor's anger grew, visibly, as he listened to the report.&quot; What
  can be said in your defense?&quot; I asked the elder.  
He cleared his throat and addressed the Governor. &quot; I would offer my
  life and that of our priest. Already our village has suffered 10 fold what
  you have lost and the money is now in your hands.&quot;  
 I began to translate but the Governor waved me to silence and responded
  in the elder's own tongue. &quot; When you stoned my tax collector you forfeited
  your own life. When you slew my soldiers your village was lost.&quot;  
The priest fell to his knees crying out that he was a man of god and not
  really from that village anyway. A soldier stepped forward and silenced him
  with a backhanded blow to the face. The priest sprawled on the ground. The
  elder continued, realizing he was a dead man and he was bargaining with an
  empty hand. This time he spoke in Latin &quot;At least spare the women, they
  are worth far more as slaves and they are no threat to Rome's soldiers.&quot;  
The Governor was a bit surprised by such audacious behavior from so humble
  a creature. He answered in Latin; &quot; Your courage and concern are commendable.
  If I agreed to spare but one female among them whom would you choose to protect? &quot; The
  elder nodded sagely trying to measure the Governors true intent. &quot; My
  daughter Excellency&quot; he said after a moment's reflection. &quot; Fetch
  her forward,&quot; the Governor spoke in a voice that seemed almost compassionate.  
 The elder went back among the women, still unsure of the true intent of
  the Governor, but in the end he could not trust him. He bypassed his own daughter
  and drew forth another, a tall woman named Judith, from the group. &quot; This
  is my daughter Excellency.&quot; He spoke in Latin and the girl was totally
  unaware of the deception that the old man was attempting. It was a foolish
  gesture as both Flavius and I were prepared to expose his lie but the Governor
  held up his hand in judgment.  
 &quot;This man, his daughter, and that squirming snake of a priest will
  be marched through the eastern gate and onto the road leading to the arena.
  There they will be stripped, scourged, and crucified. The remainder of this
  rabble will be trained and prepared to entertain us in the Hippodrome in three
  days time. They will assist us in the celebration of the Feast of Janus&quot;  
 &quot;Centurion&quot; he said addressing me.&quot; It would please me greatly,
  if that one &quot; he pointed to the elder, &quot; is alive to see his fellow
  villagers when they are marched past him on their way to the Hippodrome.&quot;  
 I snapped out a series of orders. The troops closed ranks around the prisoners
  for the return to the citadel. Flavius spoke quietly with the Governor no doubt
  informing him of the elders' deception concerning his daughter. The crowd that
  had gathered to hear the court's judgment began to break apart. The curious
  pushed forward to catch a glimpse of the condemned while most went off to spread
  the word of the impending executions. The Lictor retired to prepare the necessary
  orders for the Governor's signature and set a scribe to work creating a titulus
  for each of the condemned.  
The return to the citadel was quick and uneventful. Once there, the three
  condemned prisoners were brought to the parade ground while the other prisoners
  were returned to the paddock.  
The carpenter who served as our executioner came forward to view his newest
  victims. Hans was a Germanic mercenary. He had served eight years of his enlistment
  with courage and distinction. A little more than a year ago he lost the thumb
  and forefinger of his right hand during a minor skirmish. Most soldiers who
  were injured and unable to use a sword would have return home bitter and broken
  men. Instead Hans had learned a new trade and we were allowing him to serve
  out the last two years of his enlistment as our century's carpenter and engineer.
  The fact that he was in charge of crucifixions was one of the bright spots
  in his life. While he was always eager to conduct a crucifixion it had been
  almost a year since he had a chance to nail a naked female to the tree of shame.
  He trembled with anticipation.  
He picked out three patibulii and then gathered up the necessary tools and
  equipment. He hurried ahead toward the eastern gate to locate an appropriate
  grouping of stipes along the road, a single short crux humilis for the priest
  and two taller stipes for the old man and the woman. An execution party of
  20 soldiers was drawn up. A patibulum was placed across the back of each of
  the condemned and their wrists were bound to the wood. The Elder and woman
  were quietly praying while the priest began a long tirade about the wrath of
  his god and how much he could pay us if we would just let him slip away. By
  the time the gate opened to admit the Lictor a sizable crowed had already gathered
  outside. While crucifixions were fairly common, the old man was right; women
  were more profitably sold as slaves. It was most unusual for a woman, especially
  one that was worth a second glance, to be condemned to the cross. Today would
  prove to be quite entertaining for the crowd.  
 The Lictor read the charges to the prisoners each was condemned for insurrection.
  Each prisoner's titulus was hung from their neck for all to see during the
  parade to their place of execution. The gate swung open and the procession
  began. From horseback I could see over the gathered mass of people. The horse
  might be needed just to force an opening for the procession.  
The Lictor led the way followed by four soldiers. Each of the staggering
  prisoners also had four soldiers assigned to them, first the woman, then the
  elder and lastly the priest. Four more soldiers brought up the rear.  
The streets were crowed with an excited mob and it took all twenty of the
  soldiers to maintain some order and forward progress. The crowd was not openly
  hostile, certainly not to us, or even to these pathetic condemned prisoners.
  They just seemed eager to get a look at the condemned. They jeered and shouted
  obscenities but it seemed more from excitement than any hatred or anger. A
  few younger boys tried to throw stones at the prisoners but the soldiers used
  their shields to deflect them and when one of the men bringing up the rear
  made a half hearted lunge after them the boys faded back into the crowd. As
  a rule, a crucifixion brought out a crowd of a few hundred, many of them vagrants
  and petty criminals who might end up decorating a cross themselves in the near
  future. This crowd was different. Men, women, children, merchants and shopkeepers,
  a true cross section of the city was following us as we made our slow progress
  toward the eastern gate  
 When we reached the main market place I left the procession and rode over
  to the central well. I reached into my purse and tossed a handful of shekels
  onto the ground. I addressed the women as they scrambled after the coins. &quot; Bring
  water for my soldiers and find the herbalist. We will need wine for the three
  that will be mounted on crosses today.&quot;  
Several of the women gathered up jugs while one went off to find the old
  herbalist. Satisfied I turned back and rejoined the march to the gate. The
  prisoners were struggling forward with their awkward loads. The patibulum was
  only 20 or 30 pounds but they were being pulled forward by ropes tied about
  their necks and with their hands bound wide across the crosspiece they were
  unable to break their fall when they lost their balance. The crowd found it
  hilarious every time a prisoner fell face down into the dirt. The soldiers
  escorting the hapless prisoner would pull them back up each time and kept the
  pitiful unfortunate moving forward while the jeering crowed howled at the sight
  of fresh blood.  
 As we approached the eastern gate the Lictor brought the procession to a
  halt. A delegation of temple priests with an escort of 20 temple guards blocked
  the road. The Lictor stared in utter disbelief; He was new to this land. Never
  in his wildest imagination had he conceived that such an action was possible.  
   &quot;Who would thwart the path to Roman justice? &quot; he
  shouted  
Those priest who understood the Latin words turned pale. The fat little priest
  bound to his patibulum began to beseech his fellow clerics to rescue him. His
  escort silenced him by forcing him face down onto the dusty road and placing
  a foot on the back of his neck. The temple guard backed away from the priests
  pushing back against the crowd each man keeping his shield lowered and his
  hand as far away from his sword as possible. My own soldiers were reforming
  toward the front. Two soldiers from each prisoner and two from the rear came
  forward to present two ranks of six .   I never
  needed to issue a command. The priest had halted a staggering procession of
  the condemned, now they faced a shield wall with short swords drawn, eager,
  and ready to slash their way forward .      
    
The crowd had become deathly silent expecting violence to erupt at any moment.
  I pushed forward on my mount to try to prevent a bad situation from turning
  to needless bloodshed. &quot; Why are you delaying these executions?&quot; I
  demanded. The Chief Priest answered &quot;We cannot allow the condemned to
  remain on their crosses after sundown. It is our holy day and they would be
  a desecration.&quot;  
. &quot;You are a fool to interfere,&quot; I told him, &quot;The Governor
  wants them alive and suffering on the cross for the next three days. We will
  do our best to make that happen. Now, be gone.&quot; I did not bother the Lictor
  with this; he was too apoplectic to respond. His authority had never been so
  openly challenged.  
 The Chief Priest tried a more reasonable tone that might maintain some figment
  of his authority. &quot; Modesty requires the woman not be allowed to hang
  naked. The Governor has allowed female prisoners a girdle before.&quot; He
  argued. I relayed this to the Lictor but he curtly refused to consider the
  notion. The crowd was buzzing anxiously; those who were following the conversation
  had no interest in the priest spoiling their fun. I needed to get the priests
  out of our way and get the execution party moving again. The Old man and the
  woman were swaying under their burdens while they tried to stand in place;
  the priest remained face down in the dirt under the weight of his patibulum.  
 &quot;We have been ordered to take these prisoners out through the eastern
  gate where they are to be stripped, scourged, and crucified. If you wish to
  see that sentence modified I suggest you seek an audience with the Governor.
  You had better hurry. We will crucify the female last but we won't wait for
  any final change of instructions. Now run!&quot; The Priests turned and hurried
  off toward the Governor's Palace.  
 Once through the gate the road opened up a bit. The eastern road was the
  perfect site for an execution field. The predominant wind came from the west
  keeping the stench of rotting corpses out of the city. The road was well traveled
  and the crucified were prominently displayed. The remnants of old garbage dumps
  and an ancient siege ramp had left a series of raised outcrops some 3 to 5
  meters in height along both sides of the road. Atop most of these hillocks
  rose clusters of two or three stipes. Our carpenter had found an appropriate
  collection of stipes a few hundred paces from the gate. The prisoners were
  prodded forward with renewed haste as the crowd spilled out of the city clogging
  the roadway behind us.  
 Once we reached the site of execution the patibulii were removed from each
  prisoner and laid before the stipes. The herbalist I had paid for came forward
  bearing a leather wine boot and a dirty clay cup. She offered her draught to
  each of the prisoners in turn and they all drank deeply, for what good it would
  do them. The priest was certainly the most annoying of the prisoners and for
  that reason alone I decided he would be the first to go up on the cross. He
  was quickly stripped to his loincloth and his wrists were bound around the
  shortest stipes.  
Hans stood behind the prisoner shaking loose the braided strands of his flagellum.
  The tips were weighted and Hans whirled it through the air first to untangle
  the lashes. The crowed became silent when the whip slapped against the priests
  back. The lashes stayed in place for a moment as bits of iron and bone imbedded
  themselves into the priest's flesh. Hans yanked the whip back tearing the man's
  skin. He howled in shock and pain. The second blow from the flagellum landed
  with a wet thwack. Blood splattered from his torn flesh. His screams and howls
  seemed to quench some deep need in the crowd. Hans never paused and the flagellum
  tore into the flesh of the man while he screamed himself hoarse. His loincloth
  was drenched with blood and rivulets trickled down his legs. His legs buckled
  when he fainted long before the scourging ended. This would never do for the
  old man's scourging. I sent a soldier to retrieve the plain leather flagellum
  from my mount. If that were used for the flogging it would prevent excessive
  blood loss, otherwise the elder would never last through a single day on the
  cross.  
 A jug of water was poured over the priest to revive him. He was cut loose
  from the stipes and pulled up onto his feet. A soldier turned him to face the
  waiting mob. A murmur of excitement grew as the crucifixion proceeded. Four
  soldiers closed in upon the priest. One held his feet while two grabbed his
  shoulders and pushed him down on his torn and bloodied back. Quickly his arms
  were stretched out on the patibulum and the executioner approached. Hans had
  spent his time preparing for this. He had gathered a few weathered old titulus
  and snapped them into small wooden slates through which he had driven a dozen
  of his iron spikes. These would keep the prisoners from tearing free from the
  spikes as they struggled on the cross. The carpenter knelt by the priest's
  right wrist and positioned the tip of a spike in the hollow between the two
  bones at the top of the forearm. He held the spike in place with the three
  remaining fingers of his right hand and raised the hammer with his left. You
  could hear the crowd gulp in air as the hammer rose. The clang of iron on iron
  rang out for an endless moment only to be followed by a horrendous screech.
  The priest was flopping about as four soldiers struggled to hold him in place.
  The hammer clanged on and the howls of pain continued. The executioner jumped
  across the priest's chest and knelt by the left wrist.  
 The other two prisoners stared in horror. The elder had sunk to his knees
  mouthing silent prayers while the woman's eyes darted back and forth first
  taking in the dreadfulness before her, and then the excited mob gathered to
  witness it. Two solders were holding her up but she began to twist hopelessly
  in their grasp as if she might escape the fate that awaited her.  
The priest was now firmly attached to his patibulum and his screams had been
  reduced to hoarse sobbing moans. Excited muttering swept over the crowd I nodded
  to the soldiers and four of them grasped the patibulum two to an end. They
  jerked the prisoner to his feet. With a renewed howl the priest was once again
  in the crowds view and they were nearly panting with anticipation.  
The blood soaked loincloth was pulled away so the priest stood naked before
  the crowd. This culture had the peculiar custom of mutilating their male children
  at birth. Skin was stripped from the tip of the penis so the glans was always
  exposed. Romans and other civilized people always found the practice perverse
  and vaguely obscene, though the local populace thought nothing of it. They
  confined their comments to taunts about his puny size. The priest was beyond
  caring.  
 The soldiers dragged the prisoner backward to the shortest stipes and pushed
  the patibulum upward until his feet left the ground. The patibulum slipped
  into the mortise joint at the top of the stipes and the carpenter quickly pounded
  a spike into the joint to hold the two beams together. The priest had been
  wheezing, moaning, and kicking his feet but now a shudder passed through his
  entire body and he hung slack. The soldiers moved quickly two grabbing each
  of his feet and pulling them up about a foot off the ground. They pressed the
  heels against the side of the stipes. The priest didn't move or make a sound
  as the spikes were driven through his heel bone and into the wood. Finally
  the titulus was slipped over his head which had slumped forward resting on
  his chest. He hung sagging on his cross his legs bent forward as if kneeling
  a foot off the ground. His continued wheezing and the occasional dry rattle
  in his chest showed that he was still alive. He wouldn't last long if he didn't
  start to move soon. Throwing water on him failed to revive him.  
 The old man was next and he was quickly stripped and scourged. Using a plain
  leather flagellum meant there was very little actual bleeding. Still he twisted
  and screamed as well as a man half his age. The mob was pleased. His was to
  be a crux sublimus with a stipes standing over 3 meters tall (about 10 feet),
  for this the standing stipes was loosened and pulled out of its hole. It was
  joined to the patibulum on the ground. This wasn't an easy job and the soldiers
  worked quickly while the old man stood by numbly watching the preparations.  
 I informed the executioner that this was the one the Governor had specifically
  wanted to live for at least three days. He found a scrape of lumber to form
  a sediles and hammered it into place where the condemned would be able to rest
  his hips and help support his weight. A block of wood that would serve as a
  footrest was also set at the base of the stipes. It would allow the doomed
  man to push up with his legs more effectively and perhaps last another day.  
Once the cross was prepared the old man was forced down onto it. Two soldiers
  pulled his forearms out, stretching them out along the patibulum. The executioner
  probed the right wrist searching for the hollow spot between the bones. With
  a nod to the soldiers he positioned the iron spike and raised his hammer. Once
  again the air filled with screams and the clang of the hammer striking the
  iron. The crowd was silent while the old man screamed out his agony. The executioner
  stepped across the body to repeat the procedure with the left wrist.  
Once the arms were attached the executioner went to work on the feet. Two
  soldiers held each foot drawing them up so the knee was flexed When the executioner
  was satisfied with the position he nailed the block of wood into place for
  the footrest; once that was secure the feet were nailed onto the footrest.
  The old man was now affixed to his cross. Hans nailed the titulus to the top
  of the stipes.  
It took a team of eight soldiers to raise the cross with its burden. Two
  soldiers at the base of the stipes guided it into the hole from which it had
  been removed. Two more raised the head of the stipes. Rope was looped around
  both the outer ends of the crossbeam and a soldier pulled forward on each rope
  while another stood behind keeping tension on the ropes so they didn't slip
  off. As the cross rose it began to slip down into its hole. The entire cross
  began to tilt forward and the two soldiers behind the cross threw their weight
  against the ropes and halted the forward tilt. The old man screamed as his
  body slid forward and the cross thumped against the bottom of the hole. The
  ropes remained taut until the stipes was wedged solidly into its hole and dirt
  and stones were packed around the base. The old man was quietly sobbing when
  one of the soldiers reached up and tore his loincloth away. The crowd roared
  it's approval and all eyes turned eagerly to the lone woman standing on the
  hill. A puddle spread between her muddy feet as she lost control of her bladder.  
 III  
 Judith's Demise  
I glanced toward the city gate. There was no sign of the high priests or
  a messenger from the Governor. I sighed and looked at the one called Judith.
  Women in this culture were not permitted to gird their loins. She would be
  naked beneath her robe.  
&quot;Strip her to the waist and flog her.&quot; I told the executioner.
  He looked hurt and disappointed. He tied a rope around her waist the split
  her robe down the back. Her hands were untied so the robe could be slipped
  off her shoulders and pulled down to he waist. The crowed cheered appreciatively
  at the sight of her breasts. Though some were already yelling out, demanding
  she be stripped completely. She was led over to the last stipes and bound facing
  it. The executioner stood a pace behind her and to the right, he began her
  scourging. He took his time savoring every lash taking particular pleasure
  when the thin leather straps wrapped around her chest to mark the sides of
  her breast. With the twentieth lash he moved to her left side so he could mark
  her other breast. She wailed and cried out in agony as the blows landed. A
  restive quiet descended over the mob. This was what the crowd had really come
  for, a chance to watch a pretty young woman suffer and die in agony. I glanced
  again at the gate; there was still no sign of a message from the Governor.  
In the past the Governor had sometimes made concessions to the local religious
  leaders and allowed loincloths on the men, and a girdle of cloth around the
  waist of the women, who were to be executed. It was not a hard and fast rule.
  I had no intention of trying to dress a prisoner who was hanging naked from
  the cross; the crowed had come out to see this woman naked, and nailed to a
  cross. On the other hand I could nail her up with a bit of cloth around her
  hips and strip it off later when word finally arrived, but the crowd was hardly
  in a patient mood. I tried to think of the best way I could delay.  
 The scourging ended and the woman was released from the stipes. She tried
  to collapse to the ground but a soldier held her up from behind and turned
  her toward the crowd so they could admire welts that now marked the sides of
  her breasts. The executioner and two soldiers began working loose the wooden
  wedges and rocks that held the stipes firmly in its hole. Once the stipes was
  free it was laid down on the ground and the patibulum was attached. I glanced
  again at the gate but there was still no sign of the temple priests. The crowd
  was becoming boisterous, shouting out their demands; &quot;strip the bitch&quot;, &quot;nail
  the whore&quot;, and &quot; crucify her&quot;. None of this was happening fast
  enough for them. Soon they had  picked a unifying chant &quot;Cru-ci-fy
  Her! Cru-ci-fy Her! Cru-ci-fy Her!&quot; They screamed the words with gathering
  fervor as they found the rhythm of their chant. The girl turned pale as she
  listened to the chanting crowd demanding her blood.  
 I looked over the area. I had a crucified priest who would die long before
  he had a chance to properly suffer, and old man who was doing as well as could
  be hoped for, and a half dressed woman who was agitating the crowd into a state
  of near anarchy.  
 I made an inspired decision. I walked over to the woman and garbed her by
  the hair. The startled soldiers released her. I marched her over to the crux
  humilis where the fat little priest hung lifelessly. I forced her down onto
  her knees facing the priest. I pulled her face up and pushed it into his crotch
  so she would have no question as to what was expected. The look of disgust
  on her face only added to my determination. &quot; Suck some life into this
  worthless turd and you might live a little longer&quot; I growled at her. She
  glared at me with pure hatred; her jaw was clenched tight in defiance. I released
  my grip on her hair and held my right hand out behind me, palm up. It took
  only a moment for one of my men to retrieve the flagellum from the dirt and
  slap the handle into my outstretched hand. The flagellum whistled as it slashed
  through the air.  
&quot; YOU! &hellip;WILL!&hellip; DO!&hellip; AS!&hellip;I!&hellip;COMAND!&quot; I
  roared at the girl punctuating each word with a lash from the whip. Where our
  carpenter had used his skill and finesse with the flagellum to decorate her
  body with pretty stripes. I used anger and brute strength to emphasize my demands.
  By the sixth lash she was groveling face down in the dirt with blood oozing
  from dozens of fresh welts.  
 &quot;Get up!&quot; I commanded and she struggled back up onto her knees.
  She looked up at me and every trace of defiance had vanished. I pointed toward
  the priest and she winced but nodded. She drew a deep trembling breath. She
  looked like she might retch but she swallowed hard and then took his flaccid
  penis into her mouth. Slowly she began to move her head back and forth.  
 The crowed was quick to understand. Men jostled forward for a better view
  while women gathered up their children and pushed them toward the back of the
  crowd. The taunts and insults flew as she knelt before the priest her head
  starting to rock back and forth. The priest began to respond to her ministrations
  and as his penis grew he stirred on his cross. At first his hips seemed to
  twitch spasmodically then he began to slowly rise up on his pierced and bleeding
  feet. When he finally reached the top of his cross he had pulled himself free
  from her lips. He opened his eyes and took in what was being done to him. He
  gathered his strength through the haze of pain and then spat down onto the
  woman cursing her as a Roman whore. Still when his shaking legs forced him
  to sink back down his hips thrust forward pushing his stirring manhood toward
  her, searching for the warmth of her mouth.  
She turned her head away. I snapped the flagellum and it struck the ground
  by her knee raising a cloud of dust. Her eyes were full of hatred again as
  she looked up into my hard gaze. She turned her head back toward the priest.  
Reaching out with her right hand she cupped the man's scrotal sac she stretched
  upward on her knees her tongue darting out to lick at his manhood. The crowd
  roared out its approval. With her left hand she grasped the stipes to steady
  herself and managed to pull the tip of his rapidly hardening penis back into
  her mouth. The crowd hurled insults in three languages but their enthusiasm
  for the show was unmistakable. She captured him drawing his now turgid member
  into her mouth continuing her effort, head bobbing as she knelt before the
  crucified man. The crowed was enthralled and for the moment pacified.  
 I glanced once more toward the gate. There was some disturbance and the
  crowd by the gate was being pushed back clearing the road. Hopefully it was
  word from the Governor. I yanked the girl away from her task. The priest let
  out a groan of frustration. The woman rose from her knees and stood before
  the priest. She was a tall woman and when she stood she nearly reached the
  chin of the man on the cross. She had no trouble landing a glob of spittle
  directly into his blinking eyes. She had a lot of fight in her; her struggles
  would be quite entertaining while she lasted. I looked down at the man's bobbing
  erection and said to one of my soldiers &quot; Tie it off.&quot; The soldier
  cut a leather strap from the man's discarded sandal and cinched it tightly
  around the base of the man's penis. He would keep his last erection for a while.  
 A contingent of the Governor's foot guard had forced their way through the
  gate Four Nubian slaves followed bearing an ornate palanquin. It was still
  too distant to see individuals but it could only be the Governor's First Consort.  
The Governor's wife had remained in Rome to oversee their affairs. She had
  approved a number of local concubines one of whom had quickly become the Governor's
  favorite. Her name was Olivia. I had never met her but she was said to be as
  shrewd as she was beautiful. Her knowledge of the local politics was a boon
  to the Governor and he used her as an advisor as well as a lover. Olivia had
  forged alliances among the bickering factions of the local government and helped
  maintain Rome's peace in this troubled land. She was respected by her allies
  and feared by her enemies. She was recognized by some as the true power behind
  the local governance. Olivia used her influence and power to lighten the yoke
  of Roman rule on her people. To say that she was beloved by the public was
  a vast understatement. She was a truly heroic figure to the local populace.
  She preferred to be addressed as the &quot;First Consort&quot;.  
It would take them a short while before the First Consort's column could
  force it's way through the crowd. I decided it was time for the young woman
  to understand the true reason for her personal condemnation. I pulled the girl
  over to the old mans cross. &quot; I will not make you dishonor your own father.&quot; I
  told the girl. Relief and confusion played across her face. &quot; This man
  is not my father.&quot; She finally said. &quot; Of course he is, He has already
  admitted this to the Governor. That's the reason you are here.&quot; I told
  her.  
Her confusion quickly gave way to anger and then rage. &quot; You bastard
  how could you do this to me?&quot; she screamed at the crucified man. She lunged
  at him beating her fists against the poor mans pinioned legs as she screamed &quot;Tell
  them the truth you dirty bastard!&quot; Two soldiers quickly pulled her away
  from the elders cross. &quot; Tell them it's not me, damn it! &quot; she screamed &quot;Tell
  them it's not supposed to be me!&quot;  
 The royal palanquin had finally forced its way to the execution site. A
  second enclosed sedan chair carried by two slaves followed close behind. The
  slaves gently lowered their burden and the First Consort Olivia stepped down.
  I understood the wisdom of having the First Consort attend crucifixions. Her
  presence showed that the local government gave its tacit approval to   these
  executions. This meant that everyone would recognize that we were crucifying
  criminals here, not creating martyrs, an important consideration in this land
  crawling with religious zealots and political fanatics.  
&quot; Hail Centurion!&quot; Olivia addressed me; she was truly a stunning
  dark haired beauty. I tried hard not to stare at her. Her eyes passed over
  the struggling woman beneath the old man cross. She then looked over the two
  men hanging from their crosses her eyes finally resting on the erection jutting
  out bellow the priests' belly.  
 &quot; Is this an execution or a circus?&quot; she demanded. The girl blushed
  as she saw where the woman was looking. She began to struggle anew held beneath
  the cross, naked to the waist, while the panting crowd looked on.  
&quot;Hail, First Consort.&quot; I responded. &quot; I felt a need to entertain
  the crowd while we awaited final instructions from the Governor. I trust you
  are not offended.&quot; She nodded toward me smiling. Her smile was huge and
  beatific. It made me wince. This was a very dangerous woman and not one to
  be trifled with.  
&quot; I bring word from our beloved Governor.&quot; She said her eyes sweeping
  over to the now trembling woman. &quot; She will hang naked from the tree of
  shame, as befits a slut such as she.&quot;  
 &quot; It's not supposed to be me!&quot; Judith sobbed &quot;He's not my
  father!&quot; &quot;I'm not supposed to be here! Crucify Rebecca not me!&quot; She
  screamed as four soldiers closed in around her ripping away the last tattered
  remnants of her robe. The crowed cheered lustily as the execution began once
  again. Olivia was talking to our executioner. He was nodding enthusiastically
  as a wide grin spread across the lucky old bastards' face.  
 The woman was kicking franticly as the soldiers dragged her toward the remaining
  cross. Her plea was becoming shorter as she became more desperate. &quot; It's
  not supposed to be me! It's not me! Not me! Not me! &quot; She blubbered but
  no one was listening. Her thrashing legs were giving everyone close to the
  hilltop an excellent view of her now naked sex. The crowds' howls and jeers
  were drowning out her plaintive cries.  
The four soldiers brought the struggling woman over to where her cross lay
  and were about to force her down onto it when Olivia raised her hand. The soldiers
  halted, holding the hysterical woman trembling in place. &quot;Centurion, do
  you have any idea what she is talking about?&quot; I sighed and began to describe
  the entire deception to the First Consort. &quot; She was condemned when the
  village elder&quot; I said, pointing to the old man on the cross, &quot; told
  the Governor that she was his daughter. She claims she is not related to the
  old man and in fact we have every reason to believe she speaks the truth.&quot;  
The young woman was oblivious to our conversation shivering, naked, before
  the eager crowd repeating the words &quot; Not me. Not me. Not me. &quot; She
  spoke almost to herself now, as if the repeating the words would protect her
  somehow.  
The First Consort looked at the girl with all the compassion of a viper. &quot; Is
  this true?&quot; she asked. The woman's mind was too far-gone to hear or respond
  and she simply repeated her chant almost in a whisper now. Olivia looked at
  the village elder now struggling upward on his cross and repeated &quot; Is
  this true?&quot;  
The old man struggled, pushing himself upward against his bleeding feet.
  When he finally managed to straighten himself completely he drew several quick
  breaths before he spoke. &quot; Forgive Me.&quot; was all he said before his
  knees buckled and he sank back down onto his sedile. Whether he spoke to Olivia
  or the naked prisoner was unclear though it wasn't really that important. He
  had confirmed that he had lied to the Governor. Olivia whispered some instruction
  to one of her slaves who then scurried off toward the Royal Palanquin.  
 &quot; Proceed.&quot; Olivia said to the soldiers who were holding the trembling
  woman. They brought her swiftly to the ground stretching her into place on
  her cross. Two soldiers grabbed her hands, yanking them apart, extending her
  arms out across the patibulum. Another soldier straddled her chest sitting
  on her belly pinning her body against the stipes. He grinned down at her, grabbing
  her by the shoulders, as he leaned forward pressing his body down. His chest
  squashing down on her crushing her breasts. There was little doubt as to what
  he would rather be doing with her.  
It is said that to be buried deep inside a woman when the nails pierce her
  wrists is the wildest ride a man can ever experience. I have no first hand
  knowledge of this, as it would be undignified for a person of my rank and position
  to be rolling in the mud with a condemned woman as she's nailed in place. Still
  I've seen it done on a few occasions and none of my men has ever complained
  about being assigned the duty. If we were conducting the execution in the field
  I would have been inclined to indulge my men but here in the capital we needed
  to be a bit more formal.  
The fourth soldier knelt by her left wrist ready to assist the executioner.
  Still the woman whispered &quot;Not me. Not me. Not me.&quot; Though she was
  gasping a bit and having trouble breathing with the soldier's weight pressing
  down on her chest.  
 The executioner knelt by her left wrist. The forth soldier pressed the wrist
  flat against the wood. The executioner placed the tip of his iron spike in
  the grove between the two bones below her wrist. The crowd became silent as
  the hammer rose. You could now hear the girls whispered chant growing more
  urgent as the hammer swept downward. &quot; not me! NOT ME!. NOT MEEEEEEEEEE!&quot; She
  howled as the spike tore through her flesh and sank into the wood beneath.
  The three soldiers holding her arms in place struggled to restrain her as she
  bucked beneath the soldier straddling her torso. He was grinning like a fool
  as her feet stamped and kicked lifting her hips up off the cross. Her screams
  became unintelligible shrieks of pure agony.  
The executioner pounded away at the spike and quickly had her left wrist
  secured. One of the soldiers went to grab her flailing feet while the other
  followed the executioner over to kneel down by her right wrist. The crowd remained
  eerily quiet drinking in the girls excruciating pain.  
Olivia's face was flushed as she looked on with a bemused smile. She seemed
  to glow, almost trembling with excitement. The hammer rose and fell with the
  accompanying shrieks but Judith's resistance was quickly fading. She still
  screeched with each blow of the hammer but her hips squirmed helplessly as
  one soldier pinioned her feet against the cross and another still straddled
  her chest. Finally the executioner stood having fastened both her wrists to
  the crossbeam.  
. Olivia's slave had returned from the palanquin and knelt before his Mistress
  presenting her a silken bag with an object concealed inside. She hastened over
  to the condemned girl stooping down to gaze into her tormented eyes. Tears
  ran down the girl's cheeks; she shook her head back and forth once again mumbling &quot; Not
  supposed to be me.&quot;  
Olivia spoke to her. &quot; You have been done a grave injustice.&quot; she
  began. The girl just ignored her still mumbling to herself. Olivia knelt in
  the dirt next to her. She shook the poor girls shoulder but still Judith ignored
  her so Olivia slapped her across the face. Judith shook her head, startled
  by the fresh pain, and focussed on Olivia at last.  
 &quot; A mistake was made. &quot; Olivia stated. &quot; You are condemned
  to the cross and I can do nothing about that.&quot; She continued with seeming
  sympathy. &quot; It matters very little because everyone you grew up with will
  be executed in the next few days. You are simply dying a few days early.&quot; Judith
  looked up in puzzlement. Why was this wealthy Lady so concerned about her? &quot;I
  cannot save you from the cross,&quot; Olivia said &quot; but I can make your
  time upon it a little less painful.&quot; She reached into the silk bag and
  drew forth an object that she held before the startled girl's eyes.  
 The Ivory was old and ornately carved no doubt the toy of some wealthy lady
  before it became an instrument used to torment the dying. It was carved into
  a curved phallus over two hand widths long and as wide as four fingers held
  together at its base. A penis any man would be proud, one that would make most
  women squeal. It was a cornu of sorts, but unlike any horn I had ever seen
  used; most cornu ended in a sharp point that ripped into the guts of its victim
  while supporting their weight. This one ended with a bulbous head like a penis.
  It was mounted upon a smooth wooden board with plenty of room to nail it to
  an upright stipes. As it was presently mounted it could be used on a man or
  woman as the phallus curved upward so sharply there was only one orifice it
  would be slipping into. Judith understood what it was meant to represent but
  had yet to understand how it would be used. &quot; You will thank me for this.&quot; Olivia
  stated flatly. Pain and confusion played across the girl's face and she remained
  silent. &quot; Before you use this you will offer me your thanks slut.&quot; Olivia
  said. Rising she shook the dirt from her robe. She handed the cornu to the
  executioner. &quot; What a stupid swine.&quot; She commented to no one in particular.  
The executioner was determined to make proper use of such an exotic and expensive
  cornu. That much ivory would be worth half a year's wages even before it was
  carved. He had the soldier who still straddled his victim drag her torso up
  toward the top of the stipes until her shoulders were even with the patibulum.
  Two other soldiers pulled her legs out and straight up into the air. The crowd
  was murmuring excitedly as they were sure some new torment was being inflicted
  upon their favorite victim. The executioner used a spike to scratch a mark
  onto the stipes three finger widths below Judith's anus and positioned the
  cornu so it's fat rounded head would be level with his mark. He used three
  small iron spikes to secure the base plate to the stipes. He spit into his
  hand and rubbed the saliva over Judith's tight little opening and then applied
  another generous wad of spit to the cornu. He started to pull her hips downward
  lining the cornu head up with her anus.  
&quot; Not until she thanks me.&quot; Olivia said to the executioner.  
&quot; Shouldn't we make sure it fits?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;In a little while she'll be happy to stuff anything up her tight little
  ass to catch a moments rest.&quot; Olivia stated flatly.  
They pulled Judith's legs down lining up her hips with the base of the cornu
  and then forced her feet flat against the stipes. The executioner pushed her
  feet up a bit more so her knees were well flexed. Two soldiers held her calves
  while two others pressed her feet into position on the stipes. The executioner
  reached into his apron and pulled out two more spikes placing one between his
  teeth. He lined the other one up with the center of her left foot. The hammer
  struck and her body convulsed in pain. The crowd cheered as she screamed hoarsely.
  It took two blows to push the iron spike through the arch of her foot and embed
  it into the wood of the stipes. Another four blows seated the spike firmly
  into the wood and he began on her right foot. She continued to scream and squirm
  even as he finished with his hammer and raised both hands over his head.  
This was the signal to raise the cross and again eight soldiers moved into
  position. Two secured the base of the cross while two others raised the top.
  Once the ends of the patibulum were off the ground rope was looped around them
  and we began the process of raising the condemned. She was about three feet
  off the ground when the executioner yelled, &quot; Stop! Wait! We forgot her
  titulus.&quot; With a groan the soldiers lowered the cross once more and the
  executioner sheepishly nailed the titulus into position over the prisoners
  head. The cross rose once again this time with no interruption. The woman groaned
  piteously as her body weight shifted downward, and her wounded wrists and feet
  began to support her. Judith wailed in pain when the stipes slipped forward
  thudding into place in its hole. The cross and it's whimpering burden shuddered
  together as the wedges were pounded into place. I stood next to Olivia admiring
  the sight. The First Consort sighed contentedly as the soldiers finished with
  the wooden wedges and piled rocks around the base of the cross.  
It was a magnificent sight. The naked bleeding woman trembling as she hung
  upon the cross knees bent forward and arms stretched taunt. Her breasts quivering
  as she began to pant for breath trying desperately to expel the stale air in
  her lungs.  
 &quot;Remember she is not to use the cornu until she thanks me properly&quot; Olivia
  said to me. &quot; Have a few men with spears jab her if she tries to mount
  the horn.&quot; I sent two men, each armed with a pilum, to stand at the base
  of her cross and keep her off the cornu until Olivia allowed it. She struggled
  upward on her pierced feet when it became impossible to exhale and took great
  gulping breaths forcing the air from her lungs before she sank back down on
  trembling legs. The crowd was as enthralled as I was. Clapping and cheering
  her on as she struggled upward on her bleeding feet and taunting her when she
  was finally forced to sink back down. She had repeated the process perhaps
  six times before she tried to rest her hips on the head of the cornu. My men
  took great delight poking at her rump with their pilum. She squealed in shock
  from the sharp jabs and sank down once more until her arms were stretched taunt.
  When it happened again the next time that she raised herself she wasted some
  of her precious breath to cry out &quot; What do you want from me!&quot;  
 Olivia moved over to stand at the base of her cross. &quot; I want to hear
  you thank me for providing you with the lovely horn you want to slide your
  ass onto.&quot; She informed the tormented woman.  
 &quot; Thank you.&quot; She whispered with her last exhalation.  
 &quot; Thank you Mistress!&quot; Olivia corrected, as her victim once more
  began to struggle upward on her stipes. &quot; Thank you Mistress for such
  a fine seat.&quot; Olivia repeated while waiting for the woman to finally stand
  upright on her cross.  
 &quot; Thank you Mistress for the fine seat.&quot; The Judith groaned out
  in her parched voice and Olivia nodded, satisfied.  
&quot;There that wasn't so hard was it?&quot; The First Consort chided the
  dying woman as though she were a reticent child.  
 The woman struggled atop the head of the cornu trying to line the bulbous
  tip up with the tight opening of her anus. Her hips writhed seductively as
  she tried to balance on the head of the cornu. She might have been trying to
  relax and open herself to it's penetration but her sweat soaked bottom slipped
  off and once again she sank down until her arms stretched taunt and her weight
  was taken up completely by her punctured wrists. She sobbed in frustration
  and slowly fought to control her breath as her lungs filled once more.  
When she had completely lost the fight to exhale and the stale air built
  up in her lungs, she once again strained upward on trembling legs. The crowd
  urged her on as her head rose above the patibulum once again hiding her titulus
  for the moment. The mob cheered loudly at her success, admiring the way her
  firm breasts shuddered with each gasping breath. Her face grimaced as she held
  herself over the cornu. She pressed back against the spikes that pinioned her
  as she rocked her hips back against the stipes. Once she was in position she
  let her full weight fall. With an explosive grunt she managed to sink down
  onto the cornu. Once the head had penetrated her she slowly sank down and the
  horn slipped into her bowels. The screaming horde was delighted with the show
  jeering loudly and clapping with delight. The girl simply hung in place as
  fresh tears of shame streamed down her face.  
Now that she had five points of attachment some of the weight and the accompanying
  pain was relieved from her throbbing wounds. Still as she hung impaled upon
  her horn her arms were drawn upward and backward making it difficult to exhale.
  It might have taken a bit longer but eventually she was forced to push upward
  and relieve her constricted chest. She soon learned that she needed to take
  care not to rise too far on her shaking legs or she would lose her grasp on
  the cornu. The crowd was delighted when her trembling legs pushed her free
  of the ivory and she slipped off the cornu; that resulted in a second struggle
  to impale herself on the shameful horn. After that her movements became slower
  and more deliberate.  
The crowd pushed forward to get a better view of the crucified prisoners.
  Each of the condemned was engaged in an individual struggle against the pain
  and exhaustion that would eventually take their life. This early in the process
  it was already plain to see that the priest would be the first to lose that
  fight. While all three of them pushed their way upward on their crosses to
  breath and then sank down to rest their legs the priest was doing it almost
  twice as often as the other two. They were all three soon bathed in a sheen
  of sweat. Already the sun was beginning to turn the paler, less often exposed
  skin a bright pink.  
It was only natural that the crowd would show the greatest interest in the
  female prisoner. Olivia remained next to her cross holding a one sided conversation
  with the poor girl who was by this time half mad with pain.  
Now that all the condemned were secured upon their crosses, most of my soldiers
  had moved down the hillock forming a circle around the base holding the crowd
  back. Olivia's escort had taken up a position behind the small hillock near
  the place where I had hobbled my mount. They guarded the palanquin and sedan
  chair. I had some suspicion as to what lay within the enclosed sedan chair
  but I was in no position to investigate the First Consorts property. I had
  no choice but to wait until she was ready to inform us  
 IV  
 Rebecca Revealed  
Olivia remained on the hilltop. She eventually pulled her eyes away from
  the woman struggling on her cross and moved to stand below the village elder's
  cross. She shielded her eyes from the bright sun as she looked out over the
  throng that had gathered to enjoy the executions. Eventually she moved across
  the hilltop and it took me a moment to realize she was headed directly toward
  me.  
&quot;Centurion, you must secure the site directly across the road.&quot; She
  informed me pointing to the hillock some thirty paces away and just a bit further
  along the roadway. The hilltop was smaller than the one we stood on and had
  two short stipes upon it. Several hundred people crowded the area between us
  and the new site and a dozen people were actually standing on the hilltop to
  get a better view of the recently crucified prisoners writhing in agony.  
&quot; I don't have enough men to guard these crosses and that site as well.&quot; I
  told her in my most reasonable tone. Her eyes flashed with anger, she wasn't
  used to being contradicted or denied. &quot; I would need at least ten more
  soldiers to hold the crowd off that hill and more than that to clear a pathway
  over there.&quot; She considered my appraisal for a moment and then continued
  in a hushed conspiratorial tone. &quot;I have brought the old man's true daughter
  with me.&quot; She whispered. That was what I had suspected when I first saw
  the second sedan chair. &quot; I want to have her hanging on that cross&quot; she
  said pointing to the other hill &quot; she will die in shame and anguish while
  the old man watches helplessly.&quot; We both smiled. I grinned at the memory
  of Rebecca's smooth round bottom squirming under me while I thrust into her.
  Then I remembered her silence, her proud refusal to acknowledge the pain I
  was inflicting. My smile widened. That was all about to change, her screams
  would be sweet music for this crowd. My mind returned to the present problem.&quot; Have
  you brought a cross beam for her?&quot; I asked hesitantly. Olivia threw up
  her hands in disgust. &quot; Use my escort! Gather what is needed! Just make
  it happen, soldier! It's what I want!&quot;  
I called Hans over to me and we discussed what needed to be done. There where
  plenty of patibulii at the barracks but it would take too long to retrieve
  one. Olivia didn't have the patience to deal with a lengthy delay. Hans pointed
  to a cross nearly 200 paces further down the eastern road. The decaying remnants
  of some hapless criminal still clung to the erected cross. Wild dogs or some
  other scavengers had carried off the lower limbs. I nodded in understanding. &quot;Take
  one of her slaves, get it down and bring it over to that stipes.&quot; I told
  him pointing to the hilltop across the road. It would be an unpleasant task
  but Hans did not complain as he headed down the hill to commandeer one of Olivia's
  slaves. I then instructed my own men to remain and guard this execution site
  while I moved to take command of Olivia's escort  
In the mean time Olivia had retreated down the hill to the sedan chair. The
  curtains had been dropped and Rebecca was now visible from where I stood. She
  was wearing a short sleeveless yellow tunic tied above her right shoulder.
  Even from this distance the material was so shear that her body was completely
  visible. Her hands were bound behind her back and her neck was encircled with
  a thick iron collar. A fine thin silver chain hung from the collar loosely
  dangling between her breasts.  
The Elder hadn't seen her yet as she was behind the old mans cross. Olivia
  gave her entourage some orders and began to climb back up the hill. Two slaves
  pulled Rebecca to her feet and pushed her forward so she was forced to follow
  Olivia up the hill. She was limping with a stiff left leg as if unable to bend
  at her hip. The other four slaves lifted the Royal Palanquin and began to move
  around the eastern end of the hill heading back toward the road.  
Judith's cross was at a slight angle to the elders so she was the first to
  see Rebecca limping up the hill. With a burst of energy she pushed herself
  up and began to scream. &quot;That's her! That's his daughter! It's not me.
  Crucify her! It's not me!&quot; she shrieked. I suspect she was beginning to
  go mad. I don't know if she thought we might tear the nails from her flesh
  and lower her down from her cross, and then replace her with the rightful daughter.
  Even had we been so inclined her outburst had ruined Olivia's surprise. Olivia
  gave Judith a sour look as she crested the hill with Rebecca close behind her.
  Judith had pulled herself free of the cornu again in her excitement and once
  again she sank down unsupported until her arms and wrists were pulled taunt.
  She began to sob her mouth opening and closing as some inaudible plea issued
  forth.  
Olivia stood beside the old mans cross while the slaves brought Rebecca forward
  to stand before her father. Rebecca gasped in shock at the sight of her fathers'
  tortured body. Tears weld up in her large brown eyes and she turned her head
  away only to find Judith struggling upward on the next cross.  
&quot; Our beloved Governor has listened to your wise words.&quot; Olivia
  told the dying man. &quot; He has allowed me to keep one of the woman as my
  personal possession. &quot; A flicker of hope crossed the elder's face as he
  looked down on his daughter. Olivia savoring the old man's hope letting the
  moment last as long as she could bear. &quot;Turn around dear, &quot; Olivia
  said and Rebecca dutifully turned and faced the crowd. Olivia lifted the back
  of the girl's tunic exposing a puffy red wound in the center of Rebecca's left
  ass cheek. A weeping circle of freshly burned flesh hadn't yet begun to heal. &quot; As
  you can see she has been branded and collared.&quot; Olivia paused smiling
  sweetly at the Elder. &quot; She will be my valued servant for the rest of
  her life.&quot; The crowd was restive. A new woman had been brought before
  them. She was barely dressed and standing at an execution site. Still it was
  unclear as to the reason for her presence. The wonderfully naked woman already
  struggling on the cross had screamed something about crucifying this new girl
  but at the moment that was only a vague wishful yearning of the crowd. One
  they dared not give voice to, yet. Those close enough to follow the conversation
  were disappointed at the direction the discussion seemed to be taking.  
If ever a man on a cross might looked relieved it was this old man. Olivia
  could bear her little joke no longer &quot; Of course, slaves that participate
  in an insurrection must be dealt with quite harshly.&quot; She added coyly.
  The old man clenched his eyes closed and emitted a wailing sob. &quot;I fear
  the Governor wishes to have my dear little slave crucified.&quot; The crowd
  hollered its approval of Olivia's words. &quot;He is my Governor, I live only
  to serve him.&quot; Olivia said modestly to the cheering crowd. The old man
  wailed in despair but Rebecca remained silent. Olivia spoke and the tall Nubian
  slave who stood behind Rebecca seized the bottom of her tunic and jerked it
  downward. The knot at her shoulder parted and the flimsy cloth floated to the
  ground. Rebecca was now completely naked before the cheering throng. Olivia
  spoke to the slave and then headed down the hill toward the Royal Palanquin.
  The slave took up the silver leash and followed behind his Mistress leading
  the now sobbing Rebecca toward the excited crowd  
Hans and his helper had reached the cross off to the east. The slave had
  begun the grim task of removing the remains of the corpse while Hans used his
  mallet to free the spikes from the dead mans wrists. Iron spikes were of value
  so Hans did his best to loosen the spikes from the wood by knocking them back
  and forth until he was able to pull them free. These spikes would be bent and
  too dull to use for today's crucifixion but the smithy could rework them for
  another time. Once the carcass was cleaned off the patibulum and it was knocked
  free from the stipes the slave heaved the burden up onto his shoulder and started
  off toward the new execution site.  
 The slaves bearing the Royal Palanquin were not having nearly as much success.
  The crowd was tightly packed around our hilltop and few were willing to move
  aside. I moved back down the hill to take charge of Olivia's guards. I ordered
  the entire contingent of twenty men to help clear a path for Olivia to the
  new execution site. I continued on to retrieve my horse assuming the mount
  would be helpful in clearing the path. As I rounded the eastern edge of the
  hilltop I saw the most amazing sight. Olivia had reached the Royal Palanquin
  and Rebecca now knelt on the platform. Her hands were no longer bound behind
  her but the rope hung from her right wrist. She steadied herself on the frame
  as it rose from the ground. Four slaves had shouldered their burden and were
  following their Mistress through the crowd. Rebecca eyes were dry now. She
  knelt as demurely as was possible for a naked woman borne shoulder high on
  a litter above a shrieking crowd. Rebecca was to be sacrificed to torment her
  father and it would be a slow painful ordeal, but never had a slave been conveyed
  to her execution in such style.  
The crowd melted away before Olivia's advance only to reform behind the litter.
  A dozen paces behind the procession twenty Roman soldiers struggled to force
  their way through the same boisterous mob.  
When the Royal Palanquin reached the second hill the slaves lowered it and,
  one of the slaves offered Rebecca a hand helping her to stand and step down
  to the ground. He handed the end of her silver leash to his Mistress and Olivia
  lead her charge up the hill toward the two waiting stipes. Rebecca kept up
  a brave front marching toward her cross. Gods, I couldn't wait to hear her
  when the nails tore through her flesh. For now she remained erect and proud
  moving up the hill without a struggle or a moments hesitation. Those who had
  gathered on the hill to view the crosses across the road faded back into the
  crowd. The mere presence of Olivia was enough to clear the hilltop for this
  next crucifixion.  
Because I was mounted I managed to reach the site before Olivia's own guards.
  Hans and his slave were coming from the east and had less of a crowd to contend
  with. Three of the Nubian slaves had climbed the hill with Olivia and Rebecca.
  A slave remained with the Palanquin. Olivia and her charge waited patiently
  by the two short stipes at the top of the hill while the rest of us converged
  on the site. I dismounted and strode up the hill. Rebecca was leaning forward
  pressing her head and hands against the closest stipes. Her hands were raised
  waiting to be bound. If I hadn't been so close I would never have seen her
  hands tremble as she pressed them against the stipes. One of Olivia's slaves
  stopped behind Rebecca, He lowered her arms and then turned her, pressing her
  back to the upright. Her eyes widened with sudden understanding as he pulled
  her wrists back and bound them together behind the upright. Olivia stepped
  forward and unlocked the hinged collar removing it from Rebecca's neck. The
  silver chain leash trailed across Rebecca's breast as Olivia pulled the collar
  away. Olivia's military guard reached the base of the hill and spread out forming
  a parameter around the execution site.  
Rebecca was now naked bound to the stipes and facing the exuberant crowd.
  Olivia moved forward, brushed Rebecca's hair back and wiped away a forming
  tear. &quot; Be strong my dear.&quot; She said in her sweetest voice. When
  Olivia stepped away Rebecca saw one of the slaves was standing two paces in
  front of her and to her right, waiting. He slowly uncoiled a braided single
  strand whip and let it snake out across the ground. With a practiced flip of
  his wrist he made it crack in the still air drawing murmurs of approval from
  the crowd. Rebecca's eyes widened with horror as the evil leather braid jumped
  through the air flying toward her. Any hope of enduring her torment with courageous
  silence ended when the leather slapped across her thighs cutting into her just
  above the knees. She howled in agony as her body twisted against its bonds
  and her legs churned in place. The braided leather smacked flesh a second time.
  It was such a firm sweet sound. The crowd had quieted to listen to her shriek
  and beg. Welts began to form just above her knees blood oozing from the center
  of the raised flesh. The slave knew how to use his whip and new welts quickly
  blossomed across her thighs and belly. When she wasn't screaming in anguish
  she was begging and pleading for him to stop. Then a lash caught her high on
  her belly wrapping around her just under the ribs. She made a gurgling sound
  as the air whooshed out of her lungs. She lurched forward bending as far as
  her bound hands would allow and gasped as she tried to regain her breath.  
Her tormenter waited patiently as she blubbered and gasped. Slowly her breath
  returned and she straightened. He then swiftly landed five lashes across her
  breasts, the whip cracked sharply in rapid succession. Her shrieks rose in
  volume with each strike until they echoed off the very walls of the city. The
  crowd looked on in silent awe.  
Olivia held up her hand and the slave stopped. He seemed a bit disappointed
  as he coiled his whip and tucked it back into his belt. Olivia walked over
  to the scourged girl to inspect his work. Rebecca was hanging listlessly from
  the stipes gasping and sobbing. Olivia nodded to her slave and he hurried to
  his Mistresses side. He loosened the rope that bound Rebecca's wrists together
  and she slumped forward against him. He cradled her for a moment the blood
  oozing from her wounded breasts mixing with the sweat of his bare chest. He
  seemed almost gentle as he pulled her up turning her body to stand her against
  the stipes once more. She groaned as her freshly scourged flesh was pressed
  against the rough wood. He circled behind the cross pulling her arms forward
  binding them once again.  
Hans and the slave accompanying him had arrived on the hilltop and waited
  behind the second stipes the patibulum resting easily on the patient slave's
  shoulder. The other two slaves also stood behind the stipes so they would not
  obstruct the view of Rebecca's scourging. Across the road the village elder
  cried out in despair as he tugged and strained hopelessly against the iron
  spikes that held him in place.  
Olivia's slave stepped away from his victim and uncoiled the whip once more.
  He started from the top of her back working his way down her body. Judith still
  rose and sank upon her horn but the crowd had turned their back on her for
  now. Rebecca's screams were growing weaker and the crowd was becoming louder.
  She was soon reduced to dry rasping sobs as she twisted and squirmed under
  the lashes. A crisscross pattern of stripes decorated her back and ass. The
  slave managed to land a particularly vicious slash across the oozing flesh
  of her new brand and that brought a renewed shriek of agony. The whip moved
  further down decorating the backs of her legs as she twisted and turned gasping
  out her misery in guttural howls. The sight of fresh blood roused the crowd
  but they were now ready for the execution to move on. Olivia seemed to sense
  this and raised her hand to stop the scourging.  
The slave reluctantly put away his whip and untied Rebecca's wrists. Olivia
  was deep into a conversation with Hans. His expression changed from perplexity
  to enthusiasm as Olivia explained her plan. The herbalist I had hired for the
  other criminals had managed to make her way onto the hilltop and approached
  me demanding additional payment for the fourth draught she would dispense.
  While I could understand her standpoint I felt that five shekels was excessive
  and we haggled for a short while. Rebecca now knelt in the dirt clinging to
  the stipes for support as she wept in despair.  
The First Consort had finished instructing Hans and came up behind the old
  woman as she stubbornly haggled with me. She lay her hand on the old hag's
  shoulder and the woman jumped with a start. Olivia smiled her sweetest smile. &quot; You
  would not deny my poor slave the comfort of your potion, would you?&quot; she
  inquired. The grumbling old woman turned and handed Olivia her battered clay
  cup. The herbalist filled it with shaking hands until potion slopped over its
  brim. Olivia thanked her and I handed the hag two shekels. Olivia approached
  the stipes where the weeping Rebecca huddled. She squatted down next to the
  sobbing naked girl and pressed the cup to Rebecca's lips. She tilted the cup
  and Rebecca gulped down the mixture without protest licking the droplets from
  her lips when the cup was withdrawn. Olivia handed the clay cup to one of her
  slaves who returned it to the herbalist. The hag moved off the hill grumbling
  as she faded back into the crowd.  
Olivia helped Rebecca to her feet. They stood close together Olivia half
  supporting the trembling woman as they examining the two stipes together. Blood
  seeping from her wounds soaked into Olivia's white robe were Rebecca leaned
  against her for support. &quot; I had brought you such a pretty little seat. &quot; Olivia
  told the terrified woman. Olivia moved over to the second stipes and Rebecca
  followed numbly. Olivia's right hand reached out caressing a small protrusion
  on the stipes where a branch had once forked from the main trunk. It only jutted
  out a hand width from the stipes but it was located at the ideal height for
  the condemned to rest her hips on while she hung from the cross. &quot; I had
  to give it to your friend Judith.&quot; Olivia continued. &quot; She must be
  a true friend. Did you know she was crucified in you place?&quot; Rebecca stared
  dully across the road at the woman laboring high above the crowd on her cross. &quot; It
  seemed only right to give her some form of support to cling to.&quot;  
Olivia began to giggle at her little joke though it was totally lost on Rebecca. &quot; This
  one will do.&quot; Olivia said to Hans patting the hard lump on the front of
  the stipes. Hans motioned to the slave and he dropped the patibulum on the
  ground in front of the designated stipes. Olivia stepped away and nodded. Four
  of her slaves moved forward to surround Rebecca. They pulled the struggling
  woman over to where the second stipes waited and began to force her down onto
  the patibulum. Hans stopped them with his shouts and tried to instruct them
  as to what he wanted. They knew little Latin and absolutely no German so in
  the end he instructed them with hand gestures until he made them understand
  what he intended.  
The four slaves forced Rebecca face down onto the crossbeam. The stench of
  decayed flesh from the crossbeam filled her nostrils as the seeping wounds
  on her scourged breasts and belly were pressed into the dirt. One slave held
  her shoulders and another pinioned her legs while the other two stretched her
  arms wide on the patibulum.  
Hans seemed almost giddy as he knelt along the left side of the struggling
  woman. He patted her well-stripped ass with his damaged right hand poking curiously
  at the oozing flesh of her new brand. He reluctantly drew his hand away and
  retrieved a spike from his apron. This was new territory for Hans for though
  he had crucified a lot of criminals he was not very imaginative fellow and
  had never nailed one up facing the cross. Still he followed his instructions
  pressing the spike into the back of her wrist perhaps two finger widths below
  the hand. Rebecca felt the sharp iron press into her flesh and renewed her
  struggle against the four slaves who restrained her. The hammer rose and the
  crowd fell silent.  
Hans paused for a dramatic moment then brought the full weight of the iron
  maul down on the spike head. It easily pierced through Rebecca's thin wrist
  and sank into the soft wood beneath. Rebecca's howl's were somewhat muffled
  by the fact that she was facing the ground and that her voice was already quite
  strained from her whipping. Still the crowd remained quiet as Hans pounded
  the spike deep into the patibulum and Rebecca screamed in impotent rage. The
  lucky few who were near enough to see were treated to the view of her squirming
  bottom writhing in the dirt while Hans moved over to her other wrist. Again
  the hammer rose and fell and again the crowd listened to her strained anguish.
  Hans finished with her wrists and tucked his hammer back into his belt. His
  good left hand slipped down the crevice between his victim's ass cheeks poking
  at her anus. He pushed up off her stripped bottom and rose to his feet. Hans
  seemed to be panting and looked somewhat flushed.  
The four slaves began to lift the patibulum and Rebecca screeched in agony.
  Olivia rushed forward and addressed her slaves in their native tongue. They
  continued then with greater care lifting the crossbeam and the woman together
  as much as possible. Rebecca gasped and shrieked as the iron piercing her wrists
  pulled against flesh and bone though her own struggles caused as much pain
  as any clumsiness on the part of the slaves.  
At last she was standing in front of her stipes. This was a crux humulis
  or slaves cross, less than two meters tall. Much of the crowd saw for the first
  time that she was to be crucified facing the wood. The reaction of the multitude
  was at best mixed. While Rebecca did have a shapely ass most wanted to see
  her straining breasts and naked sex while she struggled on her cross. Then
  a slave stepped directly behind her further blocking the crowd's view. The
  crowd muttered it's discontent. The other slaves continued to raise the patibulum
  and the slave behind Rebecca grabbed her around the waist. He raised her hips,
  pulling her feet off the ground. I could see a bulge growing in his loincloth
  as he pressed forward rubbing against her buttocks. The mortise joint line
  up and Hans hammered a spike into place to hold it. Rebecca was babbling incoherently
  as her feet thrashed wildly but the slave holding her hips was supporting her
  weight. Hans knelt at the base of the stipes and grabbed her flailing left
  foot. another slave knelt and grabbed her right foot Olivia squatted down behind
  the stipes to direct Hans in the next phase of the crucifixion. The two of
  them tried several different positions while the slaves held the struggling
  victim in place. They first tried pulling her feet around the stipes to position
  them flat against the backside. Next they tried pushing the top of her feet
  flat against the front of the stipes causing her knees to splay out on either
  side of the upright. Neither position seemed to give Rebecca the leverage she
  would need to support her weight while she lingered on the cross. They finale
  decided to pull her feet half way around the trunk and push them upward until
  the knees were well flexed. The slave held both feet against the side of the
  stipes. Hans selected a single long spike. With a mighty swing he drove it
  through the side of her left heel. The heel bone is thick and it took three
  blows before the spike was seated into the wood. Screaming and thrashing wildly
  she managed to kick her right foot free. The slave ignored that and held the
  left foot in place while Hans knocked the spike deeper into the wood. The slave
  easily captured her right foot as Hans moved to that side of the stipes. Another
  spike was then driven through that heel while Rebecca howled and wailed like
  a creature that was truly dammed. The other slave holding her hips in place
  grinned as she struggled wildly against him. Once she was properly affixed
  the two slaves and Hans stepped back to admire their handiwork.  
 V  
 Rebecca's Nightmare  
Olivia surveyed her sobbing handiwork. She ran her hand lightly across the
  bleeding stripes that crossed the girl's bottom. Rebecca shuddered as Olivia's
  hand glided over the crevice of her ass, fingers probed down the crease and
  lightly over her puckered opening. It was not lost on me that her squirming
  rump had been set at a perfect height for the slave so perhaps some lucky soldier
  might enjoy himself when darkness came and the crowds had returned to their
  homes.  
It was not unusual for a woman nailed to the shorter crux humulis to be raped.
  They were lower to the ground and therefor accessible. Actually it was probably
  unusual for them not to be raped before they died. Usually they were slaves
  or worse and no one cared what happened to them as they were dying. It tended
  to happen at night so the public's sensibilities wouldn't be offended. It was
  actually a small mercy for the buffeting and jerking about from such an assault
  often opened the nail wounds in the wrist and ankles and the woman tended to
  bleed out and die that much sooner.  
 As if reading my thoughts Olivia said, &quot; Don't let the men be too rough
  with her.&quot; I must have looked startled, Could this witch read minds? &quot;I
  know soldiers can be so rough.&quot; Olivia said to me. &quot; But I'll be
  back to talk to her in the morning so you cannot let her die on me.&quot; &quot;I
  will personally look after her this evening First Consort.&quot; I assured
  her. &quot;She will be well taken care of.&quot; Olivia nodded gravely then
  broke into a broad grin. I threw my head back and laughed as I realized how
  my words might have been taken. Once the sun went down and the crowd headed
  home the men could stand in line behind me. Rebecca would be well taken care
  of indeed. Olivia and I moved away from the cross heading down the hill.  
Now that it was completed and Rebecca was alone on the hilltop the crowd
  became more appreciative of the display Olivia had created for them. Rebecca
  was pressed against the rough wood of the stipes with her knees widely parted.
  Her thighs clutched at the upright like a whore climbing up onto her patron.
  She remained motionless for as long as possible but finally pushed herself
  upward stretching against the cross until her head was above the crossbeam.
  She rested her chin over the top of the cross panting until her legs began
  to tremble. Her head tilted backward and she slid slowly back down the cross.
  Her only respites coming when she pressed her crotch onto the wood protruding
  from the stipes. Her every movement was a pain filled parody of the sex act.
  The crowd warmed to the sight shouting insults at the helpless girl as she
  struggled to rise once again on her cross. Olivia and I reached the palanquin
  at the bottom of the hill.  
 Half of Olivia's military escort remained at the base of the hill guarding
  Rebecca's cross. Olivia arranged herself on her palanquin reclining on her
  left side so she faced me. She still managed to look quite regal in her blood
  stained white robe. Four of her slaves lifted the litter while the other two
  fell into line behind and the rest of her guard took up positions around her.
  We crossed the road easily the crowd parting to let us pass. When we reached
  the original execution site the two slaves went to retrieve the sedan chair
  and Olivia spoke to me a final time.  
&quot; I will be back to check on my little slave.&quot; She told me, her
  tone quiet and somber. &quot;I hope you realize I am serious about you protecting
  her through the night.&quot; I looked up at the reclining woman the worry clearly
  showing on my face. She broke into a benevolent smile that was almost as intimidating
  as her frown. &quot;Oh don't worry your men can have their fun. Just keep her
  alive that's all I require. She is my slave and she will not die without my
  permission.&quot;  
 I have faced the Gaul's in battle and survived the campaign against the
  Teutonic tribes. None would dared call me a coward to my face. Still this sweet
  smiling woman, reclining in her blood stained robe, sent a shiver down my spine.
  I certainly would do whatever I could to keep the Elder's daughter alive and
  suffering until Olivia decided to release her.  
Olivia and her retinue departed, heading back into the city. We settled in
  for a long day of guarding those who were condemned to a slow death. A jug
  of water was sent over to Rebecca's hilltop. A thorough inspection of the prisoners
  clothing revealed a single gold coin and several small gems sewn into the hem
  of the priest robe. There was nothing else of value. We kept the loincloths
  and the yellow slip of cloth that Rebecca had worn. The rest of the clothes
  were tossed into the crowd where they were torn apart for souvenirs.  
As the sun approached its zenith we watered the parched criminals. The crux
  humulis, which held the priest, was low enough to give him water directly from
  a leather campaign cup. The other two prisoners sucked water from a scrap of
  soaked loincloth stuck on the tip of a pilum. The condemned had each fallen
  into their own rhythm rising and sinking as the strength of their legs allowed.
  The sun had begun to burn the paler parts of the their flesh and flies were
  exploring the nail wounds. The prisoners would twitch in discomfort but they
  were helpless to fend off the obnoxious bugs. They remained mostly quiet conserving
  their strength while the crowd taunted and insulted them.  
 I personally journeyed across the road to make sure Rebecca received her
  water. The sun had begun to work on her pale flesh as well. She had lost any
  semblance of the dignified woman who had walked at the side of her aging father
  as they were marched toward the capital. I stood next to her cross studying
  her sweating body as it slithered up along the stipes. The valley between her
  breasts was scraped raw where she rubbed against the rough wood in her upward
  struggle. Her thighs were beginning to chafe where they clutched and gripped
  at the stipes. She groaned and slipped back down the stipes too engrossed in
  her present suffering to acknowledge my presence. Once again she sank down
  to rest on her precarious perch. I offered her watered wine from my own cup.
  She gulped the liquid eagerly and the excess ran down her chin. I pulled my
  eyes away from her bruised breasts and striped torso and looked out over the
  multitude.  
 It was amusing to watch the crowd as I stood beside Rebecca's cross. They
  would stare intently at Judith's naked torso rising up then sliding down on
  the cornu while she wept piteously. Her breasts would tremble as she panted
  standing erect but would be drawn upward as she sank back down on her horn.
  Then Rebecca would let out a gasp or groan and the crowd would turn as one
  their backs now to Judith so they might gaze upon the lovely Rebecca as she
  slithered down from the height of her cross to grind her hips against the wood.  
Mid day approached and some of the more enterprising merchants moved among
  the crowd. They had left their stalls at the deserted central market and were
  now selling their wares to the hungry spectators. Skewers of roasted goat,
  flatbread, water, wine and honey cakes; all could be had though the prices
  were exorbitant. Marcus waded into the crowd with the treasure we had found
  in the priest clothing. Marcus was an excellent haggler and he soon returned
  with meat and wine to supplement the men's rations of grain and water. We graciously
  shared our bounty with the men from the Governor's foot guard. Several of the
  men went over to the priests cross thanking him personally for his generous
  contribution as the waved the wine flasks and meat under the man's nose. He
  sputtered curses at them but soon decided to save his breath.  
The sun moved past its zenith and began it's descent. The four criminals
  struggled up and down on their crosses each at their own pace as pain and exhaustion
  dictated. Judith urinated into the dirt while the crowed jeered and teased
  her. We watered all the prisoners a second time. The priest had stopped sweating;
  his bright red skin was hot and dry to the touch. I directed that the leather
  cinch be removed from his penis and he immediately emptied his bladder. He
  was given more water but his struggles lacked strength and it didn't seem likely
  that he would last through the night. The elder remained mostly silent intently
  watching his daughter as she struggled on her cross across the road. Tears
  no longer flowed from his eyes. His mouth moved in soundless prayer but it
  seemed his gods had deserted him.  
The crowd had thinned somewhat. The road was still packed but now there was
  some movement as people that had seen their fill headed back toward the city
  and new spectators pushed forward for a better view. The women were the main
  attraction of course. While it was amusing to jeer and tease the struggling
  victims they were all becoming sluggish now and remained silent in response
  to the audience's witty barbs. Eventually the spectators tired and moved on.
  The road was soon open enough for traffic to enter and leave the city though
  the crowds slowed to view the four crosses before continuing on their way.  
Our relief column arrived at mid afternoon. Twenty soldiers relived the men
  at both sites. Ten men from the relief column replaced the men of the Governor's
  foot guard and the remainder took up position around the original execution
  site. Ordinarily I would have returned to the barracks with the first watch
  but the words of Olivia's charge still rang in my ears. The thought of Rebecca's
  choice little bottom squirming in the darkness was also at the back of my mind.  
Now that the crowd had thinned, the guard was mostly posted to keep scavengers
  and carrion feeders away. No one seriously considered that anyone would try
  to rescue this pathetic group. By this point the crowd could be held back with
  just five or six soldiers at the base of each hill. The remaining soldiers
  rested beneath the crosses and amused themselves as soldiers often do. They
  spent their time gambling, drinking, complaining, and harassing the condemned.
  The men resting below Rebecca's cross spent a good deal of time loudly discussing
  their plans for the evening's entertainment. She had been sensibly ignoring
  them, as nothing she might say would effect her fate in the slightest.  
I was across the road watching the criminals slowly dying. My first indication
  of a problem was when the old man rose up and began to shout out &quot;help
  her!&quot; in a hoarse cracking voice. It took only a moment to realize his
  daughter was the problem. Quite suddenly Rebecca had risen up on her legs and
  begun to scream hysterically as she violent shook her head from side to side.
  If she kept that up she might tear herself loose from the cross.  
Two soldiers playing knucklebones beneath her cross jumped up to restrain
  her while calling out    for more help. I could
  see from across the road that her nose was bleeding. I hurried across the road
  to determine the cause of the trouble. I had visions of explaining a dead slave
  to the First Consort. The curious onlookers traveling the road stopped to speculate
  about what might cause such a sudden outburst. When I reached the cross the
  problem became obvious. A great swarm of flies had descended upon Rebecca's
  patibulum. Whether this was due to the stench of rotting flesh on the used
  crossbeam or some other attractant didn't really matter. She had managed to
  smash her nose against the stipes as she violently tried to shake off the flies.
  While the flies themselves were harmless the swarm was so thick Rebecca was
  spitting and choking on them. She was screaming frantically while inhaling
  the tiny creatures with each breath. I lifted the water jug and emptied it
  over her face. That seemed to disperse the swarm from around her head. I sent
  for the remaining water from the other hilltop and the patibulum was washed
  down with the remaining water. Her nose didn't seem to be broken and eventually
  the bleeding stopped.  
I sent two of my men back into the city to refill our water jugs at the central
  well. We kept watch over the elder's daughter but the problem seemed to be
  resolved and she was once again embracing her struggle against death, rising
  and falling upon her cross to an internal rhythm dictated by her strength and
  her pain. The skin on her shoulders and back had blistered in the afternoon
  sun. It was really a shame that her beauty should fall so quickly into ruin
  on the cross.  
The sun dropped toward the horizon and with it the temperature plunged. Watch
  fires were lit on both hilltops before full darkness fell. The naked prisoners
  shivered in the cool evening breeze. The road cleared of travelers well before
  the city gates were closed for the night. The Soldiers talked a bit too loudly
  in the gathering darkness.  
We ate our repast of grain and shared the last of the watered wine. The prisoner's
  thirst was attended to. The men were waiting pensively. I had the men gather
  up the extra rope and the yellow cloth Rebecca had worn. I ordered two of the
  men to remain with the first three crosses and the rest of us traversed the
  road to Rebecca's execution site. Her father's pleaded that we spare her any
  further degradation and just let her die. The men laughed.  
Rebecca's nose was swollen, her breasts were raw, her thighs chafed and torn
  from her struggles on her cross. Her skin was burnt and she shivered in the
  cool of the dessert night. She was a mess. I ordered the men to bind her wrists
  and ankles to the cross with rope so she wouldn't further injure herself as
  we amused ourselves with her. I raised her hips until she was lifted off her
  wooden seat then had the men bind her waist with rope. True to my word I was
  the first in line to use her. She began to plead when I spit onto my hand and
  started moistening her tight little anus. Her dry husky voice begging me to
  have mercy stirred my lust and I was into her long before her hole was ready.
  The ropes kept her from aggravating the nail wounds in her wrists and feet.
  Still she screeched in pain while I cheerfully ravaged the narrow passage to
  her bowels. As I emptied my balls into her I grunted out my pleasure. &quot;One
  down and twenty more to go.&quot; I gleefully told her. She kept on screaming
  until her strained voice was hardly a croak.  
The men were in no rush Some teased her sex until she was squirming seductively
  on her cross and then raped her ass. Others simply wanted to use her quickly
  and return to the warmth of the watch fires. The old man was still begging
  us to leave her alone even after we had all had our turn with her. At some
  point while we were having our fun the priest died on his cross. He did manage
  to foul himself either before or while he was dying and it stank. Most of the
  men wanted to remain on Rebecca's side of the road simply because of the stench.
  I ordered some of the men to rotate across the road so all could have their
  turn with Rebecca.  
One of the men who were stuck across the road with the dead priest, the elder,
  and Judith decide that it was unfair that Rebecca should have all the fun.
  He reversed his grip on his pilum and used the butt end of the wooden shaft
  to tease open Judith's sex. He worked the wooden shaft deep into her nearly
  lifting her off the horn. She cried out in protest and cursed the man's parentage
  but there was little else she could do. In the end she wisely conserved her
  strength while he worked the wooden shaft in and out of her slowly moistening
  slit. Judith skewered by both her cornu and the spear shaft now danced upon
  her cross to the tune of the soldier raping her with his pilum. With this new
  game to entertain them it became less of a chore assigning men across the road,
  some even volunteered for the chance. This is how we passed the night. When
  the sight of Judith's dance overly excited one of the men there was always
  Rebecca's bottom available to slack his lusts.  
With the coming of dawn we cleaned up the site. Rebecca's arms ankles and
  waist was untied. Semen dripped from her well-raped bottom. Her gapping anus
  was distended and her upper thighs were coated with drying semen. A muddy puddle
  had formed at the base of her cross .   No one
  would have any doubt as to how she had been despoiled through the night. Still
  she was alive and relatively unharmed. Olivia should be satisfied. The priest
  was dead and had loosened his bowels before he left this earth. No one was
  going to volunteer to clean up that mess so I ordered two of the men to wash
  down the cross and body using the discarded loincloths. It helped make the
  site a bit more tolerable though the stench of the dead body would only get
  worse with time. As the sun rose the three remaining criminals were given water.  
Olivia arrived shortly after sunrise with the morning relief column. She
  complained about the smell and ordered the priest's body be removed. We pulled
  the corpse down and dragged it behind the hill, downwind. Olivia fussed over
  her slave, Rebecca giving her some wine and having one of her slaves apply
  an unguent to her sunburned skin. She inquired about the injured nose and I
  explained how it had occurred. Olivia seemed satisfied.  
The woman seemed overly concerned about a condemned slave though I wasn't
  about to inquire about her unusual interest. Olivia eventually answered my
  question without my asking. &quot; If she lives past noon I will have won our
  bet. The Govoner was sure she was too delicate to last a full day on the cross.&quot; I
  assured her there was no reason Rebecca wouldn't survive the next few hours.
  I was tired and not thinking very clearly. &quot; I'm sure the men will see
  that she lives through the day. They much prefer using a warm squirming body,
  to the touch a cold corpse.&quot; Olivia wasn't shocked by my crudity; she
  seemed totally unconcerned. &quot;Just so long as she lasts past midday, I
  have 1000 denarii depending on her living that long.&quot; My clenched right
  fist snapped to my chest in a sharp military salute &quot;It shall be done.&quot; I
  assured the First Consort  
When the sun passed over it's zenith we sent word to the First Consort that
  Rebecca still lived. I remained at the execution site until the afternoon relief
  column appeared then retired to the barracks with my men.  
 VI  
 A Circus for the gods  
The Citadel bustled with activity as we entered the gates. The remaining
  prisoners were being prepared for the arena. The male prisoners had been given
  wooden swords and shields and some of my men were attempting to train them
  in the basics of swordplay. The prisoners grunted and sweated as they stumbled
  through their exercises in the paddock while legionaries looked on, jeering
  or cheering depending on the novice's skill.  
The women would need no special training to entertain the crowds at the stadium.
  Four of them were engaged in the pleasuring of bored soldiers, but I quickly
  ordered that all five remaining women be assembled. After a cursory inspection
  I selected the second tallest, a slim dark skinned beauty with dark curly hair
  and an ample bosom, whose name was Leona. She accompanied me to my room. In
  truth she reminded me a bit of the elder's daughter, though her breasts were
  larger and her hips were narrower. I forced her face down over my chair and
  took her from behind, grasping her hips and briskly using her.  
I had been awake for over 36 hours, and before that I had less than 5 hours
  sleep after the long forced march. I crawled up onto my pallet and fell into
  a deep, well-earned sleep.  
 I awoke long before dawn. The captive woman I had brought to my sleeping
  pallet had curled up against me. I pushed her away and she rolled onto the
  floor whimpering from the fall. After all she had endured the last two days
  she barely reacted to this rude awakening. I stretched on my sleeping pallet,
  staring at the ceiling, unable to return to sleep and unwilling to wander the
  compound waiting for the dawn.  
&quot; How may I serve you, Sir?&quot; the girl asked, no doubt trying to
  curry some favor in my eyes. &quot; You will be going to the arena today.&quot; I
  growled at her. &quot; What will happen to me?&quot; she asked in her fear
  filled timid voice. &quot; You will die.&quot; I answered with simple frankness.
  She knew this would be her fate, she had known it for days. Still, she drew
  a shuddering breadth and began to sob. &quot; Please can't you do anything?&quot; her
  sobbing plea and her trembling form cowering on the floor were enough to stir
  any man's lust. I decided I could do something about it, though I'm sure it
  wasn't what she had in mind. I took her in the manner of the Greeks and she
  squealed in pain as I entered her narrow passage. When I was finished I offered
  her a little harmless information, though I owed her nothing.  
 &quot;You will be dressed in a short white slave's tunic for the parade
  to the stadium.&quot; I told her. &quot; When they make you wash, before they
  dress you, leave the scent of my seed between your legs.&quot; She gave me
  a puzzled look and opened her mouth to speak. I held my finger to her lip to
  silence her. &quot; Be a good girl, do as you're told, maybe you won't suffer
  the fate of the others. Tell no one what I've said.&quot; She nodded and knelt
  silently by my pallet awaiting my command.  
Today we would celebrate the feast of Janus. The two faced god of beginnings
  and endings. As a soldier I was better versed at endings, and the seditious
  village of Tov Kepha would certainly be ending today, in its entirety. Any
  beginnings that we might wish to celebrate, I left for others to discover.  
This land was a barren outpost of the Empire, so we could never hope to approach
  the splendor of the Circus Maximus of Rome. Still, the Governor was a Roman
  Knight of the Equestrian Order, with all the wealth and privilege that title
  implied. Our stadium only seated 16,000, but the oval track was large enough
  for chariot racing. The field could hold over 100 Gladiators at a time, though
  that number had yet to be achieved. The Governor had accumulated a menagerie
  of exotic animals and wild beasts in his years here. It might not have Rome's
  pomp and splendor, but we were perfectly capable of putting on a circus that
  would entertain the troops and the local dignitaries.  
The first faint signs of dawn appeared in the eastern sky. I escorted the
  girl back to the paddock where most of the other prisoners had slept, and then
  went to the gates as the morning watch prepared to march out and relieve the
  guards at the execution site. I questioned the returning guards as to the health
  of the old man and was relieved to hear he and Judith still lived. I had wondered
  how Rebecca might have faired in my absence. She had lasted long into her second
  night, almost long enough to see her second sunrise from the cross.  
The men had drawn lots to determine the order in which they would have her.
  Each man had been eager to be the last one inside her when she drew her final
  breath. With no binding on her wrist and ankles the nail wounds opened up quite
  quickly. As the night had worn on, each had their chance with her several times
  over. Some even managed to use her in the more conventional way by pulling
  her hips away from the stripes and bending her waist as far forward as possible.
  It was one of the youngest soldiers in my command who felt her death rattle
  while buried deep inside her bowels. His compatriots immediately hailed him
  as the newest &quot;whore slayer,&quot; an honorific that he may have been
  proud of at the time but as the jokes and teasing continued he became a bit
  embarrassed by the whole &quot;honor&quot;. It was really just dumb luck more
  than any feat of skill that had led to her dying on his &quot;spear&quot;.
  Judith and the old man were both alive, though barely aware of their surroundings,
  lost in their private pain-filled haze. They would bear witness as the last
  of their fellow villagers marched by on the way to the arena to meet their
  fates.  
The sun had been up for over an hour before the prisoners were prepared for
  the march to the arena. The women were allowed to wash and groom each other
  before they were dressed in short white tunics. The men were stripped to loincloths.
  A guard of 40 men would be escorting the prisoners. They were led through the
  gates of the Citadel and marched to the central market place where the parade
  was to assemble. Because of the holiday, the market was closed and people came
  out to stare at the strange and exotic gathering. The prisoners would lead
  the procession, followed by the horse drawn carts that contained the Governor's
  collection of wild beasts. Four caged lions, a caged tiger and a hobbled elephant
  all made their noisy displeasure known. The animals would be followed by a
  contingent of 20 professional gladiators, and 12 racing chariots brought up
  the rear. When all was ready we began the march toward the eastern gate and
  the stadium beyond.  
 When we passed by the execution site the village elder hung listlessly,
  resting on his sedile, but he still lived. Judith still struggled in her slow
  dance upon the ivory horn. Carrion birds were perched upon each of Rebecca's
  shoulders, squabbling loudly as they plucked choice bits of flesh from the
  fresh corpse. The procession marched on.  
The arena was on the southern side of the road nearly two miles from the
  city gates. A sizable crowd had followed us, and many soldiers had already
  arrived to claim the better seats. We entered the stadium through the three
  giant arches that made up the northern gate. Unlike the Circus Maximus in Rome,
  our stadium did not have the labyrinth of rooms underground. There was a Gladiator's
  pit beneath the bleachers near the eastern entrance, and pens for the animals
  lay behind the southern doorway. The northern entrance was large enough to
  admit chariots, two at a time, each with their team of four horses. The procession
  waited, under the stadium benches, for the arrival of the Governor's entourage.
  A minor adjustment was made in the order of march. The women still headed the
  procession with their escort of ten soldiers. The male prisoners and the remaining
  guards fell back one place and followed behind the beasts.  
The stadium filled quickly, and the crowds were impatiently stamping their
  feet. The animals grew restless in their cages. Finally the Governor arrived
  and led the parade out onto the stadium track, to the enthusiastic cheering
  of the crowds. When the procession reached the midpoint of the Western Wall
  we halted by the archway. The Governor and his guests proceeded to the Governor's
  box and took their seats beneath the shade of the Imperial awning.  
Below we awaited his signal. He looked down at the five women who would lead
  the parade. &quot;Strip them.&quot; He shouted down cheerfully. The ten soldiers
  who accompanied them quickly pulled away the flimsy white tunics. The crowd
  bellowed its delight, and the noise rose with thousands of clapping hands and
  stomping feet. The size of the crowd, the level of the noise, and the fear
  of what awaited them overwhelmed some of the women. The guards had to steady
  their stumbling charges as they started off to lead the procession again. Jeering
  insults, heckling and taunts were all lost in the general bedlam as the naked
  women headed the parade on its slow circuit of the stadium track. When they
  reached the southern entrance, the animals were sent into the waiting pens.
  At the eastern doorway, the male prisoners and the professional gladiators
  disappeared into the waiting pits. At the northern entrance, the chariots left
  two by two to wait patiently for their chance at glory. When the women had
  finished the complete circuit, the parade had shrunk to just the five nude
  women and the soldiers who guarded them. The soldiers turned the five of them
  so they faced the Governor. The noise from the crowd began to lessen in anticipation
  of the next amusement.  
There were five branding stools set in a row before the Governor's viewing
  box. Two soldiers escorted each naked woman to a stool. The tops of the stools
  consisted of a wooden frame in the shape of an &quot; I &quot; - two short
  wooden slates connected by a longer beam down the center. The legs of the stool
  were attached to the two cross pieces. Each woman was forced to knell before
  a stool facing the Governor. Their hips were pressed over the back of the stool.
  The rear legs of stool were a full hands breadth taller than the front and
  they splayed apart at a wide angle. The women's thighs and knees were quickly
  strapped to the rear stool legs. Each woman was then bent forward, her torso
  sloping downward, and her shoulders forced down onto the lower crosspiece.
  Their arms were pulled forward. Their breasts now dangled on either side of
  the central beam. Their arms were pulled under the forward crosspiece and then
  were drawn backward so the wrists could be bound to the rear legs. Their heads
  now hung lower than their rumps. They could only watch the Governor by straining
  their necks awkwardly to hold up their heads.  
There were over forty of these stools stored at the arena. It was convenient
  whenever a large number of female prisoners were to be processed. The women
  could be brought to the stadium. The worthless ones could be quickly culled
  and all the others could be branded, displayed, and auctioned conveniently
  and efficiently in a single afternoon.  
There were no branding irons heating here today. These women had participated
  in an insurrection. They would not be allowed the life of a slave.  
Gladiators called these same stools rape racks. It was not uncommon for a
  naked slave girl to be bound to one before the final bout of the afternoon.
  She would listen to the cheers and applause of the crowd, not for the exposure
  of her lovely nude body, but rather for the bloody struggle of the two fighting
  men. When the battle was over the victorious gladiator would take his place
  behind the terrified slave girl. While the crowd cheered him on he would claim
  his prize. At the culmination of his pleasure he would grab her hair and pull
  her head back so her gaze fell upon the cheering crowd, then he would draw
  his blade across her throat. His seed would spurt into her belly as her life's
  blood pumped out onto the sand. The crowd always went wild at such a spectacle,
  a fitting finale to the day's contests.  
This morning there were no brave young gladiators standing behind the women,
  willing to deal a mercifully swift death to the prisoners. A different fate
  awaited them.  
Before each of the stools a numbered pendant flew. I walked behind the row
  of prisoner's examining the preparations. Leona's thatch of pubic hair was
  still matted with my drying seed. She might soon regret that she had followed
  my instructions. I almost reached forward to give her bottom a last affectionate
  pat. I moved on.  
It was my century that had procured these prisoners, and therefore I was
  accorded the honor of a place in the Governor's viewing box. I passed through
  the doorway on the Western Wall and closed it behind me. I ran up the stairway
  and quickly entered the Governor's booth. There were already almost 30 people
  in the entourage and I scanned for a place to view the proceedings. The Governor
  looked at me inquiringly as I entered. I held my right hand flat against my
  chest, displaying four fingers. His nod was almost imperceptible. I worked
  my way to the front of the booth and stood on the left-hand side.  
The stadium was filled to capacity. Nearly half the benches were filled with
  men from the tenth legion. Many of these men had seen this game, or some close
  variant, played before. Even before the Governor rose to speak they had already
  begun to wager on which of the women would &quot;win&quot; this contest.  
The Governor rose and stepped forward raising his hands. Silence slowly descended
  over the stadium and he addressed the crowd.  
&quot; These criminals have been convicted of insurrection against the Emperor
  and Roman law.&quot; The crowd screamed out it's fury and the Governor waited
  patiently for the noise to fade away. &quot; They are condemned to die in this
  public forum.&quot; Cheers erupted and the Governor waited again for the slow
  return to quiet. &quot;They should all be torn limb from limb by wild beasts.&quot; He
  continued. &quot; However the Feast of Janus moves us to be merciful.&quot; The
  crowd remained quiet now, not feeling particularly merciful themselves. &quot; I
  think we shall allow one of their number to rest on the seat of honor while
  her friends face the lions.&quot; The Stadium erupted in cheers as the crowd
  realized it would not be denied the bloody spectacle they so desperately wanted
  to see.  
&quot; The question is how do we decide who shall be spared?&quot; The Governor
  continued when the audience had quieted. The crowd buzzed with many wild and
  varied suggestions, but then from among the seasoned troops came the chant &quot; Caesar!
  Caesar! Caesar! &quot; The entire multitude began to pick up the cry though
  most did not understand its meaning yet. The Governor raised his right hand
  and the chant slowly faded. &quot; As you wish,&quot; the Governor exclaimed, &quot; we
  shall let Caesar decide.&quot;  
&gt;From the southern gate a handler strode forth with a giant, gray furred
  Northern Wolfhound eagerly tugging forward against his leash. The dog fairly
  pulled its handler along toward the center of the stadium. Its shoulders stood
  as high as the man's hips and the beast weighed nearly as much as the man who
  tried to restrain it. The dog had been sent from Rome. It was captured along
  the northern frontier, too old to train as a war dog. The beast became a gift
  for the Governor and his given name was &quot;Caesar&quot;.  
 The developing situation was now becoming clear even to the dullest in the
  throng, and there was a roar of approval. The women bound facing the Governor's
  box had no idea what was happening behind them, though they struggled in vain
  to raise their heads and peer back over their shoulders. The dog anxiously
  led the way to the five bound naked rumps raised up in the air for his examination.
  The first woman in line let out a fearsome squeal as the cold snout pressed
  into her most private parts. The handler did not let the beast linger over
  any particular woman, walking him briskly down the line. One by one the woman
  screeched in shock as the dogs cold nose assessed their proffered bottoms.
  The beast and his handler moved to stand in front of the women, and the man
  faced the Governor. The audience was in bedlam; most were on their feet seeking
  to place a wager as to which of the woman &quot;Caesar&quot; would chose.  
The women were now able to see for the first time the animal that the cold
  nose was attached to. The beast was large, long furred and sat with his back
  to the Governor. He was facing the women who had now roused his interest. The
  women stared in sickening fascination as he displayed for them his growing
  desire. As they stared in fear and dread, his pink member grew beyond its sheath,
  slapping against his belly as he sat there panting at them. Four women wailed
  and pleaded, faces flushed with shame. Leona now realized what I had done to
  her. The dreadful reality of what was to come became so inescapably clear in
  her mind that she simply hung her head in resignation. Tears of shame ran down
  her face to drip from the end of her nose onto the sand. The Governor waited
  for the noisy crowd to regain their seats so the game could proceed.  
At last the Governor charged the handler to proceed, and with a jerk of the
  leash the beast was led behind the women to a spot some twenty paces away.
  The dog sat patiently while the handler removed its leash. Then both man and
  beast looked up expectantly to the Governor's box. The crowd had mostly regained
  their seats and was now chanting the dog's name softly at first, but with a
  growing urgency. &quot; Caesar! Caesar! Caesar!&quot; The Governor let the
  tension build until the noise was almost a roar. He nodded to the dog's handler
  and the man uttered a single word at the beast. &quot; Mount&quot; he shouted
  flinging his outstretched hand toward the line of bound women. The dog did
  not dash forward, but seemed to swagger as it strutted toward the trembling
  women. The mob howled in unrestrained glee, and the horrified women shrieked
  in terror. The dog did not simply leap onto the first exposed bottom that he
  came to. He actually slowed and began to walk the line, sniffing and licking
  at each of the women's privates, growling when they flinched from the touch
  of his tongue.  
When he reached Leona he stopped, his nose pressed into the narrow opening
  I had used. His hungry tongue borrowed deep into her lower opening, and she
  shuddered knowing what was about to happen. His front paws bounced up over
  her bottom and then scrabbled against her skin as they slipped along the downward
  slope of her back. The crowd had actually fallen silent to witness this extraordinary
  display. Caesar's forepaws clutched at her chest, the dewclaws leaving bloody
  gouges as they dug into the flesh between her ribs. Leona wasn't wailing so
  much as issuing a long unending high pitched keening noise. Caesar's rear haunches
  pressed hard against her bottom then backed away a bit as he positioned himself
  to lunge. He made a few tentative thrusts and then Leona let out a piercing
  shriek. The dog was inside her, pressing deeper and thrusting with sudden speed
  and vigor.  
Caesar had chosen. About a fifth of the crowd was ecstatic. While the beast
  pumped away inside her, the pathetic woman wailed miserably, and a number of
  small fortunes exchanged hands throughout the arena. I looked up at the Governor.
  He was smiling broadly, while Olivia shook her head in dismay. It appeared
  the Governor had recouped his loses from yesterday. Even those who had lost
  money couldn't help but appreciate the bizarre spectacle that was being played
  out in the sands for their amusement.  
The four women that Caesar had bypassed were given a brief reprieve, while
  in the center of the arena workers were busily preparing for the next stage
  of the entertainment.  
 VII  
 Janus's Feast  
The stadium track had two permanent stone posts, one at the northern, and
  the other at the southern end. A full chariot race consisted of ten circuits
  around these turn posts. (The Circus Maximus track was only seven circuits,
  but our stadium was a bit smaller) The centerline between the turn posts had
  a number of rock-lined postholes that allowed a wooden barrier to be erected
  down the center of the stadium during races. At the very center of the Stadium
  was a deeper posthole for the heavy signpost that held the lap counter. There
  were also four postholes forming a square around the central lap counter so
  that a number of officials could safely stand within a fenced in area during
  the races. These four corner posts were now being erected. The posts were about
  three-fourths the height of a tall man. The tops were planed and carved and
  could accept the mortise notch of a patibulum. Four crossbeams were secured
  to the tops of these posts. They were much shorter forms of a patibulum, only
  about twice the width of a woman's shoulders. The four corner posts were firmly
  sunk and the top beams secured. The men now turned toward the naked women waiting
  on the branding stools.  
Caesar had spent his lust inside Leona and attempted to dismount. The woman
  screeched in agony as the beast tugged against her. The knot at the base of
  his penis had swollen inside her, and he was firmly lodged in place. For the
  time being they were truly mated. Caesar released his grip on her chest. Standing
  over the trussed woman he was resigned now to wait until his swollen member
  shrank. She cringed beneath him, his panting tongue drooling on her bare back.  
The men began to release the other women one by one, but only to bring them
  to the center of the stadium. The raised posts with the short patibuli fastened
  atop made up four very short Tau crosses. The women's arms were hoisted up
  over the crossbeams and then were pulled down behind the crosses. As they hung
  by their shoulders their wrists were bound together just below a wooden peg
  at the back of the cross. Their stretched arms were held against the peg by
  their own weight. The position caused their breasts to jut out lewdly, and
  their feet could barely touch the ground. The shortest of their number was
  in fact hanging free; her feet kicking feebly, searching for support, while
  the tallest was able to stand without any difficulty. They were bound like
  four tethered lambs, wiggling on their poles as the crowd awaited the slaughter
  to come.  
While these four were being secured, another group of attendants was bringing
  the &quot;Seat of Honor&quot; into the stadium. Few would have recognized it,
  as it had not been used for over two years.  
Nearly three years past a Syrian &quot;Prince&quot; had taken up arms against
  Rome. He began his campaign with an army of nearly three thousand men, but
  within six months he and his remaining followers were little more than a roving
  band of bandits preying on the caravans and travelers on the Damascus road.
  My century had been among the first to drive them to ground, trapping them
  in a series of caves fifteen miles southwest of Damascus. After a number of
  skirmishes, and a few weeks without food or water, his own followers delivered
  him to us. He and the other survivors had been marched to the Capital where
  the Governor decreed that the &quot;Prince&quot; should die on a cross befitting
  his noble birth.  
The crux sublimus that was constructed for the occasion had stood almost
  eighteen feet tall. It was made of well-planed cedar and painted pure white.
  The Prince had squealed like a child as he hung nailed to his cross. His own
  men had been forced to fight in the arena, slaughtering each other for their
  captor's amusement, under the gaze of their dying &quot;Prince&quot;. After
  a few painful hours hanging from the nails, the Prince took his seat. The cornu
  that the Prince eventually impaled himself upon was carved from the fire hardened
  wood of an olive tree. The horn was trimmed in brass and gold leaf. Now the &quot;Seat
  of Honor&quot; had been restored to its original glory, and a shepherd girl
  would be honored for having had the bad fortune of being selected by our own &quot;Caesar&quot;.  
&quot;Caesar&quot; had managed to disentangle himself by now, and the dog
  handler was leading him quickly away before he developed a renewed lust for
  his newfound lover. Leona was released from her branding stool and led sobbing
  and befouled to the center of the stadium. The Crux Sublimus waited next to
  the central posthole. Eight men gathered around her and she was quickly laid
  down and stretched out on the cross. Another dozen workers poured out from
  the northern entrance to help erect the cross. Her hands were stretched out
  across the pure white patibulum and held firmly down. Two men with hammers
  worked in unison to drive in the spikes that secured her wrists. Her screams
  were even louder than those that had accompanied her bestial rape. Her hips
  were drawn up above the tip of the cornu. Her knees were bent and her feet
  were pressed flat against the wood of the stipes. Again two carpenters worked
  together to quickly affix both her feet to the wood.  
Iron rings had already been imbedded in the ends of the patibulum and these
  were used to attach ropes. Four men guided the base of the stipes into the
  posthole while four others started lifting the top of the stipes. The crowd
  was clapping in unison as the rest of the workers took their places on the
  ropes. The cross rose smoothly and slid into its hole. The poor, shrieking
  victim atop the cross was jarred about, and fresh rivulets of bright red blood
  flowed across the white painted wood. The crowed cheered as the men finished
  erecting the cross. The white of the cross contrasted well with her sun darkened
  skin, and the downward trickle of blood from her wounds was visible throughout
  the arena. Leona was now almost fifteen feet above the sands, and her nakedness
  was gloriously displayed for the thousands who had gathered for the games.
  She hung low on the cross, her hips thrown to one side. Her knees protruded
  the other way, forming a shapely crescent around the glittering cornu that
  she would eventually need to sit on.  
Even before the crowd could fully appreciate Leona's lovely features, the
  southern gates opened and the Governor's pride of lions entered. The male stood
  three feet tall at the shoulders and was nearly ten feet long. He weighed more
  than three grown men, and he had been kept hungry for this very event. He strode
  into the arena and the crowd roared noisily. He looked up at the spectators
  in disdain and roared back at them. He strutted out toward the center of the
  stadium followed by his harem of three lionesses. The largest of the females
  was about two-thirds the size of the male, the smallest of the three a little
  over half his size. The females seemed to slink behind their lord and master,
  waiting for him to select the first victim. The stadium had fallen completely
  silent, almost from the moment that the lion had roared back at the raucous
  mob. Now the crowd strained to hear every little noise that came from the women
  and the lions.  
The four women bound to the low posts at the center of the stadium had seen
  the animals approaching, and were screaming hysterically as they struggled
  to free their pinioned arms. Leona, high above them and presumably safe from
  the beasts' attacks, screamed along with the others as she desperately pulled
  against the iron spikes that held her. Her struggles sent fresh streams of
  blood trickling down the painted wood  
.  
The lion strode through the screaming women, heading directly toward Leona's
  cross. His tongue, nearly as wide as the stipes itself, licked delicately,
  smearing the fresh blood that dripped down toward the sand. The three lionesses
  were milling and circling some twenty feet away from the screaming women. The
  lion looked up at Leona, measuring, calculating. His head tilted back, and
  he bellowed a mighty roar. She shrieked, jerking straight upward, standing
  fully erect on her pierced feet, trembling in terror.  
The lion turned and pattered away, almost in disgust, and joined the females
  prowling in a circle around the other four women. After making a complete circuit
  around the four shorter posts, the lion dropped down onto his belly. He was
  about twenty feet away, facing the cross that held the shortest of the four
  women.  
He stared into her eyes. The woman's feet scrabbled against the post that
  held her, as if she were trying to climb it. The lion inched his way forward,
  crawling on his belly. Then his haunches tensed, muscles bunching. The woman
  opened her mouth to scream, as the lion pounced. His paws struck her shoulders,
  and a sharp crack reverberated through the stadium as the post snapped. The
  roar of the crowd was deafening. The woman, the post and the lion all tumbled
  into the sand. The woman landed on her back, she was free of the post but her
  hands were still bound behind her back. She slid across the sand, desperately
  pushing backward, the heels of her feet churning the sand as the lion regained
  his footing. He shook his huge mane and then focused on his intended meal.
  With a short bound the lion was on top of her. He lifted her by her neck shaking
  her as she made a last gurgling attempt at a scream. The woman's body went
  limp, and blood spurted over the beasts mouth. The lion dragged his fresh kill
  into the shade of the eastern wall. He plopped down with the carcass between
  his paws and prepared to gorge himself.  
While this was happening, the tallest of the women had managed to free her
  wrists from the restraining peg. She slipped off the crosspiece with her hands
  still bound behind her. She ran toward the northern gate. Two lionesses took
  off in immediate pursuit. The closest one brought the woman down before she
  had run a dozen feet. The second lioness plowed into the two of them and sank
  her teeth into the woman's right shoulder, lifting her upper body as if to
  drag the prize away. The first one, who was the oldest and largest of the lionesses,
  gave a warning growl before clamping onto the woman's left thigh.  
The woman was still alive and screaming as the two great cats swatted at
  each other and tugged on her, each trying to get the better grip. The entire
  crowd was on their feet; yelling, clapping and cheering the two lionesses on.
  You could hear bones snapping as the cats tugged upon the prize. The Cats were
  swatting at each other over the body and one of the swatting paw slashed open
  the woman's belly. Somehow she was still screaming. Entrails spilled out onto
  the sand and flesh tore. It seemed to last forever but her backbone eventually
  snapped and the two startled lionesses tumbled backward, each with half a mangled
  corpse. I would have sworn you could still hear the echo of the woman's screams.
  The surprised lionesses regained their footing, each clutching half a bloody
  body in her jaws.  
I have been to many a circus since my father first took me as a boy in Rome,
  but I have rarely seen such an amazing kill. The audience loved it. They were
  still on their feet cheering; they would be talking about this one for weeks.
  The two lionesses picked up their respective meals and dragged them into the
  shade to feast. They sat on either side of the male lion, still growling at
  each other. He roared out a warning for them to stay away from his kill.  
The last lioness (who was the youngest of the pride) had a choice of two
  trembling morsels trapped within her reach. She paced back and forth as if
  unable to decide, but finally approached the plumper of the two women and gave
  her belly a tentative lick. The woman screamed, and the cat swatted the woman
  across her protruding breasts. A huge bloody gash opened and the woman shrieked
  in agony. The woman kicked out desperately with her feet, as the lioness approached
  again. The beast seemed unsure how to proceed, and so it came up behind the
  cross and clawed its way up the post with its front paws. The shrieking woman
  couldn't see what was happening, but she could feel the hot breath on her back.  
The lioness sank her teeth into the back of the woman's neck, killing her
  almost instantly. The beast shook her victim's body, and you could hear an
  audible pop as the shoulders dislocated. With a few more tugs she managed to
  pull the corpse off the post, and dragged it over into the shade where the
  rest of the pride was feeding.  
The crowd had quieted somewhat, and most had retaken their seats. They watched
  in stunned awe as the pride fed. The lions were contentedly stripping warm
  flesh and muscle from the bones, and their muzzles were painted crimson.  
It had been a breathtaking show. No one would call that this was a waste
  of women flesh. It had been more entertaining, by far, than the rape and crucifixion
  that had proceeded it. There was a pause in the entertainment as the lions
  fed. One doesn't rush a pride of lions through their meal. Vendors began circulating
  through the stands, offering food and drink to the crowd. The business was
  brisk and a few saw the irony of people slacking there hunger and thirst while
  the lions fed on fresh corpses. The pride had failed to kill all four of their
  intended victims, and that was a slight concern, but the circus would go on
  and some other method of execution would be improvised.  
Perhaps for those few brief moments, Leona was grateful for the relative
  safety of her cross, but the others were dead, and while their death may have
  been gruesome, it was relatively quick. She, on the other hand, would continue
  to suffer through the long day. She still hung by the nails, struggling upward
  to breath and slumping down to rest. The cornu waited patiently for her, digging
  furrows across her back when she slipped down, and pressing tantalizingly between
  her legs when she stood. She knew that once she took her final seat the horn
  would tear into her guts, spilling more blood down the cross and bringing her
  that much closer to the inescapable death that awaited her. She just wasn't
  ready for that yet.  
A group of eight men entered from the eastern gateway. Some where armed with
  spears, while the rest carried whips and nets, They worked as a close knit
  team, driving the lions back toward the southern gate and their pens. The lion
  pride moved with reluctance, dragging the mauled corpses with them. It was
  nearly time for the gladiator contests to begin.  
Once the lions had been driven into their pens, a very nervous elephant was
  used to drag the long narrow cage containing the tiger to the center of the
  arena. The inconvenient presence of the fourth female had to be dealt with.
  She was pulled down from her post with her arms were still bound behind her
  back. The woman's ankles were then crossed and bound. She knelt in the sand
  at the northern end of the tiger cage. The Governor had ruled that the women
  would face wild beasts, and if the lions wouldn't finish the job, the tiger
  was available and willing.  
This striped cat was barely smaller than the male lion, but much more agile.
  The tiger was never released to roam free in the arena, there was a good chance
  that it could make its way up into the stands and cause some havoc before it
  escaped. Even in the palace grounds it was tethered at all times. The creature
  wore a thick leather collar that was used to chain it. The animal paced in
  its cage. The cage was about fifteen feet long and five feet wide, but only
  four feet high. The spear carrying men tried to force the cat back against
  the southern wall of the cage, even as the cat snarled and swatted at the poking
  spears. An attendant armed with a slave catcher (an eight foot long pole that
  ended in a metal shaped U) finally was able to push the cat's neck up against
  the iron bars, and a stout rope was secured to the animals collar. With the
  beast tethered so she could only reach half way down the length of the cage,
  the northern wall was unlatched, and the fourth woman was unceremoniously tossed
  inside. The opening was secured again. She landed on her side, but tried to
  right herself and was soon kneeling again facing the snarling beast. The cage
  made viewing a little bit more difficult from the stands; but the tiger was
  known to play with its meals before killing them. The tethered tiger and the
  shaking woman stared at each other waiting. Her death would come when the first
  round of the gladiator contests ended.  
The male prisoners would be allowed to fight first. The winner would not
  be given a chance to use her, but he would be allowed to win the crowds favor
  by releasing the cat within the cage. If he fought well, and her death was
  sufficiently entertaining, he might survive the day to become a true gladiator.  
The men were armed with short swords and bucklers.
    The short gladius is a weapon designed for thrusting and stabbing. The buckler's
    are barely twice the size of a man's fist, made of wood sheathed with copper.
    Hard as a whore's heart and half the size, as the saying goes. When fighting
    the opponents faced each other left foot forward. When one of them lunged
    forward with the sword the other would try to knock the thrusting blade aside,
    He would then twist his body in the opposite direction and follow through
    with a sword thrust to his opponents back or belly depending on which direction
    he had twisted in. There were variations of course, A double feint with the
    thrust and you might be able to slash the leather strap off your foes buckler
    leaving him unguarded for the rest of the fight. An artful extension of the
    blade might convince your opponent to push forward only to find your buckler
    rising up from below to knock his blade high as you drove into his belly.
    There were hundreds of variations to this deadly duel. Professionals could
    make these fights an eloquent dance of peril and death. Amateurs tended to
    make a hapless and pathetic show of it, running about slashing wildly.   
The eighteen prisoners were brought before the Governor, and mumbled their
  way through the traditional Gladiators salute. They were then paired off and
  the battles began. Most were dismal displays of hacking and flaying about.
  Three of the men had some innate skill, and quickly disposed of their opponents.
  The others used both buckler and sword as blunt instruments to batter at each
  other with. Even buffoons can be entertaining at times. That was the case when
  one of the hacking blows severed a man's forearm. His adversary, having lost
  his sword, picked up the severed arm, still clutching a buckler, and used it
  to smash his adversary's head in.  
After an inordinately long time, nine men lay slain and the nine survivors
  stood with various injuries. Rather than continue the paired fighting, the
  officials decided to stage a brawl with no rules. The nine survivors were quickly
  whittled down. One of the three men with some fighting potential fell stabbed
  in the back. The six men who showed little skill died one by one, and we were
  left to watch two fighters facing each other among the scattered bodies of
  their fellow villagers. The larger of the two had sustained a wound on his
  right thigh, and was being slowly forced backward by the smaller and younger
  of the two fighters. The older one appeared to falter, his leg giving way as
  he stumbled down onto his left knee. The short fellow rushed in, overextending
  as he thrust his blade. The bigger man simply twisted to the left and popped
  up behind his opponent, slamming him face down into the sand. He pressed his
  gladius between the man's exposed shoulder blades and looked up to the Governor's
  box. The Governor's thumb pointed down. The sword plunged through the chest
  of the hapless loser.  
The victor limped forward to stand before the Governor. There would be no
  garlands for this man. He was a condemned criminal. This was however, his one
  chance to seek the clemency of a life as a fighting slave. The Governor rose
  and spoke to the winner. &quot; You have fought with courage and skill,&quot; The
  Governor stated. &quot;You have earned the honor of feeding my pet.&quot; He
  held out his hand, palm up, toward the caged tiger and the trembling woman
  who knelt bound just beyond its tethered reach.  
The victor nodded to the Governor and turned, limping out toward the cage
  in the center of the arena. He approached the southern end of the cage, his
  sword reached out tapping on the knot that held the tiger in check. The woman
  pleaded, choking back her terror. He circled to his left now, to the northern
  end of the cage where the woman knelt pressed up against the bars. Most thought
  he was going to torment her a bit before he released the beast. He said not
  a word. His sword slide between the bars and into the woman's belly. The crowd
  gasped in horror as blood welled from the wound and formed a puddle in the
  sand beneath her. She seemed to smile, but as she opened her mouth to speak
  to her killer/savior, blood welled up in the woman's throat and she slumped
  forward dead. Curses and screams of outrage poured out of the stands.  
It had been a noble gesture. One I would hope I was capable of if I ever
  found myself in such a circumstance. It was also a very foolish gesture, which
  had endeared him to no one in the stands. A pair of gladiators jumped forward,
  trying to salvage something from this disastrous turn of events. One hurried
  to the cage to slash the rope restraining the tiger, while the other warily
  approached the last armed villager. The tiger growled as it pounced, picking
  up the already dead woman by the neck and shaking her broken body. The startled
  villager looked toward the cage, and was almost skewered by the first attacking
  gladiator. He managed to block the blow and respond with a thrust of his own.
  He had forgotten the second gladiator, who had continued around the cage and
  was now behind him. The first gladiator smiled at him and thrust again. He
  stepped backward and was neatly impaled by the second gladiator. It seemed
  the two gladiators were a bit quick in dispatching the villager. Perhaps they
  felt a twinge of admiration for his last noble deed. The crowd cheered the
  death of the upstart. He had denied them the delight of watching the tiger
  toy with her prey before her bloody feast.  
The tiger shook the woman's dead body about, tossing it against the bars
  before she gutted it with her claws. She sank her muzzle into the still warm
  entrails, and began to greedily stuff herself. Blood splattered her finely
  marked fur, but it just wasn't the show the people had anticipated. While the
  tiger feasted, the bodies of the dead villagers were dragged from the arena
  floor.  
The real gladiators now marched into the arena. They stood in a loose formation,
  raised their swords, and loudly hailed the Governor. The cage containing the
  tiger and her prize was slowly pulled from center of the stadium and the first
  pair of gladiators took to the field.  
The first fight ended with a badly wounded gladiator on his back, the victor
  poised to strike at the Governor's command. Both had fought well and the Governor
  was inclined toward mercy, despite the crowd's blood lust. The wounded man
  was carried off to be treated and perhaps fight another day.  
In the second pairing, the victor slew his opponent outright and the crowd
  was thrilled. The victor retired to the pit, and his opponent's body was dragged
  away. The third match was well fought, and lasted quite a while. Eventually
  one of the gladiators managed to ensnare his foe from behind, blade pressed
  to his throat. Again the crowd roared for death, but the Governor was disinclined.
  Decent fighters were expensive to train and care for, so if they fought well
  they were often allowed to survive a close match. The next two matches were
  not close and the Governor acquiesced to the crowd's blood lust, allowing the
  vanquished to be slaughtered.  
High above these battles, Leona had continued her struggle mostly ignored
  by the excited throng. Her legs now trembled constantly, barely able to support
  her weight when she was forced to rise. It was during the break between rounds
  of the gladiator's contests that she surrendered to the inevitable and lowered
  herself onto the cornu. She screeched in acute pain as the metal tipped horn
  sliced into the soft flesh of her bowels. Fresh blood ran down inner thighs
  and dripped from her feet onto the painted cross. She might have hoped this
  would end her suffering quickly, but in fact she had a few more hours to endure
  before death's sweet release. The crowd was momentarily amused by her renewed
  struggles, but then the next round of fighting began.  
Pia Fidelis, who was the local favorite, was allowed to wait while the remaining
  four were paired and fought. One fight ended in a death, and the other in a
  display of official clemency. The two victors then fought for the right to
  challenge Pia Fidelis. That battle was hard fought, and lasted longer than
  any thus far. In the end the victorious gladiator managed to gut his opponent
  when his gladius slipped from his sweating grip.  
The winner was exhausted, Pia Fidelis was fresh and well rested. The fight
  for the laurel should have been very one sided, but the underdog had grim determination
  on his side, and Pia Fidelis was perhaps a bit overconfident. Not only did
  the fight last beyond anyone's expectation, it soon became apparent that Pia
  Fidelis was fighting for his life. In the end, the upstart, a native named
  Yoseph, not only defeated the great Victrix Pia Fidelis, he did so with a fatal
  thrust to the neck, eliminating any chance for the popular fighter to be spared.  
While gambling on the fights was never officially sanctioned, like the game
  of &quot;Caesar's choice,&quot; a lot of small fortunes exchanged hands. Few
  had seen the possibility of such an upset. Those that did profited handsomely.  
The body of Pia Fidelis was carried out, and Yoseph was presented the laurel
  by an unenthusiastic Governor. Then there was a pause as the stadium was prepared
  for the chariot races.  
The center axis of the oval track was dotted with evenly spaced postholes.
  A wooden barrier half the height of a man was erected. In the very center of
  the stadium directly across from the Governor's viewing stand, the post that
  the lion had snapped was replaced. Now the four posts would be put to their
  intended use, and form a corral for the race officials in the center of the
  track. The lap counter for the race usually went into the posthole that held
  Leona's cross. The lap counter normally flew a different colored pendent for
  each lap of the race. Ropes still hung from the imbedded iron rings on the
  crossbeam of Leona's cross. This allowed her cross to function as a convenient
  replacement for the official lap counter.  
There were five stables in the city that raced chariots. They were named
  for the colored livery of their teams. The Blue, Green, Yellow, White and Red
  stables all fielded very competitive teams, as did the Tenth Legion itself.
  Two and four horse chariots were raced. The racing chariots were nothing like
  a military chariot. They were little more than a frame, two wheels, and an
  axle. The charioteer literally balanced on the frame above the spinning axle.
  The charioteer had to be light to be competitive, but also had to have enough
  weight to balance the chariot as it tilted on the tracks corners. The Legion
  had yet to lose an official race, but the competing stables were determined
  that the day would soon come.  
The two horse chariots began the competition. The six teams competed by pairs
  in races to eliminate the losers. The three winning teams then drew lots to
  see who would be ceded a berth in the final race, and the other two would race
  for the honor of challenging them. The Red and Blue stables, as well as the
  Legion, won the first elimination round, and then the Legion defeated the Red
  team to challenge the Blue. Dust rose in a fine mist throughout the center
  of the stadium as the races proceeded. Leona high on her cross became a bit
  paler as the fine film of dust coated her sweating body. She was coughing and
  hacking as she struggled to breathe on her cross. The dust turned the trails
  of blood that trickled down the wood a dark muddy brown.  
The honor of the legion was not besmirched in the two horse chariot races,
  and very little money changed hands as few would bet against the Legions record.
  The sun was just reaching the lip of the western wall of the colosseum when
  the four horse chariot races began. At some point in the second elimination
  race, Leona stopped choking on the dust, though few noticed her death. This
  time the Blue and Yellow stables raced for the right to challenge the Legions
  champion. The Blue team won the honor, but of course lost the final race.  
A flourish of horns announced the pageantry of the final parade of champions.
  The ceremonial bestowing of garlands proceeded with pomp and splendor, and
  the Governor was roundly applauded for the excellent entertainment. Much of
  the crowd had begun to file out of the stadium and head back toward the city.
  I remained with the Governor's party. They continued to drink and feast until
  the stadium was almost empty. It was about two hours before darkness when they
  finally decided to return to the city.  
As we passed the execution site, it became obvious that Judith and the old
  man both were alive, and would still require a guard through the night. For
  some reason this disturbed the Governor. &quot; Finish this.&quot; He ordered,
  gesturing to me.  
I was happy to be done with the whole sordid affair. In an act of compassion,
  I had the men break both their legs. The old man expired in less than an hour.
  Because of Olivia's gift of the Ivory horn, Judith was able to linger on into
  the evening even with her legs broken.  
I took one of the men's pilum, hefted it, and sent it flying into her chest.
  The iron shaft lifted her off her cornu, pinning her body to the cross. The
  wooden handle snapped away as her body slid down. Blood oozed down the iron
  shaft, and she opened her mouth as if to thank me, but only blood and bubbles
  issued forth. With a shudder she was gone, the last of her village, and so
  we were able to retire. I had my men retrieve the ivory cornu and clean it.  
I returned that bit of ivory to the first Consort the next day. Olivia offered
  me a small purse of silver to reward my honesty, but I politely declined. She
  was surprised and looked me over with renewed interest. &quot; And you are?&quot; she
  inquired. &quot; Centurion Cassius Priscus of the First Century, Third Cohort.&quot; I
  replied. She nodded and I saluted. I turned to leave our business finished.
  When next we met, she would remember that she was in the presence of an honest
  and loyal ally, and I would know the same.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Lews


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





