BDSM Library - Banking the Rewards




Banking the Rewards
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: While his partner takes a bank manager to rob his bank a man is left with the mangers wife and daughter to do what he pleases. Using the daughter as bait he is able to force the wife to do whatever he wants. BANKING THE REWARDS   
Part One   
Dylan Spiers smiled as he cuffed the final ankle to the bed. He watched as
  the girl tested the tightness of her bonds. Her long blonde hair cascaded out
  around her head. The band that had once kept in place was now covering her
  eyes and she had another one stuffed in her mouth and secured by duct tape.
  He watched as her breasts heaved up and down from their exertion covered by
  the silky material of her blouse. He palced a hand on them and another between
  her legs. He guessed there was a whole mountain of pleasure waiting for him
  there. But he had other fish to fry. Why pump away at a young na&iuml;ve girl
  who is just lying there wishing you away when you can have an experienced older
  woman who will do exacty what you want. Of course the older woman didn't know
  it yet. She was secured to a chair in the living room, screaming beneath her
  pantie and duct tape gag, wondering what he was doing to her eighteen year
  old daughter.  
Dylan had been dubious when his friend, and shady business associate, Sanchez,
  had suggested a bank job. He became more interested when he found out it involved
  the kidnapping of the bank manager's wife and daughter and holding them in
  their house overnight. He became even more interested when he saw their pictures.
  The girl was a looker with long blonde hair, blue eyes and ample chest but
  it was her mother who really took the eye. The same hair eyes but her hair
  was cut into a short bob she looked much sexier. He could only imagine what
  her breasts looked like under the dress but they appeared to be huge. His job
  was to keep the women in their house all night while Shaun had the manager
  holed up in a location near the bank waiting for the right time to strike in
  the morning. There was lot you could do in a night. A share of the money and
  his sexual needs satiated at the same time. How could he refuse? He decided
  to don his mask for the next part. He did so and took the bandana from around
  the girls eyes. He saw the fear in them, patted her between the legs and smiled.  
Veronica Cope struggled frantically to free herself from the ropes that kept
  her secured to the chair but the man had done a good job. Her hands were crossed
  behind the back of the chair. Her wrists attached to each ones opposite elbow.
  This had the effect of pushing her large breasts out even further. Each leg
  was tied securely to each leg of the chair. He had stuffed some of her used
  panties from the washing basket into her mouth and secured them with tape.
  He had used a tea towel to blindfold her. She reflected on her situation.  
The night has started off as a good one. Her husband, George, was in a good
  mood and her daughter, Evie, had stayed in to have dinner with them for once.
  She had dressed to kill, she was determined to seduce her husband tonight.
  She had a sheer black blouse with her shortest skirt, a red leather mini. She
  had chosen George's favourite red underwear. There had been a crashing sound
  outside and George had gone to investigate. He reappeared seconds later with
  a masked man who had his arms around his neck. Another one appeared through
  the back door. He was waving a gun and ordered her and Evie to sit in the tall
  chairs. He tied them then pawing and groping as he did so. The other man handcuffed
  her husband and pushed him out of the house, taking him off somewhere. She
  heard him tell him if he behaved she and Evie would remain unharmed. She feared
  for him, but she feared for her daughter more. The man had taken her upstairs
  and she worried what he might be doing to her. He had rubbed their breasts
  and between their legs over their clothes as he had tied them so she had no
  doubt what was going through his mind. She sensed the man on the stairs. He
  appeared to read her thoughts.  
"Evie remains unmolested" he grinned "for the time being at least".  
He approached her chair and began to untie her. He carried on speaking as
  he did so. He took off her blindfold. He was still masked.  
"Whether she remains so rather depends on you." As he said this he stopped
  to cup her breast over her shirt. He pinched her nipple and made her gasp.
  He removed the gag but she decided it may be more prudent to stay silent. She
  watched with fear as the man stepped out of his clothes. Her eyes were drawn
  to his erection. He approached her and took her now unbound hand and placed
  it on the stiff member. She didn't move it. She just let it lie on the stiff
  member. The man took her fingers and entwined them around it making her grip
  it.  
"As you can see I'm a little excited." He moved her hand slowly up and down
  his knob. "It's tying up that beautiful thing up there that's done it. It would
  be great to see her tits and xuck on those delicious nipples" Veronica went
  cold. He took her hand away and pushed her in front of him, motioning for her
  to climb the stairs. As she got to Evie's room he pushed the door open. She
  could see her daughter cuffed spreadeagled to her bed. Her blindfold had been
  removed but she was still gagged. The girl cried into her gag when she saw
  her mother and started to thrash around.  
"See" said the man "Totally unmolested" he stepped toward the girl and groped
  her breast over her clothes as he had with Veronica. "Well more or less". He
  laughed and the laugh chilled Veronica as much as her daughter's muffled squeals
  when he touched her. The man led veronica out of the room and towards her own.
  Then came the suggestion she had been waiting for.  
"Of course it's much better to have a willing participant. What do you say?
  Is little evie worth giving up your body for?"  
Veronica found her mouth was too dry to answer so she just nodded. The man
  pushed open the door to her bedroom and sat on the king sized bed. His naked
  dick was still erect and he dangled the keys to her front door in his hand. "Don't
  try anything stupid" She shook her head. She had no intention of doing anything
  stupid with her husband and daughter at risk. The man opened his mouth. Although
  she expected the command it still made her cold when she heard it.  
"Strip for me!"  
*************************************************************  
Evie struggled on her bed but there was no give in the cuffs. She knew what
  the man intended for her mother and she had wanted to tell her not to do it,
  to offer herself to him to spare her mother. Her mouth was full of bandanna
  however and she couldn't. She thought of his hands on her tits and groaned
  at the way the nipples had gone hard despite herself. Betwewen her legs was
  a little wet where he had touched her. She thought about Rob, her latest boyfriend.
  He had been suggesting bondage games claiming she was a natural. What was happening
  now made her fear he might be right. She stopped struggling realising all she
  was doing was wearing herself out. All she could do was lie and wait and imagine
  what the fiend was doing to her mum.  
 Dylan smiled and stroked himself as he watched the woman. He wished he could
  remove the mask but seeing her frightened eyes was part of the fun. It made
  him feel all that more empowered. He would remove it later while he had unspeakable
  fun with her while she was blindfolded. He looked in her eyes now as she slowly
  undid the buttons of her sheer black blouse revealing a low cut red bra which
  barely restrained her huge breasts. She was trying her best to hide it, but
  he could see the fear and trepidation, It made him feel even better. He looked
  back at her body as she pulled down the red leather mini revealing sheer black
  hold up stockings. She took off her shoes to let the skirt fall down past her
  feet revealing matching high cut panties. Dylan thought his dick would burst.
  She stopped and stared at him as if waiting for him to command her to take
  the rest off but he just looked at her. He knew the command was unecessary.
  She would do whatever was needed to save her daughter. After a minute or so
  he knew he was right. She slid down the stocking on her left leg and did the
  same with the right. He loved the feel of stockings. He may find a use for
  them later. Then she moved her hands behind her back and undid the clasp of
  her bra. She pulled the straps away from her shoulders and the frightened look
  was back in her eyes. Dylan gasped as the magnificent breasts were revealed.
  He thought they were probably the biggest he had ever seen. Better still, the
  dark brown nipples were rigid with fear and anticipation. He licked in lips
  as he antcipated what they would taste like. They swung as she stooped to remove
  her panties. He imagined having his head under them and biting on them. His
  imagines were all the better because he knew that before the night was out
  he would do it for real. As she put her fingers in the waistband of the panties,
  Dylan told her to stop. He had decided he would leave her a vestige of hope.
  Besides it was a great turn on to tear off a woman's panties. Thongs, G-strings,
  big panties, small panties he had ripped them all in his time and there was
  always a thrill. He looked at her. She definitley looked better as she was
  now. Naked apart from a pair of red briefs. Her magnificent breasts stood there
  just waiting for his attention and boy was he going to pay them attention.
  She stood and waited for him to tell her what to do next. He said nothing,
  he just raised an eyebrow. He wanted to see what she would do. He was always
  interested to see what tricks they knew for themselves before he took over.
  There was plenty of time later to make her do all the things he wanted.  
************************************************************* Veronica was
  surprised. She had expected him to tell her what to do but he just sat there
  staring. It was as if he was waiting for her to take the lead. This was worse.
  It made her feel like a willing participant in her own violation. She thought
  of what she had planned for George and decided to do some of those things hoping
  she could block out this monster's face. She tried to close her eyes as she
  approached him but he commanded her to open them, threatening to slap her tits
  if she didn't do as he requested. She hesitated for a moment as she smelt the
  stale body odour emitting from him. Then she thought of her beloved Evie handcuffed
  spreadeagled to her bed, ripe for violation. She pushed him down on the bed
  to a lying position and straggled his legs, Purposely she left her breasts
  swinging in his face. He opened his mouth to suck and lick them as she knew
  he would. Her breasts were her best asset and she would try to use them to
  help him to a climax without him entering her. He had let her keep her panties
  on so there was some small hope. Perhaps if she could make him come it would
  satisfy him and he would leave her and her daughter alone for the rest of the
  night. As he sucked and bit her breasts she cursed them for being so sensitive
  as she was actually feeling a stirring between her legs. She tried to put it
  out of her head and concentrated on her abductor.She moved her fingers down
  his body, toying with his nipples and then gently rubbing them round his crotch
  area. She stroked his penis gently. It was larger than Georges and that made
  it more difficult to contemplate what she was about to do. She held the prick
  in her hands and guided it into her mouth, fighting the impulse to close her
  eyes as she did so. She didn't like oral sex but her husband had always said
  she was good at it so it may satisfy him. She didn't like to swallow the sperm
  but she do that now if it stopped him violating her pussy. The man groaned
  as she licked his balls and sucked his dick as far into her mouth as she could.
  She cupped his balls into her hand and raubbed them. She felt the organ swell
  and felt rleief as well as revulsion, but just as he was about to come he grabbed
  her hair and pulled her off him. He stood her up and pushed her against the
  wall. In a simultaneous action he forced his tongue deep into her mouth and
  tore her off the red satin panties. Without any preliminaries his fingers thrust
  inside her. Because of the sensation his licking her breasts had caused she
  no longer dry and it was easy for him. She knew now for certain what she had
  always really known there was no way he was ever not going to fuck her. He
  turned her around and threw her on the bed, pawing her breasts and further
  violating her mouth with his tongue as he climbed on top of her. As she felt
  his large stiff member enter her she wanted to scream and push him out but
  knew she daren't. Better it betweend her legs than Evies. Instead she wrapped
  her legs around his back and ran her nails lightly down it. She pushed him
  further in rocking to and fro in time with him. She felt a sensation in her
  body and was shocked and revulsed as she had an orgasm. His orgasm followed
  shortly after and he pulled out of her. She hoped that was it. That she would
  be allowed to crawl into her bed and sleep. That she would wake up, the bank
  would be robbed, George and Evie would be safe and they could get on with their
  life. The look in his eyes told her that was not going to happen.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sylvian


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





