BDSM Library - Underworld of the Chevaan




Underworld of the Chevaan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Following the events of Warrior of the Chevaan; Satyra, the half-satyr priestess of the Chevaan makes a deal with the dark powers in order to set free her warrior lover Conine.  The conditions - she must submit to terrible suffering in the dark Underworld as the demons try to break her spirit and win her to their cause.Satyra  
Underworld of the Chevaan  
Chapter 1  
Devil's Bargain  
Raising her head Satyra shook her head to clear it and flexed her fingers
  behind the wooden stocks. For the past two days she had tried to use her magic
  to free herself, without success. Now she tired again, focusing all her strength,
  her knowledge, her will, channeling them as she pinpointed her desire to sunder
  the metal bands holding her.  
Nothing happened.  
Satyra slumped back against the frame in defeat, but almost immediately she
  sensed a tingle in the air, a rising supernatural buzz that played over her
  skin like the flutter of a summer breeze. She lifted her head again, but she
  had no need to try to probe with her mystical senses &ndash; the source of
  the feeling was quickly obvious.  
Without preamble a flickering blue flame sprang to life on the wooden floor
  before the trapped priestess. It burned only a few feet high, but quickly rose
  higher and higher until its ragged crest licked against the roof of the wagon.
  Satyra felt no heat form the gushing pillar of fire, and felt instinctively
  that the manifestation would not attract the notice of the guards outside as
  a common fire would have. This apparition was meant to be seen by Satyra alone.  
With a sudden flurry the flame seemed to explode outwards, washing over the
  shackled woman without burning her, and from the middle of the cold fires,
  a figure emerged.  
At first it seemed to a woman, but even the most cursory of inspections revealed
  it was a woman such as no mortal of the Roman Company escorting Satyra had
  ever seen.  
Her hair was jet black, so black it almost seemed like a void gathered about
  her head, and fell in a long straight flow over her shoulders and halfway down
  her back, while the fringe was straight cut, as straight and sharp as a razor.
  Framed by that raven hair was a face of exotic beauty, with high prominent
  cheekbones, a long straight nose, full sensuous lips and large, hypnotic eyes.
  The lips, though, were black instead of red, and the eyes that settled on the
  captive woman were faintly glowing, lynx-like yellow. There was a mark of cruelty
  in those eyes that struck Satyra at once. On either side of her forehead parting
  the raven hair sprang two horns; but where Satyra's were ones of curling ivory
  hue and shaped like those of a ram, these were formed by two straight lines
  rising up at about 45 degrees for half a foot, before angling sharply back
  again for a slightly shorter length. They ended in two wicked points facing
  each other.  
She was tall, fully as tall as the 5'10 priestess, with long tapering legs
  and slender body, Where the Chevaan's skin was a rich golden hue, the newcomers
  was crimson red that contrasted sharply with the barbaric golden jewelry adorning
  her arms, wrists, and slender ankles. She was naked from the waist up, her
  smooth belly bare to the world and her pert, full breasts open to all viewers,
  their blue peaks tipped with tight, hard nubbins that were so dark they were
  almost black. One of the nipples was pierced by a golden ring. Below the waist
  she was clad only in two shimmering purple silk clothes that were strung from
  a golden chain about her waist and fell down between her legs at the front
  and back, revealing a plentiful expanse of her smooth thighs and the dimples
  of her tightly molded derriere at the rear. The purple was not quite translucent,
  but it hinted at the beings intimate regions nestled betwixt those lovely legs.  
The face below those midnight tresses regarded Satyra with a cold mirth.
  As the flames died away the newcomer padded over to the helplessly bound priestess,
  the exaggerated sway of her hip conveying a mocking tone to her demeanor.  
"Well, they have got you in an interesting position," said the red woman,
  and her voice was deep and rich. She approached until she stood a few feet
  in front of Satyra, hands on her hips. The priestess's limbs were trembling
  continuously with the strain of having to take almost her full weight on her
  shoulders and the quadriceps in her legs. Her position forced her body to bend
  at the waist as her shoulders and knees were pulled behind her, and the effect
  was two fold. First, her large breasts were presented magnificently, thrust
  forward proudly I front of her. Second, her legs were spread wide enough to
  make her crotch a hard flat space below her belly, the lips under their adornment
  of ginger fluff hanging free in space over the floor. Her whole figure was
  covered in a soft film of sweat from the exertion. "I imagine that must be
  quite uncomfortable."  
Satyra looked up into those yellow eyes, blanching slightly at the malevolence
  she saw in them. 'Whoever you are,' the priestess whispered, 'help me before
  the guards find us together.'  
The red woman laughed, her head thrown back and her breasts quivering as
  she chuckled. 'Have no fear of that, my pretty one,' she said. No Roman will
  interrupt our conversation unless I will it so. As to my name?' She paused
  and smiled more widely as those golden eyes glittered. 'You may call me Sadiste.'  
Satyra grimaced at the woman's humorless laughter; something about it felt
  like being leered at by the soldiers outside. Her manor became less desperate
  and more guarded. 'You're no Roman,' the priestess asserted. 'What are you
  doing here?'  
Sadiste wandered over to the shackled woman, reaching out to run a hand over
  Satrya's painfully stretched arm. 'I'm here to see you, of course,' the red-skinned
  newcomer said, still smiling. 'After all, this entire episode has been largely
  due to interest in you.'  
'What do you mean?' asked Satyra, but a cold realization was already forming
  in her mind.  
'There are those I serve who are very interested in you, and your abilities,'
  Sadiste explained. Her long nailed fingers twined in the satyr-woman's copper
  hair. 'Our influence among the Roman's made it easy to prompt them to move
  against your tribes-people, and from there it was only a matter of time before
  you found your pretty self in such a&hellip;bind, shall we say?' Sadiste smiled
  again, looking the prisoner's naked torso up and down. Her eyes glowed ore
  brightly. 'I must confess, the last minute rescue in the forest by that black-haired
  trollip was unexpected, but I believe I improvised brilliantly &ndash; especially
  the bit where my magicks hid the approach of those Roman clods while you and
  Conine where having your little tryst in the lake.'  
'You heartless bitch!' Satyra spat angrily, shaking her head to free her
  hair from her visitor's grasp. 'Everything that happened to our sisters, to
  Conine; it was all you!'  
'Well, yes,' Sadiste answered with a shrug. Her hand whipped back, this time
  grasping Satyra's jaw and forcing her head up so she looked into those glowing
  yellow eyes. 'I have to confess, watching your black haired lover scream on
  the end of Gracus' prick was an unexpected bonus. I suppose I could have appeared
  much sooner, but she looked so pretty being raped. And there was no chance
  of you using your poor powers to help her &ndash; another little spell of mine
  saw to that.'  
'Slut!' Satyra spat angrily.  
'She moaned like one certainly, Sadiste chuckled, playing on the priestess'
  words. 'And now, my little one, we bring ourselves to your own fate.'  
'You can't frighten me,' Satyra answered, staring back defiantly.  
'You, don't think so? You may think that gang-fucking in the forest when
  you were captured was bad, but I assure you once you get to Rome they'll have
  your shrieking like a stuck pig for hours on end. They have tortures and degradations
  that even our folk find impressive.'  
'And who are your people?' Satyra asked.  
Sadiste leaned in closer. 'The dark powers have many servants. I work for
  one of them &ndash; a particularly voracious Demon Lord who prefers that your
  sisters' example of feminine dignity remains trampled beneath the boots of
  men sympathetic to his&hellip;appetites.' Sadiste moved so close her breath
  tickled the Chevaan's cheek. 'And he's very interested in making your personal
  acquaintance, my dear.'  
Satyra struggled to control her anger as her tormentor's hand held her head
  back while she nuzzled against the red-haired woman's neck. 'Why me,' she asked
  in a choked voice.  
'You power are unique,' Sadiste answered, stepping forward so her body pressed
  up against the prisoner's in the stocks. 'You heritage makes you a channel
  for the powers of the whore-goddess your sisters revere.' The demoness free
  hand reached up to cup Satyra's full breast, squeezing gently. The prisoner
  shuddered but could do nothing to prevent the touch. 'Your joining our ranks
  will greatly diminish her influence her among the mortals, and increase our
  own.'  
'I'll never join you,' Satyra vowed icily.  
Sadiste's grip on the captive's tit increased just enough to become painful,
  making Satyra wince. She kissed the red-head's smooth neck. 'We can be very
  persuasive,' she whispered.  
Satyra fought to overcome her rage and think clearly as Sadiste continued
  to explore with her hands. They were hot on the prisoner's soft skin as they
  brushed over the peak of her breast and slid down her stomach in a mockery
  of tenderness. 'I know enough of your foul kind to know that you cannot take
  me from this place without my consent,' she said.  
Sadiste chuckled as she moved her hand around to grasp Satyra's tight rump.
  She pulled back a little to again meet the satyr-woman's gaze. 'It would be
  fun to find out just how long that defiance lasts in the face of what Gracus
  has planned for this body,' she mused, 'but time presses, and my Lord is not
  well-known for his patience. Perhaps an alternative form of persuasion would
  be expedient.'  
Moving around behind the bound girl while keeping one long red leg twined
  high about Satyra's waist, the demon-woman waved her hand in the air before
  the prisoner. Blue flame again rose from the wagon floor, but this time instead
  of a new arrival, an image took shape.  
'Conine,' Satyra gasped, seeing her lover amidst the flames.  
*****  
 Conine blinked and opened her eyes.
      She heard steps approaching from the side of the table. They were slow,
      measured step and somehow filled her with a sense of growing dread as they
      came closer.    
A soldier appeared in the circle of light
      around the rack. He was dressed in tunic bottom and helm and carried a
      heavy iron ladle, so large he had to carry it with both hands, the bowl
      of which was filled with something that bubbled and steamed. As the Chevaan
      watched the man, he came to stand level with her up-thrust breasts, smiling
      like a fiend as he kept his eyes riveted to those two glistening orbs.    
Conine's breath quickened again as she
      stared up from the wooden torture table at the ladle and its hidden contents.
      The heat emanating form the lower edge of the container could be felt clearly
      on her skin even though the metal was poised a good twelve inches above
      her. She struggled again against the pull of the chains holding her spread-eagled
      and was surprised to find the tension had eased slightly, though the ache
      of her brutally wrenched muscles and ligaments continued to torment her.
      Before she could wonder at this seeming mercy, however, a drop of the liquid
      contents of the ladle was spat over the side and landed on her right arm.    
The pain was startling, a sudden burning
      shock that cut through the constant suffering of her joints like a knife.
      The ladle was filled to the brim with some kind of thin oil heated to boiling.
      The full horror of what was about to happen flooded through the proud beauty,
      her flashing blue eyes rimmed all round with white as the soldier tipped
      the ladle gently to one side and began to pour.    
For a split second the yellowish liquid
      was suspended in the space between the metal holder and the soft curve
      of her bosom. Then the spatter of boiling oil splashed against the upward
      slope of her breast like lava.    
'NNNNHHHHHhhhh!!!' A voice that had never
      given such an utterance on the rack now choked out a strangled cry of agony
      as the liquid bequeathed a searing kiss to her tender mammary. Compared
      to the heat of the oil the whipping had been a sweet caress. Conine's large
      eyes were no more than a scrunched line as her long lashes mashed tight,
      and her body shuddered awfully as the pain washed over her.    
With terrible precision the man with
      the ladle moved the instrument carefully. The rain of scalding liquid shifted
      its target, cascading down directly onto the tit-globe's erect red nubbin.    
'EEEEUUUUuuuuuNNNN&hellip;NNNN&hellip;.NNNNRRRRRRRR!!!!!'
      The pain was unbelievable, as if the Roman fiends had planted a red-hot
      poker against her flesh. Conine's entire body spasmed mightily, lifting
      clear of the table in an upward curving arch of gorgeous femininity. Her
      mind was ablaze with the terrible agony of her scorched nipple as the oil
      continued to sizzle against the sensitive nerves clustered in her swelling
      chest mound.    
From his chair Gracus leaned forward
      to enjoy every detail of the display with glee. The easing of the tension
      on the table's chains allowed the prisoner to writhe exquisitely, and this
      Chevaan slut was putting on a magnificent show. The tortured athletic frame
      on the rack heaved and shook so that the entire exquisite composition of
      lean muscles, shining smooth skin, long tapering legs, flat midriff and
      blessedly large firm tits performed a cock-stiffening dance macabre, accompanied
      by the strangled cries bubbling between those as-yet still clenched teeth.
      As the man with the ladle continued to move his tool the burning liquid
      showered down over the sensitive underside of that rigidly defined love-orb,
      causing the victim to crash back down onto the wooden table again as she
      thrashed and heaved, straining with muscles already wrenched with pain
      and multiplying her suffering threefold.    
The rain of scalding liquid shifted,
      and the oil splashed now over the lower quarter of the prisoners trembling
      bosom. Fresh half-choked cries of anguish echoed through the torture chamber
      as the heat washed over the sensitive underside of the tit. Gracus knew
      that a woman's breast flesh was often far more tender here, used as it
      was to being covered far more than the upper part of the mammary. His insight
      was rewarded by the Chevaan warrior twisting wonderfully in her restraints;
      lips pulled back form white teeth in a rictus of pain that only enhanced
      the beauty of her features in the general's eyes.    
On the rack Conine continued to struggle
      hopelessly against her bondage while the terrible searing deluge snaked
      down over her boob and continued lower, washing her sternum and the flat
      plain of her abs with its fiery touch. Tears welled freely in her eyes,
      which were closed tight against the horrible pain. She gasped and tried
      to catch her breath but the torture was constant, the pain in her scorched
      tit-flesh as fresh and clear as the moment the oil had first found her
      budding nipple. As the ladle progressed further down her form her body
      became a canvas of torture on which the Romans painted a portrait of epic
      cruelty.    
By the time the burning sludge pooled
      in the cavity of her navel she could no loner think clearly through the
      red haze stabbing through her mind, but understood instinctively the final
      destination of the molten flame. She managed to lift her head as her belly
      was added to the list of tormented flesh, willing herself to stare down
      as the ladle dipped and swayed and scattered burning drops amid the sweat
      shiny thatch adorning her pubis.    
It was a moment of exquisite cruelty
      for Gracus, the proud warrior staring wide-eyed but still defiant at the
      ladle of hot liquid poised majestically over her most intimate region,
      the parted red lips offering no protection to the vulnerable quim meat
      within. For an instant she waited with her breasts quivering with the fight
      to control her breathing, to hold onto some shred of dignity in the face
      of her conquerors.    
The ladle dipped again.    
The oil fell through space.    
Conine's clenched fist drew beads of
      blood form her palm.    
The first drops of the fiery liquid spattered
      against her inner lips and trickled down into her cunt.    
At that flaming touch on her womanhood,
      Conine lost the battle against the pain washing over her. Her mouth opened
      wide, her head arched back; her diaphragm flattened as the agony ripped
      free form her in a single, tearing sound.    
'EEEEAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!!
      '    
The watching soldiers were witness to a site such as they had never
      seen, the exquisite creature on the rack transformed into a goddess of
      suffering. Her lank back hair was cast back and her red lips stretched
      wide as the scream and its brethren erupted from her. Her body thrashed
      so violently it seemed even that muscular body must tear itself apart in
      the fury of her convulsions. She heaved, trembled, fell back, rose again,
      all the time screaming, choking, shrieking.   
*****  
'Stop this,' Satyra groaned. 'She's done nothing to harm you.'  
'Nor I to her,' Sadiste purred. 'These images are of the past, things that
  have already occurred. Shall we see more?'  
Amidst the flames, the image swirled and changed.  
*****  
One of the men came over carrying the
      bucket of nails and the large, well used wooden mallet. Conine struggled
      afresh and men strained to hold her in place. When he was standing over
      her, the men holding her arms moved suddenly, hauling Conine off her back
      just enough for another soldier to shove the wooden beam she had been lashed
      to back under her. Then the men slammed the Celtic woman back down hard,
      jarring her shoulder blades against the timber as they planted her arms
      along the length of the beam on either side. The men holding her legs grunted
      as she tried to use those long limbs to get leverage to push up with.    
'Right,' said the centurion. 'There are
      only six of us, and it seems our guest is feeling uppity again.' He rubbed
      his chin. 'Hmmm.'    
'We could rape her a bit, sir,' one of
      the men holding her arms offered. Conine stared heavenward and closed her
      eyes. 'That might take some of the fight out of her.'    
'Good idea, Rufio; but we don't want
      her worn out when the real fun starts. I've another suggestion.'    
'You, boy,' the centurion barked at the
      man holding the bucket and mallet. 'What's your name?'    
'Quintus, sir,' said the young soldier,
      coming to attention fro his open mouthed appraisal of the woman on the
      ground. He was younger than any other in the detail, about twenty years
      old with a fresh, unscarred face with high cheekbones and a strong chin.
      Stripped to the waist his body was well muscled but leaner than the bulkier
      frames of his fellows. His hair beneath his helm showed curly black and
      his eyes were deep brown.    
'Ever seen a woman like this up close,
      Quintus?' asked the centurion.    
'Only in the pens in the keep, sir,'
      answered the boy. 'My family could not afford slaves back outside Capernaum &ndash; that's
      one reason I joined the legions, sir, to see the world outside Italy.'    
'Well, you'll see some interesting parts
      of it today,' guffawed the centurion. 'Now see here, lad &ndash; we need
      to keep this murderess of Roman men pinned while we get her spiked down.
      Reckon you're up to it alone?'    
'Alone?' said the youth. 'I'm not the
      strongest here, sir&hellip;but if you order it, of course.'    
'Good lad!' said the older man, slapping his back. 'Put those down
      and kneel down over the prisoner, legs astride her hips.'   
From below Conine looked up at the young
      troopers face staring down at her with a young man's frank lust, a sight
      she had seen many a time in the villages as she walked past in her armor
      but never before had experienced as a helpless victim. In her twenty six
      years she had often had to gently rebuke the young men of her kin for their
      unintended insult to her warrior pride, though some she had actually warmed
      to later and condescended to take into her bed, instructing them in the
      art of love and in return enjoying their youthful passion and fire. The
      helmeted stripling straddling her could have been any of those with his
      handsome looks, but instead of her deciding on his sexual fate she was
      the method of his education; not in love, but in rape and torture. She
      struggled afresh, trying to lever him off, but in vain, and the men chuckled
      anew. This was another aspect of her humiliation, she understood &ndash; she
      was to be used like a broken mare to give experience to this dry mouthed
      young Roman, his first taste in sexually violating a free woman. Conine
      could see the eagerness mixed with nervousness in his brown eyes and knew
      the soldier sitting on her would blanch form no order the centurion gave.
      He saw her with a little humanity as he would a deer in trap &ndash; a
      trophy to be had.    
The centurion had Quintus take hold of
      Conine's arms just above the elbows, using the weight and strength of his
      upper body to keep her forced down against the wood, while still hovering
      outside her essence. The men on her arms eased their grips a little, and
      straight away the young man atop the prisoner had to exert more force to
      old her down.    
'That's it Quintus, one called,' as his
      hands grasped the iron like swell of her biceps. Her back arched up a little
      to try and throw him off as both prisoner and soldier began to seat with
      their efforts.    
'Now, young Quintus,' called the centurion
      hoarsely. 'Start to push into her.'    
Quintus sough to obey with an awkward
      job that skewed off Conine's tight clenched entry. He cursed and repositioned
      himself, trying again.    
On the ground Conine fought with increasing
      desperation to keep the young man outside of her body. With each attempt
      she could feel him pushing a little deeper and she closed her eyes as she
      concentrated on fighting with all her strength. The youth looming over
      her sickened her with his vulgar excitement, his handsome face and body
      yet another mockery of her as he proceeded to violate her, to use her against
      her will.   
Conine glanced to her left and saw the
      man there had let go her forearm to position one of the steel spikes just
      at her wrist, the other hand raising the mallet into position. His knee
      had moved to help pin her arm at the elbow beside Quintus grasping fingers,
      now deeply embedded in her flesh despite the hardened muscle beneath. She
      could se him raising the mallet; fee the steel tip against her skin at
      the gap in the arm greave. With a sweep the mallet arced over the man's
      head and came down with a dull thud against the head of the spike.    
Instantly the metal pierced the soft
      flesh, rupturing the skin in a small shower of crimson blood and pushing
      though to the far side of the arm limb, where it was stopped by the wood
      of the beam. Small bones splintered as it force its passage and stopped
      with a shock.    
'NNNNNeeeaaaaarrrrrrhhhhh!' grunted Conine,
      a sound of pain beyond any she had uttered on the battle field. Her young
      body spasmed and she reared against the wood, fighting for freedom from
      the pain and finding none. Quintus gasped again as the force of her writhing
      pushed her against him, burying herself deeper on his own spike as she
      sought to twist free of the other.    
'Great Jupiter!' exclaimed the lad, and
      the centurion laughed. He had never felt a woman's pussy wrapped about
      him with the same fire as that of the Celtic prisoner, and he could feel
      her breasts mashed against him as she struggled. He watched Polonius swing
      again and smiled.    
THWAK!    
'AAAAAARRRRRRHHH!' came Conine's scream,
      a loud, bestial explosion. The metal had pierced her wrist entire now and
      was pushing into the wood. The pain was beyond description &ndash; her
      whole body seemed to be drawn into the acid fire in her forearm, where
      her body was being mutilated by her captors. She thrashed about, the men
      having to wrestle with her strength now doubled by the extremity of her
      pain. Tears flowed freely. She fought for breath.    
*****   
Watching her beloved's torture and violation, Satyra shook with racking sobs.
  'You fucking monster,' she cursed at the smiling demoness.  
'Such language,' Sadiste said with a laugh, amber eyes shining. 'And you
  a priestess. Perhaps you'll be more grateful if we see what your brave defender
  is 'up to' now.'  
Again the image shifted.  
*****  
The moon crested the sky in a silver
      haze. It painted its white glow on the tops of the mountains lying in the
      middle distance. It fired the tops of the clouds drifting across the horizon.
      The soldiers standing duty outside the border keep on the frontiers of
      the empire looked up at its heatless light and drew their cloaks against
      the night chill.    
For the prisoner hanging on the cross,
      the moon signaled the beginning of another night of pain.    
A day on the wooden frame had taken its
      toll on the tall warrior woman. After the humiliation of the soldiers rape
      of her they had dragged to the A frame, hoisting her up while the men had
      used their hammers to drive more nails through the tops of her booted feet,
      laughing as she tried to choke back her screams as the metal spikes punched
      through bones and flesh and pinned her to the hard wood crossbar. The men
      had cheered at the spectacle of that athletic body heaving as the nails
      ripped her flesh. But that had only been the beginning of the warrior woman's
      ordeal.    
For Conine the passing of time was measured
      only by the repeated need to pull down on the bar, draw breath, let the
      bar rise. Over and over, and endless, terrible cycle. Sweat had formed
      on her body as she fought the terrible lingering execution of the cross.    
After an hour her whole magnificent form
      had been covered with a sheen of sweat that highlighted every smooth surfaces
      and rounded curve. Every few minutes the Roman's were treated to the spectacle
      of watching the barbarian female flexing her well molded limbs, her face
      showing the signs of ever mounting agony as she hauled down on the bar.
      As her biceps swelled and the muscles of her shoulders stood out like cables
      beneath her bronzed skin her magnificent chest would swell, the majestic
      peaks of flesh expanding outwards as she sucked air into her lungs, wobbling
      gently as she gasped for air.    
The latter half of the day had passed
      as a lingering nightmare for the warrior woman. Pain was her constant companion,
      mixed with humiliation and festering, impotent rage. Her body hurt more
      than any time in her life, more even than on the rack, and her thirst had
      become maddening. Flies had buzzed around her head, landing on her to feed
      off the salt in her sweat and sometimes the blood of the wounds on her
      arms. Her brain pounded unceasingly inside her skull.    
By the time the sun had begun to set
      in a red and orange crescendo behind the western horizon the female on
      the cross was half dead, her body performing the actions that allowed her
      to continue breathing as mechanical repetition, barely enough to keep her
      alive. Any other woman in her position would have become exhausted and
      suffocated hours ago, but Conine was cursed now with the stamina and willfulness
      of her warrior heritage. She would not surrender to her inevitable fate
      before her body had failed her.    
Now it was night. Pummeling heat had
      been replaced by a slight chill. The wind blew across the hilltop and ruffled
      Conine's now matted hair.   
 'Oh please,' Satyra sobbed, straining towards the flickering image of her
  lover's suffering. 'Pease let me help her.'  
Sadiste smiled like a cat stalking its prey. 'But of course, my dear. There's
  no need for your darling to suffer further.' Her eyes narrowed. 'Just submit
  to our service and she will be instantly free.'  
Satyra's voice caught in her throat. 'I&hellip;I can't do that. Anything
  else, name it an I'll&hellip;'  
'There is nothing else of yours we want,' Sadiste cut her off. 'But don't
  worry, you'll have another few days to change your mind, while your lover bleeds
  and is fucked by the Romans.' She smiled again, hideous mirth in her words.  
Satyra wavered, her lovely face a mask of anguish. Tears welled in her emerald
  eyes, but she turned away. 'I won't,' she whispered. 'Conine, forgive me, my
  love.'  
Sadiste placed her hands on her hips and rolled her eyes skyward. Priests!
  She thought, disgustedly.  
'Alright, my sweet one' she said at last. Reaching around she cupped Satyra's
  chin in her hand so she could raise her head to see her face framed by its
  two curling horns. 'I'll make a bargain with you.' Satyra stared up at the
  demoness through her tears. 'I'll give you the chance to save your lovely partner,
  but in return, you must give me the chance to change your mind about joining
  us.'  
'What do you mean?' the Chevaan woman asked, hope struggling with suspicion
  in her mind.  
'Just this, brave Satyra; I will enable you to speak with dear Conine and
  help her to free herself &ndash; not to free her, mind you, but to give her
  strength enough to aid her in her own attempt.' Sadiste smiled and leaned so
  close her back horns brushed Satyra's red hair. 'In gratitude,' she said with
  a purring voice, 'you will consent to be my Lord's guest in the Underworld.
  If you can endure a number of&hellip;trials, without agreeing to serve him,
  you will be released.'  
Satyra once again felt a cold dread settle around her heart. 'What sort of
  trials?'  
'Oh, very painful ones, you may be sure,' Sadiste promised. One long nailed
  red hand came up and stroked the prisoner's cheek. 'We specialize in torture
  in the Underworld, and I'm sure I can think up some very imaginative ones for
  such a brave beauty. My brothers in hell would welcome the chance to play with
  this body.' She stared lasciviously at Satyra's narrow waist, athletic arms
  and legs, and her flat stomach below the round full breasts with their pink
  nipples. The horned red-head blanched. 'Come now,' Sadiste chided, 'such a
  headstrong, dedicated priestess as you can surely endure a little torture without
  breaking. Especially,' she added softly, 'if it's to save your beloved.'  
Satyra's breathing quickened &ndash; hanging in the stocks she could see
  the cruelty mixed with lust shining in Sadiste's lovely, evil face. The smile
  on those full dark lips was one of pure malevolence, and she quailed at the
  thought of what fiendish torments this red-skinned devil-woman would inflict
  on her. But to save Conine&hellip; 'How many torments,' she asked.  
Sadiste smiled wider. She had the mortal slut now. 'Six,' she said off-handedly.
  'It's my favorite number.'  
Satyra swallowed, thinking about what she had already endured, but more on
  what her warrior-lover had endured on her behalf. She knew that if Sadiste
  had her in her power that her agony would unspeakable, and that she would be
  risking not only her soul but her sister's sacred connection to the Goddess.
  But she had no choice.  
'I agree,' she said finally. 'Let me help Conine, and then do with me as
  you will.'  
'Oh, I shall,' Sadiste replied. 'But first,' she added, touching a finger
  to her sable lips, 'your promise.'  
Satyra grimaced but leaned forward, straining against the wooden stocks until
  she was able to brush the demoness' lips with her own. Sadist smiled rapturously.  
'Such a full, soft mouth,' she cooed, eyes closed. She opened them and looked
  at the prisoner. 'Its screams will be as delicious as its kisses.'  
Satyra spat the brief taste of her tormentor out on the floor, and then looked
  at her defiantly. 'Now let me help her,' she growled.  
'As you command,' agreed Sadiste, and promptly knelt down in front of the
  girl in the stocks, letting her hands slide down over her waist as she settled
  facing the prisoners soft pink crotch.  
'What are you doing,' gasped Satyra, staring down her body at the smiling
  she-fiend.  
'Helping you,' the red demoness replied. 'Your magic is weak thanks to my
  spell.' She ran the flat of her palm over Satyra's Venus Mons, massaging it.
  'You need some woman-power.'  
Satyra's horned head fell back as she felt Sadiste move her hand so her fingers
  brushed her labia, teasing the lips apart. She closed her eyes and scowled,
  forcing herself to think of helping Conine.  
'Do you know the Roman's call this device you're in the 'fuck-cradle', 'Sadiste
  purred softly, glancing up at Satyra's face. The priestess' all-green eyes
  had a yearning look and her red lips were parted as she took short, shallow
  breaths. 'Alas I have no prick myself, but I'm sure you'll nonetheless find
  my attention adequate.'  
The first brush of Sadiste's lips against her quim brought the priestess
  a sudden rush of warmth, suffusing her with energy. She gasped, letting the
  power emanate through her, building in potency as the she-devil nuzzled her
  pouting cleft and used her tongue to trace the outline of her inner lips. She
  could feel the tips of Sadiste's horns pricking the underside of her breasts
  as the hellion worked her tongue past her entrance, probing lustfully.  
Satyra's heart was hammering inside her chest. The pain of her bondage did
  not ease, but the sensations radiating from between her legs superseded all
  other thoughts. 'She focused on that growing heat, using it's fire, reaching
  out with her thoughts. 'Conine,' she whispered, picturing the memory of the
  warrior-woman's own soft mouth lapping at her cleft, drawing courage from that
  happy thought. 'Hear me, my love.'  
Suddenly Sadiste paused in her ministrations. 'Thinking of another woman
  while you're with me?' she asked sarcastically, looking up at the pinioned
  half-satyr. 'That's naughty, Satyra. I'm afraid I'm going to have to scold
  you.'  
Satyra looked down between her breasts as Sadiste reached around to cup her
  backside with her taloned hands. The nails on those fingers scratched painfully,
  but the red-head quickly forgot that as Sadiste smiled again, revealing for
  the first time her pointed fangs.  
Oh, Goddess, thought the helpless priestess.  
Sadiste laughed, and then lunged for Satyra's red tufted pussy, canines flashing.  
'AAAAARRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!'  
Underworld of the Chevaan   
Part II   
Vision of Cruelty   
'AAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHH!'  
Satyra's cry cut through the night as the demoness' fangs bit deep into the
  soft folds of her pubis. The mound between her legs was pinioned between the
  powerful jaws as the beautiful prisoner heaved in her bonds.  
Sadiste smiled to herself as she felt the priestess' blood mingling with
  her feminine juices. Even as she continued to use her teeth on the young girl's
  woman-flesh she probed once more with her tongue, lapping diligently at Satyra's
  soft pussy lips.  
After her initial scream Satyra kept her cries to muffled sobs, a task all
  the more difficult because of the perverse way her tormentor used her mouth
  to bring both pain and pleasure. The agony of feeling the hellion's fangs savaging
  her most intimate flesh was heightened by the humiliation caused by the feelings
  of arousal generated by Sadiste's flickering tongue as it delved past her labia
  and probed around the tight bud of her clitoris. Sadiste pursed her lips and
  quivered in the stocks as the red skinned woman's hands clasped her buttocks
  firmly, pulling her forward as she chewed and licked. She could feel the blood
  dripping down her thighs as the stocks kept her spread pubic region hanging
  helplessly.  
'You taste delicious,' Sadiste murmured, pulling back a little to stare up
  at Satyra's lovely face between the rams horns that curled either side of the
  Chevaan's head. 'Now to send you to your brawny lover.' She dipped her head
  forward again, her pink tongue diving between the folds of Satyra's cunt.  
Satyra gasped as her all-green eyes flew wide, waves of power erupting from
  between her legs. She felt the magic coursing through her, carried by a peak
  of wild sexual energy, and had to fight the urge to surrender herself to that
  surge. Instead she focused on the sight of Conine hanging agonizingly on the
  Roman cross, dying horribly, as the swelling eruption in her womanhood burst
  over her, making her arch in the stocks, trembling and groaning&hellip;  
Abruptly Satyra fell forward, totally limp.  
Sadiste sat back on her haunches and gazed at the lovely bronze body while
  she licked the blood from her lips. One hand strayed to her full, crimson breast
  as she inspected anew the prisoner's own full mammaries with their jutting
  peaks, and the moist cleft beneath Satyra's thatch of copper pubic hair, the
  inner lips still just peaking playfully beyond the bitten labia. She smiled
  and let her taloned hand float down beneath the purple gauze that was all that
  covered her own crotch.  
Abruptly, the wagon door flew open. A young Roman soldier stood in the opening,
  gripping a pilum and staring in amazement at the horned, red skinned lovely
  kneeling in front of the orange-haired prisoner, playing with herself shamelessly.  
Sadiste looked at the young soldier, her pupil-less yellow eyes glowing.
  She smiled wider.  
***  
Conine tried to wet her now cracking lips, but her tongue was dry
      and felt swollen. She trembled with the effort of pulling down the bar.
      She felt light-headed, and the firelight danced at the corner of her vision.    
Suddenly the orange light seemed to expand, filling her gaze. The
      crucified woman lifted her head a little, half-closed eyes seeing a shape
      forming in the air before her. As she watched, wonder driving the constant
      pain momentarily from her mind, the shape took on the aspect of a woman.
      Soon, the priestess Satyra floated in front of Conine. She was nude, her
      splendid body swathed in soft orange glow, her hair falling in gorgeous
      foaming curls over her shoulders and back, the two curling rams horns either
      side of her head glinting like polished ivory. Her all green eyes shone
      with tears.    
'Oh my love,' she said, her voice anguished, 'my poor, poor love.'    
Conine smiled a little, blinking back her own tears. 'I hoped you
      would come for me, when it was time.'    
'Yes my darling, I've come,' answered the vision, reaching out
      a hand and stroking the warriors strong, beautiful face, 'but not for the
      long journey, not yet. I've come to help you escape.'    
As Satyra's ghostly hand touched her, Conine felt new strength
      and awareness flowing through, like the warmth of strong drink. The constant
      pain and struggle for breath seemed to have vanished. She opened her mouth
      to speak, but Satyr set two long finders against her lips.    
'Listen, my love, I have little time. I cannot use my magic to
      free you, but I can give you a chance, your only chance. It will be hard,
      but you must take it. Listen.'    
***  
Sadiste waved her hand at the young Roman, a simple, elegant gesture. The
  yellow light in her eyes flared fractionally brighter. 'Come in and close the
  door,' she said softly.  
The man blinked, then obeyed without question. He still held his weapon,
  but as he approached the demoness where she stood looking at him over her shoulder
  his stance was no longer one of surprise or suspicion; more that of a servant
  waiting idly for a command.  
Sadiste smiled, closer she could see the soldier was in his mid-twenties,
  in stature no taller than herself and Satyra but with the physique of a fighting
  man. 'Leave your things and come stand behind me,' she ordered, and the man
  did as he was told, dropping his pilum and shield to the ground.  
Once the Roman was standing up against her Sadiste reached around and drew
  his arms around her body, placing his hands on her belly and hips. She eased
  back a little, rubbing gently against him, one hand moving to touch a buckle
  on the shoulder of his armor. 'You won't need these either,' she whispered.  
Instantly, impossibly, the man's armor and clothes fell away, as if he had
  donned them without tying any fastenings. He stood naked except for his leather
  arm braces, his sandals, and his helmet, the last which Sadiste now reached
  up and gently pulled free to reveal his thick curling black hair and well formed
  face. 'Lovely,' she purred, snuggling back against him and smiling as she felt
  the jab of his erect member against the curve of her backside. He had a healthy
  length to his manhood, and it stiffened even further at the feel of her red
  skinned body pressing against him.  
Sadiste hands moved around behind her, running over his firm torso and the
  muscles of his sides and abdomen. She leaned back to look him in the eyes,
  his deep brown, hers glowing yellow. Her breathing was slow and deep, and without
  prompting the Roman's hands moved up to her full breasts, cupping them and
  kneading them gently. Her nipples were hard black nubs beneath his palms.  
Tuning her head to look at her young bravo Sadiste indicated with a nod the
  Chevaan half-breed hanging unconscious in the stocks, arms and legs drawn up
  behind her so that her naked torso, with its fabulous bronzed skin, full breasts
  and flat stomach, and teasing sliver of copper red hair between the spread
  thighs was suspended in space, helpless and inviting. The priestess' head with
  its fiery man and exotic curling rams horns hung down upon her full chest.
  'She's very beautiful, isn't she?' Sadiste asked.  
'She's incredible,' replied the Roman honestly. Sadiste knew her magick prevented
  him doing anything else.  
'Tell me,' she whispered, tickling his ear with her tongue, 'what would you
  like to do to her.'  
'Fuck her,' said the man, his eyes now riveted on the prisoner.  
Sadiste smiled. 'You mean rape her?'  
'Yes,' said the soldier. His grip on her breast tightened a little, and she
  closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling. 'Rape the bitch.'  
'I'll bet you'd make sure it hurt her, wouldn't you?' Sadiste said.  
'Yes,' he answered. His face was dark with passion. 'I'd make the little
  slut scream for mercy.'  
'Mmmmmmm,' Sadiste purred appreciatively. One of her hands reached around
  behind her back and the tips of her fingers found the head of the soldier's
  up-thrust cock, teasing it. 'Tell me what you'd do to her.'  
'Whip her,' the man said, while in front of him the view of the prisoner
  shimmered and changed. Now instead of hanging insensible in the stocks, Satyra
  appeared conscious and alert, her face fearful and her full bosom rising and
  falling dramatically as an exact double of the young Roman clasping Sadiste
  stepped forward, swinging a many thronged whip, each leather strand studded
  with pieces of sharp bone. The phantom soldier swung the whip in front of the
  prisoner, letting her see the terrible instrument and contemplate the awful
  damage it would do to her unprotected flesh. Sadiste's hand continued working
  the real soldier's phallus, tickling it. 'Go on,' she said, still rubbing herself
  lasciviously against him.  
'Start with her legs,' he answered, and immediately his illusionary counterpart
  complied, arm going back and bringing the scourge flailing against the prisoner's
  unprotected quadriceps as they were tensed by her legs being hauled backwards
  through the stocks. There was no sound to the image, but straight away the
  picture of Satyra showed the young priest choking back a sob of pain.  
'I use the whip on one leg at a time at first,' the man went on, and in the
  image playing out before himself and Sadiste his double copied his every instruction.
  'I hit her start on the outside of her legs, where they just start to curve
  up into her ass. I like how she looks when I hit her there &ndash; like a little
  doe trapped by a hunter. I can hear her whimpering by the time I move to the
  tops of her legs, above the knees. I flick the scourge across the muscle there,
  teasing her with the pain.' In the image bloody scratches formed on the victims
  legs between her knees and hips, complimenting the heavier wounds he had already
  inflicted on the outside of the legs.  
'I use the whip and rub the insides of her thighs, where its sensitive. I
  don't whip her there yet &ndash; I'm saving that for later. I just want her
  to think about it, think about the pain when I do go there. I can see in her
  eyes that she's already terrified. She thinks I'm going to whip her pussy right
  now, but that would spoil the fun. '  
Watching Sadiste leaned back and kissed the man lightly &ndash; he was proving
  delightfully inventive and she felt her juices flowing warmly within her own
  inner chambers. She reached up and took one of the Roman's hands from her breast
  and guided it down over her abdomen until his fingers were tracing the outline
  of her pouting crevice. His touch thrilled her as he went on with his description.  
'I whip her belly next. It's flat and hard and the stocks make her pull her
  shoulders back and it looks even better; really tight and firm. I start gently
  at first, just getting her used to how it feels. A couple of light smacks warming
  her up. She closes her eyes and gasps a little, feeling the leather stinging
  her.'  
'I start to swing harder. I can hear the slap of the leather as it smacks
  her torso. It makes a nice little crack, and it makes her jump as it hits her.
  Her boobs wobble a little. She's starting to feel the cords scratching her
  skin. With her belly pulled so tight by the stocks she can feel every sharp
  point as it marks her. I keep going until her skin starts to get red and you
  can see the thin red lines where her skins been broken.'  
In the illusion, Satyra was now squirming in the stocks. With her arms pinioned
  behind her and her legs doubled back so that her ankles were level with her
  buttocks, her abdomen was drawn as tight as a piece of hide on a Nubian shield,
  and as described the skin was now a rosy red hue, streaked with fine stinging
  scratches. The lower part of her rib cage moved visibly beneath the skin as
  she worked to catch her breath.  
'I step up close to her, and pull her head back so she's looking at me. I
  like the fear in her eyes and I let her see me smiling, thinking about how
  much I'll enjoy hurting her.'  
'I step back again,' said the Roman, as under Sadiste's magical direction
  his image complied. 'I let her think about it, then I swing with force.'  
Before the rutting demoness and her mesmerized partner the scourge crashed
  noiselessly against Satyra's unprotected midriff. The silent illusion gave
  a cry of pain as the leather cracked against her skin. Drawing back to reveal
  brighter welts against the red marked flesh and deeper cuts from the bone shards.
  The phantom soldier shifted his rip and brought the next stroke backhanded,
  so that the whip wrapped its coils around from the other side of the priestess
  young body, drawing another silent yelp of pain.  
While the young Roman continued to narrate his fantasy, Sadiste moaned with
  pleasure. Her hand that had guided his down to her pubis now worked his strong
  fingers inside her, using his hand to masturbate herself while she watched
  the torture. The demoness knew full well that in reality the red-headed priestess
  would prove a much more resilient subject, and that such broken whimperings
  would come only after much pain; this was merely the vulgar imaginings of the
  man pressed up behind her with his hand squeezing her blood red tit while his
  other wriggled and probed inside the wet folds of her pussy. Nevertheless she
  still took pleasure in the show, as much from the revealing of the young man
  degraded yearnings as from his description of the beautiful prisoners suffering.  
Soon the vision showed the priestess bronze body sagging in the stocks as
  her abdomen became more and more bloodied from the strikes of the whip. After
  a dozen strokes of the leather the torture paused. By now the real Roman was
  panting as he spoke, grinding his phallus against Sadiste's firm rump. So lifelike
  was the image being create before him that, combined with the feel of the incredible
  body pressed against him, he would surely have emptied his seed against the
  devil-woman back under normal circumstances. Sadiste's magic prevented that
  'anti-climax' to her play, as easily as it drew the man's fantasy from his
  mind and enabled him to vocalize in such graphic detail, as well as preventing
  him from fully realizing the nature of the red-skinned, horned vixen in his
  arms.  
'You're hurting her so badly,' cooed the demoness, undulating in his grasp.
  'She's totally in your power. How are you going to hurt her now?'  
The Roman paused for a heartbeat. 'Her tits,' he drawled.  
'Mmmmmmmm,' agreed Sadiste with a smile. She reached up to where his hand
  cupped her own left boob and prompted him to squeeze gently. 'Tell me &ndash; tell
  me how your going to beat her nice big tits.'  
'I grab them and squeeze them,' he answered, watching himself perform the
  deed. 'I can feel them in my hand, round and heavy. I squeeze hard.' The phantom
  Satyra gasped in pain at the man-handling of her fleshy bosom. The Roman's
  hands were large, but barely enough to contain one of those full domes of pliant
  womanliness. The finger dug cruelly into skin, shifting constantly, pulling
  and twisting. When the one boob was red and sore from the treatment he shifted
  to other and repeated the abuse. The image-Satyra sobbed pitifully, hanging
  weakened from the beating she had already received.  
'Her nipples,' Sadiste reminded her puppet. 'You should hurt them too.'  
And he did. While the demoness watched in rapture the Roman narrated his
  would-be torture of those perky round nubbins, pinking them between finger
  and thumb and twisting, sometime slow and deliberate, sometimes quick and brutal.
  Satyra groaned and shook her head from side to side, her curling red hair whipping
  about her gorgeous face as her sensitive tit-crests were ground like meat in
  the man's grasp. He pushed his finger deep into the rise of her mammary until
  he was applying pressure to the rib-cage beneath as her used his nails to dig
  into the harder pinkish bud, lighting up the nerve-ending within painfully.  
Sadiste used her clawed hand resting atop his to make him squeeze her own
  tit with force, his pale pink finger sinking into her own blood-red tit-flesh.
  She groaned in pain and pleasure at the sensation &ndash; most other females
  would have cried out in protest at such treatment, but one did not abide in
  hell without developing an appreciation of a certain amount of pain. She was
  so wet between her legs now that her juices flowed out freely over the soldier's
  fingers as they quested beyond her hairless pubis.  
When he had done with her nipples the Roman stepped back and used his open
  hand to slap the full tits forcefully. The heavy round boobs jiggled erotically
  as he hit them, while their owner continued to sob and moan. He hit them harder,
  making her yelp and shudder. He shifted hands so he struck the boobs in sequence,
  slapping the outside curve of the tit so it jumped across her chest, buffeting
  against its twin so they both wobbled delightfully. Slap. Slap. Slap! Slap!!  
'When I can tell her tits are sore and swollen I show her the whip again.
  I rub the leather against her cheek and watch while she begs. I tell I'm going
  to whip her tits, and listen to her pleading like a little animal. She'll do
  anything, she says. She'll fuck me like a whore if I spare her. I tell her
  that I'm going to fuck her anyway, but first I want to hear her scream.'  
'By the time I step back she's almost crazy with fear. It makes my cock hard
  as iron listening to her beg, looking at what I've already done to her. I bring
  the whip around and let it hit her left tit. She screams when it hits the sore
  skin, and when it pulls away I can see the red marks. There's already a little
  blood from the points. I backhand the other tit so she screams again. Her tits
  dance under the whip.'  
'I keep hitting her. I hit her in different ways. Sometimes I go in from
  the side. Sometimes I use an overhand stroke so I hit the tops of her boobs.
  The cuts get deeper as I get more excited and hit her harder. Her tits are
  bleeding, and the blood smears across the skin when I flog her. She's crying
  all the time now, screaming and shaking so hard the whole stocks are vibrating.'  
'I stop for a minute and step up to grab her boobs again. She cries out when
  I squeeze them, louder than before. Their cut and bruised and they hurt her
  when I touch them. I feel the blood on my hands and squeeze harder, so she
  screams out. I get one of the strands of the whip and find a sharp point, and
  then press it into one of her nipples. I stand close so I'm in her face when
  it digs in and I watch while she screams and screams. I'm so close I can feel
  her tits pressing against me chest, feel her blood on my skin, feel the tip
  of my cock brushing her belly. I cut her again and feel her heaving like a
  wild beast while her red mouth is wide with the screaming and the tears run
  down her face.'  
'Aaaaaaaahhhhhh,' Sadiste exclaimed, and explosive cry as her body stiffened
  in the man's arms and she felt a white-hot surge of ecstasy erupt inside her
  vagina. She rode the feeling, keeping the man's hands working on her tits and
  cunt as the thought and vision of the howling red-haired priestess writhing
  in agony brought her to her climax.  
In the vision the Roman stepped back from his victim, whose head slumped
  onto her bloodied chest. Sadiste reached around behind her again and once more
  found the man's young, erect cock, tugging it down and moving it between the
  cleft of her ass and up to the cleft between her legs. 'You want to fuck her
  now,' the demoness moaned, still thrilling form her orgasm.  
The man did not answer this time, but moved his hips, twisting so that his
  phallus drilled against Sadiste's outer lips, penetrating a little. More moisture
  from her womanhood trickled out and her entered her easily, slipping inside
  her and pushing deep into her tunnel.  
In front of the fornicating pair the vision Roman dropped hi whip and stepped
  up to the prisoner, grabbing one of the curling ram's horns either side of
  her head to force her face up while he stabbed at her copper-haired thatch
  with him member. He pushed into her gracelessly, making her shriek again as
  she shoved into her inch by inch, thrust by thrust.  
The fucking continued, the vision and the reality in sync. Sadiste moaned
  like a whore as her Roman lover grasped her hips from behind and sexed her
  with hard, long strokes. She used one arm to coil around his shoulders, steadying
  herself while he plunged into her. Her other hand brought one of her full tits
  up to her mouth and she suckled her own nipple while she watched the man's
  rape fantasy play out in front of her. In his dream the man was reaming Satyra's
  pussy with gusto, arms reached around behind the frame of the stocks so he
  could bring all his strength into fucking into her helpless twat while he was
  sweating and grunting. The Chevaan's lovely face was turned towards Sadist
  and the two women looked at each other, yellow and green eyes meeting. The
  demoness was thinking about how soon it would not be any magic conjured vision
  before her, about the joy of seeing that broken looking the real Satyra's eyes
  as her half-satyr, half-human, but all woman body was tortured and degraded
  for Sadiste's evil pleasure.  
The vision Roman pumped harder and faster, his grunts loud and forceful.
  The real man kept pace. Suddenly Satyra's mouth went wide and her horned head
  was flung back as her rapist lunged and paused, then lunged again, and again.
  Behind the gorgeous she-devil the real man suddenly grasped her hard around
  the waist and heaved forward, burying his cock inside her as Sadiste felt his
  seed rushing into her pussy and let her tit fall from her mouth as she cried
  out with her second climax.  
The man inside her gasped with pleasure, his face glowing, but suddenly shuddered.
  In the midst of his rapture he suddenly felt a sudden irresistible force coursing
  through his body, as if every part of him were rushing down into his cock where
  it was spurting its juice into the woman in his arms. He trembled, his eyes
  growing wide as pleasure was replaced on his young face by a rictus of pain.
  He tried to cry out for help, but no words would come, and he was beyond anything
  his friends outside could have done. He shook violently as his phallus continued
  to pour into the demoness' all-consuming cunt, while she herself howled in
  pleasure, taking him into herself, emptying and devouring him as her full breasted
  body shone with a sheen of passion.  
Abruptly the man drooped back, his body hitting the floor behind Sadiste
  with a muffled thud. She sighed, using her hand to adjust her ruffled hair
  around her sharp black horns and wiping some of her lingering juices from her
  pussy lips, licking it from her fingers with slow relish.  
***  
Conine leaned forward, straining against her captivity to reach
      Satyra's full lips, aching to feel them again. The satyr woman responded,
      their mouths coming together, covering each other, their tongues darting
      and flickering in the warm wet cavity as the kiss became passionate. Conine
      moaned as she felt new warmth and strength radiating through her, the supernatural
      vigor of the priestess flowing across the connection. The pain and fatigue
      did not vanish, but they faded as new energy coursed through the warrior
      woman's body.    
At last, all too soon, Satyra pulled back, severing their joining.
      There were fresh tears in her emerald eyes as she brushed Conine's cheek
      with her own. 'I am with you always, my love,' she whispered. Conine said
      nothing, drinking in the feel of Satyra's body against her, her smell,
      her taste.    
'What was she saying?'    
Conine's eyes fluttered open. The vision of Satyra was gone, replaced
      once more by the mundane night time view. One of the soldiers had moved
      over to stand in front of her, looking curious.   
***  
The vision of the fallen Roman pumping his seed into the pinioned Chevaan
  wavered and was replaced by that of the real Satyra as she stirred and opened
  her glowing green eyes.  
Satyra blinked groggily, weary from the energy she had expended to help Conine,
  tears forming in her eyes as she remembered the sight of her beautiful, proud
  warrior lover hanging grotesquely on the cross, bearing the marks of torture
  and gang-rape. She blinked, taking in the sight of Sadiste standing in front
  of her with a wicked smile still on her lovely evil face.  
Then her eyes fell upon the form of the Roman. Only instead of the handsome
  youth that had entered the wagon, all that now remained was a wasted, almost
  mummified husk, like that of some long dead warrior. The skin was dry and sunken,
  withered and decrepit. The priestesses blinked again and lifted her head to
  look at the grinning demoness.  
'What has happened here?' Satyra stammered.  
'Oh just passing the time,' Sadiste replied, still glowing from her exertions.
  'Shall we go?' She raised a long nailed hand and snapped her fingers.  
***  
Outside, the centurion of the company was just asking if any of the soldiers
  preparing for bed had seen the man who was supposed to be near the lead wagon,
  when the vehicle suddenly exploded in a ball of blue flame, knocking the awe-struck
  Roman's to the ground and scattering bits of burning debris across the camp.  
Underworld of the Chevaan  
Chapter III  
Welcome  
Satyra came to wakefulness slowly. She remembered vague and disjointed images
  of Conine and the red-skinned demoness with her beautiful but evil face, and
  her cruel but skillful hands on her body. There were broken flashes of a dead
  Roman, and then a terrible roar and a rush of flame.  
With the memory of the wagon torn apart by the terrible explosion Satyra
  blinked and come fully awake. There was no sign of the wagon, or the forest,
  or the Romans, or even Sadiste. She was lying on a rough stone floor in a small
  cavern.  
Satyra sat up, running her fingers through her long curling red hair. She
  was still nude, but that in itself held no discomfort for the Chevaan priestess.
  Her people were at ease with their bodies and not balked by going without clothing.
  Nor, like the Roman's, did they need to disguise their need to express their
  natural urges with formalized orgies and elaborate sexual rituals. To a Chevaan
  woman nakedness was not something either to be ashamed of or gloried in &ndash; it
  was simply another aspect of the fullness of their being. Only the perverse
  attention of the Roman invaders, who used the stripping of a woman's clothing
  to signify their domination of her freedom to choose, made nudity a kind of
  punishment.  
Looking about Satyra could see no obvious signs of exit from the cavern.
  The light came from three flames that rose up from the stone walls in what
  seemed to be natural fissures in the rock. She supposed there must be ways
  for air to get in, for she knew well that fire would not burn long in a closed
  space, but she could see no sign of how. The air itself made her nose wrinkle &ndash; it
  was laced with a sulphurous stench that left her throat feeling dry as she
  breathed. There was a dull rumble that went on endlessly around her, throbbing
  in the air and making the stone beneath her feet and buttocks quiver gently.  
The satyr woman stretched tentatively, extending her long legs and testing
  to see if her muscles had recovered from the cruel restraint of the Roman stocks.
  She felt a little stiff, but otherwise unharmed. She grasped her elbows with
  her opposite hands and pulled her arms across her full breasts, working the
  muscles in her upper limbs and her back and shoulders.  
After a few moments she stood up. She ran her hands over the walls
    of her prison &ndash; the rock felt coarse, and warm. Her hands did not find
    any source of exit any easier than her eyes had done. She narrowed her emerald
    eyes in frustration, turning in a slow circle.  
  Sadiste's words in the wagon regarding her master were running through her
  mind.   
"If you can endure a number of&hellip;trials, without agreeing to serve him,
  you will be released&hellip;very painful ones, you may be sure&hellip;we specialize
  in torture in the Underworld, and I'm sure I can think up some very imaginative
  ones for such a brave beauty."  
Satyra drew a long breath and wrapped her hands around her naked body. She
  wondered how long she would have to wait before they began.  
***  
Not far away, Sadiste sat in front of a bubbling pool in the rock floor,
  in whose depths the image of Satyra in her cavern-cell could be seen. The lovely
  prisoner stared about her listlessly, her mind clearly playing over what her
  captors had in store for her.  
'She is delicious,' a deep baritone voice rumbled in the shadows behind the
  demoness. Sadiste did not turn to face the speaker, but felt the familiar thrill
  of excitement and terror that came from him addressing her. Around her the
  rocks quivered at the sound of that voice, as if they too were afraid of it.
  'But I hope her beauty is not all that you have to offer me.'  
Sadiste continued to stare at the image of the horned woman in the pool.
  One of her hands dipped into the liquid and made the picture of those curling
  rams horns shimmer. 'Her connection to the goddess is as real as her beauty,
  Milord, I assure you.'  
'Yes,' said the speaker. From the shadows two burning eyes became visible
  as their owner leaned toward the pool to more closely inspect the occupant
  of the cell. Sadiste could feel hot breath on her back and knew that her master
  was as excited by Satyra's physical loveliness as she was. 'But is her power
  sufficient to our needs.'  
Sadiste turned and bowed her head, staring at the ground before her as she
  felt the great presence of her lord looming over her. 'What is thy bidding,
  my master,' she intoned formally.  
The shadow moved slightly, giving the barest hind at the great size of the
  dweller within. When the speaker addressed her again, the red eyes never strayed
  from the naked woman shown in the pool. 'Test her with the slithering ones'
  he growled.  
Sadiste did not lift her head, but she wet her lips with her tongue. 'Her
  mortal flesh has not yet been tempered,' she said. 'Such a test could be dangerous.'  
The shadow-dweller growled again, and Sadiste felt a moment of intoxicating
  panic. She knew how carefully she must tread now. 'You are saying she may not
  survive?' the growling voice asked.  
'No, milord &ndash; she will survive,' Sadiste said with confidence, but
  wondered herself if it were true. The mighty one was not renowned for his indulgence
  of timidity, but her reward now, having stated her case with such certainty,
  would be a truly terrifying thing. In hell, where every pleasure was underscored
  with some aspect of pain, true punishment was something that even the bravest
  trembled at.  
In other words, there was pain, and then there was PAIN!  
'Test her,' the voice commanded. The shadows retreated slightly and a hand
  the size of man's torso gestured at the image in the pool. 'Send the slithering
  ones.'  
Sadiste bobbed her head deferentially and moved to do her masters will.  
***  
In the cavern Satyra had sat back once again moved to examine one of the
  stone walls when she heard a noise behind her a sound of stone grinding on
  stone. She whipped around to see a large fissure forming in the rock face opposite
  her, a crack that ran from the floor about halfway up the wall. Yellow vapor
  hissed from the crevice, warming the air.  
As Satyra leaned forward to see better, a wedge shaped object appeared amid
  the fumes. It moves back and forth, the slid closer, penetrating the masking
  cloud as it entered the chamber.  
The creature was like a serpent, but larger than any Satyra had ever seen.
  The head was a good six inches long, triangular, ridged above the glittering
  yellow eyes with small horns and bony protrusions. It struck Satyra as strange
  in appearance, since its head was longer than common in the serpent folk. Satyra
  had often employed the use of serpents in her spells and divinations, and so
  knew much of their ways, but this creature was wholly new to hear. Had she
  any experience with the crocodile of the Egypt far from her forest home she
  would have thought it more closely resembled those fearsome carnivores with
  its long nose and mouth, but the body that trailed behind the head was completely
  serpentine, as cable almost half a foot thick covered in shimmering green scales.  
The reptile moved forward and hissed, tongue tasting the air. It fixed its
  unblinking eyes upon the naked woman and slid forward languidly, weaving from
  side to side as it approached.  
Satyra backed up as far as the stone wall would permit, then turned suddenly
  as another fissure opened to her left with a sharp crack. More vapors rose
  out and began to coil about the roof as a second serpent dropped into the cavern.
  She could now see at least four feet of the bodied of each reptile and still
  no sign of a tail. Like its companion this creature immediately hissed at the
  red-headed priestess and began to inch forward.  
Satyra fought to fight a rising panic as the beasts closed in. She feared
  no natural animal, but even one far less tutored than she would have sensed
  the un  naturalness of these serpents. Where common snakes
  would act on instincts such a hunger or fear, Satyra felt these were driven
  solely by some terrible malevolence. She edged further around the wall, trying
  to keep an equal distance from the snakes as they approached from either side.  
When the third fissure opened it did so with such suddenness that Satyra
  had no time to react before she felt the scorching yellow steam scalding her
  shoulder. She cried out in pain and staggered forward, but not fast enough
  to prevent a new snake darting our and coiling a loop around her forearm.  
The creature raised its head to hiss at her, but Satyra did not flinch. Without
  hesitating she brought her right hand over and grabbed the reptile just below
  the head, where the throat of a mammal would be. With a ferocity that would
  have startled her lover Conine she squeezed, grinding her thumb deep into the
  beast's scaly skin as it thrashed furiously. Satyra's green eyes narrowed as
  her full mouth twisted into an angry snarl, her grip tightening and her fingers
  gouged into the flesh and dark blood ran down from her hand onto the stone
  floor.  
Satyra snarled contemptuously as she flung the carcass from her, only to
  have one of the other two beasts lunge about one of her long legs. She seized
  it with both hands, wrestling it loose as she held it in a crushing grip. Her
  eyes flared with an angry green light as she fought and her man of red hair
  whipped about her face and curling ivory horns. Faced with this desperate struggle,
  weakened from her previous ordeals, and knowing that her assailants were not
  natural beings but creatures of darkness she no longer struggled to control
  her wilder nature as she had done in the forest at the hands of the Roman soldiers.
  She met savagery with savagery.  
Against the two beasts that remained she might have triumphed, her hands
  dealing bloody death at a grasp, but even as she dispatched the second with
  a viscous wrench that shattered the monsters spine, a half dozen more creatures
  came hissing into the room by the still open fissures, darting towards the
  struggling girl.  
***  
In front of the pool Sadiste watched the serpentine horrors swarming about
  the embattled Chevaan beauty, coiling about her faster than she could slay
  them. Despite her futile struggle she continued to fight on.  
'Strong indeed,' came the rumble of her master, and Sadiste smiled in pleasure
  at the small praise. 'A wild one, this, Sadiste.'  
'Are you sure you can tame her,' asked another voice, a feminine one this
  time.  
Sadiste looked up from the pool to see another woman approaching. She was
  naked but for a gold chain about her throat, and her body was slim and smooth,
  with generously rounded breasts and slender hips. Her hair, like Sadiste's,
  was shining black, but where the formers was straight, the newcomers was thickly
  curling as it fell down her back almost to her waist and settled on her shoulders.
  Her two horns sprouted from above her eyes and grew straight out to either
  side of her head, their ends curling up slightly level with her shoulders.
  While Sadiste's skin was crimson red, the other woman's was a pale, opalescent
  blue, except for her nipples, which were deep purple. Not a single hair adorned
  her below the brows of her yellow eyes, and the violet inner lips of her womanhood
  peaked delicately from her fleshy labia.  
'Ah, Zaraeth,' rumbled the voice in the shadows. 'You know Sadiste, of course.'  
Zaraeth nodded to the speaker and turned back to Sadiste. Her lips were a
  darker shade of blue and turned up in a slightly mocking smile. 'Sadiste, I
  see you still insist on visiting the mortal world, instead of attending more
  important duties for our master here.'  
'Your efforts as chief whore for his lordships' thralls are appreciated by
  us all,' Sadiste replied. 'It allows those of us with skills beyond our crotch
  to work unhindered.'  
Zaraeth's smile became dangerous, but the laughter of the one behind them
  prevented the blue demoness from replying. 'Your hatred never ceases to amuse
  me,' he said to both she-devils. 'Rest assured, Zaraeth, if Sadiste fails in
  this attempt you shall help lift my spirits by planning some particularly vile
  experience for her.' Zaraeth smiled and bowed appreciatively. 'On the other
  hand,' continued the speaker, 'if she is successful I may reward her by making
  you her personal slave. I am sure she would make excellent use of your delectable
  form.'  
Zaraeth paled a little at that, and Sadiste lifted her head proudly. The
  red demoness knew that her rivals scheming rarely went beyond her next fuck,
  and looked forward to the chance to show her what a truly devious mind could
  come up with for an enemy.  
'In the meantime,' the speaker went on, 'you may come and sit by me and watch
  the testing of the half-satyr pussy. I can think of a better use for that pretty
  mouth than trading barbs with Sadiste.'  
Zaraeth shot a look at Sadiste to say how valued her services were, then
  stepped with swaying into the shadows surrounding their Lord, wetting her full
  lips as she raised one hand to cup her breast. Sadiste watched her disappear
  into the darkness then turned back to the pool as the blue demoness gave a
  throaty moan that was echoed in the shadows by a growl of pleasure.  
***  
In the cavern, the sheer numbers of her assailants had finally subdued the
  ram-horned Chevaan spitfire.  
Satyra lay pinned under a squirming mound of serpents. At least a dozen of
  the vile creatures helped restrain her as she struggled, the black blood from
  the four she had killed with her bare hands staining her arms and body.  
Satyra glared furiously at the beasts pinning her, straining for freedom
  with every ounce of her prodigious strength. The sheer weight of the monsters
  coiled about her arms, legs and torso would have been enough to pin an ordinary
  woman, but the small victory of her being able to shift the mass of reptilian
  bodies even fractionally was of no comfort to the subdued red-head.  
The snakes hissed triumphantly, and slowly Satyra's struggling ebbed. She
  did not surrender herself to the inevitable, but rather fought to calm herself
  to conserve her strength. It was clear she would not win this fight. Better
  to save her energy for when she could make a difference.  
If such a time came,  a thought ran through her head.
  As the snakes bodies slithered around to encompass her in their muscular grip
  Satyra knew that there was a chance no opportunity would come &ndash; that
  the beasts would kill and devour her like any captured prey. The thought almost
  overwhelmed with fear, but she resisted the urge to yield to panic. Sadiste
  had brought her hear for a reason. If it was to die, even to die in pain, she
  could have left Satyra with the Roman's. The Chevaan clung desperately to the
  thought that Sadiste and her master needed her alive.  
Goddess grant me strength to endure this trial,  she
  prayed fervently.  
Satyra drew a shuddering breath, made difficult by the creatures coiled around
  her chest. The mass of cable-like bodies criss-crossed her form, leaving only
  patches of her bronze skin visible beneath the differing shades of green scales.
  Four beasts held her arms and legs askew as the serpents protruded from the
  fissures that had opened, the wedge shaped heads level with her shoulders and
  thighs. Two more had cast themselves about her upper body, crossing over between
  her shoulder and neck and constricting around her full breasts, making the
  fleshy mounds bulge where the serpentine bodies were squashing her ample chest.  
Satyra felt something between her legs and glanced down. Another snake was
  just sliding between around from behind her between her splayed legs, its vile
  body sliding over the ridge of her pubic mound and though the coppery hair
  above. The creatures tongue flicked out to taste the sweat forming on the plain
  of her abdomen. As it traveled up her body, its jaws opened wide and within
  its gaping maw the Chevaan saw lines of sharp teeth protruding form the creatures
  jaw at mismatched angles. From the wicked curving points oozed a viscous, purplish
  liquid.  
Some of the venom dripped from the beast's mouth onto Satyra's flat belly.
  Instantly the spot where it landed flared with stinging pain, as if she had
  been stung by not one but a dozen angry wasps. Satyra gasped and again tried
  to squirm free, but the multitude of serpents wrapped tight around her held
  her fast. Then another snake slithered around her throat and drew its coiled
  tight, so that her head was forced up and back and she could no longer see
  what the monsters were doing with her helpless young body.  
***  
Watching from the pool Sadiste screened out the low growls and the sounds
  of diligent slurping behind her as Satyra ay helpless among the slithering
  ones.  
Their prey immobilized, the serpents took their time and inspected the curvaceous
  meat trapped before them. The woman's warm body made them more active as its
  heat rose through the thin soft flesh of the woman and was absorbed by their
  own reptilian forms. They pulled their loops tighter, biting into her flesh
  a little with their abrasive scales and enjoying, in their primordial way,
  the feel of the she-creature wriggling in their clutches. Unlike common animals
  they were not merely motivated by hunger. Creatures of the Underworld, like
  all their kind they consumed, not on meat or drink, but the anguish, fear and
  suffering of their victims.  
Sadiste smiled and let her own hand travel around the curve of her breast
  as Zaraeth had done. She flicked her nipple, teasing it to hardness. The demoness
  knew well the true nature of the creatures binding Satyra, and was very much
  looking forward to the lovely Chevaan learning of it to.  
***  
Satyra struggled for breath as the snake around her throat tightened its
  hold. She could feel the reptile's muscles undulating across her smooth skin
  as they held her in their grip.  
Abruptly, one of the creature's heads loomed up before her, only inches form
  her own face. The cold eyes stared into her own, showing not the least sign
  of compassions; only a greedy hunger. The snake opened its mouth and hissed
  at her, its breath foul in her face. The long pallid tongue flicked out and
  caressed her cheek as she tried to pull back from the monsters.  
The snake dipped its head again, and Satyra fought with all her strength
  to follow its progress at is moved down her body. It hovered near her breast
  and she fought to keep form crying out in frustration. Then in moved lower,
  past the hissing heads of its counterparts, until it was level with her thighs
  where they were being held apart.  
Satyra drew in a shuddering breath. The creature paused, venom dripping from
  its jaws.  
The woman closed her eyes.  
With a lightning move the serpent lunged forward, mouth agape sink its fangs
  into the flesh on either side of the woman's leg.  
Satyra gave a gurgling scream as the serpent's teeth punctured her skin,
  the powerful jaws of the beast driving them deep into her thigh it enclosed
  her leg in a vice like grip. The sting of the sharp teeth was almost instantly
  replaced by the hot burning anguish of the monster's venom being pumped into
  the wound. She screamed again, louder this time, and her body stiffened in
  the grip of the other snakes. The acid touch on her belly earlier had been
  as nothing compared to the feel of having the toxic liquid injected into her
  veins, filling her whole leg with a terrible, searing agony. She bucked in
  the serpents' grip, pain lending her fresh strength, while the beasts hissed
  as if in appreciation of her renewed efforts to resist them.  
Satyra closed her eyes tight and clenched her teeth a pain in her leg grew
  and grew. It felt as if molten iron had been poured inside her, setting a fire
  in her flesh that left her twisting helplessly in the grasp of the serpents.
  The pain ran down past her knee, through her calf and down to her toes, making
  the muscles cramp and seize. It flowed up to her hip and suffused the joints
  with its terrible heat. It spread beyond her hips, through her pelvis&hellip;  
Suddenly Satrya's eyes flew wide again, a look of sudden awareness and terrible
  fear on her lovely face. Where the venom touched the intimate regions between
  her legs, the pain became even more agonizing. But worse, the awful heat that
  seemed to suddenly erupt between her legs filled the nerves of that most sensitive
  flesh with such stimulation that she felt her vagina clench tight, spasming
  as the muscles in her legs had done, but much more terribly. For the anguish
  of this contraction was mixed by some vile means with a kind of horrible pleasure.
  The hot tense excitement that the priestess had known since the first nights
  when she lay in her bed touching her changing teenage body, discovering its
  areas of arousal and blooming sexuality, was now amplified horrifically by
  the pain of the serpents venom entering her from within, boiling the blood
  in her labia, her cleft, her cervix.  
Her clit.  
As the disgusting liquid brushed the nerve centre of her sex with its awful
  kiss Satyra gave a terrible moaning scream, her whole beautiful body heaving
  in the snakes folds as she was carried away on a wave of pleasure that was
  pain. She convulsed powerfully, her red mouth open wide and stars exploding
  behind the long lashes of eyes as the energy of her torturous climax released
  itself.  
As her back arched and her limbs quivered and stiffened, the serpents about
  her reacted as well, hissing loudly and fighting to tighten their grip. To
  the fiery explosion within her sex Satyra felt added the bone grinding grip
  of the reptiles as they coiled more closely around her, so tightly that she
  it felt as if she were being squeezed to death in bands of living steel. The
  pressure on her chest and ribs became a crushing force, her innards feeling
  as if they were being slowly squashed. The muscles of her arms and legs were
  ground mercilessly against the harder bone beneath. Her tender breasts were
  twisted and mauled by the snake's bodies across them pulling tighter, dragging
  the fleshy mounds with them as they simultaneously wrenched and crushed them.
  The demonic beast wrapped about her loins increased the pressure of its hold
  until it seemed her pelvis would shatter.  
Abruptly, like a candle being doused, the orgasm wracking her body stopped.
  Satyra went limp in the snakes' coils, eyes fluttering and feeling utterly
  spent. She panted softly, trying to suck air into her lungs.  
But though she no longer writhed in the throes of agony and delight, the
  serpents about her showed no inclination to loosen their grip. Their scaled
  bodies did not close any further about her, but neither did they relax back
  to their former position. As Satyra slowly fought to regain her senses after
  her ordeal she became aware of the awful, crushing force of the creatures,
  and how much harder it was now just to breath. The pressure on her abdomen
  made her feel sick, nauseous, and her ribs felt as if some might have been
  cracked during her struggles. The blood seemed to thunder in the vessels of
  the twisted fleshy peaks of her breasts.  
Satyra let her head fall back, red hair sweeping the stone floor as she slowly
  became aware of the full terror of her hostess' plan.  
***  
'She understands,' said Sadiste, to no one in particular. The frantic sounds
  in the shadow behind her and the increased temp of the gurgling growls told
  her that the sight of Satyra's first pain filled climax had left the other
  watchers temporarily distracted.  
Sadiste fondled her own breasts as she paid close attention to Satyra's bosom
  being mauled by the snakes. She knew by now that the clever young priestess
  was figuring out the full nature of her serpentine tormentors. The snakes venom
  brought terrible, poisonous agony, it was true, but also stimulated the sensual
  areas of their victims to the point of explosive sexual release; a pain-gasm,
  as it were. But the movements of the victim during such a release would cause
  the snakes to tighten their grip. Every time Satyra was made to cum, the snakes
  would crush her harder within their coils. The death of these creatures' victims
  would be as lingering and agonizing as it was humiliating.  
Sadiste continued to watch the unfolding drama in the cavern and allowed
  herself the pleasure of letting her hand stray down beneath her loin-cloth,
  rubbing herself softly. She knew the rubbing against Satyra's copper haired
  pussy would be much less pleasant.  
***  
Amid the coils of the serpents Satyra fought to maintain her composure as
  she felt one of the reptile's heads moving again, the icy tongue flicking across
  her skin as it moved about her body. She knew that matter what happened, she
  must not allow herself to move and increase the snakes' constriction any further.  
Another woman might have reasoned that it would be better, or least less
  painful, to move and encourage the monsters to end her suffering quickly. But
  Satyra was a Chevaan. While she might not have been a warrior of that sisterhood,
  as Conine was, she lacked none of their proud spirit or courage. Even in the
  face of certain death she would not easily give in to despair. Like all her
  sisters she would resist with every ounce of her strength and willpower.  
The creature moved languidly down around her thigh, nuzzling the angry red
  punctures where its companion's fangs had bitten deep. It did not linger there,
  however, as if keen to inflict pain on some new and un-tasted part of its gorgeous
  victim. It circled around, hissing softly, coming up behind the bronze skinned
  priestess.  
Satyra felt the evil tongue dancing across the sensitive cleft in her buttocks
  and closed her eyes in dreadful anticipation.  
The strike was quick and brutal, as before, the shifting of the demonic reptile's
  weight providing only a split second warning. Then the jaws were clamped about
  the curve of ass cheek as the beasts teeth were driven powerfully into her
  rump.  
Satyra stiffened instinctively and clamped her teeth around a scream, but
  held herself rock steady as she felt the scorching venom fill her ass with
  fire. She groaned as the heat raced within her mortal flesh, making it feel
  as though her firm behind had been scourge with metal barbs and doused with
  salt. The pain spread through her lower body, and she let out a whimpering
  sob as she felt it reach the sensitive spot between her anus and the lower
  extremity of her vagina. She trembled with the effort of staying unmoving as
  the flames in her flesh reached that most vulnerable area again, this time
  circulating up from below, first through her outer lips, then penetrating within.
  She bit her lip and held her breath as once more the hellish fire ignited within
  her tenderness, suffusing her with yet another pain-filled climax. For over
  a minute she groaned and sobbed through the awful pleasure that tortured her
  body, every muscle rigid as she held her sweaty form immobile.  
Then the pain/pleasure was gone, leaving her again drained. She made herself
  breath and relaxed slowly. The venom had spent its fury, but the serpents had
  not tightened their clutch.  
About her she felt the snakes shifting their grip, and hissing to one another.
  She opened her eyes and saw several of the beasts had moved their heads to
  inspect her lovely face. She met their evil gaze levelly and without fear.  
Her defiance seemed to goad the monsters, and they made sounds of anger and
  frustration. One darted forward and she pulled back instinctively as it stopped
  within an inch of her face, jaws wide and threatening.  
 The snake hovered there, staring into her eyes, then slowly moved back.
  It stared at her a moment longer, then raised itself up. Satyra could feel
  the muscles of its body flexing and undulating against her back and stomach
  to support its shifting weight.  
The creature reared back further still and plunged forward, sinking its teeth
  into her shoulder.  
***  
Watching in the pool Sadiste felt the breath tighten in her chest as the
  serpent pumped its venom into Satyra's helpless body. She could see the pain
  in the lovely red-heads face and in the way her body trembled with the exertion
  on holding herself steady during the anguish of the poison flooding into her.  
Satyra's mouth opened in another moan of pain, and the demoness quickened
  the movements of her fingers inside her pussy. She did not have the handsome
  Roman stud to fuck her now [she did not even permit herself to consider the
  idea of sharing the massive organ in the shadows behind her with that little
  slut Zaraeth] but the fact that she was watching the real violation of the
  busty young satyr-woman, and not some little man's fantasy, more than compensated
  for the lack of a cock to ride. Sadiste knew her body with millennia of experience
  and her fingers moved with deft surety within her quim, tickling and teasing.  
With a wave of her free hand the demoness directed the pool to reveal to
  her the sobbing victims beautiful face. The look of pain etched on those lovely
  features between the two curling ivory horns made Sadiste pant with lust. She
  moved her fingers more quickly as that look transformed from agony to suppressed
  pleasure as the flaming liquid of the poison again made its way down into the
  priestesses own vagina, burrowing its way into her womanhood like lava melting
  though rock.  
Sadiste's own pussy hummed with joy as she watched the play emotions across
  the priestess face. Pain, of course, and it had to be said that Satyra's natural
  exotic beauty became transcendent as she suffered, her large luminous eyes
  and full lips made brighter and more exquisite as they communicated the woman's
  anguish. But also mixed with the pain was the anger of her violation, the frustration
  laced with despair at her helplessness. The look of shame as the pain turned
  to unwanted sexual stimulation, the further anguish and growing desperation
  as she fought to deny the urges boiling in the depths of her femininity, radiating
  through her in waves. Watching the snakes twined about her, biting her, crushing
  her; these would show Sadiste the abuse of Satyra's legs, her full body, her
  round heavy breasts, her tender young slit. Watching her face allowed the demoness
  to pleasure herself with the rape of the girl soul.  
In the pool Satyra's face showed the explosive moment of her climax, mouth
  open in a soundless cry as the agony washed through her. Sadiste's finger found
  her own clit and pinched it, rolling and bobbing gently on her haunches while
  feeling the blaze of her own orgasm. She kept her eyes glued to the image of
  Satyra's face staring out of the pool, eyelids fluttering as she came back
  to full awareness.  
More growls and moans behind her told the demoness she was not alone in enjoying
  the captive Chevaan's latest cumming. She rode her own climax out and then
  smiled in satisfaction as she watched the spectacle in the pool continue; she
  knew that for both her and Satyra the next sexual crescendo would not be long
  in arriving.  
***  
Satyra felt the explosion in her loins fade and took a long sobbing breath.
  She hung almost completely exhausted in the twisting reptilian mass, feeling
  bruised and sticky with sweat. She wondered how long she would be able to hold
  out against the acid torture of the snake's venom. She felt at the end of her
  strength, barely able to open her eyes.  
The creatures holding her had no intention of giving her time to recover.
  No sooner had the animal biting her shoulder disengage than another whose body
  wrapped around her midriff bit savagely at her side, the teeth gouging the
  abdominal oblique muscle that ran between her hips and lower rib-cage. Straight
  away the young woman was awash with the fiery sensation of the venom being
  injected, and her body tensed, trying to express its torment in movement while
  her will desperately sought to hold her body unmoving, knowing the crushing
  death that awaited her if she failed. Once again the poison made its way to
  her nether regions, filling her with excruciating heat, making her cum.  
'Aaaahhh&hellip;.goddess, no&hellip;.no.' the words bubbled from her lips
  as she was ravaged by the climax, her mind ablaze with the sweet torture in
  her sex. She cried out again, a long wail of hopelessness as her strength ebbed
  further still, her resole cracking under the onslaught.  
The snakes must have sensed her tiring too, for they squirmed in anticipation,
  not crushing her further but twisting her body as they held her in their knotted
  mass. Their movement stretched her limbs wide akimbo and bent her back at the
  waist so that her belly and innards were stretched taught while her squashed
  tit-flesh was thrust upward.  
Satyra sobbed in defeat, opening her eyes to stare at the demon reptile glaring
  down at her. One of the snakes enfolding her chest moved so that her left tit
  was exposed, the pink nubbin made firm by the pressure around the boob. The
  snake's tongue lapped at that tender button as it took aim.  
'Oh, no, please,' sobbed the red haired priestess. Her green eyes were wide
  with horror. 'No.'  
The snakes hiss was like a cruel laugh as it plunged down, biting into her
  full tit savagely.  
'AAAAAAIIIIIIEEEEEE!' The scream burst form her lips as her breast was filled
  with molten agony. Her young tit was aflame, the firm flesh ripped apart by
  the toxin pumping into it. The pain slammed into her mind like a ball of white
  fire, burning away everything except the need to scream.  
Satyra howled until she was hoarse with pain, struggling futilely to hold
  herself still. It was useless. The acid inside her mauled boob-crest left her
  bucking and heaving. She felt the serpents tightening about her but there was
  nothing she could do. The pain was overwhelming in that sensitive woman-flesh
  as the animals long jaws crushed the breast like a steel vice.  
Even as she gibbered and screamed the venom flowed down inside her body and
  found her centre as before, the fire spreading to her pelvis and then the space
  between her legs.  
Satyra's shriek became a mindless thing as the venom raced into her copper-crested
  pussy and set off a sexplosion inside her. She twisted violently in the snakes
  grasp as they made their grip ever tighter, the bones of her ribs feeling like
  they would implode at any moment. Her back was arched so far by pain and snakes
  that it seemed the vertebrae must shatter.  
Satyra shook her head so that her red mane flew about her like a leaping
  fire and sobbed brokenly. The snake on her tit bit harder, pumping more poison
  into the abused flesh. 'No, damn you. DAMN YOU!!! ARRRGGGHHHH!!!!' The pain
  raced through her again, and again she came hard, reduced to unthinking thing
  of sex and suffering. Her pelvis pumped hard against the snakes' coils between
  her legs, seeking any means to express the fuck-fire burning in her quim. She
  hauled against the grip of the serpents, succeeding only in wrenching one shoulder
  loose form its socket. She howled again and again while the coiling devils
  pulled her limbs into unnatural shaped, twisting the bones and ligaments to
  breaking point.  
Satyra felt the hot blood flowing down the curve of her tit as the monster
  ripped at the flesh with its teeth. Others were doing likewise now, mauling
  her wrist and legs, pushing more venom into her. Her heart was like a wild
  bull thundering inside her chest and her head felt like it would burst from
  the pressure behind her eyes, and Satyra knew that at any moment she would
  die. Die in pain, and in disgrace, fucking herself to death while the demons
  holding her ripped her apart, eating her alive. Tears flowed in rivers from
  her wide staring eyes as she screamed over and over, praying for death to claim
  her.  
Her body was suddenly twisted violently forward so she doubled at the waist,
  staring down at her lap. The largest reptile was poised in front of her crotch
  where her legs had been haled back past 90 degrees, leaving her pink pussy
  splayed and open.  
***  
In the pool the Chevaan's eyes flew wide as the serpent darted forward, biting
  her cunt.  
Sadiste screamed out loud herself as Satyra screeched inhumanely, the snake's
  teeth mauling her labia. The reptile flicked the punctured meat apart and delved
  deeper, using its fangs of that long mouth on the inner lips while its tongue
  raced into the girl's fuck-channel.  
Satyra's muffled screams mingled with those of her audience as Sadiste fucked
  herself frantically, her hand a blur of movement in around her red pussy. She
  kneeled over the pool supporting herself with one arm while she watched the
  bestial rape of the gorgeous prisoner. In the image, Satyra was writhing in
  sexual abandon as the venom made her reveal her pain in the most erotic and
  dehumanizing way possible, climaxing over and over while she was brutally violated
  and tortured. For two minutes the image of the gorgeous Chevaan showed her
  exquisite body contorting in the grasp of the reptiles as they squeezed and
  stretched and tore at her with their fangs. Her body bucked up and down like
  that of wild mare being broken by its captors, and her bloodied tits danced
  on either side of the coils grinding them into meat. The snakes' fangs pierced
  her arms, long legs, ass and feet. The venom flowing through her made the woman
  scream until her mind could no longer endure the pain and sex-energy ripping
  though it.  
Then she collapsed, motionless. The snakes let her fall from their coils,
  her lovely body covered in bruises and blood from the hideous bite marks covering
  her from the neck down.  
Sadiste allowed her won hand to slow, trembling and opening her eyes slowly.
  She saw Zaraeth stepping around from behind her and falling to her knees a
  short way off, her face and lower body slick with a thick, noisome fluid. The
  blue demoness looked almost as physically spent as the prisoner in the imaging
  pool.  
'Does she live,' came the rumbling question from the shadows. If the speaker
  was in any way spent by his exertions while watching the testing, it didn't
  revel itself in his voice.  
Sadiste blinked nervously as she caused the pool to draw closer to the face
  of the Chevaan prisoner. The snakes hovered about her, but knew to let the
  woman be until their masters decided whether or not they would truly feed.  
For an anxious moment Sadiste studied the priestess intently. Finally she
  smiled triumphantly and announced, 'She lives.'  
Zaraeth raised her head to stare at Sadiste in disbelief, and even the red
  demoness had to admit she was surprised. The testing had been particularly
  brutal, and Sadiste knew no ordinary mortal woman, not even a physical paragon
  like the warrior Conine, could have survived such treatment. The look in Zaraeth's
  eyes told Sadiste all she needed to know about the source of the serpents'
  savagery, and she swore she would have her revenge for the threat to her plans
  soon. Outwardly though, she merely smiled smugly and stood to turn towards
  her master, eyes downcast.  
'What is thy bidding, my master,' she asked as she had before, but her voice
  now carried a note of victory.  
'See to her injuries and have her properly prepared,' came the reply. In
  the void-black shadows, the two red eyes blazed suddenly. 'Then bring her to
  me.'  
Part IV  
Formal Reception  
Satyra writhed in agony as the flames lapped over her naked body, running
  in searing sheets over the exposed flesh of her legs and buttocks, up over
  her midriff, around the puckered cleft of her womanhood, over the full swell
  of her breasts that expanded mightily as she sucked in air to give another
  animal scream of pain.  
Positioned thigh deep in the burning liquid of the great golden bowl the
  priestess stood with her arms pinioned behind her, her legs spaced generously
  by the shackled about her feet that were anchored to the base of the cauldron.
  The fiery liquid within bubbled and hissed as flames ran over its molten surface,
  questing around her legs and then sorcerously climbing like serpents of fire,
  causing patches of her smooth sun bronzed skin to burst into flames like the
  flesh of some beast being roasted on a spit above the cooking fire.  
Satyra struggled with all the strength of her half-satyr heritage, strength
  that would have shamed many a mortal warrior, but her shackles held her firm.
  Escape was impossible; all she could do was somehow hope to endure the awful
  pain.  
The flames died for a moment and she cast her tear-glazed eyes down over
  her body. Between her legs she could see the vile contents of the bowl simmering
  less than a foot from her exposed labia. The pain from her legs where they
  were fully immersed in the molten broth was such that it seemed the flesh must
  be dissolving off her bones, peeling away in great chunks and joining the noxious
  contents. It was not of course; that was the whole point of this sadistic initiation
  to the Underworld.  
Behind her Satyra sensed the looming presence of her would-be master, eyes
  devouring the torment of her tender body. She trembled and struggled anew,
  feeling a new surge in the activity of the boiling mass she was confined in.
  Large bubbles rose to the surface and burst volcanically, showering her with
  liquid fire. Some landed on her cheek, some amid her flaming red hair near
  the rams-horns of her forest&ndash;spirit heritage. A huge glob of the stuff
  spattered against the top of her right breast, sitting on the curving flesh
  and burning, filling the fleshy orb with new torment as Satyra screamed in
  pain and in horror and in prayer to the goddess that this torture would end.  
It didn't.  
Some time earlier&hellip;   
The red haired priestess woke in another cavern, larger than the one with
  the serpents and darker. Consciousness came painfully, and she groaned as she
  opened her eyes. Every part of her body felt as if it had been pummeled and
  wrenched. She lay on her back and breathed in long slow breaths that did not
  cause too much pain to her tortured ribs.  
After a time Satyra rose, clambering slowly and carefully to a sitting position.
  Her naked body bore the bruises and bites of her encounter with the serpents,
  the former dark purple mixed with patches of yellow, the latter angry red wounds
  crusted with dried blood. Her breasts were swollen beyond even their normal
  impressive size, and felt heavy and sore; their curved surface a patchwork
  of dark splotches where the coils had brutally squeezed the tender flesh. The
  space between her long legs was a constant throbbing ache where the wicked
  coils had ground the soft mound of her pubis against the pelvic bone beneath.  
Sitting with her head on her knees and fighting exhaustion and nausea, Satyra
  closed her eyes and summoned her strength. Her tumbling mane of red hair hid
  her face, but every aspect of her posture spoke of a woman who had been tested
  to the limits of her physical endurance.  
And she had barely even arrived.  
With a groan the Chevaan moved to get to her feet. She put out one arm to
  steady herself against the wall, and no sooner had put weight on the limb than
  she screamed and fell back to the floor, clutching at her still dislocated
  shoulder. She struck the twisted joint again as she fell and was straight away
  blind with pain. She rolled slowly to her other side, face twisted in anguish,
  the nausea overcoming her as she dry-retched on the stone floor.  
When her gagging coughs had subsided she rolled back onto her back and lay
  with her eyes closed again. Her whole body assaulted her with its messages
  of pain.  
Noises of someone approaching brought her back to awareness. She opened her
  emerald eyes and stared over at the wall as part of it swung back and away,
  admitting two new arrivals' to her prisons.  
The creatures were vaguely humanoid, walking upright on two think legs, but
  they had long feet with curving claws, and padded forward on their toes, so
  that their heels never touched the ground. Their legs, like their whole body,
  were covered in leathery skin that glistened wetly in the red light of the
  cavern. They leaned forward from the hips, their weight balanced by long reptilian
  tails that stood out behind them, hovering above the floor and moving back
  and forth as they shifted from one foot to the other as they walked. Above
  the waist they were man-like, with powerful torsos and chests to which were
  attached at their broad shoulders arms rippling with muscles like knots of
  cables beneath the dark flesh. Their faces were bestial to look upon, one with
  narrow features and evil slanting eyes, the other like a type of human toad,
  with sagging cheeks and a wide flat nose. Their ears were wickedly pointed,
  and each had a set of short dirty ivory horns protruding from their foreheads.
  They had neither hair nor clothes, and between their legs swung their prodigious
  male organs, six inches long as they hung flaccid, bobbing gently as the creatures
  moved forward.  
Demons.  
Satyra watched the pair pad across the floor, the talons on their feet clicking
  against the stone. As they came to stand over her she pulled herself painfully
  back against the wall, staring up at them as they leered at her nude form.
  Each carried a crude spear in one hand that seemed to be made from a single
  piece of some dark mettle, heavily corroded and barbed at one end, and these
  weapons moved ominously in her direction as she lay before them.  
'Hello meat,' said the narrow faced creature. His voice was thin and rasping.
  He smiled, showing a mouth full of teeth like small scimitars. 'Ready for some
  more fun?'  
Satyra said nothing but tried to meet the demon's leering gaze as defiantly
  as she could. The demons chuckled and looked over at his toad faced companion.
  'She's supposed to be a real choice morsel, this one.' He looked back at Satyra
  and used his free hand to stroke his male organ, teasing it to semi-hardness.
  'I've waited a long time to dig out some mortal pussy with this shovel,' he
  went on, indicating his stiffening phallus; he gave a laugh like the sound
  of breaking glass and kept his eyes fixed meaningfully on the space below Satyra's
  belly as she kept her legs held tightly together.  
'And you'll wait longer yet, Vhyl' came a feminine voice in reply. The demons
  turned as Sadiste entered the chamber. Despite herself Satyra felt a surge
  of relief at the she-devil's words. The demon called Vhyl had coached his organ
  to a prodigious size, at least nine inches long and of significant girth, and
  the ram-horned Chevaan had no illusions about the abuse that jutting member
  would inflict on her womanhood.  
'Sadiste,' snarled the thin demon, turning to face her. He made the name
  sound like a curse. 'Still strutting about thinking you can command your betters?
  When will you realize your place, little whore &ndash; on your back with you
  legs around your ears?' The toad demon guffawed in support of his companion.  
Sadiste never lost her smile, but stepped forward there was less than a foot
  separating her from Vhyl. One of the red skinned woman's hands curled around
  the back of the tall male devil's neck, while the other reached out and stroked
  the length of his still hard shaft. 'Poor Vhyl,' she cooed, running her fingers
  along the length of his cock so that it quivered with excitement as its owner
  growled low and deep. 'Such a big hard dick, and no chance of a fuck.' She
  giggled coquettishly. 'No wonder you're so surly.'  
Vhyl stared down at the gorgeous she devil and moved his spear so that it
  prodded her gently between her firm bare breasts. 'One day, my pretty slut,
  I'll use this cock to rape your arrogant cunt until it bleeds,' he whispered
  with a smile.  
'I look forward to it,' replied Sadiste with a like grin, then stepped past
  him with a last taunting flick of her fingers against his rampant penis.  
Sadiste moved to stand in front of the exhausted Chevaan priestess, between
  Satyra and the demons. 'Well, my dear,' the red-skinned she devil said softly.
  She leaned over to inspect Satyra's injuries, framing her breasts between her
  arms while she teased the creatures behind her by thrusting her peach-shaped
  ass towards them. 'You've been keeping busy, I see.'  
Satyra said nothing but glared up at the demoness.  
'No welcome for your hostess,' said Sadiste in mock disappointment. 'Never
  mind. You'll find that we at least know how to provide a proper welcome.' She
  stood and turned quickly, holding out her hand. There was a small flash of
  flame and a set of crude iron manacles appeared in her hand. Sadiste tossed
  them to the toad faced demon. 'Put these on her, and bring her with us.'  
The toad face creature scowled and his tail whipped from side to side. 'Why
  Fylth do what you say,' he growled.  
Sadiste smiled even more beautifully and stepped over to stand in front of
  the squat demon warrior. 'Because,' she said in a voice like honey,' I'm asking
  so nicely.' She took a long slow breath and Fylth watched her breasts rise
  and fall hypnotically.  
Suddenly while the demon stood entranced by her gorgeous tits Sadiste's hand
  flashed out, seizing his balls in her taloned grip. Fylth grunted and his eyes
  went wide. 'And,' hissed Sadiste, 'because if you don't our master will gouge
  out your putrefying testicles with a spoon and let me wear them as earrings.'
  She gave Fylth's balls a final brutal twist and then released him so that her
  stumbled back, grasping his bleeding scrotum.  
Vhyl chuckled as Sadiste stepped out of the chamber. Slowly Fylth rose and
  staggered over to the prostrate Satyra. She tried to move, but in her weakened
  state she was no match for the demons speed and strength, even with him still
  using one hand to clutch his wounded genitals. He flipped her onto her belly
  and yanked her arms behind her, pulling her elbows together and making her
  cry out in pain. One of his feet held her down against the rough stone floor
  while they manacled her arms, then hauled her roughly to her feet. Satyra screamed
  again as her weight was lifted by her dislocated shoulder, and this time both
  demons laughed out loud.  
Following Sadiste the demonic pair led the wincing Satyra out of the cave
  and into a winding tunnel. Heat and a sulphurous stench assailed the prisoner,
  and the air throbbed in her ears. A dull, unending rumble permeated the underground
  labyrinth through which the red-head Chevaan was led, a sound so powerful that
  it was not heard so much as felt. If Satyra had possessed knowledge of the
  great smithying houses in which the arms and armor of Rome were turned out
  she would have thought is similar to that, but magnified beyond any mortal
  effort.  
As she was dragged stumbling by her shackled hands through the orange lit
  tunnel Satyra watched the hips of Sadiste swaying insolently in front of her
  and remembered the demoness' promise that she would join the ranks of the Underworld
  willingly. Already her body was a cacophony of tormented bone, muscle and sinew,
  and her time in this pit of despair had barely begun. Satyra knew her stamina
  exceeded that of any of her sisters, but now for the first time she prayed
  that her more than human abilities would be insufficient for the trials ahead.
  Not because she wished to surrender to the hellion strutting along ahead of
  her, but because she hoped that if all else failed, death would claim her before
  she succumbed to the torments of the damned.  
As she staggered forward she felt a clawed hand on her backside propelling
  her forward, but also closing about the firm round muscle of hr ass cheek.
  Glancing up she saw the stout creature Fylth leering down at her and licking
  his lips as his hand squeezed her ass painfully. His gaze strayed up to her
  full breasts bouncing provocatively as she was hauled along and a thick line
  of drool dripped from the corner of his wide mouth. Satyra made a face of disgust
  and looked forward again.  
Sadiste turned a corner and abruptly stepped out into an open space. A heartbeat
  later Satyra followed flanked by her escort and then stopped, her eyes and
  mouth wide at the sight before her.  
The cavern she was in was immense, its existence a mockery of physical engineering
  principles that limited the scope of human construction. The walls roe up to
  an unguessable height, merging at some point with the stone roof but so far
  distant from the chambers floor that Satyra's eyes could make no gauge of the
  actual distance. Vertigo assailed her as she stared upwards, and she forced
  her eyes lower to fight off the sick dizziness. About her the stone base of
  the space stretched out, it's further limits masked by shadows. The dark patches
  danced in the flickering red light of hundreds of fires rising from the broken
  ground, some no bigger than candle flames, others emanating from fissures or
  craters a dozen feet across. In the illumination of those flames the cave was
  bathed in shifting hues of yellow, orange, or blood red.  
But it was not the sights that were most disturbing; it was the sounds. From
  al around Sadiste came the pitiful, tortured screams of people in unspeakable
  pain. The echo of their wailing cries rose and fell like the tune of some demented
  orchestra but it never ceased. In the nearer walls Satyra could make out alcoves
  masked by more shadows, within which could just be made out the shifting shapes
  of men and women and other beings twisted and bestial who gibbered and laughed
  as the humans in their midst howled like animals and twisted themselves into
  shapes the human body had never evolved to mimic.  
Satyra stood dumbstruck taking in the spectacle of suffering about her. Sadiste
  turned and observed the mute horror on her prisoners face, and smiled sadistically.
  'Come my dear,' she purred, 'I can see you are eager to begin your initiation.'  
A rough yank by Vhyl on her dislocated shoulder brought Satyra back to her
  surroundings with a shriek of her own, and the trio of Underworlders led her
  forward across the chamber. Not far away stood a huge pillar bracing an overhang
  from the cavern wall, its base concealed by more shadowy gloom.  
The demons marched Satyra t within twenty feet of the pillar and halted,
  Sadiste in front, the others just behind the Chevaan to either side. The pillar
  was about forty feet across at the base, and the darkness seemed to cling to
  it like a poisonous growth. Vhyl and Fylth pushed Satyra to her knees before
  a small flaming pool in the floor. The priestess could sense a presence in
  the murk in front of her, and found herself trembling slightly. She cursed
  herself for her fear, but could not control the quivering in her limbs.  
'Milord Vulgus,' intoned Sadiste, bowing reverently before the shadows, 'an
  offering I bring thee, from the lands of flesh.' Sadiste reached back and cupped
  Satrya's lovely, besmirched face in her clawed hand. 'Wilt thou not welcome
  her?'  
Satyra struggled to pull herself free of Sadiste's grip, but froze as in
  the blackness two red points of light blazed suddenly to life, their light
  playing over her. A laugh like fall of great stones made the fires about the
  priestess flutter.  
'Well done, my whore,' came the reply from the shadows, the voice deep and
  thick with malevolence. 'Let her see us in our glory and learn the true meaning
  of fear.'  
Without warning the fires on all sides blazed up, stinging Satyra's naked
  skin with the heat. She winced as the glare of the fires ripped away the concealing
  darkness like torn black cloth, revealing the being within as for the second
  time Satyra stared transfixed with amazement and horror.  
The creature Vulgus sat on a throne that appeared to have been carved from
  an outthrust spur of the great stone pillar. His arms and torso were like that
  of a man, but more powerfully built than any man Satyra had ever seen; every
  ridge and nuance of his rippling musculature seemed to be visibly beneath skin
  as red as the demoness Sadiste's. Set between the thick shoulders his head
  and facial features were roughly humanoid, but bestial, with a broad face with
  high cheekbones, a short wide nose, and thick dark brows beneath a broad forehead.
  From that forehead sprang two thick black horns that curled back about the
  side of Vulgus' head and then flared out like those of a wild bull, while his
  hair was a shaggy mane that fell to either side of his face and down his huge
  back. His eyes, which bored into Satyra's own, were a like two fiery coals,
  and his grinning mouth was filled with razor teeth that showed as his studied
  the girl kneeling before him. Looking up Satyra struggled to come to terms
  not just with Vulgus' overwhelming physicality, but his sheer size. Even sitting
  thus he rose in height to almost twice that of a man.  
Below the waist, any resemblance to humanity in the lord of Hell ceased.
  His legs were like those of a goat, ironically not unlike Satrya's own wood-spirit
  father, covered in thick curling black hair that glistened in the light of
  the many fires. His feet that rested widespread on the floor were two cloven
  hooves that shone wetly like dark iron. Another demoness with curling hair
  and blue skin stood between those splayed limbs, her head level with the demon
  lord's navel, diligently attending Vulgus' most eye-catching feature.  
Nestled in the mat of dark hair that covered him from the waist, the demon's
  giant male organ was huge, oversized even in his already giant form. The girth
  of the phallus was that of a man's leg. The blue demoness, as she used her
  tongue to lave at its red skin, used both her hands to support its semi-erect
  weight, and still her fingers wrapped around its girth failed to meet. The
  enormous penis oozed thick, noisome fluid from its tip that the she-demon lovingly
  lapped up, licking the residue from her lips and chin as her hands moved up
  and down the four foot shaft. Satyra could only stare hypnotized by the cock
  being tended in front of her, struck dumb by its power. In her mind she tried
  to imagine what that organ would look like fully engorged, and reeled in horror
  at the awful damage it would do as it tried to penetrate her to small form,
  shattering her pelvis, tearing her apart with its massiveness.  
'Greetings, little witch of the Chevaan,' rumbled Vulgus in his volcanic
  tones. The blue demoness continued her work on his cock which stiffened a little
  as he looked over the bruises and bites on her naked body. 'I trust you are
  enjoying our humble abode.'  
The monster's mocking tone as he enjoyed the evidence of her defilement sparked
  a flare of anger in Satyra, and she wrenched herself free of Sadiste and straightened
  her back, meeting the hell-lord's stare brazenly. The blue demoness looked
  up at her as she sucked at the head of Vulgus' cock and smiled at the Chevaan.  
Vulgus himself stared back into the priestess' green eyes for a dozen heartbeats,
  then chuckled evilly. 'Oh, I like the slut,' he said to Sadiste, who nodded
  her head deferentially. 'She will be a fine addition to our ranks, all spirit
  and big tits and nice tight pussy. You should come up with something special
  to tame this one.'  
'I will die before I swear service to scum such as you,' Satyra said boldly,
  and her heart trembled in her chest as she thought of the consequences of angering
  this huge creature. But the consequences of allowing herself to be turned were
  even more terrifying, and given the choice, between falling prey to Vulgus'
  depredations and goading him dealing her a swift and violent death&hellip;  
Vulgus, however, showed no inclination to be baited by her defiance. Instead
  her threw back his maned head and laughed so that the rocks about the demons
  and Satyra shook and rattled.  
'No, little witch-whore,' Vulgus said as he brought his eyes back down to
  rest on the prisoner. 'Death will not find you in this realm, and you have
  no hope of that sweet release. Our sport here would be poor indeed of our guests
  died during our ministrations. Your suffering will be without surcease, until
  you pledge service to me.'  
'If Sadiste can do what she says,' chimed I the blue demoness, glancing up
  lovingly at her master from her licking of his shaft. 'Another session like
  that with the serpents and her firm body will be good for little besides food
  for milord's hounds.'  
Sadiste watched Vulgus glance down at Zaraeth and pat her head roughly as
  she sucked him, and narrowed her eyes. The insolent look in the blue skank's
  gaze had told Sadiste all she needed to know about the unexpected savagery
  of the serpents during Satyra's testing. You little cunt,  she
  thought, though she was also somewhat impressed that a cock-slave like Zaraeth
  could come up with something so subtle. She tossed back her black hair and
  sized Satyra by her red tresses, staring down in her angry green eyes. 'Perhaps
  we should demonstrate to our new sister the nature of her imprisonment.'  
Vulgus stroked his chin and continued patting Zaraeth's curly head. He smiled
  wickedly at Sadiste. 'And would you be willing to undertake such a chore, dear
  Sadiste,' he asked in a low voice. Nearby Sadiste sensed the two demon warriors
  tense suddenly as they sniffed the chance for sport with the demoness who had
  recently humiliated them. She could imagine their eagerness to repay her and
  railed inwardly at the thought of their leering visages as they had their way
  with her, while Zaraeth stood by gloating no less, but she only said, 'I exist
  only for my lord's will.'  
'Yes, you do,' Vulgus replied, and Vhyl and Fylth shifted in anticipation.
  One of Vulgus fingers traced the outline of Zaraeth's horns as he sat considering.
  'A demon  -stration then,' he chuckled. Zaraeth looked
  over at Sadiste and grinned in triumph.  
Abruptly Vulgus seized one of Zaraeth's horns and hurled her to the stone
  floor. The blue demoness fell heavily and cried out, her head whipping around
  to stare in horror at her master, who now fondled himself with his other hand.
  'Milord,' gasped the naked blue woman, her yellow eyes wide with fear, 'I live
  only to serve you.'  
'Of course you do,' said Vulgus, smiling as she leaned forward to stare down
  at her. 'And you shall.' He straightened, and looked at Vhyl and Fylth watching
  the prone demon-woman. 'Boys,' he said with a smile, 'in dul  ge
  yourselves.'  
The two devils looked at each other, and Sadiste saw Vhyl flick his yellow
  eyes over towards her. Clearly Zaraeth wasn't the only one wishing that she
  was not the one to be used as an example. But after barely a second both he
  and Fylth sprang forward and seized the woman lying on the stones and dragged
  her up as she screamed in terror and Vulgus laughed long and heartily.  
Satyra watched as the demons dragged their blue skinned kinswoman over to
  a low flat stone. Fylth stood near her head and grabbed both her arms above
  the wrist with one hand, dragging them up past her head. Her buttocks rested
  on the rock and her legs hung free, kicking wildly as she screamed, but Vhyl
  moved forward quickly and set his spear tip against her belly. Zaraeth looked
  up with a mixture of fear and anger and tried to kick him in the crotch, but
  he twisted out of the way, using one hand to grasp her ankle and force her
  leg down. In one swift motion his taloned foot came up and slammed down, the
  claws of his toes gouging into to top of her foot and pinning it to the ground
  beneath his weight. Dark blood spurted from the pierced flesh and Zaraeth screamed
  in pain.  
While his victim was temporarily stunned Vhyl dropped his spear on the ground
  next to him and moved to grab the demoness' other leg. He repeated the process,
  laughing at Zaraeth's fresh scream as his other foot pinned hers with its wicked
  talons.  
Vhyl leaned over Zaraeth and used the god chain about her throat to pull
  her head up. 'Please milord,' the demoness sobbed, twisting to look at her
  master. Her breasts with their purple nipples rose and fell rapidly as Vhyl
  inspected her nakedness spread before him. 'Have mercy on you servant.'  
Vulgus paused, considering her request. 'No,' he smiled finally, then nodded
  to Vhyl.  
Reaching down with a clawed hand the demon stabbed a finger brutally into
  Zaraeth's hairless vagina, digging his claws into her flesh as he worked his
  way inwards. Zaraeth gave a muffled shriek as she flung her head to one side,
  tears seeping from beneath her long lashes.  
Vhyl moved his hand around, stretching her pussy walls painfully, probing
  with his claws. The fingers still outside the woman's body squeezed and pinched
  the blue flesh of her thighs. When he had pulled and twisted at her folds for
  a few minutes he shifted his grip and pushed a second finger in next to the
  first, widening the entry to her sex. Zaraeth moaned and arched her back as
  she felt her cavity violated. A little blood seeped from the entrance to her
  pussy in evidence of the lacerations Vhyl's claws were doing inside of her.  
The demon moved again, shoving a third finger into the blue she-devil, stretching
  the woman flesh agonizingly. She was weeping freely now, alternately crying
  out and pleading for mercy. Fylth dropped his spear and reached down to paw
  one of her round breasts as she was racked by quivering sobs.  
Shifting his weight again Vhyl moved to push his hand deeper into the victim's
  bald twat. He pulled his arm back a little, extracting his fingers to the first
  joint below the tip, then rammed his arm forward again. Zaraeth cried out and
  thrashed on the stone. He did it again, and again, each time more forcefully.
  The blue woman's gorgeous body heaved and shook as his claws raped her, battering
  her and cutting her at the same time. More blood leaked from the bottom of
  her quim hole, spurring the red male demon to more violent efforts, this fanged
  mouth wide in smile as she watched her squirm in pain and scream as his penetrated
  her inmost womanhood. Zaraeth's sobs and groans grew louder and more frantic
  as he continued, and she shook her head from side to side so that her mane
  of curling midnight hair whipped across her face. She tired to gain leverage
  with her legs to pull herself away form his scaled fingers, but only succeeded
  in tearing her feet against the male demon's claws and adding to her own suffering.  
Finally Vhyl slid his fingers out of the demon woman's abused vagina, lifting
  them to his lips and licking the blood and pussy juice from them and moving
  his pelvis until his now fully erect cock was nudging her splayed thighs. Zaraeth
  lay with her eyes closed as Fylth pinched and twisted one of her firm round
  nipples. She moaned again.  
Vhyl leaned far over her, the movement bringing the head of his cock up to
  rub against her belly between her navel and the top of her opening. He used
  the hand still slick with some of her blood and vagainal fluid to stroke her
  soft cheek, so that she opened her yellow eyes and stared fearfully up at him.
  'I want to hear you beg, bitch,' he hissed at her.  
Zaraeth paused, struggling a little in Fylth's grip. Vhyl moved his hand
  down again and brutally thrust his claws into her crotch. She screamed and
  reared back as the bony points stabbed into her meat of her sex. Vhyl wrenched
  his claws out of her, and she collapsed back to the stone, sucking in air and
  weeping. Again he used his hand to stroke her cheek, the fresh blood leaving
  a dark smear against her opaline skin.  
'Beg for my shaft, slut,' Vhyl growled dangerously.  
'Please,' Zaraeth moaned through her tears, 'oh please.'  
'Yes,' Vhyl said again, flexing his fingers before her. He smiled like a
  loving parent. 'Go on.'  
'Please&hellip;can I&hellip;have your sh&hellip;shaft,' she sobbed. Her full
  breasts trembled a little as she wept.  
Vhyl smiled wider and looked up at Fylth, who chuckled. 'Where do you want
  my hard shaft, whore?' He curled his toes and his claws bit deeper into her
  feet.  
'In me,' Zaraeth gasped. 'Put it in me, please, put it in.'  
'Inside you?' Vhyl asked, all leering smile. 'You want my shaft to go into
  you? You want it in your belly, slut?'  
Unseen by Zaraeth, Vhyl's long tail moved across the rocky ground to where
  he had dropped his long iron spear.  
'Yes,' Zaraeth said, her spirit completely broken. 'I want your shaft in
  my belly. Please, I'll do whatever you want.'  
Vhyl pulled back a little, his cockhead moving down so that it nudged the
  entrance to her pussy. The humbled demoness moved her hips a little, inviting
  him to move into her, wanting only to be free of her painful humiliation as
  quickly as possible. It was not the first time Zaraeth had found herself helpless
  in the grasp of creatures such as Vhyl and Fylth, and she knew that resistance
  would only add to her torment.  
Satyra watched from the side and felt herself grow sick at the sight of the
  blue demoness demeaning herself before her attackers. The female spread her
  legs a little wider and moved her hips, teasing Vhyl's thick nine inch penis
  with her outer lips, the lips that were still stained with the blood of his
  claws tearing at her. The spectacle of a woman, even a demon woman, made to
  debase herself and beg to be raped made her want to vomit. She tried top look
  away, but Sadiste held her by the hair at the back of her head, forcing her
  to watch the unholy scene playing out. Satyra flicked her eyes towards the
  ground to try and avoid the show, and saw Vhyl's tail curled around his spear
  on the ground. With barely a sound he lifted the weapon with this tail and
  moved it towards his left hand that had strayed down next to his hip.  
Wit a sudden explosion of clarity Satyra saw what was about to happen. Instinctively
  she began to shout a warning, but Sadiste's long nailed hand wrapped itself
  over her mouth, stifling her outcry. 'Patience,' the red demoness whispered
  in the priestess' ear. 'Your time will come.'  
Satyra struggled as the tail moved the iron spear into Vhyl's waiting hand.
  His cock was now almost parting the devil woman's labia.  
'You want me to ram my shaft into you belly,' he growled, his face becoming
  angry. Zaraeth looked up at him in terror and swallowed hard. 'Then say the
  words, cunt. Say it!'  
'Please,' she half whispered, half wept, 'ram your shaft into me. Ram it
  into my belly, please.' She closed her eyes, opened them full of fresh tears.
  'Please.'  
Vhyl moved his hand back down to her breast, cupping it gently. 'As you wish,'
  he said softly.  
With the swiftness of a viper Vhyl reared back, towering over the victim
  on the stone. Zaraeth felt his cock push up into her to the edge of her inner
  sanctum, bracing herself for the penetration, then saw his hand with the spear
  coming up and angling over Vhyl's shoulder. She shrieked in terror and tried
  to squirm aside, but it was useless. 'No!' she screamed. 'NO!!!"  
Part V  
The Dream of Death  
With a roar Vhyl brought the spear down point first, stabbing the blue demoness
  through the midriff. At the same time he leaned back and thrust with his hips,
  plunging his cock deep into her.'  
'AAAAiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!' Zaraeth's tortured howl was piercing,
  rising above the other tortured screams around the spectators. Pinned to the
  stone by the iron weapon she writhed like a wounded beast, black blood spurting
  from the wound. She heaved up, trying to wrap herself around the agony in her
  belly, but Fylth slammed her back down to the stone, holding her outstretched.  
'Yeaaaahhhhh!!!!' Vhyl thundered, feeling Zaraeth's hot pussy clenching around
  his cock. He was more than halfway into her, and pushed again, burying more
  of himself in her cunt. He used both hands to twist the spear impaling his
  victim and felt her pussy spasm again as her lovely body twisted in aguish
  before him. Zaraeth's mouth was open side to suck in more air, then she screamed
  again, the sound torn from the depths of her being.  
Satyra watched the woman being butchered before her and fought with all her
  strength to free herself. The horror of the spectacle was beyond description,
  the two demons laughing and gloating over the spitted victim, Vhyl raping her
  brutally as he used the spear to rip at her internal organs. They had turned
  the slaughter of this woman into a sick sexual experience for the warped pleasure.
  On his throne Satyra could see Vulgus watching his servant's demise with unconcealed
  glee, one hand stroking his thick shaft as he masturbated himself to the sight
  of her murder. Sadiste held the priestess fast, but had shifted the hand over
  her mouth to rub at her breasts, while the red demoness ground her pelvis against
  Satrya's back and shoulders, she also deriving sexual pleasure from the helpless
  Zaraeth's death agonies.  
Vhyl kept pumping, both with his cock and the spear, sometimes pulling the
  weapon almost free of Zaraeth's lovely body before plunging it back into her,
  skewering her on its barbs. Her lower body was slick with dark blood now and
  some of it had run down in small streams around her crotch, the hot liquid
  tickling his rape-shaft as he moved it inside his victim. The heat of the blood
  fired him to new violence, fucking in and out of her at a frantic pace, driving
  his fill length inside her quim so hard that the blue woman was driven upward
  with each thrust, her breasts dancing in rhythm to his movements while the
  spear's points sawed through her quaking flesh, tearing the wound larger.  
'AAArrrggghhhh!!! Oh darkness&hellip;.aahhh&hellip;.AAAHHHHHHH!!!!!! Please&hellip;..eeeeaaAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!!.......'  
Zaraeth's head was thrown back over the stone as she screamed and screamed,
  and then screamed again. She could feel the iron spear tearing her insides
  to shreds, the blood spurting from her belly wound and running down over her
  hips and thighs and legs. Vhyl's cock tore at her as well, the thick, coarse
  skinned phallus tearing at her soft pussy walls already lacerated by his clawed
  fingers. Her body shook and heaved, adding to her misery as she tore herself
  against the pole arm in her abdomen and the talons piercing her feet and ankles,
  but she was helpless to prevent her contortions. She filled her lungs with
  air so that her firm tits swelled and screamed so loud it felt that her head
  would explode, but it did not give her release from the horrible pain.  
Holding his demonic kinswoman's arms, Fylth could no longer contain himself
  as she watched Vhyl hump the blue bitch before them. Shifting to a one handed
  grip of her wrists he grabbed Zaraeth's head and twisted it violently, forcing
  her to look around at his own rampant male organ. He pushed it against her
  lips, taking his hand away from her head and getting a fistful of her tit meat
  that he squeezed mercilessly, the blue flesh darkening between his thick fingers.
  Zaraeth tried to pull her head away, keeping her mouth a tight blue line as
  the toad faced demon tried to get his dick between her full lips.  
Seeing his companions difficulties Vhyl paused in his fucking to tear the
  spear out of Zaraeth's body. She arched her back as her lips flew wide, and
  Fylth seized his chance and pushed his cock into her open mouth, hauling on
  her tortured boob for leverage. Vhyl then stabbed down again, the spear tearing
  into the demoness just below the bottom rib. More blood gushed out and she
  gave a gurgling howl as she screamed around Fylth's penis now lodged deep in
  her mouth.  
Sadiste watched her enemy being fucked without mercy by the two demons and
  felt her own orgasm humming inside her. She would never offer any complement
  to the demoness' appearance, but it had to be said that Zaraeth looked fantastically
  sexy as she lay impaled by the spear and the two demon cocks penetrating her
  mouth and tight bald cunt. The blood smearing her glistened in the firelight
  as she wriggled, and as she watched Fylth mauling her tender breast flesh Sadiste
  imagined what it would feel like to have her own talons inflicting that damage,
  to have her own hands wrapped around those firm blue tits and grind them between
  her fingers while their owner used her lovely mouth to scream into Sadiste's
  wet red pussy.  
From his throne Vulgus also grinned with pleasure as the demoness who had
  sucked his cock so dutifully was tortured and violated by his male servants.
  His dick was again hard in his hand as she watched Zaraeth howl and gargle
  while Fylth raped her mouth. The warriors in his service were banned from exercising
  their lusts upon his she-demons, who used every chance to tease and demean
  their male brethren, and if there was one thing a lord of hell knew, it was
  that forbidden pleasures were always the sweetest. He had known such a display
  of grotesque violence from the two rapists would be forthcoming, and trusted
  it was not lost on the exquisite red-haired captive.  
Kneeling on the stone floor Satyra tried to black out the sight and sound
  of the demoness being done to death in front of her, but every attempt was
  met by a vicious twist of her wounded shoulder by Sadiste that caused her to
  open her eyes to the vile display. The two creatures fucking her had become
  more and more savage in their assault, hooting and baying to each other as
  they continue to pummel her body as it writhed on the iron lance, the blue
  woman's muscles tight knots under her skin as she suffered unspeakably. Her
  body shone with seat and blood as it jerked to Vhyl's cock-thrusts and blood
  was now bubbling from her mouth and nose, coating Fylth's penis sliding in
  and out of her mouth and down her throat. The toad-creature alternated his
  grip on her tits, shifting from one to other as he pulled, twisted and ground
  the mounds of woman-meat in his powerful fist. Satyra wept in horror and pity
  as the carnal violence went on and on, the horned blue woman's suffering stretching
  out unbearably as she was fucked and fucked between the pair of inhuman monsters.  
But though the rape continued for what seemed like ages, it eventually dawned
  on Satyra that the demoness tortured writhings never slackened or grew less
  frantic. Satyra knew a belly wound could be agonizing, could take days to kill
  its victim, but the sheer loss of blood shown by the victim, coupled with the
  repeated stabbings and violent use of the weapon inside her, should have begun
  to reduce the demoness to exhaustion, if not unconsciousness. Yet by her erotic
  twisting and muffled shrieks it was clear that Zaraeth way very much aware,
  as vibrant with pain as she had been when she first impaled on the spearhead.
  For long minutes Satyra watched the macabre vision continue, and still the
  blue woman thrashed her gorgeous body vigorously and continued to moan and
  wail as the demons pumped themselves inside her.  
Finally it was not the stamina of demon-girl which gave out, but that of
  her defilers. Vhyl's pace quickened until the very friction of his cock was
  a pain to her abused womanhood, then gave a last deafening howl and thrust
  deep into Zaraeth's hairless quim, his body stiffening as he released his load
  inside her. He pulled out and thrust again, the backward motion releasing a
  gout of syrupy brown liquid from her cunt, held, for a moment, pulled out again.  
At Zaraeth's head Fylth's let go of the demoness' tit and arms to grab her
  by the horns and fuck her mouth powerfully, head down on his chest as his belly
  spasmed to shoot a second deluge of demon cum into her mouth. His lustful bellow
  was drowned out by Vulgus own as the demon lord jerked at his gigantic member,
  spraying the area before the throne with boiling jism. Zaraeth gasped as she
  chocked down Fylth's evil fluid, spitting some out around the girth of green
  scaled cock so that it ran down over her chin and cheeks. Fylth continue to
  choke the bloodied woman for half a minute before he yanked his dick free and
  used he own fist to pump the last vestiges of semen from his shaft, spattering
  Zaraeth's throat and curving chest with as his emissions mixed with her blood
  and sweat. Vhyl also slipped his phallus from her nether lips, its shaft slick
  and shining with their mingled sex juices.  
Grasping his spear in the victims belly with both hands Vhyl roughly yanked
  it free, releasing another fountain of black blood as Zaraeth screamed and
  tumbled from the stone. She lay there in a phoetal position, clutching her
  wounded belly as more blood seeped around her fingers. Satyra watched on, hoping
  the blue woman-creature would finally know the release of death.  
'Arise, my little harlot,' Vulgus said from his throne, still working his
  cock gently in his fist. 'You have done well.'  
To Satrya's shocked disbelief the demon woman stood up shakily, her hands
  wiping the congealing blood from her body. As she cleaned herself the area
  where the spear had pierced her became visible, the smooth skin showing no
  signs of any wound, or even a scar. It was as if the violent penetration had
  never happened.  
Shaking on her feet Zaraeth made her way over to her lord, kneeling before
  him and nuzzling against one of the huge black haired legs. He stroked her
  hair and looked over at Satyra kneeling next to Sadiste.  
'Now do you understand, little tramp of the forests,' came Vulgus rumbling
  voice. 'Death will not claim you here &ndash; your tortures will last as long
  as it pleases us to hear you beautiful screams, and watch the pain dance of
  you lovely body. The six torments you shall endure will seem endless, and in
  the end, I will break your spirit to my cause and you shall abase yourself
  before me as completely as this little cunt.' He ran a finger through Zaraeth's
  ebony curls.  
Satyra pulled her head up to look at the hell lord squarely. 'Five,' she
  said in voice soft, but firm.  
The collection of demons about the throne paused, and the rumble of the hell
  fires seemed to skip a beat. 'What did you say?' Vulgus finally asked in an
  ominous tone.  
'Five,' repeated Satyra, looking undaunted, though in truth vision of Zaraeth's
  hideous ordeal was seared into her mind. 'The bargain made was for six torments,
  and I have already endured one at the fangs of your degenerate snakes. Only
  five remain.'  
Vulgus leaned forward, and his shadow seemed to move out before him and chill
  Satyra with its touch. Even Sadiste seemed uncertain. 'You would seek to split
  hairs over your contract with me, little shit-whore of the Chevaan?' he growled.  
'The contracts terms were simple,' Satyra replied, almost keeping the tremor
  from her voice. 'The rules of our bargain are clear.'  
Vulgus guffawed, but his every breath spoke of deadly danger. 'You really
  think I care about rules?'  
'Of course you don't,' answered Satyra, but with growing confidence, ' if
  you can get away with ignoring them through the ignorance or terror of your
  victims. But I am neither ignorant nor terrified &ndash; and I say you will
  hold to your terms, or find your contract in abeyance. You have had one chance
  to turn me, and failed. Five remain to you.'  
Vulgus sat looking at her for a moment, eyes blazing. 'No attempt to turn
  you with the serpents was made,' he said finally.  
'But the torment was your own devising,' Satyra shot back, sensing victory.
  'It is not my fault if you squandered your chance.'  
For a long time Vulgus sat looking at the naked woman before him, unclad
  but still defiant with her red hair a shimmering mane of fire about her face
  with its frame of curling horns. Sadiste stood stock still, holding her breath.
  All of hell seemed to be waiting.  
At last Vulgus sat back, chuckling and stroking his chin. 'Oh I like the
  slut,' he chortled. 'A bold witch indeed, Sadiste, and a worthy one for our
  cause. She will be a great asset.' He paused and smiled without humor down
  at Satyra. 'As you say, my proud beauty, five torments remain for you. The
  second we shall administer here and now, in preparation of your long and eventful
  stay here. And furthermore,' he added, ' in recognition of your impressive
  courage I declare that no cock before mine shall gouge out your insolent pussy
  hole, and only after your pride has been stripped away. At which time,' Vulgus
  continued, his voice dropping to a thunderous whisper, ' I shall fuck your
  miserable cunt to a shapeless ruin of meat while you amuse me by skewering
  your own tits with burning irons.'  
Satyra swallowed, but met the hell lord's gaze stoically. He leaned back
  into his throne and motioned to Sadiste. 'Bring in the cauldron.'  
Sadiste bowed, and made a sign to the shadows. A dozen troll like beings,
  each less than four feet tall, appeared, carrying on their backs a huge brass
  bowl about eight feet across and two feet deep. Liquid sloshed inside it. From
  the rim, in five places, large poles three inches thick curved out for three
  feet and them back up towards and apex over the container. The reverse curve
  of the pole rose nine feet into the air, and fixed to each pole there was a
  woman.  
Their hands and ankles were tied behind them, the brass shaft entering her
  body through the anus. The poles evidently continued up through their bodies,
  emerging from their wide open mouths near the convergence of the five rods.
  Satyra looked up in horror at the sight of the skewered women, made double
  horrific by the fact they were not dead. Each one moaned and wriggled at her
  impalement. The girls were all young in appearance, fair, though their beauty
  was marred by the pain of their ordeal. Two were fair skinned like Satyra,
  one with brown hair, the other honey blonde. Another girl had olive skin and
  curling black hair. She seemed shorter, with rounder hips and plump breasts,
  and her features reminded Satyra of the Roman's she had seen. The other two
  victims were of races unknown to her &ndash; one had skin like old ivory, with
  straight black hair, dark eyes, and small pert breasts with dark red nipples.
  The other was dark skinned, a brown that was almost black, except on the palms
  of her hands and soles of her feet. Her hair was a wide bush of kinky dark
  curls, and her large heavy breasts had black nubbins. She was the tallest of
  the five and had big lips that wrapped around the pole coming from her mouth,
  and an exotically lovely face with a broad nose.  
The troll creatures set the bowl down and withdrew. Vhyl and Fylth came over
  and grabbed Satyra under the armpits, carrying her over to the bowl. Sadiste
  joined them. Inside the contents seemed like dark red wine, but the metallic
  odor coming from the liquid left no illusions about its true nature.  
'Put her in,' Sadiste said without preamble, and the demons hoisted the shackled
  Chevaan into the bowl and set her down in the blood. Satyra struggled instinctively
  but was unable to prevent them attaching her legs to two clamps hidden on the
  inside of the bowl, the metal restraints circling her legs just below her knees
  and forcing her to kneel with her legs spread. Moving forward she would only
  pitch face first into the blood with her hands still bound behind her. Backwards
  she could sit in a kneeling pose, but she had not desire to let more of her
  body rest in the coagulating fluid than she had to.  
Sadiste ran her hands over the surface of the blood where a thin scum was
  forming. 'This won't do at all,' she tsked. 'You two,' she said, calling to
  the demon warriors. 'Freshen the infusion.'  
The demons laughed, reaching up with their spears. Satyra lifted her head
  to watch. Vhyl pressed his spear against the left breast of the blonde prisoner,
  then pushed, piercing the flesh. The girl howled and jerked and blood gushed
  down the spear to add to the contents of the bowl.  
Satyra pulled back to avoid the red shower and almost overbalanced. As she
  did Fylth readhead over her shoulder with his spear and stabbed the dark skinned
  woman in the belly, making her scream and shudder as Zaraeth had done as her
  blood ran free.  
Round and round the bowl the own demons continued, using their spears on
  the women's bellies, their breasts, their throats, and their pussies. The blood
  gushed freely from each, but like Zaraeth the helpless women showed no signs
  passing out or expiring. After a time their wounds bleeding would slow, and
  the demons would repeat the process to keep the blood flowing. There were particularly
  vicious with their stabs at the tits and genital of the victims, and laughed
  at the anguished cries that always followed.  
As the demons stabbed, Sadiste began to chant in a low sing song voice, her
  body moving rhythmically, like a serpent's. She passed her hands over the blood,
  moving around, her eyes alternating between the sobbing prisoners and the ram
  horned captive. Satyra shook her head and leaned this way and that, trying
  to avoid the red liquid spattering her. It hand risen now up to her thighs
  only a foot below her exposed sexual organs.  
Finally Sadiste paused and reached down beside her. When she stood up she
  held a flaming coal in her red palm.  
'By all darkness,' she intoned, 'let the fire of hell enter the flesh of
  the living. Let her body be infused with its eternal flame, that she may endure
  without respite, and her pain be never ending.' She smiled evilly at Satyra.
  'NOW!'  
With her last cry Sadiste tossed the coal into the blood. Instantly the liquid
  roared to flaming like, as if it were oil from the earth. The flames shot up,
  engulfing Satrya's naked body in their scorching embrace.  
Now&hellip;  
'YeeeeeeaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRHHHHHHHH!!!!!'  
Satyra howled and writhed in the pool of blood for what had seemed centuries.
  Her mind registered nothing but the hot pain blazing in her legs, her arms,
  and her body. When the magical flames wrapped around her breasts those large
  soft orbs felt like they were full of burning coals, swelling until they must
  surely explode outwards to release the trapped heat When the fires shot up
  between her legs the meat of her womanhood became a sizzling inferno that left
  in such anguish that she could not even scream. Only hold herself rigid, her
  head back and mouth wide in a silent paroxysm of anguish.  
The fires lit her hair and wreathe her head in leaping flames. She lived
  on, and the hair reappeared. It turned her skin to red and then to black charred
  flakes that peeled away from her body. New skin grew back, ad still she lived.
  Her fingers bound behind her withered like sticks in a fire, her pussy lips
  hissed like frying strips of bacon, and the round crests of her breast cracked
  and bled down over her slender body. But she didn't die.  
Over and over as she suffered she heard the soft Voice of Sadiste in her
  ears, urging her to surrender. Sometimes it offered pleasure without limits.
  Sometimes it promised the pain would never end. Always her refusal to accept
  its terms assured her suffering continued. Satyra wept and struggled and screamed
  and cursed and prayed, but the only words that would end her torture caught
  in her throat. And the horror went on.  
She did not have nay awareness of time, but eventually she as if from a great
  distance a voice nearby. 'It is done,' it said, a woman's musical tones. 'Finish
  it.'  
Satyra opened her eyes and say her body burning and blistering, the flames
  tearing at her without consuming her. She made another effort to rip her legs
  free of the shackles beneath the scalding liquid, pulling and tearing, then
  felt two points gouging her seared back. She pitched forward, mouth side in
  a scream as she fell beneath the surface.  
Instantly her pain increased by an order of magnitude, the boiling liquid
  entering her mouth and lungs and searing her form the inside out, her eyes
  reduced to melting lumps of goo. Her brain shrivelled inside her skull then
  exploded like a birthing sun.  
Then it was over, and she was upright again. The fires had vanished. Her
  body from the top of her head down was stained with the thick red slurry, and
  she shook it out of her eyes.  
Rough hands reached in and removed her shackles and she was hauled out of
  the bow and dumped on the ground. She coughed and wheezed, looking up at Sadiste
  standing brazenly over her, and the more massive shadow of Vulgus behind her
  on his throne.  
With a wrench the two spears tore loose from her shoulders, and she fell
  forward with a cry. Sadiste straddled the priestess and wiped away some of
  the bloody residue wear the points had pierced her. No wounds were left behind,
  and the skin, once bronze, now showed as an alabaster white beneath the clinging
  scum.  
'Excellent,' rumbled Vulgus, as he pushed Zaraeth's head down over his dripping
  cock. 'Now we can truly begin.'  
Satyra lay before the lord of hell, sucking in air, dreaming of the death
  that now would never come.  
Part VI  
Back Up  
"The Yukhoth are among the most degenerate creature who reside in the Underworld,
  Sadiste explained as she stood with her hands on her waist, her weight on one
  leg so that her hip was pushed out and her long body curved like a serpents. "More
  intelligent than the Ashath, the slithering ones, though of course that' not
  saying much. They exist only to inflict pain and to rut like dogs in heat."  
Satyra lay on her belly on a stone block about two feet high near her head
  and slanting down to one foot at the other end, where her bare feet hung over
  the end with metal clamps about her ankles. Other chains kept her arms pulled
  up with her hands either side of her shoulders. She was facing the demoness,
  the two of them in yet another of the seemingly infinite number of cavern chambers
  that made up the fiery realm of evil.  
And they weren't alone.  
Standing around the red she-demon were a half dozen of the little troll-creatures
  that had brought in the bowl of blood during the invigoration ritual. They
  were all virtually identical, about four feet tall stockily built humanoids
  with scaly green skin. Their head were round and hairless with broad ugly faces
  under heavy overhanging brows, with wide pug noses and lipless mouths full
  of short broken teeth. Their ears were like tiny bat wings either side of their
  head, and they had almost no neck between their chins and their podgy thick
  bodies. Like the demons Vhyl and Fylth they were naked, their short thick phalluses
  handing between their legs as they shamelessly examined the naked woman bound
  to the stone.  
Sadiste stared at Satyra as well. Her red hair shone in the light of the
  torches in the chamber, and her green eyes still showed the defiance of their
  earlier conversations, though perhaps a little more fear as well, now that
  the priestess had had some experience with the horrors of her situation. But
  below the fringe of her curling red hair the face in which those green eyes
  were set was markedly different. The smooth skin, like that of Satrya's entire
  body, had gone from a healthy golden bronze to an alabaster white. As the nude
  captive lay on the stone block facing her Sadiste thought she seemed herself
  to be made of stone, a perfect white marble copy of a living woman, with only
  the copper hair, ivory horns and bright angry green eyes to reveal her true
  nature.  
'Its rumoured that their sexual appetite is insatiable, that they can go
  for days raping a victim over and over without getting tired,' Sadiste continued,
  plying with the ears of one of the Yukhoth as it giggled at the helpless Chevaan,
  'And,' added the yellow eyed hellion, 'they'll fuck almost anything.'  
'Don't feel inhibited on my account,' Satyra said in a breathy voice, twisting
  her head a little to try and find a comfortable resting space against the harsh
  rocky surface.  
Sadiste smiled more broadly. Satrya's resistance was exceeding all expectations.
  She found the woman's stubborn refusal to be broken very erotic, because she
  knew it would afford her so many more fulfilling opportunities to hurt and
  humiliate the proud beauty on the way to taming her.  
Actually, they're here for your benefit, Sadiste smiled, and turned to the
  Yukhoth nearest to her. 'Now you are not allowed to rape her,' she told the
  little monster. 'Lord Vulgus has reserved the honour of being the first to
  penetrate her, and he will be most displeased if any of you should pre-empt
  him.'  
'No pussy,' the creature growled. 'Ass?'  
'No,' said Sadiste.  
'Mouth?' asked another.  
'Sorry, no.'  
The trolls looked hard one by.  
'Another thing,' Sadiste said. 'The spell that allows keeps her from death
  is powerful, but she may still not be as resilient as the souls you are used
  to tormenting. Best not to try decapitating or dismembering her.' The creatures
  blinked stupidly, and Sadiste sighed. 'Don't cut off her head, arms or legs.'  
Again the Yukhoth pouted like disappointed children. 'Fingers? Tits?' asked
  the leader hopefully.  
'No,' Sadiste said, getting annoyed. 'And not her feet, toes, ears, eyes,
  tongue, clit, or anything else you might think of. She stays all in one piece.'  
The Yukhoth grumbled petulantly, and the leader next to Sadiste kicked the
  floor. 'Can't fuck it, can't slice it up,' he complained sulkily. 'What can
  we do to it?'  
Sadist bent down so that her full breast hung forward and used her finger
  to raise the chin of the little demon and look at its face. 'Anything else,'
  she said with a smile.  
The monster looked back for a moment, and then all six broke into a chorus
  of devilish laughter. Sadiste stood and looked over at Satyra. 'I'll leave
  you now,' she said to Satyra. 'Play nice.' She laughed as Satyra struggled
  with the chains around her wrists, then strutted out of the chamber.  
Left alone with the hideous demons Satyra struggled more forcefully, but
  stopped as the creatures approached her, some standing around the stone block,
  the leader near her head. She shuddered as they pocked and pinched her, tweaking
  her ass and pulling her curling hair. 'It gonna beg for Vulgus big cock?' he
  asked.  
'No,' Satyra snarled. 'Never.'  
'Bad cunt,' snapped one of the Yukhoth at the rear, and gave her a vicious
  slap on the backside. Satyra winced.  
'Dumb cunt,' laughed the leader, grabbing a fistful of Satyra's hair so she
  gasped. 'Cunt needs teaching.'  
Two of the Yukhoth went over to a wall and grabbed objects hanging there.
  When they came back each held a long whip with nine thongs of some material
  that looked like cured leather, but was a bloody red colour. 'Cunt gonna learn
  now,' smiled the leader.  
The whip carrying demons stood either side of Satyra, about level with her
  chest. She pulled her head up to look at one as it swung the weapon experimentally.
  She shivered, and the stone felt cold against her stomach and breasts.  
While she was looking at one, the other swung its whip against her back,
  the leather thongs cracking loudly against the skin below her shoulder blades.
  Satyra gasped loudly and curled her hands into fists. As the pain flared in
  her flesh the other swung as well, the whip curling around the base of her
  back just above her ass.  
The grinning trolls took it in turn to ply the leather against their victim's
  bare back, the whips wounding like snapping timbers as they crashed against
  Satyra's naked skin. Against the white flesh the red welts of the strikes flared
  angrily, as the priestess shook and began moaned and gave short yelps of pain.  
After six stokes Satyra's body was damp with perspiration. At twelve it had
  begun to shine in the chambers light. Tears stung her eyes, and she stirred
  to push up against the stone to free herself, only to be battered down again
  by the force of the blows landing. She tired again, failed, fell back against
  the block. She cracked her chin and groaned. The demons laughed.  
After twenty strokes the woman's back was spotted with drops of blood as
  the scouring lashes began to flay her skin. Satyra cried and ground her teeth.
  Sweat ran down into her eyes, and the skin around her wrists was chafed from
  tugging at the shackles. The pain between her shoulders and hips was if she
  were standing with her back to close to a fire, mixed with an ever-present
  stinging throb. In some part of her mind she had believed after the ordeal
  in Sadiste's magical flames she would be inured to any other pain, but as the
  whips fell again and again she had to struggle to stop from screaming like
  a trapped beast.  
At thirty stokes the flogging stopped. Satyra swallowed and looked up, but
  the demons were only passing their whips to two companions eager to inflict
  pain on the lovely captive.  
The second series of blows landed on her legs, working up and down their
  tapering length. When they whipped the soles of her feet Satyra finally cried
  out loud, the sensitive pads sending messages of anguish the full length of
  her body to her fevered brain. Satyra trembled and tried instinctively to pull
  herself away from the whips, but only succeeded in arching her back up as she
  pressed her hips and pelvis against the stone. The demons continued until her
  lower limbs were slick with seeping blood from the broken skin.  
When the next pause came the leader grabbed her horns and pulled her round
  to face him. 'Cunt will beg for Vulgus cock.'  
It wasn't a question, but Satyra responded anyway. 'I&hellip;won't,' she
  whispered behind grit teeth.  
The demon slammed her head down against the stone so she saw stars, then
  strode round and grabbed a whip. The last demon to wait its turn did likewise.  
The tongs whistled and cracked against her left ass cheek. Satyra screamed.
  Her right cheek got the same, and she screamed again.  
Satyra soon lost track of how many blows struck her from behind. The torment
  sang in her ears and her world contacted around the awful flames ignited in
  her soft buttocks. She  
Buried her face in the crook of her shoulder and wrenched against the chains
  about her wrists, and her body shook on the stone. Eventually her screams became
  mingled with the sobs that wracked her bleeding form. The Yukhoth laughed and
  kept beating her until the whip was sodden with blood and the flesh of her
  rounded ass was a mass of sliced, broken tissue.  
At some point the flogging stopped. Satyra knew because the searing pain
  flaring like a sun in her backside receded to an agonizing but constant torture.
  It was a long time before she could summon the strength to lift her head to
  see what the demons were doing.  
Through the sweat-moistened strands of her red fringe Satyra saw one of the
  demons who had already beaten her approaching with a new weapon, this one a
  metal handle trailing three lengths of three foot long chain, the fine links
  adorned with tiny metal spikes.  
While Satyra watched in fascinated dread another of the creatures emptied
  a bucket of fetid water over her back. She gasped, but as the brine sluiced
  the blood from her there was far less pain than she had anticipated. She felt
  one demons clawed hand caressing her spine and twisted her head to see the
  leader running his fingers across the white skin, the surface smooth and unscarred.
  He smiled at her. 'All better,' he said. 'We can fix that.'  
Satyra brought her head back around and braced herself as the chain whip
  hissed through the hot air. It took three strokes of the flail tearing the
  skin from her shoulder blades before she screamed again.  
The Yukhoth flayed the woman's body up and down, from shoulders to feet.
  The stone and the ground about became drenched in blood, more blood than a
  woman could loose without passing out, but Sadiste's foul sorceries infused
  her rounded form with unnatural vitality, and her wounds healed swiftly so
  that the demons could keep on hurting her. She arched her body upwards when
  they beat the small of her back, so the trolls could see her full tits and
  nipples just clearing the hard stone. They got excited and spent some time
  using the spiked chin against the sides of her breasts where they were pillowed
  outwards against the block, watching the prisoner wiggle as she tried to shift
  her position to keep as much of the tender mounds hidden as possible. After
  a time they went back to flogging her tender ass, and her screams bounced off
  the cavern walls with each strike of the barbs. The twin cheeks clenched instinctively
  as the chains tore at them, making it look as if the copper-haired woman were
  humping the stone slab while she was whipped. They would pause to swap the
  flail around and give her backside time to partly heal, then rip into it again.  
For Satyra, the universe degenerated into a cycle of agonized writhing and
  sobbing, anguished misery. Even when the demons were not beating her there
  was no release, her mind tormented by the knowledge they would soon be hurting
  her again. Her green eyes burned with tears, and despite the fiery signals
  coursing up from her shredded back she shivered, drenched in sweat. When the
  Yukhoth stopped now and again to offer her a chance to join Vulgus she could
  no longer muster any words of defiance, just shake her head feebly and then
  brace herself more pain.  
At some point the torture paused for longer than normal, and Satyra lay with
  her eyes closed, enduring the feel of the open wound that was her rear. Her
  lips were dry and her throat parched from screaming.  
Abruptly her eyes flew open as she felt little claws digging into her lacerated
  back. She twisted as much as she could to see one pf the demons had climbed
  up onto her back, using his clawed toes to grip her flesh. It stood facing
  her feet. One hand holding a short metal rod, like a riding crop but with wicked
  little points along its length. The other hand was employed in stroking the
  creature's hardened phallus.  
With the trolls weight atop her Satyra's head was dragged around by hands
  grasping her ram's horns. She was made to look at the leader again as more
  clawed fingers grabbed her ass from either side.  
'The cunt needs to beg us,' the chief Yukhoth hissed. Satyra's face twisted
  with disgust and she shook her head violently, pulling away from him.  
At a nod from his leader the troll on her back swung the quirt down between
  Satyra's spread butt cheeks. The barbed metal crashed into the sensitive cleft,
  the pins gouging the rim of her anus and the small, intense pace between her
  sphincter and her genitals.  
'Eeeerrrrrgghhgg!' came the beautiful red-head's gurgling cry, as she tried
  to clench her ass but was prevented by the clawed hands gripping the full round
  flesh. The rod swept up and down again, wrenching another cry from the prisoner.  
'Beg!' barked the Yukhoth. Satyra did not even have time to refuse before
  she was struck again, the pain making her heave on the slab. The tender zone
  was struck by the barbed rod over and over, the pain hammering at her without
  respite. She cried out brokenly, sobbing and struggling hopelessly. Even after
  the exotic tortures she had witnessed and endured, the simple brutality and
  humiliation of being viciously and sadistically beaten while a helpless captive
  was deeply horrifying. With each blow that made her yelp and twist the Yukhoth
  exercised their power over her at the most base level, the most primitive and
  disgusting need for the male to hurt and dominate the female. Unlike the efforts
  of Sadiste, and Vulgus, and even the Romans, the Yukhoth punishment of her
  body was untempered by the trappings of culture or sophistication. They understood
  only that they wanted to hurt her, to take pleasure in her suffering, and they
  adopted the most direct and simple route to bring about that suffering. The
  demons not otherwise occupied frigged their jutting cocks shamelessly as they
  watched her sweat-slick body wriggling across the unyielding surface, the moist
  flesh of her breasts and belly clinging damply to the stone when she twisted
  and stretched and shuddered, unable to protect herself from the crop tearing
  between her asshole and pussy again and again.  
Satyra screamed as they hit her, each time they hit her. Sometimes between
  strokes she would sob a prayer of deliverance. Sometime she would curse them.
  Mostly though she just sobbed and squirmed and screamed until her throat cracked.  
How long they beat her ass, ten minutes or an hour or a day, Satyra did not
  know. Her universe was the creature on her back and the agony in her rear.
  Claws holding her buttocks painfully apart changed over and over as the demons
  took turns with the duties of her torture. The claws gouged the ripe mounds
  and the blood ran down to join the red fluid already mingled with her salty
  perspiration. At intervals she would feel the warm spray of demonic cum as
  a Yukhoth unloaded his pulsing cock over her back or hair or tear-stained face
  while it howled and gibbered in ecstasy.  
But finally there came a stop. Satyra did not know how long it was after
  they actually ceased flogging her that she regained enough awareness to realize
  they had stopped. She only knew they had, and she lay drawing deep full breaths.
  Her mouth was dry and her tongue felt swollen. Tears and sticky sweat and drops
  of vile semen coated her face. Her green glowing eyes were half closed as she
  lay immobile, still chained.  
Without warning the chains at her wrists and ankles tugged and fell away.
  She blinked groggily, then gasped as Yukhoth hands grabbed her arms and legs,
  the later running up to scratch at her crotch. Swiftly and unceremoniously
  she was flipped over onto her back, the manacles snapping back into place just
  as Satyra became aware enough to start struggling. She winced as he tortured
  back was slammed against the stone, but already the dark magic had almost healed
  those wounds. Even the scars had begun to fade.  
Lifting her head Satyra found the chief Yukhoth standing between her feet
  hanging just past the edge of the slab. At a signal from him two demons near
  her head adjusted the length on her wrist chains, pulling her hands up past
  the top edge of the stone so that her forearms were drawn down towards the
  floor, the crook of her elbow bent at right angles over the rim of the rock.
  Her body was forced up along the smooth stone surface so that her shoulder
  blades were resting at the very top end, her head hanging in space as her red
  foaming hair tumbled down towards the ground.  
Satyra felt the tightening of the muscles in her neck and shoulders to keep
  her head raised. Looking down between her legs she saw the demon staring lecherously
  at her full white breasts with their pale nips, enhanced by the position of
  her arms. She knew letting her head fall back would accentuate their upward
  curve further and so stoically kept her head level, glaring down at the ugly
  little beast.  
'Sexy cunt,' the demon growled, admiring her tits and also stroking her lower
  leg as its yellow eyes drifted down over her belly. 'Sexy and stupid. Cunt
  wants us to hurt it more?'  
'Fuck you,' Satyra snapped, and was surprised to hear the base words leap
  from her mouth. As a priestess she had trained to subdue such impulses, especially
  given the wild nature of her satyr heritage, but her recent experiences were
  testing that discipline.  
The demon blinked and glowered at her. 'Cunt's for Vulgus,' he snarled, his
  desires easy to read as he stared at her copper crested femaleness. He turned
  to one of his subordinates. 'Find a cunt we can fuck.'  
The creature gibbered and jogged off, and the lead demon signalled. Two of
  the other Yukhoth stepped up on either side of the prisoner, holding the wicked
  leather thong whips again. 'Make it scream like a pig,' he commanded.  
Part VII  
Back Down  
The two trolls went straight to work, each drawn irresistibly to the nearest
  of those two splendid boobs. The thongs smacked loudly against the taut skin
  and Satyra choked on a scream as the force and sudden pain drove the air from
  her lungs. As she tried to suck in a breath the leather hit her breasts again
  and she yelped, letting her head fall back, only to bring it up again as the
  third strike slashed at the bouncing, reddening orbs on her chest.  
The sight of those two mighty mounds of woman-meat dancing under the whip
  inspired the demons to even greater cruelty, and soon Satyra's screams of torment
  were again echoing around the chamber. The whips cracked against her firm young
  body, breaking the white skin so blood oozed from the welts and was plastered
  across the female canvass by the next strike. Satyra twisted like an eel in
  her chains and threw her head from side to side as the pain cut deep into her
  shuddering breast-flesh. The watching demons jerked at their rock hard cocks
  until jism sprayed over the legs and belly of the wriggling woman, then bayed
  for their turn with the whips as their companions released their own pent up
  lust.  
As two of the demons reluctantly came to the end of their spell of punishing
  the howling priestess, the Yukhoth that had been sent out returned, leading
  another prisoner by a golden chain. The demons in the cave bayed with pleasure
  at the newcomer's arrival, for the moment forgetting the Chevaan on the slab
  and crowding to reach the fresh meat.  
Through the red haze of her pain Satyra struggled to focus on her fellow
  prisoner. The woman seemed about the same age as herself, with dusky skin and
  black hair cut square about her shoulders. She had a slender, willowy body
  shape; tapering slender legs, narrow waist, long taught body and firm, pert
  breasts with large round nipples. When Satyra caught a glimpse of her face
  among the clustered demons, she saw a finely chiselled set of features, adorned
  with full red lips and dark, almost black eyes rimmed with dark cosmetic lines
  and golden paint between her brows and long lashes. She looked up at the vile
  beasts clustered around her, speaking in a language Satyra did not understand,
  but the terror in her eyes and voice needed no translation.  
One of the demons balled up a fist and struck the cowering girl in the mouth,
  knocking her down. She cried out and tried to fend them off, but they seized
  her and hauled her up to be struck in the face again.  
'No,' Satyra shouted, rattling her chains as she tired futilely to intervene.
  'Leave her alone.'  
The Yukhoth turned her way and she grew cold feeling their attention return
  to her, but she struggled to not show any fear. The dark girl huddled on the
  ground, weeping softly.  
'Beg for cock, cunt,' the leader snarled. 'If it wants us to stop hurting
  the other cunt, it has to beg.'  
Satyra twisted in her chains and looked with hatred at the sneering demon.
  The sight of the young girl surrounded by the stiff-pricked monsters filled
  her with pity and horror, but she knew what was at stake and stayed silent.  
The Yukhoth leader shrugged and waved to his followers.  
Two of them stepped forward with the lashes again while the other three scuffled
  near the whimpering desert girl until the two biggest had her kneeling between
  them, one holding her head and the other her slim waist.  
One of the whip carrying demons reached out and grabbed Satyra's right mammary
  in his clawed grip, squeezing hard. She bit her lip and moaned softly as he
  pinched the tender curve. The other flicked his whip out so the tails smacked
  against Satyra's midriff, making her tense her abdominals, her body quivering.  
Starved for the chance to properly express their lustful intentions towards
  their captive, the Yukhoth around the brawn skinned girl were far more to the
  point. As soon as the one behind had positioned himself he surged forward,
  his sticky demon shaft jabbing deep into the folds of the girl's exposed pudenda.
  She cried out and moved forward, but he grabbed her hips and hauled her back
  against him, pushing his cock-head further into her unprepared entrance. The
  girl sobbed wretchedly, crying out with every thrust as the demon grunted and
  laughed.  
'Bastards!' Satyra spat out, just as the creature holding her breast sliced
  her bulging boob crest with the whip. The demon's tough hide withstood the
  blow but bloody welt sprang across the surface of Satyra's imprisoned teat,
  and she yelped in pain. The next stroke felt even words and she cried out loud.
  With every stroke the troll squeezed worse and hit harder, eyes glowing with
  the passion of feeling the soft flesh it was flogging to bloody strips.  
The creature with the other whip caught the fervour of its companion and
  began plying its lash in earnest against Satyra's belly and the ridges of her
  stretched abdominal. It used a backhand stroke that flicked the whip ends viscously
  against the prisoner's skin, and felt like razor sharp claws tearing at the
  taught white flesh. Blood began to pool around the red-heads pelvis and the
  dip of her navel, and her diaphragm quivered as she sucked in air and tired
  to pull her stomach back from the cruel thongs. The effort only made her abdomen
  flatter and sexier, a fest for demon eyes as it sweated and shook and bled
  in concert with her shrieks.  
The demons fucking their dark skinned trophy enjoyed the spectacle as well,
  their eyes on the torture as they used the helpless girl roughly. The creature
  at the front had waited until a particularly loud outcry form the prisoner
  to push his green cock into her open mouth, and now his hands gripped her dark
  hair and used it to pull her lips back and forth around his shaft, raping her
  mouth. Strangled moans and cries emanated from the victim as the beast behind
  sank his impressive length to the hilt in her dry, unwilling channel, tearing
  her inside while its claws drew blood from its grip in her waist and tight
  little ass. The Yukhoth unlucky enough to be left watching held its cock and
  slapped it against the girls smooth back as it jerked off, hollering along
  with its brethren while the girl was pushed back and forth between the two
  monster penises reaming her front and back, her tits hanging down under her
  jumping and quivering with the force of the dual rape.  
As the demons fucking the girl thrust faster and harder with excitement,
  their friends with the whips became more energetic as well, moving back a little
  to really let fly with the terrible cords. Satyra had thought they had been
  hitting her hard when she was face down, but the strokes her back had endured
  proved mild in comparison with the punishment her front now endured. The cords
  struck with enough force to slide the skin like shallow knife-strokes. Instead
  of blood oozing though mild breaks, it ran freely from criss-crossing gouges
  and cuts, soaking her in ichor. Before long her upper body and midriff was
  a mass of ragged bleeding flesh, the skin flayed away in places to show the
  muscle and ligaments beneath. The creatures spared her face, possibly to better
  enjoy the sight of those gorgeous features twisted by howls of animal suffering,
  but not and inch of the rest of between her navel and neck was spared. Her
  upper arms and shoulders felt as if acid had been used to scour away the skin,
  and Satyra squirmed on a slab now slick with her own red blood.  
She drew in breath to scream, and the mounds of her breasts leaked more crimson
  fluid, their contours still firm and commanding but their delicate smoothness
  turned into agonized mounds of broken, lacerated femininity, the taught nipple
  obscured by slivers of torn skin and clots of blood. Only the throaty howls
  of the priestess and the frantic shaking of her horned head when the thongs
  struck the breast-peaks attested to the nubbins continued presence.  
Satyra soon sank into a rising tide of pain that washed over her in ever
  mounting waves, reducing her to a thing of torn flesh and desperate, broken
  screams. The jerking movements of her body as the whips tore at her sent messages
  of agony from the pattern of whip-slices covering her chest and torso, but
  she was as powerless to prevent her bodies instinctive response to the flogging
  as she was to spare the young woman being used by the demons as a mere fuck-toy
  while they watched her brutalized. Her head hung back over the slab, rising
  only when an especially terrible blow sent her into convulsions of pain, and
  her red hair was damp and matted with sweat. The screams coming from her red
  lips did not even seem to be her won, but rather separate entities that tore
  themselves from her, demanding escape.  
Watching and enjoying the show the Yukhoth fucking the desert girl came over
  and over, swapping positions now and then but never abandoning their pumping
  assault for long. If one of the whip-wielders could pull his fellow away to
  replace him in the flogging, he instantly took up the pistoning abuse, the
  girl's mouth and pink pussy soon dripping with demonic cum.  
Satyra opened her own mouth to scream again and choked on a job of hot fluid.
  She choked and made out the leaders dripping prick in front of her face as
  the head sent forth another spray of semen, spattering her eyes and horns.
  She gagged and dry wretched, the muscular contractions adding to the pain in
  her flayed torso. The leader laughed and punched her hard in the face, wiping
  his dripping phallus in her damp hair.  
As the head demon stood back the whips stopped their endless, terrible cracking.
  Satyra lay utterly exhausted in her chains, breathing feebly, sobbing like
  a child and moaning in pain as blood from her split lip filled her mouth with
  the taste of metal.  
A demon came over with a bucket and emptied fresh brine over her open wounds.
  Satyra's head snapped up and she screamed at the top of her lungs, a piercing
  sound or raw pain. She fell back and thrashed uncontrollably as the burning
  liquid set fire to her exposed nerve ending. As her breasts danced like jelly
  the salt water washed away the blood covering them, revealing the Underworld
  magic already knitting up the hideous wounds done by the whips just as it did
  the tear in her red curving lips, leaving her fresh and unmarked to hurt again
  and again.  
The leader came over to pull up her jiz stained face, looking into her green
  eyes. He studies her closely, smirking. 'Tough cunt,' he grunted. 'Tougher
  than most. Most cunts nice and soft.' He nodded to where his followers were
  still raping the young dusky skinned brunette without cease.  
The demon used one hand to finger Satrya's curling ram's horns. She was too
  tired to attempt to pull away. 'Nice,' he commented. 'Reminds me of Sadiste.'
  He leaned closer, his breath foul in her nostrils. 'We hurt her too, sometimes,
  when it pleases the master. Hurt in all sorts of ways. She's tough as well.
  Screams nice, wiggles nice. Like this does.' He pawed her shoulder and one
  of her again smooth breasts.  
'I'm&hellip;nothing&hellip;like her,' Satyra gasped weakly. The demon was
  fingering hr nipple, and she closed her eyes as she felt him touching her.
  Wishing she could stop it, knowing she couldn't.  
'Think so?' the demon said softly. He turned to look at her and smiled evilly.
  'We'll see.'  
Part VIII  
Fractures  
The demons dragged the sobbing, cum stained prisoner closer to Satyra, close
  enough for the red headed priestess to make out the individual globs of semen
  covering her face. The girl's lithe brown body trembled as she fought to recover
  from the exhausting repeated double rapes.  
'Gonna play a game,' the chief said, still tweaking Satyra's plump white
  breast. 'Gonna see which cunt can make other scream the nicest.' He released
  Satyra and ambled over to the young brunette, running his claws through her
  bobbed black hair so she lifted her chin. As the girls' head came up the chief
  presented his cock in front of her and to the ram-horned Chevaan's disgust
  she compliantly began kissing and licking the scaled shaft. The Yukhoth smiled
  down at his slave. 'Cunt who can make other scream best, gets to rest a while.'  
Satyra flexed her muscles, twisting a little in dreadful anticipation. 'I
  won't play,' she said firmly.  
The trollish demon shrugged and turned to look down at the ducky beauty servicing
  his stiffened member. 'Will it make the cunt scream for us?' he asked  
The girl looked up then glanced over at the bound priestess. Satyra met her
  gaze from the slab. 'They can do anything to our bodies,' she said to the girl,
  her voice even and firm, 'but they can only take our souls if we let them.'  
The girl blinked but said nothing, her dark eyes travelling along the length
  of the Chevaan's nude form. The Underworld magic had already healed much of
  the damage from the whips, but the remaining welts and bruises, coupled with
  the lingering pain on the satyr-woman's face, told of the anguish she had already
  endured. The girl let her eyes rest on Satyra's cleft between her spread thighs,
  less than a foot from her face, then looked up to meet the Priestesses level
  stare again. Then she smiled wickedly.  
The lead Yukhoth smiled to and released his hold on the girl's hair. Without
  instruction the brunette rose and stepped towards the shackled priestess, smiling
  the whole time.  
'You don't have to do this,' Satyra said, her eyes and the girls locked together,
  but she already knew it was futile. The look in those deep dark eyes was of
  hope mixed with malice; this girl was prepared to do anything for a moments
  respite from her masters' attentions, including inflict the suffering she herself
  endured on another helpless victim. As she climbed up beside Satyra on the
  stone slab the lascivious movements of her tanned body were all designed to
  entertain the demons who had just moment before brutally gang-fucked her, just
  so she could enjoy a brief interlude to her eternal torments.  
The slave girl moved up alongside Satyra on the slab, her soft hands reaching
  out to caress the fully healed skin of the chained woman's abdomen. They travelled
  up over the ridge of her sternum and between the rises of her ample chest,
  teasing lightly with a feather touch, then travelling up the crest of one of
  these soft orbs to cup the nipple, squeezing gently. The whole time the girl
  kept her eyes on Satyra's, a look of growing triumph in her eyes as she started
  to realise that her fellow prisoner was not only unable but unwilling to resist
  her. Satyra held her eyes with her own, her gaze unflinching as the girls hands
  touched her with undeserved intimacy.  
The girl shifted her weight a little, pressing down on the tit she was holding,
  applying pressure so that it was squashed out around the prison of her fingers.
  Those digits closed inwards, pinching the rounded flesh in an ever tightening
  grip, then twisting cruelly. Satyra did not move but winced as the pain started
  to grow in her trapped breast-mound, the passion now lighting the gaze of her
  tormentor a sign that this was not just a matter of survival for her fellow
  captive; the girl was enjoying hurting her just as she herself had been abused
  by the demons.  
'Mmmmm, that must be uncomfortable,' said a lilting voice beside her, and
  Satyra moved her head to see Sadiste standing by the head of the stone slab,
  leaning back to inspect the continuing abuse of the red-heads breasts. 'I'll
  bet their still tender from the whipping, too.'  
Satyra said nothing, especially since Sadiste was fully correct and the evil
  pinching and yanking of her boob was making her eyes water a little. The girl
  was straddling her now and using both hands to manipulate the vulnerable mammaries,
  while the Yukhoth cheered her on.  
'You know, I don't think this little bitch gives a flying fuck that you don't
  want to hurt her,' the crimson skinner Sadiste continued, turning around and
  leaning over to put her face near to Satyra's own. One red finger traced the
  outline of the suffering Chevaan's left horn. 'I think she's just getting off
  on hurting you  .'  
The girl brought her full weight down on Satyra's gorgeous breasts and dug
  her nails in, gouging the nipples with her thumbs. She pulled hard, lifting
  the priestess a little from the slab by her full flesh-melons and then slamming
  her back against the stone. Satyra blinked away tears. 'I'm not playing your
  sick little games,' she said through gritted teeth as the abuse continued,
  worsened.  
'Whatever you want,' Sadiste replied casually, still fingering the horns
  smooth curve. 'I daresay your young friend here isn't going to complain. She's
  from a country called Egypt, by the way. She was a slave there, too, when she
  was alive. They can be very hard on their slaves, I believe. Very&hellip;imaginative.
  But you'll find that out for yourself soon enough.'  
The girl got a finger and thumb grip on Satyra's nipples and pinched brutally,
  pulling them in toward the centre. Satyra sucked in air and murmured a pained
  retort, felling her nubs being twisted and the nerves conducting their howl
  of protest through her breasts. She moved her head to shoot a curse at the
  leering demoness, but the red skinned hellion had vanished as suddenly and
  silently as she had appeared.  
Apparently oblivious to the exchange that had just occurred, the Egyptian
  girl continued her attentions to Satyra's c swelling breasts, dipping her head
  to flick the nipples with a pick wet tongue. The process stirred the oval buds
  to even greater hardness, making the priestess wriggle a little &ndash; those
  pale pink nerve clusters were still sensitive from being flayed by the Yukhoth's
  whips, and the stimulation of the girls generous mouth muscle was sending messages
  to Satyra's brain that brought a completely undesired response, one that the
  red-head desperately hoped that Sadiste never became aware of.  
Abandoning her licking the girl grabbed one of the chained woman's tits in
  another firm grip, just hard enough to become uncomfortable. Holding tight
  she pulled the peak of flesh into her mouth, forming a seal with her lips and
  sucking diligently. Satyra felt her imprisoned boob-crest pulled into the slave
  girl's orifice by the vacuum as the tongue within continued its attentions,
  running all around the surface of the smooth mam-mountain, forcing Satyra to
  close her eyes to try and block out the ever mounting stimulation. The Yukhoth
  were masturbating openly again by now, as the Egyptian raised her hips to give
  them a good view of her ass and the pouting pussy they had so recently been
  savagely pummelling with their fuck-staffs. Satyra's own fem-meat pouted less
  than a foot below, two prime pieces of pussy hovering near each other making
  the jerking movements of the demons hands on their pricks even more enthusiastic.  
Satyra pressed her lips into a thin line. She couldn't believe any woman
  would so willingly debase herself for the enjoyment of her rapists. Was there
  no limit to what this girl would sink to?  
Then the Egyptian abandoned her sucking, pinning one diamond hard nipple
  between her teeth and biting down hard.  
'Aaaahhhhhrrrrrrrr!!!' The exclamation of pain flew from Satrya's lips before
  she could prevent it, feeling the nubbin of her teat ground between the white
  ridges of the girl's teeth. The dusky Egyptian smiled up at her from where
  her mouth was clamped around her breast and shifted, using her back molars
  to get at the abused nipple, chewing and grinding at it while Satyra shook
  her head from side to side and felt hot tears coursing from her green eyes.  
With undisguised glee the naked slave girl used her sharp teeth to savage
  Satyra's prominent girl-mounds, scratching and pinching with her hands while
  she bit and chewed at the vulnerable white orbs. Soon bruises and teeth marks
  could be seen on the pale skin whenever the beauteous desert waif moved her
  head to inflict misery onto to some new patch of soft smooth womanliness, while
  the helpless priestess trembled in pain and indignation.  
Grabbing the side of one of those exquisite boobs the girl brought it to
  her mouth, snapping down hard and biting for all she was worth, hard enough
  to pierce the skin and draw blood. Satyra gave another cry of pain and fought
  in her chains, feeling the Egyptian's teeth ripping her flesh and the hot flow
  of blood again coming forth to mingle with the sheen of sweat and saliva covering
  her shaking chest melons. She yelped and moaned as the process was repeated
  over and over, until every inch of her naked tits felt bruised, battered and
  swollen by the dark skinned sluts vicious attack.  
Sitting up the girl looked down at the priestess chained beneath her, licking
  the salty blood from her lips and leering in triumph. She seemed utterly without
  remorse at the hurt she had caused her fellow prisoner. Holding onto the hurting
  breasts she rubbed her pubis against Satyra's hips and lower abdomen, frigging
  herself shamelessly while the Yukhoth standing about called encouragement and
  jerked vile fluids from the ends of their scaly pizzles. Satyra looked up at
  her tormentor through her dishevelled red hair, panting in pain and mounting
  anger in time to the breathy gasps of the Dark girl's moans of joy as she used
  the prisoner's helpless body to pleasure herself.  
The Yukhoth leader cam to stand next to the girls as she straddled Satyra,
  grabbing her arm and pulling her toward him so that her could whisper into
  her ear where was covered by the shiny black coif of her straight bobbed hair.
  The girl listened, keeping her dark eyes fixed on Satrya's all green ones,
  nodding as she received instructions. Then the demon let her go and she moved
  back up to balance over the ram-horned priestess.  
Still staring at Satyra, the girl released her grip on the Chevaan's sore
  tits and leaned back, reclining her weight against the bound prisoner's pelvis
  and moving her legs so that her knees come up beneath Satyra's armpits and
  she was kneeling with her toes either side of the red-heads sensual waist.
  One hand came up to cup one of her own modest tits, caressing it gently in
  marked contrast to e relentless abuse she had inflicted on Satyra's own bruised
  mammaries. She smiled as her fingers tweaked her brown nipples playfully, rocking
  herself gently on the Chevaan's lap to continue the stimulation of her womanly
  parts while her tight brown ass cheeks massaged the chained holy-woman's inner
  thighs. Satyra's only response to this new lechery was to continue to glare
  up at the other woman, full of frustration as her full round breasts slowly
  healed themselves of their latest hurts.  
With exaggerated sensuality the Egyptian minx slid her hand from the nipple
  down towards her belly, past her navel and on down to where the shadow of her
  feminine cleft rested near Satyra's own vale of desire. Light brown fingers
  sought put the puckered tan lips and wiggled beyond, teasing and tickling as
  the girl worked on her own pleasure centre, gently masturbating herself atop
  the shackled prisoner. Her eyes closed and little moans of pleasure dribbled
  from her lips as her body rocked and undulated to a sexual rhythm.  
Satyra watched the shameless display in disbelief and disgust, shocked that
  any woman would debase herself so willingly for her captors. As she fought
  to ignore the persistent rubbing of the Dark girls tight ass against her nether
  regions, she noticed the little tramps other arm moving behind her body as
  she leaned back, exposing more of her fingers sex-play to view but also allowing
  her hand to move down to where Satyra's own labia lay nestled near the slave-girls
  buttocks. Those expert digits quickly found the Chevaan's entrance and pushed
  the outer gates aside to brush the pink slit within with tender scorn. The
  satyr-woman's efforts to close her legs to the invasion were futile as the
  groaning desert waif continued to rock back and frig herself with her right
  hand as her left began to tease and rub Satyra's female anatomy in earnest.  
Watching the gathered demon henchmen took in the spectacle of their will-less
  fuck toy wanking joyfully while she finger raped the struggling red haired
  beauty. The dark girl moved her hips in a soft gyration as she rode the stubborn
  Chevaan cunt and used her other hand to worm her way into the heart of the
  priestess' pussy, sliding her fingers in and out as she massaged the hidden
  nub of the pale woman's sex. Their hands were a blur as they tugged at their
  phallic organs and drops of devil cum coated the stone floor.  
For her part Satyra let her head fall back as waves of pleasure began to
  radiate from the waif's skilled caress, filling the hot space between her legs
  and then spreading out through her body. She closed her eyes but could not
  close her mind to the tingling as it ran up through her belly and across the
  curved surface of her breast, making the nipples stand to attention as she
  instinctively arched her back ever so slightly in response. Satyra wanted to
  make herself neutral to the heat coursing through her flesh, but nothing her
  mind could do would stop the rising tide of sexual energy moving through her
  ever more strongly. She wept quietly at the shame of it as she felt the lithe
  body of the girl moving on her lap, the memory of that nubile brown body niggling
  at her as her vagina began to quiver under the assault of pleasure.  
Seeing her victim slowly succumbing to her attentions the Egyptian moved
  quickly, rising off Satyra's lap and spinning around on the slab. As Satyra
  opened her eyes in surprise she was shocked to find herself suddenly staring
  up at the dark purple lips of the slave-girl's moistened vagina as the girl
  settled her crotch over the priestess' face with her own head looking down
  at the exposed feminine charms of the red-head.  
As the odour of the girls juices washed over her the head Yukhoth appeared
  again to speak. 'Cunt must make other cunt scream,' he rasped, while the curve
  of Satyra's horns brushed the Dark girl's smooth inner thighs.  
Satyra shook her head, red curls drifting across her eyes. 'No,' she hissed.  
'Cunt screams itself then,' grunted the demon.  
Reaching up the beast grabbed the Egyptians ass and shoved it down, pushing
  the girls open pussy right onto Satyra's face. The priestess thrashed as the
  wet woman-meat enveloped her, overpowering her with its humid scent.  
For her part the Egyptian lost no time in beginning to rub her inflamed loins
  on Satyra's face, humping the Chevaan's nose, chin and lips while those wonderful
  horns caressed her sensitive thighs. As Satyra struggled to get her mouth free
  to suck in air her efforts only added to the delight the black-haired vixen
  felt electrifying her love hole. Pinioned to the stone in the midst of her
  enemies Satyra experienced the humiliation she thought she would never have
  to endure &ndash; to be raped by another female captive!  
But the nubile Egyptian had more in mind for her helpless love toy than mere
  face-fucking. The Yukhoth had made the conditions of the contest clear, and
  the long suffering daughter of the Nile had no intention of recommencing her
  eternal torment a second before she had to; not while this foolish fire-haired
  demon woman was prepared to allow her free reign over her sturdy white body.
  As her crotch rubbed back and forth across the horned woman lovely face, smearing
  it with her juices, the tanned girl reached down to part the pussy lips open
  and vulnerable below her, while at the same time moving her hand towards the
  short stiff whip left conveniently on the stone by one of the furiously wanking
  devil trolls.  
Satyra felt the fingers invading her again as she struggled to find relief
  from the musky wetness smothering her, the knowing digits once more gaining
  access to her feminine sanctuary to betray her with their understanding of
  its secrets. The fingers pulled the labia aside and stretched her vaginal lips
  wide, uncomfortably wide, exposing the priestess totally to her torturers.
  At any moment Satyra knew she would feel the brush of that merciless tongue
  lapping at her inmost being, turning her into a whore for these unholy scum,
  making her twitch and moan with pleasure more horrible than death.  
Then her universe shattered into a million burning fragments as the crop
  crashed down into the middle of her sex.  
'YYYYYYYRRRRRRRNNNNNNNNFFFFFFFFF!!!!!'  
Satyra arched up, ramming her face deep into the slippery cleft of the Egyptian
  as pain took control of her and made her its bitch. Her chained legs kicked
  wildly and she wrenched at her wrist chains as her stifled scream vibrated
  through the pussy of her tormenter, making her groan in abandon.  
Feeling the idiot red-heads mouth releasing its pain directly into her pussy,
  the Egyptian reared back and struck again, eager for more. The stiff hide slashed
  deep into the pliant pink valley and another muffled wail sent shivers of pleasure
  through the black haired girls undulating sexiness.  
With her fingers dug cruelly into the ultra-sensitive girl-flesh, the Egyptian
  went to work with the crop mercilessly, tearing into the Chevaan's screaming
  sex-wound again and again and again. The gaping channel of the ram-horned priestess
  was soon swollen and bleeding beneath the continuous flogging, the pain and
  horror of it reducing the owner of that sensuous cavity to a thing of animalistic
  screams and spasming, erotic convulsions. As she whipped her victim's lacerated
  cunt 'til it took the priestess to the edge of madness, the Egyptian ground
  her own sex-flesh down onto Satrya's face. Using the horrific shrieks and mindless
  thrashing to bring her own self to an unbelievable orgasm, she gyrated atop
  the howling satyr-woman and released the white-hot flare of energy at the core
  of her female being, the gorgeous desert tramp barely remembered to keep her
  lips tightly closed, lest her own screams of pleasure count against her in
  the demons sadistic reverie.  
Beneath the suffocating girl-soaked loins Satyra waged a desperate, losing
  battle to retain he grip on sanity as the centre of her feminine being was
  ripped apart lash by brutal lash. There was no hope of containing the pain
  that was blossoming like an angry sun between her legs, no hope of denying
  the monstrous violation; no hope at all. Only pain &ndash; terrible, awful,
  soul-shredding pain. It rose and fell like the boiling molten rock that welled
  from the Earth, every strike of the cruel sharp hide into her womanhood an
  inferno of suffering that forced the primal screams from her mouth like an
  eruption of agony. Her body heaved with the force of an earthquake, the flat
  plains of her abdomen rippling and shifting in an undulating pattern while
  mountain breasts trembled and danced with tectonic fury. Her arms and legs
  jerked powerfully at the chains binding them, snapping the coarse metal links
  taught, blood from her broken flesh oozing around the shackles as she heaved
  up, crashed back against the pitiless rock, heaved again.  
The Yukhoth watching the spectacle were transfixed in their masturbation
  by the sight of the two gorgeous females, one suffering, one rutting furiously,
  both their spectacular bodies moving like avatars of sex.  
The Egyptian pummelled Satyra's face with her loins, lost in her swelling
  climax. She moaned like a whore as she continued to whip the Chevaan's pussy,
  flogging the ultra-tactile pinkness raw and riding the horrific screams drilling
  into her own tunnel. The far more delicious heat between her thighs rose to
  a crescendo as she clenched her teeth and came hard, humping Satyra's face
  while she paused in the twat-flogging to grab tit, her own and Satyra's; the
  one to tweak and fondle, the other to twist and maul as the orgasm flooded
  her dusky young body.  
Beneath the climaxing waif, the break in the torment lacerating her most
  sacred space gave Satyra the chance to recover some of her senses. The frantic
  motion of her sister prisoner and the coursing juices flowing from the cunny
  in her face told her all she needed to know of what was happening, and as the
  pain faded slightly it was replaced by disgust, and then quickly to bubbling
  anger. Satyra would have suffered any torment rather than defile another woman,
  but this shameless desert slut had sloughed off any sense of decency. Satyra's
  honour and sacrifice meant nothing to this damned thing, and as she felt the
  girl straddling her rising and falling in pleasure born of her pain the Priestess
  thoughts grew as red as the flaming hair tumbling down towards the stone floor.
  Rage drove out her pain. Rage, and the need for vengeance.  
The girl was beginning to slow as her climax ebbed, and she tightened her
  grip on the whip to employ it once more on the sweet-meat before her. But before
  she could strike, Satyra seized her chance and acted. As the pussy lips smearing
  themselves over her lifted slightly, the Priestess jerked her head upward,
  opened her mouth to encompass those drizzling edges of flesh, and bit!  
Above the Egyptian froze in mid groan, feeling her labia suddenly pinned
  between the red-heads jaws, the teeth biting down hard on the soft pubic meat.
  She gasped and tried to lift herself up, but the chained woman hung on like
  and angry hound, trapping the folds of pleasure with her jaws and holding on,
  biting and gnawing. The brown girl's eyes became frantic as she felt the painful
  chewing and grinding of her sex, while at the same time Satyr found just enough
  slack in her chained arms to move her hands round to seize the Egyptians slender
  ankles, preventing her from further attempt to rise.  
Trapped the slave girl became increasingly desperate, teeth clenched to hold
  back her screams as Satyra savaged her pussy. She threw her body around but
  could not pull herself free. She tied pushing against Satrya's body with her
  hands but the vengeful grip of the priestess was too strong. Unable to find
  any escape the Egyptian again lifted the short whip still in her hand and took
  aim.  
With the taste of the nubile desert-dweller's labia in her mouth Satyra felt
  the pain once more flare in her mons Eros. But rather than cry out she used
  the pain to make her bite harder, harder. More torment blazed through her cleft
  as the Egyptian whipped her ever more frantically, but each stride only tightened
  her grip as she ground her teeth against the slaves tender fem-cleft.  
Now sobbing desperately as her sweat-coated body fought to escape, the girl
  leaned far over and stabbed her fingers deep into Satyra's sex, prying the
  flesh either side wide as she sought the half-satyr's ultimate womanliness.
  Satyra felt the change and shoved her face deep into the minx's pussy, her
  tongue swirling and probing as the Egyptian tried to keep herself moving. It
  was a race to see which woman would find the others most intimate secret first.  
Satyra felt the whip bite her pussy deep inside, and the nausea almost made
  her let go her teeth. She shook in pain but hung on. Another blow landed closer
  to her tiny flesh hood, and her body soaked in sweat writhed, tearing at her
  bondage, but she hung on. The brown girl used her free hand to rip at Satyra's
  bouncing tits like claws, ripping the pliant flesh, but the red-head continued.
  She chewed her way into the Egyptian's she-meat, questing with tooth and tongue,
  seeking the prize. Fear and desperation lashed her harder than the whip as
  she felt the strap strike again, less than an inch from her love-nub, the pain
  extreme. The next blow would surely land squarely on the hood itself and she
  would be lost.  
As the Egyptian raised the whip and gazed down at the revealed target with
  triumph in her tear-filled dark eyes, Satyra's tongue brushed the hard bump
  of the girl's clitoris. Without thought of mercy the priestess moved her head
  and bit!  
The shriek that filled the cavern was unbelievable. The Egyptian's whole
  little form arced back, her spine bent so sharply it seemed it must shatter.
  Her breasts pointed at the ceiling and her red lips sent forth a scream of
  ultimate suffering, of grotesque physical anguish mixed with the despair of
  total defeat, and the knowledge of what it meant.  
On the stone slab Satyra tore at her enemy's vulnerable sex with fury. The
  intimate knowledge of female anatomy, the gentle skill with which she used
  her red mouth to tease and caress and pleasure Conine's intimate tenderness
  she now used with merciless fury, making the Egyptian slave suffer horrifically.
  As she felt and heard her opponent shriek in surrender she felt a wave of triumph,
  a not-entirely un-sexual warmth that tingled through her body, easing the hurt
  still throbbing in her whip-slashed womanhood.  
About the stone jism flew thick and fast as the demons loosed their most
  potent load yet at the sight. Blood was flowing down over the white satyr-girls
  chin and between her breasts as she savaged the Egyptian's cunt with animal
  rage. The wailing girl dropped the whip and clawed at the air with her long
  fingers, screaming continuously, her diaphragm expanding to suck in air for
  each new hideous outcry. Her black bobbed hair flew about as her head shook
  from side to side, anguish written in every edge and shadow of her sensual
  form.  
At last the demons ran dry and several stepped forward to grab the desert
  woman and drag her off the stone. So furious was Satyra's assault that they
  had to pry her jaws apart to release the sobbing slave, her pubic region a
  mass of mauled red flesh. Satyra sucked in air and let her head fall back,
  the glow of her victory fading as exhaustion set in. Her red hair was lank
  and lifeless and her beautiful pale face covered in a sticky mixture of she-fluids
  and blood.  
'Cunt did good,' the leader said with a smile, and Satyra was too spent to
  reply. She let her head loll back and could not even muster energy to curse
  as the demon patted her breast as she drew fresh air into her lungs.  
The Yukhoth dragged the weeping slave away and returned for the Chevaan,
  releasing her manacles and bundling her off the stone. Satyra could offer no
  resistance as the creatures carried her from the chamber the same way she had
  come in, hands pawing her more erotic areas as they shuffled out.  
Back in the cavern Sadiste moved through the doorway and crossed to the slab.
  Sweat, blood and sex gave it a shining wet gleam in the ruddy light. The session
  had gone well, better than she had hoped.  
'Strong,' grunted the demon chief, and he held up one of the wrist chains
  that had held Satyra bound to the plinth. Several of the links were stretched
  and one had actually started to snap though from the force of the half-satyr's
  exertions. 'Another minute, maybe less, would have snapped clean.'  
'Or pulled right out of the stone,' murmured the red-skinned hellion, looking
  at one of the ankle chains. The rock where the metal was fastened to the slab
  was laced with a spider web of fractures. 'Very impressive.'  
'Yah,' grunted the Yukhoth, fondling his semi-hard member. 'Good show.' He
  smiled evilly at the demoness. 'You better be careful &ndash; satyr cunt does
  get loose, she might have something to say to you.'  
Sadiste smiled at the grotesque little demon, her eyes narrowing as she shared
  the Yukhoth's laughter. Turning away she sauntered towards the door, hips swaying
  alluringly so the creature did not notice her hand reaching towards the wall.
  He jerked his cock harder and turned back to the slab, his dirty little mind
  still filled with the sights and sounds of the red-haired Amazon's torture  
'Oh my dearest,' Sadiste purred, half turning her horned head to look over
  her shoulder. He looked back around at her as her wrist flicked and the whip
  lashed out with supernatural skill the end tearing into the little demons face
  just below the ridged brow of his forehead so that he reeled back, screaming
  in pain.  
'You have something in your eye,' smiled Sadiste, and then dropped the whip
  and left the mewling Yukhoth grovel on the floor and clutch the bloody ruin
  of his yellow orb.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Part IX 
Between Two Rocks 
Satyra groaned in sobbed in pain and for the hundredth time tried uselessly
  to find a way to alleviate her suffering. 
The red-haired priestess lay face down on a slab of grey stone in a chamber
  much like the one she had last been tortured in. After her session with the
  Yukhoth and their Egyptian sex-slave the beautiful Chevaan had believed that
  her captors would again cast her into a cave by herself to be alone and think
  about what hideous suffering they would force her to endure next. 
She had been half right. 
After she was dragged from the Yukhoth cave the two demons she had seen with
  Sadiste when she first arrived in the Underworld were waiting for her. They
  had taken her from the Yukhoth, who glared at the larger creatures but were
  clearly too terrified of their more powerful brethren to protest the loss of
  their new toy. Then the pair of warrior demons had carried the exhausted satyr
  woman to this new abode. 
Once inside the creatures had wasted no time in playing with their prisoner.
  Satyra was to spent by her whipping ad her duel with the Egyptian slutress
  to do more than glare hatefully at the monsters as they had cast her belly
  down on the slab in the middle of the room, her head hanging over the end of
  the rock facing the ground as they spread her legs to either side of the stone
  and fixed her ankle to shackles near the base. While they bound her the pair
  used their taloned hands to grope her body, grabbing her firm ass where the
  bondage had it thrust back invitingly as pulling her hair back to raise her
  head and give them access to her full breasts where they lay pillowed against
  the rough surface. They had squeezed and twisted and scratched the luscious
  globes of her chest while she cried silently, finally letting her loose so
  that she collapsed forward onto the gravely top of rock, breathing deeply and
  trying to regain her composure. 
The red demon, Vhyl, though, had no such plans in mind for her. Grab her
  arms,' he had snarled, and his toadish companion Fylth had hastened to comply.
  The monster had grasped her by the upper arms and pulled her head back again,
  while at the same time using the leverage of his hold to keep her torso pushed
  down against the rock. Satyra had been forced to arch her back painfully, her
  fulsome breasts brushing the stone and her belly and groin mashed down upon
  the slabs surface while her long legs tapered down on either side, knees bent
  a little forward as if she were straddling a horse for a swift gallop. The
  rocky surface was hard and rough and the edges tormented the still smarting
  meat of her sex. 
A ratcheting sound and the noise of chain links jingling had inspired the
  ram-horned beauty to twist herself around to look behind her. As her neck and
  back muscles cramped with the effort she had seen Vhyl working a length of
  chain that had been fastened to the wall and ran up to the ceiling. In the
  shadows above her, se sensed something moving ponderously and bent her head
  back to look up. 
Descending slowly towards her in a gently arc was another piece of stone,
  larger and much heavier looking than the one Satyra had been fixed to. It was
  cylindrical, its surface having a shining grey look to it, like wet granite.
  It was not difficult to see that if it kept descending it come to rest directly
  on top of the slab I the middle of the room. 
And its helpless female occupant. 
Panicking Satyra had tried to struggle free but the demon holding her was
  a strong as he was hideous. There was nothing she could do to escape as the
  huge rock above moved down over her. 
When the stone had been close enough for her to feel it pressing down on the
  curling flame hair of her head, it had stopped. 
Vhyl had done something with the chain he had been working, apparently locking
  the stone in place, then he had come over to assist his companion. Each had
  taken an arm and pulled it back so far that Satyra had yelped in pain as it
  felt like her limbs were bind dislocated from her shoulders. With brutal disregard
  the demons had dragged her arms upwards behind her until they had her wrists
  on either side of the curving stone block above, and had then fastened them
  there with another set of metal cuffs, the sharp edged digging painfully into
  her wrists as gravity and the limits of her spine's ability to bend tried to
  drag her down towards the floor. 
The raising of her arms had given the pair of monsters a fine view of her
  breasts, which jutted forth proudly as her shoulders were hauled backwards
  by the position of her arms. Vhyl had taken the opportunity to fondle those
  round samples of female flesh and their hard pink nipples cruelly, the now
  chalk white skin soon showing fresh bruises and scratches from his mild abuse. 
This is just love-play compared to what awaits you when we have your soul,'
  the demon had growled. Lord Vulgus doesn't appreciate being made to wait for
  his pleasures, so the more you fight, the longer and more terrible your suffering
  will be when you are his.' The demon had pinched one nipple so hard his talons
  had drawn blood, practically skewering her tit-meat as her leered down at her. Once
  he'd done with your Chevaan pussy, maybe he let the rest of us have a turn
  at fucking you. I'm gonna make you scream like a little bitch when I've got
  my ten inches inside your cunt!' 
Satyra had not had even the strength to curse him, trying to ease the terrible
  pressure on her back, feeling as though her spine were about to shatter into
  bony fragments inside her body. 
Relief had come when Fylth had taken up Vhyl's place at the wall chain and
  begun lowering the stone above again, Satyra sighing audibly as her body was
  allowed to fall slowly forward, the terrible pressure on the small of her back
  diminishing as she eased downwards. She panted fitfully and drank in the absence
  of pain. 
But her moment of rest was short lived. In less than a minute the stone had
  lowered so far that the tips of Satrya's pale breasts were brushing the stone
  slab on which the demons had laid her. 
With obvious relish the toad faced Fylth had continued to lower her. 
The pain had begun in her pelvis and first, no worse than if she had banged
  against a table, but constant. Soon the weight of the stone had increased that
  dull annoyance to a sharp pain. 
As the stone came further down, it began to apply pressure to her lower abdomen.
  Breathing became more difficult. Her flat belly became even flatter, melded
  up against the unyielding surface she lay upon as the pressure on her lower
  spine built up to painful levels, making her gasp and wince with every little
  downward jerk of the crushing block. By then her nipples were out of sight
  as the fleshy mounds of her tits were pillowed against the rock. Several more
  links of the chain and those fabulous orbs had also begun to suffer as they
  reached the limit of their elasticity and the mass grinding Satyra down put
  the twin peaks under unnatural pressure, the globes bulging out to the side
  and beginning to feel as if they were to full of blood, the pulse of her veins
  building up to a hammering rhythm in her ample chest. Satyra barely notices
  that pulsing beat though; by then the weight on her loser body had built from
  pain to constant agony and her head and shoulders had been working frantically
  to try and squirm out from beneath the descending stone, a useless gesture
  that made the attending demons laugh and gibber, watching her more and more
  frantic struggles. 
She hadn't cried out loud until the terrible force had cracked her pelvic
  bone with an audible snap that was immediately drowned out by her continuous,
  shrill scream. 
And then the weight had increased. 
By the time the sadistic duo had completed their task barely eight inches
  had remained between the upper and lower blocks, Satyra's magnificent female
  form sandwiched between the two stratas from her collar bone down to her backside.
  Her head and shoulders were free of the crushing stone and her face gleamed
  with a covering of sweat, the beautiful features a glowing mask of pain. She
  had struggled to draw air into her compressed lungs, gasping like a fish panting
  hauled from the waters, managed a feeble whimpering screech before needing
  to suck I air again. 
Watching the demons had moved around to where her head protruded from beneath
  the huge weight. The sight of her gorgeous features pinched with agony and
  her alabaster white skin turning blue from asphyxia had quickly raised the
  libidos of the two to new heights, their stiffened cocks waving in front of
  her gasping flame haired visage until their jerking fists had sprayed her lips
  and nose and cheeks with a fresh coating of underworld semen. 
Then they had left. 
Trapped in the hideously cramped gap between the two pieces of stone, Satyra
  had quickly come to a new understanding of suffering. Without even needing
  to be present, her captors tortured her young body with pain she had never
  believed possible. Her head pounded with throbbing anguish as she struggled
  to breathe. Her diaphragm and guts felt as if they would burst and spill her
  organs our on the ground; she could feel her heart being squeezed up into her
  throat with every spasming irregular beat. Drops of sweat ran down her face
  and into her eyes, tormenting her. Even worse were the ones that coated her
  body under the stone, where she couldn't shake them free. Every itch of the
  rough stones digging into her flesh became unbearable anguish. She instinctively
  tried wriggling, but quickly found that it only added to her nightmare as her
  tender flesh was ground against the coarse stone by her movement, its white
  softness stretched and torn against the far more durable rock. 
Satyra moaned, trying to distract herself from her torture by analysing the
  unexpected subtleties of what looked so bluntly simple. If she moved, she hurt.
  If she tried remaining still, the torment became unbearable. The weight was
  terrible, constant, but just barely endurable  at least at the purely physical
  level. Her Sadiste-given fortitude kept her alive, her body acting to heal
  itself, but rather than ease her pain, the constant regeneration was just another
  torture. Satyra could feel her bones trying to mend themselves, only to be
  prevented by the awful compression grinding and cracking them. She lay at a
  balance point between healing and suffering, shuddering and sobbing. As the
  hours being horribly squashed grew more and more, Satyra felt her emotional
  control slipping. Tears and whimpers became throaty screams of frustration,
  rage, blind fury. Her hands outside the rock vice worked like claws. Sometimes
  she would struggle so powerfully she felt new bones in her ribs and shoulders
  cracking while she coughed blood from her ruptured heart even as it instantly
  rejuvenated itself. The pain would fuel her rag until exhaustion overcame her
  and her head would fall forward, hair lank with sweat, fighting against despair. 
How long she lay in the crusher, she did not know. Days; a week. Every part
  of her imprisoned form hurt her  chest, abdomen, her breasts, her female parts
  mashed into the jagged surface of the block. She felt madness tickling the
  corners of her mind and wept brokenly, wishing only for death. 
Sounds of footfalls roused her from her dance with insanity. They were light,
  not the heavy tread of the warrior demons, but not the skittering gait of the
  Yukhoth either. A woman's tread. 
Satyra braced herself, shaking hair from her eyes, feeling her horns tangled
  in the copper locks. Could she face Sadist again? Her pain was terrible; she
  felt ready to do anything to escape. Fresh anger welled in her at that realization  was
  she so weak, then, so easy to subdue. Hatred of her red skinned torturer gave
  her fresh strength. She hoped Sadiste would come close enough for her to spit
  on the demon slut. 
But her green eyes opened in surprise as the blue demoness appeared in the
  doorway. 
As before the devil-girl was nude, her blue skin, purple nipples and hairless
  pubic region and exercise in lithe sensuality. Beneath the straight black horns
  her yellow eyes looked down on the wriggling satyr woman while one hand played
  with her thickly curling raven hair. 
That looks awful, said the demoness after a moment of staring back at the
  prisoner. Her voice held just enough sincerity to truly mock Satrya's pain. I'll
  bet the pain is terrible.' 
Satyra refused the bait, thinking through the pain. You wereinthe throne room,
  she wheezed. 
You remember,' said the demoness, stepping closer. That's so sweet; especially
  since everything that happened to me there was for your benefit.' 
Even in her anguish Satyra sensed the subtle malice in the blue woman's voice
  and tried to shake her head, her neck muscles cramped almost to immobility. Didn'twant' 
Oh, of course you didn't,' the blue demoness said quickly, stepping over
  and kneeling beside Satyra's head. One delicate blue finger wiped some blood
  from the marble white cheek of the prisoner. You're one of the good girls.' 
Satyra looked over at the demoness as she put the finger with the Chevaan's
  blood to her lips, licking it slowly clean. Her smile was like a serpent's. Whatdo  you
  want?' the red haired torture victim asked huskily. 
The other woman smiled, still running her finger over her dark blue mouth. We
  haven't been properly introduced,' she said, yellow eyes bright. My name is
  Zaraeth.' Satyra said nothing, so the demoness went on. I want to help you.' 
Helpme?' 
Yes. I want to help you escape, back to your mortal world.' 
Satyra blinked, feeling an itch growing between her sternum and navel. She
  tried to ignore it by focussing on the pain in her hips. Why?' she hissed
  up at Zaraeth. 
The demoness squatted on her haunches near the Chevaan's head. Her fingers
  reached out to wipe the sweat from the suffering priestess' brow. In the throne
  room, what they did to me' The blue woman's voice trailed off, and she felt
  her abdomen, as if remembering the feel of the iron spear skewering her soft
  flesh. Her eyes narrowed in pain. No woman should have to suffer such horror.
  I cannot be saved, but you' She looked again at Satyra, eyes softening. Blue
  fingers delicately brushed the prisoners white cheek, stroking her face. There
  is still hope for you, Satyra. Let me help you.' 
Zaraeth leaned closer, her full blue lips inches from Satyra's red ones, their
  eyes, yellow and green, gazing deeply into each other. So strong, so beautiful,'
  whispered Zaraeth. I cannot bear to watch what they will do to you.' 
The devil woman moved closer, eyes closed, their lips almost touching. Their
  breath mingled. 
Liar!' Satyra spat out, twisting her head away. 
Zaraeth's eyes snapped open and she leaned back. She smiled again, that snake's
  grin. Hmmm,' she mused, your not as stupid as most mortals.' Satyra looked
  at her warily from beneath her tangle of copper hair, but Zaraeth merely smiled
  more broadly. 
Then quicker than the eye could follow, her hand whipped forward, seizing
  a fistful of that lustrous red mane and yanking Satyra's head back so hard
  the Chevaan thought her spine would snap. 
And yes, I am lying,' she said with a hiss. I'd love to see a haughty little
  bitch like you, who thinks she's better than we poor demons, twist and scream
  while a dozen of my brothers tore your pretty pink cunt apart with their cocks.'
  The blue demoness fondled her breast as she imagined Satrya's unholy rape.
  Then she sighed, letting the priestess' head drop. But unfortunately, I'll
  have to defer that pleasure for another time. For now, it suits my desires
  to help you escape. Is that not enough?' 
Satyra tried to breath deep and winced as the effort put more pressure on
  her mashed fem-mounds. YouhateSadiste' 
That's right, pretty slut, I do,' Zaraeth replied. Sadiste and I go way
  back, and as much as I'd love to spend a decade on that luscious albino body
  of yours, the thought of getting to torture that red bitch inside out is to
  good to pass up. So,' and here she took Satrya's face in her cupped hands,
  leaning in and whispering around her right horn and into the Chevaan's ear, you
  do what I say, and in return you'll not only escape eternal damnation, you'll
  have the knowledge that Sadiste is suffering horrors to terrible for mortal
  description.' 
Satyra swallowed. A new itch had started atop her left boob. She ground her
  teeth in anguish. If she could have ground her swollen tit to red pulp to stop
  the damnable itching at that moment, she would have. Howhow knowtrust' 
Well, that's the delicious thing,' Zaraeth purred, moving Satyra's hair out
  of her eyes. You don't.' 
Satyra looked into those hateful yellow eyes, tears welling in her own. She
  thought of spending hours and days and weeks under the stone above her while
  she ground her soft curves raw against the stone, her body and its round breasts
  and flat belly oozing blood while the soft helpless mound of her sex was flayed
  from within by the shattered fragment of her own pelvis, the splinters of bone
  tearing through a vagina reduced to ragged meat again and again, as the terrible
  magic healed her to suffer endlessly. 
How?' was all she wheezed out, finally. 
Zaraeth bit her blue lip softly, feeling the warm tingle of success. She brushed
  Satyra's white cheek with her own and purred into the delicately curling ear. 
Well, you've probably guessed, it's going to hurt a little.' 
Part X
In a Hard Place. 
Zaraeth smiled, stroking the face in her grasp like a lovers. It was a beautiful
  face, the demoness admitted to herself, made exquisite by the agony etched
  across its chalk white skin and twitching in the blood red lips. Add to that
  the exotic allure of the two curling ram's horns nestled amidst the curling
  red-fire hair, and the tingling in her own hairless loins meant Zaraeth could
  easily understand Sadiste's interest in this particular priestess. The inhabitants
  of the Underworld lived for one thing  the fulfilment of desire. The threat
  of punishment by one more powerful than themselves, such as Vulgus, could organize
  them towards a common goal, but at their core the creatures of evil were motivated
  by the need to satisfy their own passions. 
And those passions were as fiery as the cavernous realm they ruled. Looking
  at the helpless woman lying in agony before her Zaraeth's mind swam with thoughts
  of making that lovely face twist in anguish, watching that red mouth stretch
  wide as screams of horror ripped from the exquisite chest whose succulent roundness
  lay grotesquely pillowed around the edges of the pitiless stone slabs. The
  curly haired devils thighs twitched as she imagined feeling that incredible
  body grinding against her own as the two of them engaged in wild sexual adventures
  as they were both whipped bloody by Vulgus' minions for the Demon Lords amusement.
  Their screams of pain and ecstasy would mingle like the blood flowing down
  over their skin as they mashed their feminine clefts together like wild beasts
  locking horns in battle, and sexed with a primal, animal lust few mortals ever
  experienced. All in the space of a few heartbeats Zaraeth saw in her minds
  eye the glorious carnal perversions she and this half-satyr demigoddess could
  wallow in through the millennia. 
But even that almost irresistible fantasy paled before the craving to have
  Sadiste as her piteously mewling slave while Zaraeth subjected her crimson
  rival to agonies and humiliations that would destroy the sanity of any creature
  born of Earth. To make the strutting red harlot beg to peel the skin off her
  own impudently firm tits with a red hot blade and then pour salt acid over
  the flayed mounds, the blue she demon would even give up the opportunity to
  share intimate torment with a woman like the beautiful Chevaan pinioned in
  front of her. 
Satyra stirred and pulled her head around to stare at the lovely yet evil
  face of the indigo demoness. How?' she said again in a voice thick with suffering. 
Zaraeth shook herself free of her black dreams. A spell,' she replied simply. We
  will lay a trap for Sadiste. When it is sprung, it will allow you to gain a
  brief but decisive advantage. You will escape, and she will be disgraced in
  the eyes of our master.' Zaraeth smiled, tilting one horn towards the ceiling. Her
  punishment will bememorable.' 
Satyra looked at the creature squatting before her, smiling despite the agony
  the fellow woman in front of her was experiencing. A shudder, stifled by the
  massive crushing pressure of the rock above, ran through her. No magic,' she
  bit out. 
True,' Zaraeth agreed, your talent for utilizing the gift of magic from
  your Goddess is useless away from the mortal world. Fortunately there arealternatives.' 
Satyra's eyes narrowed even more. She focussed past the feeling that her ribs
  were about to implode into her heart. Whatdo you mean?' 
Other sources of magic, my dear, more suitable for your surroundings.' 
Satyra shook her head. Dark magic. No.' 
There is no other way. It's this, or suffer tortures that will destroy your
  soul, until you are hers.' Zaraeth stood and placed her hands on her hips. And
  don't think that six trials rule will save you. If it takes ten thousand years
  of agony to make you submit, Sadiste will find a loophole to keep you here
  that long.' 
The Chevaan shuddered. She knew in this at least the demoness spoke truly,
  but still she struggled for an alternative. You couldcastspell.' 
Zaraeth frowned. Didn't this little bitch realize what was being offered to
  her? Sadiste is' The blue woman paused, making a face. Simply put, she's
  too powerful,' Zaraeth said, her face looking like she's just swallowed bile. My
  magic alone will never act quickly enough; she'd perceive the spell and act
  to counter it. And she knows my glamours well. Only together can we hope to
  succeed.' 
Satyra groaned. Her pelvic bone was almost mended again, and she could feel
  the pressure building in her abdomen. She tired not visualize what her lower
  body looked like at that moment. What doI do?' she whispered at last. 
Finally, thought Zaraeth. We will cast in tandem. The true spell will be
  yours  mine will link with it and blank Sadiste to the effects, until it is
  too late.' 
What spell,' Satyra gasped. 
Zaraeth smiled. Then she told her. 
Despite her torment, Satyra actually looked shocked. What,' was all she could
  cough out? 
It will work,' Zaraeth reassured her, and it is the only way past her guard.'
  She bent over, placing her hands either side of the Chevaan's head, her blue
  breasts hanging down before Satyra's pain racked face. There was wicked amusement
  in her voice as she stared into the wide, tear-filled green eyes. Don't tell
  me you've never cast such a spell before.' 
Satyra shifted her eyes towards the floor, and Zaraeth smiled like a hunting
  cat. So, not so pious after all.' She played with one of Satyra's horns. And
  with a face and body like yours  why Satyra, that's positively' Zaraeth leaned
  closer, savouring the word , sinful.' 
Satyra tried to breathe deeply, but just ended up moaning again. She ground
  her shoulder blades bloody lifting her head to meet Zaraeth's gaze. What do
  I do?' 
Zaraeth straightened. You must clear your mind of your priestly teachings,'
  the demoness answered. As she spoke her fingers traced patterns in the air
  before her. Here you must channel a different kind of power.' The patterns
  began to glow with little trails of blue and gold light in the air. In the
  Underworld, your desires define you, your cravings. And vengeance is a powerful
  desire. Vengeance and anger. You must use them now. You must abandon compassion
  and understanding and focus on a new idea.' 
Satyra breathed quicker, feeling the power of Zaraeth's casting tingling along
  her skin. Whatidea?' 
Suddenly the rock next to Satyra's head on the slab below shifted. The solid
  granite flowed like thick grey mud and a needle of rock, two inches wide and
  sharp as a dagger, rose up and pressed against her shoulder. Satyra looked
  at it with horror, but no particular surprise. 
Pain,' Zaraeth smiled, then flicked her hand upwards. Instantly the needle
  shot up another few inches, driving through the Chevaan's white flesh. 
Satyra coughed out a scream as the needle pierce her shoulder, driving through
  up to the slab above. She shuddered and the motion brought fresh suffering
  to her body being crushed upon the stone. 
Zaraeth looked down at the priestess struggling with this fresh pain. She
  smiled, feeling a tingle in her breasts, in her loins. Concentrate,' she whispered,
  and gestured with her fingers. Accept the pain, and think of Sadiste,' 
On the stone, Satyra felt nubbins of sharp rock moving, and her heart went
  cold. 
Without preamble a shaft of needle sharp rock stabbed up through the red-haired
  victim's belly. 
The shock was so great that for a moment Satyra could not even scream. Then
  she lifted her head and shrieked just as her mouth filled with hot blood. 
The dagger in her abdomen pulled out, melting back into the rock below. Blood
  from the now open wound gushed like a red flood out under her, hot and set
  as it found flowed between her and the torture slab. Satyra screamed again
  and gurgled in pain. Goddess,' she whispered her voice full of pain. Goddess.' 
No!' Zaraeth spat, grabbing one of Satrya's horns and dragging her head up
  to face her. The demoness beautiful blue face was radiant with passion. Her
  breasts heaved and surged. Your Goddess cannot help you now, pretty Chevaan.
  Only your rage can free you. Only your pain!' 
As Zaraeth spoke another stone skewer punched through Satyra beneath her sternum.
  A second ripped up under her collar bone. A third tore through her pelvis,
  grinding against the already broken bone. 
Satyra's mind was exploding with pain. The stone barbs ripped through her
  savagely, tearing through flesh and muscle and organs, slicing open blood vessels,
  shredding her body. Without the magic of the flaming pool when would have been
  dead in minutes, but she lived on. Trapped beneath the massive crushing stones
  her magnificent womanly body jerked and twisted in ways that dislocated joints
  and cracked her already battered ribcage, but she lived on. In mindless agony
  she ground her white womanly skin raw against its stone prison and even made
  worse the terrible piercing thrusts of the stone needles through her as she
  heaved and shrieked and wept. 
But she didn't die. She lived. And because she lived, she suffered. 
Standing over the tortured Amazon Zaraeth felt the power of her own spell
  rippling forth, mingling with the forces building within the pain-racked body
  of the captive. There was not a wisp of a breeze in the cavern, but the demoness'
  curling raven hair began to move as if a wind were starting to build to match
  the anger rising in the copper-haired girl. Zaraeth's own breath quickened
  as she felt the energy rising in Satyra, needing only a final nudge to bring
  it to glorious actualization. 
Fortunately the demoness knew just the thing needed. 
Without warning, Satyra felt the awful pressure of the stone above her easing,
  her body lifting slightly as the mighty slap rose back up. She felt her breasts
  and belly clear the stone, the horrible compression of her abdomen and her
  genitalia fading. She glanced down and saw the rock she had been crushed against
  covered in her sticky red blood. She looked up 
Her universe became dark. 
Standing before her, using her magic to work the chains, her red skin shining
  in the ruddy light, was not Zaraeth, but Sadiste. 
Satyra stared up in horror, her mind numb. Sadist threw back her head and
  laughed, her full tits quivering with mirth. 
You stupid girl,' mocked the red devil-woman. You really thought you had
  a chance to escape. Little idiot, this is hell! There is no escape  you are
  mine for all eternity.' Her eyes glowed like hot coals, utterly malevolent.
  Her full-lipped smile was pure evil. Now scream. Bitch,' Sadiste snarled, scream
  for me while I tear your whore's body apart.' 
The stone began to drop again, and Satyra did scream, in rage, in denial,
  in horror. She struggled uselessly and looked down as she descended once more
  onto the rock of pain. 
Only this time it was not just a flat slab. Now needles of stone were rising
  from the granite, twisting like screws as demon magic gave them hideous life.
  Satyra's helpless flesh dropped toward them. She fought harder, twisting this
  was and that. The muscles in her arms and legs rippled as her boobs bounced
  wildly, falling towards the razor sharp points. No,' she screamed, tears in
  her glowing green eyes. NO!!!' 
Yes!' hissed Sadiste, wild triumph in her eyes. Scream, pretty slut. Scream
  for me now.' 
The first points made contact with Satyra's belly, starting to gouge the skin.
  Their points pierced the outermost smoothness, spilling blood, then bit deeper. You
  BITCH!' Satyra shrieked, pain beginning to flood over her. I'll kill you,
  you dirty demon piece of shit!' 
Sadiste laughed louder. The twisting points punched though the skin of Satyra's
  abdomen and began shredding through the firm muscle beneath. 
AaarrrrggghhhhHHHHH,' Satyra cried out, slamming her head back against the
  stone, fighting heroically to say clear of the wicked points. It was hopeless.
  The pressure between her legs mounted anew as the stone swung down, crushing
  her loser body, even as the needles skewered her through the belly. She felt
  one point tearing its way into her navel and howled in agony. Inside her abdominal
  cavity a half dozen turning screws of rock burrowed through the organs of a
  woman who could not die, only scream and scream. 
The stone dropped lower. Blood gushed from the priestess mouth as her stomach
  was torn to pieces inside of her. Her head lashed from side to side in a frenzy
  of mindless horror. Another few inches, and her sternum began to crack as weight
  built on it, then her lower ribs. Her heavy breasts sank down, and were met
  by more of the rotating stone points, hungry to drill into her. The first of
  them kissed the peak of her fem-crests, just neat the nipples. Blood began
  to spill out as they broke the white skin, digging into the soft meat. 
Ahahhh, no, NOfuckaaaaahhhhhhh!' The satyr-woman's screams became wilder,
  hysterical. She felt the needles pierce her breasts, the heavy peaks, the gentle
  upper slopes, the sensitive plunging lower curves, tearing away her control
  along with her flesh. You evil bitchI'll kill you, you fucking cunt arrrAAAARRRRRRRHHHHH!!!!!' 
With a final laugh, Sadiste lowered Satyra all the way. 
The weight above smashed the Amazon down under tons of rock. Her arms and
  legs spasmed as the stone daggers ripped into her body. Blood flowed in rivers
  down the sides of the stone as they shredded through her belly, her diaphragm,
  her tits. The mounds of her chest were shredded to bloody ruin, healed almost
  instantly, and shredded again. Her breasts were crushed to jelly and ground
  into pulp, her nipples chewed up into formless lumps of ultimate pain. Her
  tits were shredded, mangled, destroyed, while her screams made the walls quiver. 
Kill youKILL YOU YEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! ' 
Now!' Sadiste thundered suddenly, seizing the Chevaan's head, magic pouring
  from her hands into the howling priestess, seizing the power blazing in the
  mangled white body, channelling it. Both women were at the centre of a suddenly
  maelstrom of energy as fire flew out from between the grinding stone blocks.
  In a flash of lighting Sadiste's form vanished and Zaraeth stood clinging to
  Satyra's horns as the Chevaan beauty's scream shook the chamber as the demoness
  struggled with the raw power erupting from the very depths of the woman's agony
  and rage as she imagined her captor laughing at her gorgeous body being torn
  apart. 
With a final burst of light Zaraeth was flung back across the chamber, slamming
  into the wall. The wild storm of magic vanished instantly. Satyra's head remained
  uplifted for a split second, ultimate pain carved into her goddess-like face,
  then her head dropped forward like a stone. 
For a long time, nothing moved. 
Finally, Zaraeth rose shakily to her feet. With one hand she brushed her hair
  from her face as she staggered across to the still-pinioned Chevaan. Her body
  was still tingling all over as she lifted Satyra's head. 
The priestess opened her eyes and stared up blankly, mouth open slackly. With
  surprising tenderness the blue demoness held her face steady. The Chevaan said
  nothing, but her eyes relayed her questions. 
It is done,' Zaraeth said softly. She looked at the blood covering the stones
  and gestured. The rock of the underworld instantly absorbed the spilled ichor.
  Between the slabs the needles had retracted, the terrible wounds of their invasion
  already healing. When Sadiste comes for you next, you will be ready with a
  spell keyed just to her.' 
How,' Satyra slurred, blinking in exhaustion. The agony of the tons crushing
  her body seemed far off. Howcastit?' 
Zaraeth smiled again, eager to show her. 
Part XI 
Many Vices 
Satyra woke slowly with the sounds of her own cries of agony lingering in
  her ears. Her dreams had been nothing but a patchwork of violation and pain,
  but she was in no hurry to awaken fully, knowing her waking world would be
  no better. 
The Chevaan blinked and took stock of her surroundings. She was in a sealed
  room with no windows and one door. No surprises there. And she was bound. Again,
  no surprise. 
What was unusual was the nature of the room. The walls, floor and roof were
  all of the same dark reddish brown stone she had seen throughout the Underworld,
  except in the corner where she was tied  here the surfaces were covered in
  sheets of flat, rusted metal, the seams dotted either side with large bolts.
  The metal surfaces formed an alcove about ten twelve feet wide and eight feet
  deep, with Satyra bound in the centre of the space and slightly towards the
  front. 
Satyra finished examining her resting place and looked beyond, around the
  walls of the chamber. The light here was dull red with many shadows, but lining
  the walls on hooks and natural shelves she could barely make out what appeared
  to be tools or devices. Their half seen outlines seemed to radiate a sinister
  menace, and the beautiful priestess looked away. Her recent experiences left
  her in no doubt as to the debased purpose of those objects, the exact nature
  and function of which she dared not dwell upon. 
The white-skinned captive examined her new bondage. Her ankles were shackled
  almost six feet apart by two iron rings that were attached to the floor by
  fixed metal rods. The circles of iron were positioned so that her feet were
  held clear of the floor, her toes arching down to where they could almost touch
  the rusted surface. Above her head her arms were drawn straight up, their smooth
  white flesh framing her face, the curve of her horns, and a few wisps of curling
  copper hair, while below her slender throat her breasts rode high and proud.
  Two more bindings identical to the ones on her feet held her wrists together
  over her head with her arms at full stretch. With her feet clear of the floor,
  her whole weight was being supported by the iron circlet biting into the soft
  skin of her wrists. 
Satyra shuddered. The nature of her captivity was such that she was effectively
  sitting in mid air, her rounded ass pushed out a little behind her and her
  knees bent at right angles as they were drawn out away from her body. Her thighs
  strained slightly to accommodate the splayed position of her legs, and she
  knew that with her lower limbs hauled wide as they were that her intimate regions
  were lewdly displayed. The binding above drew her arms to their maximum extension
  and her sternum was thrust out below her large breasts with her abdomen running
  in a concave slope down to her navel and the swell of her feminine temple. 
The woman squirmed a little, wincing as the motion made the metal holding
  her wrists bite harder. She knew if she could straighten her legs, the pressure
  on her arms would ease. She tried pushing up, but her arms were positioned
  wrongly, elbows pointing outwards, and wouldn't bend to allow her any upward
  movement without excruciating pressure on her wrists. With some effort and
  chafing of her skin within the iron manacles she managed to twist her arms
  so that her elbows were pointing more forward. The motion put more strain of
  her ligaments and the joints at her shoulders, but a last she could manage
  to push herself up as she bent her arms like a chin-up exercise performed by
  the warrior women of her tribe. 
Now, however, a new complication arose. Satyra's legs were spread so wide
  that it was impossible to straighten her knees fully without bending her ankles,
  but those slender joints were held rigid by their own fastenings. Trying to
  push up to far with her legs brought crushing force to bear on the delicate
  small bones connecting her legs to her feet. 
Satyra stopped still, her arms bent at right angles in front of her and breasts
  quivering from her efforts. The choice was obvious. She could either endure
  the discomfort to her wrists and thigh muscles from her suspended position,
  or she could struggle and probably shatter her ankle bones, and then have to
  endure that agony as well. 
She gave a frustrated snort, and settled herself back into her original squatting
  stance. 
Time passed. The priestess licked her dry lips and tried to ignore her parched
  throat and mouth. Despite her natural limberness her thighs began to ache constantly,
  and her lower back. The dull rumble of the underworlds volcanic torment pervaded
  the room and made the iron rings holding her vibrate softly. 
Across the room from her Satyra could see the doorway, the space filled by
  a door apparently wrought of the same metal as the alcove walls. Between the
  door and the floor was a space where flickering red light could be seen. 
With nothing else to do but wait for her next torture to begin, Satyra contemplated
  the words of Zaraeth. The blue demoness had seemed sincere in her passion to
  bring down Sadiste by helping Satyra, but the priestess knew that in this place
  nothing could be taken at face value. Following Zaraeth's plan might indeed
  lead to the red demon-woman's fall from grace', but it did not mean that Satyra
  herself would be any better off. 
Of course, she would have Sadiste's screams of agony as Zaraeth oversaw her
  torment and degradation as comfort during her stay. The thought of watching
  Sadiste's admittedly gorgeous body twist and writhe as she was brutally tortured
  by the equally sexy blue devil-ess brought a small smile to the Chevaan's full
  lips. 
Abruptly, Satyra shook her head to clear it. Such thoughts of revenge went
  against everything her life as a servant of the Goddess stood for. She closed
  her eyes and pushed the images of Sadiste's helpless agony to the dark back
  of her mind, where it belonged. 
To keep her mind from being occupied by savouring Sadiste's eternal damnation,
  Satyra replayed her conversation with Zaraeth in her head, the instructions
  the devil woman had given her. It was a simple spell, really; and Zaraeth had
  been right about one thing  Satyra had cast it before. 
The priestess sighed and shifted to ease the pain in her arms and legs. She
  had not thought of that incident for years; indeed, it was not something she
  preferred to dwell on. There had been no malice in her actions, but there had
  been selfishness. She had let desire rule her actions, and afterward had bitterly
  regretted it. She had hoped that she had put that deed behind her, that her
  works as a faithful acolyte of the Goddess had washed away her transgression.
  Now though, thinking back to what Zaraeth had said about the relationship between
  desire and the Underworld, Satyra couldn't help wonder with a cold dread whether
  her suffering in the dark realm was partly her own responsibility. 
Did she deserve to be here; had her misdeed earned her a place among the damned? 
A noise sounded outside the door broke in on her thoughts. A shuffling, shambling
  echo, coming closer. A shadow appeared at the light beneath the door. 
Satyra watched the shadow linger there. She knew her pulse and breathing were
  speeding up and fought to control them. 
The door creaked inward. Beyond the satyr-woman could see a tunnel like every
  other tunnel in this wretched place. In the middle of the door was a squat,
  almost shapeless figure, visible only a black outline. The sound of ragged
  breathing came from the shape as it stood motionless. 
Satyra remained still as well. She had seen demonic horrors enough in this
  place to send a sane woman mad, but there was something about this perfectly
  still figure that made her afraid in a way that even the towering demon lord
  Vulgus had not done. She could not see any eyes or face anywhere in that shadow,
  but the priestess had the distinct impression she was being studied, with the
  same deliberate, cold scrutiny of a man inspecting a piece of freshly slaughtered
  beef to determine where the best cuts might be found. 
The waiting silence drew itself out as the woman and the shadow watched each
  other, the former with growing tension. Finally the strain became too much
  and the priestess snapped out, Are you going to stand there leering forever,
  or are you going to come in and do something about it, you little worm.' 
The shadow gave no replied, but it seemed to quiver slightly around the edges.
  Satyra had the feeling that the loathsome creature was giggling. 
The quivering stopped and the shadowed one moved into the room. Behind it
  the door closed on rusty hinges and sealed itself with a sound of metallic
  finality. 
Satyra watched the shape move forward, its details becoming more distinct
  but no less disturbing. The amorphous nature of the being was the result of
  a cloak of some heavy black cloth, which completely covered the wearers head,
  body, arms and legs. The being held its hands within the voluminous folds of
  its sleeves, and the ragged bottom of the garment brushed the stone floor it
  came forward. A deep hood was draped over what was presumably a head, but beneath
  was visible nothing but blackness, marked only by a soft, wet slobbering. 
The being came on until it was standing at the edge of the metal alcove. It
  was less than four feet tall, meaning that even with Satyra's current positioning
  it looked up at her slightly. 
The creature stood like that for long moments, staring at her as she met its
  gaze with a scowl. After a while its head dipped and it slowly looked over
  the rest of her body. As its attention lingered on her full round breasts and
  the helplessly exposed cleft between her legs it shuddered again and wet slobbering
  sounds came from the depths of the shadowy hood. 
The creature stirred slightly and drew back one of its arms. From the depths
  of its sleeve a hand covered in matted, filthy black bandages emerged, reaching
  out slowly towards the succulent curving globes of Satyra's chest. Satyra watched
  in disgust as the filthy appendage drew closer, trying to pull her skin back
  away from the filth crusted fingers. 
Gently the questing hand came into contact with the smoothly rounded flesh,
  stroking it softly. Satyra screwed up her face and again tried to pull back
  from the foul caress. Get your vile hands off me, you piece of filth,' she
  snarled with venom. 
The creature looked up at her, cupping her breasts and massaging it softly.
  Satyra heard another little wet giggle inside the hood and bit back an even
  more lurid comment. She could feel her anger bubbling up like molten fury and
  tried desperately to regain her composure. 
The creature reached out its other hand, holding both her breasts now. It
  began to squeeze the twin orbs, softly at first, then with increasing force.
  Its moist breathing became quicker as it started to twist the Chevaan's ripe
  breasts flesh, first one way, then the other. With each twist and squeeze the
  handling of her breasts became frenzied. In a few moments Satyra was gasping
  in pain as the hooded Underworld denizen mauled her tits brutally, pinching,
  bruising and yanking in a fit of dark passion. 
I said get your hands off me, you little turd!' Satyra yelled between gasps
  of pain. She could no longer suppress the feelings of rage at the creature's
  abuse of her female form. The beings only response was to increase the violence
  of its assault, digging cloth covered fingers deep into her vulnerable flesh
  and pulling even harder, turning her eye-catching mams into distorted shapes
  of pliant white flesh. The squat attacker slobbered fitfully as it manipulated
  her breasts with painful intensity, digging at the nipples and pinching them
  so that Satyra cried out loud and tears formed in her angry eyes. It held onto
  her tits and pressed harder and harder, til the red-head's face was twisting
  in pain. 
Suddenly the creature stopped, releasing the twin fleshy globes and drawing
  back. Satyra's chest bounced back to its normal shape, her breasts and nipples
  almost tingling with relief at being set free. 
Satyra shook her self, fighting away the lingering ache of the abuse to her
  sweet mounds. The short grotesque, however, spent no time watching her recovery.
  Instead it shambled over to one of the walls not far from the alcove, reaching
  across and taking something from the hooks on the wall before turning back
  towards the prisoner. 
Satyra blinked to recover her wits and looked over to watch her tormentors
  return. What he carried almost made her gasp aloud in horror. 
It was made all of metal, like the walls and floor around her, with a look
  of ancient evil in its corroded parts. Two flat plates, each about a foot and
  a half long and six inches wide, ran parallel to each other eight inches apart,
  joined at either end by two metal rods and inch thick that seemed to pass through
  holes in the top and bottom plate. Along the surfaces of the plates that face
  each other were a series of dull but sizeable metal studs, about a half dozen
  top and bottom, while on the outer surface where each of the rods passed through
  their appeared to by some kind of knob. 
The cloaked figure came over in front of Satyra again and once more stared
  in rapt attention at her swell of womanly chest, rising and falling gently
  as she inhaled and exhaled. Its bandaged hands fingered the contraption, running
  over the studs and the knobs. With the creature closer now Satyra could see
  that the rods were not smooth, but shaped into a spiral pattern which the knobs
  seemed to follow as they turned, either moving up or down depending on which
  way the rag-swathed fingers turned them. And as the knobs moved, they moved
  the plates as well, either drawing them further apart or forcing them closer
  together. 
Closer together. 
Satyra's stomach dropped into an ice cold void as the significance of the
  creature's interest in her fully formed breasts became clear. She felt her
  breathing getting quicker again and fought to slow it. She could feel herself
  trembling. 
The creature moved forward to within a few inches of her, moving between her
  spread thighs and lifting the device towards her youthfully jutting she-spheres.
  Satyra tried instinctively to pull back but her only reward was a wet titter
  from within the black folds of the hood. The plates slipped over and under
  the shapely domes, the rusted brown iron framing the white flesh with its palely
  erect nipples. 
Son of a bitch, get this thing off me!' Satyra snarled furiously, anger driving
  down her fear. She tried to twist, shaking her mane of foaming 
copper hair like an angry lioness. Her movement delayed the inevitable, but
  could not prevent it. With a few twists of the screws on the vertical rods,
  the plates had moved sufficiently close to make the studs on the plates find
  a purchase in the soft pillows of her breasts, gripping and holding the machine
  in position. The top one sat upon her breastbone, while its southern partner
  was a little higher than her defined sternum. 
That done the creature stepped back a little, allowing Satyra's boobs to take
  the full weight of the clamp. It was light enough that the gentle pressure
  thus far kept in affixed, but the Chevaan could feel the slight drag on her
  mounds. She wriggled in her feet and wrist bindings, sweating under her arms
  and across her forehead. The creature reached out stroked both the imprisoned
  mammaries, making their owner curse anew. 
While Satyra was still seething the cloak wearer reached out again and moved
  the screws on top of the machine. The plate moved down. It switched to the
  bottom pair of screws  the lower plate pushed up. 
With deliberate precision, the creature alternated its attention, moving first
  the top screw, then the bottom. With each twist the plates moved towards each
  other. Eight inches shrank to seven, then to six. 
Satyra soon gave up cursing the vile instigator of her torment and concentrated
  on trying to deal with the growing pain in her mightily full bosom. At six
  inches apart the studs were almost fully imbedded in her pliant suckling-mounds,
  and the compression had started to noticeably distort their shape, pushing
  the sides outwards where they were blocked by the screw rods, or inwards, unnaturally
  amplifying her generous cleavage. Stymied in its attempt to expand in these
  directions her breasts also began bulging forward, the firm, smooth flesh becoming
  even firmer and smoother, like a bladder that was being filled beyond its capacity.
  She refused to look at the obscene process, staring upwards at the roof above
  the door with her lips tightly pressed. 
Five and a half inches. Five. 
At five Satyra had resumed cursing, but her words were laced with the agony
  beginning to hammer at her from her tortured tits. The pain now was excruciating,
  already almost as bad as being crushed on the slabs, despite being specific
  to her throbbing glory-peaks. Mashed between the narrowing space her tits felt
  as if tiny devils were inside pounding at her flesh with spiked hammers, trying
  to break through and escape. The studs, too dull to actually pierce the flesh
  cleanly, ground deeper and deeper into the sensitive meat, bruising and tearing
  it cruelly. 
Four and a half inches. The creature was breathing like a fish beside a pond,
  ragged sucking gasps of excitement. Satyra's own gasps were even louder, whimpers
  and groans giving way to deeper expression of suffering. With mixed anger and
  terror she relented and looked at the plate below her collar bone as it moved
  down, tugging the tender globe along with it. She twisted her arms again, blood
  trickling down towards her elbows. Between twists of the screws she took short
  shallow breaths between clenched teeth that made the compacted flesh melons
  shudder and dance as the unholy device ground the beautiful woman's roundness
  of her breast into food for dogs. 
Four and a quarter inches. Four. 
At just under four Satrya's mouthings became full blown screams. Her eyes
  were wet with tears, her brows arched in horror. Goddess, of gods and goddesses,
  you scum, aaaah.aaaaaAAAAHHHHHEEEAA AAAHHHHH!' Her tits felt as
  if they had been filled with an ocean of boiling blood that was trying to tear
  free of the soft female fruit and explode across the chamber. Another twist
  and surely the white curving skin of her tits would rupture and burst, leaving
  her gorgeous breasts nothing more that mangled cones of pulped gristle. 
At just under four inches, the creature ceased the clamps mounting pressure.
  Where a pair of firm and perfect breasts had stood large but moments ago, now
  there were two hideous parodies of that lush beauty, each four times the size
  of a man's fist and pointing straight out almost a foot from Satrya's heaving
  chest. The skin was so taught and smooth it looked to be carved from white
  marble, the nipple were engorged with trapped blood to half again their size.
  Sweat dripped down the priestess face while her head hung back, and diamond
  drops grew beneath the tortured meat where it bulged past the Underworld iron
  and fell like rain onto the sharply falling slope of her midriff, then on down
  to the copper delta and its promising pink ravine. 
The giggling Underworlder cupped one hemisphere of pain and squeezed gently. 
AAAAAAIIIIIEEEEE! STOP IT, STOP!' Satyra's head snapped back forward, red
  lips thin and pale as they drew back in anguish. In reply, the creature reached
  for the other tit. 
NoNO, YOU BASTARD, I SAID NOARRRGGGHHHHH!!!!' 
Slobbering foully it squeezed the pinioned twin. It began alternating its
  attention, first pressing on one flesh balloon, then the other. 
AARRRRRRR.no, youSTOP IT, DAMN YOU!' Satyra's made of sex body trembled
  in every line and sensual curve. AAAHHHHhuh, huh,wait, waitah ah ah aaarrrRRRREEEEAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaa...*' 
The creature continued this game for several minutes, slavering within its
  hood at the splayed-leg contortions of the half-satyr beauty. Satyra felt as
  if her tits had been transformed into things of pain that existed merely for
  her suffering. She screamed, but she could never scream loud enough to let
  out all the pain. 
Her mind was so wracked with suffering she didn't even notice when the cloaked
  one stopped and went to the wall again. He came back as she hung moaning and
  sobbing and used her land hair to drag her head forward again and look at his
  new tools. 
In one palm his thumb turned a trio of small vices, similar to the ones on
  her tits but with only one pair of screws each. The plates that came together
  were the size of a fingernail. The monstrosity burbled like a deranged school
  boy and used its free hand to flick one over-gorged nipple. 
Oh no, no, don't you do it,' barked Satyra, but there was a note of pleading
  in her words as well as command. This was beyond monstrous. The creature cupped
  two vices deftly in one hand and used both it and his empty one to position
  the clamp around the priestess' right nipple. It began turning the tiny screw. No,
  I said no, damn it! Aaaaayou filthpleaseOh Goddess help me, HELP ME!' These
  last words had risen to a shrill wailing cry as she pushed up with her legs,
  prepared to break her ankles if it tore her loos from the evil little abomination
  on her tit. The already thundering pressure in her mammary increased to a volcanic
  roar as the maxi-sensitized nerve cluster was pinched harder and harder, the
  vice tightening; tightening. Satyra's green eyes were wide and unfocused as
  the pain became her universe. 
The creature stopped, the prisoner panted like a mare being run through a
  steeple-chase. The second vice moved into position as Satyra buried her face
  in her arm and bit down, her teeth drawing blood as the vice closed ever harder.
  She couldn't bear it and pulled away mouth so wide she could feel the corners
  tearing. 
 YEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRR! Oh no, oh nommm.ah..uuuaaAAAAAAAAAAARRRRHHHH!!!
  NO, no moremake it stop MAKE IT STOP!' Satyra's whole glamorous 5' 11 body
  heaved and danced as her tit-tips became exploding suns. If she could have
  taken a knife and hacked her breasts from her body, she would have. The little
  cloaked figure was standing right up against her now, his body rubbing against
  the sweat-moist cleft of her pussy as she jerked in agony, the puppet of his
  sex torture. The creature moaned and hooted and pressed its filthy raiment
  against the bucking Chevaan flesh, dry humping her as she howled like the most
  damned woman in the Underworld. 
And then those filthy rag covered fingers were at her crotch, and they were
  touching her, touching her most special place, rubbing and probing, moving
  aside the lips of the vulva to uncover the hot pinkness behind. Satyra looked
  through a red mist of anguish down her body, past where he crushed mipples
  bleed down her obscenely swollen tits, and she could just see the parted window
  of skin as she felt her temple being laid bare. Her eyes were wide with agony
  close to madness, her face was wet with tears. She couldn't close her legs,
  couldn't protect her self, couldn't do a fucking thing to stop the little slurping
  horror reaching down with the last clamp toward the tiny little bud inside
  her, the insignificant centre of her womanly being. 
She felt the metal move pushing into her sanctum and her mind screamed at
  her, Give in, tell them you'll be there's, tell them you'll do anything
  they want. She looked up and away and felt the metal plates find the bump. For
  fuck's sake, you stupid bitch, say it. Say it or he's going to crush your clit
  like a mussel on the beach, say it or he's going to burst it like a blood filled
  berry and you'll feel it and you'll be screaming and you won't die and your
  body will be ripping itself to pieces and you won't die and for love of all
  the gods just FUCKING SAY IT NOW NOW NOW!!!! 
&nbsp;
Satyra said nothing. 
And then the pressure was there, and it grew, and it became pain, and it became
  agony, and it went beyond either pain or agony until she had her horned head
  thrown back, and her mouth open to the floor, and her savaged tits and their
  blood oozing nipples pointed to the ceiling, and her back was bent like a tensed
  hunting bow, and her belly was a crescent moon, and between thigh stretched
  like ship's cables her bleeding cunt was thrust out and 
EEEEEEYYYAA AAAAAAAAA AAAA AAAAARRRRHH!!!!!!' 
Part XII
Fine Points 
Satyra woke slowly with the sounds of her own cries of agony lingering in
  her ears. Her dreams had been nothing but a patchwork of violation and pain,
  but she was in no hurry to awaken fully, knowing her waking world would be
  no better. 
The Chevaan blinked and took stock of her surroundings. She was in a sealed
  room with no windows and one door. No surprises there. And she was bound. Again,
  no surprise. 
What was unusual was the nature of the room. The walls, floor and roof were
  all of the same dark reddish brown stone she had seen throughout the Underworld,
  except in the corner where she was tied  here the surfaces were covered in
  sheets of flat, rusted metal, the seams dotted either side with large bolts.
  The metal surfaces formed an alcove about ten twelve feet wide and eight feet
  deep, with Satyra bound in the centre of the space and slightly towards the 
Satyra blinked with growing awareness. She had seen this room before, been
  in it. Like the foul things at the bottom of a crystal blue pond the memories
  of ultimate pain rose to the surface of her mind, making her close her eyes
  at the horror of the recollection. She took a breath to calm herself. When
  she opened her eyes, she was trembling with an ague of dread. 
Would she have to suffer through that again? She became nauseous at the thought,
  bile stinging her throat. The feel of the merciless vices on her tits and nipples
  and her helpless clit, and the memory of her own inhuman screams, turned her
  blood to ice in her veins. 
No, it had to be a trick, a deceit of Sadiste. They had said only six trials,
  and they already failed in their last stratagem, though by the breadth of a
  hair. Surely they would not have run out of atrocities to commit upon her body  but
  then would the next be even worse. Satyra could not believe it was possible,
  but if it wasshe swallowed. How could she endure worse than the destruction
  of her love-bud between the iron jaws without surrendering body and soul? Even
  if this was the last trial, the priestess knew the limits of even her half-satyr
  strength, and she had already pushed well beyond them. Hanging in mid air with
  her crotch spread in lewd invitation the ram-horned beauty struggled against
  the rising tide of despair, knowing that no matter what was the case that it
  was not in her power to control. These creatures would use her in the foulest
  and most debased manner, and she was utterly at their non-existent mercy. 
The realization of her helplessness fell upon the red-haired priestess like
  the weight of the granite blocks she had lain sandwiched between. Until this
  moment she had somehow blocked from her mind the thought that she was powerless
  to have any say in her fate, but the agonies she had already endured put the
  lie to that belief. For all her priestly enlightenment and Chevaan pride she
  was now no more than a victim. Sadiste, Vulgus, the demons  they could do
  anything to her. Her wishes meant nothing  her will meant nothing. She was
  their pain toy, and that was all. 
Fresh tears seeped from her eyes. Despair rose around her heart like a dark
  choking fog. 
But no  she still had one hope, however faint it's glimmer; the spell given
  her by Zaraeth. Satyra could only hope that it would not be too long before
  Sadiste again came to look in on her red-haired prisoner. 
Abruptly, the metal door opened. More out of habit than pride Satyra blinked
  away the tears and tried to look calm. 
Her heart nearly stopped in her chest as instead of the straight horned demoness,
  the cloaked creature who had crushed her breasts and womanhood shambled in
  through the door. The sight of those bandaged fingers that had tightened the
  vices on her nipples and her clitoris made her feel like screaming and finding
  a hole to hide in, but she controlled her fear and hung in the shackles without
  trembling. 
And then, to Satyra's perverse relief, Sadiste herself also came through the
  door. The red skinned demoness strolled over to the alcove where her guest
  hung in captivity, yellow eyes glowing softly with pleasure. The gold ornaments
  on her nipples glimmered faintly in the dungeon light, as did the chain that
  held the silk strip between her statuesque legs in a mockery of modesty. Her
  heeled sandals clicked sharply on the stone floor as she moved over to stand
  looking down at Satyra while she twirled a lock of her straight black hair
  around her fingers. 
Sadiste stood looking down at the priestess for some time, hips pushed out
  arrogantly. She could see that the priestess' spirit had suffered just as much
  as her splendid body, and smirked wickedly. You look well, my dear,' she lied. 
Satyra made no answer, just hung looking sideways, away from the devil woman
  confronting her, lest her rekindled hope at seeing the architect of her suffering
  become apparent to the female demon. Sadiste made a small gesture to the cloaked
  creature, who went to the wall and operated one of the devices hanging there.
  There was the sound of gears turning, and the manacles holding Satyra's hands
  moved up towards the ceiling, while the ones about her ankles did likewise,
  keeping the same position relative to the wrist cuffs. The effect was that
  the ram-horned beauty was raised up in her spread-legged position til her
  head was level with Sadiste's. 
I said you look well my dear,' Sadiste repeated. To emphasise her words she
  let her fingers travel softly over Satyra's arms, then down around the outside
  of her breasts and over her midriff where just a few shallow folds of skin
  were all the effect her suspension had on her tight muscles. White becomes
  you,' Sadiste added as she traced a circle around the priestess' navel. 
Satyra continued to say nothing, though she felt like screaming at the demoness
  touch. Visions of their positions being reversed while Satyra crushed Sadiste's
  throat to gurgling pink pulp danced behind the Chevaan's eyes. 
Sadiste watched the subtle play of emotion on the prisoner's face and was
  satisfied. She stopped her caress and stepped back. Forgive me,' she said,
  with mock courtesy, I am forgetting my role as hostess.' She gestured to the
  little cloaked horror standing a few feet away. Allow me to introduce one
  of our pre-eminent artists  Satyra, this is Krool.' 
Satyra did not look over at the hooded being, but responded with a tight-lipped, We've
  met.' 
At this Sadiste's yellow eyes went wide. Really? When?' she asked in surprised
  tones. 
Satyra remained stony-faced, struggling with the freshness of the memory. 
Because as far as I know, you and little Krool have never seen one another
  before; certainly not in relation to our business.' 
Satyra blinked slowly and raised her head to look at Sadiste squarely. Then
  it must have been his evil twin who was here with me a little while ago.' 
Sadiste's face and tone were maddeningly innocent. No, I'm afraid Krool here
  is one of a kind. Oh dear,' she went on with elaborate concern, I hope you're
  not suggesting that Krool took any liberties with you?' 
Satyra could feel her blood staring to warm. I'm not interested in playing
  your sick game of pretend, Sadiste!' she spat. One more trial, and then you
  and your master can go fuck yourselves.' 
Sadiste stifled a smile at the priestess casual use of profanity. I'm sorry
  dear; you must have lost track  its two trials to go.' 
Satyra glared daggers at her enemy. That little wretch had his chance with
  me,' she bit back, and he failed.' Only the slightest quaver in her voice
  betrayed how close that failure had been to a success. Our deal was six, trials.
  You have one left.' 
Again Sadiste gave a maddeningly innocent look. I'm sorry, Satyra, I don't
  understand you. Are you saying Krool here did something to you?' 
Satyra looked daggers at the Underworld woman. That piece of shit tortured
  me in this very room! Don't try to tell me you didn't know!' 
Why, that's terrible,' Sadiste replied, still full of wide eyed surprise. Certainly
  Krool was never given any instructions to take liberties with you.' The demoness
  paced closer, pressing her palms together under her chin. We would have to
  investigate such an accusation of course. What proof do you offer of this act?' 
Satyra's white face twisted in fury. Proof?' she snarled. 
Yes, of course. You say that Krool has acted in a way that would violate
  the terms of our agreement. Naturally we would require proof. Is there a witness
  to the alleged torture?' 
The Chevaan jerked at her restraints, making them rattle. You know that there
  isn't one!' 
Oh dear,' Sadiste said in a disappointed tone. Well, other evidence; physical
  marks from the abuse, perhaps?' 
You damned red skinned bitch!' Satyra screamed, knowing that Sadiste knew
  better than anyone that the terrible marks and bruises had vanished completely,
  thanks to the magic fires that had infused her mortal flesh with the power
  to regenerate any injury, endure any suffering. 
Now my dear, you should try and calm down. I'm trying to help you.' 
Fuck your help!' the half satyr raged, breasts heaving as she shook in her
  bondage. 
Such a temper. And my word, do your eyes look a bit darker?' 
Satyra trembled with indignation, but she forced her rage down to an ice cold
  ball in her belly. When she spoke again, her voice was low and dangerous. No,
  no marks' she growled. 
Hm,' pondered the demoness. Well, without witnesses or other proof it will
  be difficult to investigate your claim.' A small smile began to turn the corners
  of her mouth. It could take quite some time.' The smile got more obvious. Would
  you like to wait? I'm sure that we can make you very comfortable, however long
  it might take.' 
And then Satyra saw that everything that Zaraeth had said about Sadiste keeping
  her here was true; the red demon-girl would never let Satyra leave the Underworld,
  no matter what their bargain. She would find an endless number of ways to make
  the copper-haired priestess suffer beyond what they had bargained. There was
  in short no escape, except the one she made for herself. 
Satyra swallowed, fighting down the last of her anger. No,' she said, and
  she let her voice sound soft and broken. It was disturbingly easy. That won't
  be necessary.' 
Sadiste smile was as hateful as its owner was beautiful. Well, if you say
  so,' she shrugged. She put her hands behind her back, pushing her breasts towards
  Satyra's face as she leaned closer. Since that's settled, there's no reason
  we can't proceed with the business at hand.' 
A little gibbering slobber came from Krool, and he began rummaging around
  among the bits and pieces hanging from the walls. Sadiste smiled as she looked
  over at the eager little creature, then back at the Chevaan. After a moment
  the hooded dwarf came over holding two objects, one in each hand. 
Satyra looked at the pieces of metal. They were similar in shape to the small
  vices that Sadiste denied her vile slave had used to torture her nipples and
  clitoris, but not quite exactly the same. These implements were of a rounder
  shape, like a crescent moon with two flat discs from which the horns of the
  crescent protruded. There was a screw built into the middle of the object on
  one side, and on the outer rim of the crescent there was a small ring of steel. 
Satyra stared at the metal objects in Krool's hands as it held them up for
  her to inspect. Then she watched as the two crescents moved towards her breasts
  as the Underworlder gave a small, breathy sigh. 
Sadiste watched her prisoner watching the metal curves. Krool has some very
  special jewellery he wants you to try. I think you'll look gorgeous in it.' 
Krool palmed one of the metal vices and reached out with the other. Satyra
  watched it approaching the peak of her breast and tried to pull away. The other
  bandaged hand moved and caught the globe of white flesh in a firm grip. He
  attached the crescent around her aureole, the horns pressing either side of
  the circular nubbin. 
Satyra watched in awful remembrance of the last time the creature Krool had
  held her breast like that. Echoes of her own agonized screams filled her mind,
  but she saw Sadiste observing her closely and fought to be brave. 
Krool turned the screw on the side of the vice. Instantly the sharp horn-points
  began to pinch. In a few seconds their grip had gone from uncomfortable to
  painful, then increased beyond. Tears in the Chevaan's eyes betrayed how much
  she was hurting. 
Krool kept tightening. The horns punctured the pliant skin and drops of blood
  rand down, then slowed as Satyra's flesh healed. But the vice kept tightening. 
As the jaws closed, the discs around the horns began to squeeze the nipples
  jutting bud. It gripped them tight, kept going. The tight little nerve cluster
  crushed slowly between the metal plates. Another turn, and another. Satyra
  threw her head back and hissed, fighting the pain, fighting with everything
  she had. 
The tightening stopped. 
Satyra had no opportunity to give thanks. Though the vice did not crush her
  teat further, the horrible pressure did not disappear. She felt as if her suckling-button
  were being torn slowly free from her mammary. She wanted to gag. 
Krool moved to the other nipple. 
Satyra felt the touch on her boob and panicked, trying to yank herself away,
  sobbing slightly. Sadiste reached out herself and captured the Satyr-woman's
  quivering tit, massaging it gently as the vice was moved into position. 
Stop it, stop stop stop,' panted Satyra. Her control was slipping as the
  extreme horror of her previous torture in this dungeon became awful reality. 
No, my dear,' Sadiste said patiently. You'll look lovely in these, very
  sexy.' She used the back of her hand to stroke the fullness of the white boob
  and nodded to Krool. The vice moved into position. It started to pinch. 
Aaah,' gasped Satyra, tears starting to run down her cheeks. Wait  justaahhhwait,
  wait!' 
The demoness and her slave ignored Satyra's frantic pleas. The vice tightened.
  It pierced the skin. More blood spilled down over her curving plunge of breast. 
Arrrrgghhhh! Stop!' 
The nipple was sandwiched between the metal discs. The crushed in. Harder.
  Harder! 
Nooooah ahstop it.fuckeeeeaaarrrghhhh.' 
Sadiste watched Satyra squirm in the shackles as if in the throes of passion.
  Her mouth was open wide, eyes tight shut, body shining with a dew of pain. 
At a nod from Sadiste the little homunculus stopped his tightening. Satyra
  hung in her shackles and tired to suck air into her lungs. Her breasts rose
  and fell in spasms as she sucked in air. The shaking of her eye-catching breasts
  made the clamps hurt her more. 
Krool moved back, taking in the view of the shuddering boobs with a delighted
  slobber. Shuffling quickly across to the left side of the alcove he fiddled
  with some more machinery while Sadiste walked slowly around behind the red-haired
  prisoner, letting her hand run up and down her Satyra's lithe arms while the
  Chevaan panted and tried to steady her breathing. 
In less than a minute Krool had reappeared in front of the gorgeous victim.
  Sensing his return Satyra opened her eyes. 
In one hand the filthy rag-covered creature held a thin silver strand  like
  a piece of fine twine, but made by some devils art not of rope or even leather
  but shining metal. The slavering homunculus took some tentative steps forward,
  and again reached out for the clamp on Satyra's left breast. She tried to pull
  back, but Sadiste settled her arms on her shoulders, holding her firmly. Now,
  now,' said the demoness in soothing tones, let Krool finish what he started.' 
Reaching out once more Krool found the pinioned nipple and pulled it towards
  him, dragging the rest of the tit behind it. Satyra sobbed in pain as her boob
  flesh was stretched by the squashed nub. 
Holding the tit out from her suspended white body, the little demon threaded
  the metal strand through the ring in the outside edge, tying it securely. Then
  while Satyra whimpered and Sadiste watched he repeated the process with the
  right nip-pincer. 
You're doing very well,' Sadiste purred in the Chevaan's ear as Krool moved
  away again. Don't you feel sexy with that lovely jewellery on?' 
Youdamnslut,' was all Satyra gasped out in reply. She closed her eyes,
  her suspended body shaking slightly with the strain on her arms. 
Mmmmm, you have a naughty little mouth,' Sadiste teased the prisoner. Let's
  see it opened a bit wider.' She glanced off to the side and nodded. 
At the wall, Krool began working a metal wheel with a single handle. He wound
  the wheel around and around with a broken ratcheting sound. At first Satyra
  had no idea what the creature was doing. Then suddenly she felt the wires hanging
  down from her tortured breasts quiver, moving slightly over her concave abdomen. 
Sucking in air she looked down. The wires were moving, rising off the floor
  as their nether ends were drawn back towards their point of origin. They lifted
  off the floor, rising higher. Satyra began to feel them tugging gently on the
  pincer, even that tiny pressure adding to her considerable pain. 
Satyra squirmed futilely in her restraints, her pelvis rising and falling
  as she tried to gain some leverage by which to free herself. By now the wires
  were level with her waist, and still they rose; higher and higher. Soon they
  were hanging almost horizontal, and the Chevaan was grunting in pain as they
  pulled at her entrapped titty-points. She watched in mesmerized despair as
  they kept going, lifting above the horizontal as they fought to return to their
  home in the shadows above. 
Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhh.' Satyra's cries became more high-pitched as the wheel
  turned. The metal strands tied to the nip-clamps were standing out rigidly
  form her breasts now, angling up into the shadows of the roof, and still the
  tension increased. The faint tug had now become a unyielding pull on her crush-sensitized
  passion peaks, the grip of the vices meaning that the two full Chevaan breasts
  were being hauled up and apart by their most delicate aspect. Satyra struggled
  to lift herself even a few inches to help ease the pain that made her feel
  like her nipples were being torn from her breasts by a pair of sharp toothed
  pliers. Her head was buried in her arm as she ground her teeth in frustration,
  torment, and agonizing helplessness. 
The wheel stopped turning, and Sadiste moved around in front of Satyra to
  stare at her new lesson in suffering. To the awful crushing of her boob-buds,
  in itself a terrible pain for a woman to endure, had now been added a new dimension  having
  those hardened nerve clusters stretched practically to the point of ripping
  free of their luscious home. Sadiste knew that for the priestess bound in front
  of her the tension in then wires had increased her pain threefold, the constant
  strain lifting her curving tits high and making their whole soft roundedness
  a transmitter for pain to their sweating, squirming mistress. The demoness
  long nailed hands travelled to her own eye-catching breasts, her fingers squeezing
  gently as she thought about the intense sensations running feverishly from
  her prisoners tortured mammals and into her brain. She felt herself growing
  warm, arousal building in her sex-charged crimson form as she channelled some
  of Satyra's sensual torment. 
Satyra glance up to see the red whore-demon fondling her large boobs as she
  leered at the satyr woman's own tormented flesh. The look of growing ecstasy
  on that beautifully evil face filled her with loathing and contempt, and she
  tired to endure the torture more bravely. 
Krool came up behind her, reaching past her shoulder and using one bandaged
  finger to test the tension on the right wire, tweaking it softly. The minor
  physical contact made Satyra's whole breast explode with pain, but she kept
  her response to a tight lipped grunt and a twisting of her full red lips. 
Sadiste noticed her unwilling companion's stoicism and stepped closer, reaching
  out so that her fingertips brushed the Priestess scrunched midriff. Don't
  try to deny these sensations,' she purred, eyes dancing over the length of
  the sexy Chevaan's body, dusted with small diamonds of sweat. There's so much
  I can teach you if you just let yourself experience them fully.' 
You,' Satyra gasped out, area sicktwisted bitch!' 
Let me show you just how true that is,' Sadiste purred. She moved casually
  to one side as Krool stepped forward again. The sight of the little demon made
  Satyra flinch without thinking. In his hands the robbed deviant held what appeared
  to be a pair of small metal fastenings, no longer than his little finger, except
  they were not full circles and seemed to barbed at one end. With a start Satyra
  recognized the objects. 
Hooks! 
Krool shuffled forward until he had positioned himself directly between Satyra's
  wide spread thighs her delicately furred mound cracked open just in front of
  his slobbering hooded face. Wordless sounds of excitement bubbled from within
  the shadows of the hood as the creature stared at the thin reveal of pink only
  inches away. Satyra could only watch in utter horror as the demented little
  creature held up the wickedly barbed hooks and dangled them before her most
  intimate flesh. 
Sadiste watched the terror in the prisoner's eyes and felt a warm glow spreading
  through her own loins. She moved one of her hands down to rub herself lightly
  through the gossamer purple loincloth. Aren't they wonderful,' she said in
  a purr as Satyra's wide green eyes just stared at the barbs. Imagine what
  they're going to feel like when Krool pushes them in, the points digging into
  your pussy lips, tearing out the other side. And then, when he pulls on the
  strands, and the barbs dig into you from within and you start to open like
  a flower' The demoness voice trailed off as she slipped her hand under the
  loin cloth and played with her self shamelessly, thinking of Satyra's future
  nightmare. 
Oh Goddess,' whispered Satyra, her white face even more ashen as the terrible
  image filled her mind. Oh Goddess, please deliver me from this evil.' 
Sorry,' Sadiste said, darting forward so than he face was only inches from
  Satrya's. Her smile was like a shark circling its prey. No divine intervention
  allowed  though if you want to try a bit further south, I'm all ears.' 
Satyra was actually trembling a little as she met Sadiste's yellow stare.
  The defiance seemed to be draining out of her like water from a leaking bucket. Please
  don't do this,' she whispered. Don't let him, please. I can'tI can't bear'
  her voice trailed off into a half sob. 
Its' alright, my pretty one,' Sadiste said, you don't have to do anything
  you don't want to. Just say the word, and we can leave here right away.' 
Krool gave a piteous whine at those words, but Satyra hung in abject misery. Please,
  please I'll do anything else. Anything.' 
Sadiste moved closer still, so their breasts were rubbing gently as each woman
  breathed. There is only one think I want, dear girl,' she said. Her voice
  had become low and husky. Give up your foolish defiance and yield to me, Satyra.
  Yield up your soul, and I will show you pleasures such as you never imagined
  in your wettest teenage dream.' 
Satyra's lips quivered in anguish. I can't,' she said again, but her voice
  was less certain than in previous refusals. She drew a shuddering breath and
  her tits wobbled gently against the red demon mounds of her enemy. 
I can be very skilful,' Sadiste moaned, stepping even closer. Krool had to
  scurry aside as the tall devil woman stepped up between the prisoner's legs,
  their bodies nestling against each other. Sadiste's arms circled Satyra's waist,
  pulling her gently against the demoness while the red woman nuzzled her smooth
  neck. Do you remember my tongue, Satyra, how it felt to have it moving over
  you, over your skin, over your sex.' She paused and bit one pointed white ear
  gently, pausing her read curls aside with her horns. Would you rather feel
  my mouth on your sweetest lips?' She ground her groin softly and slowly against
  Satyra's naked mons. Or would you rather feel Krool's little toys?' 
Satyra's sexy body was trembling against the demon woman's with each shuddering
  breath, but she shook her head, tears running down her face. Goddess help
  me, I can't,' she wept. 
Sadiste pulled back, lifting the satyr woman's head by the chin. That's a
  shame,' she said, and Satyra was stunned by the sincerity in her voice. Krool,'
  Sadiste snapped out, as she turned away and moved back from the alcove. 
Krool raced forward, almost stumbling over his robes in his haste. Without
  preamble one raggedy hand clutched roughly at Satrya's womanhood, pinching
  the soft outer lips in a cruel grip. He jabbed his thumb inside her, prying
  the folds apart. 
No, NO!' Satyra shouted, fear making her voice louder and higher. She desperately
  tried to twist fee of the filthy grip as the hooks moved closer to her pussy. Get
  him away from me. !' 
Krool laughed like a bubbling cess pit and pulled back Satyra's right vulva,
  holding the fold of skin between finger and thumb. With a cruel move he jabbed
  the first hook against the inner flesh, pressing with his thumb so that the
  bard pressed against the skin, making the priestess cry out. The demon applied
  more pressure, getting another scream, and then the pointed metal surpassed
  the elasticity of the woman's pussy cover and pierced her, driving through
  the flesh. 
Aaaaaaarrrrrr!' Satyra's scream as the barb spitted through her pussy lip
  filled the room, and she shook violently in her restraints, making her breasts
  dance as drops of sweat fell from them in small torrents. She took a long breath
  and screamed again as the demon continued to push the point into her, until
  at last with a squirt of blood it emerged though the other side of the undulating
  quim-cover. 
Sadiste watched the lovely red-head shaking in pain, the red blood showing
  starkly against her white skin. She reached under her kirtle and pinched her
  own vulva hard enough to feel the pain, thrilled at what the bound victim was
  going through. 
Satyra's eyes were clenched so tightly her head throbbed. She could hear the
  demon moving, sense him close to her. She tired to ignore the sounds, tried
  to tell herself that if she didn't look, didn't see him getting the hook ready
  then it wasn't real. She felt the finger touching her gates again and the fear
  took her, made her gasp for air and twitch. By the time she felt the cold metal
  point against her flesh she was already crying out. A moment later she was
  screaming, sobbing hysterically as he pierced her other side, repeating the
  procedure as she howled and wept helplessly. 
Having finished with the hooks Krool moved off to the wall. Again Satyra heard
  the sound of wheels and gears. The metal crescents impaling her began to quiver,
  then the satyr woman felt the hooks tighten, tin at her bloodied lips. The
  tightness grew as the sound continued, Satyra knowing without opening her eyes
  that the wires tied to the hooks were rising even as their companions on the
  nipple rings had done. As they reached the limit of their extension they continued
  to tug at her flesh, pulling the vulva slowly apart, the crack of female flesh
  widening to reveal her pink inner being more fully even as her barb-pierced
  flesh sent messages of pain racing up her spine to make her cry fresh tears. 
Wider and wider the wicked barbs hauled the soft white slit, Sadiste watching
  the process like the unfolding a beautiful flower as the feminine petals were
  pulled back. At the top and bottom of the cleft Satyra could feel the flesh
  straining until it was almost at the point of tearing, her crack so wide that
  the inner lips of her pussy were fully exposed and parted in sympathy with
  their outer siblings. The air of the dungeon wafted over her naked quim as
  she wiggled her heaps to try and take some of the tearing pressure off her
  tortured woman-flesh. Sadiste watched the display with her finger deep inside
  her own vagina, eyes glowing with lust, while at the controls on the wall Krool's
  wet gibbering was clearly audible, growing more frantic as the lips of Satyra's
  femaleness were peeled back like the skin of a ripe fruit, revealing the juicy
  wetness beneath. 
Krool stooped and locked off the mechanism. Satyra now hung in her bondage
  with her vulva wrenched a good five inches apart, while the rest of her sweated
  and squirmed and shook with weeping. And the diminutive creature wasn't finished
  with her yet. 
While the priestess let her head fall back and sounds of incoherent horror
  came from her lips, the demon readied another piece of apparatus near the wall.
  He trundled it forward, the whole thing rolling noisily on metal castors so
  that Satyra's head snapped up to see what new atrocity her captors had in store
  for her. 
The device was a metal pole five feet high fixed to a round base that rolled
  across the alcove flooring. At the top the pole hung over, and a short chain
  was attached to it, hanging down to a thumb sized hook. Swinging gently on
  the end of the hook was a glass container filled with some greenish liquid  at
  the top it had a metal cap with a ring that sat on the hooked chain, while
  at the bottom was another metal cap that tapered down to a cone-shaped funnel,
  sitting open a hall-inch wide at the base and with some sort of small wheel
  attached. The whole arrangement reminded the beautiful horned prisoner of ale
  kegs she had seen tapped with a wooden bung in her village, but she doubted
  that the purpose was anything so benign, especially when the funnel opening
  was positioned by the raggedy figure so that it hung directly over her forcibly
  exposed womanhood. 
Krool tittered maliciously and moved around behind her again. Satyra wiggled
  her hips to try and keep as much distance as possible between her vaginal opening
  and the metal spout as Sadiste came forward again. 
The demoness pulled her finger out from under her kirtle, the red skin glistening
  with the moisture of her sex. She held it up and pressed it against the puckered
  lips of Satyra's own entrance, mingling their juices. Satyra trembled in shame
  and fear and closed her eyes as the crimson bitch diddled her hole. 
It's almost time for your next lesson, dear Satyra,' Sadiste said in patient
  tones. I have tried to educate you in the ways of the world, my dear, for
  your own benefit. Unfortunately, despite having a great deal of potential,'
  and here she paused and sniffed the finger she had worked up inside Satyra's
  love tunnel, before sliding it back inside the pink crevice and continuing, you
  remain a poor student.' 
Then I realised,' the demoness went on, still finger raping her audience, that
  the reason for you recalcitrance is to do with your upbringing. You have been
  brain-washed with the teachings of your Chevaan sisters about the nature of
  good and evil, love and desire. Your experiences in our realm have helped you
  to shed some of these inhibitions to your true nature.' 
Satyra's breathing came in tight quick bursts as she felt the demoness' finger
  stimulating her feminine regions in ways she found equally repellent and intoxicating. Get
  your finger out of me and release these chains, and I'll show you some of my
  true nature,' she growled. 
You see,' Sadiste smiled, you can learn. Even now, thanks to you encounter
  with the slithering ones, you understand that your body can react to pleasure
  in ways you never dreamed of.' Sadiste gave a sudden extra forceful push, grinding
  her knuckle against the prisoner's love-nub and making Satyra's eyelids flutter
  as warm feelings of excitement arced out from her moist centre. Yes, you learned
  that lesson very well.' 
Bitch!' Satyra gasped. Even the little movements of Sadiste's hand caused
  jolts of pain from the hooks in her stretched vulva. 
Sadiste ignored the outburst. The flames hardened your mortal flesh, and
  the Yukhoth helped you understand the true nature of the humans you would dwell
  among  selfish, cruel and treacherous.' 
Like othersI could mention,' Satyra said in a fight to keep her tone even.
  The evil slut was making her soft pinkness quiver as her finger created ever
  greater feelings of arousal. She knew if she moved even slightly to try and
  escape the vile digit the piercings would reward her with terrible pain. 
Yes, but I make no pretence of being anything other than I am,' Sadiste smirked
  back. The stones helped you to understand the nature of futility, struggling
  against the crushing forces that trap as all. Satyra closed her eyes as Sadiste
  mentioned the stones, fearing that the demon-girl would see some spark there
  as she remembered the other lesson she had learned there from Zaraeth. She
  felt Sadiste's finger frigging her with slow, deliberate movements and heard
  her sigh. Despite some progress, however, you remain mired in narrow minded
  Chevaan philosophy. Why, I asked myself.' 
Maybe because you'vespentall this timetorturing me, you sick freak,' Satyra
  blurted out angrily. 
Discovery is often painful,' Sadiste said. At any rate, that does not explain
  you stubborn refusal to embrace a new and better way of seeing the world.' 
I serve thethe goddess,' Satyra whispered. The finger rubbing the channel
  of her sexuality was nearly driving her mad now, teasing her at the edge of
  release but expertly keeping her from achieving it. She felt herself quivering
  with unspent energy. 
But that is not the reason,' Sadiste said forcefully, twisting her wrist
  and drawing a soft moan from her victim. However powerful that loyalty is,
  it is ultimately an abstract. You have never seen the goddess, never known
  the warmth of her embrace. Only something tangible could provoke you to endure
  such suffering when escape is only a sweet surrender away.' 
Even in the midst of her rising sexual fever, Satyra felt her heart grow chill
  at these words. 
The red-tressed woman felt her head jerked back and saw Krool standing directly
  behind her. The violent action sent messages of pain from the hooks in her
  tits and pussy as the rag covered hands jammed a metal rod like a horses bit
  into her mouth, securing it with a strap that passed around the back of her
  head. The demon pulled the fastenings brutally tight, digging the round metal
  deep into the corners of the woman's red mouth, then pushed her head forward
  to look down at Sadiste still casually fingering her captive slit. 
Thank you Krool,' Sadiste said. We want to be sure our lovely student can't
  interrupt proceedings.' She looked up at Satyra, meeting the stare of those
  wide all green eyes. You cling to hope, my lovely priestess  hope that you
  will somehow triumph and see her again  that she will take you in her arms
  thank you with her heart and body and tongue for all you have done for her.'
  Satyra's eyes grew wider as the full truth of what was to happen dawned terribly. Well,
  be careful what you wish for, my dear.' 
Krool's hand moved around like a serpent and touched the faucet attached to
  bottle over her quim. Instantly a drop of green liquid appeared at the opening  it
  hung for a moment at the edge, then fell through space and splashed lightly
  against Satyra's wide-peeled womanhood. 
Gaaaarrrrrhhh!' came the gorgeous prisoner's muffled cry. Where the emerald
  potion had landed, waves of caustic fire seared through her, the nerves burning
  in acid torment. The pain overwhelmed her control and her body shook so that
  fresh needles of suffering stabbed in her nipples and impaled pussy lips and
  brought further gagged sobs. 
Very good Krool,' Sadiste nodded. But stop now  we must wait for the arrival
  of the last player in this scene.' 
Satyra shook her head to try and clear the green burning haze as Sadiste stepped
  down from the metal platform and into the middle of the chamber. Lifting her
  arms the demoness began to chant softly, muttering words long forgotten by
  all but a few in the mortal lands above. 
A shudder ran through the cavern. Sadiste intoned more loudly, eyes glowing,
  and with a sound of shattering stone a crack burst open in the roof above.
  Soft solver light flowed down from the cleft, washing in shining ribbons around
  the chanting demoness as Satyra opened her eyes and watched in numb horror
  as a figure took form, lying helpless on the floor in front of the beautiful
  minion of evil. 
Sprawled out before Sadiste's sandled feet, completely at her mercylay Conine! 







Part XIII

Dark Passions


In the depths of the night-cloaked northern forest, a woman stirred in her sleep and moaned.

The dreams tormented Conine as they always did.&nbsp; Her sisters screamed as they were dragged by the Romans to the whipping posts, to the torture chambers, to the flat, cum stained wooden frames in the soldiers barracks.&nbsp; Satyra screamed as she was carried away by Gracus men, who tied her to a tree and cut her with their swords til her body was covered head to toe in blood.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then Gracus came and she was lifted up onto the cross while her sisters that she had failed hurled abuse at her, coming up beside the laughing Roman and the ramming the iron nails into her flesh, leaving her die hideously.

She wept, in the dream and in the real world.&nbsp; She had failed them all.&nbsp; She was not clever enough, was not strong enough.&nbsp; All her fault.

When the ground in her dream opened beneath her, she did not question it.&nbsp; When she toppled into the yawing abyss, she did not struggle to escape.&nbsp; She deserved damnation, deserved to fall.&nbsp; And fall she did, for what seemed like an eternity, as the howls of the thrice damned rose up to meet her.&nbsp; 

Satyra, she sobbed, Satyra forgive me my love.&nbsp; I failed you.

I failed you all.

***

Satyra stared at the unconscious form of Conine in wonder and fear.

Part of her surprise was how much her lover had changed.&nbsp; Even with her head lying on the stone floor, it was obvious the warrior woman&#8217;s hair was much longer, curling down around her breasts and broad back where it had once been cropped short about her shoulders.&nbsp; She still wore her leather boots and greaves, but in place of her armour she was now clad in two strips of buckskin; one as a loincloth, the other to cover the generous curves of her chest.&nbsp; She appeared leaner as well, her already toned figure now somewhat more muscular in appearance without having added any mass.&nbsp; The marks of the whip upon her bronzed skin had faded to dim stripes, faint reminders of the ugly wounds that had adorned her hanging on the cross.

Satyra looked at Conine and new immediately that these changes, however subtle, were not ones that could be accomplished in days, or even weeks.

How long had she been in the Underworld?

Satyra stepped around the gently breathing warrior woman and brought the priestess back from her musings.&nbsp; &#8216;She looks so peaceful,&#8217; she said, staring down at the defenceless Chevaan.&nbsp; &#8216;And so beautiful.&#8217; She glanced up at Satyra.&nbsp; &#8216;Shall we wake her?&#8217;

Satyra made a gurgling sound through the bit, and her eyes should growing panic.&nbsp; &#8216;Yes, lets,&#8217; Sadiste said, eyes narrowing in evil pleasure.&nbsp; &#8216;A reunion between two lovers &#8211; what could be better than that?&nbsp; She will awake, and then she will see her darling priestess again &#8211; that is what you want, isn&#8217;t it?&#8217;

Satyra gave a small sob, thinking of Conine seeing her.&nbsp; More than anything, she wanted to be with the raven-haired warrior, to feel her strong arms around and loose herself in those shining blue eyes.&nbsp; But for Conine to see her like this, bound and degraded, a thing to suffer at the whims of these degenerate fiends, was a thought that left her sick inside.&nbsp; She would rather die than have her beloved see her like this.

Sadiste sensed her horror and smiled more widely.&nbsp; &#8216;What&#8217;s the matter Satyra, don&#8217;t you want her to see you.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you think she would enjoy it, getting to see you hang in Krool&#8217;s machine with hooks through your tits, moaning like a common whore?&nbsp; Do you think she might be repulsed at dead white skin, or would she be more disgusted by the way you have your dripping pussy peeled open like a piece of fruit so anyone can fuck you whenever they like?&#8217;

Satyra gave a wordless cry of rage, trembling and hurting herself against the barbs, but Sadiste knew it was not physical pain that brought tears to the corner of the ram horned beauty&#8217;s eyes.

&#8216;Well,&#8217; said Sadiste with a shrug that made her full breasts jiggle, &#8216;lets find out.&#8217;

Without further comment, the demoness stepped over, kneeling down beside the sleeping woman&#8217;s head.&nbsp; As Satyra&#8217;s eyes when wide with horror, she whispered softly, &#8216;Conine; awake.&#8217;

***
The tickling in her ear brought Conine instantly to the alert.&nbsp; She rolled forward, hands up and ready to protect her, eyes blazing, and saw

Something that made those eyes grow wide.

Kneeling next to her, hair like spun copper, bronze skin and long curling rams horns framing a face like a goddess, with glowing green eyes full of warmth.&nbsp; She paused for a heartbeat, then crossed the short space between them like a pouncing cat, wrapping the kneeling woman in her arms in a crushing embrace while her body trembled with emotion, tears welling up behind her long lashes.&nbsp; 

&#8216;Satyra,&#8217; she whispered, her voice breaking.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh Goddess, it&#8217;s you.&nbsp; My love.&nbsp; My love!&#8217;

***

Satyra watched as Conine pounced upon the red demoness, knowing that her lover was a match for any natural foe but terrified of what Sadiste&#8217;s power would do to her mortal beloved.&nbsp; But then she saw that Conine was not wrestling with her, just hugging the red-skinned she-devil and sobbing.&nbsp; Sadiste&#8217;s arms were around Conine as well, the two of them breast to breast, kneeling together.&nbsp; Then Sadiste pulled back her head and dipped her head forward, her lips finding the Chevaan&#8217;s.

As Satyra watched aghast, Conine returned the kiss with passion her lips covering Sadiste&#8217;s in heated display, the two women&#8217;s tongues dipping and licking inside each other&#8217;s mouths.&nbsp; Small moans came from both, and Conine&#8217;s hands roamed over Sadiste&#8217;s back, pulling Satyra&#8217;s enemy against her own lush curves as she broke the kiss and buried her face against the side of her neck, covering it with kisses and small, passionate bites of her teeth.&nbsp; &#8216;Satyra,&#8217; the priestess heard Conine sigh between nips.

And she understood.&nbsp; 

Sadiste looked over her shoulder, seeing the dawning anguish in the redhead&#8217;s eyes.&nbsp; &#8216;That&#8217;s right, my dear, your little plaything has her fondest wish, and you have yours &#8211; to see her again, safe and happy.&#8217;&nbsp; She paused as Conine&#8217;s tongue found a sensitive spot on her neck, making her sigh in pleasure.&nbsp; Her talking to Satyra apparently did not disturb whatever illusion the devil woman had used to bewitch the dark haired warrior into believing Sadiste was the Chevaan priestess hanging in chains less than ten feet away.&nbsp; &#8216;Very happy, indeed, it seems.&nbsp; I canoh, that&#8217;s nicesee the attraction.&nbsp; Mmmmm.&nbsp; She really does like you, doesn&#8217;t she?&#8217;&nbsp; Her yellow eyes became spiteful.&nbsp; &#8216;Though you would think with such love she&#8217;d be able to tell a fake, wouldn&#8217;t you?&#8217;

Satyra&#8217;s only reply was another gagged shriek as she watched her lover nuzzle the shoulder of the woman who had repeatedly tortured her.

&#8216;Oh, I&#8217;m sorry my dear,&#8217; Sadiste purred softly, fingers in Conine&#8217;s hair.&nbsp; &#8216;How rude of me.&nbsp; You should not be forced to merely watch.&nbsp; Krool?&#8217;

Satyra started and saw the rag-clad demon, standing next to her, holding something in his hand.&nbsp; He moved and pressed it to Satyra&#8217;s shoulder.

Pain blossomed in the priestess&#8217; flesh as the jaws of the tongs closed around her flesh, grinding the white softness between them.&nbsp; The heads bore wicked little metal teeth that pierced the skin so that blood trickled down over the Chevaan&#8217;s arm and she groaned.&nbsp; She tried to pull away, giving another sharper cry as her jerking movement brought fresh stabs of anguish to her pierced tits and womanhood.

&#8216;That&#8217;s it, my dear,&#8217; Sadiste sighed to the squirming captive as Conine lowered the demoness towards the stone floor, still kissing her long red neck.&nbsp; &#8216;Relax and enjoy .&#8217;

Conine shifted her lips so that she was showering Sadiste&#8217;s shoulder with light, fervent kisses.&nbsp; The demoness groaned languidly, rubbing slowly against the warrior&#8217;s curvaceous body.&nbsp; Conine let her weight fall fully on top of Sadiste, pressing their bodies together while one hand wriggled down to cup a full red breast and flick the nipple to dark hardness.

In her bondage, Satyra watched in despair and heartbreak, but was quickly distracted by Krool&#8217;s continuing attentions.&nbsp; Watching the action with gibbering delight, he used the tongs to bruise and maul Satyra&#8217;s shoulders.&nbsp; As Conine&#8217;s finger teased and fondled the demon nipple beneath her, Krool reached around to give the wire running to one of Satyra&#8217;s nipple-rings a viscous tug, making her jump and squeal shrilly.

It took little effort to see Sadiste&#8217;s intentions for this torment.&nbsp; Whatever Conine did with the demoness was perversely mirrored by Krool&#8217;s attentions to the captive priestess.&nbsp; When Conine craned her head up to gently kiss the nape of Sadiste&#8217;s throat, Krool used a thick rope to strangle the helpless priestess until she gurgled for air.&nbsp; When the warrior&#8217;s strong hands roamed down to grasp Sadiste&#8217;s waist, Krool used a short whip to lash Satyra&#8217;s sides, making her squirm.&nbsp; And when her lover dipped her head and suckled gently at each of Sadiste&#8217;s impressive chest-globes, Satyra cried out wretchedly as the little horror with her used the metal tongs to brutalize her tender white orbs, leaving the smooth curves of flesh a mass of rapidly healing bruises and dull wounds that oozed blood over her white skin.

Down on the stone floor Sadiste groaned in pleasure at the attention Conine was showering on her with hands and lips and the pressure of her ripe, lithe figure.&nbsp; The Chevaan warrior sought out every curve and dip of the demoness body with a passion that left even the sexually accomplished Underworlder panting.

Shifting her body, she grabbed Conine&#8217;s hair, pulling her head up to stare into her eyes.&nbsp; Thanks to the magic she had prepared earlier the fierce warrior woman saw only the image of her beautiful satyr horned lover, but the carnal fire that had been kindled in the demoness lit those of the illusion as well as the two women lay together, breathing quickly.&nbsp; Krool stopped mauling Satyra&#8217;s tits and pulled her head up to watch.

&#8216;Do you want me, Conine,&#8217; Sadiste breathed.&nbsp; She stroked the Chevaan&#8217;s smooth cheek with the back of her hand.

&#8216;Yes,&#8217; Conine replied, without hesitation.&nbsp; Sadiste smiled at the reply and the answering moan from Satyra in her bondage.

Sadiste leaned closer.&nbsp; &#8216;Do you want to fuck me?&#8217; the masquerading demoness asked.

Conine hesitated, just for a split second.&nbsp; &#8216;Fuck you?&#8217; she asked.

In the pain harness, Satyra watched with just a glimmer of hope.&nbsp; Though they had only been together a short time, Conine would know the priestess well enough to realise the question was out of character.

Conine, it&#8217;s not me, she thought desperately, trying to send a message to her warrior partner but force of will.&nbsp; Please, here me.

Sadiste also sensed the pause, but she pressed on.&nbsp; Her hand found Conine&#8217;s left breast, cupping it and fingering the tense nipple.&nbsp; &#8216;I need you to fuck me, Conine,&#8217; she whispered.&nbsp; Conine closed her eyes as little tinglings of pleasure raced from her breast peak.&nbsp; &#8216;I need you to say it.&#8217;

&#8216;Satyra,&#8217; the warrior moaned, eyes fluttering as she smiled.

&#8216;Yes, I&#8217;m here,&#8217; Sadiste cooed.&nbsp; She moved to press her body against Conine&#8217;s, leaning forward and biting her ear gently, playing with the lobe as her hand slid down to brush over the sword-woman&#8217;s flat belly.&nbsp; She felt it quiver at her touch, Conine&#8217;s hand coming up to run through her hair.&nbsp; &#8216;Tell you want me to fuck you, Conine.&#8217;&nbsp; She pressed her tits against the Chevaan&#8217;s so they pillowed together.&nbsp; &#8216;Tell me you want to fuck me, too.&#8217;

Conine groaned, biting her lip.&nbsp; She moved so that she was kneeling with Sadiste facing her, bodies still in contact.&nbsp; Her free hand moved down to cup the demoness tight backside.

No, Satyra though desperately.&nbsp; There was a smack and she gave a muffled yelp as Krool used a wooden paddle to begin beating her own derriere.&nbsp; Fresh tears moistened her eyes.&nbsp; No.

Sadiste smiled, licking the soft curve of Conine&#8217;s ear with a deft tongue. Her hand skimmed the surface of the Chevaan&#8217;s cleft, teasing it and feeling the moisture seeping from within.&nbsp; She smiled in dark pleasure.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh Goddess, Conine, you feel so good,&#8217; she whispered.&nbsp; &#8216;I need you so much.&#8217;

Conine gasped, pushing herself against the hand so that it rubbed her intimately.&nbsp; Her finger found the crack between two demon ass-cheeks and squeezed between them.

Satyra grunted as the torturer spread her backside cruelly, using a talon to slash painfully between her own buttocks.

&#8216;Say it.&#8217; Sadiste groaned.&nbsp; &#8216;Tell me what you want, Conine.&#8217;

Conine let go of Sadiste&#8217;s hair and grabbed her backside with both hands, pulling her against the warrior, the devil-woman&#8217;s hand sandwiched between their damp love-mounds.

Satyra closed her eyes as Krool dropped the paddle and seized a short whip.&nbsp; The thongs smacked against her ass and curled under to sting her pussy lips, making her tremble in pain.

&#8216;Say it, my love!&#8217; Sadiste gasped, her finger sliding past two soft dewy petals and finding a cavern of liquid warmth, soft and inviting.&nbsp; &#8216;Say you want to fuck me!&#8217;

Conine cried out and pulled Sadiste away, holding her by the arms as she looked at her with desire burning brightly in her blue eyes, chest heaving with passion.

&#8216;Yes,&#8217; she said fiercely.&nbsp; Satyra sobbed in despair,&nbsp; &#8216;I want to fuck you.&nbsp; And I want you to fuck me.&#8217;&nbsp; She pulled the illusion-clad demoness against her, kissing her wildly and pushing her onto the ground.&nbsp; &#8216;Right now!&#8217;

Conine moved over Sadiste&#8217;s crimson nakedness, her lips covering the demon-woman&#8217;s again as she kissed her hungrily.&nbsp; Sadiste matched her passion and moved twined her arms around Conine&#8217;s head, drawing her down onto her as she spread her long red legs in greeting.

Satyra watched in total horror as her love ground herself against the Underworlder, tears streaming down her white face.&nbsp; Her world was dying in front of her eyes.&nbsp; But she did not have the luxury even of her sorrow &#8211; no sooner had Conine and Sadiste begun their carnal frenzy than the gibbering Krool appeared in front of her again, carrying a wicked looking curved knife.&nbsp; With undisguised relish, the creature reached up with the blade and dragged it across the tops of her breasts.

&#8216;Nnnnnnnnrrrrrhhhhh,&#8217; Satyra gasped, feeling the warm blood flowing down over her as the edge of the knife gouged her open.&nbsp; She jerked backwards, filling her nipples with fresh pain, but there was no escape.&nbsp; Krool brought the blade down and cut her again, a line from her sternum to her navel that sliced the skin and into the muscles that held in her organs so that Satyra gurgled horribly, her blood running down onto the metal floor.

Slobbering, Krool bent its head forward and she felt a vile little tongue lapping at her wounds, probing past the rent flesh and suckling at the hot blood.&nbsp; Thanks to Sadiste&#8217;s magic her injuries were already healing, preventing her from bleeding out, but the knife went to work again, opening another gash in her thing, then up on her left breast.&nbsp; Cut and lick, cut and lick, the horror went on as Satyra could hear the moans of the two women sexing each other only a few feet away, knowing that one of them was the woman she loved.&nbsp; 

Through the anguish, she remembered when the soldiers had had her in the forest, tied to a tree so that they could cut her with their swords, laughing as she bled and hurt.&nbsp; Conine had saved her then &#8211; leapt in and taken on three Roman soldiers to save Satyra.&nbsp; 

Cut and lick.&nbsp; It hurt so much.

She remembered being with Conine in the cave, on the run, and the warrior never even thought of leaving her behind to escaped the patrols.&nbsp; Lying close in the night because they could not risk a fire, using their bodies to warm themselves, and those strong arms around her, protecting her.&nbsp; She had felt completely safe in those arms, wanting Conine to do more and at the same time so deeply moved that the raven-haired warrior took no advantage of her as she recovered from her ordeal.

Cut and lick. Her thighs bleed.&nbsp; Her body bleeds.&nbsp; Her breasts bleed.&nbsp; Too much blood for the creature to lap up, but he doesn&#8217;t mind wasting it.&nbsp; Cut and lick; carving her like a piece of meat while she bites on the bit wanting to scream her throat raw, hearing Sadiste purring into Conine&#8217;s ear, Conine begging her not to stop touching her.

Satyra remembered at the mountain lake, coming upon Conine as she was lost to passion, seeing the warriors strong hands touching herself and wishing it was her skin those hands were gliding over, her breasts they were squeezing so tenderly, her sex that those quick nimble fingers were exploring.&nbsp; And at the same time wanting to touch Conine too, to please her in so many ways, to show her haw grateful she was for risking everything for her.

Cut and Lick.&nbsp; Screaming, sobbing.

Sadiste was beside herself with pleasure, her sex rubbing powerfully together with the Chevaan warriors as both women unleashed their desire on the other. She looked over and saw Satyra bleeding from a dozen painful wounds while the vile little torturer was using his tongue like a thirsty hound.&nbsp; She wrapped her legs around Conine&#8217;s waist and pumped, their mounds slick by now with their juices, Conine panting and moaning wantonly.&nbsp; Sadiste shifted her weight and rolled them over, coming up to lie&nbsp; on the dark haired woman, putting her hands around her narrow waist to give her additional leverage to keep their glistening sexes meshed together.&nbsp; Conine responded by lifting her hips, taking Sadiste&#8217;s full weight with her pelvis and drawing a trembling moan from the demoness as the women&#8217;s nether lips met in a rapturous kiss.

As the warrior women pumped her womanhood urgently against Sadiste&#8217;s wet centre, the disguised hellion looked over to enjoy Satyra&#8217;s suffering.&nbsp; Krool appeared to have abandoned the jagged knife for a rusty metal bar, which he was now using to beat the centre of Satyra&#8217;s exposed vagina, pummelling the soft pink meat mercilessly while the impacts made the priestess lower body jerk in ways that sent pain racing out from her pierced labia.&nbsp; 

In the midst of her suffering the satyr-girls eyes opened for a moment, and she stared across to see the demoness looking at her, red face ablaze with passion.&nbsp; Sadiste smiled at the tortured Chevaan and cast back her head, crying out in delight as the pressure of Conine&#8217;s love-flower against her clit brought her to climax.

Satyra hung watching the demoness ride Conine passionately, her own feminine flesh throbbing in agony and bleeding from the repeated blows with the metal rod.&nbsp; The cruel barbs threatened to tear her labia to pieces, blood oozing from the pierced folds and dripping down from inside her where the force of the blows had ruptured her inside.&nbsp; Shards of broken bone from her pelvis floated inside her flesh like pieces of glass as body knit itself back together.

&#8216;She&#8217;s really fucking me silly,&#8217; came Sadiste&#8217;s voice in her ear.

Satyra opened her eyes to see the demoness standing next to her, then with a start realised Sadiste was looking over at herself still riding the frenzy of Conine&#8217;s sexual tempest.&nbsp; As they watched, the Sadiste still fucking winked at her double and the priestess and bent double, thrusting her ass into Conine&#8217;s face while she brought her own down over the Chevaan warrior bubbling pussy.

&#8216;Oh, she likes that,&#8217; the Sadiste with Satyra commented.&nbsp; Blinking Satyra could detect just a hint of transparency about the Sadiste talking to her.&nbsp; A projected image.&nbsp; &#8216;I can feel how much she does. Hellfire, she&#8217;s wet.&#8217;&nbsp; She grinned. &#8216;But then, so am I.&#8217;

Conine had grabbed the first demoness&#8217; ass again, and Satyra grunted as Krool began flaying her own backside with a strip of barbed leather.

&#8216;I can see why you decided to keep her alive,&#8217; the image went on.&nbsp; &#8216;She&#8217;s amazing &#8211; one of the best I&#8217;ve had, and I&#8217;ve had plenty.&nbsp; It was so thoughtful of you to save her from the cross for me.&#8217;

Satyra gave another shriek as the lash opened her flesh.&nbsp; Blood dripped down onto the floor from the tears in her buttocks.

&#8216;Why, I she&#8217;d died, I&#8217;d never have known how well she rubs that warrior cunt of hers against mine.&nbsp; And those tits &#8211; the look in her eyes when I suck them is incredible, a real wanton slut.&#8217;&nbsp; Satyra closed her eyes and tried not to hear the words.&nbsp; &#8216;Just think, if you hadn&#8217;t agreed to be tortured in hell, I&#8217;d never have known what a whore like this could do with her tongue.&#8217;&nbsp; The image fingered herself, pushing two knuckles up past her pussy lips.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh, yes, she&#8217;s licking my tummy.&nbsp; What a tease, but I can feel her fingers pulling at my pussy lips.&#8217; 

Krool reached around and jerked at the wires running to Satrya&#8217;s sex hooks.&nbsp; &#8216;GGGGLLLLRRRRRR&#8217; howled the gagged Chevaan.

&#8216;Oh, she&#8217;s blowing on my cunt,&#8217; gasped Sadiste&#8217;s projection.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh, fuck, she&#8217;s good.&nbsp; Oh, lick me Conine please,&#8217; she sighed, the last said simultaneously with the real Sadiste as she lifted her head from between the warrior&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; &#8216;Use your tongue on me, I beg you.&#8217;

Conine made no reply but lifted her head.&nbsp; For just a second Satyra would have sworn that her lover looked right at her, but then the dark haired woman&#8217;s face disappeared as she applied her lovely mouth to the task of Sadiste&#8217;s hairless demon quim.

Krool came stumbling around in front of Satyra, trembling with excitement.&nbsp; The image of Sadiste licked her lips, eyes narrowed din pleasure.&nbsp; &#8216;Her mouth,&#8217; she groaned.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh fuck, her tongue.&#8217;&nbsp; The demoness smiled in ecstasy, then looked down at her helpless prisoner.&nbsp; &#8216;Your turn too, sweetness.&#8217;

Krool gave a slobbering cackle and reached to the mechanism on the acid bottle over Satrya&#8217;s spread womanhood.&nbsp; The red head watched eyes wide with denial and terror.

Krool turned the tap, and a single green drop formed on the spout, then fell onto Satyra&#8217;s exposed pussy.

The effect was instant.&nbsp; As the burning fluid splashed against the inside to the prisoner&#8217;s labia, The Chevaan went completely rigid, her whole body spasming as burning pain raced out from her sexual centre and infused her with its awful heat.&nbsp; She could feel the venom burning her, eating into her flesh.&nbsp; It entered her blood and made it boil.&nbsp; It found her nerve endings and turned them into searing needles. 

And then more drops fell.&nbsp; Soaking into her outer lips, her pink folds, seeping inside her.

Satyra&#8217;s mouth clamped down on the bit so hard she felt teeth cracking, blood oozing from the corners of her mouth.&nbsp; She lost control of her body, jerking like a puppet on the strings of a deranged master.&nbsp; The hooks in her nipples and pussy lips tore at the tender flesh as she convulsed uncontrollably.

&#8216;NNNNNNNNNRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!&#8217;

Sadiste watched Satyra and felt Conine.&nbsp; Eyes closed as she lapped attentively at the musky sex of the warrior, she could see through her sending's eyes the helpless priestess in agony as she felt Satyra&#8217;s lover flicking her demon clit with her tongue, pulling the bud into her mouth to suck on it.&nbsp; As Conine&#8217;s attentions grew more urgent, the acid venom dripped faster.

Satyra was almost out of her mind with pain.&nbsp; Krool was letting the acid run as he used whips and knives to turn her splayed body into a bloody canvass, so much blood that she looked almost a red as the demoness being fucked by her lover.&nbsp; Fucked by her lover.&nbsp; The words played over and over in her agony-drowned mind, torturing her soul while the demons demolished her body.&nbsp; She could somehow hear Sadiste&#8217;s sounds of delight, begging Conine not to stop.&nbsp; And mingled with those groaning pleas Conine&#8217;s own sighs and whimpers of pleasure, racing towards climax from the evil that was smashing Satyra&#8217;s universe into howling fragments.

It&#8217;s not fair, Satyra&#8217;s mind screamed.&nbsp; It&#8217;s not right.&nbsp; Conine, please, help me!

Sadiste felt her orgasm building, the world contracting down to where the woman under her was using her mouth to make her feel wonderful.&nbsp; She turned her head to look back over her shoulder, face wet with the juice of Conine&#8217;s arousal.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh goddess,&#8217; gasped, knowing it was Satyra&#8217;s face the warrior saw, Satrya&#8217;s voice she heard.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh shit, Conine, fuck me with your tongue.&#8217;

Conine grabbed Sadiste&#8217;s ass so hard it felt like she would tear her open, plunging her tongue into the demoness molten slit.&nbsp; &#8216;Don&#8217;t stop,&#8217; Conine hissed between forays into the wet valley.

Conine, no, Satyra&#8217;s mind pleaded desperately, as the venom scalded her sex,&nbsp; it&#8217;s not me!

&#8216;Tell me to fuck you, Conine,&#8217; Sadiste urged, fingers deep in Chevaan pussy.&nbsp; &#8216;Tell me you need it.&#8217;

&#8216;Oh, Goddess yes, I need you so much,&#8217; Conine half wept.&nbsp; Her incredible body squirmed against the crimson hellions.&nbsp; &#8216;Please, yes, fuck me, my love, please.&#8217;

Satyra&#8217;s mind reeled.&nbsp; How could Conine say that, how could she not know?&nbsp; A metal blade pierced her right tit, and the venom boiled away inside her tender woman-flesh.&nbsp; She howled in pain, she writhed, betrayed, her soul screaming as loudly as her body.&nbsp; The caustic liquid ate its way into her, bubbling acid fire filling all her femininity.&nbsp; Spittle and blood flew from around the gag as she shook in the torture harness, tearing her tits and labia to shreds.

Sadiste saw the moment arrive.&nbsp; &#8216;Tell me I&#8217;m the best you&#8217;ve ever had, pet,&#8217; she slurred to Conine, drunk with sex.&nbsp; Her fingers wriggled deep inside Chevaan pussy, holding the muscular warrior at the very edge of ecstasy.&nbsp; &#8216;Tell me no one has ever fucked you like me.&#8217;

No, Satrya&#8217;s mind screamed.

&#8216;Oh, fuck, fuck, FUCK!&#8217; Conine groaned, body awash in pleasure.&nbsp; Her head fell back from Sadiste&#8217;s soaking mons, licking the sweet nectar from her lips.

Sadiste spat on the warrior woman clit, blowing on it, rimming her pussy with her tongue.&nbsp; &#8216;Say it, Conine.&#8217;

NO! Satyra wanted to howl, as metal hook stabbed into her anus, lifting her bleeding ass so that the foul acid inside her sluiced back out, tracing a scalding path down over her thighs as it burned out of her sex-channel.

&#8216;Say it,&#8217; Sadiste commanded, her fingers plunging back into Conine&#8217;s wet cunt and working her buzzing clitoris to the point of pain, her lips dipping to suck the bud so hard that the warrior woman opened her mouth wide and screamed

&#8216;Oh fuck me yes! YES!&nbsp; YOU&#8217;RE&nbsp; THE BEST, MY LOVE! THE BEST!!!&#8217;

&#8216;NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!&#8217;

The shackles holding Satyra&#8217;s arms above her head shattered like glass, metal fragments shrapnelling across the chamber.&nbsp; She screamed again, and her body sudden exploded with eldritch force, energy like black lightning running over her naked form, consuming her bonds in an instant.&nbsp; Free of all restraints she fell, landing on her feet, eyes blazing with dark power as Krool gibbered in panic.

At the sound Satyra whirled.&nbsp; Krool shrieked and ran, barely clearing the metal platform before a bolt of sable energy impaled him through the back and sent him hurtling into the far wall, the force of the impact leaving him lying like a sack of wet meat on the floor.&nbsp; Sadiste had rolled out from under Conine by now and was rising to her stand over the uncomprehending Chevaan, but before she had time to raise her hands or mouth in incantation Satyra was on her.

&#8216;YOU FUCKING EVIL BITCH!&#8217; the priestess screamed, her fist slamming into the demon woman&#8217;s jaw with a crack like thunder and snapping her head around. Sadiste reeled back and then suddenly the red-skinned Underworlder was pinioned in a web of blazing power, crackling currents of energy racing across her body, making Sadiste arch her back as the terrible midnight fire ripped scream after scream from the writhing demoness.

&#8216;I&#8217;ll kill you, you soulless slut!&#8217; Satyra raged, the power from her hands making the room tremble and the air reel of dark magic.&nbsp; Sadiste could do no more than wail helplessly as the bolts twisted her in their grip &#8216;til it seemed her lovely red body must be torn apart by the forces ripping through it.&nbsp; &#8216;I&#8217;LL KILL YOU!&#8217;

But before the priestess could make good on her words, she was suddenly knocked from her feet, a body slamming into her from below and carrying her to the rocky floor.&nbsp; Instantly strong smooth hands gripped her wrists, trying to pin her, and Satyra&#8217;s midnight eyes stared up into those of Conine, seeing no recognition, no remorse, only deadly intent.

&#8216;I don&#8217;t know what you are,&#8217; the warrior growled, straining to hold he lover down, &#8216;but if you&#8217;ve hurt her&#8217;

&#8216;You don&#8217;t know,&#8217; Satyra growled, the rage swelling in her again. &#8216;You don&#8217;t KNOW?!&#8217;

Again, the power blazed out, arcing from Satrya&#8217;s fingers and racing up Conine&#8217;s arms and into her body, her head snapping back as her mouth flew open in silent pain. &#8216;I suffered for you!&nbsp; I screamed in hell for YOU!&#8217;&nbsp; Conine trembled in the grip of the awful lightning, and Satyra ripped one hand free and used it so seize the helpless warrior woman by the throat as she surged back to her feet.&nbsp; &#8216;The things they DID to me!&nbsp; The torture; the violation; the PAIN!&#8217;&nbsp; The bolts searing Conine grew more frenzied, and the dark haired Chevaan gave a long gargling scream as her skin was scorched, her legs kicking spasmodically while her body convulsed and her firm breasts quivered as they were licked by sable fire, the charge running along her arms, across her belly, down to her bared mons.&nbsp; The warrior&#8217;s heart felt ready to explode from the pain.&nbsp; &#8216;All for you, and YOU&#8217;

&#8216;AAARRRGGGGGHHH!!!&#8217;

&#8216;DON&#8217;T&#8217;

&#8216;AAAHHHAAA.EEEYYAAAAAHHHHHH!!!&#8217;

&#8216;KNOW!&#8217;

Satrya&#8217;s beautiful face was twisted into something bestial.&nbsp; Her all black eyes looked up at her victim with nothing remotely like mercy or compassion as the naked woman screamed horribly, tear filled eyes staring at her, and suddenly going wide with something beyond terror, beyond agony.&#8217;

&#8216;SSatyra?&#8217;

The simple word cut through the priestess hurt and rage, hollowing her.&nbsp; She blinked, and suddenly Conine was staring down at her in grief and confusion, even as blood rand down over her bare breasts from Satyra&#8217;s grip around her throat, even as she trembled with the lingering pain of the lightning.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh Goddess aliveSatyra,&#8217; Conine half gasped, half sobbed.&nbsp; &#8216;What have they done to you?&#8217;

Satyra saw the horror and pity in her lover&#8217;s eyes, cutting her like a blade.&nbsp; She saw the white hand like a claw digging into Conine&#8217;s throat, threatening to strangle her, and the burns from her lightning peppering the soft smooth flesh with patches of suffering.&nbsp; Her hand flew open and the warrior dropped at her feet, sprawling on the stonework as she reeled back in terrible understanding. 

&#8216;Conine,&#8217; she whispered.&nbsp; &#8216;Oh my love, what have I done?&#8217;&nbsp; She took a small step forward, and the sudden fear in the warrior woman eyes struck her like a physical blow.&nbsp; &#8216;Conine, forgive&#8217; she began, but without warning there was a flash of light, and a sound like a great wind sweeping through the noisome cavern, and a woman confused cry.

And Conine was gone.

Satyra stared a moment at the place where he love had lain, then past it to where Sadiste lay near the far wall, her hand outstretched from having cancelled the summoning that had brought the human Chevaan to the Underworld, even as she had cancelled the illusion that had prevented Conine from seeing her surrounds truly.&nbsp; All this comprehension flashed through Satyra&#8217;s mind in barely an instant, but before she could act on her understanding, a bolt of dark flame lashed out and struck her from behind, enveloping her in its fury and dashing her senseless to the ground.

Sadiste stood slowly, rubbing her bare shoulder where she had slammed into the rock wall.&nbsp; From the shadows near the door, the demon Vhyl padded into view, his forked spear still emitting small wisps of flame as he stared down at the felled Priestess with satisfaction.

&#8216;You took your time,&#8217; Sadiste complained, moving up next to the black skinned devil as she stood over Satyra.&nbsp; &#8216;She might have killed the warrior bitch had you tarried longer.&#8217;

&#8216;What of it?&#8217; the demon sneered.&nbsp;&nbsp; &#8216;Besides,&#8217; he added, looking her naked red form up and down, &#8216;I liked how you looked in pain.&#8217;

Sadiste ignored the comment and the frank lust in Vhyl&#8217;s stare and gestured to Krool where the torturous demon cringed beside the wrecked harness.&nbsp; The raggedy creature darted forward and began again securing the white skinned prisoner. &#8216;She is not yet ready to kill her friends,&#8217; Sadiste explained to the lumbering demon warrior.&nbsp; She crouched beside the lovely half satyr, fingering her red hair.&nbsp; &#8216;One final test to endure, and she will be ours without hope of salvation.&#8217;

Satyra full red lips parted and a soft and piteous moan escaped between them.&nbsp; Sadiste smiled and on a sudden impulse bent down, brushing those soft lips with the dark velvet caress of her own.

For the briefest of instants, as the women lips touched lightly, a spark of eldritch power tingled between them, masked by the lingering fury unleashed within the cavern.

But not far away, the blue skinned Zaraeth blinked and smiled in the servicing of her lord Vulgus&#8217; rampant male organ. And in the black and tormented recesses of Satyra&#8217;s unconscious mind, a tiny flicker of hope lit the darkness.











In the cavern of the Throne Zaraeth bent over the scrying pool and
breathed upon the bubbling waters, smiling as the image within in the pool
shimmered into a view of Sadiste standing before the manacled and unconscious
form of the now white skinned Chev




 
  Brett Crawford
  Normal
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-04-25T01:21:00Z
  2006-04-25T01:21:00Z
  1
  5578
  31796
  264
  74
  37300
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Part XIV

&nbsp;

Final Release

&nbsp;

If
you missed the previous chapter, dealing with the seduction of Conine by
Sadiste as Satyra is made to watch while being tortured, stop now! It is
available to read  unfortunately, it was posted some time ago but not
announced in the story index updates. If
you have read part 13  read on and enjoy

&nbsp;

In the Cavern of the Throne Zaraeth bent
over the scrying pool and breathed upon the bubbling waters, smiling as an
image shimmered into a view. In it, Sadiste was standing before the manacled and
slowly awakening form of the marble-white skinned Chevaan prisoner.

&nbsp;

Zaraeth licked her lips in
anticipation. The mystical tremor she
had felt a short time earlier could only mean her plan was now in affect.
Sadiste was in her grasp  the red demon-bitch just didnt know it yet.

&nbsp;

A low rumble sounded behind her and Zaraeth
made a show of presenting her bare ass to the inspection of Vulgus on his
throne. Sadiste is preparing for the
Chevaan whores final breaking now, milord, she said, casting a look back over
one shoulder. Perhaps she will succeed.

&nbsp;

You should hope not, came the
demon-lords rumbling baritone. Else
the suffering you will endure as Sadistes slave will
be the talk of our realm for millennia.

&nbsp;

Zaraeth came up to a kneeling position and
looked around at her master. Every
scream from my broken body I shall offer up to your pleasure, my Lord Vulgus.

&nbsp;

Vulgus gave a laugh like a small earthquake
and reached over to grasp one of Zaraeths breasts with his talon like nail. Indeed, he said, beginning to use the nails
of his fingers to draw blood from the plump blue tit as he dragged her toward
him, you shall!

&nbsp;

***

&nbsp;

Satyra and Sadiste faced each other across
a cavern filled with fire and stone columns.
Stalactites and stalagmites dotted the space like stone fangs in a
monsters mouth, and the rumble of the fiery pools made the walls and floor
quiver.

&nbsp;

The white skinned Chevaan stood calmly erect,
shackles on her wrists attached to chains that drew her arms straight out from
her body. More metal bands around her
ankles kept her legs spread more than shoulder width apart.

&nbsp;

Satyra did not even blink at her
bondage. She knew the positioning of her
arms and legs was designed to highlight the swell of her round breasts, the smoothness
of her thighs and belly and the fire tufted slit between her long legs. She knew but she did not care. The Underworld had been one long exercise in
humiliation, and the priestess no longer trembled at the thought of her naked
body displayed so wantonly for her enemies.
It was simply the nature of these creatures.

&nbsp;

Sadiste moved over, hips swaying
insolently, her every sensuous move an insult.
She had been waiting there when the half-satyr had awoken, watching her
struggle back to consciousness so she could see the fire of hatred flicker in
Satyras eyes as she opened them to see the
woman who had stolen her lovers kisses right in front of her.

&nbsp;

Satyra stood in her chains and let the hate
bubble in her. She remembered the feathery
kiss of the demoness lips and the flutter of hope it brought, but she stamped
on that light, grinding it beneath the heel of her contempt lest Sadiste sense
it. She focused on the memory of Conine
moaning in ecstasy in the arms of the red-skinned whore sauntering over to her,
the desire to get that smooth neck between fingers and grind it to red pulp, to
have her revenge!

&nbsp;

Sadiste let her eyes rove over that
spectacular gleaming white body, feeling the same thrill at seeing the
priestess in chains that she had the first time she had seen her bound in the
Roman wagon. She looked at the beautiful
face and smiled. There was fire in those eyes now, a savagery to the curl of
those red lips. She wondered what Satyra
would do to her if she were to get free at this moment. The demoness felt the waves of power roiling
off the Chevaan and honestly didnt know if she could still best the ram horned
Amazon.

&nbsp;

The thought tickled her, and she smiled
wider.

&nbsp;

You are so close Satyra, she purred,
stepping so close that their breasts were only inches apart. Sadiste raised a flat hand and moved the palm
over Satyras form, almost touching the smooth marble skin. I can feel your passion. Her half closed her eyes, studying the
prisoner from beneath her curling lashes.
And your hatred, she whispered.
It makes you strong.

&nbsp;

Satyra trembled, mouth curling in
contempt. 

&nbsp;

Sadistes hand moved to touch her between
her breasts. The demoness sighed
softly. Mmmmmmm, she husked, so much
power. She let the hand run down over
Satyras belly, then up again over one ripe tit. It crackles under you skin. The demon-girl squeezed the plump tit softly,
making Satyra twitch. Yearning
for you to unleash it.

&nbsp;

Satyra did indeed unleash something, as a
large gob of spittle hit the demoness in the eye.

&nbsp;

Sadiste blinked at the saliva ran down her
face, her tongue snaking out to lick it from her full black lips. She smiled, never letting go of Satryas
melon breast. Without warning, she dug
in her inch long nails and squeezed.

&nbsp;

Satyra stifled a groan and looked at the
demoness, her face a little pinched.
Sadiste squeezed harder, her talons digging into the yielding flesh so
that drops of crimson began to ooze down over the while roundness. The priestess narrowed her eyes in
concentration, but made no sound.

&nbsp;

Nodding in approval Sadiste stepped around
behind the prisoner, her hand never breaking contact with the Chevaans now
deeply gouged tit mound. Once behind her
she stepped up until Satyra could feel her breath on the back of her neck and
the soft pressure of her large red tits pillowing against her back. A gentle bump that could only have been the
demon womans sex mound rubbed against her ass as Sadistes hand again began to
cruelly manipulate Satyras abused boob. The demoness this time forwent any
warm up and plunged her razor sharp claws straight into the vulnerable mammary,
twisting with awful delight.

&nbsp;

You know, if I thought you were liking this, I might stop, Sadiste murmured into the
captive Amazons ear, as despite herself Satyra whimpered softly. The claws were cutting her deeply, the
bloodied breast being wrenched into altogether painful shapes and
positions. Sadiste wiggled her fingers
and the talons inside slashed and cut, ripping Satyras tender tit-globe from
within. The prisoner gasped and
staggered forward as thick red warmth spilled down onto her belly and ran down
between her legs.

&nbsp;

Sadiste lapped up the feel of Satyras body
nestled against her own; the bloodied breast a soft globe of meat in her palm
as she mauled it. As she felt the half
satyr wiggling, Sadiste let her other hand move around the white skinned girls
waist, her nails brushing over the smoothness of her flat belly with just
enough pressure to leave marks without drawing blood. The gorgeous priestess stiffened in
recognition of the demon girls hand as it moved lower, questing down between
the splayed thighs of the captive so that the flat of Sadistes palm cupped to
the tender swell of womanliness nestling there.

&nbsp;

Satyra endured the touch with revulsion,
every fibre of her screaming with outrage at the perversion of this creature
who had taken Conine in front of her. Feeling
the hand pressing gently against her cleft she grimaced, unwanted images of
Sadistes hands roaming over Conines full lovely body floating before her
minds eye. The pain in her tit was
excruciating, yet perversely she found herself imagining the passionate
coupling she had seen between the two women; but instead of Conine, it was she
herself moaning in pleasure under Sadistes expert fingers as she used her lips
to suck and kiss her hot red skin. She
fought to push the image from her mind as she felt betrayal of familiar
stirrings in her mons, shaking her head and muttering curses that she hoped hid
her bodys betrayal.

&nbsp;

Sadistes hand tickled her quim with its
wicked nails, and then the demoness slid one long finger between the seal of
flesh and began exploring the vestibule of the Chevaans pussy, the flat of her
finger rubbing up and down against the inner folds. Satyra stiffened in anticipation of those
curving talons slashing at her more vulnerable flesh.

&nbsp;

The demon slut dug her nails deep into the
Chevaans large tit again, bringing a fresh sob of pain. Satyra trembled, the motion rubbing her sex
against Sadistes skilful digit and adding pleasure to pain.

&nbsp;

I just love hurting you, Satyra, the red-skinned
harlot moaned into her ear as she tore at the lacerated breast. The ram horned heroine ground her teeth in
pain. And I know that you would love to
hurt me too, wouldnt you?

&nbsp;

Satyra made no response, breathing in
through her nose and out of her mouth.
Sadiste smirked and with the speed of a viper thrust two of her hellish
claws into the meat of the Chevaans thighs, eliciting a sudden gasping cry. Sadiste gave a tinkling laugh of pure evil
and felt the blood running down her fingers.
I said youd like to hurt me, wouldnt you?

&nbsp;

Satyra let her head fall to her chest,
trying to ignore the pain in her upper legs.
Sadistes nails burned as if they had poison on them. She could feel the blood running down from
her wounded thighs, dripping onto the stone floor between her legs.

&nbsp;

Sadiste pulled the satyr-womans foaming
hair back, running her finger along one curling horn and leaving a smear of
blood from the deep gouges in the priestess firm breast. You would like to hurt me, I know, she
whispered. Likethis!

&nbsp;

Sadiste pulled her talons free of Satyras
legs and drove her fingers deep into the folds of her pink centre. The claws ripped as they went in, Satyra
convulsing and shrieking in pain as her sex was violated by the tearing
nails. The hot sluice of blood filled
her pussy and dripped down from her torn womanhood as she hauled at her chains,
making them rattle loudly as the action only added to the damage being done
inside her.

&nbsp;

Sadiste laughed in pure pleasure and pushed
her two fingers up into Satyras love channel, wiggling them in a despicable
parody of affection as the curving hooks on her fingers sliced and lacerated
the insides of Satyras vagina. Satyra
threw her head from side of side as she tried to endure the pain without
screaming, forcing herself to emit only choked agonised sobs. Sadistes hand strayed back to her chest,
grasping her unwounded mound this time and tearing at it as she squeezed
horribly, crushing and shredding the firmly pliant meat at the same time.

&nbsp;

Your goddess has abandoned you, Sadiste
chuckled, twisting her hand and almost severing the nipple of Satyras tit as
blood and sweat ran down her gorgeous chest.

&nbsp;

Your people are being fucked like whores
in the brothels or Rome, she added. Her fingers
inside the young priestess pushed deeper, the demoness knuckle grinding against
the clit and making Satyra jerk with the stimulation.

&nbsp;

Your lover has forgotten you, the demoness
purred. Her fingers spread themselves,
the hellions vile strength forcing the sides of Satyras moist tunnel
painfully wide and scratching her inside, wounding the yielding meat of her
holy place. She longs to lie with
others, and feel their tongues and cocks pushing into her wanton cunt while she
laughs and cums over and over.

&nbsp;

Oh Goddess! Satyra screamed. Her head
was pulled back to face the ceiling and Sadiste could see the tears and horror
in the white face, read lips stretched in pain.
Her body shook against the demoness and Sadistes gasped as she felt her
first orgasm from Satyras sculpted ass grinding her sex as the hellion gyrated
against her captive. Oh Goddess, have
mercy on me!

&nbsp;

The Chevaans head was wrenched around by
her man of flaming hair, and Satyra found herself staring into those glowing
yellow eyes. The excitement of her
climax burned in her face as Sadiste held the prisoners inches from her.

&nbsp;

Your goddess has abandoned you, sweet
one, Sadiste crooned. Fingers slick with
Satyras own blood caressed her white cheek.
You have no hope left now. It is
time.

&nbsp;

Sadiste hand, still bloodied from the
raking of her mammary, released Satyras hair and made a strange and alien
gesture. An object came into focus, shimmering as it took on solid form. The young Chevaan looked at it with wide green
eyes, feeling the horror wash over her like a storm tide.

&nbsp;

It was formed of two parts, each over eight
inches in length and as wide as the satyr-girls wrist. These two shafts curved up slightly in a
shape like a Roman letter V, their nether ends tipped with a bulbous knob and
the surface of each curving shaft studded with metal bumps. Its black weight shone in the torchlight as
Sadiste let her slender fingers play over one phallic extremity. This, she
murmured, is the Teacher of Submission.
It has been rarely used in earnest, for the skills of we
Underworlders in the ways of surrender are honed by millennia of practice. In our whole history it has only be employed
four times to fulfil its true purpose.

&nbsp;

Sadiste let the double phallus touch
Satyras poor wounded teat, and the Chevaan braced herself for more agony. Instead, subtle ripples of pleasure flooded
her breast, making her forget the pain of her wounds as she let out a small
gasp of pleasure. She trembled as a warm
glow filled her spectacular chest, like the feel of some exotic oil of the east
being rubbed into her battered flesh by soft and willing hands.

&nbsp;

This object, Sadiste said in purring
tones, was forged from the passion of a thousand young men sacrificed on the
dark altars, their desire imbedded in its very essence. It speaks to the soul of the woman it
touches, the thing in her that responds to the most primal, she paused,
wetting her lips, sexual urges. Satyra
tried half heartedly to pull away, but Sadistes hand was still lodged inside
her crotch and pulled her forward, keeping her in contact with the
Teacher. Stepping round in front of the
Chevaan she moved the phallus so one of its heads rested between Satryas ample
tits, her own pressing up against the snow white hemispheres to create a nest
of yielding softness around the dildo, the shafts being cupped in each beauties
cleavage. It calls forth the females own hunger, letting her know the true joy
of surrendering herself to the throws of carnal bliss.

&nbsp;

Satyra could barely make out the words
Sadiste was uttering as she fought not to yield to the luxurious tingling
playing over her breasts like a hundred soft loving kisses. The cuts on her
breasts were now almost healed by the Underworld sorcery. She took a panting
breath and bit her lip, her head light and her heart beating faster within her
trembling bosom.

&nbsp;

Of course, Sadiste whispered, for those
who prove intractable, the Teacher has other lessons.

&nbsp;

Without warning, the pleasure washing
through Satryas ample mammaries transformed to sharp stinging pain. The Chevaan gasped and twisted as loving
kisses turned into the bites of venomous insects. Again she tried to pull away, but Sadiste
held her with a devils strength as the torment ran over the flesh of her
womanly chest, making her close her eyes and hiss between her teeth.

&nbsp;

Then the pain was gone. Satyra opened her eyes and saw Sadiste
holding the Teacher before her once more, smiling her wicked smile and
caressing the bulbous end of one metal shaft.
Now, she said playfully, where do you supposes
this little thing is going?

&nbsp;

Her eyes flicked down but Satyra did not
need to follow her gaze to know the answer to the red-skinned hellions question. She said nothing, but if Sadistes smile was
anything to go by, then the look on her lovely face must have spoken of both
her anger, and her fear.

&nbsp;

The devil woman stepped closer until their
breasts were almost touching, then moved the double headed tool down out to
site. Satyra kept her green eyes fixed
on the demoness yellow ones, grunting slightly when she felt one metal cock-
head brushing up against her labia.

&nbsp;

Me first, the Underworlder said, and her
arms and shoulders moved as she manipulated the sex-artefact, a look on
concentration on her face that quickly turned into blissful pleasure as she
pulled the metal Teacher into herself.
Satyra looked away for the few moments it took Sadiste to have the
implement fully inserted into her red pussy, the evil slut lingering with the
process and showing no embarrassment at revelling in the sweet sensations she
was experiencing in front of her helpless captive.

&nbsp;

Ah, the pleasure, the Underworlder
sighed. But pleasure should be shared,
dont you agree, Satyra? She moved closer, so that the womens full firm tits
brushed sensuously together. Share this with me.

&nbsp;

Satyra felt the nub of the metal artefact
push softly against her helpless labia, acting as a surrogate cock for the
female monster before her. She pulled back, but the manacles stopped her. She
struggled to close her legs, but she was helpless. She panted as the metal
obscenity eased forward, directed by Sadistes wiggling hips and her depraved
will. 

&nbsp;

The demoness put one hand on Satryas slender
waist and the other behind her head amid her rippling red hair, forcing her
head down, making her gaze down to where the teacher seemed to sprout like a
vile appendage from within the devil-womans bald red pussy lips. Sadiste moved
her own pelvis up and down and Satyra felt the head slip past her outer folds
with a wet pop.

&nbsp;

Im going inside you now, the red-skinned
hellion whispered, voice thick with passion.
Satyra closed her eyes against the truth of it but could not escape the
feel of her sex being violated or the unimaginable horror of knowing she was
going to be raped again, but this time by another woman.

&nbsp;

Sadiste lovely, evil face was glowing with
excitement, the waggling of her hips moving her towards Satyras holy of holies
but also rubbing the teacher inside her own wicked loins. She shifted both
hands to grasp the ram-horned beautys hips and gave a quick thrust, hitting
the barrier of the inner pinkness as Satyra clenched desperately, trying to
keep her out. Sadiste laughed nastily and pushed harder, keeping the pressure
up and watching Satyras own gorgeous features scrunch up as the priestess felt
the metal shaft make headway, fighting past her resistance bit by bit, pushing
her womanly petals inwards. The Chevaan shook her had and kept resisting, but
it was hopeless, the demoness to strong and she too weak from torture and
despair. She struggled furiously, weeping in anger, and then cried out as her
defences crumbled before the irresistible onslaught.

&nbsp;

AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!

&nbsp;

With a sudden rush, Sadistes metal cock
surged deep into the prisoner, impaling her sex with eight inches of smooth,
cold iron. Satyras wail mixed with Sadistes gasp of utter delight as she rammed
into the prisoner, the cock coming to a sudden halt as the womens sexual
organs slamming together with a sticky, wet slapping of female flesh.

&nbsp;

For a moment, the two women stood there,
red and white bodies nestled against each other, curling red waves of hair
mingling with the straight midnight tresses in an exquisite
tableau of sensuality.

&nbsp;

Feeling her flat belly pushed up against
Satyras Sadiste tensed her abdominal muscles, massaging her victim lewdly as
the pressure of their bodies against each other made the body of each woman
start to perspire. Satyra felt the metal phallus inside her twitching,
stimulating her sexual centre without her consent and knowing that the other
half of the repulsive device must be doing the same inside Sadistes
love-canal. A warm, moist glow began to build in her nethers, tingling outwards
through the rest of her.

&nbsp;

Sadiste languished in the feel of being
imbedded in the white-skinned Chevaan, savouring the touch of Satyras
incredible physique in contact with her own but also the sense of power, the
experience to taking her against her will. It was hardly the first time she had
raped a woman, not even the first time she had violated them in such a way, but
the excitement of doing it to this
woman made her black heart pound in her breast. A look of pleasure mixed with
loathing was painted across the priestess strong, lovely features as she still
fought to resist the unstoppable course of events, to deny the pure ecstasy
being channelled into her young red-haired cunny. 

&nbsp;

Sadiste purred with happiness, moving her
hips back and pulling out of the Chevaan a little, sex-juice gleaming on the
metal as it slid out of the silken folds. Satyra gave a little whimper at the
feel of the shaft leaving her, then moaned loudly as
Sadiste pushed with her hips, sliding back into her. She repeated the move,
using the mystical phallus to fuck Satyra slowly and with relish. Grabbing her
prisoners firm white ass with her taloned hands the demoness began to move
into a steady rhythm, slicing her pussy with seven inches of thrusting steel
cock.

&nbsp;

Hanging helpless Satyra wept with shame,
trying desperately to ignore the tumultuous yearning building inside her as her
womanly cleft was filled with a bubbling lustful sweetness. The enchantments on the Teacher ate away at
her already battered defences like a tide against a sandcastle. Her toes curled
as rich dark pleasure washed over her, making her want to surrender utterly to
the yearnings of her body. Her orgasm began to coil and wriggle inside her
belly, and nothing she could do seemed able to stop the powerful forces within.

&nbsp;

Give in to it, a voice whispered to her,
and with a start her eyes snapped open to find Sadiste staring at her, yellow
eyes full of passion. Satyra had been so overwhelmed by the forces tugging at
her womanhood she had almost forgotten the demoness responsible for her
violation. Sadiste was leaning back with
her hands on Satyras backside and pumping steadily, using the sorcerous dildo
as skilfully as Satyra had ever known a man to do with a real cock. The Underworlder smiled in delight and her
figure undulated as she fucked her prisoner, full blood red breasts twitching
as her breathing quickened with her arousal. Satyra stared at those twin orbs
of flesh, perfect as her own, and wondering what it would be like to have one
of those delightful spheres pressed against her lips as she suckled on the dark
hard nipple and lapped at it with her tongue.

&nbsp;

At once, she pulled back, shaking her head
so that her red hair billowed around her curving horns. Never, she
gasped. Ill never join yeeeeAAAAAHHH!

&nbsp;

The pain came out of nowhere, filling her
womanhood as if the liquid pleasure that had been bubbling within were a
passing daydream. She shook in her
chains and her body quivered while it felt as though she were again in the pool
of fire.

&nbsp;

And then it was gone, and the pleasure was
building again. She sucked in air and
blinked, feeling the steel sliding effortlessly into her as she tried to
comprehend what had happened.

&nbsp;

If you reject it, you will suffer,
Satyra, Sadiste said without stopping her pumping rhythm. Fighting will only bring you pain, my sweet
Chevaan, but surrender, she pushed deep, and Satyra felt a glow of ecstasy
flare briefly between her legs, will bring you such joy as you have never
known.

&nbsp;

Satyra moaned with desire and with
despair. It felt too good, Sadistes
warm red body felt so good, and she felt her climax buzzing inside her,
building towards release. Without thinking,
she wiggled her shapely hips, helping the movements of the arcane dildo as it
hummed in her sex, while the demoness dipped her head to nuzzle her neck,
kissing it. Their breasts met again and
the twin mounds of each woman pillowed erotically.

&nbsp;

Stop, Satyra whispered. I wont be yours. I wont. Sadiste pushed in and out of her
and she mustered her strength, trying to pull away. No, she said again, more forcefully,
struggling to retain her sense of self.
NO!

&nbsp;

Pain again, and this time it made her
shriek, head cast back. Small insects
were stinging inside her poor cunny, filling it with acid venom. She thrashed helplessly, hearing from a great
distance Sadistes own cry of pleasure as Satyras writhing form twisted the
Teacher in her demon cleft and she came. The cries mingled in the cavern as
each spasmed, twitching and gasping.
Then the pain stopped, and Satyra slumped in her bonds, feeling the
demonic phallus again begin to slice upwards between her pouting nether lips.

&nbsp;

You have no choice now, my little
priestess, Sadiste said, rubbing herself against the Chevaan and delighting in
that bodys glorious curves. You will suffer endlessly, until you surrender to
what your cunt cries out for. You pussy
is telling you what you really want, Satyra.
You cannot deny me any longer.

&nbsp;

The demoness watched the Chevaan sob
pitifully, still trying to fight the inevitable. Sadiste thought she had never
seen a woman look so sexy in her brokenness, so utterly desirable.

&nbsp;

Satyra shook her head, still resisting, and
another wave of pain made her heave up and howl in agony. Sadiste felt the Teacher filling her own
pussy with another powerful surge of pleasure, rewarding her decadence, and
didnt know how the Chevaan could still be fighting, still be choosing
suffering over sweet release. Tears ran down the white cheeks as she twisted in
pain, but she refused to yield. Yet she
must, she must!

&nbsp;

Satyra felt her soul being shredded to
bloody rags by the anguish pumping into her pussy. The pleasure came briefly now, the pain hot
and fast. Her womanhood throbbed and
screamed with it, like white-hot razors slicing into her sex-meat, destroying
her over and over and leaving her alive to suffer again. She knew that she had only to surrender and
the pain would stop, had only to say the words and she would be in rapture, but
she kept fighting. Her body felt as though
it had plunged into fiery lava and she screamed until she felt her lungs
exploding, but the vile magicks kept her alive, kept her aware. Sadiste kept
raping her, torture fucking her over and over, climaxing repeatedly as the
helpless half-satyr twisted so hard she wrenched her shoulder and hips out of
joint, her tits heaving and blood oozing from her ravaged quim as she screamed
and screamed and screamed again.

&nbsp;

How long it went on like that, neither
woman could have said. Anguish and
euphoria slammed into each other over and over in a moving tableau of sexual
release, two incredible female bodies thrashing together, the exotically
gorgeous faces of each girl a window to their souls as they gasped, choked, and
grunted in endless unison. Red and white
forms slid up and down against each other furiously, as ardent and crimson tits
bounced and jostled each other and small rivers of perspiration flowed down
their quaking flesh, mingling in the soaking sticky heat of their pounding pink
sexhoods.
Satyras red hair fell about her horns in lank strands of molten copper,
as her full mouth stretched painfully to express her suffering, her voice all
but gone from howling. The pain in her smashed and shredded pussy radiated out
through her, until every tiny nerve in her ripe body was being flayed by the
never-ending torture of the metal atrocity lodged deep inside her.

&nbsp;

Sadiste howled too, another orgasm shaking
her to her black core. She had never
dreamed such bliss could be, the pleasure of tormenting such a resilient soul
leaving her in ecstasy. He mouth flashed
forward, fangs burying themselves in mortal flesh and blood filling her mouth as she bit
deep into the redheads neck, so that streams of blood ran down over her breast
and writhing body. Give in, she
hissed. Give in, Satyra, let go. She
pumped on and on, hearing her captives sobbing screams. I need you with me, Satyra,
I need you toarrrrrggggggghhhh!!!

&nbsp;

Satyra blinked, feeling the wash of
pleasure and feeling Sadistes body shaking, not in delight, but in
suffering. Somehow, the pain had turned
on the demoness, giving Satyra a moment of respite. But how?

&nbsp;

She barely had time to form the question in
her mind before the red skinned hellion hauled herself
upright, face twisted in fury. Again
Satyra felt the agony engulf her and her broken voice howled anew, but this
time the suffering was less all encompassing. Almost as if it were being
somehow diminished

&nbsp;

Satyra concentrated, focussing her
will. Days [or was it centuries] of
torture in the Pit had left her shaken and frayed, but they had also tempered
her inner strength. Like the sword that
was heated and beaten over and over, her will had been hammered into something
hard and flexible and steel. She thrust the pain aside and looked, really
looked, into the leering facing of the woman raping her, studying that vision
of diabolical beauty, searching its chiselled, inhumanly lovely features.

&nbsp;

Their faces were so close their breath
mingled as each panted from between lush full lips. They could smell each other
sweat as their bodies twisted and jerked in unison, tits rubbing together like
pairs of wine-skins, firm and yielding. As the juices of their sex blended into
a single sticky morass between their legs of crimson and alabaster, Satyra clenched
her teeth so hard it felt like they would shatter, her throat constricted with
the sounds of pain gurgling up from within her.
Sadiste thrust hard and the pain-cock of hell ripped her deep, making
her sob aloud, and in that instant when she felt herself suffused with torment,
she saw what she knew the demoness was desperately trying to hide from her
victim.

&nbsp;

Pity.

&nbsp;

Satyras mind reeled. She grunted at
another thrust, acid fire scalding her pink centre, but her thoughts were
racing. The spell had worked, and now Sadiste was feeling the purity of her
evil compromised, diluted by empathy.
She cared about what was happening to Satyra, wanted her to surrender
not just to know the pleasure of conquest, but so she could stop hurting her!

&nbsp;

Satyra snarled, feeling her torment
easing. The Teacher of Submission
responded not just to the feelings of its victim, but also the one who wielded
it. It was a double edged sword, and
Satyra had the secret now. She clenched
the muscles of her womanhood, made herself squeeze down on the abomination
ravaging her, though every part of her cried out to expel it from her. She gripped it tight, drinking in the pain to
feed her anger, and then suddenly she thrust.

&nbsp;

Sadiste was drawing back her own hips and
was taken unawares. The cock went back
with her but kept going, lifting her onto her toes as her yellow eyes
registered surprise, which quickly changed to a gasp of pain. She staggered, and as she stumbled off-balance
Satyra thrust again, concentrating her rage into the thing of darkness nestled
inside her and sending her black anger surging through it and into her demonic
captor.

&nbsp;

Sadiste screamed,
eyes screwed shut, her back arched. The
pain fuelled her own anger and she pulled herself up, sending her own violent
thoughts through the double phallus and into Satyra as waves of suffering. Her eyes lokcked
with Satyras own and the demon woman gasped in surprise to see that Satyras
green orbs were quickly darkening, transforming into two shining black marbles,
cruel and pitiless as a sharks.

&nbsp;

And the battle was joined in earnest.

&nbsp;

Two maelstroms of agony battered at each
other as both women twisted and thrashed upon the horns of the evil artefact,
seeking to dominate and beat down their opponent. The screams of both women mingled into a
single raging symphony of pain and hate.

&nbsp;

Throughout the Underworld, the minions of
darkness paused in their vile chores to take note of the strident screams, as
the forces being unleashed within each trembling form made the leaping pools of
fire shiver and opened hairline cracks in the ceiling and walls. Elsewhere, Yukkoth
turned their heads from the mutilations of young lovers who had embraced the
ways of pleasure at the expense of others.
Warrior demons busy flaying the hides of men and women who had enslaved
others for their twisted desires held their whip hands steady to wonder at
which soul could produce such a sweet cry of utter torment. In the pits, the serpents of lust coiled and
hissed as the sound of ultimate suffering echoed along the tunnels and in the
dark caverns and crevices where they slithered, hungry for prey.

&nbsp;

In the chamber where they stood, Satrya and Sadiste continued their contest of wills without
respite. Both women stood transfixed
with the horrid metal cylinder impaling her though her female centre, like fish
squirming upon a hook lodged deep in their moist red flesh. The waves of sexuality emanating from their
two magnificent bodies heaving against each other would have burned away the
blood and bones of any mortal man who stumbled upon them, as forces primal and
elemental built in their twin cores, fighting for release. Both now experienced pain that took them to
the edge of madness, yet neither backed away.
Their bodies crackled with mystic energy that stung their nerves like
the bite of a thousand hornets across each lovely inch of smooth skin, but they
fought on. Searing bolts of sorcery sprang up between them, lashing their
bodies and tender breasts with fire that boiled the blood in their veins and
rent their curving forms to bloody ribbons; they screamed and kept going, the
blood running down over sculpted asses and exquisite legs to gather in steaming
pools about their feet as they stood tip-toe to tip-toe. Between those gorgeous
lower limbs the lips of their tortured cunts
blistered and smoked, the succulent pink sex within each girl a receptacle for agony;
but they did not relent, each thrusting madly, knowing that to yield for a instant would be fatal.

&nbsp;

It could not last forever. The fire raged in each of the two mystics,
but in one in burned the hotter. Sadiste
felt her strength reach its limit, her power curtailed by the empathy that
clung like a parasite about her and leeched her dark strength. Her eyes widened
in horrible realization, and she pulled back, seeking escape.

&nbsp;

Satyra was faster. As the red-skinned demoness tried to rip
free, the fingers of the ram-horned Chevaan locked about those of the
Underworlder, holding her fast. Sadiste screamed in rage and fear, but she
could not pull free.

&nbsp;

Release me, she howled, but Satyra only
laughed through her pain. Set me free
or die!

&nbsp;

Satyra grinned wide and sent another wave
of power racing through the mystic circuit.
Sadiste shrieked and twisted in the Chevaans grip, but could not pull
herself away. Her loins sparked and
sizzled around the Teacher as it suffused her with torment, as Satyra leaned
forward, pressing her advantage until the demoness full red tits arced up
towards the cavern roof and the vertebrae in her back cracked like kernels of
grain in the fire.

&nbsp;

Do you feel it bitch, Satyra laughed
again, her face glowing with wild exultation.
You wanted my power, sluttress of hell. Now take it!
Take it all!

&nbsp;

Sadiste took the power being channelled
into her, having no choice. She took it
until her hands and pussy burned with dark fire and tears of blood leaked from
her yellow eyes. She took it until her
lush crimson skin blistered and bled while she screamed endlessly. She took all her demonic form could endure.

&nbsp;

And then she took more.

&nbsp;

Mercy, Sadiste howled, her skull feeling
it would burst from the pain. Her inside
were liquid fire, consuming her endlessly.
P-pleasepleasssssssee..

&nbsp;

Satyra stared down at the broken think
twisting in her grip, her eyes cold and black as the pits of darkness. Yes, mercy, she whispered. Such mercy as you taught me.

&nbsp;

The power flared in Satyras eyes again, and
she did nothing to deny its siren call.
Within her wet sex the pain was transformed instantly to euphoric relaease, washing through her like a tide of pure erotic
bliss, drowning her soul in its power. And in an instant, the chains that had
held her fast were wrapped about the demon womans wrists instead. Without effort Satyra stepped free, pulling
herself off the Teacher of Submission with a wince of pain as her flayed
womanhood steamed, the terrible wounds healing slowly. 

&nbsp;

Sadiste sagged in her new bonds, but only
for a moment. A gesture from the red
haired satyr woman and fire crackled from her fingers, flowing into the malevolent
phallus and into the demoness ravaged cunny, making
her scream anew.

&nbsp;

Hang there in shame until you master comes
for you, cunt of hell, Satyra snarled, still
trembling from the ordeal she had endured.
Blood and sweat rand down her curvaceous body as she stood naked but
clothed in power. And when the Teacher
is done with you and he begins you true torture, I will be listening for your
screams.

&nbsp;

Sadiste looked at the Chevaan with pleading
eyes, betrayed by compassion. There was
none to be seen in the now black orbs of the priestess.

&nbsp;

Movement behind her reminded Satyra of her
danger. A groups
of Yukkoth gathered in the entrance to the cavern,
eying her nude form with evil smiles. 

&nbsp;

Satyra smiled back.

&nbsp;

A moment later only she and the howling
Sadiste and a half dozen pools of steaming goo occupied the rocky walled chamber. Satyra raised her hands and summoned her
new-found power, black flames rushed upwards to surround her, and when they
died away, only Sadiste and the bubbling pools remained.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DarthSaad


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





