BDSM Library - Maliia's Nightmare




Maliia's Nightmare
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two Asian college roommates who have a secret attraction to each other take part in a psychology experiment that is either a nightmare or a dream depending on your point of view and they are pierced and modified, bound and controlled as slavegirls and eventually forced to serve in any humiliating capacity. Maliia's Nightmare  
By Maliia Kanaulahu  
From Maliia's Website at Maliia.com  
All Rights Reserved  
My name is Maliia. I am half-Polynesian and half-Caucasian. My story begins
  at the start of my freshman year in college, and as an eighteen-year-old girl
  away from home for the first time; I was both excited and nervous. Not being
  from a wealthy family, I was like many college students in that I did not have
  a lot of extra money for frivolous expenditures. I was also really nervous
  about who my roommate would be. For an entire month before school started,
  I contemplated the "what ifs". What if I didn't like her? What if she and I
  had nothing in common? It was not long after I met Miko, my new roommate, that
  I discovered we had much in common, and that our shared interests would only
  grow.  
Like me, Miko was half-Caucasian. Unlike me, her other half was Japanese.
  Still, we looked very similar. She had beautiful straight black hair that flowed
  like a gentle waterfall to the middle of her back, and smooth features that
  complimented her soft skin and exquisite almond-shaped eyes. My hair was just
  as long and straight, but not quite as dark as hers. We both had almost the
  exact same body shape, though; tiny feet and smooth slender bodies that were
  well formed from plenty of exercise. I, of course, had a complexion of a deep
  copper brown, while hers was a much fairer shade that complimented her appearance.
  We were even the exact same height, five feet two inches. While I was deeply
  envious of her toned shapely legs, she claimed to envy my flat well-formed
  stomach. The truth, however, was that our legs, bellies, and the rest of our
  bodies were almost identical. It was as though the goddess of fate had stepped
  in and put us together in a tiny dormitory room on the far west side of campus.  
For our first two months of school we did everything together, quickly becoming
  the very best of friends. Since we had the same major we shared many of the
  same classes. We formed the same circle of friends, and we almost always ate
  together and exercised together. Often it was almost as though she could read
  my thoughts and finish my sentences, and I could do the same to her. By the
  time the Thanksgiving holiday rolled around I thought of her as a sister.  
I had always admired her body, and I thought that I caught her gazing at
  mine from time to time, but I was never really sure, and certainly not comfortable
  enough to say anything. I wasn't into other girls, at least I didn't think
  I was, but I had to admit to myself, that I felt very close to Miko. There
  were times when she was upset and I would hold her, or when I would get scared
  at night and she would share her bed with me, comforting me and gently stroking
  my hair. It was at those times that I often wondered what it would be like
  to feel her soft apple-blossom lips pressed against mine.  
'I remember the conversation that started everything. It was a chilly day
  right before the holiday, and I was staring at her pouty crimson lips as the
  words softly flowed into my ears on the wind of her melodious voice.  
"As long as we're both going to be stuck here over the holiday, we may as
  well make some money. Don't you think so, Maliia?" Miko asked with an inquisitive
  look on her sweet childlike face.  
 "Well, I just don't know, Miko," I hesitated. "I mean, we know nothing about
  this 'experiment', they won't give us any information, and I thought that we
  were going to hang out together."  
"But we will be hanging out together, sweetie", she replied as we walked
  rapidly towards the old brick building on the edge of campus. "Look, we're
  almost to the lab, and I'll be with you every step of the way, I promise. Okay?"  
"Well, as long as you're with me, I guess I'm open to listening," I replied,
  trying to hide the nervousness in my voice as we entered the building. I pressed
  my hand against the thick wooden door of Professor Gordon's office and stepped
  into the room. I quickly glanced around the small room with a dirt covered
  window on one side, through which light barely filtered in. The fluorescent
  lights flickered ever so gently, and bookshelves lined every wall. The desk,
  the chairs and even the floor were covered in books, papers, documentation,
  notes and napkins with formulas and scribblings on them. I had to step over
  three distinct piles of information just to reach the heavy oak desk. The professor
  quickly stood up and extended her hand in greeting, which Miko enthusiastically
  shook.  
Professor Gordon was a beautiful woman; I could not believe that she was
  a professor and not a model. She seemed to be in her mid-thirties with blond
  hair that was tightly tied in a bun on the top of her head. Her crystal-blue
  eyes peered out from behind a pair of reading glasses that were perched ever
  so carefully on the end of her charming nose. We both took a seat in front
  of her desk as she began to explain the 'experiment' to us. "You will forgive
  me for having to use my inhaler from time to time," she began. "I'm afraid
  that my asthma is acting up terribly today. I'm practically using it with every
  breath. I don't know how much Miko has told you," Professor Gordon directed
  at me as she took a breath from her inhaler. "But I'm afraid that most of the
  details of the experiment are a secret. You see, if I were to tell you too
  much, it would ruin our results. That having been said, basically it's a psychological
  experiment. We are trying to establish patterns for certain sociological cues
  or guidelines, and whether it's those mores that produce the tendencies of
  the individual, or whether those tendencies are an inherent part of one's pre-existing
  psychological profile."  
The professor continued to talk for several minutes, taking deep breaths
  from her inhaler from time to time. Most of the words just sounded like babble
  to me, like on the Peanuts cartoons anytime an adult would talk, it just sounded
  like 'wah wah wah." I simply could not focus on the words; they had no meaning,
  and what seemed to be at least an entire hour of nodding my head as if I understood
  a single word that was said, and struggling desperately to keep my eyes open,
  I felt Miko nudge me sharply.  
&quot;So, girls, does this sound like something in which you would be interested
  in participating?&quot; The Professor inquired.  
 I blinked several times, trying to focus. I glanced at Miko, who quickly
  rubbed at her delicate almond-shaped eyes and seemed to nod in my direction. "Um,
  that sounds great, Mrs. Gordon," I heard Miko utter. "Does that sound good
  to you, Maliia?" I saw that Miko was giving me that 'just nod your head and
  say yes' look, and since I had no idea what I was agreeing to, I could only
  assume that she did. "Oh, um. Yes, of course, Professor. I think that sounds
  great, just great," I heard myself say.  
"Very good, girls. I can say that I am very excited to have a couple of fine
  young specimens as yourselves involved with this project. Well then, just follow
  me down to the lab and we can get started right away".  
Our footsteps echoed sharply through the stairwell as we marched our way
  down several flights of stairs. I gazed at Miko's firm curvaceous rear, so
  deliciously held by the tight pair of jeans that hugged her shapely hips. I
  noticed her glancing back at me, the fabric of my red floral sundress bristling
  softly. I still felt so lazy, so lethargic. I had no idea why. The stairs were
  making me tired, almost dizzy. Just down down, clomp clomp, and the hypnotic
  swaying of Miko's ass, back and forth as we descended deep into the bowels
  of the ancient university science building.  
We were led into a sterile white-tiled room with only a row of cabinets on
  one side and a cold steel table like you would find at a veterinarian placed
  in the middle of the room. "One of my assistants will be in to help get things
  started in just a moment. In the meantime, please disrobe completely, and place
  your belongings in the basket under the steel table." The professor turned
  on her black patent leather high heels and walked out of the room, closing
  the heavy steel door behind her. I looked around the cold sterile room as a
  twitch of nervousness fluttered about in my stomach. "Um, what did we agree
  to Miko?" I asked fearfully. "I thought you knew? I was almost falling asleep
  in there. I figured that you were paying attention to it. When you nodded at
  me, I just thought that, well, if you agreed it must mean that it's okay," Miko
  replied. "Me?" I retorted. "I only agreed because you agreed first and then
  gave me that look that I should do it, too." "Well, it doesn't matter now.
  Besides, it's just some dumb experiment," Miko reasoned as she slid her jeans
  down her soft slender legs. "I mean, if we don't like it we can always quit,
  right? It can't be that big a deal. Besides, it might be fun."  
I figured Miko was probably right, so I kicked off my shoes and carefully
  slid my dress off until it was a crumpled mess at my feet. I watched as Miko
  removed her white cotton blouse, revealing her small but firm breasts supported
  by a lacy black bra. I removed my bra, exposing my breasts, and then as I slid
  my white cotton Hanes Her Way panties down my smooth legs; my eyes gazed upon
  her lithe figure. Her jeans were now balled up on the floor, and she was just
  stepping out of her panties as well. We put our clothing in the basket and
  just stared at each other in silence for the longest time. Her body was so
  beautiful and willowy. Her ribcage was almost visible with each nervous breath
  she took, and I attempted not to stare at the neatly trimmed black hair that
  grew between her legs. I tried not to blush as I thought that she was staring
  at my black pubic hair, and slender tanned legs. I felt my naked body shaking,
  in part due to my own anxiety, but also because of the chilly condition of
  the room. I noticed that Miko was shaking a too, and I was so tempted to hold
  her, to warm and comfort us both, but I stopped myself. It felt a little awkward,
  and she was too special to me as a friend. "What if she took it the wrong way?
  What if she doesn't feel the same attraction to me? I mean I think she does,
  but what if I'm wrong?" Again a bad case of the "what ifs" had taken hold of
  me and frozen me into inaction.  
My mind wandered to thoughts of Miko. I tried to suppress them because I
  didn't want to think of her like that. I mean I did, but I also didn't. Yet
  for some reason, when I did, I felt such pleasure. I could just picture us
  kissing, my hand gliding gently over her beautiful breast, flicking the perfect
  little red nipples that stood so hard on the ends of her round little tits.
  I had almost drifted into a waking sleep, my eyelids so heavy and my body so
  drained of all energy that the loud jolt of the heavy metal door being opened
  shocked me back to reality.  
At first I thought I was looking at Miko's twin. She was a small Asian girl
  who wore a shiny tight white uniform, and she carried two clipboards. The biggest
  difference was that her breasts were huge; much bigger than they should have
  been for the girl's small frame. There was no way her boobs were natural. My
  eyes traced the young assistant's body; her pantyhose. Except they weren't
  pantyhose, they were much shinier, almost like rubber. Her dress wasn't made
  of cloth either, it was like the material from a raincoat, only much softer
  and more supple.  
"What a strange way for an assistant to dress," I thought as she handed a
  clipboard to Miko and the other to me. My eyes were fixed on her breasts. Those
  breasts were huge for her, and her nipples&hellip;you could very clearly make
  out her nipples; the material of her uniform left nothing to the imagination
  in that area. I thought I had big nipples, but this girl's were incredibly
  huge and seemed to be fold on themselves.  
I glanced at her face and it looked like there was some kind of a small metal
  plate in her septum. It was hard to notice unless you looked carefully and
  at the right angle. As curious as I was about it, I didn't want to embarrass
  the girl by asking about it, after all, maybe she had a broken nose at some
  point from an accident or perhaps it was to correct a problem from birth.  
 "Please, fill out forms completely. You sign and date at bottom," she said
  in a broken English accent that hinted at an origin in Japan.  
I thought I saw something metallic flicker in her mouth as she spoke. "Maybe
  she has a tongue ring", I thought. "I guess that's not so unusual, a lot of
  my friends have them now."  
I found it difficult to concentrate on the form; the questions were all so
  monotonous. I struggled to pay attention to the form, but between my unexplained
  lethargy and the strangeness of this assistant's attire, it was difficult.
  The fact that Miko and I were stark naked in the room didn't seem to help matters
  too much either.  
 "Lessee," I thought. "Name: Maliia Kanaulahu; Address: 104 Harrington Hall
  West; Sex: Female; Medical Conditions: None Known; Allergies: None Known. Hmm,
  now this is interesting." I pondered, "Sexual History, please list all sexual
  partners: 1 &ndash; Kevin Jones. I wonder if that's okay, I've only been with
  one person, and that was my date to the senior prom in high school. How pathetic!" The
  questions just kept getting more and more personal and kinky; it was so strange.  
 "Excuse me Miss?" I inquired of the assistant. "Um, do you really need to
  know all this stuff? I mean questions like 'Have you ever been tied up in bed?',
  'How often do you orgasm?', 'Do you play with your vagina?', 'Have you ever
  worn latex, rubber, leather, or other fetish clothing?' I mean do you guys
  really need to know that stuff? It seems pretty personal to me."  
"Yes, Maliia-chan," the assistant humbly replied in broken English, her long
  black eyelashes fluttering over delicate oriental eyes. "All question very
  necessary to experiment. You no answer question, we not know solution."  
As the assistant's sentence trailed off, she bowed slightly in my direction
  and waved her hand in a manner to politely indicate that I should finish up
  my release forms and questionnaire. Responding to most of the questions was
  easy because the answer was usually in the negative, except the one asking
  if I had played with myself; I had to admit to that. I also confessed to thinking
  about other girls in a sexual manner, but luckily, I didn't have to indicate
  who. I finished up the form with my signature and the date. I glanced over
  at Miko, who was leaning against one of the sterile white walls, still scribbling
  away. Her firm breasts rose and fell with each gentle breath that she took,
  her long black hair occasionally falling in her face, causing her to stop writing
  and brush a waft of it away from her beautiful eyes. I handed the clipboard
  back to the assistant and said, "All done! Beat you, loser!" and I stuck my
  soft pink tongue out Miko.  
Miko shot a look at me, and then covered a giggle with her delicate hand
  to indicate that she was just teasing me.  
 "You lay on table now Maliia-chan. It not comfortable, but you no worry.
  It no last long," the beautiful assistant instructed me.  
I hopped up on the table. The steel was so cold against the bare skin of
  my exposed behind. I slid farther up on the table and laid down with my arms
  at my sides and my legs together. I lifted my head slightly and looked down
  at my body. My breasts stuck up slightly, with my very large hard nipples standing
  at attention on their tips. Further down my body, I could see the gentle wafts
  of black pubic hair that rose from between my tan legs. As the assistant leaned
  over me to pull a handle on the table, her large breasts pressed into my abdomen.
  For a moment I thought that I could actually feel her nipples rubbing against
  my smooth skin. I blushed and shivered with embarrassment, yet secretly, I
  felt turned on. As the assistant finally got the handle pulled, a pair of gynecological
  examination stirrups swung out from under the table. She instructed me to put
  my feet in the stirrups, but I hesitated for a moment. I never did like gynecological
  examinations. "I wasn't told that I was going to have this kind of examination," I
  protested as I nervously put first my right foot, then my left, into the stirrups.  
"Yes, you were Maliia-chan," the assistant quickly replied. "Miss Gordon,
  she go over all that with you and Miko-chan in meeting, one you just have.
  What matter, you no pay attention to that?"  
"Um, no. No, of course I paid attention, don't be silly," I replied, trying
  to hide the anxiety in my voice. "It just sort of took me by surprise is all."  
"You no worry, you very pretty girl. You and Miko-chan very beautiful. Very
  nice bodies, very nice faces. You have nothing to feel ashamed of. "  
I tried to relax. I took deep breaths, in, out, in, out. The air felt cool
  between my spread legs and against my exposed pussy. I felt the assistant pulling
  a strap over each of my ankles, then locking them to the apparatus. "Why are
  you doing that?" I questioned.  
"This just standard procedure. You no worry, we do for all people who in
  this program. We do for Miko-chan too, when it her turn. She here, she watch.
  You okay, you see," she replied with a reassuring smile on her full pink lips.  
 I turned my head slightly and saw Miko nodding at me. She took my hand and
  gently rubbed it. "I'm right here, honey. Remember, we're in this together.
  Nothing bad is going to happen to you."  
I started to relax. Knowing that Miko was there had such a calming effect
  on me. Even when the assistant locked my wrists down to the table effectively
  trapping me there, I just took deep breaths and concentrated on the symphonic
  sound of Miko's voice, reassuring me.  
"Ow!" I screamed as I felt the sting of a needle entering my arm. "What the
  fuck was that?!"  
 "You no worry, Maliia-chan. That just shot to relax you," the assistant
  said while continuing her tasks. "You going start to feel sleepy. You no fight
  it. You fight it, you feel worse. You just sleep. Just sleep."  
I tried to fight it anyway. What was going on here? I didn't want to be unconscious!
  I wanted to know what was going on around me. My eyelids were getting so heavy.
  So very heavy. Miko's voice seemed to be trailing off. I could still hear it,
  but the words&hellip;the words were making less and less sense. What was she
  saying?  
&quot;My eyes. I have to keep my eyes open. Concentrate, I have to concentrate," I
  thought as I worked up all my remaining energy to turn my head in Miko's direction.
  She was so lovely and beautiful even though she was out of focus. She kept
  getting more and more blurry, and then I felt myself slipping away into sleep.  
Part II  
It was quiet and dark. I opened my eyes, straining for them to get adjusted
  to the light, but it didn't happen. I tried to look around me, but I saw nothing
  except darkness. The only sound was a rattling. "What was that? What is making
  that noise?" I tried to move, to squirm, anything. I couldn't. My arms were
  behind me; I couldn't move them at all. It was like they were pulled behind
  my back and strapped together somehow from my upper arms all the way down to
  my wrists. They tingled like they were almost numb. I tried to move my legs,
  too, but I couldn't. They felt like they were spread, but I had no idea.  
Again I heard the rattling noise. "Was that me?" I wondered. I stopped attempting
  to squirm to see if perhaps the sound emanated from the bonds that were restricting
  my movement. I held myself absolutely still, but there it was again&hellip;rattle,
  rattle, rattle.  
I tried to open my mouth to speak, only to realize that my mouth was already
  open as far as it could be. I tried to talk, to say anything, but nothing came
  out. I felt around in my mouth with my tongue, and felt something. Something
  circular, like a ring, and it was in my mouth. I could feel my saliva dripping
  on the skin of my face. It was leaking out of my mouth and down my chin. There
  was nothing I could do to stop from drooling. "What is this thing that's holding
  my mouth open?" I wondered, the panic growing inside me.  
I could feel my heart beating faster as I tried to figure out what was going
  on. One minute I'm on a table with Miko watching me, now I'm here, in darkness,
  and bound in some weird way. I felt that my situation was hopeless, but I continued
  to try and struggle, to squirm in the hope that maybe I could free myself.
  I could not. Then the thought hit me: This is part of the experiment. They've
  tied me up and put me in the dark like this because they want to see how I'll
  react. That must be it. Professor Gordon did say that it was a psychological
  experiment. I kept trying to reason out my situation; to rationalize the position
  that I was in. It was the only way that I could keep my rising terror at bay.
  I felt my heart beating harder in my chest as I tried to calm down.  
"Just calm down Maliia, everything is going to be alright. This is just part
  of the experiment; they just want to see how you will react, then they'll let
  you go. Everything is alright," I told myself over and over.  
I felt fingers against my head. Something was over my eyes and the fingers
  seemed to be adjusting it. After only a couple of minutes, the adjustments
  seemed to stop and suddenly bright light streamed into my eyes. I blinked several
  times, my eyes trying to adjust to the intense fluorescent lights of the room.
  I was lying on my back, still on the metal table in the sterile little room,
  and standing over me was Professor Gordon. I tried to speak, but I was unable
  to form words and only a strange moaning sound came out.  
"Quiet slave!" the professor snapped as she slapped the inside of my tender
  thigh.  
I gasped through the openness of my mouth. "What was happening?"  
My eyes had fully adjusted to the light, and I could now see that Professor
  Gordon was dressed differently, like nothing I could have ever expected. I
  tried to turn my head to get a better view, but I couldn't; something was preventing
  me from moving it. The professor was dressed a shiny black material that fit
  her sexy body like a glove. It was a catsuit of some sort. She stroked my smooth
  copper thigh with one of her latex covered hands, lightly tickling my sensitive
  skin. I gazed up at her quizzically.  
 "You know, slave, you really should pay more attention before you agree
  to something. Of course, it wasn't entirely your fault. My office was filled
  with Neocryn gas which made you drowsy and distracted. I don't really have
  asthma you know," she grinned deviously.  
I looked at her in fright. What was she talking about? What was going on? "You
  have agreed to become my little play toy. You will do everything I say, or
  you will suffer tremendous consequences. You will address me as Mistress and
  nothing else. You will speak only when spoken to. You will only refer to yourself
  in the third person, and I will modify your body, mind, and personality to
  be what I choose. You are now my property, and I will do with you as I like.
  Just blink twice, dear, if you understand."  
I stared at her. This couldn't be real. It had to be a trick of my mind,
  or part of the experiment. How long did she think she could keep me here like
  this? Wouldn't the school notice that Miko and I were missing? What about our
  families? What did she mean by 'modify my mind and body'? The questions ran
  through my head so fast I could hardly concentrate.  
"Ah. I see, dear. Well, you will learn to answer me when I ask a question.
  I have taken possession of enough lovely young bitches like yourself to know
  that you are probably wondering if this is for real. I assure you, my little
  pet whore, it certainly is. Oh, and by the way, when I say that you are my
  property, I don't mean just for today, or this week, or this month. I mean
  I own you, now, and forever, until death parts us, or I choose to sell you.
  Although I can't imagine wanting to sell you...at least, not until I've played
  with my new pet a little bit," she purred as her latex hand stroked my thighs.  
"I'm sure there are many questions running through your head right now my
  little sex toy. Let me answer the most obvious ones first", she stated as her
  fingers danced up my flat belly to my thick dark red nipples. "It seems you
  and Miko were approved for a very exclusive exchange program overseas. At least
  that's what your families have been told. I have plenty of influence at this
  institution, so it wasn't difficult to get the proper paperwork filed with
  the University. The paper trail looks perfect, and your families will still
  get an occasional email or postcard saying how you think everything is wonderful
  and how much you miss them. My assistants have already gone to the dorm room
  you indicated in your paperwork and packed up all of your belongings. Of course
  they were sure to leave a note on the white board on your door informing them
  that Miko and you were accepted into a very exciting and difficult program."  
My new Mistress moved her hands to my face and softly touched my cheek. I
  felt her adjust some straps on my head, and after a few seconds, she lifted
  the terrible rubber ring gag out of my mouth. A single strand of my saliva
  still connected to the shiny black rubber that glistened from being in my orifice.  
"Mm, delicious," she said as she darted her moist pink tongue out of her
  mouth and licked the strand of saliva off of the gag.  
While I tried to move my jaw around to work out some of the soreness, I felt
  her fingertips brush against the soft folds of my vagina, and I strained to
  look down at my body. My legs were spread, still in the stirrups. I could see
  my black pubic hairs and feel the cool draft teasing my exposed pussy.  
"While you have been asleep, I got to know your little Asian slut friend
  very well&hellip;and I do mean very well. Apparently, she seems to have an
  attraction to you, but I guess you must have known that already. After all,
  look at how wet that little slut hole of yours became upon my mentioning her."  
With that she shoved one of her fingers into my vagina. I felt it moving
  around inside me. I knew she was right; just thinking about Miko was getting
  me wet. As much as I hated my situation, hated my helplessness, hated that
  I was so humiliated, controlled, deceived and taken advantage of, still there
  was something about it that made me so horny I couldn't help myself.  
"Would you like to see your friend, dear?" Mistress purred in my ear, her
  tongue gently lapping at the lobe. "Would you like to see what I did to her?"  
"Did to her?" I asked in an angry tone. "Tell me what the fuck you did to
  Miko!" I could feel my heart pounding as the anger welled up inside me. Suddenly
  I felt a shock pouring through my body, gripping my muscles.  
 "I see you did not remember our rules, my wet little bitch. If you do that
  again, I'm afraid I'll have to take away your powers of speech. Permanently.
  One of you just had to be the difficult one. My new little oriental toy was
  a delight to modify. Now then, if you would like to see your friend, just ask."  
I tried to suppress my anger and confusion. I wanted desperately to see Miko,
  to make sure that she was alright, to make sure that she could see that I was
  trapped here on this table with this crazed bitch in control of me.  
"May I&hellip;I mean&hellip;well Maliia means, may Maliia see her friend
  Miko?"  
"May Maliia see her friend Miko, Mistress? You must learn to ask for things
  correctly or you simply won't make an acceptable toy. Pity. Then I'd have to
  sell you to some sheik who will have far less patience than me. Just for that
  little slip up, you will also refer to yourself as my dripping little pet."  
I bit my lip and again summoned up the courage to play along with this twisted
  bitch's game, even if it did excite me a little bit. "May Maliia, your dripping
  little pet, see her friend Miko, Mistress?"  
"Of course you may," she mocked as she pushed a button on the table. I felt
  the end of the table raise my upper body further until I sitting upright, but
  with my legs still locked into the stirrups. I saw myself in a small mirror
  that had been mounted on the wall in front of me. There I was, completely naked
  and locked to this table. My vagina was exposed and open to anyone, and while
  I still looked like I did when I got on the table, my arms were now in a strange
  sort of single leather arm binder. I could see the straps over my shoulders,
  and I could make out the shape of the glove behind me.  
"Mm, time for you to see your little friend&hellip;I mean, my little oriental
  toy," Mistress said as her fingers lightly pinched my large dark red nipple.  
She snapped her fingers, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw a figure
  approach. It walked slowly, and I could hear the rattle of chains as it moved.
  When the figure came closer, I could see it was Miko.  
"What had they done to her?" I wondered in shock.  
 She walked up and stood right in front of me. She wore a single glove arm
  binder much like my own, that trapped her slender arms cruelly behind her,
  and tight shiny rubber stockings (I assumed with hobble chains connecting her
  delicate ankles, but I couldn't see down that far). Around her neck was a thick
  steel collar with leather padding and a large "O" ring that dangled in the
  front. The collar and its placement on my friend made her look like a captured
  animal. Her breasts were now huge. I couldn't believe it. They stood out from
  her tiny torso by at least a foot.  
If that wasn't shocking enough, she had a very thick gold ring that dangled
  from the base of each of her nipples, both of which appeared to be at least
  three inches long and protruded from her huge breasts like two small but erect
  pink cocks. I looked between her legs, and was shocked to find that her shiny
  black pubic hair was gone. Her lack of pussy hair made her look just like a
  little schoolgirl. I thought I saw something glisten between her legs, but
  I could not tell since her legs were closed. She looked up at me, and I saw
  another thick golden ring hanging from her septum, dangling to her upper lip.
  From this ring trailed a chain which hung freely. She moved around beside me,
  her face so close to mine. I could clearly see that her nose piercing was really
  a small metal plate on each side of her septum with a hole in it, and the ring
  simply was looped through the hole. The chain that hung from her nose ring
  gently tickled my ribcage as she leaned over me.  
"Wha&hellip;what did they do to you Miko? What happened?" I asked nervously.  
"Shh," she whispered to me, her ruby lips just inches from my own. "They
  have transformed Miko. Miko is now a lowly pet; an animal for Mistress' use.
  The old Miko is still inside this head, but trapped in psychological bondage.
  Miko can see everything that goes on, but has no control over her body, or
  her emotions."  
My eyes filled with tears as she spoke. I could feel the heat of her breath
  against my lips as the words flowed from her beautiful mouth.  
"Miko likes being this way now. This is her destiny, to be nothing more than
  a bitch whore animal on a leash. Do you like the Miko slut, Maliia?"  
I tried to shake my head no. No, this can't be happening. No, this isn't
  possible, but Miko pressed her lips to mine. I felt her tongue snake out of
  her mouth and pry open my mouth. I was so shocked; I didn't know what to do.
  I felt her tongue in my orifice. The soft wet flesh and her saliva dripping
  into my mouth. Her tongue exploring me; rubbing against my teeth, the roof
  of my mouth, my gums. I felt something metallic as her tongue searched my mouth,
  my own tongue dancing and flittering against hers as she carefully discovered
  my oral cavity with her moist organ. As she withdrew her tongue from my mouth,
  she kept it out for a brief second. I could see it was long, much longer than
  any normal tongue, and it had a thick ring right at the tip, and a set of two
  grommets on either side of her tongue about halfway down forming an open hole
  for each grommet, with a small metal plate on each side of her tongue. Tears
  continued to fill my eyes; I couldn't believe what they had done to Miko, to
  my best friend.  
"They will do this to you too, sweetie. Don't fight it; it's much better
  if you just give in, let yourself go," she whispered, raising one of her large
  breasts to my face. "See, they've even given Miko these beautiful breasts with
  these wonderful nipples. Aren't Miko's tits pretty?"  
I noticed something white dribbling from the ends of her nipples and looked
  at her quizzically.  
"That's right slave sister, they brought Miko to milking, just like the lowly
  animal that Miko is. Taste Miko. Taste Miko's love."  
She pushed her breast into my mouth. I opened my mouth a little wider to
  accommodate her massive nipple and felt it glide over my tongue to the back
  of my throat. The metal of her nipple ring pushed against my lips and touched
  my teeth. I could feel her milk slowly dripping in my mouth and I could taste
  it on the very back of my tongue. It was delicious and sweet. I began to suckle
  at her breast like an infant. Slurping the succulent milk into me like it was
  a drug and trying not to swallow her nipple completely. The more I sucked,
  the more I wanted; I could think of nothing else. The delicious taste filled
  my mouth and Miko's sweet scent filled my nostrils.  
"Looks like my little fuck toy is enjoying herself, judging by her reaction," I
  heard Mistress say as she moved a latex-covered finger around on my soaking
  vagina. "You are living up to your name for today, slut. You are literally
  dripping from your cunt. Oh, by the way, Miko's milk is not just ordinary breast
  milk, it has been enhanced to act much like a psycho addictive drug, which
  means that as long as you are under the influence of her milk your mind will
  be much more pliable, and if you go for more than a day or so without her milk
  you will go into extreme withdrawal, and possibly die. So you see, I have bound
  you two together for eternity through necessity. Isn't that just lovely? But
  then I suppose its what you really want, now isn't it, my little sex pet, to
  be with Miko for the rest of your life. I guess you just didn't think that
  it would be at the end of my leash."  
As I heard the sound of her voice, her words filling my head, it didn't seem
  to matter. I knew that I should stop suckling at Miko's tit like a little girl,
  but I couldn't. Just as Mistress had said, it was addictive. My lips had taken
  over and were working Miko's nipple, trying desperately to extract her sweet
  delicious milk.  
"Now that your will has started to weaken, I suppose I could let you know
  what will happen to you," Mistress said as her fingers continued to stroke
  and tug on the soft folds of my moist vagina. "As you may have guessed, I will
  modify you so that you will be very similar in appearance to my toy on a leash
  Miko. Other than the fact that she's an oriental fuck slut, and you are a Hawaiian
  one, you both have so much in common that it would be crime not to allow you
  to live out your lives twin slave whores."  
I gazed up at Miko's face as my lips continued to suckle at her huge tit,
  and I noticed an incredible look of ecstasy on her face, as though she were
  about to orgasm. She was biting her pouty lower lip, yet not a sound escaped
  her delicious mouth.  
"Enough, Miko, come kneel at my feet like the submissive little cunt that
  you are," Mistress snapped.  
I tried to hold Miko's delicious nipple in my mouth, but as she pulled away
  I felt the steel ring at the base slide away from my teeth and her large nipple
  glide from the back of my throat, over my tongue and past my lips. A shiny
  strand of my saliva connected to it briefly and glistening in the light as
  Miko slowly walked to Mistress with her eyes cast at the floor, the subtle
  rattling of her hobble chains filled the room. She carefully knelt down, trying
  to keep her balance without the use of her arms, and pressed her head to the
  floor next to Mistress' shiny leather boot.  
Mistress gently stroked Miko's long black hair with her latex gloved hand
  and said, "You're a good little fuck pet, aren't you, my Asian bitch in heat?"  
"Yes Mistress, Miko is your little Asian bitch in heat," Miko answered almost
  robotically.  
"Mm, you are such a delicious little toy," Mistress softly whispered into
  Miko's ear as she grasped Miko's nose chain and wrapped it around her hand. "Would
  you like for your owner to turn Maliia into a pet too? Hmm?"  
"Yes Mistress", Miko responded as she closed her exquisite almond-shaped
  eyes from the dull aching pain of the chain tugging on her nose ring. "Your
  Asian bitch in heat Miko would like very much to see her friend Maliia become
  a whore on your leash."  
 "Mm, very well then," Mistress purred as she snapped her fingers again. "We
  will turn her into a little plaything."  
Within seconds I saw the little Japanese assistant enter the room. I almost
  didn't recognize her since she looked so different from before. She was dressed
  almost exactly like Miko, except her arms were free. She wore the same kind
  of collar around her slender neck, and had a similar thick gold ring protruding
  from the septum of her nose. Her nipples, however, were even longer than Miko's,
  at least four inches long with a huge gold ring at the end of each one, and
  several smaller rings about an inch apart all the way up to her aureole. A
  small padlock looped through both of the gold rings at the ends of her nipples,
  so that her tender pink flesh was effectively locked together. A chain that
  was locked to the padlock connecting her nipples extended to another huge gold
  ring that dangled between her legs. I could see the chain lightly dancing against
  the soft skin of her ribcage as it snaked to her pussy. Just like Miko, the
  assistant had no pubic hair, and wore tight black rubber stockings and opera
  length gloves. Upon entering the room, the assistant fell to her knees and
  leaned forward until her forehead was touching the floor at Mistress' feet.  
"Mistress, how may Akira serve you?"  
"Mm, they are so delightful, aren't they, bitch Maliia?" Mistress directed
  at me as her latex hand gently squeezed Akira's huge left breast, and tugged
  at the captive long nipple that dangled from the end of it. "Do you like my
  work? I just love when I make their breasts like this. It's so humiliating
  for these girls with such tiny little bodies to have such large breasts. Naturally
  I have Akira in milking too, but don't worry dear; it's not her milk that you
  crave but she will be helping me to train you and your twin slave animal Miko.
  I do seem to be acquiring quite a collection of these oriental bitches. I suppose
  that it's just as well then that I got a hot little Hawaiian like yourself
  to make things more&hellip;diverse."  
End of Part I. Part II hopefully to come soon with pee training,
      forced enemas, chastity belts and more modification and humiliation. For
      more stories by or about Maliia and real photos of her in bondage, visit
      her website at www.maliia.com.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Maliia Kanaulahu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





