BDSM Library - Origins




Origins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Emma meets Knox for the first time, a real encounter. While this should more than likely serve as the conclusion to the story,
  I fear that it will not be read if written as such. And being the sort of story
  that it is, I suppose the greatest hope is that it will not be finished, unless
  out of curiosity and with a sense of carnal completion, so to speak.  
 This is a love story. It's neither chaste nor gentle, is messy and often
  brutal, and its completion is uncertain. My experiences are not contrived;
  what you will read is my life, as best I can articulate it. There are no beautiful
  sunsets, no family-style restaurants. This is the truth, with all of its failings
  and untidiness. But do not doubt that what you read is a love story, and one
  of the greatest sort.  
 As horrid and trite as it sounds, Knox and I met online in the early summer
  of 2002 in a bondage forum. We began email correspondence shortly thereafter
  and within two weeks had exchanged photographs. I was pleased with His appearance,
  brown hair, slightly gray around the temples, strong build, a rugged look about
  Him&mdash;everything I had envisioned my Dominant to be. We were soon talking
  by phone most days, and I looked forward to our meeting with excitement and
  a fair bit of apprehension. He spoke to me as none had before, and while the
  conversations often had an intense sexual tension, we never had "phone sex." Rather,
  we spoke of our thoughts regarding Dominance and Submission, our mutual attraction
  for the psychological control and our mutual disdain for purely physical scening
  and temporary play. He did ask, after a while, that I address Him as Sir, which
  was oddly strange and very difficult for me. As submissive as I knew I was,
  it was a very unsettling thing to say.  
 After this sort of exchange for about three months, we decided a visit was
  in order, and as I have a roommate, determined that it was best and more practical
  for me to come to Him. So on a Friday in August, I drove the hour and a half
  to his town, where I waited for him outside a local bookstore. I sat outside
  the store, wearing simply jeans and a brown sweater, chained smoked, and talked
  on my cell phone to a friend for about ten minutes, worried that He had changed
  His mind. A call from Him interrupted and He told me that He had been there
  for over thirty minutes, sitting in His car, just watching. He only commented
  on the number of cigarettes I had smoked. As I tried to nonchalantly look for
  His car, feeling rather foolish, I saw Him walking toward me from the parking
  lot. He was wearing gray slacks and a white buttoned-down dress shirt and had
  a slight smile on His face. I stood to meet Him, unsure what to do&mdash;do
  we shake hands? Hug? Rather, He said, "Hello Emma," and walked past me to open
  the door into the store, where I followed Him, somewhat taken aback, to the
  coffee counter. He proceeded to order lattes, decaf for me, and then led me
  back outside to a table.  
 I sat hesitantly across from Him, looking into my coffee.  
 "Was the ride up ok?" He asked.  
 "Yes, it was fine. I actually didn't get lost," I replied, smiling at Him.  
 He looked at me pointedly and frowned. "Excuse me?"  
 "The ride was fine," I repeated.  
 "I understood your answer the first time," He said, "but you are to use
  'Sir' when addressing me. I will not repeat myself. Is this understood?"  
 I nodded my assent, again studying my coffee, and mumbled, "yes, Sir."  
 Knox leaned forward and proceeded to elucidate His instructions for the
  rest of the weekend. He explained that I was not to speak unless spoken to,
  that I was to keep my eyes lowered (which was a most welcome instruction as
  it seemed natural and the easiest thing to do) in His presence, and that I
  was not allowed to sit on any furniture, unless given other instruction.  
 As He talked, the realization of my situation became clearer to me, and
  while I was unsettled, to say the least, I felt somewhat strangely comforted.
  The rules were clear, as were His expectations. At this point I had drank about
  half of my latte and felt the effects. He stood, ready to leave, and I asked
  if I could be excused for a moment.  
 "Why?" Knox asked.  
 "To go to the restroom, Sir," I said softly.  
 He leaned in close. "Does the little cunt have to pee?" He said.  
 I swallowed hard, my eyes closing slowly then opening. "Yes, Sir."  
 He nodded and put his hand on the back of my neck. "Not now. You may when
  we get home." With that, He led me to His car, an older BMW. Opening the door,
  He instructed me to sit with my hands together against my lower back. As He
  slid into the driver's seat, He leaned over disapprovingly. Putting His hand
  between my knees, he opened my legs slightly.  
 "You are never to completely close your legs." Moving His hand to my face, "or
  your mouth. To remind you that you're available to me whenever I wish." I parted
  my lips slightly, to which He simply replied, "lovely."  
 I don't remember much of the ride. It was short, and Knox had Iztak Pearlman
  on the CD player. I know for certain that my stomach was rather in knots, but
  it comforted me when He occasionally touched my hair or leg. As apprehensive
  as I was, I was never truly afraid.  
 We reached the house, a lovely but unobtrusive two-story brick, and He led
  me through the front door into the foyer. Without pretense He told me where
  the bedroom was, and directed me to completely undress for His inspection.
  I did so shakily, folding my jeans and sweater, and stood nervously, my hands
  clasped together in front of me, watching the door. He entered and without
  looking at me pointed to the bathroom. I sighed with relief and went in, closing
  the door.  
 "I didn't say that you were allowed to close that." He said loudly from
  the next room.  
 I opened the bathroom door and went to the toilet, my face hot from the
  thought of Him hearing me. He didn't comment further, so I went, as quietly
  as I thought possible, washed my hands and returned to the bedroom, where He
  was removing His watch at the dresser.  
 "Go to the bed and lie down on your back, arms at your sides." He said,
  still not looking at me.  
 I did so, trembling as He walked over, still fully dressed. He sat down
  beside me, and I closed my eyes as He smoothed my hair away from my face. Running
  his hands down in-between my breasts, He laughed softly, "Well, you certainly
  didn't misrepresent yourself, did you? They are quite&hellip;small."  
 I flinched inwardly at His comments as Knox moved His hand softly and slowly
  around my breasts. Without warning He took my left nipple tightly between His
  forefinger and thumb, "But these are rather large, aren't they?"  
 Opening my eyes at the rough touch and question, I looked up at Him.  
 "Aren't they?"  
 "Yes, Sir." I responded, as He pinched harder.  
 He continued, squeezing my nipple tighter until I moaned softly. He then
  released it, but quickly moved onto the other breast, kneading it roughly,
  twisting my nipple as I clenched my hands next to me.  
 "I will very much enjoy hurting these," He said as He continued the unimpeded
  abuse, "That is what they are intended for. You do understand that, I know.
  Your tits, these nipples, your cunt and asshole, all designed for my pleasure."  
 I nodded slightly, and realized that I had been making small whimpering
  noises, partly out of fear, partly out of the pain He was inflicting. And yet&mdash;I
  made no move to leave, showed no sign of resistance to His actions.  
 "Spread your legs. Wider. Now bend your knees slightly." He said, standing
  and moving to the armoire. I did so, embarrassed, my nipples aching from His
  touch, my legs shaking from uncertainty. He came back to the bed and without
  a word attached nipple clamps to my already throbbing breasts, adjusting their
  tightness to an almost unbearable point. He took the chain between them to
  my lips and instructed to hold it there in my mouth. I took it between my teeth
  gingerly as holding it caused my nipples to stretch painfully.  
 He moved away from me again, toward my still spread legs. "Do not let that
  fall out of your mouth."  
 "Now, I'm going to examine your pussy," He explained as His hands touched
  the inside of my thighs, "Spread your legs wider."  
 I tried to do so, my legs aching, but wanting to please Him.  
 "Good girl. Just a bit wider."  
 I moaned through my teeth and did so, feeling as if I were going to split,
  the cool air of the room making me shiver slightly. His hands went to my cunt,
  spreading it open obscenely, and I involuntarily closed my legs a bit. Knox
  immediately slapped my leg, hard, causing me to pull on the chain attached
  to my nipples. Tears filled my eyes as I struggled to open my legs wide enough
  again.  
 As He opened me again, I froze, trying to overcome the intense feelings
  of shame and embarrassment. "This," He said, running His finger up and down
  my cunt, "is no longer yours to concern yourself with. It belongs to me, and
  is mine to use as I see fit. There is nothing to discuss, nothing to struggle
  with. If you accept that, and realize that there simply is no choice for you
  to make, it will go much easier for you."  
 Knox continued to rub my increasingly wet pussy, stopping occasionally to
  tug on or tap my clit. He inserted a finger slowly into me, moving it around.
  He added another, and I groaned at the pressure. With two fingers in my cunt,
  His other hand roughly manipulated my clit, and I felt, astonishingly, an orgasm
  building. He, however, abruptly stopped, removing His fingers and leaving me
  with an intense frustration.  
 Moving back up the bed, He took the chain from my mouth and removed both
  clamps. As the blood rushed back into my nipples I closed my eyes tightly.
  He rubbed my face with His thumb, knowing my discomfort.  
 "Get on your hands and knees, face on the bed."  
 I looked at Him questioningly, and He slapped my face. Hard. "Do it now."  
 With my cheek stinging, and close to tears, I quickly moved onto my knees,
  ass in the air, and waited for what He would do. He sat on the edge of the
  bed, and ran His hands over my upturned ass, moving His fingers up and down
  the crack. I didn't know what to do; I was afraid, to move, to object, to obey.
  And yet, I remained still, allowing Him access, as I began to understand that
  He was right. I belonged to Him and He would do as He desired, regardless of
  my will.  
 I felt a cold glob of something, and knew His intentions as He began to
  push His finger into my asshole.  
 "Shhh&hellip;be a good girl. Relax and push back against my finger. That's
  it."  
 He continued to push, and I began to cry and tried to do as He had said.
  It felt, it felt, like immense pressure. I was more humiliated, both by His
  words and actions, than hurt. When He removed His finger, I felt relieved,
  yet oddly empty, although He was to remedy that.  
 Again I felt the pressure, but this time from something larger. "This, Emma,
  is your plug. I'm going to put it in your ass, and you will wear it often,
  and it will remind you of your position and your ownership."  
 He pushed the plug into me insistently as I tried to accommodate it, still
  crying. He moved it in a bit, pulled it back, and then pushed it a bit farther
  until it was entirely inside me.  
 "Stand up."  
 I stood, feeling as if I had to keep my legs open a bit because of the invading
  plug. He led me into the living room, where I stood unsurely as He turned on
  the television and sat on the couch.  
 "Go to the corner and stand with your feet a foot away from the wall."  
 I did so, shaking, my tears drying on my face.  
 "Now lean forward slightly. That's right. Nose into the corner. You look
  like such a little slut, your buttplug showing between those legs."  
 And that is how I stood, uncomfortably, for His pleasure. Naked, humiliated
  at the position and openness, my nose against the wall, the plug displayed
  to Him.  
This is the end of the first chapter. It does continue rather nicely, and
  I'd be happy to share if so desired.  
 I can't say exactly how long I stood there; what felt like hours was surely
  no more than one, probably less. Funny how my mind did not wander at all. Every
  thought, each notion focused solely on Him. What was He thinking, how long
  would He leave me, was He watching me?  
 Bringing me suddenly and with great relief back to reality, I felt His hand
  on my head, slowly and methodically working through my tangled hair. I at once
  relaxed and leaned into the gentle touch, unbelievably thankful for His attention.
  His hand, close to my scalp, tightened and I opened my mouth in mild pain as
  He forced my head back. Still standing behind me and gripping, He kissed around
  my damp eyes before pulling me back away from the corner. I stumbled clumsily
  and my hands automatically went up to cross my chest protectively, self-consciously. "Hands
  at your sides," He said lowly, and I obeyed shakily.  
 He pushed me in front of Him and guided me back into the bedroom. Standing
  by the side of the bed He told me to spread my legs, which I did. "Farther," He
  said. "Farther." They were open now a bit more than shoulder-width apart, and
  He moved His hand from my hair to my left hip, which He gripped tightly as
  His other hand went in between my legs. He roughly kneaded the inside of my
  right leg and I had to remind myself to breath. He laughed, still rubbing,
  and I knew He felt it to be wet. I was shamed and somewhat awed at the obviousness
  of my own excitement. I didn't understand then, nor do I really comprehend
  now how physical discomfort, how my feelings of submission, can so lead to
  real desire. "You are such a little slut," He said, mouth close to my ear,
  and my head lowered more, wanting my hair to shield my face.  
 Abruptly removing His hand from my leg, Knox turned me around to face Him.
  He turned my head up towards His, hands on either side of my face. I hesitantly
  lifted my eyes to His. "I'm going to beat you know," He said softly. I lowered
  my head again, nodding slightly, tears filling my eyes. He raised my face again
  and I struggled to look at Him. "You are not being punished, you've done nothing
  to offend me&hellip;terribly. I am going to beat you because I want to do so,
  and you will be obedient because I want you to be." I closed my eyes and nodded
  again, slowly.  
 I could feel my heart beating, could almost hear the rush of blood in my
  ears as He walked away and to the armoire. I had to remind myself again to
  keep my hands by my sides, and I watched Him carefully as He opened the drawer
  and rifled through it. Standing with His back to me, Knox said, "Lie on the
  bed, facedown, arms and legs apart."  
 I climbed onto the bed and did as instructed, turning my head away from
  Him and toward the wall. My arms, straight out, barely touched the edges of
  the bed, and I opened my legs as wide as I could, not wanting Knox to reprimand
  me yet again. As I heard Him approach, I couldn't help but turn my head to
  the other side, not knowing what He would use; I don't know what I had expected,
  but it certainly wasn't the plain black belt He held doubled over. I closed
  my eyes and pressed my cheek into the bed, afraid. Terribly afraid, shaking,
  lips trembling, yet&mdash;the desire to please Him immense.  
 Although I saw His hand raise, I was nonetheless taken aback at the first
  blow hitting my upper thigh, the tremendous sting and radiating pain that immediately
  followed. A sob escaped my mouth and I instinctively pulled myself into a ball,
  legs underneath me, arms in tight. Knox didn't say a word, just looked at me
  harshly and I resumed my position, the anxiety worse now that I actually knew
  what to expect. He hit four more times in close succession, on my ass, and
  I struggled to keep my legs apart. I knew that I was moving too much, fidgeting
  and I tried to still myself. The last hit the plug I still wore, that I had
  almost grown accustomed to, and while it didn't force it deeper, the shift
  made me ever aware of its presence, and how it must appear to Him. After the
  four, Knox reached down and touched where He had hit, His hand tracing, then
  massaging the already forming welts. As He touched I became aware of myself,
  the soft, pleading, almost animal-like noises I was making, the way my hands
  clenched and reclenched the duvet cover. Knox stood straight again, and I shut
  my eyes tightly, muscles tense, bracing myself for the next assault.  
 I felt the stinging slap again, and again, and again. My eyes, blurry with
  tears, opened and I found myself watching Him as He brought the belt down onto
  my back, legs, and ass. Knox wore a concentrating look, as if measuring deliberately
  the placement and pause between each blow. Quite suddenly He looked directly
  at me, and although I knew the eye contact was not allowed or perhaps welcome,
  I did not look away. He held this contact through the next several hits; with
  each one my eyes jerked closed, only to open and see Him still watching my
  face as the belt raised again.  
 When He was finished, Knox let the belt fall to the floor and I curled up
  on my side, breathing raggedly, my mind hazy and unfocused from the intensity
  of the pain. He sat softly on the bed, hands pushing the strings of wet hair,
  soaked from both tears and sweat, off my forehead. I reached for His hands,
  not thinking, needing to touch Him, to know something, to feel the closeness.
  His fingers brushed my lips and I pressed them close, kissing over and over
  again the hands that were responsible for such agony. He allowed me this, as
  one of His hands wandered around to my back and lower, again feeling the results
  of His actions. I shivered, trying to continue the moments of kindness as He
  lazily traced the marks.  
 Finding areas of unmarked skin, Knox began to pinch me, hard. My eyes widened
  with each pinch, though I learned quickly to remain still. If I moved, squirmed
  to get away from the fingers, He only held the skin longer, twisting cruelly
  until I stilled.  
 He stood suddenly and walked to the closet. I was entirely unprepared for
  what He was to bring, or rather drag out. As the object came into view, I realized
  it was a cage, probably one intended for crating a large dog. Inside appeared
  to be several blankets and a pillow. Knox moved the cage to the end of the
  bed and opened it, looking to me. I only stared back, mouth opening and closing
  in disbelief. He cleared His throat and I glanced up questioningly, pleading
  silently. "Do I really need to spell out such simple instructions for you?" He
  asked.  
 I shook my head no, and scooted to the edge of the bed. As I stood sorely,
  He said, "crawl." I lowered myself to the floor, faced flushed with embarrassment
  and crawled the short distance to the cage, stopping at its door. I looked
  up, eyes stopping at the buttons on His shirt, and looked back down.  
 "Would you like me to take this out for the night?" He asked, tapping the
  plug. I nodded and softly replied, "Please, Sir."  
 "That's most unfortunate," as He pushed hard against the plug and twisting
  is harshly, "perhaps next time you're to do something, you will remember not
  to hesitate." His foot then on my ass, pushing me into the crate, and I crawled
  in quickly, without complaint or pause. After I was completely in, having to
  curl up slightly to fit, He locked the door and came around to the side, where
  I was resting my face on my arms. His fingers reached through the thin metal
  bars and I immediately leaned close to them, kissing. "Be a good girl," He
  said, "We will continue in the morning." With that He stood, turning off the
  light and closing the door to the bedroom.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  cadeS


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





