BDSM Library - Sylvie




Sylvie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman, suspected to be a terrorist, is brought in for questioning.  She's forced to watch as another woman undergoes the tortures she will endure if she refuses to cooperate.  Will she surrender her secrets?The door to the interrogation room snapped open and a woman, a dark sack over
  her head and her hands manacled behind her back, was thrust inside. The two
  guards, each holding one of her arms, led her over to a metal chair and forced
  her to sit. 
&quot;Remove the blinder,&quot; a man growled. A guard whipped the sack off
  the prisoner's head, revealing an attractive young woman with straight black
  hair, tanned skin, and dark eyes. 
The woman blinked, trying to get her eyes to adjust to the stark white light
  shining in her face. A lamp sat on a desk in front of her. She could just barely
  make out the profile of the man that sat behind that desk. 
&quot;Welcome to Interrogation Room Number Four. I am Colonel Marcos and
  you are Maria Alonzo, 23 years old, single, a waitress, and in a lot of trouble.
  I know that you are a member of the People's Liberation Front and are involved
  in crimes against the government. You are here to explain to me exactly what
  activities your organization is planning and who else is involved. I want names
  and I want places and I want times!&quot; 
The woman looked at him and snorted. &quot;You can't hold me! I want to speak
  to my lawyer!&quot; 
The Colonel smiled. &quot;Unfortunately for you, you are on a military base.
  Under the current military regulations I can deny you access to a lawyer and
  I can detain you for as long as I wish. You have been deemed to be a military
  combatant in a war against terrorism, and as such I can hold you for as long
  as it takes for me to get the answers I need. Do you understand?&quot; 
The woman drew in her breath, frustrated and angry at the position she suddenly
  found herself in. She had been picked up and arrested only moments before and
  she still wore her street clothes; blue jeans, tennis shoes, and cropped t-shirt
  with capped sleeves. And handcuffs that kept her wrists tightly restrained
  behind her, chaffing and irritating her skin. &quot;I'm innocent! I don't know
  what you're talking about! I know nothing about this terrorist group.&quot; 
&quot;Oh, I think you do. And I think you are going to tell us everything
  you know about it.&quot; 
The man rose from his chair and lifted a small remote control device from
  the desk. He strode over to the helpless girl and slapped her face. She recoiled
  from the blow and it took both guards to keep her from falling off the chair.
  She struggled to get to her feet but the guards were too strong and pinned
  her to the chair. Hurt, the woman angrily turned to face the man, her skin
  stinging from the blow. 
&quot;You are going to tell us everything.&quot; 
The woman drew in her breath again and spat in the man's face. 
&quot;That was not a very smart thing to do. Let me show you what we do to
  bad little girls who try to keep secrets.&quot; 
The man turned to the wall behind his desk. A curtain ran the full width
  of the wall, concealing a plate glass window that covered almost the entire
  back wall. Maria had assumed that it covered an outside window, but as the
  curtain parted and slid to the sides, she could see that there was a dimly
  lit room behind the glass. 
The Colonel pressed another button and a lone spotlight shone down onto a
  large metal-topped table. A woman dressed in an orange prison smock lay on
  the table, her eyes closed, her breathing slow, her body relaxed. The smock
  was similar to a hospital gown but was open at the sides with ties at the shoulders
  and hips. The hem was cut high, just enough to cover the woman's sex. It was
  not designed for modesty. Then Maria noticed the cuffs holding the woman's
  wrists and ankles to the corners of the table, her arms and legs spread wide
  apart. 
The woman's long, curly brown hair was splayed on the table in a semi-circle
  around her head. She was slender, with a fine nose and defiant chin. Her olive
  complexion seemed even more so under the harsh white fluorescent light. A line
  of sinewy muscle descended down her thigh, accentuating the tone of her calves,
  and her ankles that were bound to the table. Her breasts, though flattened
  by gravity and the pull of the cuffs on her body, were proportional to her
  frame and slowly rose up with each gentle breath, the stiffened nubs of her
  nipples outlined against the fabric of the orange smock. 
Movement in one corner of the room on the other side of the glass caught
  Maria's attention. A man wearing a white lab coat stood near a countertop and
  cabinets near the foot of the table. A file folder lay open on the counter
  and the man was making notations in it. 
Colonel Marcos turned to Maria and spoke in a low, dark tone, &quot;This
  woman is a suspected terrorist that was sent to us by the Spanish government
  prior to their most recent election. The new government revoked her passport
  and has released her to our custody. We have decided to make an example of
  her. She is going to suffer for your benefit. You would do well to pay close
  attention, for it will be you on that table next if you don't cooperate.&quot; 
Maria looked at the Colonel, then at the woman, then back at the Colonel. &quot;No,
  I'm innocent. I haven't done anything wrong. You have no reason to hold me
  like this. Release me!&quot; 
The Colonel grinned wryly and raised the remote control to his mouth. &quot;Doctor,
  you may begin.&quot; 
Working his fingers into a pair of rubber surgical gloves, the doctor glanced
  at his subject resting peacefully on the table. The doctor lifted the lid to
  a jar on the counter and removed a small capsule. Taking the capsule between
  his fingers, he bent it slightly, then moved towards the woman and waved it
  under her nose. The woman's nose twitched and she shook her head to one side.
  Her legs kicked slightly as she tried to move away from the intrusive smell.
  Her eyes blinked open and she squinted at the bright light shining down onto
  her prone body. Groggily, she turned her head towards the doctor and opened
  her mouth, as if to say something. Her lips moved but no words came out, at
  least none that Maria could hear. 
The Colonel explained, &quot;that window is sound-proof and mirrored. You
  can't hear what she's saying and she can't see you. That's to discourage collusion
  amongst the prisoners. But don't worry. That room is equipped with a microphone
  that I control from here, so that, when the time comes, we can hear her screams
  and cries for mercy. I think you will find it very&hellip; enlightening. You
  would be surprised at how much abuse the human body can take.&quot; One of
  the guards holding Maria's shoulders chuckled softly, anticipating the events
  to come, remembering events that had unfolded before. 
The doctor removed the capsule and tossed it into a cylindrical metal waste
  container, then turned towards the counter and opened the cabinet doors. Maria
  could see instruments of torture hanging from inside the cabinet and laying
  loosely on the shelves. She wondered which ones the doctor would use first.
  She wouldn't have to wait long. 
The doctor lifted a pair of small metal scissors. Maria realized that they
  were hemostats, about 8 inches long, with serrated edges. The woman seemed
  to recognize the devices and their evil purpose and began to pull at her bonds,
  testing their hold on her body. Grasping the hemostats in one hand, the doctor
  reached out with the other and unfastened the strings holding the smock together
  at the shoulders. The woman began to breathe deeper, tensing up, waiting as
  the doctor reached for the top of her gown and slowly rolled the fabric back
  with meticulous precision. The woman watched as the garment was rolled down
  her chest, revealing the soft mounds of her firm breasts, then farther to the
  dark circular edges of her areolas, the nubs of her nipples still covered,
  barely, by the flimsy cloth. The doctor paused there and looked at his captive
  subject, letting her apprehension build. She looked back at him, her dark eyes
  defiant and strong. He then continued to roll the garment down, revealing the
  dark orbs of her nipples, the perked nubs standing erect and proud in the harsh
  white light. He stopped when the rolled fabric reached the waist of the garment,
  held together by the knotted strings at the sides of the smock. 
She squirmed as he lifted one of the hemostats to her chest, letting the
  cold steel caress the dark circle that capped her left breast, teasing the
  hardened nipple, watching her squirm at the sensation of his touch. The woman
  could only watch as the doctor opened the handles of the hemostat, parting
  the jaws of the device to reveal the serrated edge that would afford a strong
  grip on her flesh. She knew what was coming next, and she began to pull hard
  at the bonds around her wrists as the doctor lowered the chromed pincers to
  her body, placing the hemostat's claws on either side of her turgid nub. She
  could only watch as the prongs closed slowly around her nipple, a slight whimper
  escaping from her throat as the cruel jaws pressed against her skin, squeezing
  the sensitive flesh in a tight grip. 
The doctor let the handle of the hemostat rest on her chest, the silvery
  device shining brightly against her tanned skin, reflecting the stark white
  light overhead as the woman struggled against the cruel hold on her body, her
  chest rising and falling with painful gasps. The doctor lifted the second hemostat
  and held it to his victim's chin, tapping it lightly against her chin like
  a father scolding a child. Maria watched the scene with rapt attention, imagining
  that she was the one on the table and that the doctor was making &quot;shushing&quot; noises,
  preparing her for the pain he would deliver with the second device. The Colonel
  studied Maria and could see that she was paying very close attention to the
  doctor's ministrations. Very close attention indeed. 
The woman, helplessly bound to the table, spread-eagled, her breasts exposed
  to the doctor for mistreatment, glanced at the silver hemostat that adorned
  her left nipple, then looked back at the doctor as he began to lower the other
  chromed instrument to her chest. As he had done before, he traced the tip of
  the scissors against the dark, sensitive skin and drew circles around the already-taut
  nub, teasing it into full contraction, letting the woman's fear and apprehension
  build. The woman closed her eyes, waiting for the pain to come, as the doctor
  parted the handles of the hemostat and placed the opened claws around her nipple.
  She grimaced in anticipation as the second hemostat's handles were joined,
  closing the claws around her skin, crushing the erect nipple between the serrated
  teeth. She winced slightly, absorbing the pain, the two hemostats resting against
  her torso as her chest rose and fell with her ragged breathing. 
The doctor watched his victim writhe on the table, the pain working against
  her resolve, waiting to see if she would break. He spoke to his victim nonchalantly.
  The woman opened her eyes, looked at her tormentor, and shook her head, &quot;No&quot;.
  Responding to her answer, the doctor tugged at the strings securing the garment
  around her waist. It was time to turn his attention to a more sensitive region
  of her body. With his hand grasping the top of the gown in a tight fist he
  whipped the material from her body, then quickly pulled the rest of the gown
  from underneath her, leaving the woman twisting in her bonds on the cold metal
  table, naked and spread-eagled under the glare of the spotlight, helpless and
  vulnerable to his sadistic impulses. 
The doctor gathered the two halves of the prison smock and placed them in
  a plastic bin marked with a serial number, then turned his attention back towards
  his subject. 
The woman watched him nervously as he moved towards the cabinet and its collection
  of the tools of torture. He selected two more hemostats, slightly longer than
  the first ones, with angled claws and a narrower gap between the handles, and
  turned back towards her. She shivered slightly as he approached her naked,
  bound body, her legs spread wide, open and inviting. It was little mystery
  where he would operate next. She lay there watching his approach, the lines
  of muscle of her thighs and torso twitching under her olive-tan skin, the two
  silver hemostats cruelly adorning the curved mounds of her breasts, unable
  to avoid the pain that he was inflicting on her. 
He stood next to her squirming body; the first traces of sweat glistening
  like tiny diamonds on her skin, illuminated by the bright light over the table
  as he positioned himself next to her waistline. Holding one of the chromed
  instruments in his hand, he slowly, methodically, ran the pointed end of the
  hemostat over the opening to her sex, letting the metallic tip bounce over
  her sensitive flesh. She jumped slightly each time the cruel instrument brushed
  against the crease of her snatch and her breathing was becoming shorter and
  more ragged. Her body was responding, involuntarily, to the sensations of the
  cold metal against the warm lips of her labia, and she was becoming aroused
  by his machinations. 
She tensed up as he slid a gloved finger into her snatch, the juices coating
  the rubber as he ran it around her opening, brushing the nub of her clitoris,
  giving her a bit of pleasure, teasing her, letting her passion build a bit
  before proceeding to the infliction of pain. Pain was why he was there. He
  watched with a studious eye as her tissue began to swell with sexual excitement.
  He wanted maximum arousal from her; he wanted her lips to be fully engorged
  when it was time to make her scream. 
He laid the hemostats on the table in the gap between her wide-forked thighs,
  still caressing her opening with one hand as his other hand began to gently
  trace a line across the rim of her belly, a slow, soft arc along her pelvis.
  Her hips twitched and bucked at the tickling sensation and he noticed that
  her breathing had quickened into ragged gasps of pleasure, the chromed metal
  hemostats clamped on her breasts rising each time she inhaled. She closed her
  eyes, losing herself to the doctor's gentle touch, responding to his erotic
  caresses. The taut muscles of her belly spasmed as she worked herself towards
  her climax. Then, she felt something cold against her thigh, something foreign,
  the narrow end of a longer hemostat tracing its way along her leg. She could
  only look down helplessly as the doctor positioned the metal instrument against
  the swollen lips of her sex, the angled beak closing on her sensitive tissue. 
She gritted her teeth, stifling a scream as the metal clamped down mercilessly
  on her labia, crushing the blood-filled tissue between the serrated edges of
  the device. She released a series of quick, rapid exhalations as she fought
  to absorb the pain. Then, she felt the other angled hemostat crawling up her
  leg towards her sex, making its way towards her opening, and again the pain
  emanated from below as the doctor pinched her skin between the angled claws
  and locked the handles of the device. Another stifled scream escaped from her
  throat as she fought to control herself, trying to resist the urge to cry out
  against her tormentor. Tears welled up in her eyes as sweat began to mat her
  forehead. Her body was glistening under the hot light of the torture room,
  tiny sparkles of energy against the backdrop of her olive-tan skin. She pulled
  at the bonds holding her to the table, the muscles in her arms and legs standing
  out against the shine of her flesh as she began to weep from the torment. 
Maria could only watch as the woman turned her face towards the mirrored
  glass, the agony etched in the lines of her face as tears streamed from her
  eyes to mix with the sweat of her body. Maria began to cry, too, feeling the
  woman's distress, knowing that she would be next on that horrible table. 
"Do you see how much she's suffering? She is completely helpless. We can
  do anything to her that we want and she cannot stop us from doing it. And,
  trust me, we intend to do many things to her," the Colonel stated flatly, "her
  ordeal is just beginning. Soon it will be you on that table if you do not cooperate
  with us." 
Maria stared at the struggling woman on the table as Colonel Marcos lifted
  the remote control and said "Doctor, you may choose another method for extracting
  information now." 
The woman on the table turned her head to follow the doctor as he moved towards
  the cabinet of instruments. He selected a chrome-handled tool with a spur at
  the head. A series of small needles protruded from the wheeled spur like spokes
  of a bicycle without an outer rim. The doctor turned and approached his victim,
  holding the instrument out in front of him so that she could see it clearly.
  He held it before the woman's face so that she could study the tiny needles,
  spinning the wheel slightly with his finger so that she could see how it rotated
  on the handle. The woman swallowed and clenched her fists, imagining the tiny
  barbs pricking her skin as it rolled over her glistening flesh. 
The doctor balanced the chrome handle between his thumb and forefinger and
  let it rest lightly against the woman's chest just below her chin. He then
  slowly, methodically, pulled it across the taut skin of her sternum, then turned
  and dragged the instrument across the lower crease of her right breast, causing
  her to open her mouth and gasp as the tiny needles pricked the sensitive skin
  there. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Thomas Chaser


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





