BDSM Library - Aurora, Sexy Assassin




Aurora, Sexy Assassin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Erotic thriller and action packed adventure of the lovely Aurora the sensual and deadliest assassin ever.Aurora Sexy Assassin    
-by Joaquin (a.k.a. "bootboy")   
Dedicated to the lovely Aurora    
EPISODE 1: "  Death comes in black thong
        panties  "   
The long straight lonely highway stretch for several miles for as far as
  the eye could see. On both sides of it, a vast desert landscape, warm and only
  beginning to show signs of life as the sun steadily rose on the far horizon.
  Other than a frightened gecko that scurried pass across the wide deserted avenue
  and a flight of vultures overhead, and one patient rider well hidden behind
  a boulder, the infinite scenery was definitely lifeless.  
Brushing her long dark hair playfully messed up by a gentle desert breeze,
  the lone rider smiled as everything she had planned had fallen neatly into
  place. She was early. She had time. The target was not due for another two
  hours. It was only 7:00 a.m. and yet the sun was already blazing hot. "Might
  as well take advantage and get myself a tan and while I check on the traps",
  she said to herself.  
She took off her black leather-riding overalls and neatly folded it inside
  her duffel bag beside her camouflage tent. She didn't took off her stylish
  knee high black leather Valentino boots, with four-inch stiletto heels on to
  protect her feet from the desert floor that was gradually heating up.  
She giggled as she inspected herself. She stood there in the middle of nowhere
  wearing nothing more than a skimpy ensemble of sexy black silk brassiere that
  strained to cover up her shapely firm breast. Her sensuous strikingly gorgeous
  creamy white thighs and long, long shapely silky smooth legs were generously
  revealed and barely covered by her sexy black high cut thong panties.  
The same gecko that earlier hurried off across the highway was back and stared
  as if in awe at the lovely Aurora. She just winks down at him pretending him
  to be a captive audience and smiled. "My gosh, look at me. I could very well
  be a model for a female domination magazine", she said softly to the attentive
  gecko. "Better get down to business my friend" she bid the little creature
  good-bye as she walk away towards her blue 2000 Yamaha R6 parked 150 meters
  away among a copse of wild bushes.  
The little gecko followed her closely, staring at the exquisite way Aurora's
  well-rounded hips sway with every step she takes, as she walks gracefully like
  a top beauty in a prestigious pageant would. Her well-rounded tight firm butt
  barely covered by her striking black thong bikini panties moves in such hypnotic
  vivacious manner that it had effectively held the poor gecko's eyes like glue.
  Aurora glances back and notices this and merely smiled, "either the poor little
  monster is a reincarnation of an ass gazing maniac or he probably thinks I
  look too good to eat", she laughed, "well, probably both. His definitely got
  some taste", she said to herself.  
Once there, Aurora check the tools of her trade from a metal cache strapped
  to her sports bike and laid them on a mat, which she carefully arranged on
  the sandy floor. Her deadly gear consisted of an H&amp;K MP5 submachine gun
  and .357 magnum Desert Eagle and a couple of radio operated Claymore anti-personnel
  mines. It also included a remotely controlled .50 caliber SAW (squad automatic
  weapon) complete with tripods that she herself designed and built for this
  particular purpose.  
Needless to say, Aurora is an expert in weaponry and demolitions, an essential
  skill in her arcane trade of assassination. In fact in the mysterious world
  of assassins, Aurora is among the top five in the world. Her schooling and
  training in these esoteric lethal arts is quite a mystery as no one really
  knew her background save for a few who are either closely working for her or
  dead. And she has never ever been caught.  
Her youthful teenage looks with a radiant carefree smile and overall "girl-next-door" appeal
  had made her beyond suspicion and is considered to be a very formidable weapon
  in enabling her to get close to her targets. In her career as an assassin,
  Aurora has never failed an assignment. It never mattered how powerful and well
  guarded they were they were always good as dead. To date she counts over five
  hundred people she personally dispatched to their graves.  
Aurora stood up and scans again the horizon and the freeway, which stretches
  from the northeast to the southwest. She quickly decided on the exact spots
  where she will place the 8 Claymore charges and calculated the distance from
  each other from her ambush position.  
Biting her sensuous lips for the work ahead, she took off the pair of leather
  gloves she wore and carefully applied sun block lotion against her silky smooth
  skin thoroughly with supple motions. After which she put the leather gloves
  back on and strap on a shoulder holster for her .357 cal. Desert Eagle and
  slung the H&amp;K MP5 SMG (submachine gun) over the shoulders. She made the
  final configurations check on her remotely controlled tripod mounted recoilless
  machine gun and made sure it pointed northeast facing the road. She then covered
  it with camouflaged netting to blend with the thicket of bushes which grew
  wildly at the side of the road before preceding further down to individually
  place the claymore charges.  
As she busied herself setting up her ambush, she recalled her mission profile.
  The target, Jingoy, is a notorious leader of a syndicate ring involved in white
  slavery and drug trafficking. It will not be easy as about a dozen goons armed
  to the teeth and an equal number of beer-guzzling Harley Davidson riding thugs
  always accompany him.  
"Perfect, I hate Harleys and all the equally detestable creatures that mount
  them" Aurora said to herself.  
Aurora, ever a true blue professional who never let her emotions influence
  her job, was particularly incensed at the subject of her present assignment.
  She was particularly disturbed about how a poor barrio chief had managed to
  rescue her 15 year old daughter earlier abducted by Jingoy's men but only to
  die later in his arms due to a severe case of venereal disease that spread
  all over her body and ate up her brain. She died a slow and painful death.  
Nothing could be more appalling. Aurora swore when she was told the story.
  Thus, Aurora accepted the job with only a fourth of her minimum acceptance
  fees of a $100,000.  
Her ever-faithful sidekick, Joaquin tried to protest with her uncharacteristic
  un-professionalism then but thought better of it as she promptly stared him
  down before he could mouth his protestation.  
Joaquin, Aurora's ever faithful and devoted assistant cum man-Friday, cum
  domestic slave, and cum occasional lover. Joaquin is a brilliant computer whiz
  kid and electronics expert and also serves as Aurora's surveillance and intelligence
  man. Ever since the first time he saw her on the internet he was beguiled by
  her Goddess like beauty especially when she finally agreed to chat with him
  using her web cam.  
But Joaquin could also be a bumbling idiot and a jerk at times. But overall
  he is very dependable.  
But what really endeared Joaquin to Aurora is his slave like devotion to
  her. He serves her unquestioningly with an obsession to please her. And he
  never asked for money, though Aurora would insist in paying him something.
  Joaquin would only reluctantly accept in the end what amounted to simple gas
  money, more symbolic than practical.  
The money has no significance whatsoever to Joaquin. He simply was too much
  in love with Aurora that he practically binds himself to her for free.  
The expectation only that Aurora would reward him on the rare occasion when
  she allows him to give her head or when she playfully sits on his face, is
  more than enough compensation. Joaquin never went beyond giving Aurora a tongue
  job, as she never let him. Joaquin had no complaints with their erotic arrangement,
  considering with his deep obsession for her, actually was more to his favor
  anyway.  
Her heels clicking audibly on the asphalt with a clear feminine tone to it,
  Aurora cross the wide desert avenue to secure another of her directional claymore
  charges. She carefully and methodically places all eight charges, four each
  on its side of the highway, forming a zigzag pattern all facing the road.  
Finished with the last of her lethal bombs she returned to her ambush position
  on top of a large boulder 20 meters from the road on the east side. She just
  stood there and closed her eyes commencing her deep breathing exercises preparing
  herself for the expected battle ahead.  
Aurora block off the world and all thoughts of combat and instead, concentrated
  on the single rivulet of sweat forming on her forehead. She lifts her head
  into the sky, her eyes close, shielded by a dark Ray Ban she wears.  
She focuses on the tiny droplet as it slowly and tenderly descends down on
  her neck snaking its way unhurriedly down on her supple and well-formed breast
  like a lover's tongue. She lets out a sigh as the droplet lingers a little
  bit around her flat stomach before descending further down and disappearing
  beneath the wide waistband of her high cut black thong panties. The droplet,
  long absorbed by the fabric of her panties, yet her thoughts of it continued
  further down remembering the way Joaquin, her slave and ass-kissing sidekick,
  would passionately tongue her.  
Joaquin was the best among all her numerous lovers. He is positively the
  man who could give a girl the best head ever! His tongue alone would unquestionably
  bring her to heights of ecstasy and orgasm every time without fail.  
Suddenly, Aurora's reverie was cut short by the crackle of her small radio
  transceiver. She quickly dons the speaker and microphone headset on her head
  and immediately heard Joaquin' voice, "speaking of the devil", she thought.  
"What is it, Joaquin?" Aurora spoke on the small speaker mike.  
"Hmmmmm, I, &hellip; I'm sorry&hellip; I&hellip; well you see&hellip; I would
  have called you earlier&hellip;but&hellip;hmmm the battery went out&hellip;and
  I have to look for a spare&hellip;. you see... I&hellip;" Joaquin stammers.  
Aurora just bit her lips, exasperated.  
"Just tell me what happen!", she said.  
"The target left early. Five black Ford Suburbans and a couple of Harleys&hellip;they
  should be there any minute now&hellip;I'm sorry&hellip;I&hellip;" said Joaquin
  in a small boy's voice.  
"Fuck!" Aurora exclaimed. "You sorry piece of shit! You're getting it this
  time, slave!"  
Aurora quickly pulled out her Zenith binoculars and scans the northeast approach.
  And sure enough she could see the target quickly closing in. Aurora estimates
  that she has less than a minute to spare before the target were well within
  the kill zone.  
"Damn it!" she said loudly. She realized that, aside from her boots and gloves,
  she was almost bare-naked with only bras and panties on. She could no longer
  reach her leather cover-alls, which are place in her duffel bag next to her
  tent, a good 300 meters away. She could no longer ran towards it, don her clothes
  and be back again at her ambush site. There is simply no time.  
She will have to do battle while donning only in her bras and panties. A
  sexy thought if only the situation were any different.  
Possess with a brilliant tactician's mind, Aurora quickly turn the situation
  into an advantage.  
xxxxxxxxxx  
Rico, one of Jingoy's trusted henchmen, was leading the convoy on his Harley
  when his jaws drop at the astonishing sight before him. He could barely believe
  his eyes as he saw the loveliest woman he ever laid eyes on with drop dead
  gorgeous body to match and clad only in a sexy black bikinis and bras standing
  poise like a model on top of a boulder 100 meters ahead on the left side of
  the road. He had to slow down to about 40 mph.  
The others in the convoy, including Jingoy himself also witness the same
  amazing scene, which also prompted all of them to slow down. Aurora was a young
  woman too irresistible for men to resist especially in her present almost naked
  condition.  
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx  
"That's it! Just a little closer boy. Don't be shy. A little more now." Aurora
  said softly to herself. She smiled as they inch closer and closer to her kill
  zone until the fateful moment arrived for her to press the remote.  
All hell broke lose as the first claymore charge exploded killing Rico and
  two other lead Harley riding goons instantly. The first bomb also manages to
  flip the lead Ford Suburban front fender first up to the sky and landing on
  its top with a loud bang. A split second later, the second Ford Suburban crashes
  onto the first before it too exploded completely and obliterating all six occupants
  instantly.  
Then just a second into the death play, no. 8 claymore bomb exploded thrashing
  the fifth Ford Suburban which was bringing up the rear of the convoy, effectively
  blocking off any logical retreat for the men.  
The fourth Suburban also exploded in a hail of metallic debris as two bombs
  exploded almost simultaneously. The fourth Suburban, or what was left of it,
  careened uncontrollably and smash itself into the third vehicle which contain
  Jingoy himself and four of his most trusted lieutenants, pinning it effectively
  with the flaming wreckage of the second Ford.  
Fourteen men died instantaneously with the explosive onslaught of the claymore
  mines. Most of the first wave fatalities were from the goons riding on their
  Harley-Davidsons.  
The others who manage to escape the explosions were quickly cut down to pieces
  from the .50 caliber machine gun fire that Aurora activated by remote.  
In quick successive rounds the hails of bullets rip through flesh like metallic
  hailstorm. A few of them even had their heads blasted to smithereens.  
While the carnage continued and the attention of the men, or what's left
  of them, were focus on the .50 caliber machine gun shooting them up the road,
  Aurora quickly jump down and grab her H&amp;K MP-5 Submachine gun and position
  herself to fire.  
Aurora flicks the remote control and the deadly hail of bullets from her
  .50 caliber machinegun cease firing. At this instant, only a handful of men,
  mostly stun from the bomb blast and the barrage of rapidly fired .50 caliber
  bullets survive. They counter-fired, focusing their attention towards the source
  of the machine gun fire.  
Without wasting a moment, Aurora move towards the road coming from the side
  and rear of the rubble of vehicles, her deadly submachine gun firmly grip in
  her glove hands, her heels clicking audibly with sexy distinctly feminine notes
  on the heating asphalt.  
She drop to one knee and let out a three round burst of fire to each of the
  three men who had the misfortune to turn their backs to her. Each of them was
  rip apart by powerful blast of 9-millimeter exploding bullets.  
They were all dead even before they hit the ground.  
A split second later, Aurora rolled to her right twice and rise on one knee
  and again slaughtered another set of goons as they were just trying to clamber
  out of their burning vehicle. She executed the move with utmost grace and agility
  reminiscent of a ballerina's dance or flawless sway of a refined and graceful
  dancer.  
She got up and confidently walk bit by bit as she easily pick off each of
  the frightened men, shooting them by their backs, while they were still distracted,
  foolishly thinking that the enemy was still in front of them.  
The last two standing manage to turn but it took them several seconds of
  hesitation which eventually cause them their lives, because, instead of shooting
  Aurora, they just stared at her in awe.  
They were so stun by the sight of an extremely lovely young woman with an
  equally ravishing shapely body drape only in black high cut thong panties and
  matching bra approaching them. The spellbound goons just watch her approach
  them while she carefully step over the bodies of their fallen comrades.  
They were so transfixed by her charms that they failed to see her raise her
  submachine gun as she aimed it at them. The flashes from the deadly weapon
  were the last things they ever saw before they hit the pavement, spattering
  it with their own blood.  
With the tip of her sexy boots, she nudged each man's faces, as they lie
  sprawled on the ground, making sure their dead. But most especially, wanting
  to know if one of them is the dreaded Jingoy.  
"Shit!!" Aurora screams as she realized that Jingoy was not there. She flicked
  a switch and spoke into her speaker microphone attached like a headband astride
  her head.  
"Shit Joaquin! Are you damn sure the target was with this fucking convoy!" she
  spat angrily at him. In her mind, she could imagine strangling her poor slave
  with her bare hands.  
"His in there! I'm sure of it! He must have slip out. Try checking around.
  Please." Joaquin pleaded.  
Aurora brushes her long jet-black hair back and immediately surveyed the
  horizon.  
Joaquin was right. Jingoy, along with two other goons, by some unimaginable
  luck manage to slip out on foot from her carefully laden ambush and were now
  a good 500 meters away heading west towards the desert. They were now to far
  away for her Aurora to chase on them on foot, and ruining her expensive fashionable
  chic boots was the last thing she will do. "They're not getting anywhere" she
  said, "this girl, might as well have some fun".  
She calmly walks towards her parked Yamaha R6.  
She took her time mounting the beast like her trusted stead, starts it and
  began to rev it up. She relish with delight every time she does this, listening
  to the soft but powerful purr of its engines, feeling around her exposed thighs
  and legs the unmistakable vibrations emanating from the depths of the animal
  that she is taming beneath her. Finally reunited with this beautiful beast,
  she aimed towards the three men limping further away into the middle of the
  desert.  
Aurora smiled, resolved to have fun with these pukes before she puts a bullet
  or two ending their miserable lives. With engines roaring she race her powerful
  R6 aiming for one of the limping goon.  
The three hapless men were alarmed by the unmistakable roaring sound of the
  R6 and were horrified as they glimpsed the powerful sports bike driven by a
  lovely half naked beauty bearing down on them. They panic and scamper in different
  directions trying in vain to elude her.  
One of the unfortunate goon was hit squarely by the powerful Yamaha R6 with
  a gut wrenching sound of his bones cracking as Aurora manages to send him soaring
  on air.  
As the goon landed smack on his back, Aurora expertly screeched to a momentary
  halt while she at the same time veered her R6 beautifully, executing a half
  circle with sands flying all over.  
Before the ill-fated goon could get up Aurora drove her R6 over his frail
  body, rubber marking its path across his chest.  
She turns and made another run but instead of just running him down, she
  stops her R6 just as it was on top of him. With the wide rear wheels neatly
  on top of his chest, Aurora revs up the engine before letting go of the clutch
  and at the same time pressing on the front wheels brakes.  
The net effect had flesh and rubber burning, as wildly turning wheels dug
  onto the hapless goon's fragile body, killing him instantly!  
Jingoy and his surviving sidekick witness the horrifying scene inflicted
  on their colleague by this beautiful vixen on wheels.  
They started to run again for their lives.  
Aurora saw this and just smiled. She then maneuvered her sports bike towards
  them chasing them. It only took less than a few seconds when she overtook them
  and then manages to block their path.  
The men just stood, escape is hopeless. They could never outrun this lovely
  girl on deadly wheels. They just wait for the inevitable as they watch her
  gracefully dismount from her powerful Yamaha R6.  
Aurora got off her R6, having decided to give these two a sporting chance.
  She slung her deadly sub-machinegun on her R6. She then stood poise like a
  model before them and taunted them, beckoning them to get a piece of her with
  her gloved finger.  
Immediately, Jingoy's lieutenant lunged forward only to be deftly thrust
  down to the ground by one of Aurora's expert aikido moves. He was still eating
  dirt and trying to spew it out, when Aurora, still grabbing him by his hand
  made a turn and firmly planted her booted leg on his shoulder blades and then
  twists his arm with one powerful motion, breaking his bones. He let out an
  agonizing scream.  
This was not getting anywhere, Aurora thought. So, she firmly grabs a handful
  of the suffering goon's hair with both her gloved hands making him stand on
  his feet. She then locks her right arm and elbow around his scrawny neck and
  with one powerful and quick upward move she lifted him off his feet by his
  neck. The expert lethal move effectively snaps his neck in two, killing him
  instantaneously.  
She let go, allowing the goon's limp body slithers down to the ground beneath
  her feet.  
All this time Jingoy just stared at Aurora and the way she easily dispatches
  his man to his early grave. He stared at this young woman with awe and trepidation.  
"Oh darn it!" Aurora started, "How is a girl like me supposed to have fun
  if you guys die so quickly on me, hmmmmm?" she said these words, apparently
  trying to mock the fallen man at her feet. With a typical girlish teasing behavior,
  Aurora laughs at the kneeling Jingoy.  
"Ohhh please, please, spare me!" Jingoy pleaded on his hands and knees as
  Aurora slowly approach him.  
"Ohh, you have been a very bad boy. You know it and so do I" Aurora said. "Tell
  me why I should spare your life?" She taunts him.  
"Whoever made you an offer, for whatever amount&hellip; I'll double it, just
  don't kill me, pleaseeeeee!" Jingoy begs.  
Aurora just laugh, "Sorry old boy. You just can't buy me off. I'm a professional.
  I have my principles you see. Wouldn't look good for me if I double cross my
  clients"  
Jingoy finally realizes the desperateness of his situation. "You mean&hellip;I,
  I will die? You, a girl, will kill Jingoy? Ohhh no!" he began to cry unabashedly
  like a baby.  
"Yes, my dear old man. This lovely girl before you will do just that." Aurora
  began to giggle with glee, delighted at the spectacle of a grown man crying
  and begging at her feet. The sight of a man completely under a girl's mercy
  exhilarates Aurora's sense of power, the power of life and death.  
Yet, Aurora is thrilled in a sensual erotic way, standing there exposed to
  the world. Standing before this groveling man almost naked, except for a pair
  of sexy feminine boots and matching racing gloves, her gorgeous black silk
  bra beautifully molds the delicate contours of her shapely blossoming breast
  and the stunning high cut black silk thong bikini panties that perfectly enhances
  the shapely, well rounded and curvaceous hips and thighs and accentuating her
  flawless silky-smooth skin on long shapely legs. She can't help herself feel
  so sexy. Any girl would especially when coupled with the awesome power that
  she holds over a man.  
Looking at Jingoy's awed appearance, Aurora was further convinced how lovely
  and irresistible she must now appear before him. This was obvious from the
  way Jingoy stares at her, his eyes roving all over her body, devouring her
  hungrily.  
Aurora was quite amazed at this herself. For here was a man about to lose
  his life at the hands of this strikingly lovely girl, yet he still manages
  to overcome his primal fear of dying. Aurora is astonished how her feminine
  charms could incite a man's passion for her. It would seem to Aurora that a
  man's lust for a woman is more powerful to overcome than the prospect of his
  own death. Aurora just laughs out loud, elated.  
Aurora adjusts her sexy thong panties, with a motion deliberately designed
  to further enthrall the poor shriveling creature groveling before her with
  her beguiling charm. She could be quite a tease when she wants to.  
"Tell you what, old toad," she began, "I will let you live provided that
  is, if you can beat me mano-e-mano  . Whaddaya say? Hmmmmm".  
"I &hellip; I don't think I can&hellip;. I'm &hellip; I'm too weak&hellip; and
  you're too strong" Jingoy laments.  
Aurora taunts him again with her girlish laughter and said, "You mean you're
  just going to give up? You got beaten by a girl".  
"Yeah&hellip; I guess&hellip; I ..." Jingoy began but Aurora cut him off.  
"Then in that case, I will just have to kill you now old man. Good bye",
  Aurora pretended to go for her holstered .357 cal. Desert Eagle.  
Her words and her ruse to go for her gun, prompted Jingoy instinctively to
  rise up and launch at her desperately, flailing his arms uselessly in a vain
  attempt to get a grab at Aurora.  
Aurora was of course ready for him, who just simply sidesteps grabbing hold
  of his right arm and with one singular fluid motion flung him down on the ground
  in a circular motion. And just as Jingoy ate dust, Aurora over his body, turn
  and plants her right foot firmly on the opposite side of his frail body. With
  her sexy boots firmly in place she pulled and twists his arms, effectively
  dislocating his right arm. Jingoy scream out aloud, the pain unbearable.  
Aurora momentarily turn her back at Jingoy, leaving him writhing in horrible
  pain, as she walks slowly towards her park Yamaha R6. She took a four-foot
  long chain leash with a dog's leather collar attached to it. She could easily
  tell without looking that Jingoy was desperately trying to get up. As she felt
  him moving closer from behind, Aurora simply step back and let out a powerful
  back kick which caught Jingoy squarely on his stomach, which bawled him over.
  This was quickly succeeded by another equally vicious run house kick to his
  face that flung him back to the ground face down.  
Aurora quickly climb up and stood squarely on Jingoy's back, her 4-inch spike
  heels digging painfully on his skin. She quickly fastened the leather collar
  around his neck and locks it tight. With the chain leash attached to Jingoy's
  neck, Aurora had effective control of him, so much like a girl would with her
  little puppy.  
Aurora felt that all too familiar warmth creeping like a lover from the deepest
  recesses of her body, heating her up. The warm wet pleasant feeling permeates
  and lingers throughout her body and focused mostly on the insides of her thighs.
  Oh no, not now girl we have a job to do, she thought to herself.  
Getting off his back, Aurora forces Jingoy to his feet, dragging him vigorously
  by his leash. As he Jingoy straggles up on his feet, his face quickly got acquainted
  with Aurora's fist, tasting the leather gloves she wore.  
Jingoy was momentarily blinded, the pain excruciating. But before he could
  fall again to the ground, Aurora pulled him again by the leash and another
  more devastating punch landed bluntly on his left eye, effectively shutting
  it out.  
The relentless assault continued unabated, with Aurora hurling and inflicting
  a series of punches, elbows, knees, kicks and a combination of them to the
  hapless Jingoy. She did these with relative calm and ease honed from years
  of mastery in the deadly martial arts that included karate (which she is a
  black belt), aikido, ninjitsu and some arcane lethal skills previously unheard
  of by the uninitiated.  
Jingoy's face was now puff up by lumps, bruises, and serious contusions that
  made him hardly recognizable. His once ugly mug has been made even more hideous,
  by Aurora's relentless onslaught. Jingoy was helpless, he could neither defend
  himself nor successfully evade as Aurora still had a firm grasp of his leash.  
The relentless offensive continued for what seem to Jingoy like hours of
  harsh and unrelenting torment at the Aurora's hands. His cries of anguish and
  pain fell on deaf ears.  
Aurora finally stops her assault not because she felt merciful than trying
  to catch her breath. She looks down at Jingoy badly battered and beat up, writhing
  and squirming on the desert floor with horrible and agonizing pain. Aurora
  was now drenched in ecstasy as she stood towering over Jingoy, her sense of
  power over him complete.  
"Oh, that was fun wasn't old boy", Aurora mock. "Would you like some more?
  This girl is having so much fun", she said.  
"No, no more, please I beg you. Please just kill me quick, I can't bear the
  pain anymore&hellip;ohhhh", Jingoy whimpers.  
"Your gonna die alright, you old goat. That's for sure. But killing you quickly
  wouldn't be as fun as I'm having now" Aurora laugh. "Tell me what can you do
  for me in return for a swift painless death, hmmmmm?" Aurora giggled.  
"I'll give you the coded number of my offshore account in the Cayman's. I
  have $8 million grand in it. Please just stop the torture", Jingoy pleaded. "Alright,
  tell me now toad face before I change my mine" Aurora said nonchalantly, as
  if she was not interested in this new development.  
After Jingoy told her the codes of the numbered account, Aurora quickly relayed
  this to Joaquin over her radio headset microphone. Joaquin lost no time in
  logging this via the Internet. The funds were completely withdrawn after several
  confirmations and successfully transferred to Aurora's own secret accounts
  in Switzerland. She was now $8 million richer.  
While Aurora was very pleased with the unexpected windfall, she did not show
  this to Jingoy. The latter could not discern the enigmatic smile that Aurora
  showed him. It seems to him that she was still not satisfied.  
 "Ahh, &hellip; are you&hellip; are you not happy, Miss?" Jingoy ask this
  full of anxiety. There was no way now for him to recover his lost millions.
  The die has been cast.  
"There is still something missing. You can just give a girl so much, but
  I want to actually see you beg me for mercy, you pathetic oaf." Aurora sneered
  down at him.  
"How&hellip;how do you wish&hellip; me to demonstrate it&hellip;Miss", Jingoy
  begs Aurora.  
Aurora knew then what she would like Jingoy do for her, as she looks down
  at her knee high black leather boots, dusty and mess up losing its shine and
  luster.  
Aurora put her right booted foot forward slightly and stood in a sexy model's
  poise as if posing for the cameras. She does this flirting maneuver so successfully
  that Jingoy's unabashed desire for her was renewed in spite of his pain.  
Aurora then began in an enticing way, "Oh my, my boots are such a mess".
  She said this in a bogus act of a girl in distress design to entice Jingoy's
  obvious desires some more. "Oh, would you be such a dear old goat, and help
  this girl clean up her boots, hmmmmm" she chuckles.  
"Yes, yes for you Miss, I will gladly do anything" Jingoy pledge.  
Aurora smiling now, tease him some more, "Is that so? You are willing to
  do anything for me? Absolutely anything?" she laughs.  
"Yes, anything at all Miss&hellip;. my Goddess" Jingoy vows.  
"Ok then", Aurora replied after a moments dramatic hesitation. "Why don't
  you crawl over here and lick the dust off of my boots, slave!" she hisses.  
Jingoy obediently complied as he crawled his way on his belly, wriggling
  like a worm, inching his approach slowly as he reaches the exact spot where
  Aurora stood towering over him. Aurora, inch her right booted leg slightly
  forward, in a bid to welcome Jingoy's arrival.  
As tears stream down his eyes, Jingoy could not imagine the utter and sheer
  humiliation he is now experiencing at the hands of Aurora. He had never before
  envisioned that a gorgeous teenage girl would successfully subjugate him. He
  cried, his body shaking, disbelief overwhelm him like a boy who got dump and
  heartbroken by the very girl who now stands before him, laughing and taunting
  him.  
Jingoy stops as he reaches the spot where Aurora towers over him, his face
  just a mere inch away from the tip of Aurora's boot. He looks up with teary
  eyes and gaze up on Aurora's flawless beauty, as she looks down at him with
  a triumphant grin. Her beautiful eyes flickers with mischief and unfathomable
  designs, which only made him gasp in spite of his pains.  
"What are you waiting for you old goat? Go ahead and lick my boots! Don't
  be shy now." Aurora said punctuated with her naughty schoolgirl laughter.  
Jingoy, bows his head down, and tentatively plants his puff up lips on Aurora's
  boot, feeling the cool leather surface. As tears fell down his checks, he let
  out his tongue and takes a long slow swipe with it tasting the salty smooth
  leather of Aurora's boot. Jingoy closes his eyes, momentarily savoring the
  dust particles that cling to his tongue.  
"Good boy" Aurora tease, "Now show me what a good slave you are and give
  my boots the best shine ever, ok slave?"  
"Whatever you wish, &hellip; my Goddess" Jingoy meekly replied.  
For the next several moments, which seem to Jingoy like hours, he proceeded
  to slave away at Aurora's boots, cleaning and shining it thoroughly with his
  amazingly long tongue. As he continued to lick Aurora's boots, Jingoy was amazed
  with himself as he unconsciously seem to enjoy what he was doing, forgetting
  whatever shred of dignity he has left. A macho man completely debased by a
  girl.  
Jingoy's tongue seem to spring with a life of its own, as it licks it's way
  carefully every inch of Aurora's boot. His tongue would make long hard swipes
  with his tongue, sweeping it clean from the accumulated dirt and dust. His
  tongue alternates its ministrations with caring and loving circular movements.
  On the whole, his wonderful tongue work like the skillful brushes of an artist
  as it passionately licks Aurora's boots to a gleaming polish.  
Aurora was impressed and amaze at Jingoy's efficient job he does with her
  boots. She merely smiles at herself, relishing at her immense triumph over
  him. As Jingoy licks away, Aurora could unmistakably feel his tongue through
  the thin leather fabric of her classy and sexy feminine boot. The thin layer
  of leather is the only thing that separates his amazing tongue from her sensitive
  skin. She tries to stifle a giggle as she began to feel ticklish, imagining
  how it would feel like if it were her bare skin, instead of her boot, that
  he was licking.  
"Splendid job, slave. Now do my other boot and lick it the way you did the
  other!" Aurora orders Jingoy.  
"As you wish, You're Majesty." Jingoy replied.  
Aurora removed her right booted foot away from Jingoy's lips. She then raised
  her long gorgeous leg and plants her shiny boot squarely on Jingoy's left shoulder.
  Aurora expertly balance herself and shift her weight on Jingoy's shoulder pressing
  him down, urging him on towards her other boot.  
With Aurora's boot and its spike heel digging painfully down on his shoulder,
  Jingoy, needed no urging as he willingly slave away at her other boot, giving
  it the best tongue job he could offer. He slavishly shine her boot with his
  passionate tongue and before long it too shine so remarkably well that he could
  even see his own face reflected on them.  
Jingoy looks up eagerly at Aurora's face like a schoolboy waiting for his
  teacher's approval. "I have shined your boots for you, Miss&hellip; I &hellip; I
  hope I have done it well&hellip; have I??" Jingoy asks with an edge to his
  voice.  
"Very well, I suppose" Aurora understated although he was quite impressed
  with his workmanship. "But something's lacking. Hmmmmm" she pretended to ponder.
  Then she said, "Ohh, I know now. Come with me slave". Aurora then led Jingoy
  by the leash towards her parked Yamaha R6. She yanks playfully at his leash
  as she slowly glides like a ramp model with him following crawling closely
  behind.  
As she walks, Aurora could feel Jingoy's eyes on her ass, hungrily devouring
  her. She just smiled.  
She then sat on the seat of her powerful Yamaha R6, cross one dazzlingly
  gorgeous leg over the other and pointed the sole of her boot to Jingoy's face. "See
  my heel slave? Be a good boy and suck it clean!" Aurora orders.  
While Jingoy was faithfully complying with her wishes, Aurora fastens the
  other end of his leash to the rear of her powerful bike and locking it securely
  in its place. A sinister idea having just formed in her mind. It would be a
  fitting end to a notorious leader of the white slavery syndicate.  
"Are you enjoying yourself slave?" Aurora asks, watching Jingoy's eyes close
  as he passionately sucks the heels of her boots.  
"Hmmm, yesss&hellip; hmmmmm&hellip; I enjoy being your slave, Miss", Jingoy
  replied with half open eyes looking up at her as he continues to suck and lick
  her heels with lustful abandon.  
"Good", Aurora said, "Consider it as my parting gift for you, slave". With
  that, Aurora push Jingoy's face away with the sole of her boot, sending him
  down flat on his back.  
Aurora shifted, and then with panache and graceful move, she swings her long
  shapely leg over and mounted her powerful blue Yamaha R6 Super bike. She turns
  the ignition and revs up the powerful engine welcoming the all too familiar
  roar of its powerful engine, the intimate steady vibrations she feels around
  her thighs and legs.  
"Wha&hellip;what&hellip; are you doing?" Jingoy ask fearfully, as it suddenly
  dawns on him what is about to happen. He tried hard to remove the leather collar
  around his neck but he just couldn't simply unlock it. He looks desperate as
  the chain leash attached to his collar was likewise firmly locked into place
  at the rear end of Aurora's powerful motorcycle.  
As smoke billows forth from the powerful bikes exhaust, Jingoy was coughing
  hard, as he strain to free himself from his chains and from the powerful motorcycle.
  He could just barely make out Aurora's behind, her shapely torso and the curvaceous
  and well rounded stunning ass seated firmly on the seat of the bike and barely
  covered by her thong panties.  
As the engines were brought back to idle, Aurora finally was able to hear
  Jingoy's pleas. She turn her head back at look at him desperately kneeling
  behind her powerful Yamaha R6, holding his chains in his hands.  
"I &hellip; I&hellip; thought you were going to spare me?" Jingoy pleaded
  tears running down his cheeks. "Please&hellip; please &hellip; don't kill me&hellip; not
  this way&hellip; please&hellip;" he begs.  
With peals of girlish laughter, Aurora merely said, "Ohhh, come now my dear
  old slave. A girl is always entitled to change her mind." She continued laughing.  
"Nooooooooooooooooooo pleaseeeeeeeee!" Jingoy wailed in utter desperation
  but in vain, as Aurora simply close her eyes, shutting him off completely.
  She was now thinking ahead to meeting Joaquin and sit on his eager face for
  hours relieving her of the day's tension and excitement.  
With a loud roar of the powerful R6 engine, Aurora let out the clutch and
  her super bike instantaneously responded with a forceful lurch like a wild
  stallion finally set free from his cage. The move drags Jingoy along by the
  neck, snapping it but not enough to kill him just yet as he scream in horror.  
The still and serene desert landscape was broken by a continuous deafening
  and earsplitting shriek of a man subjected to a state of sustain agonizing
  and excruciating pain. Desert creatures such as the attentive gecko and his
  gang scampered away in fear. Only a flock of vultures overhead followed closely
  the events, watching a half naked girl driving a powerful motorcycle while
  dragging behind her what seem to be a disfigured body of a man wailing away,
  as she race her super bike in the hard porous hot asphalt highway. It was a
  fitting end of a notorious white slavery ringmaster and child molester. It
  was poetic justice that it took a girl to send such a man to his early grave.  
-END-  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  joaquin d bootboy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





