BDSM Library - Closing the Deal




Closing the Deal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Deeding title to her body to another a woman is crated and shipped to another city to his  entertain clients Then recrated and shipped home to her husband. The crate arrived about 4 PM from CF Freight Lines. Vicki had received notice
  nearly two weeks ago to expect it and to make arrangements with work for several
  days off. The crate was to be picked up and shipped tomorrow. It stood 42 inches
  tall and was thirty inches square. Vicki opened the envelope Jack had mailed
  her a few days before.  
 I will be requiring your services to entertain and close a business
      deal over the next week. You will need to make the necessary arrangements
      for the time off. You will be shipped to the meeting place on Wednesday.
      See you there on Thursday.   
 Jack.   
 Now what you might ask does this mean? Well, it started like this. Vicki
  is my loving wife of twelve years. She is truly devoted to her marriage, and
I to her.  
 Vicki is attractive, a woman of 34, mother of two cute kids (eight and ten),
  and secretary bookkeeper to a small steel fitting company. She is a real woman,
  a person, not to be confused with the magazine model or with the perfect '10'
  of your dreams. Sure they exist but not in my world and I suspect not in most
  peoples world. To be sure that would be nice in fantasy or dream, but I don't
  think it would work for me everyday. She is 5'7" with a wonderful smile with
  long lashes that frame beautiful black eyes. When we were 20 something her
  figure was marvelous, at 30ish it takes a bit of care and work. Her hips are
  round and full. Her tummy through some effort keeps its place nicely. Her shoulders
  are large enough to support a wonderfully hour-glass type figure and small
  enough to frame ample firm breasts. An olive complexion lends to wonderful
  tans with no lines. Her breasts though large and firm sitting well upon her
  chest, not bouncing on her knees mind you, falling sensually a bit towards
  her sides. Her nipples are as large as you index finger and fully &frac34; an
  inch tall pointing slightly outwards and upwards lending to a nicely rounded
  shape below. Vicki's areolas are dark well defined and near two inches across.
  Her sex is pronounced, full, eager, and sensitive.  
 To be brief I asked Vicki to take on several lovers 'friends' to kind of
  spice up our marriage. As I considered one to be a possible threat I insisted
  on two 'friends'. We have enjoyed this particular arrangement for the past
  few years.    Last year we added a new dimension: sexual
  slavery, which I will digress to explain shortly. I, we, Vicki and I deeded
  her body for the purpose of sexual pleasures to one of her 'friends' for the
  period of three months. As we are married Vicki 'shares' her body with me,
  her husband&hellip; which we enjoy regularly and often. In addition to this
  traditional arrangement we jointly deeded (I thru commitment with her and she
  in written contract) her body, her sex, her orifices, services, and passions
  to Rod as his personal possessions for three months&hellip; to use or not as
  he may choose at anytime and in any manner not detrimental to our marriage
  our family or Vicki's health. Rod did little out of the ordinary but did take
  advantage of Vicki to cater the NBA finals&hellip; naked.  
 Jack, another of her 'friends', on the other hand seemed to understand the
  nature of this deed and has made use of it often. One of the first things he
  had done to Vicki's body was a complete laser hair removal procedure. It took
  three treatments which he paid to have performed. But now and forever more
  Vicki was completely hairless except for the hair upon her head. Yes, there
  too! Vicki is and will be as smooth as the day she was born. So now you understand
  a bit about the crate. Neither Vicki nor I knew what exactly she might be required
  to do to 'close' this business deal. Nor were we of a mind to decline. We had
  deeded her to him for these three months.  
 I opened the crate. Curious. It contained an envelope &ndash; instructions
  of a sort, a single black corset and a leather hood. There was a small padded
  bench with an eight inch cock protruding upwards from it and a small funnel
  like objected behind. There were a series of straps and locks from the bottom
  to the top with grooves and a variety of small boards. The top of the crate
  had sufficient holes for ventilation and a darkened background for privacy.
  Vicki was to be shipped, overnight freight, in this crate, via CF Freight Lines
  to somewhere in Denver. It was to be left in front of the garage at noon tomorrow.
  It was clearly labeled as "Glass &ndash; Fragile", "This side up", and do not
  stack more than three high.  
 "Well, I guess you're going to take a trip." I chirped as I examined the
  situation.  
 "A crate! I am going to be crated and shipped like freight?" Vicki squawked.
  We examined it for safety. Vicki sat inside. Her head seemed to just touch
  the lid. I closed the side.  
 "Can you breathe alright?" Vicki paused breathing deeply.  
 "Sure. It feels a bit claustrophobic though." She shifted around a bit. "I'm
  okay though. I took the time off so I guess we'll see what happens." She was
  obviously leery of the circumstances. "Where is it going?"  
 "The bill of lading says Denver&hellip; overnight express."  
 I came home a bit early for lunch. As a contractor I can adjust my schedules
  as might be required.  
 "Are you ready?" I asked Vicki.  
 She had the corset on. It fit, well, I had to tug the strings at the back
  a bit and retie it. The corset did accentuate Vicki's natural shape. Vicki
  lubed the dildo with a bit of KY before entering the crate. Sitting into the
  crate Vicki took the dildo slowly into her sex. She fussed about a bit getting
  it 'fitted' into her. I knelt to fasten the ankle straps. These were soft padded
  cuffs with small locks. I did not have a key! Click. Click. Vicki was locked
  into the crate. There were two Velcro straps about her calves&hellip; and two
  more with locks about her thighs. There was a series of small toggle switches
  under the bench.  
 "Fresh Air &ndash; Vibrator &ndash; Electrostim." I flipped each on just
  the see what they might be. A small fan began to circulate air. This was good
  I left it on. A quiet buzz began. Vicki squealed.  
 "Oh, that's fun." She giggled as the dildo buzzed about.  
 "Periodic" was the next setting. I switched it to there figuring that 24
  hours of buzzing might just be a too much.  
 "Electrostim"&hellip; nothing. So I went on about strapping Vicki into the
  crate. One strap fit about her tummy with a lock. One strap fit just above
  her breasts. There was another board, adjustable&hellip; Oh, I see. It fits
  just below Vicki's breasts, a shelf of a kind wedged into the crate with Velcro
  straps at the base of each breast. There were to small metal rings that fit
  snugly around Vicki's nipples&hellip; with two wire leads. I smiled quietly
  as I adjust them into place. Another board fit across the end of the shelf
  with two openings&hellip; like a pillory. Vicki's hands fit easily into the
  openings closing and locking into place.  
 "Ouch!" Vicki flinched and jumped about as best she could. "Something's
  shocking my butt! Ahhh&hellip;. My nipples!"  
 "Oh." I chuckled. "That's must be the 'electrostim' setting." It went off
  quickly enough. I adjusted the leather hood about Vicki's head. It was plenty
  roomy and seemed to block only her vision&hellip; except for the 'pacifier'
  type of gag. I pumped the small ball pump several times. I wanted it to restrict
  speech yet not her breathing.  
 "Can you breathe?" I asked to be sure.  
 "Ye&hellip;. Bu&hellip;. Ah&hellip;. Can&hellip;. Sa&hellip; mu&hellip;"  
 "That's good. Now let me know if it changes." The final piece of board fit
  like a stock about Vicki's head but with no restrictions about her neck. The
  lock clicked shut. I left her sitting in the crate open for the next fifteen
  minutes just to be sure everything was going to be alright.  
 Buzzzzzz&hellip;.. Vicki squealed at the shock and came with a grunt. I
  set the side of the crate into place screwing it securely in place. Using a
  household hand truck I moved the crate to the front of the garage. I spent
  nearly and hour fixing lunch and doddling just to be sure Vicki was going to
  be alright.  
 "You okay?" I tapped on the top of the crate.  
 "MmmPh.."  
 "If that is a no, scream." Nothing. I got in the truck and left.  
 It was nearly six by the time I got home. The crate was gone. There was
  a receipt stuck in the door. Vicki had been shipped to do the bidding of her
  current owner&hellip; to 'close' the deal.  
Travel   
 A wave of nervousness nearing panic swept thru Vicki as she heard the screws
  being applied to the sides of the crate. She wiggled, slight movement nothing
  more. She opened her eyes. The hood about her head kept her in total blackness.
  Vicki sat still. The crate was not at all uncomfortable to sit in. Yet still,
  she was in a crate, locked in a crate. Vicki tugged at her wrist. The straps
  and locks held firm. She sat still. The fan whirred near silently but the air
  about her felt so good. She waited straining to listen to any sound around
  her. The door opened. Something, what?  
 "Ahhhrggghh." The crate tipped forward slightly then rocked backward. Vicki
  sat firmly in place. She did not slosh about or tip sideways or any such thing.
  The straps held her firmly in place.  
 The door opened and closed&hellip; Bump&hellip; Bump&hellip; Bump&hellip; three
  steps of the front entry. Street noise met her ears. Bounce, thump, scrap&hellip; the
  hand truck slide away from the crate. Time&hellip; and eternity of time passed.
  Vicki's mind raced wildly. She decided to listen to the various street noises.
  The street was really very busy when one listened intensely.  
 "You okay?" Tap; tap, at the top of the crate. Vicki struggled to confirm
  her condition, though her state of mind was not as firm about this whole thing.
  In fact she had some real concerns about being 'shipped' in a crate.  
 "If that is a no, scream." Vicki held her tongue. In spite of concerns she
  was in fact fine&hellip; at the moment.  
 Then the door on the truck closed&hellip; the engine started&hellip; the
  engine shift into gear&hellip; the tires turned&hellip; and Vicki was alone.
  The buzzing in her pussy brought about another distraction. Vicki sat hard
  into the dildo&hellip; then it shut off. Off, just before she could cum. Damn!
  Then her nipples twitched and her bottom tingled as the electrostim triggered.
  Vicki squirmed. It was not going to be completely dull anyway&hellip; then
  the street noise returned&hellip;  
 Two long tedious hours passed before she heard the mailman pull up. The
  door on the mail box opened, closed. The mail van drove off. The buzzing started&hellip; and
  stopped&hellip; almost but not quite. Damn!  
 Then a truck pulled up. The roll up door&hellip; something&hellip; someone
  whistling&hellip; The screen door opened, closed. The crate rocked onto another
  hand truck. Vicki was in motion, jerking upward on some kind of lift. The roll
  up door closed with a bang. The engine jerked forward. Vicki was on her way&hellip; in
  her crate. She fidgeted as best she could to keep the circulation. She could
  move about just enough. The truck bounced along for another two hours. It stopped,
  started, stopped, started, etc. Vicki' crate got bumped, jostled, and stacked.
  She was freight&hellip; being collected, and shipped about the country&hellip; like
  freight. Somehow the idea of her sitting naked with a dildo inside her being
  shipped seemed, well, a rush for the moment.  
 The truck stopped. Men, many voices rushed to Vicki's ears. She must be
  at the docks. A fork lift picked up her crate and bounced her along. She felt
  herself being lifted, set atop other freight, and stacked inside a trailer
  for shipping. Then there was movement, stopping, bumping, and more movement,
  more bumping&hellip; the crate rocked a bit giving Vicki real concern about
  falling from where ever she had been stacked. There were several muffled voices&hellip; then
  nothing&hellip; not even street sounds. Vicki sat waiting.  
 The driver climbed into the tractor firing up the engine. Vicki awakened.
  She had been dozing in the silence. There was motion. She was on her way again.
  She felt the stopping, starting, and turning of city traffic&hellip; then the
  simple sway of the open road as Vicki's tandem freight liner began the overnight
  trip to Denver.  
 Vicki mused in the silence. How had she come to sit in the place, just now?
  Mike, Vicki's husband had started this about five years ago. Vicki had been
  a working Mother and part time housewife. It was a comfortable, traditional,
  usual life style. Mike had suggested that she respond to the advances of a
  co-worker. At first Vicki opposed the idea, but after each advance she felt
  compelled to tell Mike&hellip; and he kept saying she should 'call his bluff'.
  The concern to Vicki was that he might call hers. Mike wrote the note suggesting
  that they meet&hellip; out of town&hellip; folding it into her hand and saying
  the next time he asks give him this. It was another week before he asked.  
 Vicki gave him the note. He had left without opening it. She remembered
  the disappointment. The next day he passed her a note without a word.  
 Made reservations for the 23  rd   at
      the Comfort Inn in Jackson. See you there.   
   
   Vicki remembered showing the note to her husband
  fearing some kind of reprisal.  
 "We better get you some nice things to wear."  
 "What?" Vicki had sputtered. "We're married."  
 "Yes, we are." Mike had answered. "and you're gonna spend the weekend in
  Jackson on the 23 rd  ."  
 "But&hellip;" Vicki stammered. "What if he&hellip; you know&hellip; wants
  to&hellip; you know."  
 "I'd plan on it&hellip; In fact, make it the best 'you know' of his life."  
 Vicki was dumbfounded. She and her husband shopped, diligently, for a new
  wardrobe from the skin out&hellip; and she went to Jackson&hellip; and enjoyed
  the sex immensely.  
 After that it was easier really. Mike had insisted on two 'friends' so that
  there would not be the problem of 'falling in love' with someone else. The
  next one was a customer&hellip; a friend&hellip; and so on. They had laughed
  about her adventures together. Mike had bought her a small glass jar. She wrote
  a date on a small glass bead and tossed it in the jar, a different color for
  each 'friend.' It hadn't taken as long as she had thought to fill that first
  jar&hellip; then the next size larger jar.  
 Then last year he had come up with this 'slave' idea. It sounded a bit kinky,
  but might prove interesting so Vicki agree to try it. They had wondered if
  the 'friend' had even read it until he asked her to waitress the game&hellip; topless&hellip; it
  had not stayed that way, but then the new jar was much bigger now. Vicki giggled
  as she reflected about the number of beads she had tossed into the jar.  
 Jack however had taken to the idea from the very beginning. After the hair
  treatments he had confiscated all of her panties. She was allowed to wear only
  shear to the waist hose or nothing. All of her skirts had been altered to just
  below embarrassment levels. Every one of her bras had been replaced with tricot&hellip; and
  two had holes for her nipples to protrude.  
 Then he had taken her to shoot pool. She was not allowed to use a bridge.
  Several times she had been force to reveal herself in order to take a shot.
  Once he took her to dinner&hellip;  
 "Unbutton your blouse to where you are comfortable." He had instructed. "Now
  every time the waitress fills our glasses of water, yours or mine, you will
  undo one more button. Vicki left after dinner with her left breast fully exposed.
  Another time he had promised her sex to a client as a bonus upon closing some
  big deal.  
 He had understood the nature of the deed and was using her as it pleased
  him. Vicki had been a bit stunned at first, but then he did hold the papers,
  the ownership to her sex&hellip; It was his to use as he wanted&hellip; she
  had signed it over to him. Vicki simply obliged&hellip; and enjoyed the sex!  
 Consequently here she was rocking along in silence, crated and shipped like
  freight&hellip; to close the next deal. Vicki drifted off into sleep, rocking
  quietly along the open road.  
 Vicki did not know how long she had been asleep. All she was truly sure
  of was that she had to pee. What a situation! She struggled, shifting about&hellip; finally
  giving into the needs of nature. The funnel! All was well, RELIEF! Vicki fell
  back to sleep.  
 It was the braking of the rhythm that wakened her. The truck slowed to take
  the ramp exiting the freeway. Downtown traffic&hellip; the stopping, starting,
  braking, turning kept Vicki's attention. It was early morning before sunrise
  though to Vicki it was still just black. Finally the freight liner stopped
  then began to back up. Vicki had arrived in Denver. It took another two hours
  before a fork lift hoisted her crate to the ground. Vicki felt herself moved
  along quickly then stashed into who knows where. The ding-ding-ding of the
  back up alarm and the forklift was gone. Thump. Another crate was stacked upon
  her head. Bump. And another crate found her side. Within several quick minutes
  Vicki had been sorted and stored for delivery. Now she sat&hellip; silent in
  her darkness. Vicki peed and slept&hellip;  
 Buzzzzz&hellip; the dildo began again. It had been silent through the whole
  of the nights ride. Vicki came&hellip; it did not shut off&hellip; Vicki grunted
  and came again&hellip; and again&hellip; The damn thing ran for nearly an hour
  before it stopped. Vicki was spent. OUCH!! The electrostim began. Her butt
  tingled. Her nipples pricked with the current.  
 A forklift hoisted her crate. Vicki was too focused on the events in her
  crated world to take much real notice of the moment she was loaded into the
  delivery truck.  
 "I need someone to sign for the crate." The driver called to a man at the
  end of the dock. Vicki was left in her crate at the edge of the dock. It was
  nearly an hour before Jack's voice reached Vicki's ears.  
 "Load this onto my truck." He instructed one of the dock hands. Bump. Tip!
  Crash! Bump. Vicki landed in the bed of Jack's pickup.  
 "Careful damn it," hollered Jack. "This is fragile, valuable cargo and if
  you damage it I'll have your hide as well as your job." Vicki smiled at his
  concern as well as his authority.  
 The pickup ride was NOT as smooth and fun as the freight liner. Vicki felt
  her crate being lowered to the ground. She felt true relief as she heard the
  screws being backed out. The side opened&hellip; fresh air touched Vicki's
  flesh. Cool morning air! It felt good. Click. The keys turned in each lock.
  It took nearly five full minutes for Jack to release Vicki from her crate.
  Vicki's legs barely worked. She stretched wiggling her toes. As the circulation
  returned Vicki stood upon her wobbling legs. Jack had left the hood laced about
  her head.  
 "Good to see you." Jack held Vicki's hand in support. "How was your trip?"  
 "Mmphff&hellip;" Vicki said thru the gag. Jack took a second to deflate
  the small ball in Vicki's mouth.  
 "Fine actually. It was a lot less eventful that I anticipated. Are you going
  to remove this hood?" Vicki inquired.  
 "No," was all that Jack returned. "There is a lunch banquet in an hour.
  Your presence is required. You'll need a bath." Jack began unlacing Vicki's
  corset. "Sit. I will draw the water." Jack placed Vicki's hand upon a chair.
  Vicki sat down. The bath water began almost immediately.  
 Jack led Vicki into the bathroom. "Get very clean, Luv. It's important." Jack
  took several minutes to undo and remove her corset. The door closed. Vicki
  felt the walls until she found the tub. Carefully stepping, sitting Vicki relaxed
  into the warm water. After several refreshing minutes Vicki found the soap.
  Dutifully she scrubbed herself clean. It felt good, very, very good. Drying
  was another adventure in the darkness or her hooded world. Vicki felt about
  for the door. She stood refreshed, clean, and naked in the doorway.  
 "A quick phone call to let Mike know you arrived safely." Jack handed the
  phone to Vicki. She dialed&hellip; the message machine picked up. She left
  a message.  
 Jack took Vicki's left wrist. Wrapped a soft leather cuff about it and clicked
  the lock shut. A small lead chain allowed Vicki to follow. Jack led her along
  being very careful to explain about the path she was walking. Carpet to the
  cool hardness of tile&hellip; a door opened&hellip; the warm of the sun&hellip; Vicki
  held against the lead. She was naked! Jack tugged lightly upon the lead chain.
  Vicki swallowed hard and followed&hellip; outside&hellip; down the walkway
  to the car. The door opened. Jack helped Vicki sit into the seat.  
 "Jack, someone might see me." Vicki protested as he sat into the driver's
  seat.  
 "So, and who will know? You're hooded, just a good looking, though naked
  woman on a chain."  
 "I'll know." Vicki squawked under her breath.  
 Jack said nothing as he started the car. They drove thru town for nearly
  twenty minutes before Jack turned on the private lane. Jack parked the car.
  The door opened beside Vicki.  
 "Are we alone?" Vicki asked as she stepped from the car.  
 "Do you really want to know?" Jack asked. Vicki's heart raced wildly as
  she strode along following her lead.  
 "No. I suppose I really don't." Vicki said quietly. Voices&hellip; they
  were not alone. Vicki flushed with embarrassment. She could not see them and
  they surely would never know who she might be. Anonymity was her only solace
  in the moment.  
 "Step, step, step, walk, step, walk," Jack's voice instructed. Vicki followed
  in silence.  
 "Stop and stay here for a bit." Jack left the lead on the floor.  
 "Oil her skin for me. Use the Crisco not baby oil. That soaks in. I want
  her skin glistening today." Jack told someone.  
 In a few quick moments tiny smooth hands began spreading cooking oil over
  every bit of Vicki's flesh, every conceivable bit of her flesh&hellip; and
  with her pubic hair gone Vicki's sex slipped against itself as she moved&hellip; interesting,
  stimulating&hellip; and glistening in the light. After Vicki was thoroughly
  oiled she was led to another room.  
 "Step, step, step. Now lie down." Jack instructed. Vicki lay quietly upon
  the table. Jack took a small length of red rope and tied each of Vicki's ankles
  to opposite table legs. Her arms he tied together at the wrists then at the
  elbows to the opposing table legs and the last Jack tied her about the waist.  
 "Now for this part of the banquet you are part of the center peace. The
  caterer's will garnish your body for presentation. You will be seen." Jack
  pumped up the gag.  
 "Mmphfft&hellip;" Vicki explained as Jack left. The caterer's entered garnishing
  the table with flowers, fruit, candles, and such&hellip; excepting Vicki's
  sex. Her breasts, vulva, labia, etc glistened thru the cooking oil. Vicki lay
  still. One by one the men began to take their seats about the table&hellip; and
  two women. Vicki could tell by their voices.  
 "Is she real?" One of the men asked touching her breast.  
 "Stop it." chirped one of the women. "Of course she is. She's breathing."  
 "Great!" exclaimed another. Vicki lay quietly embarrassed, humiliated, and
  anonymously displayed.  
 Jack talked business, growth plans, new products, marketing strategies,
  etc. The others listened. Vicki listened. It was interesting. She couldn't
  talk because of the gag, and besides she wasn't really there to say anything
  to anyone. At the end of Jacks presentation lunch was served. Bowls of salad,
  rolls, and other food stuffs were placed about Vicki's body. The smells made
  her take notice that it had in fact been since yesterday breakfast that she
  had eaten. Lunch was simple and quick for the small group.  
 They adjourned from the table leaving the catering staff to clean up&hellip; about
  Vicki's naked body. There were comments&hellip; and someone saw to it that
  a cucumber found a home in her twat. Jack returned soon after. He was not amused
  quickly removing the object. One of the men at the table commented.  
 "Quite the center piece laying there. Creative and imaginative idea too.
  I bet I could find another use for her though." Someone seconded that though.  
 "She will be working here for tonight&hellip; so if you wish call me later
  and I'll set something up." Jack obliged. "I'm sure we can work it out&hellip; say
  after six tonight."  
 "Sure thing." There was little effort to disguise their eagerness. Part
  of it amused Vicki&hellip; and part of it was a bit sickening. She did like
  to be asked, and yet that really wasn't part of ownership was it. YOU wouldn't
  call Ford to ask if you could drive your Excursion, would you? So why would
  Jack ask? She had deeded her sex to him. It was his to do with as HE chose&hellip; without
  asking permission&hellip; so it was&hellip; and she would.  
 "Will your legs hold you?" Jack asked as he undid the ropes one by one.  
 "Mmphfff&hellip;" Jack deflated the gag. "I'm not sure really." Vicki said
  as the last rope fell from her wrist.  
 "Those two men are important. One is an investor and the other is a prospective
  salesman I have been trying to steal away for this area. I want you to see
  to it that they enjoy what they want." Jack informed Vicki as he helped her
  to her feet.  
 "I'll do what I can for their pleasure." Vicki returned as she found her
  legs.  
 Jack led Vicki to the car, thru the house, past the caterers, down the drive,
  and into the passengers seat&hellip; still bare naked&hellip; but then she
  hadn't packed anything but the corset when she left home. Vicki wiggled her
  tongue, made faces, and flexed her leg muscles.  
 "I'm hungry." She spoke at last.  
 "There is food waiting at the hotel. You did very well. You were impressive
  at lunch."  
 "I am glad things went well for you. How long before I can take this hood
  off?"  
 "I suppose you can take it off for the afternoon&hellip; until sixish. Then
  you are expecting guests. It will be best if you wear it then."  
 Vicki sat quietly during the rest of the ride. Jack led her as he had done
  a few hours before, thru the people and into his bungalow. There he removed
  her hood.  
 "I need a shower before I eat."  
 "Sure. I'll get something on its way."  
 Vicki took several long minutes to stare at herself in the mirror. The image
  before her glistened in the lights of the mirror. Vicki smiled. She DID look
  sexy. The shower felt good. It felt really good to get the oil off her skin.
  It left a nasty film residue in the tub. Oh well, Vicki thought in silence.
  Lunch was good&hellip; and so was Jack. He was long and thick with amazing
  staying capacity. Vicki nearly always came with his cock inside her. Vicki
  waited anxiously for the six o'clock hour. This was part of what she had been
  shipped her to do though she had her own reservations about the evening. The
  phone rang almost on cue. Yes, she was available&hellip; just meet her at his
  bungalow, etc. Vicki donned her hood and waited for Jack to lace it up.  
 It was twenty-five minutes before Vicki heard a tapping at the door. It
  opened. It was one of the voices from this afternoon.  
 "I'll be back in an hour. She's all yours&hellip; except&hellip; I have
  the only key to the hood. Sorry, Ken. Trust me her face is fine&hellip; and
  her identity my little secret." Jack closed the door behind him.  
 "Well, Young Lady, I wanted introduce myself but it appears that it really
  won't matter now." He sat on the bed next to Vicki. His hand found her breast,
  her nipple. She flinched a bit at the contact. After some very good foreplay
  'Ken' flipped Vicki onto her tummy. His hard manhood pressed against her bottom
  as he lifted her hips to him. Slowly Ken pressed his cock into her bottom.
  His hands cupped her breasts. His fingers rolled her nipples lightly. His cock
  rocked throughout her anus. His cum filled her bowels. Vicki sat into is manhood
  as his cock filled her with his warm cum.  
 It was near an hour when Jack returned. "Ken was very pleased. Jordan will
  be along shortly. Need anything?"  
 "Not really." Vicki simply waited for the next man. He was not as attentive
  to her. He seemed interested only in fucking her&hellip; hard&hellip; and talking
  dirty." Vicki was NOT amused and NOT turned on. She did oblige him, service
  his desires and close Jack's deal.  
 It was late when Jack returned. It had been along day. Vicki was tired.
  She showered in silence.  
 "You'll need to call Mike. I'll be shipping you home tomorrow afternoon.
  Oh, and you'll need to mail this tonight." Jack handed Vicki a small package,
  addressed, and posted. "It has the keys to crate the locks. Oh, and I don't
  have another set here with me either. So when you're locked in tomorrow&hellip;" Jack
  smiled.  
 Vicki sat tiredly onto the bed. "These won't get there until day after tomorrow&hellip; and
  well&hellip; where is the mail box?" Vicki asked.  
 "It's just at the corner, down there." Jack pointed to the end of the lane&hellip; and
  under a street light. "And if the keys aren't there then call me. I have another
  set in the office. Do you want to wear the corset or would you rather go as
  you are?"  
 Vicki stood fitting the corset while giving Jack a playful glare. In point
  of fact she did NOT want to go to the corner naked, with or without the corset.
  And she was not all that happy about spending an extra day locked in the shipping
  crate. Last night had passed quickly because she had slept, but another day
  was really pushing the limit! Vicki opened the door. Jack opened the curtains.  
 "I'll keep watch from here. You never know what kind of pervert you might
  meet at night." He smiled wryly&hellip; but he was in touch with her safety,
  just not her dignity. Vicki strode to the mail box, posted her keys, and walked
  back. No one seemed to notice. That was good enough for her, for a change!  
 Morning came too early. Vicki needed more rest. She struggled to keep the
  day out. It was shipping day again&hellip; but not till after lunch. Jack was
  up, dressed, and ready to leave.  
 "Just order room service, Luv." He said at the door. Vicki poked her head
  above the covers. "I'll be back round three. We have to have you at the docks
  by four-thirty."  
 "Betchya." Vicki struggle a smile. "Damn the crate." Vicki jerked the covers
  above her head. Jack left the room. Vicki slept another hour before ringing
  for room service. TV was dull and boring&hellip; Vicki exercised for an hour,
  stretching her legs and arms. She knew these would be restricted for the next
  day or so.  
 It was three ten when Jack opened the door. "You ready? We've got to get
  hustling here." He laced Vicki into her corset&hellip; then her hood. Vicki
  sat into her crate fitting the dildo into her sex wiggling about to be sure
  of comfort. Jack worked the boards, straps, and locks quickly. The side slipped
  into place. The screws fastened it securely.  
 "How are you doing?" Jack asked. He had not inflated the gag.  
 "I'm fine."  
 "Ready for the ride home?" Jack asked as he slipped a hand truck underneath
  the crate.  
 "No. But that's the current mode of transportation." Vicki said flatly.  
 She knew what to expect as she jostled about the docks, freight liners,
  and trucks. Late AM found her sitting at her garage awaiting her husband.  
 "Hi, Vicki." I said with excited anticipation. "I'm glad to see you made
  it home safely. Enjoy your trip?"  
 "Sure." Vicki said flatly knowing that it wasn't over quite yet. "The keys
  are in the mail&hellip; and should be here tomorrow." I stopped cold, sat on
  the crate itself and began to chuckle.  
 "What's so damn funny?!" Vicki near yelled. "I want out of here."  
 "We best get you into the house first." I left the crate outside. It, she,
  Vicki wasn't going anywhere just yet.  
 The side of the crate opened as easily as it closed. Vicki sat strapped
  in place. I took the hood off. She glared at me. "This is your fault!" She
  exclaimed. So I got the camera. A few pictures to remember this by was my idea.  
 "Yes. But you have arrived safely enough, right?"  
 "And it was an interesting trip, wasn't it?"  
 "Sure."  
 The mail arrived an hour after the crate&hellip; with a small package.  
Vicki, you did very well. I closed both deals.
      Oh, I sent the keys earlier&hellip; but what fun would that have been,
      right? See you next week. By the way is there some kind of renewal available
      with this deed?   
 "Damn him!" Vicki spat out. "Unlock me from here, please."  
 "Sure thing, Honey. And the renewal?" I asked almost in apology.  
 "Of course! What did you think I was going to say?"  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





