BDSM Library - Shannon's Ascension




Shannon's Ascension
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful college co-ed is hired for a very special modeling job that requires a gynecological exam and leads to her awakening her sexuality through bondage. Nipple clamps, water, a rack, and the most devilish "pear" are used on her tightly bound body in front of a live audience.&quot;Shannon's Ascension&quot;   
By Thomas Chaser   
(Skullchaser@yahoo.com)   
_________________   
The consultancy offices were easy to find - a modern one-story office building,
  well landscaped, with a handful of parking places near the entrance. Shannon
  didn't have a car since most of her daily needs were fulfilled by the university,
  so she walked the few short blocks to the offices. She entered the small lobby
  and went to the receptionist's station, a simple window cut into the side of
  the wall with a narrow shelf upon which rested a small silver bell. A textured
  plastic pane separated her from the persons on the other side of the wall.
  Shannon rang the bell and the frosted plastic panel slid back. A woman with
  blonde-hair and blue eyes, not much older than Shannon, looked up from her
  computer, &quot;Yes? May I help you?&quot;  
&quot;I'm Shannon McKinney. I'm here about the modeling assignment you advertised
  in the Daily Crier  ? The one about demonstrating items
  on a lecture tour?&quot;  
The woman looked at her quizzically &quot;I'm sorry, I'm afraid I don't &hellip; oh,
  wait &hellip; you must be looking for Annette. One moment and I'll get her.&quot; The
  panel slid closed and Shannon could hear voices emanating from the other side,
  first the receptionist's voice, and then another woman's voice, slightly deeper.
  After a moment, the door next to the panel opened and a woman, in her mid-forties
  and wearing a grey business skirt and jacket very similar to Shannon's, appeared. &quot;Hello,
  I'm Annette. I understand you're here about the modeling job?&quot;  
Shannon looked at the woman and said &quot;Yes, the advertisement said that
  it was mostly preparing demonstration materials.&quot; The woman laughed and
  replied, &quot;Right, that's the one. Not only will you be helping prepare
  the demonstrations, but you'll also be acting as scenery excitement. You know,
  adding some dazzle to the props, sort of like the models on game shows, you
  'sell the steak'&quot;, the woman explained and gestured with her hands, mimicking
  the flash of a camera. &quot;Normally we use the same girl for this, but our
  normal model, Caroline over there,&quot; Annette waved towards the receptionist, &quot;hurt
  her ankle recently and can't do the work. We didn't want to let her go so she's
  acting as our receptionist until her leg feels better and then she's going
  back on the lecture tour, so this will be a pretty short assignment.&quot; Cocking
  her head, Annette continued, &quot;Short-term assignment work is hard to fill.
  A lot of the girls the modeling agency sends over aren't suitable and the good
  ones tend to want longer employment commitments. I hope you didn't have any
  long-term expectations about this job.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, that's quite alright,&quot; Shannon replied, &quot;I'm eager to &hellip; well,
  really I'm just &hellip; well, I don't know what to say!&quot; Annette looked
  at her with quizzical concern. Shannon quickly added, &quot;I mean, I'm sure
  this is a wonderful job.&quot;  
Annette accepted her explanation and handed Shannon a clipboard. &quot;That's
  fine. Just complete these forms and return them to Caroline, then we'll give
  you a quick physical.&quot; Shannon looked at Annette, puzzled. Annette continued, &quot;Its
  just a formality. We require all of our employees to undergo a routine physical
  as part of the group insurance plan. Rather than pay another physician to do
  the work, we just do it ourselves and submit the paperwork to the insurance
  company. We also like to administer a drug test, but that usually takes awhile
  to get back from the lab, so given the urgency of this assignment I think we
  can let that slide this time.&quot; Nodding her head, Annette turned and disappeared
  down the hallway.  
Shannon completed the forms and gave the clipboard to Caroline. She smiled
  and gestured towards the hallway, &quot;Ok, just go through the door and wait
  in the first examination room on the right. The doctor should be here any minute
  and he can go ahead and give your physical today. You know, you're very lucky
  that you got this assignment and that you can get this preliminary stuff taken
  care of so quickly,&quot; Caroline chatted, still seated at her desk, &quot;When
  I took this job, I had to wait a week for the interview, and then two more
  weeks for the drug tests to come back from the lab. It's a pretty easy job,
  really, and it pays exceptionally well. And, this is a great way to get over
  any sort of jitters about speaking to an audience!&quot;  
&quot;Well,&quot; Shannon explained, returning Caroline's giggle, &quot;I've
  done some modeling work for friends but never anything professionally. I still
  have some reservations about whether I'm qualified for this or not."  
&quot;Well, trust me, this is a fantastic job,&quot; Caroline chirped, "and
  you should hold up well."  
Shannon walked the few steps to the door Annette had indicated and entered
  the room. It was like most medical exam rooms she'd been in. It was small,
  and in the center was a padded examination table with silver stirrups mounted
  at the corners, a small stool next to it, and a chair off to the side. Wooden
  cabinets lined the walls on the other side, with jars of cotton swabs, bandages,
  and tongue depressors sitting on top of the counter. Shannon was sitting in
  the chair when she heard the door open. Startled, she stiffened up quickly
  and straightened her jacket. A man entered the small room. &quot;Hello, Shannon,
  I'm Doctor Wellington.&quot;  
The man was in his late thirties and wore a dress shirt, tie, suit pants,
  and the ubiquitous white jacket that let everyone know he was a doctor. A stethoscope
  was draped around his neck. He extended his hand. &quot;I'm glad to meet you.
  I've been reading your forms and I just have a few more questions that I think
  this exam should answer.&quot; Shannon stood up and accepted his handshake.
  The doctor continued, &quot;If you'll remove your jacket and blouse, we'll
  go ahead and get started.&quot;  
Shannon unbuttoned her suit jacket, slid it off her shoulders, and folded
  it neatly, laying it on the chair next to the exam table. The doctor turned
  to the side and pulled open a drawer, withdrawing an inflatable cuff and bulb.
  Even though he was a doctor, Shannon felt just a bit embarrassed at the thought
  of placing her feet in those stirrups and exposing herself to a man she had
  only just met. &quot;Oh, don't be silly,&quot; she thought to herself, &quot;he's
  a doctor and its completely legitimate; besides, you're still wearing your
  bra.&quot;  
Slipping off her blouse and laying it on top of her jacket, Shannon took
  her place on the exam table and extended her left arm. The doctor slipped the
  cuff over her left bicep, inflating the inner tube. Shannon could feel the
  throbbing in her arm. The doctor took the readings, made a notation, and released
  the air from the cuff. &quot;Your blood pressure is very good. I saw on your
  forms that you exercise regularly. Congratulations because its paying off.&quot; The
  doctor smiled at her warmly and placed the ends of the stethoscope in his ears.
  He cradled the metal disk in his hands to warm it, then placed it against her
  chest. &quot;Breath normally for me, please. Ok, hold it. Now exhale. Good.&quot; He
  moved the disk to the other side and repeated the process, then did the same
  from the back. &quot;Excellent, you have good lungs, but I expected no less
  from a runner, of course.&quot; Shannon smiled at his compliment. &quot;Now,
  please remove your bra so that I can administer the breast exam.&quot;  
Shannon was startled, but again she chastised herself. It was common knowledge
  that women should receive regular breast exams, and he was a doctor, but she
  had never had one before. She unfastened the front clasp of her bra and slid
  it down her arms, folding it in half and placing it on her blouse and jacket.
  She could feel her nipples begin to harden, and in a slight fit of modesty,
  she held her elbows close to her sides, but stopped herself from raising her
  hands to cover herself - after all, this was perfectly normal - and instead
  folding them neatly in her lap. The doctor had his back turned to her while
  he wrote in her medical folder. &quot;In fact, why don't you go ahead and remove
  your skirt and shoes as well. I'll be performing an exam of your pubic region
  to monitor for STDs.&quot; Stunned, Shannon paused a moment, then laughed at
  herself for being such a prude. &quot;Is there a problem, Shannon?&quot; the
  doctor asked without turning from the folder. &quot;Hmm? No, I'm fine,&quot; she
  replied.  
&quot;Ok, please raise your left arm for me,&quot; the doctor said, turning
  towards her. Cradling her left breast in his palm, he squeezed softly, then
  probed along the edge of her pectoral muscle with his fingers. He stared intently
  at her left nipple, then traced a line with his finger around the circumference
  of her areola, watching it pucker. &quot;Good, you have good color. No signs
  of bruising or ruptures, and the nerves appear to be sufficiently sensitive.
  Now for the other side.&quot; Shannon blushed slightly. She hadn't expected
  him to touch her nipple like that.  
She had always thought her breasts were too small. During puberty, she had
  watched the other girls develop early and attract the attention of the hormone-driven
  boys, and with her slight build she had always felt inferior. She had compensated
  by joining the track team, to be with other girls whom she considered skinny,
  in an attempt to gain acceptance through sports. She had met most of her boyfriends
  through the track team, but inevitably they left her for girls that could fill
  out their letterman sweaters better. After entering college she had continued
  her training regimen and had matured into quite a stunning beauty, lean and
  toned with clear skin and dark brown hair. She had gained weight and she knew
  she had developed curves in all the right places, including a new bra size,
  but still she harbored a slight insecurity about herself, about her body. She
  had always managed to attract dancing partners at the fraternity parties but
  had allowed only a few boys to get very far with her despite their best efforts.
  And they did try hard. But the few times she had spoken with them about her
  fantasies had seemed to make the boys uneasy. A few guys had given it a good
  honest try, but the sex had been clumsy and certainly less fulfilling to Shannon
  than for the boys, and the relationships had never lasted.  
The doctor probed the pectoral line of her right breast, repeating his stimulation
  of her nipple, letting it pucker into a hard tip adorning the soft skin of
  her breast. &quot;Good, everything is perfectly healthy. You're in tip-top
  shape, Shannon.&quot; He smiled at her. She was beginning to loosen up, to
  feel more comfortable with him now. &quot;If you'll just lean back and put
  your feet in the stirrups, I'll begin the vaginal scan.&quot; This was the
  moment Shannon had dreaded. She had always felt uncomfortable with these types
  of examinations, knowing that soon the doctor would be focusing on the most
  intimate part of her body. On a few occasions with her previous doctors she
  had actually started to become aroused, and with her knees spread wide for
  the exam it was impossible to hide her wetness.  
Shannon lay back on the exam table, the paper crinkling under her back as
  it compressed into the padded foam lining. To help with the process, she spread
  her knees a bit. &quot;Ah, thank you. Just a bit more please,&quot; the doctor
  said calmly. She spread her legs until she could feel the resistance of her
  inner thighs. &quot;Everything appears to be ok so far, but I'm going to need
  to have a look at your cervix,&quot; he said, as he removed a pair of surgical
  gloves from his coat pocket. Shannon, trying to act as casually as she could,
  watched as he began to look at her sex.  
Wheeling the stool over, the doctor moved between her knees, bringing his
  face closer to her mound. She could feel his breath between her thighs and
  on her tummy. Softly, he parted the lips of her slit with his gloved fingers
  and inserted his thumbs to open her up. Shannon twitched with nervousness as
  he probed her mound, and she tried to calm herself by closing her eyes and
  taking easy, controlled breaths. Keeping her eyes closed, she pulled her arms
  back and locked her fingers behind her head, trying to act relaxed, as if she
  was by her dormitory's pool sunning herself. With her eyes closed, she couldn't
  see the doctor's appreciative glances at her body.  
She was trim, with a lean flat belly and strong legs of a runner. Her breasts,
  only slightly flattened from lying on her back, were firm and pale, and her
  nipples had been tugged into slight ovals as she had placed her hands behind
  her head. A naturally thin line of fur covered her sex, accentuating the slenderness
  of her body. Her straight brown hair, normally pulled back into a ponytail,
  was splayed around her head, framing the exquisite features of her face. The
  winter months had removed most of the tan lines of summer so that the triangle
  of her hips was only slightly paler than her legs. Her eyelashes fluttered
  nervously as the doctor continued to probe her mound. She could feel herself
  starting to get aroused by his expert touching, and she tried to fight it,
  trying to avoid possible embarrassment. The doctor, sensing her excitement,
  deliberately probed a bit deeper with his fingers. She was definitely starting
  to become aroused, and her nipples were so hard that they actually hurt. She
  twitched as the doctor found her g-spot, and the muscular lines of her stomach
  and thighs danced under the lights of the exam room. The doctor knew she was
  becoming hot and he continued to massage her, feeling the wetness building,
  before withdrawing his index finger.  
Shannon suddenly felt the cold steel surface of the speculum pressing against
  her labia and she gasped audibly as it was inserted within her. The unrelenting
  metal was very cold and the sudden pressure was almost painful. Unapologetic,
  the doctor moved the instrument within her tunnel, then turned the screw, opening
  her wide to his unrelenting gaze. He produced a small penlight and shone it
  down her snatch, her pubic hairs coming ablaze with wayward light. To Shannon,
  it seemed like an eternity, sitting there naked on the table, her knees spread
  wide while the man ran his fingers along her snatch and the cold steel instrument
  pressed against the walls of her tunnel, reaching deep inside her. She could
  feel herself becoming very, very moist and she knew the doctor could smell
  her arousal. She trembled at his touch, unable to control herself. If this
  lasted much longer&hellip;  
&quot;Ok, Ms. McKinney. I'm going to take a sample now. You may get a feeling
  of fullness and possibly some cramping. Let me know if it becomes too uncomfortable." Shannon
  smiled as she thought to herself, "the whole damn thing is uncomfortable!"  
The doctor reached for the spatula and inserted it into her body, slowly
  guiding it along the length of her pussy. She could feel the instrument as
  it brushed against her cervix and she spasmed reflexively. Her taut stomach
  muscles tightened as she fought her involuntary reaction. The doctor's manipulation
  of her body had triggered a reaction that she couldn't stop. She could feel
  the familiar warmth of arousal beginning to envelope her body.  
"Fine, fine, Ms. McKinney. Your vaginal canal is splendid. I'll conduct the
  bimanual exam now, but I want to leave the speculum in for a bit and take some
  measurements. Now, if you'll just relax, I'm going to check for proper ovarial
  development. This may hurt just a little."  
Shannon exhaled slowly, releasing the stress she was feeling from being exposed
  on the table to a complete stranger, but also to release some of her sexual
  tension.  
The doctor placed a hand over her vulva, then moved it up and pressed against
  the lower part of her belly, feeling for the slight resistance of her sex organs
  just below the skin. The doctor's other hand moved to the tiny lockscrew on
  the speculum and began to turn it, causing the jaws to separate a fraction
  with each turn. Shannon began to feel extremely full as the speculum increased
  its pressure on her vaginal wall, stretching her wide. She inhaled deeply,
  absorbing the pressure she was feeling in her pelvis, and arched her back,
  trying to accommodate the increasing size of the instrument buried deep within
  her. Suddenly she couldn't hold it any longer. "Ow Ow Ow Ow&hellip;.please&hellip;" she
  begged, wincing with pain from the pressure below.  
"Hold on, Shannon. Just relax and let yourself go. I need to leave you fully
  dilated for a moment so I can record the measurement." The doctor made some
  notations in the file and turned back to his patient.  
Suddenly Shannon felt something pressing against her puckered asshole. "Relax
  for me please, Ms. McKinney. I need to open you up to check your anal elasticity
  while your vagina is fully dilated. If you fight it, you'll just hurt yourself.
  Just relax and take it nice and easy for me," the doctor said in a low tone, "that's
  right, just relax&hellip; nice and easy&hellip;"  
Shannon tried to relax but the pressure in her vagina was very strong. She
  held herself up, her back arched to accommodate the speculum's expanding jaws,
  as the doctor forced his thumb into her anal opening. She winced as it slid
  in, unaccustomed to the feeling of something being inserted there. A boy had
  tried to poke her there once and he had learned a hard lesson afterwards. This
  was different. This was a man who was examining her body, for science and medicine.
  She could feel him moving around inside her; feeling him as he felt her from
  the inside out.  
"You've passed. Congratulations,&quot; the doctor said triumphantly, snapping
  the speculum closed, removing it from her, and peeling the gloves from his
  hands, &quot;You're in fine shape. You can go ahead and get dressed. I'll submit
  the forms to the insurance company this afternoon and Caroline will get you
  ready for the assignment. When you arrive tomorrow, Caroline should have your
  employment papers ready.&quot;  
&quot;Tomorrow?&quot; Shannon murmured, opening her eyes.  
&quot;Yes, I know it seems so fast, but I have a presentation tomorrow morning
  and I'll need you here first thing in order to get yourself prepared. Get here
  no later than 8 am for your wardrobe fitting. Caroline will have some clothes
  ready based on the measurements you provided on the application forms. You
  can dress casually if you like, since you'll be changing into our wardrobe
  anyway. Don't wear any make-up and keep your watch in your pocket. Try to avoid
  wearing anything with elastic - particularly underwear. Sometimes it can leave
  compression lines in your skin that don't synch up with the hemlines of the
  outfits. You'll have a pretty full day tomorrow so be sure to get plenty of
  rest tonight.&quot; The doctor collected the file folder and turned to exit
  the room.  
Shannon sat up and got down off the exam table. She could feel the moistness
  between her legs as she pulled on her panties and fastened her skirt. Not wanting
  to keep the doctor waiting, she didn't bother putting on her bra, instead she
  slipped it into her jacket pocket and fastened the buttons on the blouse, then
  draped the jacket over her left arm and followed the doctor out of the room.
  He turned the manila folder over to Caroline, who smiled and waved cheerfully
  at Shannon as she left the office. Wardrobe? Shannon liked the idea of wearing
  expensive suits that she didn't have to pay for. &quot;That wasn't so bad,&quot; she
  thought to herself, &quot;this could be the best job I'll ever have!&quot;  
Shannon was on cloud nine as she walked back to her dorm room. She noticed
  the furtive glances of the young men who stole peeks at her breasts, her hardened
  nipples pressed against the loose material of her blouse, and for the first
  time in her life she felt truly sexy. She smiled at any boy who happened to
  make eye contact with her, and she giggled when more than one glanced away
  in embarrassment at having been caught. &quot;I'm going to be a model!&quot; she
  thought to herself, embracing the notion that the former flat-chested wallflower
  that had been ignored by the boys back in high school was going to be given
  fabulous outfits to wear, was going to be the epitome of all of those boys'
  fantasies.  
It was late in the afternoon, just a little before her normal dinnertime,
  when she got back to her room but she was too excited to think about eating.
  She tried calling her best friend but she had already moved out of her dorm
  for the summer. Similar attempts to reach her other friends also proved fruitless,
  so she threw herself on her bed and rabbit-punched her pillows. &quot;This
  is ridiculous. I need to release this energy,&quot; she thought. Changing out
  of her best dress suit, she slipped on a pair of black tights and a jogging
  bra, pulled some low-cut socks over her feet and stepped into her running shoes
  for a quick run around the campus.  
The sun seemed brighter; the air seemed cleaner. All of her problems were
  going away and she felt terrific. A model! She couldn't believe it. She picked
  up her pace and gave a slight jump in the air. She punched her fists at the
  air. Her legs felt fresh and strong. Her heart raced as the sidewalk flowed
  under her feet, her hair bouncing with each step. She passed runners heading
  the other way. Before today, she would keep her eyes focused on the ground,
  afraid to make eye contact with the people coming at her, but now she kept
  her head up and smiled at each and every one of them. She was happy and she
  wanted people to know it.  
When she returned to her dorm, she noticed that the student parking lot had
  emptied drastically since the morning. The students had wasted little time
  in moving on with their lives, and in four more days, at the completion of
  the graduation ceremony, Shannon would be moving on with hers. Her answering
  machine's message light was blinking frantically, but she ignored it and instead
  peeled off her running clothes. Turning the handles of the faucets, she waited
  for the hot water to start flowing and caught a glimpse of herself in the bathroom
  mirror. She straightened up and placed a hand on her hip, turning to the side,
  judging her profile, then turning around and looking over her shoulder at her
  backside. She had never really noticed her body before. She had always considered
  herself to be average-looking, if a bit on the slender side, but now she saw
  herself differently. Where before once stood a skinny little girl now stood
  a lithe young woman. She turned to the front, looking at the way her toned
  legs merged into her hips and tummy. She lifted her arms, watching them tug
  at the mounds of her breasts. She cupped her left breast in her hand and let
  her thumb rub her nipple, then ran her other hand across the lower part of
  her belly, tracing a line across her hips, imagining it to be a lover's touch.
  Her fingers found the tangled forest of her mound of Venus and she let a fingernail
  rasp against the opening of her snatch, tickling her slightly.  
She remembered the doctor's exam and how she had become aroused as he had
  prodded her. It had seemed so routine and he had been so nonchalant about probing
  her, just a matter-of-fact process. Perfectly appropriate. But why had she
  been so stimulated by him? She didn't know, and she didn't care. Her finger
  pushed closer, and she imagined it to be Doctor Wellington's gloved thumb pressing
  deeper into her. She spread her legs a bit more and leaned back, resting her
  shoulders against the cool tiles of the shower stall, and watched herself in
  the mirror as she slipped first one, then another finger into her slit.  
A fingernail found her clit and soon she was twitching as her fingers rubbed
  the small head. Her other hand cupped and fondled her breasts as the fingers
  buried in her snatch increased the tempo of their stroke to a frantic pace.
  She could feel the heat building in her loins, the warm glow of her impending
  orgasm and imagined that she was in the exam room, open and exposed to the
  doctor's touch. Her heart was beating rapidly and her breath was coming in
  short, quick gasps as waves of pleasure rippled from her sex. She looked at
  her reflection; the sight of her nude, her nipples hard and proud, a hand between
  her thighs, a sheen of sweat glistening on her forehead, chest, and hips, was
  intoxicating. Her stomach muscles twitched as she worked towards her climax,
  her legs struggling to maintain balance against the tiled wall.  
Just then a door slammed down the hall, causing her to jump with surprise,
  interrupting her dreams and machinations. Even this late in the day, students
  were still packing their things and leaving the building for the summer. She
  noticed steam clouds drifting out of the shower tub as she started to come
  down from the heights of her arousal. &quot;Oh, stop it!&quot; she thought
  to herself. &quot;There will be plenty of time for that later.&quot; She tested
  the water temperature and adjusted the knobs, then stepped into the water flow
  and lathered up. The water felt warm and she could feel her muscles relaxing
  slightly as her blood vessels adjusted to the heat. She lathered up her hair
  and let the soap cascade off her shoulders. She folded her arms across her
  chest, catching the water and forming a pool between her breasts, then releasing
  the water and letting it fall with a big splash on the bottom of the stall.
  She quickly soaped up her legs and torso, then finished with her arms and face.
  When she had rinsed the suds off of her body, she stepped out of the shower
  and grabbed a towel, dabbling at the beads of water clinging to her skin, then
  wrapped the towel around her chest and entered her tiny dorm room.  
Sitting on the chair at her desk, she pressed the answering machine's message
  playback button. Most of the calls were from her friends wishing her a good
  vacation, telling her about the deadline to drop off her hall key, or their
  fabulous vacation plans, a few were from boys she knew wishing her the best
  of luck for the summer, but one was from Caroline.  
&quot;Hi, Shannon. This is Caroline from Dr. Wellington's office. I just
  wanted you to know that I sent off your paperwork to the insurance company
  this afternoon and we should have your employment card back sometime tomorrow.
  We may not have it in time for the presentation tomorrow afternoon, but don't
  worry about it because you'll already be registered as an employee of the consultancy
  so there shouldn't be any problems if you happen to get hurt for some reason.
  Don't worry about a thing; you're going to love this job. I have so much fun
  when I do it, but I turned my ankle a couple of days ago doing something really
  stupid. Ugh, I don't want to talk about it. Well, maybe I'll tell you about
  it after the presentation,&quot; Caroline let out a giggle, &quot;This is so
  great! I feel like you're my little sister. You're going to have so much fun.
  Listen, take my advice and get lots of sleep tonight and for tomorrow - I don't
  know if the doctor mentioned it or not - don't wear any underwear because sometimes
  the elastic can leave marks on your skin and ruin the presentation. Don't wear
  any makeup and just keep your hair straight, no gel or anything. I looked at
  your charts (I hope you don't mind) and you seem to be in great shape. I think
  you'll hold up really well, particularly since this will be your first time
  and the doctor usually goes a little easier on his models when they're just
  starting out. Oh, and don't wear socks either because the band can leave a
  ring around your ankles. Sometimes that matters, sometimes it doesn't. It depends
  on how the presentation is set up. I usually just wear a pair of slip-on sneakers
  with jeans and a t-shirt. Real casual stuff. We'll have your work clothes ready
  for fitting tomorrow morning. Ok? See you tomorrow!&quot;  
Caroline's enthusiasm wasn't lost on Shannon. Shannon was still trying to
  come down off of her emotional high and Caroline's message didn't make it any
  easier. Shannon looked out her dorm room window at the people making their
  way along the street in the growing darkness and thought about how quickly
  things had changed for her. For once she felt like things were going her way,
  that the world was her oyster. She chastised herself, &quot;oh, don't be such
  a silly little girl. You sound like a giggly teenager.&quot; She opened up
  her mini-fridge and pulled out a cup of yogurt. She didn't like to miss a full
  meal, but she still didn't have much of an appetite. She was too nervous, too
  excited, and still a little too aroused to think about food.  
She placed the empty yogurt container in the trash, washed the spoon and
  laid it in the dish dryer, then unraveled the towel from around her chest and
  used it to dry her hair. She walked across the room towards her bathroom, naked,
  and for the first time she didn't care if anyone saw her through the window
  or not. She plugged in the gun-shaped blow dryer and began to let the jet toss
  her hair. On a whim, she pointed the dryer at her chest, feeling the warm air
  sweep across her breasts, enjoying the feeling as the air tickled her nipples.
  She waved the dryer over her belly, giggling at the sensation, then tentatively
  aimed the barrel at her mound, letting the warm air brush against the thin
  slit of soft fur. A pleasurable gasp escaped her lips as the heat wafted across
  her body.  
She couldn't hold the dryer there for too long or it would start to feel
  uncomfortable as the warm air began to burn her skin. She wondered if that
  was how it felt to be burned at the stake, like the Christian martyrs and the
  witches. She held the blow dryer just below her slit, pointing up like the
  flames from a bonfire, focusing it on one spot, and waited to see how long
  she could endure the burning pain. It wasn't long. &quot;You're such a wimp,&quot; she
  said to no one in particular.  
She set the dryer down and rubbed some moisturizer on her face. She still
  couldn't believe that she was going to be a model, that she would be posing
  in front of a live audience and demonstrating products. She picked up the blow
  dryer and held it sideways in front of her and looked at herself in the mirror. &quot;This
  is the Model XT2000, the leader in blow dryer technology!&quot; she exclaimed,
  studying herself in the mirror. &quot;Well,&quot; she said disappointingly, &quot;hopefully
  I won't have to do any speaking.&quot;  
She unplugged the blow dryer and placed it back in its hook, then she brushed
  her teeth and rubbed lotion on her hands, flipping the light switch off with
  her elbow as she continued to work the hand lotion into her skin. Still nude,
  she decided not to put anything on before easing underneath the covers of her
  bed. If she was going to be working first thing in the morning, she didn't
  want to risk having lines on her skin from the night before. Then she thought
  about the possibility of the sheets leaving lines. What a conundrum! She decided
  that if she slept on top of the bed, then only half of her body would be touching
  the fabric and that would reduce the risk of sheet marks sufficiently.  
She had never tried to sleep nude, at least not since her childhood, and
  lying on top of the bedcovers now made her feel like she was exposed. She lay
  there, feeling her heart beating softly, the night air cooling her skin, causing
  every nerve in her body to come alive with sensation. She thought about the
  day's events, about the interview, the examination, and Caroline's phone message.
  What did Caroline mean about Shannon being able to hold up well? And what a
  strange choice of words to use together. &quot;Hold up well&quot;. It sounded
  like something that belonged in one of those horror movies, where the heroine
  is bound and tortured while the hero tries to rescue her. Shannon stretched
  her arms over her head &quot;Oh yes, rescue me!&quot; she cried out loud, then
  laughed at her joke, clasping her arms over her chest and rolling onto her
  side. &quot;I'm going to be naked and open all night,&quot; she said aloud, &quot;who
  is going to come and rescue me?&quot; Giggling again, she rolled onto her back
  and stretched her arms out over her head, each wrist bound by imaginary straps
  to the corners of her bed. Likewise, she spread her legs wider, so that her
  ankles pointed towards the corners at the foot of her bed. &quot;I'm going
  to stay like this all night, like a prisoner,&quot; she moaned dramatically, &quot;like
  a prisoner of the Inquisition!&quot;  
She held herself there, stretched out on her bed, the shadows of the windowpanes
  painting bars across her naked torso. She lifted her head and looked at her
  body displayed so openly, the muscles of her stomach tightening from the exertion.
  God, she felt so sexy, so beautiful. She could only imagine what she would
  look like to her imagined tormentor and his evil henchmen. Would they have
  their way with her before torturing her? Or would they torture her first and
  then rape her? She smiled. It didn't matter. She tried to make herself relax
  but she was still too worked up. Her hand wandered across her chest, rolling
  and squeezing her nipples until they puckered up, firm and hard. Her fingers
  danced across the flat expanse of her tummy, drifting across her hips until
  they rested in the dark tangle of her bush. She brushed the back of her fingernail
  across the opening of her slit, feeling the nail's smooth texture against her
  flesh, then inserted her finger into her snatch, probing softly. She brought
  her knees up slightly and raised her hips, welcoming her touch.  
&quot;No! Don't do it like this,&quot; she thought to herself, &quot;you
  are a prisoner of the Inquisition, and prisoners aren't supposed to enjoy their
  captivity.&quot; She laughed softly at her fantasy. &quot;Well, its obvious
  I can't trust myself.&quot; Getting up from the bed, she pulled out four thigh-high
  stockings, tying one to each corner of the bed. Leaning forward, she tied her
  ankles to the legs of the bed, then lay back down to position herself in the
  middle of the mattress. Satisfied that she was more or less in the middle of
  the small bed, she reached up and tied the stockings on the headboard into
  loops. Pulling herself towards the headboard until she felt the tension of
  the stockings around her ankles, she inserted her hands into the loops of material
  over her head and twirled her wrists, wrapping the stockings around her wrists
  until they felt snug and she was certain that she wouldn't accidentally work
  herself loose during the night. Her binding done, she looked at herself again,
  at the shadows crisscrossing her body, her hips, her sex. Her nipples were
  still erect and she could feel the moistness collecting between her legs. &quot;Perhaps,&quot; she
  thought to herself whimsically, &quot;some kind sir will free me from my prison.&quot; Turning
  her head away from the window, she closed her eyes and drifted off to a restless
  sleep.  
Shannon awoke with a start. It was still dark and her hands were tingling.
  The orange glow of the clock next to her showed that only an hour had passed
  since she had bound herself to the bed, spread-eagled. She tugged at the bonds
  holding her wrists to the bedposts, turning her hands to unwind the looped
  stockings. Groggily, she pulled herself up and bent down to the knotted stockings
  holding her legs apart. She tugged at the material with her numbed fingers
  until her ankles were freed. She flexed her hands, letting the blood circulate
  back into them. She felt the familiar pressure on her bladder and got out of
  the bed and went to the bathroom. The sudden light hurt her eyes, causing her
  to blink reflexively. As she emptied herself, she looked at her wrists. If
  the material was tight enough to cut off her circulation, then perhaps it was
  tight enough to leave seams in her skin. She rotated her wrists, looking at
  them front and back, and was relieved to see only one noticeable indentation. &quot;Stupid,
  stupid, stupid,&quot; she scolded herself, &quot;it would be just like me to
  throw away a great assignment for one silly fantasy.&quot; Finished with her
  toilet business, she wiped herself and flushed the commode, then turned off
  the light and collapsed back into the bed.  
The next morning, Shannon left for the office a bit early, dressed in jeans,
  a simple t-shirt, and shoes. Per Caroline's advice, she wasn't wearing a bra,
  nor panties, nor socks. Shannon had never let herself go out in public without
  underwear and it felt different to be walking about the town that way, without
  the usual binding of the elastic across her shoulders, chest, and hips. She
  felt comfortable, but uncomfortable at the same time, as if she were walking
  around naked in public. She wondered if the morning sun was illuminating the
  silhouette of her torso through the thin cotton shirt, but there were few people
  out that early in the morning so she tried not to be too concerned about it.  
Entering the office lobby, she was greeted by Caroline who was dressed in
  a tight-fitting business skirt and light blouse. Caroline gave her a smile
  and said, &quot;Annette and Doctor Wellington are going straight to the auditorium
  this morning to get the stage set up, so it will just be you and I for the
  moment. I've got your wardrobe in the back room. C'mon, let's get you dressed!&quot;  
The two girls walked past the receptionist desk and down the short hall to
  an unmarked door. Caroline turned the handle and, as she entered the room,
  flipped the light switch. It was a small room, not much bigger than the examination
  room Shannon had been in the previous day, and various odds and ends were pushed
  up against the wall. Along the far wall was a clothing rack, containing a hodge-podge
  of vests, jackets, dresses, pants, and such, and each article was covered with
  a thin plastic bag. &quot;Today's presentation will focus on the medieval period,
  so let's see if we can find you something appropriate,&quot; Caroline said,
  thumbing through the rack of clothing and pulling out a simple white cotton
  garment, &quot;Ah, here's a night shirt that should fit you. Go ahead and try
  this on and I'll see if I can find a vest and a skirt to go with it.&quot;  
Shannon looked for a door to a dressing room and, not seeing one, quickly
  slipped off her shoes and pulled off her jeans, draping them over the top of
  a cardboard box nearby, then lifted off her t-shirt and placed it over the
  jeans. As she stood naked in the room, she noticed her reflection in the three-sided
  mirror next to the rack, and became aware of her nudity and how odd it felt
  to be naked while Caroline was fully clothed. She found herself gazing at the
  curves of Caroline's body, at the way the line of muscle in Caroline's thighs
  accentuated the curve of her hips and ass. Caroline was a little taller than
  Shannon and bore slightly larger proportions, with fuller breasts and wider
  hips, a near-perfect match to the sketches of fertility goddesses Shannon had
  studied in class. It brought back memories of her days in high school when,
  after gym class, the girls were forced to take showers before returning to
  class and Shannon had compared her body to those of the more developed girls.
  She had endured a terrible teasing by some of them.  
Caroline noticed Shannon's gaze and moved next to her. &quot;Its ok. You
  look wonderful,&quot; she cooed, placing her hand on the naked girl's shoulder
  and turning her a bit, &quot;you should be proud.&quot; Shannon smiled at the
  compliment and took one last look, then continued fumbling with the costume.
  As she slipped on the nightshirt, Caroline produced two more pieces of clothing:
  a simple green vest and a matching skirt. The vest was stiff, more like a corset,
  and fit around her midsection so that the nightshirt was all that covered Shannon's
  arms and chest. The corset pulled the shirt tight across Shannon's breasts,
  the material feeling rough against her unprotected nipples. The skirt wrapped
  around her waist and fell to the middle of her shins, with the nightshirt acting
  as a petticoat. Shannon turned and faced the three-sided mirror next to the
  rack and Caroline stood beside her, adjusting the hem of the shirt and dress. &quot;Well,&quot; Shannon
  said disappointingly, &quot;its not Donna Karan.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, don't sound so sad,&quot; Caroline remarked, &quot;you'll only
  be wearing it for a short time today. Just be glad you didn't have to dress
  as a Roman slave like I did last week! I felt absolutely exposed!&quot; Caroline
  fumbled in the rack and pulled out a dress, holding it up to her chest so that
  Shannon could visualize it properly. The dress' neckline was deeply cut, so
  that it fell just below Caroline's bust line, exposing her breasts. Gold trim
  crisscrossed the hem and wrapped around the waist, and there were no sleeves.
  The hemline for the skirt was high on her legs. Shannon laughed at the ridiculous
  outfit. &quot;Oh, my God! You didn't really have to wear that, did you? Tell
  me you wore a top!&quot; Shannon exclaimed. Caroline laughed, &quot;A top?
  Oh, no! If I had, then it would have affected the performance and Dr. Wellington
  would've had my hide! Its not so bad, really, and afterwards you'll realize
  that there's nothing to be ashamed of. After you've done a few of these, you'll
  get used to it.&quot;  
Shannon began to feel a little alarmed. "There's nudity involved? Nothing
  was mentioned to me about that!"  
"Oh, don't worry about it. They may have something different planned for
  you. And besides, it was kind of fun being up there in the spotlight, letting
  a bunch of strangers look, but, " Caroline said, waving a finger, " don't touch!" Caroline
  giggled and continued fumbling with Shannon's dress.  
Shannon looked again at herself in the mirror and liked the way the corset
  made her breasts more pronounced. &quot;I think you make a wonderful peasant
  girl,&quot; Caroline chimed, &quot;you can leave your things here. I'll lock
  the office when I take you up to the auditorium so your stuff will be safe.&quot; Caroline
  glanced at her watch. &quot;Oh! We're going to be late! Hurry up, let's go!&quot;  
&quot;What about shoes?&quot; Shannon asked.  
&quot;Don't worry about shoes. You won't need them. C'mon!&quot;  
The girls climbed into Caroline's car and they drove through the wakening
  city to the performing arts auditorium. Shannon noticed that there were quite
  a few cars in the parking lot, a number of them with out of state license plates.
  Several others were obviously from a rental car fleet. Caroline pulled around
  to the side of the building where Annette was waiting and Shannon climbed out
  of the car. &quot;Good morning!&quot; Annette beamed, &quot;I'm glad you made
  it! You're just in time. We have an exceptionally large audience this morning,
  so please don't be scared. I'm a nervous wreck and I hope it doesn't rub off
  on you.&quot;  
Annette pushed Shannon through the stage door and waved Caroline off. &quot;We've
  gotten everything set up and the doctor has already started his presentation.
  I'm sorry we didn't have a chance to rehearse yesterday but we had a number
  of other things to focus on so we took a chance that you would be able to handle
  the pressure of the opening of your first show. How do you feel? Did you get
  a good night's sleep like I told you to?&quot; Annette looked at Shannon, who
  nodded her head noncommittally. &quot;Ok, now, when the doctor calls your name,
  all you need to do is walk across the stage and stand next to him. Then, simply
  follow his lead and he'll take over from there.&quot;  
Just then, they both heard the doctor say, &quot;Gentlemen, may I present
  today's participant.&quot;  
&quot;That's you, dear,&quot; Annette said, pushing Shannon towards the stage
  curtain, &quot;break a leg!&quot;  
Shannon parted the curtains and walked across the front of the stage. Bright
  lights blinded her, but she knew better than to raise her hands. She reminded
  herself that she was supposed to be a professional! She walked confidently
  across the stage, concentrating on keeping a good posture, her gaze never leaving
  the doctor until she stood next to him, her bare feet leaving spotted prints
  on the dusty stage floor.  
Taking Shannon's elbow, the doctor addressed the audience. &quot;The Inquisition
  was one of the most significant events of the early 13 th  century,
  and can be considered a direct result of the opening of trade routes to the
  eastern kingdoms and the flow of ideas that accompanied the flood of goods
  through Italy and Spain and into France and Germany shortly after the Crusades.
  Some of these ideas took hold amongst the fertile grounds of the grass-roots
  pagan religions and soon posed a threat to the Catholic Church as it competed
  for the spirituality of the people, as well as the wealth and power of the
  local leaders. As the strength of the Church grew and the role of the local
  lords and kings as communal leaders decreased, the Church's wealth and influence
  brought it into the political arena, and soon it controlled the laws of the
  land, including the ability to arrest heretics for crimes against the canons
  of the Church and to conduct interrogations to determine suitable punishments.&quot;  
&quot;Typically, an interrogation began with the simple arrest of the suspected
  heretic and the subject would be brought before the inquisitor for questioning.
  If the subject resisted, or if the statements given weren't trustworthy, then
  the second level of the interrogation would begin: the threatening of the subject
  with torture. The key tool at this stage was the subject's imagination, and
  imagined pain can be more coercive than actual pain. If the subject still didn't
  cooperate, then he or she would be elevated to the third level of the interrogation
  - being shown the actual instruments to be used against them.&quot;  
With that, the doctor turned as stage lights snapped on and illuminated several
  large pieces of equipment behind them. Shannon turned and was shocked at what
  she saw. She recognized several of the artifacts from book illustrations about
  castle dungeons. On the far left of the stage was an upright stock designed
  to force its captive to remain standing. On the far right were a pair of heavy
  wooden crosses, upright and turned at a slight angle towards each other. In
  the center of the stage were two instruments of torture; a heavy wooden bench
  with stout legs and a single drum, with ropes lying loosely at the foot of
  the bench and dangling from the drum, and a giant wheel, similar to a wagon
  wheel but larger and with a thicker rim that had leather bonds attached to
  it.  
Waving his arm to each piece, like the ringmaster in a circus, the doctor
  addressed the audience. &quot;Stocks, for holding prisoners, were also used
  to secure victims for torture, but the preferred tool for the use of non-deadly
  force was the rack. There was no single design, but rather variations on the
  theme. This particular model is a composite of designs that were used in Europe
  over a period of 200 years. The Romans are credited with the initial development
  of a rack-like device and its design evolved as the level of technology improved.
  Variations exist even today, but it is the Inquisition with which it is more
  closely associated. Some models used wooden slats or rollers instead of a single
  wooden bench, some used ropes instead of rollers, others featured two drums
  at each end, but they all had the same intent - to bring a prisoner beyond
  their pain threshold but short of causing death. If a prisoner were to be executed,
  they would typically be broken on the wheel or crucified. Fortunately for Shannon
  here, we won't be using those last two methods today.&quot; A low rumble of
  laughter emanated from the audience. &quot;Last week we saw what the stocks
  could do, so today we'll be demonstrating the rack.&quot;  
Shannon whirled around and looked at the doctor, realizing what was about
  to happen. &quot;No!&quot; she shrieked, trying to pull away. &quot;Calm down,
  now, easy&quot;, the doctor whispered, &quot;I won't hurt you. All you need
  to do is follow my lead and go along with it. Its called 'acting'.&quot;  
Frightened, with her heart beating furiously in her chest, Shannon remained
  in place on the stage. The doctor moved behind her and began fumbling with
  the drawstring of her skirt. Still recovering from the initial shock, she held
  her position and stared into the blinding light, not certain what to do as
  her skirt fell to the floor. Reflexively, she stepped out of it as the doctor
  worked on the laces holding the vest around her torso, which soon joined the
  skirt on the floor. Quickly, the doctor tugged at the knot holding the neck
  hole of the nightshirt together and began lifting the bottom of the long shirt
  over Shannon's waist. She pushed down with her hands, stopping the shirt from
  being raised higher than her hips. She had never taken her clothes off in public
  and was reluctant to start now.  
&quot;Remember, this is part of the show,&quot; the doctor growled in her
  ear. Shannon paused a moment, weighing her options. She thought about Caroline's
  words, that it only seemed bad in the beginning. Closing her eyes, she relaxed
  her arms and allowed the doctor to lift the dress up and add it to the pile
  of clothes at her feet. Shannon was now completely nude, holding her left arm
  across her chest and the other across her hips to protect her modesty. Posing
  nude in front of strangers was certainly not something she wanted to do. She
  knew she wouldn't be able to remain like that for long, but she was determined
  not to surrender her body to the audience so soon.  
The doctor turned Shannon around so that her back was to the crowd, giving
  the unseen eyes a clear view of her well-toned legs and lithe body. Sensing
  the admiration of the audience, he tugged at Shannon's bent elbow, guiding
  her towards the rack as she stumbled clumsily across the dark stage, her straight
  brown hair flowing behind her. The doctor seated her on the machine with her
  feet pointed towards the end of the bench and slipped knotted loops of thick
  rope around her ankles, spreading her legs so that they were held the full
  width of the bench. He then pushed her back, indicating that she should lie
  down. Shannon hesitated a moment, then lay back. She suspected what he intended
  to do to her, but she wasn't sure how far he'd go. Was he sincere when he said
  he wouldn't hurt her? She didn't know, but at the same time she knew she didn't
  want to quit. This was her Inquisition fantasy come true, only there was nobody
  here to rescue her.  
She remembered Caroline's words, that she should hold up well; or rather,
  that she should hold up well to whatever the doctor had in store for her. She
  remembered her fantasy from the previous night, of being held captive and made
  to confess. The thought of it excited her, but that was a fantasy, it wasn't
  real, and certainly wasn't something she had wanted to be revealed to a group
  of strangers. She clung to the fantasy; if it wasn't real, then maybe she wouldn't
  be afraid of him, or of the experience. She vowed to resist him as best she
  could, for as long as she could. She would defeat him and her fears.  
When she was fully reclined, he lifted her by her armpits and pulled her
  up towards the drum to take the slack out of the ropes that held her feet.
  He then grasped a length of looped rope from the drum over her head and moved
  to slip it over her right wrist. She reluctantly lifted her hand, momentarily
  giving the audience a brief glimpse of her mound. She twitched slightly as
  the rope brushed against her bare hip and came to rest against the thin fur
  covering her sex. The doctor then grabbed the other length of looped rope from
  the drum and slipped it over Shannon's other hand, pulling at the knot until
  it was securely fastened around her left wrist. He checked the knotted loop
  around her right wrist and moved towards the drum. Shannon lay on the rack,
  nude, bound to the evil device, afraid of what the doctor might do to her yet
  also curious to discover if she had the strength to see it through to the end.  
The doctor continued his presentation. &quot;Once more the prisoner would
  be put to the question and be given a chance to confess or surrender whatever
  knowledge the officials wanted. If the heretic were to confess, a scribe would
  dutifully record her statements and only after her statement was complete would
  she be released from the machine. Shannon, do you have anything to confess?&quot; Shannon
  gave a slight shake of her head, trying to play along with doctor's act. &quot;Very
  well then. We'll progress to the next stage of the interrogation.&quot;  
Shannon shuddered nervously as the doctor began to spin the windlass of the
  machine, the spool taking in the rope binding Shannon's wrists. She felt the
  rope tugging at her right wrist, the one covering her mound, first since it
  was the one furthest from the spool. She tried to hold her hand over her sex
  as long as she could, but she knew it was only a matter of time before her
  snatch was revealed to the audience. Choking back a low sob, she allowed her
  hand to be lifted away from her hips and drawn across her torso. She heard
  the sounds of people shifting in their seats as the rope was wound over the
  spool, and she could feel their gaze on her private region, its pale skin bared
  for all to see. The drum rotated, the rope continuing to be drawn up as she
  held her left arm across her chest, hiding her nipples that had already begun
  to harden with anticipation. Soon the rope holding her left wrist felt the
  tug of the machine and her arms were pulled over her head, revealing the round
  curves of her breasts to the crowd.  
She was now stretched on the rack, bound nude and exposed to the audience
  who sat in the darkened auditorium, the only sound being the rasping of the
  doctor's breath as he spun the windlass. She could sense the titillation of
  the crowd as they studied her body on display before them, the stage lighting
  giving her skin a warm glow and illuminating the tuft of hair between her legs.
  The lines of muscle in her thighs stood out under the light as she flexed her
  legs nervously. Her lean tummy curled slightly as she shifted on the rack.
  Her arms, tugged up over her head, pulled at her breasts, turning the areolas
  into soft brown ovals as the stalks of her nipples rose to greet the cool air
  of the stage. She could feel her heart beating strongly inside her; could hear
  her breath as it passed across her parted lips. The bright light was directly
  overhead and she turned her head to the side, away from the crowd, trying to
  shield her eyes with the upper part of her right arm.  
The doctor secured the windlass and moved behind the rack, then lifted a
  tray upon which lay various tools and instruments and strode to the front of
  the stage. Tilting the tray, the doctor presented the instruments to the audience. &quot;Clamps
  for crushing the victim's most sensitive tissues; wire for tying up a man's
  testicles; various pins and needles for puncturing skin, and,&quot; the doctor
  said, lifting a round object into the air so that the crowd could get a better
  view, &quot;the pear, used for extending vaginal and anal openings.&quot; The
  doctor turned a screw and the object split into thirds, like a piece of fruit
  as its cored, the ends revealing sharp claws as a threaded bolt running through
  the center of the evil instrument spread the pieces wider. &quot;The talons
  on this model were designed for ripping and tearing the victim's inner tissues,
  and could be very effective at extracting confessions, as you'll see in a moment.&quot; Shannon
  shivered at the sound of his speech. Surely he wouldn't use such an evil device
  on her. She had cooperated with him, had followed his instructions. Perhaps
  it was just simple theatrics. She tried to not think about it, about what such
  a thing could do to a human being. She quivered slightly, bound naked and helpless,
  her thighs widely parted and vulnerable to his touch, her breasts exposed and
  inviting.  
The doctor set the tray down behind the rack, out of Shannon's visual range,
  and grasped the handle of the windlass. Slowly, deliberately, he turned the
  wheel, drawing the rope across the drum. Shannon could feel the pull on her
  arms and inhaled deeply, waiting for the stretching of her body. She imagined
  herself at the hands of the unseen torturer of her fantasy, a damsel held captive
  in an evil castle, awaiting her handsome prince. A clasp on the windlass ticked
  off the notches as the toothed gear rotated on the drum. Tick. Tick. Tick.
  Tick. The pull was increasing steadily, unrelenting, tugging at her arms, lifting
  her wrists up off the bench. Even as she felt the machine drawing her out,
  she could feel the sweat beginning to form on her brow and below her breasts,
  and her pulse began to quicken as she anticipated what was about to happen.
  Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. She could feel the pressure on her arms, the ropes
  tightening on her wrists, prevented from moving farther by the wide part of
  her hands. Tick. Tick. Her whole body was beginning to feel the pressure now
  and she squirmed on the bench as the pull increased on her nude body. Her nipples
  rose and fell with her breathing as she readied herself for punishment about
  to be inflicted on her. Tick. Tick. She could feel the sweat beading on her
  brow and she knew her whole body was starting to glisten from the force exerted
  upon her. She felt the warmth beginning to build in her breasts and between
  her thighs as her body betrayed her fantasy. Tick. She breathed deeply and
  let the air escape slowly, feeling her ribs starting to push against the taut
  skin of her torso. Tick. Her hands were beginning to tingle. Pulled up that
  way, she wondered if they were turning purple from the lack of circulation.
  Her breathing quickened, her heart pounded in her chest. Tick. She breathed
  heavily in her distress as the doctor worked the mechanism. He wanted Shannon
  to cry out, wanted her to surrender. All she had to do was cry out, to make
  a confession, and he would stop.  
Shannon could feel the rope tightening around her wrists. She opened her
  eyes to look at the doctor, a quick glance to see what he was doing. Tick.
  She closed her eyes, an image burned into her mind's eye; him, both hands on
  the windlass, pushing inexorably against her body's resistance. She could smell
  the sweat forming on her arms and the moistness beginning to build in her loins.
  Tick. Panting heavily, she fought back the fear that threatened to consume
  her. Her shoulders were being lifted from the bench, joining the steady march
  of her body towards the drum. She winced as the first tingles of pain trickled
  down her arms. Tick. Her back, slick with perspiration, loosened its grip on
  the dark wood of the bench. She buried her mouth against her arm, her breath
  hot and fast with pain. Tick. Her hands were really tingling now, growing numb
  from the grip of the ropes around her wrists. She gasped and squirmed as her
  back started to lift away from the bench. Tick. She could feel the tension
  in her lower spine, could feel the vertebra straining against the pull of the
  rack as her torso was pulled into the dark air of the auditorium. Tick. She
  turned her head from side to side, the pain building as her pale body was lifted
  from the bench and she was completely suspended above the rack, her feet prevented
  from moving by the thick ropes around her ankles. Her breath came in quick,
  rapid gasps as she fought to control the pain welling up inside of her. Her
  chest heaved, her nipples rising and falling with each hard-fought breath as
  she hung above the stage, the spotlight illuminating her tortured muscles.
  Sweat glistened along the full length of her body and matted her hair and she
  could feel the labor of her lungs as she gasped for air.  
Tick. The doctor had cruelly taken her one more notch, had pushed her to
  her limits, tested her. She inhaled deeply, agonized, trying to absorb the
  pain, but it was too much and a cry escaped from somewhere deep in her throat.
  She'd had enough. Her threshold had been reached. The doctor released the tension
  of the windlass slowly, gently easing the body of the crying girl back down
  onto the bench, but kept enough pressure on her tortured limbs such that she
  couldn't move. Locking the windlass, the doctor once more strode to the front
  of the stage, leaving the panting, sweating girl bound to the rack.  
&quot;Often, a subject would pass out during the questioning and would need
  to be revived. The usual method was to rub nettles against the victim's skin,
  causing a terrible itching. Another method was to douse them with ice cold
  water.&quot; With that, he suddenly produced a pail from a darkened corner
  of the stage and tossed its contents towards Shannon's bound body. She watched
  with horror and fascination as the water arced through the air like a crystalline
  dragon, its full contents landing with a solid smack against her skin. She
  opened her mouth and inhaled deeply from the shock of it, gasping and sputtering
  as the water mixed with her sweat, cooling her body. She shook her head, trying
  to clear the liquid from her eyes. As the harsh coldness subsided and her rapidly-beating
  heart slowed, she could feel her muscles relaxing.  
The doctor paused, letting Shannon recover from the ordeal of the stretching,
  then picked up the tray of terrible instruments.  
&quot;Once the inquisitors were satisfied that a particular torture had reached
  its maximum effectiveness, new methods were applied,&quot; the doctor announced
  to the crowd, &quot;and the standard procedure was to focus on the generation
  of localized pain.&quot; Selecting two small C-shaped instruments from the
  tray, the doctor held them up to the spotlight, &quot;clamps, for crushing
  a woman's nipples.&quot;  
Shannon watched as the doctor walked towards her, holding the two cruel pieces
  of metal in his hands. The cold water had stimulated her nipples; they were
  already hard and proud as the doctor took his place next to her stretched,
  bound body. She squirmed as the doctor stroked her breasts seductively. Stimulating
  her breasts wasn't necessary for this torture since the nubs were already erect
  and available, but the doctor's manipulation of her breasts was causing her
  nipples to ache with the pain of sexual excitement. She could feel his gentle
  touch, a lover's touch, and her body responded involuntarily, becoming aroused
  even as she lay nude on the rack. She could feel the warmth returning to her
  breasts, her chest glowing with her passion. The sinewy muscles of her legs
  and taut torso twisted under her pale, soft skin as the doctor continued stroking
  her. She could feel the moistness collecting between her legs even as she tried
  to resist him. He knew where to touch her, where to stroke her skin and stimulate
  the response he wanted. He traced circles around her breast, centering on each
  nipple, then down her belly, stroking the width of her hips just below her
  bellybutton, across her pelvic bone, then sliding his palms along her flanks
  and kneading the skin like a masseuse, stopping at the top of her thin line
  of soft fur, pushing her blood towards her mound. His fingers raked across
  her ribs and her tummy, leaving faint lines from the pressure, then his fingers
  danced lightly across her arms and shoulders, then continued down towards her
  hips. She shuddered at his tickling, her gleaming skin trembling at his touch,
  the fire beginning to burn in her sex. She lifted her head to encourage his
  touch, but she was bound tightly to the rack, stretched across its frame, and
  such movement was difficult. Helpless, she lay her head back and closed her
  eyes, welcoming the feeling of his hands upon her skin. Her breasts ached with
  pleasure and she could feel the warmth building in her loins.  
Suddenly she felt the cold chill of the metal clamps on her chest. Lifting
  her head, she watched as the doctor slowly released the spring of a clamp,
  its jaws closing against the pert nipple of her left breast. She gasped at
  the pressure as the metal gripped her sensitive nub, crushing the skin. The
  doctor lifted the second clamp to her right breast, and she breathed quickly,
  anticipating the pain as that nub was also crushed by the unforgiving metal.
  She stared at her own body for a moment, at the silver clamps adorning her
  perked nipples, then, fatigued, lowered her head to the bench, its wood stained
  dark with sweat and water.  
She breathed in the air, absorbing the pain, the clamps on her breasts rising
  as her lungs filled with air. Her ribs were stretched tightly against her skin,
  her lean belly pulled flat by the exertion of the rack. Her pubic mound rose
  towards the light that glistened in her thin line of fur, her vaginal juices
  mixing with the sweat and water that streamed from her body. She knew her ordeal
  was not yet over, and she swore she would see it through to the end.  
&quot;And now gentlemen, the pear.&quot;  
Shannon was startled by his words. She began to pull at the bonds around
  her wrists and ankles, trying to free her arms, to close her legs. The doctor
  positioned himself over her crotch, lowering the oblong metal object between
  her parted thighs. She closed her eyes, knowing that she would be unable to
  see it enter her canal, even if she lifted her head. Terror began to fill her
  thoughts as she remembered how the device had split open to reveal its jagged
  talons. She felt the pear's cold tip pressing against her vaginal opening and
  she shuddered, waiting for its intrusion. The doctor rubbed the blunt end of
  the pear along her swollen lips, letting her anticipate its entry into her
  body, then slid it slowly into her tunnel. She moaned as it entered her, its
  metal rubbing against the moist pink tissue. Even with her natural lubricants
  flowing, it still hurt as the doctor pressed it farther up the orifice. Her
  vaginal muscles squeezed against the unyielding object as it passed deeper
  and deeper, and she wondered how far it would go. She felt the pressure deep
  inside her as it reached its limit, pressed up against the pink bulb of her
  cervix.  
&quot;Gentlemen, we are now ready to begin the final chapter of today's demonstration,&quot; the
  doctor said solemnly.  
The doctor reached down and began turning the screw and she could feel the
  leaves of the pear slowly spreading wider. She pulled at the bonds holding
  her wrists and ankles as she tried to move her hips, trying to accommodate
  the increasing size of the device. She could feel it stretching her tissue,
  pushing against the insides of her pelvis. She moaned as it kept expanding
  inside her. Opening her mouth she began a low moan, breathing hard, fresh sweat
  streaming from her body as the pear split open, entrenching itself within her
  helpless body, until finally the doctor stopped turning the screw. He knew
  her limits, how far he could go with her. He had determined that yesterday.  
She lay there, stretched taut, open, vulnerable, under the bright light of
  the darkened stage, sweat streaming from her body, matting her hair, mixing
  with the juices of her loins. Yes, the doctor had worked her body like a musician
  works a finely tuned piano. He had brought her pain, and he had brought her
  pleasure, and he had brought her pain again.  
He reached between her thighs and pressed a switch at the base of the pear.  
The metallic device immediately began vibrating, a low, gentle hum that seemed
  to travel across the entire length of her body. She shuddered. Every nerve
  in her body now focused on the buzzing object buried deep within her sex. Waves
  of pleasure coursed through her and she inhaled deep and strong, arching her
  back as best she could, trying to spread her thighs, briny water racing between
  the furrow of her breasts, breasts that were capped by horrible silver clamps.
  Her mind became cloudy as the waves of pleasure consumed her body, the fire
  between her thighs burning with the heat of passion. The doctor, the audience,
  the punishment of the rack all faded from her mind. All that existed was her
  and the object that gave her so much pleasure in her deepest regions. Her stomach
  contracted as she moved her hips rhythmically, working towards her climax,
  the heat building higher and higher as she gulped the cool air desperately,
  hungrily, a roaring bonfire of lust exploding between her legs, exploding like
  a supernova, consuming her entire universe. &quot;Oh, God&hellip;&quot; she
  moaned, then exhaled slowly, the air passing through parted lips as she was
  elevated to a level of pleasure she had not thought possible. Until now.  
Shannon shuddered with her orgasm, her body rocking with pleasure, the beads
  of sweat and water trickling from her body as she tugged at the ropes binding
  her, the cords of her muscles twisting under her warm skin as she surrendered
  to the object buried in her loins. S lowly the thrusting of her hips began
  to subside and a warm peaceful feeling replaced the ache of her passion. She
  sighed, her bare breasts heaving as the warmth infused her entire body, spreading
  from the glorious wetness between her thighs. Basking in the glow of her womanhood,
  she hardly realized that the buzzing had stopped as she settled onto the bench,
  breathing deeply, warmly. Her heart was slowing, returning to its usual steady
  beat and a feeling of utter contentment came over her as her body relaxed.  
&quot;You look absolutely radiant.&quot;  
Shannon blinked her eyes open. A woman's voice, familiar, but the face was
  blurry. Who was it? Shannon tried to focus on the image, straining against
  the bright light and the salty liquid that had seeped into her eyes. A halo
  of blonde hair above her. An angel. Fingers gently caressed her forehead, brushing
  her hair back, wiping the sweat and water from her face lovingly. A woman's
  touch. Shannon tried to speak, but her throat was dry. Her voice cracked &quot;Caroline?&quot;  
&quot;Hey, sweetie.&quot; Fingers continued to stroke Shannon's hair, comforting
  her. &quot;You were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic.&quot;  
Shannon opened her mouth to speak, but Caroline tenderly pressed her fingertips
  to Shannon's nose and mouth, &quot;Shhhh. Don't try to speak yet. Give yourself
  a moment. There's no rush. You're so beautiful right now; so precious.&quot; Shannon
  smiled and relaxed, resting comfortably on the dampened wood of the bench,
  shivering with pleasure. Caroline loosened the ropes on Shannon's wrists so
  that blood could circulate back into her hands, but she didn't completely remove
  them. She wanted Shannon to remain affixed to the machine a bit longer.  
Shannon's mind was beginning to clear and she looked around. The doctor and
  the audience were gone. It was just the two women, one bound nude, helpless,
  adorned by instruments of pain, the other clothed and free. Caroline leaned
  over the helpless girl's chest. &quot;Shannon, dearest, I'm going to remove
  one of the clamps now, ok?&quot; Caroline looked at Shannon, waiting for a
  sign of affirmation, and said &quot;I should warn you, it hurts just as much
  coming off as it does going on.&quot; Shannon steadied herself and took a deep
  breath, waiting for the pain to come, steeling her mind against the unwanted
  sensation. As Caroline squeezed the springs on the clamp, the cruel jaws parted
  and drew back from the pressed skin. Shannon winced, pursing her lips in pain
  as the blood returned to the pinched nub, and cried silently as Caroline set
  the loosened clamp on a corner of the bench. Caroline massaged Shannon's wounded
  nipple, softly rubbing the skin around it, soothing the burning tissue. It
  felt good. &quot;Are you ready for the other one, now?&quot; Caroline whispered.
  Shannon nodded her head quickly, steadying herself for the pain. Caroline squeezed
  the clamp open and lifted it from Shannon's nipple as a small cry of anguish
  escaped from Shannon's mouth. Shannon jerked at the ropes around her wrists
  and ankles. &quot;There, there, sweetie. Its almost over,&quot; Caroline said
  softly as she began rubbing both of Shannon's nipples, caressing them gently,
  using her palms to massage the mounds of Shannon's upturned breasts. Shannon
  squirmed on the rack, feeling the tingles of searing pain in her tits as the
  circulation returned to the injured skin, even as her natural endorphins tried
  to mask the agony of her body's abuse.  
Caroline moved down to Shannon's waist and placed a hand over the bound girl's
  sex, petting it gently, alerting Shannon as to what was going to happen next.
  Shannon lifted her head and remembered the toothed ends of the pear, imagining
  how it would rip apart her tissue and she could feel the fear welling up inside
  her again. Caroline mumbled to herself, &quot;Lefty loosey, righty tighty.&quot; Shannon
  could feel the pear shrink inside her tunnel, retracting upon itself as Caroline
  turned the screw. &quot;No!&quot; Shannon thought to herself, &quot;don't do
  it!&quot;  
When the screw would turn no further, Caroline began withdrawing the device
  from Shannon's nude body. Shannon tried to yell &quot;No!&quot; but all she
  could muster was a hoarse whisper, and she swallowed, hard, trying to find
  enough moisture to speak, to scream. Jerking hard at the ropes around her wrists
  and ankles, fighting the grip of the rack, Shannon shook her head violently,
  croaking her protests from an impossibly dry throat. Shannon would do anything,
  anything at all, to keep from having her insides ripped apart. Caroline ignored
  her pleas and proceeded to remove the object. Caroline knew Shannon would fight
  her, hard, and had left her tied to the bench for that reason. Shannon could
  feel the pear sliding out of her and she could imagine what it was doing to
  her sex, to her womanhood. Still bound to the rack, unable to speak, too weak
  to resist, she could do nothing but gasp and tremble with fear. Finally she
  felt the device part from her body and she wondered how much blood was mixing
  with her juices in her genitals, her sweat on her legs, and the water on the
  table. Strangely, she felt no pain, but she knew that in extreme cases of trauma
  a nerve ending could be over stimulated and render the injured tissue numb.
  Shannon trembled violently with fear at the thought of the damage to her loins.  
Caroline held up the evil device, the one that had given Shannon so much
  pleasure and caused so much fear, so that Shannon could see it clearly. Surprisingly,
  there was no trace of blood; nothing as traumatic as she had imagined. Shannon
  looked at Caroline, utterly confused, but still no words could come from her
  throat, so Shannon mouthed &quot;What?&quot; Caroline looked back at the helpless
  girl and laughed. &quot;You poor thing. The doctor played a trick on you; a
  terrible, wonderful trick.&quot; Shannon realized what had happened. He had
  switched the instruments! She smiled and laughed weakly at her gullibility.  
Caroline moved to the foot of the rack and freed Shannon's legs, then moved
  up to the drum and finally released her wrists from the ropes that had abraded
  her skin. Though freed of the grip of the rack, Shannon was too exhausted to
  move and lay in the position she had been forced to assume during the presentation.
  Caroline sat on the bench beside her and stroked Shannon's forehead, wiping
  the fresh beads of perspiration from her skin as she lay on the rack.  
Shannon was completely spent. Every joint in her body ached and her muscles
  felt like rubber. Her body was limp with exhaustion, suffering the dullness
  of extreme fatigue. Shannon, groggily, lowered her arms and tried to sit up.
  Caroline saw her struggling and wrapped one arm behind the poor girl, helping
  her lean forward, and placed the other across her shoulders to steady her.
  Caroline tenderly stroked Shannon's face and the nude girl began to cry softly;
  from pain or from love, Caroline couldn't tell. Caroline squeezed Shannon's
  shoulder and drew her closer, consoling her, cradling her head as the younger
  girl wept in Caroline's comforting embrace. &quot;There, there, sweetie, its
  alright, everything's ok,&quot; she whispered. Shannon accepted Caroline's
  hug, lifting her arms to grasp Caroline even as sobs choked in her throat. &quot;That's
  alright, let it out, its all over now.&quot; Shannon released herself completely,
  letting her emotions flood out of her unabashedly. She had been taken to the
  heights of pain, of pleasure, of ecstasy, and now, of love.  
As Shannon's cries began to subside Caroline separated herself from the nude
  girl and slid off the bench. Reaching underneath the machine, she lifted a
  soft red blanket and wrapped it around the wet skin of Shannon's shoulders
  and handed her a bottle of water. The water tasted sweet and soothing, its
  cool sensation splashing across Shannon's tongue as the clear liquid emptied
  from the bottle. Exhaling with a satisfied sigh, Shannon tried to speak. &quot;Where&hellip; where
  is everybody?&quot; Her voice was more breath than words.  
Caroline laughed. &quot;They're all gone. The doctor excused the audience
  just after he switched on the vibrating pear. He wanted your first forced orgasm
  to be a private experience. He felt he owed you that much. He wanted me to
  be here for you because he was afraid you might develop feelings for him afterwards
  and that would've complicated things for the next presentation. So he and Annette
  left as soon as the audience had cleared out. And here I am.&quot;  
Shannon, now becoming aware of her nakedness and where she was, felt a tinge
  of embarrassment at what she had allowed to be done to her. She had submitted
  herself to a strange man's touch, given him permission to bind her, to explore
  her body, to reveal her fantasies, and he had done it in front of complete
  strangers. And she had enjoyed it. &quot;How much? How much did you see?&quot; she
  asked furtively.  
&quot;Oh, not much. He stationed me in the lobby to see the guests away.
  Besides, it was nothing new to me. You aren't the first. I've been through
  it, too, you know. Only I had to deal with Annette's straightforward clinical
  approach to employee health care - clean me up, dress me, send me on my way.
  I didn't really have someone there for me afterwards.&quot;  
Shannon looked at her and realized the generous gift that Caroline had given
  her.  
&quot;You can thank me later,&quot; Caroline said jokingly. &quot;C'mon,
  let's get you home.&quot;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Thomas Chaser


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





