BDSM Library - Y.B.Y.W - Episode 13




Y.B.Y.W - Episode 13
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Episode 13 of the game show, "You Bet Your Wife." The Original pilot show was written by Quale. A game show where every wrong answer is paid for sexually by the contestant's wife on TV.Y.B.Y.W. &ndash; Episode 13 &ndash; Daniel &amp; Kirsten    
****************************************************************************************************  
I would like to thank 'Quale' for his permission to use the premise and plot,
  from &quot;You Bet Your Wife&quot; to create an episode from the show. Those
  who have read &quot;You Bet Your Wife&quot; will notice similar dialogue, if
  not the same in places, this is because, like any other game show the introduction,
  and explanation of the rules are the same week in, week out. And I didn't want
  to detract to far from 'Quale's' original show idea.  
****************************************************************************************************  
This is the first story I've wrote, so all comments are appreciated.  
&quot;Hello, and welcome to You Bet Your Wife. The show where only the contestant's
  wits can stop us from using his wife on national TV,&quot; boomed the unseen
  announcer. &quot;Now let's give a big welcome to our host and the sexiest,
  kinkiest star in Hollywood, Zoya Takoni.&quot;  
A bright spotlight shot across the dark
    stage to reveal Zoya strutting across the stage. 
  Her welcome consisted of nearly as much whopping as applause. Zoya as always 
  clearly enjoyed the attention and rewarded the audience with a confident sexy
  walk. 
    
Today she was wearing a some what conservative outfit compared to
    her usual attire, a 
  pink figure hugging silk dressing gown. 
    
At the center of the stage a sleek couch waited by itself for the
    host.  
  Just big enough for two people to both sit on it was clearly designed to force
  its 
  occupants into close contact. Zoya stopped in front of the couch waiting as
  the audience  
  quieted and the lights rose on this stage. Zoya stood on the middle of a glass
  stage 
  empty except for herself and the couch. This stage was now brightly illuminated
  both by 
  spotlights and a multitude of small lights shining up through the floor but
  nearby the, 
  outline of another circular stage was visible but its contents were obscured
  by darkness.  
  Flashing a naughty smile Zoya address the audience, 
    
&quot;Welcome to the 13 th   and final show
    of this series! But don't despair, a new series will be 
  following shortly!"  
    
After the cheers died down she asked  
    
"Are you all ready for me to win someone's wife again?&quot;  
&quot;Well then let's meet tonight's contestant!&quot;  
    
The deep voiced announcer broke in again,  
    
&quot;Give a big hand to our contestant, Daniel from South California.&quot; 
    
A new spotlight announced Daniel's entrance. He was fashionably dressed
    in dark anti- 
  fit jeans and a named tight fit T-shirt. An athletic build along with short
  blonde hair and 
  piecing blues eyes completing his look as an attractive young professional.  
  Coming up to Zoya, Daniel lent forward and kissed Zoya on both cheeks in pure
  false  
  show biz style. Zoya warmly kissed him back, slowly tracing her hand over his
  chest as 
  they meet. 
    
&quot;Hi Daniel, congratulations on qualifying for You Bet Your Wife.&quot; 
  Following Zoya's gesture, Daniel and Zoya sat on the couch, its short length
      unavoidably 
  pushing Zoya's bare legs up against Daniel. 
    
&quot;Before we start the game tonight maybe you could tell us a little
    bit about yourself,  
  Daniel.&quot; asked Zoya with an obvious attraction to the male contestant. 
    
&quot;Well I'm 25 years old Building Engineer" answered Daniel his
    voice sleek and smooth,  
  keeping lustful eye contact with Zoya as he spoke. 
    
Zoya noted Daniel's British accent. 
    
&quot;So do I detect a British accent?"  
    
"Yes, I originally lived in the UK" replied Daniel.  
    
"So what made you move to the USA?" Zoya probed. 
    
&quot;Work! I was offered an excellent opportunity within the company
    however it meant me 
  moving to the USA.&quot;  
    
&quot;So what does your wife do?&quot; asked
    Zoya 
&quot;Kirsten is an Accountant.&quot;  
&quot;Those are pretty different jobs, how did you two meet?&quot; 
&quot;We meet back in the UK. We both had part time jobs at the same place while
we were  
    
studying for our current
    jobs."  
&quot;So when did you get married?&quot;  
&quot;Six months ago, we went back to the UK to get married to be with our families.&quot;  
&quot;So since you started dating, has anyone else slept with your wife?&quot;  
&quot;Not that I know of,&quot; responded Daniel with a nervous little laugh. 
&quot;Does putting Kirsten on You Bet Your Wife make you nervous? You know you
might  
    
have to watch her sleep with someone else on national TV.&quot; &quot;Sure,
  it's a chance that something can happen, but when I've played at home I normally
  get to the 4 th  or 5 th  question
  with no problem, so I can quit before she has to go through with anything and
  get a decent amount of cash as well&quot; Zoya's smile became a little devious
  at this response. It wouldn't be hard to tease Daniel into risking a lot more
  than he planned, especially with the inside knowledge she had gained from their
  friends Steph and Joel.  
Not questioning his response Zoya continued, &quot;So what made you
    decide to compete on 
  You Bet Your Wife?&quot; 
&quot;Actually it was a wager with another couple our neighbours."  
  At the mention of neighbours (Steph and Joel) Zoya smiled to herself.  
"We were round at their house one evening. There was some banter about who was
going the win the up and coming Soccer FA Cup, so my neighbours wife suggested
  a bet, then she suggested that the losing couple would have to apply for this
  show as a forfeit. The forms were filled in there and then, so neither couple
  could back out on the wager. At the time it didn't seem a big deals coz the
  chances of us being chosen seem slim!"  
Lightly resting her hand on Daniels thigh Zoya said, &quot;I hope
    the wager was worth it! Are  
  you ready to start playing?&quot;  
&quot;Sure&quot;  
&quot;Do you remember the rules?&quot;  
    
&quot;I'm pretty sure I know them"  
&quot;Well let me remind you and the audience,&quot; Zoya said launching into
her well practiced  
  description. &quot;Before this show started we gave Daniel and his wife a psychological 
  questioner as well as interviewing their friends."  
    
Including the very helpful Steph and Joel she thought to herself.  
    
"Our experts have examined those responses and figured out a secret dark
  fantasy of Kirsten's. How much of that fantasy Kirsten has to act out in front
  of our studio audience depends on how well Daniel can answer our questions.&quot;  
&quot;The questions work much like Who Wants to be a Millionaire. The first
  question is worth one thousand dollars and each additional question is worth
  twice the previous, question up to a total of ten questions. Like Millionaire
  the contestant can request a hint but he must 'pay' for his hint by removing
  a major article of clothing. Unlike Millionaire, a wrong answer doesn't cause
  the contestant to forfeit money, it causes his wife to have forfeits of a sexual
  orientation. The later the question the more his wife has to pay for the mistake.
  For instance a wrong answer on the first question might require the contestant's
  wife to strip down to a bra and panties. An incorrect answer on question two,
  whether or not the contestant got the first question right, then the next forfeit
  is worse just like the questions get harder.&quot; &quot;We can't have contestants
  cutting and running once they start to lose so you can only ask us to release
  your wife after a correct answer but the contestant can always choose not to
  spare his wife even if he gets the questions right. The later questions are
  harder than the earlier ones. There is also an extra special bonus for getting
  the tenth question right.&quot; Pausing Zoya suggestively licked her lips making
  sure to move her hand to Daniel's inner thigh to make the beneficiary clear, &quot;I'm
  your slave for the night.&quot; Rubbing her hand up and down over Daniel's
  inner thigh Zoya suggestively continued, &quot;I promise you won't be disappointed.
  Even better any couple getting all ten questions correct will have any reasonable
  sexual fantasy of their choice fulfilled. They may even select audience or
  staff members of their choice to participate. Our lawyers assure us that the
  contract our audience members have signed is completely binding. However, so
  as not to disappoint the viewing public the successful contestant must appoint
  an audience or staff member, such as me, to take the place of the contestant's
  wife as if all ten questions had been answered incorrectly. On the other hand
  if you get the tenth question wrong not only are you going to be publicly cuckolded
  but the contestant must follow my orders while his wife is exploited and of
  course I get a large cash bonus. Contestants getting all ten questions wrong
  become the property of this show for one year.&quot;  
&quot;Alight Daniel, are you ready to see the situation we have arranged
  for your wife?&quot;  
"Sure" came Daniel's reply.  
At his assent the second stage was sprayed with spotlights and burst into
  view. The first thing Daniel noticed about the other stage was his wife standing
  in the center of the stage, Kirsten's tight red short figure hugging skirt,
  small skimpy red tube top, red high heels and matching bright red lipstick
  said to everybody there, complete SLUT. Kirsten's face burned bright red with
  humiliation. Kirsten's nipples were visibly erect through the thin fabric making
  her humiliation worse and confirmed the slutty look. Her erect nipples were
  kept hard thanks to the cold air blower directly above her head away from Daniels
  and the audience's view. Also on the other stage was what can only be described
  as a leather shaped "H" lying flat with a central circular support under the
  cross bar of the "H". From the cross bar to the tip of the upper arms, the
  leather was about a foot thicker than the bottom halves.  
Kirsten was joined by the usual shirtless well built men wearing only tight
  leather pants, one on either side.  
As usual Mistress Dena stalked the stage. Tonight she was wearing
    a tight black latex  
  knee length shirt, with black and white latex bra, knee high boots and black
  latex gloves 
  with her ever present riding crop in her hand!  
    
Zoya returned to her role as the host. Zoya asked, &quot;Mistress
    Dena, could you please tell  
  Daniel and our audience what you plan to do with his wife.&quot;  
    
Mistress Dena's responded in an evil tone,  
"Well tonight is going to be different from other nights, as Kirsten's dark secret
is one of  
  Humiliation and degradation"  
    
Kirsten's eyes flow wide open, she couldn't believe what had been
    said.  
    
"So to add to her humiliation and degradation she will find out what
    we have planned as  
  it happens" Mistress Dena cast an evil glance in Kirsten's direction. 
    
"However I can reveal to you that if the tenth question is answer
    incorrectly, then up to  
  ten male members of the audience will get the chance to cum twice inside the
  slut  
  tonight, once inside her mouth, and she will swallow! And then once in either
  her pussy 
  or ass"  
    
At that moment the audience erupted, Kirsten stared at the floor in
    disbelief for several 
  minutes until the cheering died down. Unbeknown to Daniel and the audience,
  Kirsten 
  was in a state of constant arousal! In-fact she had been since she was last
  with Daniel  
  over 3 hours ago. A little pack clipped to the back of her skirt, that looked
  like a  
  microphone pack was in-fact the power source for the little bullet vibrator
  sitting against  
  her clit.  
    
"I can also reveal that, that won't be
    the only time the audience gets evolved tonight!" 
  announced Mistress Dena  
    
Again the audience cheered loudly. 
    
Zoya turned back to Daniel with a beaming
    smile asking, &quot;So how do you feel about  
  what we have in store for your wife?&quot;  
    
Daniel didn't reply he just shrugged his shoulders.  
    
&quot;It turns you on doesn't it,&quot; Zoya
    said looking at his semi erect member already visible  
  through his jeans.  
    
&quot;Well there's no turning back now,
    hope you little wager was worth it!" she said with a 
  glint in her eye. 
    
&quot;It's time for your first question.&quot;  
    
"Question 1, this is worth $1,000 for a
    correct answer and who knows for an incorrect 
  answer" Zoya said, giving Daniel a sexy wink.  
    
"How many inches are in a foot?" Zoya asked.  
    
"12" Daniel quickly responded.  
    
"Correct" confirmed Zoya 
    
Daniel gave a confident smile, and winked
    at Zoya.  
"Ready for the next question" Zoya asked licking her lips towards Daniel.  
"Oh yes" Came Daniel's cocky response. 
"Question 2 this is worth $2,000" 
"If you were born on July 1st, what would your astrological sign be?"  
  Daniel carefully double checked his answer in his head before, saying  
"Cancer"  
  Zoya looked at him and asked  
"Are you sure?"  
"Yep" came Daniel response  
  Once again Zoya confirmed he was correct, before she slowly rose from the couch
  and 
    
slipped out of her silk dressing gown to
    uncover her very sexy and very revealing nurse's 
    
outfit. 
  Daniels eyes lit up. He was mesmerized by the sight, causing his cock to instantly  
  become erect. Daniel had never been able to resist a nurse's outfit.  
    
Zoya smiled at Daniel's reaction to the
    outfit, knowing the information she had got from  
    
Steph and Joel was correct.  
"OK, Question 3 this is worth $4,000"  
"What was the maiden name of Bill Clinton's wife?"  
    
Daniel ponds the question, trying not to
    look at Zoya outfit, before saying 
"I got two answer in my head but can't decide which one"  
"You can have a clue, but it will cost you your T-shirt" purred Zoya 
"OK" said Daniel, slowly raising and removing his T-shirt  
  When seated again Zoya moved her hands over his chest while giving him the
  clue 
"It begins with 'R'!"  
  Daniel sits there enjoying Zoya hands roam across his chest, before answering 
"Rodham, Hillary Rodham"  
    
"Correct again" Zoya hissed, a little annoyed
    with herself.  
"Question 4, this is worth $8,000" said Zoya, slow rubbing her hand over Daniel's
erect  
  cock, keeping his mind off the task in hand. 
    
"In the 'Garfield' comic strip, what is
    the name of Garfield's rubber chicken?" 
    
Daniel instantly said "Pooky" but then he gasped as soon he'd said it, realizing
  that he should have said Stretch.  
"I'm sorry, the correct answer is Stretch" Said Zoya before Daniel had a
  chance to kick himself for jumping in with both feet without thinking.  
As soon as Mistress Dena heard that an incorrect answer had been given, she
  nodded towards her assistants, who quickly place a black ball gag in Kirsten's
  mouth and tightened it along with a red collar around her neck. They then removed
  her tube top to the delight of the audience. Next they bound Kirsten's wrist
  behind her back using red bondage tape; Kirsten arched her back thrusting her
  breast out just waiting to be fondled. The final step was for her skirt to
  be removed, the mini vibe was also removed unseen by the audience.  
Mistress Dena then silently and casually walked up to Kirsten and clipped
  a leash onto her collar, she then proceed to lead her off the staged area towards
  the audience to Kirsten's dismay. As Kirsten moved away from the stage lighting
  she could make out the audience area. It was split into 3 blocks, 1 central
  block about 8 chairs wide, and 2 side blocks slightly angled of about 5 chairs
  wide. Mistress Dena continued to lead her towards to central block. As Kirsten
  got closer to the central block she realized that the front three rows of the
  central block were completely full of her friends, neighbours and work colleagues.
  She instinctively closed her eyes as to not make eye contact with anyone she
  knew. She stopped walking when she felt her knees touching someone else's,
  still with her eyes closed she open her legs slightly as not to touch the other
  person knees. Kirsten suddenly opened her eyes as she felt somebody fondle
  her breasts, she look down to find herself straddling Steph and Joel's seats,
  with Joel groping her breasts.  
Steph then put her hand on Kirsten's pussy and shouted  
&quot;The slut's wet&quot;  
Kirsten's face flushed violently, her next door neighbours hand then touched
  her pussy and he confirmed to the audience that she was wet.  
The audience were cheering and laughing, adding to Kirsten's humiliation.
  Mistress Dena then proceeded to parade Kirsten along the front row of the central
  block then along the front row of the left hand block for everybody to get
  a good look at her naked body before returning her to the stage.  
Whilst this had been going on, Zoya had been licking Daniels nipples and
  his cock was harder than ever trying to breakout of his jeans.  
"Another question I think" said Zoya  
"Question 5, and it's worth $16,000"  
"The act of having several spouses at one time is called what?"  
Daniel looked blankly at Zoya; it was obvious
  he hadn't got a clue. Seeing this Zoya toyed with his cock through his jeans,
  before asking him "Would you like a clue?"  
Daniel just nodded "It'll cost you your jeans" Zoya said as she slowly buttoned
  his jeans, before ordering him to stand, so she could remove them fully.  
After his jeans had been removed and they were both re-seated, she said "It
  begins with the letter P!"  
Daniel was still none the wiser, he pondered for a few seconds before admitting "I
  don't know"  
"I can tell you the correct answer is Polygamy" Zoya said knowing that Daniel
  had lost all his previous confidence.  
"Take it away Mistress Dena" announced Zoya.  
Again a nod from Mistress Dena brought her assistants
  to life; one disappeared off stage, whilst the other quickly fixed a spreader
  bar to Kirsten's ankles forcing her legs apart.  
Mistress Dena then sat Kirsten on the edge of
  one of the arms to the leather 'H' facing the audience.  
The other assistant soon returned with a bowl of water, a razor and shaving
  foam. This brought the crowd to life and caused Kirsten to shriek through her
  gag.  
Mistress Dena then began to quickly and expertly shave Kirsten's pussy completely
  bare. Massaging Kirsten's clit as she went along keeping her constantly turned
  on. Once complete, Mistress Dena toweled off any excess foam and water, before
  grabbing the leash and forcing Kirsten to awkwardly walk with the spreader
  bar still in place.  
Again Kirsten was lead off the stage towards the
  audience. This time she was taken to the middle of left hand block, where she
  had the indignity of having the front row grope and touch her newly shaven
  pussy.  
She was then led towards the central block before being halted about a meter
  from the front row; Mistress Dena then turned Kirsten around so she was facing
  away from the audience.  
Mistress Dena then pushed Kirsten's head down so that she bent over, she
  then took the leash and threaded it through a ring in the centre on the spreader
  bar, and pulled the leash up, ensuring Kirsten couldn't return from her bent
  position.  
With the hand holding the leash Mistress Dena toyed with Kirsten's clit,
  bring soft moans from behind the gag. With her other hand she slow traced the
  outline of Kirsten's newly shaven pussy lips with her gloved fingers, before
  she plunged two fingers into her sopping wet pussy, and began to finger fuck
  her.  
Mistress Dena continued this for some minutes before stopping and holding
  her fingers up to the lights to show the audience how wet Kirsten was, before
  wiping her gloved hand over Kirsten's back.  
"OK, Question 6 this is worth $32,000"  
"What was the first U.S. state to enter the Union?"  
Daniel instantly shook his head, and then looked down, before saying "American
  History, the subject I was hoping to avoid!"  
"Do you want a clue" offered Zoya, hoping he'd lose more clothing.  
"What's the point; if you gave me a choice of two I wouldn't know the answer"  
"OK, so you give up?" asked Zoya  
Daniel paused for a few seconds before nodding his head  
"Is that a yes" taunted Zoya  
"Yes!" Snapped Daniel  
"The correct answer is Delaware" gloated Zoya, before casting a glace
    over to Mistress 
  Dena. 
    
Mistress Dena then slow walkout towards the audience, she already
    knows who she is  
  going to choose from the audience, but she stops half way between the stage
  and the  
  audience, she stood silently pretending to survey the audience in contemplation,
  before 
  she walked slow and sexily to Steph bending forward she whispered in her ear &quot;Would  
  you like the slut to lick you out?&quot; Steph's eyes lit up, before she gasped &quot;Yes&quot;. 
    
Steph rose quickly and smothered her skirt down and walked to the
    stage with a 
  beaming grin, thinking to herself that tonight was going better than she could
  have  
  hoped, not only was her friend getting humiliated in front of her friends,
  neighbours and  
  work colleagues, plus all those watching on TV, but Kirsten was about to be
  force to lick  
  her out.  
    
Mistress Dena motions Steph to seat on the edge of the cross bar to
    the leather shaped  
&quot;H&quot; where one of the shirtless assistants quickly kneels before her
and removes her  
  thong. Mistress Dena then grab's the dangling leash and pulls Kirsten towards
  Steph,  
  Kirsten struggles to walk with the spreader bar still in place, before turning
  her to face  
  Steph with her back to the audience.  
    
Steph looks up with a cruel smile and reaches out with both hands
    and painfully grabs  
  both of Kirsten's nipples causing a muffled groan. She then said  
"Oh by the way I've won our bet slut"  
    
Kirsten had completely forgotten about her bet with Steph made not
    long after they had 
  been accepted for the show. If Daniel Quit before the 7  th   question
  Steph would match 
  the amount they won be it question 1 or 6, but if Daniel went as far as question
  7 or  
  more, Kirsten had to be Steph's slave for one month doing anything she ordered.  
    
&quot;Kneel Slut&quot; Mistress Dena suddenly barked, she emphasizes
    this with a sharp crack of 
  the crop across Kirsten's buttocks.  
  Kirsten quickly dropped to her kneels to avoid another hit of the crop. 
    
Mistress Dena then leans forward and starts to remove the ball gag,
    as she does this 
  she whisper's in Kirsten's ear &quot;Start licking her pussy you whore, and
  don't stop till I tell  
  you&quot; 
  Once the gag was removed Kirsten shuffled forward and put her head under Steph's 
  skirt and began to lick the moist pussy in front of her.  
    
Kirsten continues to carry on licking at
    Steph's pussy in the knowledge that she'll have to 
    
see Steph over and over again day in day
    out.  
  Steph soon starts to moan, and then increases Kirsten humiliation by saying "That's  
  good, oh god that's great"  
    
"You've done this before, I can tell!" 
"That's it just there, keep going you little pussy licker"  
  Back over on the other stage. Zoya is teasing Daniel  
"Sounds like your wife is a natural or has she had some practice? Wouldn't mind
letting  
    
her have a go on me!" 
    
Daniel just nervously laughed, but his face
    showed to all that the idea of his wife licking  
  Zoya turned him on.  
"It about time for question 7" Said Zoya 
  And just then Steph exploded into orgasm on the other stage.  
"Someone's had fun, but not as much as your wife!" Zoya said with a smug look.  
"Question 7! This is worth, - $64,000 for a correct answer"  
"What is the name of the angel in 'It's a Wonderful Life'?"  
  Daniel was clearly out of his depth with these harder questions. Zoya decided
  not to  
    
push him for an answer but to tease him
    to see how worked up she could get him  
    
Zoya, started to kiss his neck before working
    her way down his chest.  
  Then onto to his sensitive nipples before giving them long lingering licks. 
  Daniels through his head back, overwhelmed by the pleasure, he was unable to
  think  
    
rationally.  
    
Zoya winning the battle sat up slightly,
    and gently flicked her nails across Daniels nipples 
  bring loud moans from his mouth. Zoya seized on this opportunity and asked  
"You don't know the answer do you?"  
"No" came Daniel response through more moaning  
"That's another one wrong" Zoya beamed followed by 
"The answer that could have spared your wife from further humiliation was Clarence" 
  Daniel was too engrossed in the pleasure to notice the movements on the other
  stage.  
  The bondage tape holding Kirsten's wrist's to her elbows was cut away by Mistress 
    
Dena, Kirsten still in her kneeling position facing
  away from the audience moved her arms about to get the feeling back into them.  
Whilst she was doing this the two shirtless
    assistants stripped out of the tight leather  
    
shorts to reveal large throbbing erections.  
  Mistress Dena then order Kirsten to turn around she was then promptly meet
      by the two  
  erect cocks. Kirsten just knelt there staring at the large members before her.  
    
Mistress Dena interrupted Kirsten's daze
    with a crack of the crop across her buttocks, 
    
then order her to start rubbing and sucking
    on the cocks before her. 
  Kirsten then reached up and grabbed a cock in each hand and slowly started
  to rub 
  them, she then reached forward with her mouth and started to suck on one of
  the cocks.  
    
Mistress Dena stood behind Kirsten the whole
    time giving her order's like, change the 
    
cock she was sucking and to speed up.  
  After 10mins of having their cocks sucked and rubbed the assistants were nearing  
  orgasm, Mistress Dena then ordered Kirsten to stop what she was doing and put
  her  
  hands behind her back where they were immediately bound. 
    
Mistress Dena then walked around the front of Kirsten and stood in-between
  her two assistants, and took a cock in each of the gloved hands and began to
  jerk them off until they each came over Kirsten's face. Mistress Dena then
  took each cock in turn and wiped the remaining cum over Kirsten's face before
  ordering Kirsten to clean each cock in turn.  
Kirsten then had to suffer the indignity
    of kneeling there with cum dripping down her face 
  unable to wipe it away because her hands were still cuffed behind her back. 
"Question 8! A correct answer is worth - $125,000 and could save your wife"  
"Whom did Bobby Fischer defeat in 1972 to become Chess World Champion?"  
"What a question! Bloody chess!" was Daniel's response.  
  Zoya decided it was time to get Daniel naked and worked up.  
"Would you like a clue?" mocked Zoya 
"Yes" came Daniel's reluctant.  
"I'll need you to take off you boxers first" said Zoya, itching to get hold of
his erect cock 
  Daniel rose and Zoya helped him out of his boxers while fondling his balls. 
"B S are the initials" offered Zoya as his clue. 
    
Daniel shuck his head
    before saying "No, I don't know"  
"Boris Spassky" Zoya revealed, while slowly working her hand up his thigh towards
his 
  erect cock. 
    
"Time for the Violator" Mistress Dena announced, to the delight of
    the audience. 
  Whilst the audience cheered, Kirsten was positioned on the leather 'H' on all
  fours with 
  her legs on lowest parts of the arms, and her arms and elbows of the highest
  parts, 
    
forcing her to be on all fours with a straight back. Whilst in this position
  the shirtless assistants secured her legs and wrists to the leather 'H'.  
Mistress Dena the slowly turned the leather 'H' around so that Kirsten was
  on all fours facing the audience. She slowly traced her gloved hand down Kirsten's
  back, dipping in to the creases of her backside, and then teased her clit.
  Mistress Dena then picked the Violator up from the table to the left of the
  leather 'H' and held it high for the audience to see. The Violator was made
  of thick black ribbed flexible rubber, about 2 and a half inches thick and
  10 inches long with a hilt at the bottom then a 5 inch handle.  
Mistress Dena walked behind Kirsten slowly tracing the violator down her
  back! She the rubbed the violator along Kirsten's exposed pussy causing the
  rib's to stimulate her erect clit; this brought loud moans from Kirsten.  
Mistress Dena then cruelly rammed the violator into Kirsten's wet pussy in
  one swift movement, prompting a loud squeal from Kirsten.  
Mistress Dena furiously worked the violator in and out of Kirsten's pussy;
  it wasn't long before Kirsten was constantly moaning nearing any orgasm, Mistress
  Dena then stopped before Kirsten could reach orgasm, leaving the violator buried
  deep in Kirsten's pussy and Kirsten frustrated, desperately needing an orgasm.  
Mistress Dena then bent down and whispered in Kirsten's ear,  
"Soon there will be real cocks sliding in and out of your pussy, not this
  violator! And you know what? I'm going to make sure that I choose members of
  the audience that are your friends, neighbours and work colleges to fuck your
  brains out"  
"OK! Question 9 this is worth a cool $250,000"  
"Which planet once had a 'Great Dark Spot' before it disappeared in 1995?"  
Daniel let out along sigh, before pondering the question, then said  
"Ok, let's look at this logically"  
As he said this Zoya, started to slowly work his cock with one hand while
  gently teasing his nipples with the other.  
Daniels was trying not to concentrate on what Zoya was doing and think of
  the answer, but it was too good, so he blurted out  
"Venus"  
Zoya knowing he was wrong toyed with him  
"Was that a guess?"  
"Yes" came Daniels hopeful reply  
"Sorry you're wrong again" Zoya said with a little chuckle "Neptune was the
  answer I was looking for" said Zoya still gently flicking his nipples, Daniel
  didn't care he was still enjoying the sensation that Zoya was causing through
  his cock and nipples.  
Over on the other stage, one of the assistants walked off stage, while Mistress
  Dena slowly walks and stands behind Kirsten slowly pushing the violator further
  into her pussy, producing a loud gasp, before delicately teasing her clit.  
The assistant returns to the stage holding a glass half full of something,
  and puts it on the table to the left hand side of where Kirsten is tired to
  the leather 'H', next to Mistress Dena's crop.  
Mistress Dena then bends down and whisper in Kirsten's ear &quot;Beg to drink
  that glass of cum or I'll whip your pussy till it bleeds and then I'll get
  every male in the audience to fuck the life out of you!&quot;  
Kirsten starts to softly whimper, Mistress Dena than goes over to the table
  and picks up the glass, and addresses the audience holding the glass up &quot;I'd
  just like to thank all the male members of the audience that contributed to
  this glass cum, that the slut is about to drink!"  
Cheers erupt throughout the audience. Mistress
    Dena waits for the audience to go quite 
  before she continues.  
"In fact she wants to drink it so much she's about to beg! Isn't that right slut?&quot;  
    
&quot;Yes&quot; was the weak response.  
&quot;We can't hear you&quot; said Mistress Dena sternly as she picked up the
crop from the table,  
  and walked behind Kirsten. 
    
This spurred a response from Kirsten &quot;Please
    Mistress Dena, please let me drink that 
  glass of cum&quot;  
&quot;Tells us all why we should let you&quot; said Mistress Dena adding to her
plight 
&quot;Coz I'm a slut, who enjoys drinking cum from strangers&quot; said Kirsten  
  This brought a smile to Mistress Dena's face &quot;Do you like the taste?&quot; said
  Mistress Dena 
&quot;Yes, I love the taste, it taste so nice, and I can't get enough of it!&quot;  
&quot;Good... But I'm still not convinced&quot; came Mistress Dena reply 
&quot;I do want to, I do.... Please Mistress Dena, Please I need to drink it&quot;  
&quot;Errrmmm&quot; Mistress Dena pretended to ponder the idea  
    
&quot;I' am a slut who
    needs that cum&quot; Kirsten blurts out one last time  
&quot;Very well&quot; said Mistress Dena walking around to the table and swapping
her crop for  
  the glass of cum. 
    
She then brought the glass up to Kirsten's mouth and she slowly began to
  drink the glass of cum, to cheers and laughter from the audience.  
Zoya then takes back control of the show but adds
  to Kirsten's plight "That's a strange party trick you wife has there" she say
  to Daniel as she still toys with his erect nipples and cock.  
"OK time for the last question" Zoya quickly moves on while Daniel is still
  mesmerized by what he's seen.  
"Question 10 the final question and it could win you $500,000 and save your
  wife from getting gang banged by some of our audience" Zoya said with delight,
  as she increases the pace of the hand rubbing his erect cock.  
She deliberately paused to give herself more time to work his erect cock,
  before asking  
"The mathematical term 'e' stands for what number?"  
Zoya then went back to licking his nipples. Daniel closed his eyes and started
  to moan, nearing orgasm. Sensing this Zoya stopped, then knelt before him,
  and started to lick up and down his shaft. Every once in a while flicking her
  tongue across the tip of his cock, this brought loud moaning. Zoya stop and
  looked up at him, with her sexy eyes, rubbing his cock and said  
"Just say you don't know and I'll make you cum, you can even cum in my mouth"  
Daniel was to close to orgasm that he couldn't
  let her stop. Zoya slowed down rubbing his cock to try and coax the response
  she desired. It soon worked and Daniel gave in and said  
"I don't know the answer"  
Zoya immediately stood up letting go of his cock and announced to the audience  
"Gang Bang time!"  
"And for those that care the correct answer is 2.71"  
She turned to Daniel and said  
"Now you're my slave! Come her and lick my pussy while I watch your wife
  get well and truly fucked! And if you do it right I might let you have that
  orgasm"  
Daniel got to his knees ready to lick Zoya's pussy,
  as he did so, Mistress Dena announced  
"As Daniel got 7 questions in-correct then that's how many audience members
  will get to use his wife"  
With that she walked out to the audience, directly to the central block and
  carefully picked 7 males from the first three rows containing Kirsten's friends,
  neighbours and work colleagues that were all of a similar build and stature.
  All 7 then followed Mistress Dena off set away so Kirsten and Daniel could
  not see who Mistress Dena had chosen. Minutes later Mistress Dena walked on
  to the stage followed by the 7 men, all had changed into matching black t-shirts
  and boxers, wearing black masks and snoods to hide there identities.  
Mistress Dena lined the men up in front on the leather 'H' before walking
  behind Kirsten and grabbed the violator and used it to rotated Kirsten and
  the leather 'H' so that she faced the 7 men. Kirsten looked up to see 7 masked
  men standing there ready to use her. Mistress Dena then turned Kirsten so she
  was parallel with the audience so they could get a good view of the action.
  Mistress Dena directed one of the men to use Kirsten's mouth and another to
  use her pussy. Whilst they were using Kirsten, Mistress Dena knelt down by
  her side and slowly whipped her breast with her crop, as she did this she softly
  spoke to Kirsten, saying "Every time you look at a male you know, be it friend,
  neighbour or work collogue you'll think to yourself did he fuck me like a whore
  and use my holes! This will eat away at you day in day out until you humiliate
  yourself and ask them if they did or did not! But then you'll still never know
  the truth as they could lie to protect themselves or lie just to fuck with
  your mind. The only way you'll really know is to degrade yourself one last
  time and have them in your mouth once again to know for sure, just like the
  slut inside you wants to!" This got to Kirsten and she soon started to moan
  with the rhythm of the fucking she was getting. This was soon interrupted as
  the man in her mouth came causing her to quickly swallow. He was soon replaced
  by another.  
Zoya was moaning loudly too, Daniel's tongue licking and caressing her pussy
  as she watched his wife be used by 7 men. The sight of Kirsten's throat and
  mouth re-flexing as the second man came in her mouth was enough to push Zoya
  over the edge to orgasm. Zoya trembled with waves of pleasure as another man
  entered Kirsten's mouth. Zoya was still hungry for more so she then ordered
  Daniel to bend her over the couch and fuck her while they both watch his wife
  being used like the slut she was. As Daniel entered Zoya, the man in Kirsten's
  pussy announced he had cum with a loud moan, Kirsten's moaning subsided while
  she waited to be entered again. She didn't have to wait long as the next man
  entered her arse, causing a fresh wave of please to pulsate through her body.
  With this Mistress Dena turned the attention of the crop to Kirsten's clit,
  causing her to moan wantingly again. Hearing his wife's re-newed moans of pleasure,
  Daniels own breathing became heavier as he came closer to orgasm. Zoya sensed
  this and began to push back harder encouraging Daniel to fuck her harder and
  faster.  
Kirsten tried with all her might not let the pleasure boil over into a orgasm
  and humiliate herself one last time, by coming from being gang banged by her
  friends, neighbours and work colleagues. But the pleasure was too much and
  she let herself go and came with an almighty orgasm. Hearing his wife cum sent
  Daniel over the edge as he orgasmed moments later, to the delight of Zoya who
  had achieved her goal of causing Daniel to orgasm while watching his wife's
  humiliation.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  VaVaVoom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





