BDSM Library - Dancin'




Dancin'
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young housewife starts stripping at a party, goes to a job interview, getting the job, ends up at a doing a private party. The beat of the bass guitar, the drum pounding, the rhythm of the music
  pulsed as though at one with Sandy's body. She closed her eyes. Holding a hot
  iron away form her and the ironing board Sandy spread her knees squatting as
  she swayed, her hips rolling from side to side. One, two, three to the beat
  she bounced her bottom. Sandy stood, smiled and pressed the next sleeve of
  Jack's shirt. She felt a bit randy today. Dancing made her feel nasty, good
  nasty. Passions flushed warm in her sex. She squatted and swayed again.  
 Today, alone in the world of her mind she felt those sexy randy urges pulsing
  inside her, keeping beat with the music. The dancing helped pacify them, and
  yet at the same time added fire to the urges and desires. Sandy methodically
  unbuttoned her blouse. It was hot at the ironing board. She swayed about. Iron
  in hand she squatted slightly spreading her hips swaying her bottom about to
  the beat. She felt nasty  and in that she sensed a fulfilling,
  no, good, no, better, it felt great in some fashion.  
 Sandy rasped the tune with a smile. The beat ended. The next song began.  
 Smiling Sandy stopped for a moment to finish the shirt. This was not helping.
  Unplugging the iron Sandy walked to the bedroom. Her son slept quietly. She
  plowed thru the back of her top drawer.  
 "Yes!" She removed the small egg shaped device. Another drawer found a new
  battery and her tightest jeans. Quickly she replaced the battery and slipped
  the egg into her sex. It was a struggle since the birth of J.J. to get into
  these jeans but with an exhale Sandy zipped them shut. The egg would not slip
  out now. She flipped the switch to 'ON' and left the room. Buzzzzz&hellip;&hellip;..  
 "Oh&hellip; yes&hellip;" She staggered catching her balance with the wall.
  The egg was working its magic&hellip; and she would not turn it off until the
  battery and her passions were completely spent. Sandy struggled to continue
  her chores. Standing to the sink she began washing the morning dishes. Deep
  inside tickled, then twinged, her tummy convulsed.  
 "God&hellip; yes&hellip;" She clutched her hips with both hands as the first
  wave of orgasm crashed upon her being. Sandy bent at the waist grabbing hold
  of the counter as wave after wave of orgasm raced thru her pussy, convulsing
  deep inside, spreading wonderfully upward thru her center. Her legs buckled.
  She fell to her knees&hellip; on the floor Sandy grasped her breasts.  
 "Yes&hellip;oh, yes&hellip;" She rolled her nipples firmly between her fingers
  as another wave of pleasure overwhelmed her being. Nearly fifteen minutes passed
  before Sandy's sex and the batteries subsided enough for her regain control.
  She stood on very shaky legs, squishing inside as she stood to the kitchen
  sink a smile widening across her lips.  
 "God Bless Ever Ready!" She swished the cloth about the bottom of the last
  bowl. The beat of the music caught her attention again. She began to sway with
  the beat. The days weren't so boring or so very long.  
 Ding Dong, the door bell rang. Sandy fussed straightening her clothes as
  she answered the door.  
 "Oh, hello." It was the man from down stairs. They had become good friend
  over the past year. He would stop by every few days and play with Sandy's young
  son. He and J.J. would sit in the middle of the floor playing with Legos while
  Sandy chattered going on about this or that. It helped pass the time. She had
  told Jack about her guest when he had first introduced himself as their neighbor
  downstairs. Jack had never really met Stan mostly because they worked different
  schedules. Nor had he minded the frequent visits. Sandy had always kept things
  friendly and Stan had never crossed the line of propriety with a young married
  lady.  
 "Come in, J.J. is asleep." Sandy went back to the kitchen sink. An occasional
  buzz caught her breath. She still had the egg inside and though the batteries
  were dead enough her motion created a bit more power, like shaking a spent
  flash light. Sandy smiled at the situation.  
 "So, what are you doing today?"  
 "I just stopped in to see you and J.J." The beat resumed. Sandy stood to
  the countertop as they visited. She swayed a bit, just a bit as she listened.  
 "You've got a nice swing there." Stan commented. Sandy blushed.  
 "Sorry. I wasn't thinking." Sandy stood tall, her face flushing slightly.  
 "No, seriously, you move well. It has a touch of sensuality to it." Sandy
    turned about. 
"Continue, Please."   
 Sandy swayed a bit more. They talked. She paused, squatted rotating her
  hips to the music.  
 "Like that?" She teased.  
 "Yes. Ever try anything else, like dancing in a club."  
 "No. Who would want to see an old married lady like me?"  
 "Anybody would. You're good&hellip; and pretty too."  
 "So what's next? What would someone dancing like that do next?" Sandy asked
  as she moved about the kitchen to the beat her back to Stan.  
 "Put your hands on your hips when you make that move then continue up your
  sides to your breasts."  
 Sandy did as he suggested still facing away.  
 "Then let your fingers pirouette around the nipples."  
 "Yes." Sandy turned to face her instructor, tracing small circles thru the
  fabric of her blouse and bras.  
 "Then they unbutton their blouse slowly&hellip; to the beat." Sandy undid
  the first three buttons&hellip; then the last. She squatted spreading her legs,
  caressing her thighs, then sliding her hands along her tummy to her breast.
  She slipped the blouse over her shoulders&hellip; it fluttered to the floor.
  Her finger tips pirouetted about each nipple now fully erect and rock hard.  
 "And then?" Sandy taunted.  
 "Then the Levis would go&hellip;" Stan caught his breath. Sandy unbuttoned
  her pants&hellip; slowly sliding the zipper downward. She paused. J.J. was
  stirring.  
 "Not your lucky day." Sandy zipped her pants before J.J. appeared. Sandy
  blushed at her brazenness. What was she doing??!  
 "Sorry. I mean, I didn't mean to&hellip; you know." Sandy blushed as she
  buttoned her blouse.  
 "Not to worry, Sandy. I enjoyed the show. Maybe another day&hellip;" J.J.
  wandered in rubbing the sleep from his eyes.  
 "You really could dance if you wanted to." Stan took J.J. to the play room.  
 "Next time&hellip;." Sandy trailed off pondering what it might be like to
  dance in front of people&hellip; on stage. She smiled returning to her chores.  
  
 That night Jack, intent on some football game or another, noticed the gentle
  sway of Sandy's hips as she went about her chores. It intrigued him. She had
  a genuine sensuality about the motion. They had never gone to a strip club
  and to the best of his knowledge had never even seen a stripper. Sandy moved
  better than any he had seen.  
 "Why don't you take it off with the beat?" Jack suggested hopefully. She
  smiled and began to move like Stan had directed. "Oh, yeah." He could feel
  his manhood taking rise as she reached the last button. Sandy took off her
  blouse tossing it squarely at Jack. He jumped up. Sandy ran to the bedroom
  squealing. Jack took her up on the chase. It was some of the most passionate
  sex they had shared in months.  
 Sandy began to dance for Jack once in a while. It was fun. They both found
  it exciting and stimulating. She never got passed her blouse and skirt or jeans
  before they ended up in a passionate twisted bunch somewhere, on the floor,
  the bed, and once on the dinning table. It was a great addition to their sex
  life.  
  
 ' Next time"  arrived for Stan about a month later.
  This time Sandy let her pants drop beneath her. She was so randy she could
  not contain her passions. Her soaked panties stuck to her sex as she danced
  in front of Stan.  
 "And?" Sandy puzzled at the question.  
 "Yes."  
 "Are you going to stop there?"  
 "Yes. I enjoy dancing for you&hellip; but that needs to be where I draw
  the line."  
 "Are you going to take the rest off?"  
 "I don't think so&hellip; not right now. I mean, no. Jack is the only one
  to see me completely naked. And I think I want to keep it like that for now." She
  could see the disappointment in Stan's face, but he respected her stand just
  the same.  
 "Next month's Super Bowl. I am having Sam, Dennis, Ben, and Dave over for
  the game. I wanna get a babysitter for the game. Can you fix a few dips and
  things for the game?" Jack asked his palms beginning to sweat as he pondered
  the next question.  
 "Sure. Deena can watch the kids for the afternoon."  
 "I want you to dance at half time&hellip; you know, like you do with me."  
 "No. That's for you, us, and no one else." She said flatly.  
 "Awe come on. Please. I mean it is so sexy. You could do a kind of waitress
  French Maid costume and then dance at half time. I really want you to, please?" Jack
  pleaded. Sandy stopped in her tracks staring directly at her husband.  
 "You want me to act like some randy tart&hellip; taking my clothes off for
  your friend's entertainment? Are you nuts?"  
 "Exactly!" Jack was missing the point shooting at him in her eyes and tone.  
 "And do you want me fuck them too?"  
 "No." He had not given it a thought actually. He sat stunned staring blankly
  at the floor.  
 "No&hellip; but you want them to see Me&hellip; and want to fuck Me&hellip;" She
  left to room. "So what's in it for me? I want something out this if I'm gonna
  give you what you want."  
 "What do you want?" Jack asked without a clue of what that might be.  
 "I want a hundred dollars to spend&hellip; and tips&hellip; and I'm gonna
  fuck one of them during the second half. If you want me to act like a randy
  tart then you gotta pay the price. And nothing for you till after the game
  either&hellip; I expect tips thru the whole damn game." Sandy came back into
  the room sure that this would be the end of it. She was really steamed.  
 "I'll talk to the guys&hellip; I&hellip; I&hellip; I&hellip; am just not
  sure about this though. I mean I don't necessarily want you with another guy&hellip; and
  some of them are married too."  
 "Put up or shut up." Sandy left the room angry at the entire situation&hellip; hoping&hellip; sure,
  but not sure about the result of her challenge. It would be the end of it&hellip;  
 Not!  
 "Remember the deal you proposed?" Jack asked in the quiet of the night as
  they lay next to each other nearly a week later.  
 "What deal?" Sandy asked nearly asleep.  
 "For the Super Bowl party?"  
 Sandy caught her breath instantly awake.  
 "Yes." She said dryly.  
 "Well." Jack fell silent. Sandy knew what was coming.  
 "Spit it out, damn it." She said flatly.  
 "Well&hellip; I don't want you having sex with anyone&hellip; but the guys&hellip; no&hellip; "I" really
  want you to dance at half time. I told them how sexy you are." He shifted uncomfortably
  under the covers.  
 "I told you the deal." She didn't want to fuck one of them either and that
  was her ace, her trump card to squash the whole thing.  
 "Sam and Dennis can't make it&hellip; but some of the guys at work wanted
  to come over." Unfamiliarity was Jack's trump card and he was pushing it. Surely
  she would not fuck a total stranger&hellip; and so he was trying to get her
  to just dance as a compromise to a total stranger.  
 "Really. You tell everyone our business?" She quipped.  
 "No." He whispered embarrassed at her accusation.  
 "But you want them to see my business." She rolled over to look directly
  at him.  
 "No&hellip; not really. Just dance. You know&hellip; blouse and skirt&hellip; nothing
  more."  
 "Okay. You know the deal. I dance, and nothing more. Not&hellip; I get to
  fuck one of them during the fourth quarter, when the game is on the line."  
 "Why can't you just do the dance and leave it at that?" Jack quipped a bit
  frustrated and angry.  
 "Because I don't want to strip for your friends."  
 "But you want to fuck them."  
 "No. Do you want me too?"  
 "No."  
 "Then drop this." It fell silent. They drifted off into a restless angered
  sleep.  
  
 Jack looked at Sandy across from the breakfast table. She was feeding the
  youngest.  
 "Alright. You win. $100, tips&hellip; and you can fuck whoever you want." Jack
  fussed with his shoes as he spoke.  
 "You really want this?"  
 "Yeah. I think you're the sexist women I've ever seen dance. I really want
  you to do this&hellip; just not the other thing."  
 "Okay, and not the other thing? Too bad. We'll have a drawing before the
  game. Better still, do one of those football pools, you know, where you buy
  a square with a score on it and the closest one to that score at the end of
  the third quarter is mine." Sandy scowled at Jack hoping still that he was
  going to renege his request.  
 "Sure a football pool will work if you have to&hellip; to&hellip; you know&hellip;" Jack
  finished tying the other shoe.  
 "I don't have to do any of this. It's your request and you remember that!
  And just to my bra and panties." Sandy mused aloud.  
 "No. Drop the bra too&hellip; but that's it&hellip; unless&hellip;" Jack
  faded in thought, fear, and embarrassment.  
 "No, just to my bra and panties." She said insistently. "And YOU won't get
  anything till after the game&hellip; what's that three weeks? So, suck it up
  buster!"  
 Sandy was twenty-eight, married four years with one small child. She was
  pretty though not the typical model, more like the girl next door, the one
  YOU know. She was not a petite size 4 nor had she ever been. Sandy had kept
  herself in reasonably good physical condition for a stay at home mother. Her
  hips were broad, but not fat. Her shoulders were stout, but not hefty. Her
  breasts, well her breasts were something special, large, round, and firm; not
  the mushy soft globs that many large breasted women have, but firm and tight
  like an over filled water balloon&hellip; and natural. Sandy's nipples were
  as big as a man's ring finger, hard when aroused standing almost three quarters
  of an inch tall. Her areolas were dark, pronounced adding wonderful definition
  by contrast to her nearly perfectly shaped breasts.  
 She had learned pubic grooming early, before marriage. Sandy kept her mound
  neatly trimmed for her and Jack. It was like shaving her underarms or styling
  and cutting her hair. It was simply part of grooming herself.  
 Her complexion was dark. She tanned so very nicely. In the light her hair
  shimmered in gorgeous auburn tones. Sandy's eyes were like wonder pools of
  dark chocolate. They could flash or glitter in an instant.  
  
 Sandy swayed about the washing machine. Though it felt a bit different now
  for she was lost in imagination, pondering up coming events. She strode to
  the bedroom mirror and stripped to her bra and panties.  
 "No. This just looks like underwear. I may have to do this but I'm not gonna
  look like I just pealed off to get into the shower. I'm going to get something
  better... much better." Sandy dressed going about her day.  
 At 2 PM Sandy loaded J.J. into the car seat and set off to the store. She
  began at Victoria's Secrets. There she did find a bra she liked. It was pink,
  cut low clasping at the front. The fabric was shiny with a baroque lace pattern.
  Though she felt completely endowed, ample in the chest, she did notice the
  accents of the pushup. She appeared much fuller and by adjusting their location
  she could change the visual effect. Cool. She decided that with this she was
  not going to lose her bra at the game.  
 But the panties&hellip; nothing&hellip; They all seemed to fit too&hellip; well,
  loose. Finally she found something in pink at Wal-Mart. It was a high French
  cut panties with lycra like stretch fitting. It felt like a second snug skin
  and though the baroque lace was not an exact match to the bra it was very close.  
 The Blue Boutique had a silly little French Maid outfit in red. Sandy tried
  it on.  
 "Yes. This with a garter and hose&hellip; White knit with the seam at the
  back." The outfit seemed right. Sandy felt a bit embarrassed at the excitement
  building within. "I'm not supposed to want  to do this
  damn it." She looked at herself in the fitting room mirror. "But I do&hellip; I
  really do." She confessed quietly to herself. Sandy decided to hide the costume
  until game day.  
 The next afternoon Sandy called Stan.  
 "Today is your lucky day. Can you come up?"  
 "My lucky day?"  
 "Because I'm going to dance for you&hellip;. I've got something I want to
  show you. Yes. Now&hellip;"  
 J.J. was taking his nap as Stan walked in. The music was playing. Sandy
  had moved the furniture about the living room creating enough room for her
  to dance&hellip; and one single chair sat available for her audience. Stan
  sat down. Sandy kept direct eye contact with him as she began to sway. She
  did as he had instructed&hellip; as she had done often since that first time.
  Her blouse soon lay at his feet. Soon after the next song began Sandy laid
  her skirt upon the blouse. Her new attire had not gone without Stan's notice.  
 "Do you like my new bra?" Sandy asked with a smile.  
 "Sure. It is very nice." Sandy reached the clasp&hellip; flick&hellip; she
  blushed. Her cheeks crimson as she laid her new bra at his feet. Sandy danced
  on sensuously swaying her hips. As the songs changed Sandy's finger tips danced
  a pirouette about her nipples her eyes never leaving Stan's.  
 The beat began. She swayed slowly. "Do you like my new panties?" Stan chocked
  on his answer.  
 "Yes." It was to much of a whisper to be heard really. Sandy swayed methodically
  depositing them too at Stan's feet. She stopped dancing.  
 "Now I've got nothing left to show you." Sandy blushed at her situation.  
 "Wow!!" Stan stood to Sandy.  
 "No. I'm not ready for that&hellip; yet. I have to perform on Super Bowl
  Sunday for Jack and the guys. After that&hellip; if you want&hellip; we can&hellip; you
  know&hellip;if you want."  
 "You sure?"  
 "Yes. But I wanted you to see me first&hellip; all of me&hellip; this way&hellip; before
  anyone else. Okay?"  
 "You bet." Stan sat back down a bit puzzled. "Perform?" Sandy dressed before
  explaining things to Stan.  
 "Can anyone come to the party?"  
 "I would prefer that you didn't&hellip; I don't want to ask Jack. Besides,
  I will dance again for you&hellip; just like now&hellip; and then you can&hellip; we
  can&hellip; Because I want to&hellip; fuck you too." After Super Bowl&hellip; and
  her fucking the 'winner' of the pool it wouldn't matter so much if she did
  one for her, just her. Sandy blushed at her blunt speech. "But for now I want
  you to help me dance, practice for the big day."  
 "Sure."  
 Sandy put her clothes back on and began again&hellip; Stan watching, lusting,
  suggesting, and Sandy obliging, practicing, and improving her sensuality-her
  stage sexuality.  
Game Day  
  
 Sandy sat at the kitchen table with the newspaper, the spread and the odds
  were plainly listed. She stared at the paper, reading &ndash; not reading &ndash; musing
  about things, today&hellip; all of today&hellip; emptiness gazing blankly.  
 "How many are coming?" She asked Jack as he entered the room.  
 "Are you really gonna do this? The pool, I mean." Jack asked still miffed
  about it.  
 "That was part of the deal." Sandy sat with a large posted board divided
  into to vertical and horizontal grids. One team she listed on top and the other
  team written neatly to the side. Sandy sat entering scores guided by the newspaper
  in front of her.  
 "You agreed to it. You can still cancel the deal. I don't have to stay here,
  you know. I can always visit Penny until later."  
 "Eight or ten. I am not sure really." Jack sat down with a thud.  
 "They know the rules, right? No one get to stay for half time unless they
  buy at least one square, right?" Sandy stopped to look at Jack. "Right?"  
 "Yeah. They know."  
 "And you? You have your $100?" Sandy asked frankly. "Time to pay up, Jack." Jack
  opened his wallet tossing the bill in front of her. Sandy posted the pool at
  the entry with a small jar, the buy-in, and a marker to write their names.  
 It was noon. She had another two and a half hours to finish the deli plate
  and dips. They had arranged the TV area to accommodate her performance as well
  as Jack's guests.  
 2:30 PM. It was time for Sandy to dress. Jack had yet to see her costume.
  Sandy closed the door behind her as she entered their bedroom. She took time
  to freshen up, wash herself with a damp cloth, powder, and perfume, make-up
  and stuff. She changed taking special care with each piece of her outfit. She
  stood to the mirror. Sandy liked the sexy image staring back at her. She heard
  voices&hellip; two or three had already arrived. It was ' Game Day  '
  and she was ready&hellip; kind of. Anxious about dancing, stripping, for strangers&hellip; and
  then to pool too.  
 "Here goes girl&hellip;" Taking a deep breath Sandy opened the door.  
 "Who wants a beer?" She asked striding to the center of the room&hellip; in
  front of the pre-game TV nonsense.  
 "Wow." Blurted one, the other man gasped. "I'll take one." Sandy smiled
  at Jack who stood with his mouth gaping wide. She strode to the entry. Nothing.  
 "Jack don't forget the game pool." She touted walking to the kitchen.  
 "That's right! Where's the pool, Jack?" One of them asked.  
 "In the entry." Jack said with a noticeable lack of enthusiasm. Both went
  to the entry. They paused reading:  
 $20 buy-in. One square each until everyone has a square then
        you may buy as many as you wish at $20 each. Those not participating
        must leave before half-time.   
   The pool was 10x10 marked off at scores of
  threes and sevens. That was easy. Forty dollars found the jar as each man made
  his fist pick. Sandy did not expect to sell all the squares but she did hope
  for a majority.  
 One by one they arrived&hellip; eight&hellip;ten&hellip; eleven by game
  time. The board was better than half sold before the game began. Sandy was
  busy. Busy with roaming hands, beer, chips, deli's, and more roaming hands.
  It had become too much to fend off by game time&hellip; she just left their
  hands to their adventure, besides Sandy felt her body responding to the attentions.
  Her pussy was warm and damp at kick-off. She took her leave to freshen up from
  the pre-game.  
 She looked at the pool, then at the money. The pool was nearly sold out.
  She picked it up and began counting. $980&hellip; and the $100 from Jack&hellip; and
  several tips tucked into her costume&hellip; She smiled. Somebody was going
  to get the fucking of his life! She vowed to herself as she walked to the kitchen.  
Half Time  
 With the end of the first half a cheer rose from the front room&hellip; and
  not for the game. It was time&hellip; her time. Sandy's felt cold, anxious,
  scared, nearing panic. Her hands were damp, clammy, and stiff. Her legs felt
  a bit wobbly as she heard chairs being moved about the room. Jack cued the
  tape. Sandy felt stunned at the first sounds of music. She knew what was next.
  Her. She was to perform&hellip; to strip for these guys. She gasped for air,
  clinching her hands into fists and then stretching the fingers she walked into
  the room. It was silent except for the music. Every eye was upon her. She closed
  her eyes tightly as she began to move. Sandy closed her mind to those about
  her struggling to feel, to absorb, to hide in the beat of the music. She pulled
  her hair upward off her shoulders as she rotated her hips. She began to be
  in the music. Sandy opened her eyes as she began to dance to the first two
  guys. Slowly her hands caressed her breasts, her tummy and hips. She was beginning
  to feel that randy twinge deep inside, a wanton sexuality building from her
  passions within. She had plenty of time. It was half time at the super bowl&hellip; the
  TV ads were not going to be missed. She danced slowly, sensuously to each man
  before the first button fell away. At the center of the floor Sandy removed
  the tiny French Maid costume. Pausing briefly as the next song cued Sandy danced
  to each man. Then her garter belt&hellip;. She had each of the two men buying
  the most squares remove one of her white knit hose.  
 "It's up to you what they see now." Sandy whispered into Jack's ear. "Undo
  the front clasp of my bra if that is what you want." She danced away&hellip; and
  returning to her husband at the beginning of the next and final song&hellip;  
 Jack hesitated. His hands trembled. The clasp slipped away. Sandy's breasts
  swung free. She returned to the center of the floor dropping the bra in front
  of Jack. She danced&hellip; allowing each man to suck her breasts&hellip; and
  in turn grope her twat. Then in front of Jack she stopped, picked her bra and
  walked to the bed room denying him a single touch.  
 Sandy returned to the room. Many more dollars lay on the coffee table about
  the chips and dips. Sandy gathered them as well as the bits of her costume
  from about the room. The game began. She waited on the guys in just her bra
  and panties&hellip; after all they had paid well for the privileged.  
 The end of the third quarter found several of the guys at the entry examining
  the pool. 'JACK' was the winner. A loud voice proclaimed his luck for everyone
  else.  
 "Well&hellip; It's up to you, Jack. You can watch the game or collect your
  prize&hellip; but you will miss the forth quarter."  
 "Not that good a game! Do you mind, Jack?" Jack asked politely&hellip; but
  then just exactly how does one ask politely of the host &ndash; Is it alright
  if I spent the next hour fucking your wife.  
 "You won&hellip; it's your choice." Jack sat into the chair concentrating
  all the harder on the TV.  
 "Yes!" Jack pumped his hand as he walk towards Sandy. She smiled. Her mouth
  was dry. It was pay-off time. She took him by the hand walking him to the spare
  bedroom. She had taken time to fix in up, a few candles, a soft fragrance,
  and her sexiest nighty&hellip; a full length flowing black gown, shear at the
  waist, with an opaque 'V' from the pubis to her shoulders, and a lace appliqu&eacute; at
  the bodice.  
 "Take a quick shower while I change." She showed Jack the bathroom and a
  robe. "I'll meet you in a minute." Sandy slipped into the nightgown while the
  shower ran. It stopped. She gave Jack a minute then stepped into the bedroom.  
 He entered behind her. Sandy turned about, a soft kiss, another&hellip; Gently
  but firmly he pressed her back to the door. Jack's hand cupped her breast.
  She flinched but only briefly. He held her firmly as he caressed and explored
  her breasts. She caught her breath as her pussy flushed from damp to wet. Her
  passion built as she began to undo his belt. Slowly she undressed Jack as they
  kissed. She knelt to his cock. Slowly she began to lap at his manhood. Sandy
  slipped it into her mouth&hellip; licking about its firmness&hellip; slipping
  deeper and deeper into her throat until the fullness of his manhood was buried
  to his balls deep in Sandy's throat.  
 She stood slowly pulling the night-gown above her head. She stood naked
  his eyes feasting upon her body. Sandy lay upon the bed taking Jack by the
  hand&hellip;  
 "Fuck me&hellip; Fuck my hot pussy&hellip;" She pleaded softly. Jack did
  not need another invitation laying into her sex Sandy guided his cock into
  her wet waiting twat. It felt hot firm satisfying in her wanton pussy. Jack
  began to work his cock in and out of her. Sandy met his passion with hers.  
 "Yes!" She paused&hellip; "Fuck my ass&hellip; I want you to cum in my ass." Sandy
  pushed Jack away. He was close and she knew it. She rolled to her knees presenting
  her bottom to him. Jack pressed gently at her anus. Slowly it slipped inside. "Yes&hellip;.
  Oh, yes&hellip; fuck my ass." Jack began to oblige. Jack grasped her breast
  as he rode her from behind. Sandy rolled the other nipple hard.  
 Jack grunted&hellip; "Yes&hellip; Yes&hellip; cum in my ass." Jack arched
  his back burying his cock deeper inside her bottom&hellip; filling it with
  his hot cum. Sandy waited until he was ready to withdraw himself.  
 "Lay still now." She laid him on his back washing his cock with a warm wash
  cloth she had brought in with her. Sandy began to work his cock slowly&hellip; it
  began to recover&hellip; "Good. My pussy needs more." Sandy placed his firming
  manhood at the wet vulva slowly sitting onto his shaft. "Oh, yes. That feels
  so good." She worked her pussy, her clit on his cock&hellip;"  
 "Yes&hellip; Yes&hellip; I'm cumming&hellip;I'm cumming." Sandy grunted
  too loudly for Jack's comfort. She bucked wildly and noisily as she lost herself
  in each wave of orgasm. Jack came in a convulsing grunt. "Yes&hellip; cum in
  my pussy&hellip; fuck my pussy."  
 The game was over as Sandy in her black nightgown escorted Jack from the
  bedroom.  
 "Best damn game ever!" They all commented to Jack&hellip; and seemed rather
  gracious to Sandy. "You gonna do the NBA Playoffs too?"  
 "Sure. Wouldn't miss it!" Sandy smiled as they helped her clean up the cans,
  plates, and other stuff about the TV room.  
 "Looking forward to it." One of the guys said as he left. Jack seemed a
  bit miffed&hellip; but then HE had opened the door to this.  
 The next day Sandy made good her promise to Stan and herself. Sandy enjoyed
  every second of it. Not just the dancing, which was a huge rush, but fucking
  Stan, which she did entirely for herself. She felt nasty, fulfilled, raunchy,
  satisfied enjoying every second.  
Dancing   
  
 "Look at the card I picked up today." Jack said tossing it across the table.  
 "Genesis." Sandy turned the card in her fingers. It was a picture of a woman
  in leathers with a bull whip. "Agents?" She asked.  
 "I picked it up at the auto body shop next door to where they are fixing
  the car. You'd never know it from the look of the place but they train and
  place exotic dancers. Marvin said the picture is the guy's wife." Jack sat
  in the kitchen chair.  
 "Bet not too many people throw his cards away." Jack laughed. Sandy fingered
  the card slowly thinking, considering the card in her hand. Jack left the room.  
 "I've never seen one." Sandy said inquisitively&hellip; "An exotic dancer,
  I mean."  
 "Really? then again you're a woman, so why would you?" Jack chuckled.  
 "Honest. In fact I've never even been to a male show." Sandy smiled at her
  generally conservative life. "Have you?"  
 "Now that's a question! Yes. I've been a few times with the guys. I can't
  afford to go really. By the time you've been there awhile it costs some real
  money. I mean a buck or two or three per song&hellip; in a three song set.
  It doesn't take long to really add up." Jack was more concerned about her reaction
  to his going to see the 'strippers' than the cost.  
  
 The week passed uneventfully. Sandy never threw the card out. She thought
  about things rather carefully. She had danced for Jack's friends and Stan.
  That had been fun, though quite nerve racking, truth be told. She enjoyed that&hellip; and
  the money she had made... well, that was interesting too. She thought about
  it. It was the sensuality, the fun of being nasty that she liked not just the
  idea of money, though she did not deny that part of things either. On Tuesday
  Sandy asked to go out.  
 "I want to go to a bar&hellip; you know where the exotic dancers are, real
  professionals not like the stuff we do or that thing you had me do for Super
  Bowl."  
 "Why?" asked Jack. Sandy stepped over the question ignoring it completely.  
 "Well I know of a nice enough pool bar where they have dancers." Jack said.  
 "Good. I asked Deena to coming over and watch the kids for the evening.
  Do they have dinner too?"  
 "Not usually. We can stop somewhere on the way."  
 It was dark, smoky and noisy. Jack held the door as Sandy stepping inside.
  There were a few, three or four ladies in booths around the club. Three men
  sat at tables surrounding the stage. Jack and Sandy sat next to a pool table.
  Jack dropped coins in the slot and racked the table. A woman appeared as the
  music started. She bumped, ground, dipped and unbuttoned her blouse. A turn
  and the blouse came off. Pasties covered her nipples. She danced with the beat&hellip; two,
  three, five dollars appeared at the table. Sandy watched closely. The woman
  shed her skimpy skirt. At the next song more money appeared on the tables&hellip; the
  woman made every effort to expose her intimate parts thru the thin fabric&hellip; more
  money appeared. Sandy counted the money quickly as it disappeared. She poked
  at her pool ball. It didn't drop in the pocket. At the end of the third song
  the woman left the stage. She took her money and her break. Sandy finished
  the game.  
 "Is that all there is to exotic dancing?" She asked quietly.  
 "Well. This is a fairly nice place. There are private clubs that are really
  classy joints and dives too. Why?"  
 "Let's see a dive because I've never been to one."  
 "Sure." Jack paid for the drinks as they left.  
 "This is a dive." Jack opened the door. It was smoky, noisy, and dark&hellip; and
  dirty. There were very few tables and one run down pool table. The stage was
  tiny and poorly lit. The woman was doing pretty much the same dance as the
  other&hellip; and money was appearing on the table, though not as much and
  the men were dirtier, but it was there none the less.  
 Sandy watched intently as they sipped their drinks. "And a private club?"  
 "They are more expensive, cover charges and all." Jack said. "More like
  a cabaret joint."  
  
 It was on the ride home that Sandy let the why out. "I called this Genesis
  agency out of curiosity. He said experience was not necessary. I made an appointment.
  Do you mind?" Sandy asked holding her breath.  
 Jack's heart stopped instantly. His wife on stage? A thousand images ran
  through his mind in that instant. His wife on stage? He considered&hellip; what
  a turn on!  
 "No! Not at all. I am just surprised, really surprised. I mean you&hellip; this
  is so&hellip; just&hellip; NOT you." Jack stammered.  
 "I know." Sandy's heart was in her throat. A very large part of her had
  hoped that Jack would demand her to stop such a thing.  
 Sandy stopped, glanced at Jack. "I'm not sure I can either but I'm gonna
  try."  
 "When?"  
 "Next Tuesday&hellip; at eleven." Sandy spoke quietly. "Can you take me?
  I think I need to know that it's okay&hellip; and that you'll be there." Sandy's
  voice was almost a whisper.  
 "Sure." Jack said understanding not a bit of anything.  
 At eleven o'clock Jack pulled up in front of the Genesis Agency. It was
  inconspicuous at a glance. Sandy tugged at the car door handle.  
 "You ready for this?" Jack asked.  
 "No. Not at all. I want to hide." Sandy's voice trembled.  
 "Your choice. Get back in and we'll be on our way." Sandy stepped from the
  car.  
 "No. I'm gonna do this&hellip; for me." She closed the door taking three
  quick steps to the front door.  
 "Hello. My name is Sandy. I have an appointment at eleven." The receptionist
  handed the usual form the Sandy.  
 "Please fill this out and have a seat. I'll let them know you're here." She
  stood leaving the room for only a minute. "They'll be right with you."  
 Sandy filled out a standard employment application. It was dismal to see
  the lack of experience in much of anything. She looked about. The others were
  so young, so petite, so&hellip; she fought the urge to run out the door.  
 "Hello." A woman in her forties spoke as she took Sandy's application. "Have
  you ever danced before?"  
 "No." The urge to escape welled up inside her again.  
 "Did you bring an audition tape?"  
 "No. I didn't know." Sandy choked on her embarrassment.  
 "That's okay we have several available. Come this way." Sandy stood following
  the Lady to a dance room. It had a stretching bar, mirrors, and wooden floor.
  It felt cold. Sandy's nipples tightened at the chill.  
 "Sit. Don will be right in. I'll just get a tape ready."  
 The waiting was almost more than Sandy could tolerate. Between nerves and
  embarrassment she regretted the folly of the moment. She stood to leave just
  as Don walked into the room.  
 "Okay. So you've never done this before..." He perused her application quickly. "You
  sure you want to do this?"  
 "No. I'm not sure. But then I won't know until I try either." Sandy said
  truthfully.  
 "Cue the tape." Don spoke to the mirror. The music started. "Let's see what
  you've got."  
 Sandy began to sway with the beat. She was familiar with the music for that
  she was grateful. A bump of the hip and rustle of her shirt and a few buttons
  Sandy lay her blouse open. A turn, another bump and she unzipped the skirt
  allowing it to fall to the floor. She stepped out of it not missing a beat.
  She wiggled about dancing like she had learned from Stan. Her hardened nipples
  protruding upwards against the soft tricot bra she had on, her lycra-lace panties
  clinging to her supple form. The music stopped&hellip; so did Sandy.  
 "And&hellip;" Don motioned for more.  
 "What?"  
 "Dear, take off the rest of you clothes." The Lady said. "If you won't do
  it here you won't do it on stage."  
 It wasn't the nudity really that stopped her so short. She was not emotionally
  prepared to dance naked, not here, not now.  
 "I didn't see any of the girls doing that last night." Sandy stammered attempting
  to cover herself with her arms.  
 "Some of our clients require nude dancers. All of our Ladies take a shift." The
  Lady said.  
 "Do you want to do this or not?" Don said flatly.  
 "Cue the tape." Sandy whispered. The music began. She dipped, turned and
  with a flick undid her bra. It slipped away. Her breasts giggled. Instinctively
  she covered&hellip; then moved on. Another turn and her lycra-lace panties
  lay next to her skirt. She moved to the music, embarrassed, cold and naked.
  It stopped. She stopped. Don looked inquisitively at Sandy then at the Lady.  
 "Shave the muff and have her report on Thursday." Don turned to Sandy. "It
  will take a bit of conditioning. You've a few pounds here and there so watch
  the diet. You'll be fine in a few weeks."  
 Jack left as Sandy gathered up her clothing. "What time Thursday?" She began
  to get dressed.  
 "About 4 PM. You'll be doing aerobics with the rest of the Ladies to burn
  those pounds and tone some muscle. And we'll start working on your routine.
  See you then."  
 Sandy walked out into the warm sunshine. Jack sat waiting. It had been almost
  thirty minutes. Sandy sat into the car.  
 "Well?" Jack said turning the ignition key.  
 "I start on aerobics Thursday at 4. They hired me." She giggled.  
 "Great." Jack exclaimed.  
 "But&hellip; I had to strip." Sandy said embarrassed.  
 "That's what they do, Sandy." Jack said.  
 "I know. But I had to strip&hellip; naked, completely naked."  
 "And&hellip; you did?" Jack asked stunned.  
 "Yeah, sure. I had to in order to get the job. They have several clients
  that require nude dancers." Sandy's head sagged a bit. "And everyone get a
  turn at that."  
 "But you look good naked." Jack said bolstering his wife.  
 "I have to shave my&hellip; you know&hellip; my pussy... bald I guess." Sandy
  said quietly  
 "Yeah! Alright!!" Jack exclaimed surprising Sandy with his enthusiasm. "Cool!"  
 It took a full month of aerobics and diet to get to where Sandy was ready.
  The instructor handed a note to Sandy after workout.  
Report to the Bottoms Up club at 6:00 PM tomorrow.    
   
   It was her first gig. She was excited&hellip; and
  scared to death! Sandy could barely contain herself as she handed the note
  to Jack. He read it out loud.  
 "Are you ready for this?" Jack looked inquisitively at his wife.  
 "I'm scared to death. It is what I have been training for. Are you ready&hellip; for
  me to go to work doing this?"  
 "I'm not sure now that it is here? But&hellip; well&hellip; I guess we'll
  both find out tomorrow."  
  
 The Bottoms Up club was a dive. Sandy was disappointed. The dressing room
  was cold, dark, and dirty. The guys&hellip; all three of them&hellip; were
  drunk. One was playing pool, the other was sitting at the bar trying to make
  time with the bar maid, and the last was sitting at the stage waiting for HER.
  Sandy dressed in silence. Cindy, one of the girls she had met at aerobics was
  just leaving.  
 "Hi. It was really dead today. Hope it's better for you tonight." Cindy
  quipped.  
 "This is my first time&hellip; on stage. I'm scared to death. Look." Sandy
  held her hand out for Cindy to see. It trembled. It was cold, clammy and sticky
  from perspiration.  
 "Here, let me help you." Cindy tied the bow at the side of Sandy's thong.
  She wore a smaller one underneath. "Tell you what. I'll sit at the bar and
  have a drink through your first set. If you get into trouble I'll be there
  to help out. Okay?"  
 "That'll be great. My husband will be here later, but he's taking care of
  my son at the moment. A familiar face will be nice. Thanks." Sandy said relieved.  
 "That's your cue." The song began as Cindy stepped out of the dressing room.  
 Sandy followed. She began her routine. It was different than that of her
  Super Bowl debut. She had developed it with the help of the instructor at Genesis.
  She was in a simple plaid 'A' line skirt and white blouse, a thong for show
  and a matching bra. It provided a good three song set, leaving her in a too
  tight thong and pasties at the half way stage of the last song.  
 By the end of the first song she had shed her blouse. Cindy nodded her approval
  as the next song began. By the end of that song Sandy had shed her skirt. Cindy
  smiled sipping her drink. The third song of the set began. Sandy lost the outer
  thong and her bra just as they had practiced. Cindy tipped her glass. Sandy
  smiled at the approval. By the end of the third song Sandy stood bare-chested
  with only two small pasties covering her nipples&hellip; and too tight thong
  defining the edges of her sex. Cindy sat through another few sets before leaving.  
 Jack arrived about 8PM. Sandy blushed as he waved timidly sitting away from
  the stage. They had agreed to that. Sandy felt uneasy as the bra came off.
  Her breasts swayed freely. The thong was next. Sandy mellowed with anxious
  embarrassment having her husband watching her strip in front of&hellip; nearly
  no one. Sandy smiled taking her break.  
 "Hi. So what do you think?" Jack asked quietly as Sandy sat down next to
  him.  
 "It's embarrassing having you watch me. This is a dive&hellip; and a dead
  dive at that." Sandy mused.  
 "Do you want me to leave?" Jack asked honestly.  
 Sandy paused. "No. If I do this, we do it together or not at all." Sandy
  touched his hand in reassurance. "This is a lot more work than you might think.
  I'm bushed."  
 They chatted about stuff&hellip; the stuff days are made of. "That's my
  cue. Break's over. Stay awhile, please." Sandy asked standing to leave.  
 "Sure. I'll be glad to." Jack said cheerfully.  
 Sandy danced most of night to a few drunks&hellip; and fewer tips. The crowds
  started to pick up about 9:30 PM. Jack left about 9. Sandy was tired by the
  time the tips began to keep pace with the beat of the music. She was catching
  the drift of exotic dance. Dance to the tippers&hellip; strip to those paying
  to see her stuff&hellip;. And she could strut her stuff! The tips began to
  pick up. That first night was a learning, trying experience.  
 By the end of the first month she had developed a small following of guys
  that came in just to watch her strut. Business was up, for her and the pub.
  Sandy learned to satisfy her sensuality validated with her dance.  
 Genesis moved her up to a nicer club&hellip; more girls&hellip; better conditions&hellip; better
  tips&hellip; etc. Sandy was enjoying herself. Jack attended when he could but
  usually he was taking care of J.J. It had been almost three months since that
  first interview.  
Party Dancing   
  
 Don handed Sandy, Suzy, and Tina an address with their pay stubs. "It's
  a company party, some big deal closing. Take good care of this guy. He's paying
  big money for you three."  
 A private party. What was that exactly? Sandy was not sure, except that
  she had a command performance Saturday night with two of the other girls.  
 "So what should I do?" Sandy asked quietly of Suzy, one of the other girls
  assigned to the Party.  
 "Do? Defend yourself." Suzy quipped. "These guys can get really aggressive
  when there is no 'stage' about."  
 "No stage. And where are we going to dance?"  
 "Where ever they want us to."  
 "What costume are you going to use?" Sandy asked as she waited for Suzy
  to dress after her work out.  
 Suzy giggled. "No costume Dear. This is buck naked."  
 "Oh." Sandy got quiet. She knew they had gigs like this&hellip; and now
  she had drawn her turn. Sandy's mind turned to Jack. She had to tell him. How?
  She wasn't really afraid of it, just concerned. They had resolved any issues
  with respect to her dancing weeks ago. Yet this was different, naked, private,
  no stage. It raised concerns in her mind too.  
 It was 9PM before the Party began. Suzy, Sandy, and Tina stood quietly behind
  a simple curtain. There was no particular dressing room. Sandy peered around
  the curtain.  
 "What is that? Tape on the floor&hellip; they don't expect that to keep
  anyone off us do they?" Sandy asked quietly.  
 "No. They are counting on it not doing anything at all. They expect us to
  put out." Tina said flatly. "And I'm gonna. There is big money to be made at
  these Party gigs."  
 "Not me!" Cried Suzy. "I'll do my part but I hate being pawed and groped
  by every drunk with a dick!"  
 "You're loss&hellip; that 's more for Sandy and I." Tina chirped.  
 "Me?" Whispered Sandy silently to herself.  
 By the end of the first set Suzy stood naked gathering up her tips. Generous?
  Yes. Suzy walked towards the curtain. Next it was Tina. She worked the crowd
  picking out the best tippers to give a bit of an extra show. Sandy walked out
  to the last set. She danced about loosing bits of her costume on cue as she
  had practiced. At the end of the second song she stood in bra and panties.
  The next song made her very nervous. She turned flicking the clasp of her bra.
  Her breasts swung free, no pasties to cover her. Another turn and the panties
  fell away, not even her natural muff hair to hide her sex. She danced naked.
  At the end Sandy gathered her tips&hellip; her clothes had completely disappeared.
  There would be nothing to hide under for the rest of the night.  
 After an hour of dancing and drinking Tina began allowing the best tippers
  to cuddle and caress her breasts. Suzy did not. Sandy followed Tina's lead.
  By eleven o'clock Sandy was horny, half drunk and naked. Men delivering a good
  tip got to suck her nipples. Bigger tippers diddled her sex. She wanted. Her
  body was responding aggressively to the stimulation. Her sex was wonton, wet,
  hot for a man&hellip; and with the liquor she did not care much which man.
  Sandy quaked nearing orgasm as one man massaged her clit. It was near 1 AM
  when Suzy left. Tina had disappeared nearly an hour earlier.  
 Sandy swayed her hips to the beat a man fondling her tits. "Yes." She groaned.
  He picked her up repositing her on her back at the buffet table. Sandy's legs
  widened as his cock found her sopping sex.  
 "Yes! Fuck me. Fuck my pussy." Sandy grunted loudly raspy with unbridled
  passions. A line was forming about the table. He&hellip; they&hellip; some
  six or eight men watched as he obliged her. Sandy grunted cumming and begging
  for more. Someone took his place at her sex. Her soft shiny sticky shorn sex
  full of cock Sandy drifted off sweet unconsciousness barely aware of the pulsing
  cock inside her. She awoke to her pussy lost in waves of ecstasy, cumming wildly&hellip; and
  a pile of money at the table. Sandy sensed a horrible feeling of use&hellip; with
  wry a smile. She dressed quietly. It was 3:30 AM as Sandy made her way from
  the Party.  
 She like this! The money was great&hellip; and to her embarrassment that
  sense of 'use' seemed to be more one of gratification. Sandy giggled as she
  dressed for home. Jack would be worried. Sandy called from her cell. He seemed
  sleepy and relieved to hear from her. Sandy felt tired&hellip; ready for bed.
  She needed rest and the comfort of her man and family.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





