BDSM Library - Celeste's Pacific Downfall




Celeste's Pacific Downfall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Celeste, the news anchor, comes a cropper when she is kidnapped, assaulted and humiliated by a band of serial rapists who threaten to ruin her career if she reveals what happened. She obeys, taking the first step that leads to her ultimate demise as the star of a snuff film shot on a remote Pacific island.
				Celeste's Pacific Downfall


				       Chapter 1



	The twenty something woman with short, bobbed, blonde hair headed out
for her morning run. Her baggy sweats concealed a whippet-thin, toned body with
surprisingly large firm breasts that were currently snugged comfortably inside
her running bra. The route she would take was well known to her and so she was
barely aware of her surroundings as she glided into the wooded area that marked
the beginning of her daily run. Another woman might have noticed the large
nondescript white delivery van parked close to the trees, its motor running.
Unfortunately for Celeste, her mind was occupied with other things such as the
news special she needed to edit before it went on later this evening plus the
usual routines items that were her lot in life as the local television news
anchorwoman.

	Today her life would abruptly change. Just as she reached the van its
side door rolled open and she was jerked off her feet and wrestled into its
interior. As the door was rolled closed, the van pulled out smoothly and moved
at moderate speed toward the outskirts of the small city. The entire process had
taken seconds. It was almost as if she had been swallowed up by one of those
trap door spiders that frequent the desert. In a sense her situation was every
bit as bad as the helpless prey of such a creature.

	Celeste struggled madly against her captors, two men wearing ski masks.
A vicious blow to the side of her head stunned her sufficiently that she offered
almost no further resistance as she was flung, face first, to the metal floor of
the van. A pair of handcuffs closed around her wrists and clicked shut. She was
their captive. A thick bar of an arm settled across her throat and she got a
warning squeeze that caused shivers to race through her body.

	"Any trouble from you and I will break your fucking face." The menacing
tone of the voice sent her into a strange sense of calmness. The thought of a
fist breaking her nose, perhaps her cheekbone, or worse still shattering her jaw
was frightening. For some bizarre reason the words, " Resistance is futile, you
must be assimilated," came to her mind. However when a large hand began fumbling
at the waist of her sweats she knew that these were not the Borg.

	Now she was naked from the waist down, her neatly cropped pubes
revealed, a hand roughly massaging the entrance to her cunt, gauging her
readiness for his rapidly hardening cock. " This one is gonna take some doing
before she's open for business," her assailant said to the one holding her
helpless in his firm grip. She grunted in pain as he entered her with a brutal
thrust. She was dry as the plains of the moon. Even under normal circumstances
she required considerable foreplay before she became responsive. He continued to
make progress against her unwilling flesh, substituting brute strength for any
form of gentleness. Celeste was experiencing rape in all its ugliness and anger.

	Before he was finished drenching her insides with his boiling rage, she
was on her shoulders, legs splayed over his hunched form as he battered her
furiously, causing her head to bounce against the thighs of the one still
controlling her movements. She was sobbing and shaking in frustration, unable to
defend herself from this awful assault on her person. At last he was done, or so
she thought when he pulled free of her. He chuckled, as if reading her mind, and
moved forward to force his wet length of still rigid flesh into her mouth.

	 Celeste was too shocked to initially react and he took full advantage
of that lull to punch his cock against the back of her throat, cutting off her
air supply. Now she was completely at his mercy,  unable to close her mouth or
use her jaws to defend against this intruder. His hands took clumps of her
blonde hair and used it as reins to control her totally. Her body thrashed
helplessly against the iron hold of his companion and slowly her resistance
weakened until she was limp. He continued to chuckle and use hammer-like thrusts
that bruised the sensitive lining of her throat. She would be hoarse for the
rest of her terrible ordeal.

	She did not remember passing out, but she struggled and sputtered when
something wet and burning was forced down her throat. "Looks like our little
guest has returned for more fun and games."  Those words made the blonde woman
realize that her throat was no longer blocked by her rapist's cock, but she was
now being forced to swallow some kind of liquor, a cheap, sweet wine, the kind
used by winos and the other derelicts that wandered the lower depths of this
city of nearly two hundred thousand souls. She felt the cruel hand of one of her
assailants at her breast, now free of the bra. It gave her sensitive nipple a
vicious pinch causing her to gag on the wine that was still being poured down
her throat. "No more shit from you or I'll ram my dick so far down your throat
it'll come out your asshole." Another nasty pinch followed as if to emphasize
the threat she'd just heard. She controlled her fears to the point that she was
able to resume swallowing the contents of the bottle being held to her lips.

	They changed places and the one who had nearly choked her to death with
his cock now had her neck in a grip that he demonstrated could cut off her air
in no time flat. She was horrified at the sight of the other man's enormous
cock. It dwarfed the previous one that had so brutally hurt and tormented her
insides. She recoiled and discovered she could no longer draw breath. "Looks
like she isn't exactly thrilled about what you're gonna jam inside of her", her
captor said with that mocking chuckle that she was already beginning to dread.

	He rubbed that awesome weapon across the lips of her cunt, teasing the
dry flesh. She whimpered, fearing the worst when that monster ripped through her
tender channel and bored deep within her. Celeste was not disappointed. The pain
was unbelievable, she thought he was literally tearing her apart as he wedged a
few inches into her gaping cunt. She felt as if he had just struck her with his
fist, from the inside. When he hunched forward and drove another few inches into
her, splitting her open in brutal fashion, she vomited. Her stomach heaved and
contracted, emptying the acrid contents all over her body and splashing other
portions onto her rapist's naked front side. He drew back and angrily lashed
out, nailing her squarely between the eyes. The initial shock from the blow
shielded her briefly from the pain which then exploded through her brain. It was
like a thousand migraine headaches rolled into one. She could not breathe,
things grew dim and then she was once again unconscious.

	Once during the long ride the van made a brief stop. Evidently they had
switched drivers so all three of them could take a turn raping and hurting her.
By then Celeste was nearly comatose from the brutal battering she had taken.
This one yanked her top up and over her head and jerked it down to further
secure her arms. Her sports bra, a 36D, was quickly torn off exposing her big
melon shaped breasts with their silver dollar sized areolas and nipples as big
as pencil erasers. While the first one drilled out her dry fuck box, this one
feasted on her big boobs. He was literally chewing on them and leaving deep
impressions of his teeth behind as he moved from one to the other. His big hands
were busy as well, squeezing those bags of firm flesh as if they were fruit at a
produce stand and he was testing them for ripeness. There was nothing she could
do but try to hold on to her composure and not give into fear.

	Her composure crumbled when she was rolled onto her stomach and a pair
of calloused hands spread her cheeks apart. She was about to be sodomized, and
there was little she could do to stop it. She heard her rapist's grunt at the
same time this horrible pain spread out from the tough muscle guarding her
rectum. She screamed into the gag and for her troubles received a vicious cuff
to her head from the other one. "Make the bitch bleed. I want her to be really
hurting before I ruin that shit chute forever." The threat sent her into a mad
panic and she struggled mightily to get the cock out of her asshole, which felt
as if someone had just set it on fire. She heard him laugh and the pain grew as
he wedged his thick length of meat deeper into her tight tunnel.

	"Just you lay there and enjoy this bitch! I'm gonna open up that tight
shitter and make it easier for the next couple of dozen guys who use it once we
get to where we're going." His words drove her into a frenzy as she bucked and
tried to throw him off. A new pain intruded into her consciousness. It felt as
if someone had taken a baseball bat to her neck and upper back. The one raping
her asshole had sat back and was now punching her as hard as he could. Each blow
emptied her lungs of air and soon she was on the verge of passing out. Then the
vicious pummeling stopped and the anal rape was renewed. He battered her with
brutal thrusts that felt like a red hot poker was tearing through her. She gave
up struggling and just prayed that this beast would finish torturing her sore
asshole quickly. It was not to be. He took his sweet time, backing off whenever
he felt the urge to hose her insides rising to an uncontrollable level.

	 Her assailants never gave her a moment's peace. Their hands pawed her
breasts and poked and prodded her cunt and asshole. They pinched her skin just
to make her scream into her gag and one of them seemed to be fascinated by her
nipples. He pulled them taut. He twisted them until she shuddered from the pain.
He nibbled and bit them, worrying the nubbins of flesh like a terrier with its
prey. He bit down on the area of pink flesh surrounding them until she thought
he would draw blood. Things became much worse when the other one began punching
her breasts as if they were twin speed bags; hitting them with short, quick
jabs, being egged on by his companion who urged him to put more muscle into his
punches. He finished up by delivering two hammer like blows to her sore mounds,
driving the bair from her lungs.


	The van reached its destination and before they tansferred their captive
to the house, a hood was placed over her head and noosed tight around her
throat. She made a strange sight, naked except for her running shoes and the
rolled up sweat shirt that encased her upper arms. She was half walked, half
dragged into the isolated ramshackle house that would become her own private
hell for the rest of the weekend. She heard voices as she entered the house.
Then she felt hands beginning to paw her body and the voices commenting
obscenely about what they had in store for her.

	"Damn, this one has a terrific body, look at those melons! Damn, I'm
gonna love to tear into those big tits once we're done fucking her bowlegged."
Another voice joked that it would probably take all weekend to fuck her the way
she deserved. There was laughter and then a finger worked its way up her cunt
and wiggled around in the swampy mess that had been deposited there during the
long ride.

	"Looks like you guys have been busy breaking this cunt in. Hope you
didn't ruin it for the rest of us." This comment brought on more rough laughter
and more fingers poking into her fuck box and dripping asshole.

	"Damn, we're gonna have to swamp this pig out before we start in on her,
she's really loaded fore and aft." She recognized the voice as the one who was
fascinated with her breasts.

	"Take her down to the head and clean her out good; there's a hose in the
tub that you can use." There was some grumbling, then she was shoved forward and
guided down a long hallway. She heard a door opening and then she was on a tiled
floor. They positioned her so her legs were spread wide. She guessed she was
standing in front of a tub, she could feel the smooth enamel brushing against
her legs.  She heard the sound of water running, then felt the cold blast first
splashing against her pubes then being directed into her vagina. The two men
doing the job bantered back and forth as her cunt filled to overflowing with the
cold water and then began spraying out.

	Those same calloused hands that had spread her cheeks prior to
sodomizing her in the van, once more did the honors and Celeste gasped into her
gag as the cold water began to insinuate itself into her rectum. She was turned
around quickly, a hand smacking her cheek to guide her as if she was a dumb
animal. The pressure on her colon increased as the tap was opened further. She
began to feel full and had the strong urge to move her bowels. Her discomfort
was obvious to the two men and they joked about giving her enough water to make
her look as if she was pregnant with twins. At about that moment she lost
control of her bowels and began to spew a mixture of water and shit into the
tub. They laughed and yanked the hose from her asshole and told her to squat so
her shit wouldn't splatter all over the place. She did as they ordered and at
that moment she wanted to die from the shame she was experiencing, squatting
naked in a filthy tub watched by a pair of degenerates as she voided, unable to
stop the flow that issued from her roiling intestines.



				(To be continued)




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall


				     Chapter 2


	They hosed Celeste down until they were satisfied that she was clean and
free of anything that might be off-putting to the gang of rapists that were
assembled at this isolated location. Little did the blonde newscaster realize
that she was just one of a long line of victims that had fallen prey to this
army of fiends. Before marching her back to the large room where more than a
dozen men plus a few carefully screened women waited, they made sure that she
would not have the opportunity to see, and possibly identify later, any of her
assailants. The hood was removed from her head and she blinked and tried to
squint to protect her dilated eyes from the harsh light in the filthy bathroom.
Standing there were the same three masked men that had abducted her. At least
that is what she was told; it didn't really matter to the frightened woman who
was more concerned with what was about to happen to her, than anything else.


	Before she knew what happened one of them had her in a choke hold. He
gave her windpipe a taste of what kind of pressure he could apply, and she
calmed down immediately. Cotton pads were taped over her eyes and these covered
further by a black sleeping mask that was held in place by an elastic band. Her
hands were uncuffed so that she could be stripped completely naked. Once this
was done, the cuffs were restored. The one that did that made sure the metal
bands fitted tightly against her wrists. "OK sweetheart, let's get the show on
the road. A hand smashed across her ass and she gasped in surprise and pain.
Someone pushed her forward and they began the long walk down the hall and into
the large room.

	Celeste felt as if she was a piece of meat as hands began poking,
pinching and prodding her naked flesh the moment she entered the room. A set of
fingers punched their way into her dry cunt and began stretching her tender
insides as a raspy voice made obscene comments and threats. "This cunt is dry
and tight. I think it needs some cock to loosen it up and get her juices
flowing. I think this uppity bitch needs a good pounding for a couple of hours
to show her who's in command here."  Another hand pinched her ass cheek
viciously and still another squeezed her clit in a grip of iron, mashing the
nubbin of sex flesh as Celeste groaned and pleaded for relief from the pain.
Then her world exploded as a knee came up between her legs and lifted her body
off the floor as she grunted, choked and gasped for air, almost simultaneously.
She fell to her knees which sent a new wave of pain rolling over her.

	That was the signal for her assailants to begin feeding on her body like
a school of sharks. Her thighs were pried apart and the first of many cocks tore
into her dry channel and worked its way deeper as she lay on her back on the
wooden floor. Other hands were clawing and stretching her breasts; there was
nothing sensual about what anyone was doing to her. It was just an exercise in
brutality and violence against her person. The one raping her had finally gone
as far inside her as he could and now he was beginning to hammer away at her
helpless body, driving his cock in and out of her like it was some kind of a
weapon. All the time he was laughing and asking her " How's that you fucking
bitch? How's that! I'm loving it, you piece of shit! How's that!" Celeste felt
sick to her stomach and then she made the mistake of throwing up.

	Her attacker seemed to lose what was left of his mind. His fists began
slamming into her breasts and then he pulled free, all the while screaming that
she would die for what she had just done. Then she felt strong hands wrapping
around her neck and then her head was bouncing off the wooden floor as he choked
her and tried to drive her head through the floor at the same time. The pain was
indescribable; so much was happening and all at the same time. Celeste was
convinced that she would die here in a matter of moments so violent was this
assault on her person.

	"Some one get that crazy bastard off her before he kills the stupid
cunt! God damn it! Get that mother fucker off her now!" Celeste was just on the
verge of passing out when the vicious attack on her abruptly ended. Before she
could even begin to pull herself together another cock was entering her. This
one was a bit bigger and the pain increased as he bottomed out, paused, and then
began pounding way at her without uttering a sound. It hurt each time he rammed
it home and his pace stayed steady and relentless. Her breasts were now bouncing
in rhythm to the powerful strokes he was delivering. They were so hard now that
her entire body shook each time he finished deep inside her body. Celeste could
feel the bile rising in her throat and she willed herself not to lose control
while the brutal rape went on and on and on.

	Just as Celeste seemed to be accommodating herself to the brutal raping
she was getting, another cock began punching its way down her throat. This
unexpected development caused her to choke and sputter as the length of hard
meat wormed its way deeper down her gullet, cutting off her precious air supply.
She panicked and tried to bite down on the intruder, but her jaws had been
extended to the point that she was unable to get any leverage to use against it.
Suddenly her head seemed to explode.

	This new one had punched her viciously right between the eyes. The pain
was like ten migraines rolled into one, sharp and stabbing as if she had been
struck by a hammer. Lightning bolts flashed across her optic nerve, accompanying
the terrible pain. She made no further effort to prevent anything that was
occurring to her; Celeste had resigned herself to whatever they had in store for
her. It was useless to struggle; that only meant more pain, a totally
unacceptable alternative to just going along with whatever they wanted.

	They wanted a great deal from her. As the hours dragged by, they became
more creative in how they raped her. There always seemed to be at least two
cocks moving in and out of her body, occasionally three. Her throat became sore
and swollen making it even more painful to handle those that used it for their
sport. It finally dawned on her that in this case what each was striving for was
to force her throat to go into convulsions around their hard dicks. That seemed
to provide a type of stimulus that was unique, and often resulted in her getting
a bellyful of salty cum.

	The number of men that chose to use her asshole grew as the hours rolled
by. This too seemed to be their plan, as it now was taking most of them much
longer before they filled her cunt, mouth or asshole with their hot loads of
boiling hate. Her asshole now was gaping to the point that it remained wide even
while they were exchanging positions so a new rapist could begin to sodomize her
throbbing back channel which had begun to bleed from the continuous battering
and stretching her tender tube of flesh was enduring.

	As more and more of the rapists had a second and third chance to hurt
Celeste and further reduce her self-esteem and confidence, they took to more
creative ways. The first time that one of them inserted a dollop of liniment
which quickly turned to fire inside her fucked-out asshole, she nearly passed
out from the pain. It got only worse when that sadist followed up this initial
torment with his cock, now sheathed in a double walled condom. He took his time
sliding it in and out of her burning tunnel and moving it from side to side to
make sure that the acid-like substance penetrated every possible area within her
colon. Others seized on this idea and for what seemed like an eternity Celeste
learned what life in hell was all about.

	Periodically during her continuous raping more of that sweet wine was
forced down her raw, burning throat. It began to have an influence on her; the
pain was now less intense and the insults and threats that assaulted her ears
lacked the bite they once had. Celeste vomited while she was being double
penetrated, two rapists buried to the hilt in her asshole and cunt as the rest
of them cheered the pair on to damage her insides even more.

	She received a brutal beating for this breach of conduct, her face
slapped over and over as they cursed and tried to bury it in an ocean of spit.
This led to others forcing her mouth wide and spitting down her throat until
they were too dry to produce any more saliva. By then Celeste was drifting off
into an alcoholic haze as the frequent slugs of wine she swallowed took over her
body and senses.

	Responding to the complaints they were getting about how badly Celeste
stunk from her vomit and the steady seepage of cum from both her lower holes,
the trio of kidnappers was once again pressed into service. This time Celeste
was dragged down the corridor by her hair, the three of them taking turns as she
was transported back to the bathroom, the rough wood of the floor scraping away
patches of skin from her naked body. Once inside that foul smelling place she
once more brought up the contents of her stomach and paid for it as they took
turns punching her in the stomach and breasts as well as kneeing her in the cunt
until she was unable to bring up anything of consequence from her roiling guts.

	The hose was jammed into her cunt, then her asshole once the stream of
water that issued from her swollen twat ran clear. She thought she would die
when they forced her to literally swallow the hose, creating renewed agony as
her swollen, raw throat was further abraided by the passage of that length of
rubber tubing. Worse still breathing became problematic; there was only a very
small path that allowed for the passage of air into her lungs, desperate for
oxygen.

	They turned the water tap wide open and laughed as she began to drown in
the tub just from the torrent of water that now was filling her aching stomach
to its limit and at the same time was expanding the tubing just enough to
completely cut off her air. They watched impassively as her face lost its color
and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. The last words Celeste heard as
she was passing out were, "Maybe we ought to turn off the water before she dies
on us. They'll be hell to pay if we deprive the gang of all the fun they still
intend to have with this dumb cunt."



				(To be continued)




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall


				     Chapter 3


	When Celeste returned to consciousness, her stomach was emptied by means
of a few brutal kicks and knee drops that forced everything worth coming up out
of her. She was hosed down as she lay in the tub, coughing and desperately
trying to clear her lungs of all the water that had found its way there.

	A mock cheer rose from the assembled group of rapists as Celeste's naked
body was dragged by her hair into the room for a resumption of the gang raping
she was getting.

	This time the few women involved came to the fore, introducing the
newscaster to their strap-ons modeled after some large farm animal or one of the
more well-endowed members of the porn world. They took her back-to-back while
the men concentrated of choke-fucking her raw throat, enjoying the strangled
sounds that they caused. She brought up plenty of bile, but nothing else.

	The women focused on hurting her in those special places that only
another woman knew. The way the strap-ons were worn allowed them to maneuver
them into configurations not possible for the male sex equipment to assume. They
chortled every time one of them managed to dredge up a scream of agony from her
as they found one of those super-sensitive spots.

	One of the women had modified her dildo to make it an even more fiendish
implement for torturing any hole that it was inserted into. Her sissy boyfriend
claimed that when she raped him with it for the first time he felt as if he was
burning in hell. That remark had made her day and turned his into one long
nightmare as she experimented with other variations of what she had done to her
tool. In essence she had turned it into a combination scraper and a system for
delivering various ointments and even liquids deep inside the cunt, asshole or
throat of the victim she was working on. Today it would be Celeste who suffered
the fires of hell as they burned deep inside her cunt, perhaps even penetrating
into her uterus.

	She had used a sharp knife to cut jagged serrations along the length of
the hard plastic. Then she had cross-cut another series of saw-like grooves
perpendicular to the first set of markings. When inserted into a tight area,
these tiny saws would abrade away any flesh the tool encountered. It did not
matter at what angle it was inserted, the result was always the same, massive
damage to the walls of the cunt, asshole or throat being reamed. It was rare
that she used her modified dildo on a throat, but there were a few women who now
spoke with a voice that was beyond raspy as a result of their session with the
tool. It now appeared that one more could be added to that "elite" group.

	This sadistic lady had also discovered by accident that the areas where
the grooves intersected could hold small, but sufficient amounts of liquids,
pastes or ointments. The grooves themselves could transmit the material to any
portion of the dildo by means of capillary attraction. She had tried out this
idea on her sissy boyfriend as well and almost fried his insides on a number of
occasions. Now Celeste would have the opportunity to feel the full effect of
this hellish tool.

	Celeste shreiked in agony as the dildo penetrated her swollen cunt and
began tearing away sections of its wall as it made the journey towards her
cervix. The entire purpose of this initial attack was to create a super
sensitive area that would be further attacked by the chemical that would be
injected from the serrated areas of this tool of the devil, once it was loaded.
The woman planned to use a chemical that would desiccate her cunt flesh, sucking
it totally dry of any moisture, thus making it vulnerable to any intruder that
contacted it.

	The pain from this horrible rape was so intense that Celeste could
easily have bitten her tongue off on a number of occasions as the tool pumped
back and forth inside her tender cunt, ruining the membranes that guarded its
length from harm. Nearly all the time this was going on however, there was a
cock jammed down her throat, now and then moving out to give her a chance to
catch a breath before her throat was closed off once more. The pain level she
was experiencing created a new type of convulsion in her throat muscles and the
one enjoying it was literally screaming with elation as he was treated to a
sensation that few men ever had known.

	A few members of the rape gang whistled and clapped while the woman
carefully swabbed the length of her dildo with the chemical that would dry up
the newscaster's cunt juices, her hand protected by a rubber glove. She made
sure that the material filled in most of the grooves in her tool before she
positioned it at the mouth of Celeste's raw, open wound of a cunt. Her scream
began barely seconds after the dildo was inserted and started penetrating her to
its limit, soon to be knocking against her uterine wall and saturating it with
the chemical. The scream turned into a wail and then a keening sound that made
the hair on peoples' napes stand at attention. Celeste began to howl like an
animal as the desiccant ate away at her insides. The woman raping her just
grunted, grinned and pushed further into her prey. The guy throat fucking her
withdrew his cock for fear that she would have a convulsion that would lock his
prong inside her throat causing her to probably die of asphixiation.

	Celeste passed out after her voice quit, and just before the tremors
that originated deep inside her dust-dry cunt began to ripple through her body.
As soon as the hellish length of hard plastic was withdrawn, the other woman
rapist took her turn. She had strapped on a thick piece of black rubber and
immediately she started pushing it into the dry hole that was Celeste's cunt.
The pain from this insertion awoke the slim blonde and she croaked like a frog
as her voice tried to transmit the terrible agony she was once more undergoing.

	The second woman took her sweet time skinning Celeste's cunt from the
inside out as the blonde shuddered and croaked mindlessly from the endless pain.
She hammered away wth hard strokes, getting her hips pumping to assist her in
driving the black invader as deep into Celeste's burning fuck box as she could.
A feral look crossed her face when she actually touched bottom inside Celeste's
twat, the head of her dildo now punching against the entrance to her uterus. The
newscaster's eyes rolled up into her head, disappearing as she fainted away, the
terrible agony she was experiencing taking a toll on her mental state as well.

	When they revived Celeste at long last, having to resort to burning her
nipples with lit cigarettes, she was nothing but a vacant-faced shadow of the
young woman that had been kidnapped less than twelve hours ago. The organizers
of this gang rape held a short meeting to decide what direction to take in the
next few hours. There was concern that she might not last the time they had
scheduled for her gangbang. The solution involved using drugs to stimulate her
senses and sexual urges.

	She offered no resistance as they injected her with a drug cocktail that
made everything seem to be moving at a hundred miles an hour, blocked much of
the pain she was currently experiencing from the brutal dildo raping she had
just taken, and turned her into a living blow-up doll. Of even greater
importance it affected her sight in a strange way, blurring the faces of her
assailants. This was one of the best features of this particular drug
combination, and it allowed them to create an insurance package that almost
guaranteed that their victim, and there had been many, would never reveal to
anyone what had happened to her.

	Celeste blinked and squinted when the sleep mask and pads were removed
from her eyes,allowing her to see. They checked on her ability to discern shapes
and then tested her in the all important area of facial recognition. She failed
miserably, much to their delight. One after another they took up positions
within her field of view and viciously slapped her across the face or buried a
fist into her belly. The slim blonde made no attempt to protect herself from
this brutal treatment. This confirmed what all those who had voluntarily taken
the drug reported concerning their ability to recognize faces. Now satisfied,
they moved into phase two of this fiendish torture and rape session.

	For the next hour or so they took turns raping Celeste fore and aft
while the action was taped and photographed. Later the pictures would be
carefully edited, cropped to protect the identity of those doing the nasty with
their victim, and used as another way of making sure that their guest of honor
wouldn't do anything stupid like go to the authorities. The two women had the
luxury of wearing masks while they were posed with Celeste, showing them doing
what ladies of the lesbian persuasion did to and with each other.The blonde
newscaster looked positively ecstatic at the sight of the dildos that the ladies
were introducing into her cunt and asshole while she kissed and rimmed their
assholes and chowed down on their hairy twats. What helped matters considerably
was the large quantitities of cheap wine that they poured down her throat during
the lengthy photo session.

	Then it was back to doing as much harm as they could to their victim's
insides as well as her mind. She began to bleed from both lower holes as they
savagely ripped their way through her dry swollen flesh and did their best to
inflict the maximum amount of pain to her before dumping load after load of hot
thick creamy cum deep within her. "God I hope we manage to knock her up. That
would be the frosting on the cake if she finds out next month she's carrying a
little souvenir of this get-togeher." Celeste barely reacted to that ominous
threat, she was too busy trying not to throw up as her full belly absorbed some
of energy being delivered by those thusting cocks that relentlessly hammered
away at her cunt and asshole.

	She went back to the bathroom for another cleaning out; the hose shoved
brutally up her bleeding cunt and the water blasting away inside that torn and
bloated tunnel. Her asshole was gaping from all the attention they had been
giving to it, and when the hose was jammed into her rectum she screamed and
passed out. It didn't help her cause any when she also began to vomit up the
sweet wine that they'd filled her with during the photo session. One of the
masked trio lost his temper and grabbed her by the throat and began backhanding
her across the face as her head lolled as if someone had cut the stings
controlling it. Cooler heads brought things back to something akin to normalcy.
Once more they pushed and dragged her back to where the rape crew awaited. This
time something new had been added.

	Celeste blinked and tried to get her eyes focused, which proved to be
quite difficult due to the drugs she had been given a number of hours ago. She
still could not see details on the shapes that moved across her field of vision.
The shapes seemed to separate in one part of the room, and she was dragged
towards this area. She detected a new shape, smaller but wider than the others.
They threw her to the floor and she picked up the scent from this new shape. It
was some kind of an animal, but in her drug addled state she was unable to
describe it further. A flashbulb went off, then another and another; they were
taking pictures of her with the animal. Someone pushed her closer and then
placed her arms around the animal's neck. When it growled, Celeste finally
realized she was hugging a dog, a very big dog.

	It took her some time to realize that this huge animal was going to be
attacking her quite soon. Despite the drugs and the alcohol Celeste began to
react in terror to what was about to happen to her. She begged, she pleaded, she
offered to do anything they wanted, give them all the money they could spend,
anything but make her fuck the dog. Her raspy pleadings and outrageous offers
only made them laugh.

	Celeste felt something like cloth being rubbed against her cunt; it had
a strange odor, sort of musky or perhaps like damp fur. Then she felt the paws
of the animal on her shoulders followed by a series of rapid jackhammer-like
blows to her vulva as it's dripping length of red cock sought to find the
entrance to her cunt. She screeched and sobbed as it found what it was seeking
and began to hammer away with a fury that no human could possibly match. The
assault was so violent that her body was lifted from the floor and she found
herself being literally pushed from one place to another as the animal fought to
stay in contact with her seasoned twat that was the impetus for it's blind
attack on her body.

	She was only dimly aware of the comments and cheering that came from
those shapes surrounding her and the dog. She winced every time there was a
flash of light, knowing in her befogged mind that they were recording her utter
degradation and would probably use it to make her do something as bad or even
worse. Then she felt the dog's semen washing against her battered cunt walls
that still bled from the past torments she had undergone.

	Worse yet, there was this growing pressure deep inside her cunt that was
stretching the tender tissues to their limit. Then the dog began to growl and
drag her around the room as if she was a rag doll. She and the animal were
locked together by its swollen cock, now turned into what was known as a knot,
nature's way of guaranteeing that his bitch would accept the fluid that would
normally impregnate her. For almost ten terror filled minutes Celeste was
scratched, bitten and mauled by the frantic animal as it sought to escape this
trap of it's own making.

	Once they got separated, Celeste was forced to do something even more
vile to her sensibilities; suck the dog until it was ready to mount her once
more. A few vicious blows to her head and a wicked one-two to her breasts
convinced the blonde that it was comply or be beaten senseless and then forced
to do it when she was revived. She let herself be properly positioned so she
could begin sucking the animal's dripping cock which was still hard. The foul
taste in her mouth was nothing compared to the humiliation she felt. She was
neary blinded by the popping flashbulbs. It seemed as if everyone in the room
had a camera and was madly capturing her total degradation for their own private
collection.

	The huge dog had her three more times before it curled up, licked it's
dick and went to sleep. The masked trio took her to the bathroom, cleaned the
dog cum from her cunt and face, then returned her to the room for more fun and
games. By now she was nothing more than an automaton that blindly followed
orders regardless of their consequences. For the final few hours the rape crew
vied with each other to see who could wring the last drop of humanity from their
captive.

	Celeste drank urine, theirs as well as her own. Not satisfied, they
collected some from the dog and made her first gargle with it and then swish it
around inside her mouth until she was told to swallow it in one big gulp. This
final act made her choke and spew dog piss from her mouth and nostrils as they
laughed and smacked each other on the back.

	A couple of them made Celeste lie on the floor with her legs spread so
they could have a contest to see who could get the most foot into her wornout
cunt. The maniac who had tried to kill her initially now took some added
revenge. Before anyone could stop him he managed to bite her breasts until he
drew blood and nearly severed one of her nipples. She would bear those scars for
the rest of her life. As bad as these fiendish acts were, there were still worse
things for her to endure.

	The woman with the modified dildo decided that it would be fun to ruin
the newscaster's voice. "I wonder if they'll be interested in a newscaster who
croaks the news? Maybe it could start a trend. I can just see her now, wearing a
frog suit and sitting on a big lily pad croaking out the latest accident report
or freeway traffic tieup." Her remarks brought peals of laughter from the rape
gang.

	It took a couple of the stronger men to hold Celeste down and force her
jaws apart so that the dildo could be slowly forced down her throat as her eyes
popped out and the tendons in her neck bulged. Despite her best efforts to
prevent it, that barabaric weapon began to scrape away a thin layer of flesh. It
took nearly ten minutes before the hard length of plastic was completely seated
within her throat. It only took perhaps a minute or so before the slim blonde's
eyes rolled back into her head as her face went from bright red to pale blue.

	When her tormentor pulled it free, the plastic was flecked in spots with
a tinge of blood. It would be a number of days before Celeste would be able to
form words and force them from her mouth, slightly garbled, but recognizable if
one paid enough attention to what she was trying to say.

	For the grand finale, it took four men to hold the blonde spreadeagle.
Then each member of the rape crew took a turn in creating the words FUCK SLUT 13
using heated rods to brand each letter into her flesh as if she were some kind
of animal being marked for ownership. The stink of burning flesh mixed with her
incohrent and totally garbled speech as she screamed until blood bubbled from
her mouth was a scene worthy of the Grand Guignol. One wag remarked that Celeste
being the thirteenth victim was defintely not like winning the lottery. By then
the mutilated blonde was unconscious and couldn't appreciate the macabre humor
of his comment.


				
				(To be continued) 




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall


				           Chapter 4


	The same trio that had originally kidnapped her now accompanied Celeste
as the nondescript white van made its way back to her place. While this prison
on wheels ate up the miles, her captors took this final opportunity to further
degrade and hurt her. Each sodomized her as she screamed fruitlessly for them to
stop before she died of the pain. By the time they finished with her she was
bleeding from the rectum once more. A filthy rag was shoved into her gaping
asshole to stem the flow. As one of them put it, "We could care less about you,
this is to make sure you don't get blood all over the van." To emphasize his
words, he kicked her squarely in the crotch. All she could bring up was some
bile that dripped down her chin and ran in small rivlets between her bruised,
bite-covered breasts. Once again she was forced to swallow more of that cheap
sweet wine. Soon she was only half awake, the combination of the wine and her
exhaustion acting to put her out.

	Just before they arrived at her place, they freed Celeste from the cuffs
and managed to get her back into her running clothes, taking advantage of her
for the last time. One of them twisted her nipples until she was sure they were
about to tear away from her titties. The other tried to crush her clitoris
between his thumbs. It was the driver who took the last chance to hurt her
battered body, and he made the most of it , punching her in the cunt until he
managed to wedge his fist inside. Then he opened his hand as much as he could
and began tearing at the tender tissue surounding it as she screamed into the
dirty rag one of the others had crammed into her mouth when this last bit of
brutality took place.

	They parked the van about a hundred feet from the apartment complex she
lived in. One of them spent a few minutes giving her the situation. "We know
where you live; we will be monitoring your phone. There will be someone watching
you for the next twenty-four hours to make sure you don't do anything stupid. We
are giving you a little memento of our time together. This is only a small
fraction of the stuff we have on you. You go to the authorities and we'll
release it all onto the Internet via our friends in Europe. This stuff will
bring in a fortune, especially if you go public  about our little tryst. Keep
this to yourself and there will be no retaliation. Remember, you are the
thirteenth guest we've had to our little soirees. Don't be the first to act
stupid. If you do we will sooner or later get our hands on you and when we do,
you'll never be seen alive again. In fact when we get done with you, no one will
be even be able to imagine that what's left was once human. That's not a threat,
that's a guarantee. Now get the fuck out of the van and have a nice rest of your
life." Celeste stumbled from the van, her eyes trying to adjust to the afternoon
sunshine, while her hands clutched to her chest the large envelope that
contained a portion of the record they now had of her ordeal.

	Somehow Celeste made it up to her apartment without encountering any of
the other tenants . She collapsed onto her couch and began crying, partly in
relief from having managed to survive the brutal treatment she had received over
the past two days and the realization that she owed her employer some good
reason for missing her assignments and not informing them that she would be
unavailable over the weekend. Then it hit her that she had no voice, no way of
communicating articulately enough to convince her management at the station that
she had a very good excuse for her behavior.

	In point of fact she had no excuse; yet to reveal what had just
transpired would be taking a severe risk that might not be worth the humiliation
that would endure for reporting this despicable act. What if she fell into their
hands again? She could only shudder at the thought, considering what they had
already done to her. She was in a trap. There was no way out except to ask for a
leave of absence from the station, pleading a sudden attack of illness that had
put her in the hospital and resulted in the temporary loss of her voice. That
might be enough to hold them off while she created a more solid story for later
on when they would expect a lot more details.

	Suddenly she wasn't so frightened about her situation; it was bad, but
not impossible to get out of this conundrum in which she found herself enmeshed.
There was Charles Warren, a member of the staff at the local hospital, and a
person who she had dated previously. They had seen each other a couple of times
and then parted company without too much acrimony, at least that's what she
thought. She'd have to contact him immediately, but it had to be in person
because of her failed voice. It took her nearly an hour before she was ready to
leave her apartment. She still felt a little ill from all the terrible torments
she'd received, but her need to reach some kind of resolution to her dilemma
overcame her physical problems.

	Celeste's luck held as she found the good doctor alone at his apartment.
He was shocked to see her and the condition she was in. It took nearly an hour
of writing notes and going back and forth before he agreed to help her in this
matter. It was then that he sprang the surprise. In exchange for his help in
this, she had to provide him with some help in another matter, his lack of a
regular sex partner. In fact he announced that as a down payment for his good
offices, he expected her to stay over and scratch the very considerable itch his
lack of sex had created. Celeste was stunned at his request and he reacted to
her reluctance by showing her the door and promising to inform the radio station
management about her strange request. She was once more trapped. There was only
one way out and so she remained at his apartment.

	When she stripped down he whistled at the marks on her body, especially
her brand. He wanted all the details and she found herself writing more notes
that made his attitude toward her change and become even more demanding. Celeste
didn't realize that Dr. Warren did not believe her story about being kidnapped,
tortured and gang raped. To him those marks covering her body were a strong
indication that Celeste was into some heavy duty S and M activities that had
gotten a bit out of hand. He could not believe his luck; this ball buster who
had put him down many months ago was now going to drop into his hands like a
piece of ripe fruit falling from the tree.

	Celeste did her best to take care of the doctor, but her cunt and
asshole were unable to take his cock under any circumstances, and he tried a
number of attempts. So he had to be satisfied with a couple of lengthy blowjobs
that resulted in her swallowing every drop of cum he squirted into her
suctioning mouth. Celeste concluded that Charles had been doing a lot of self
abuse in order to demonstrate the control that he exhibited while she was
blowing him. The next morning she had to suck him off before he left for the
hospital, promising to get in touch with her management and explain why she had
failed to show up over the weekend. She was expected to be back at his place
early in the evening to satisfy his needs and learn if the radio station had
bought his story.

	She went back to her apartment, took a long hot shower, downed a
sleeping pill and went to bed. Even with the assistance of the drug and her
exhaustion from the ordeal she'd experienced on the weekend, her sleep was
filled with terrible dreams that seemed to go from bad to worse as her mind
churned up recollections that may or may not have been accurate. She could not
tell since for many hours she had been too affected by the alcohol or the sheer
horror of what was happening, that she refused to admit it to her consciousness.
When she finally dragged herself from bed she saw it was nearly six in the
evening. She quickly showered for the third time that day and threw on some
casual clothing, knowing full well that she'd be naked for most of the time at
his place while she performed fellatio or even worse things on him in exchange
for his help to get her out of this mess.

	He was waiting for her when she arrived at his apartment. One look at
his face and she knew he had failed in his attempt to sell that story to her
management. "They said for me to tell you that you are fired as of today and
they'll send your severance and back pay to your address within three days.
Don't anticipate that they will provide any form of favorable reference if you
seek work in this area again." Celeste was crushed, her entire career was going
down the drain, and it wasn't her fault. Why wouldn't they believe him? His
answer just added more to her misery.

	They had sent one of their interns to her apartment and she learned that
no one had seen Celeste since the night previous. The same intern then canvassed
all the hospitals within thirty miles of the city with none reporting admitting
a patient that fit her description. She also checked with the various local law
enforcement agencies and drew a blank there as well. Thus when he got in contact
with them and gave them the story they had concocted, their response was to fire
Celeste and threaten him with the police for being involved in this shady
business.  At that point he withdrew his claim and apologized for his part in
the hoax. He wan't sure if the station would leave him be; that was still moot.
However as far as Celeste was concerned, her career was finished, they would
make sure of that.

	Celeste was so focused on her problems that she failed to pick up on
what the doctor was planning for her. He offered to treat her wounds and give
her a cursory physical examnation to see if there were any serious problems
caused by her ordeal. She accepted his offer and let him check her out. To her
relief he declared her injuries to be minor with the exception of her vocal
cords , and even in that case he gave her an optimistic prognosis. Celeste was
even more impressed by his feigned concern for her as a person rather than a sex
partner.  He offered to let her stay at his apartment so he could keep an eye on
her to make sure that she was recovering normally. He provided medications that
he claimed would let her sleep and prevent any infection from occurring. When
she insisted that she would feel more comfortable at her place, he didn't argue,
but made her promise to contact him at least once a day at the hospital where he
worked.

	For the next three days Celeste caught up on her rest and began to
recover from the more obvious manifestations of her weekend nightmare. Charles
was nothing but a source of strength for her and she became more comfortable
with this developing relationship, especially when he made no overtures for sex,
despite all the help he was giving her. Within a week she was strong enough to
begin considering what to do in the way of employment. Her voice was gradually
returning and the doctor thought that within another couple of weeks she would
be able to speak normally, but her new voice would be more husky. Actually this
pleased her; the timbre of her voice had always been one of her few weak points
as a newscaster, and now this problem may have been solved by what had happened
to her. It was the only positive result of that bad dream she had recently
experienced. On second thought there may have been another, the growing bond
between Celeste and Charles.

	What Celeste did not know was that the good doctor had already made
arrangements with a friend of a friend to take Celeste off his hands. He had
never gotten over the way she put him down when she decided that he just wasn't
suitable material for any type of a meaningful relationship. At the time he had
sworn that if he ever had the chance, she would pay dearly for this slight. That
time had now come. He had managed to make himself more appealing to her this
time around ,and now he would use this trust to have his revenge.

	The next weekend he suggested they take a walk along the shoreline and
enjoy the warm weather. Celeste accepted his offer since she had been cooped up
in her apartment most of the time recovering and keeping a very low profile.
Charles had suggested that the walk be followed by dinner at a popular
restaurant, and Celeste decided it was time for her to face the public once
more. So late Saturday afternoon they began to  take a leisurely stroll by the
water. He made sure that she was distracted enough by his comments and things
that he pointed out to her, not to notice the battered gray van that was parked
a few yards from the path they were taking. Once he was certain there was no one
about he gave a sign and immmediately two ski-masked men raced over to the
couple, knocked the doctor to the ground and overpowered the stunned and
horrified former newscaster. As they dragged her into the van she had a
flashback to what had befallen her only a few weeks ago. Then everything went
black as a sap struck the back of her skull, knocking her cold.

	When she awoke she discovered she was being raped by one of the men who
had grabbed her. Celeste's hands were bound tightly behind her back and she was
naked below the waist. As her assailant continued his brutal pounding of her
sore cunt, his hands were mauling her equally tender breasts. Her initial
outcries startled him momentarily;  then he backhanded her across the face and
warned her to stop making noise or he'd put her out again. Celeste continued her
efforts to get him off from her and for her trouble she received a vicious punch
to her left breast and then another to the right one.The pain was excruciating
and she stopped trying to escape from him. He grunted, threatened to hit her
again, then realizing that she was cowed, resumed his assault on her cunt,
picking up the pace of his thrusts. Celeste stared at the ceiling of the van and
tried to control her feelings of dread and sheer terror.

	It seemed like an eternity before the van finally came to a halt. By
then both men had raped Celeste; the first one taking her in the ass the second
time and causing her to begin to bleed from her rectum. The other one had been
satisfied with a lengthy blowjob on his second turn and when he came it choked
her to the point that his cum spurted from her nostrils which made both of the
rapists laugh. As soon as the van stopped, a hood was placed over her head and
drawn tight, cutting off her sight. She was pushed from the vehicle and half
dragged for a distance of perhaps twenty yards before she encountered some rough
stairs, which they forced her to climb. One of them knocked on the door and it
opened to allow them entrance.

	No sooner was she across the threshold when a fist was buried  into her
belly, driving the breath from her lungs. She was prevented from collapsing to
the floor by her companions who kept her on her trembling legs so that her
unknown assailant could this time bring up his knee, catching her squarely
between the legs and flattening her swollen lipped cunt. She brought up
everything she had eaten for the last day as her captors laughed and tightened
their grip on her arms. The hood was almost immediately filled with her vomit
and she panicked, overwhelmed by the pain and the stench and the increasingly
difficulty of getting a breath. "Welcome to hell, bitch! I'm head of the welcome
wagon. Hope you enjoyed the little gift."  Her nipple was viciously pinched,
then  stretched and twisted until she thought it would tear free of her breast
at any second.  She struggled madly to escape this terrible pain, but only
succeeded in swallowing some of the bitter stuff she had just brought up. This
in turn led to another round of choking and gagging. Celeste passed out and
began to drown in her own vomit.

	When she awoke she was free of the vomit filled hood and found herself
staring at a very tall, brown-skinned, overweight man in perhaps his late
thirties or early forties. His piercing eyes were gray-green and seemed to be
looking right through her. "Welcome back my dear; my name is Xavier and I will
be totally responsible for your future. If you do what I tell you and do it
well, you will live for a time. If you fail to obey my instructions you will
still live for a time, but every second of that time you will beg for death. It
is your choice, you are but one of many that I am responsible for."

	Celeste was still too dazed to fully comprehend her situation. On the
one side it did not appear that she was going to be gang raped, at least not
immediately. On the other hand what she heard did not hold out any hope for her
in the long term. What was her fate to be? Would she become a prostitute working
mindlessly for this man until her services were no longer needed? Was it
something even worse than that? She had no answers. His voice brought her back
to the dismal present and she tried to absorb the meaning of what she heard.

	"You are to entertain a very select group of clients that frequent my
establishment. Your schedule has already been prepared for the next two weeks,
that is, assuming that you measure up to my rather exacting standards. You will
work approximately eight hours with each of your clients. You will do exactly
what they expect of you. This has been prearranged between them and myself.
During each of the two weeks  you will meet with three of your potential clients
on a trial basis. The remainder of your time will be spent resting and
recovering from your duties. Each client will meet with me for a sort of
debriefing. This meeting will be extremely important for your future as a member
of my organization. If you show the type of attitude and fortitude that they are
accustomed to, they will agree to a long term committment for your services, say
for the next thirteen weeks. If on the other hand, you are found wanting by the
majority of your potential clients I will have to dispose of you."


				(To be Continued)




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall

				         Chapter 5


	Xavier summoned an older woman to act as Celeste's escort, and bid her
farewell for the present. On the way to her quarters Celeste bombarded the woman
with questions concerning this place and what was going to happen to her. She
received no answers, the woman acting as if she was deaf or that Celeste wasn't
even there.  Arriving at their destination, the woman produced a key and
unlocked the door to this little room where the newswoman would spend the next
few days preparing herself for what was to follow.

	The small windowless cubicle contained a bed and a chair, plus a
television mounted high up in one corner of the room.  Unlike the average set,
this one performed two functions. It played the orientation tapes explaining her
duties and showing her other unfortunates who had either served or were serving
the clientele that frequented this house of horrors. It was also designed to
monitor her every move while she remained in this little cell-like room.

	For the first time the woman spoke. She reached out her hand and said,
"Remove the rest of your clothing and give them to me. Then put your hands
behind your back so I can put the handcuffs on you. Once you are secured
properly I will explain the rules that you will follow. Failure to do so will
result in a great deal of pain for the first offense. The second will mean
death, a very slow death I might add." Celeste was stunned at her words; this
could not be happening to her. This had to be a bad dream from which she would
awaken any moment.

	"You will be fed twice a day and allowed to visit the toilet, supervised
of course, each morning. There is a chamber pot beneath your bed that is to be
used at other times. You are to pay close attention to the information provided
by the tapes that will be played periodically during the day. I will personally
quiz you on the contents and you will be punished accordingly if you fail to
demonstrate that you have seen and understood the tapes. Other than that you are
allowed to rest, meditate, sleep or anything else that amuses you."

	"You are not scheduled to meet with your first client until the day
after tomorrow at a time that has yet to be determined. That meeting will take
place in a different area properly equipped for the needs of your client. You
will make every effort to avoid causing problems for the client. In the event
that you cause him or her any distress during the session, it will be terminated
and you will be punished accordingly. After your punishment you will be taken to
another place off shore and disposed of in a manner that will allow the
organization to gain some compensation for the cost of acquiring and maintaining
you."

	What Celeste heard depressed her deeply. It was apparent that her days
on this earth were numbered unless some kind of miracle occurred. Her only hope
lay in staying alive as long as possible. The longer she lived the better the
chance that this horrible place might be discovered and she be set free.

	She had no way of telling the time and so she sat on the bed and waited
for one of the tapes to be played on the television. In some ways she was
looking forward to finding out more about what her duties were and the rules of
engagement that were to be enforced. The more she learned, the higher her
chances for survival, at least she wanted to believe that statement. She had
almost drifted off to sleep when the screen brightened and she was confronted by
a masked individual who spoke with no apparent accent, making it difficult to
judge where he had been raised.

	"My name is of no consequence, but what I have to say is of the utmost
importance to your future as a member of this organization. Your only function
is to satisfy those clients who pay rather large sums of money to have their
fetches and itches attended to by persons like yourself. Those who choose to
resist are immediately dealt with. Pay close attention to what follows, you will
be asked to describe what you saw and why you think it happened before the next
tape is played." The screen went to black for perhaps a minute, giving Celeste a
chance to imagine what she might see when the monitor returned to life.

	The screen brightened to reveal a naked, buxom girl of perhaps sixteen
or seventeen hanging from her wrists, feet inches from the concrete floor. She
looked to be Asian, perhaps a Filipina. Two masked men bare to the waist, their
hands encased in leather gloves, entered and approached her from both sides.
Suddenly one punched her squarely in the face, turning her nose into a bloody
mass of broken bones and bloody flesh. His companion moved closer and hooked his
fist into her belly, his tightly closed hand seeming to disappear into her
yielding flesh. This blow interrupted the strangled scream that had begun to
issue from her in response to the brutal blow that had just spread her nose all
over her face.

	They took turns punching her with vicious, powerful blows that broke
almost every bone in her face. One of her eyes was literally popped from its
socket as the brute's fist broke that thin layer of protective bone into pieces.
A series of blows to her mouth broke teeth and split her lips into bloody
shreds. Bubbles of froth and blood spewed from the girl's broken mouth which
took on a lopsided look due to the fact that one of the men had broken one side
of her jaw with a particularly hard punch. They stepped back to catch their
breath and watch their victim writhe in agony, her face now a swollen mask of
blood and hideous bruises of many colors.

	Celeste had to fight the urge to vomit. The utter brutality of what she
had just witnessed was inhuman; it had numbed her to the core of her being as
well as nearly stopping her heart from the feeling of fear it had evoked in her.
She could not help but imagine that would be the fate which would befall her
some time in the future. She felt this overwhelming urge to run, to flee from
this hellish place, but fear of the consequences held her fast to the bed.
Celeste realized that she had literally stopped breathing, so fearful was she of
this becoming her fate. Then the horror resumed.

	The two brutes now had baseball bats in their hands. They took up
positions on either side of the naked girl's dangling body and proceeded to hit
her body with carefully placed blows, , tapping the spot that was to be struck
and then smashing the heavy wooden cudgel into that area with a preciseness that
was almost surgical. It took half a dozen rib-cracking blows on each side before
they were satisfied that one more good hit would prevent her ribcage from
fuctioning at all, thus causing her to die of asphixiation in a matter of
minutes. They had other plans for her before she would be allowed to expire.

	The screen went black for a brief moment and when the picture returned
the camera angle had changed to a view of the girl from the rear. Her assailants
took up their positions on either side of her and began tapping her firm
buttocks with the bats before beginning the next assaut. The sound of those
heavy wooden clubs smashing into the girl's firm ass was sickening. Every
horrible blow turned the region that had been struck into a rapidly swelling
lump of discolored flesh from the blood vessels beneath that had been ruptured
by the force of the blow. Each of them concentrated on one of her cheeks and
after a time her hams began to merge into one throbbing mass of swollen
multi-colored flesh. Her outcries were reduced to a few muted grunts as the
energy required to scream placed more pressure on her broken ribs than she could 
possibly bear.

	After another brief break, the two men moved their attention to her
kidney area. The sound of the bats was much different now, this area had
relatively little padding in contrast to her fleshy bottom. The blows brought a
high pitched, almost whistling sound from the girl everytime she was struck.
Ripples of muscular contractions could be seen making their way across her
damaged body. They seemed to be trying to hit this area with only the head of
the bat, and when they were successful a keening sound was pulled from her that
sounded animal-like. Then they paused to take dead aim on her shoulder blades,
changing their stance and reaching out to tap the protruding arc of bone. The
blows landed in quick succession, each one yielding the sickening sound
associated with the breaking and splintering of the bones they had targeted. All
it took was one direct hit from each man and she went into convulsions, her
nervous system unable to deal with this new and terrible pain. Once more the
screen went blank and Celeste broke into uncontrollable, body-wracking tears as
hysteria overcame her.

	Celeste had no idea of how long she gave into her worst fears, but
strangely enough a few minutes after she began to recover her wits and realize
that she could not afford to be governed by unreasonable fear, the screen
flickered back to life. She felt a lump in her throat as the camera zoomed in on
the girl who was still breathing, her air intake reduced substantially from all
the trauma her ribcage had suffered, but nevertheless still continued
functioning. Her face was grotesquely swollen and Celeste tried to turn her eyes
away from the broken boned visage that stared blankly from her one good eye at
the camera.

	One of the men now stood behind her, his arms wrapped around the girl's
hips, his hands holding her cunt lips wide apart to reveal the pink interior.
The other one had turned his bat around so that the knob at the base was
positioned at the entrance to her cunt. Then without warning he plunged the knob
past her cunt lips and buried it at least six inches deep inside the dazed
Filipina. She made this odd squawking noise as her insides were torn open by the
force of the thrust. He twisted the bat around as she continued to make those
strange half squawking, half choking noises. When he withdrew the bat, the knob
was coated with blood and mucus. Shortly thereafter her cunt began to bleed as
well, the blood trickling down her thighs and forming a pool on the floor just
below the soles of her feet.

	Again there was the briefest of pauses before the screen brightened to
show the girl's swollen ass, the purple-black cheeks parted by a set of
disembodied hands. It took one thrust to rupture her sphincter muscle to the
point that the second thrust of the bat collapsed the remaining protection,
allowing the knob to penetrate into her colon, tearing away at the defenseless
walls of her alimentary canal. The shreik that came from the young Filipina made
the hair on Celeste's nape stand straight out. She shut her eyes, refusing to
see what was being transmitted. Unfortunately she could not shut her ears to the
shrill sounds of the girl's death agonies. Somehow the volume had been raised to
a level that the girl's hideous, inhuman response to this terrible and at last
fatal pain assaulted Celeste's eardrums as if someone were slapping them over
and over. She joined the girl in a shreik that shocked her with its passion and
despair. Celeste fainted dead away, and moments later the screen went black.

	She was roused from her stupor by the insistent shaking of her shoulder.
Celeste blinked her eyes and looked up to discover the woman who had brought her
here. "Enjoy the tape? Most of them don't, especially the first time they see
it. However after a couple of more viewings they learn to handle it enough to
get by, or they find themselves auditioning for that same role in a future tape.
The one that you saw came here full of piss and vinegar, but she didn't obey the
rules. You saw what happened to her. Now do you want that to happen to you? I
don't think so unless you are heavy into pain and don't like living."

	It all came back to the blonde woman in a rush and she started shaking
and crying. She was rewarded with a couple of slaps across the face to bring her
out of it. "Now let's see how much you actually saw of this little
indoctrination tape. Let's start off with some simple questions. Which eye did
they knock out, her left or right one?" Celeste felt her gorge rising, this
place was not on the world she knew. She must have died and been sent to hell.
The woman's face clouded into a frown and she reached out and tweaked one of
Celeste's exposed and very sensitive nipples until the news anchor gasped in
pain.

	The questions came quickly, and her answers were more wrong than right.
Finally her captor sighed and slapped her across the face. " I must be getting
old, but I guess I'll give you another chance to see the tape over. This time
you better pay a lot closer attention to what took place, not what you think you
saw. Then I'll be back and we'll play twenty questions again, and this time you
better get most of the answers right or things will go very badly for you. The
organization won't tolerate cunts who are stupid, that makes the clients
unhappy."

	To make sure that Celeste watched every frame of the tape, her eyes were
taped open. Then the woman pulled out a remote from her pocket and turned the
set on, making sure that the volume was set at its highest level. "I'll be back
in a couple of hours to give you your final exam. No matter what you score on
it, it will be your final exam, just remember that. By the way just so you don't
get lonely the tape is programmed to automatically repeat itself until I turn it
off with the remote. So you should have plenty of time to make sure you get all
the details right." As the door to her cell shut, the screen lit up and Celeste
stared at the naked teenager hanging from a hook in the ceiling, her feet a few
inches from the concrete floor. She sure had nice tits, big and firm, the kind
that Celeste always wanted.


				( To be continued)




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall


			                        Chapter 6


	Self preservation is a powerful motivator, as Celeste discovered once
she realized what the alternative was if she failed her exam with  Xavier. She
lost track of the number of times that she watched that horrible tape, but
slowly she committed every frame to memory. She sailed through her preliminary
screening and soon found herself in front of Xavier. For this critical test she
was stark naked and securely strapped to a heavy wooden chair. The woman who had
been responsible for her preliminary testing now began to attach wires to
Cleste's body and the news anchor woman began to shiver with fright as she
realized that her testing would not be anything routine. Celeste almost lost
control of her bladder when her manacled feet were placed in a pan of water and
then a metal helmet was pressed down onto her skull. "Oh my god! I'm sitting in
an electric chair!" This realization caused her to briefly lapse into panic, but
she willed herself to regain her poise despite the fact that she was shaking
violently.

	He began asking her fairly simple questions that she had already been
asked by her keeper. After a round of these, her confidence began to grow. Then
she was given the first jolt of electricity as Xavier was in the middle of
asking her a more detailed question that required her to combine a number of
different observations from the tape. For a moment she drew a complete blank.
This led to another longer and more powerful dose of electrons that flowed
between her belly and the base of her cunt. She struggled against the straps
that held her fast to the chair, then her mind and will took command. This was
nothing but a diversion to make it more difficult for her to answer the
questions. She began to focus her entire being on answering his detailed
question. Twice more while she went through her lengthy answer she was given
further jolts of electricity, but somehow she finished her reply and a faint
smile flickered across Xavier's face.

	For the next half hour the woman almost continuously changed the
location of the wires on Celeste's naked body. At one moment one lead would be
attached to her tongue while another was hooked to her ear lobe.Then just as
Xavier would ask a question the juice would be turned up and Celeste's mouth and
face would feel as if it had caught fire. As soon as the power was turned off
Xavier would be in her face screaming at her to answer his question. Somehow
Celeste would summon up enough will power to start a halting answer, severely
compromised by the muscle contractions that rippled through her face and tongue
from the blast of current she had just endured.

	Secretly her tormentor was quite pleased with the way she focused on his
voice, ignoring as best she could any other outside distraction such as the
current that raced through her bare body before or during every question.
Perhaps the  worst time she had was when the leads were fastened to the top and
bottom of her vulva and the power was run up to its highest setting and remained
there as she bucked and cried, attempting to somehow gather the strength to
understand his question and start to answer it. On two occasions she passed out
from the dosage they gave her.

	Finally Xavier asked his final question, having to do with the last
torture that the two fiends had applied to the young girl just before she went
into the fit that resulted in her death. It had taken a number of viewings
before Celeste picked up enough clues to understand that the Filipina had died
before her eyes. Just as she began replying to his query the current was turned
up to maximum and she lost control of her bowels from the huge dose of electric
current that was passed between her anus and vulva. The pain was so great that
she bit her tongue to the point that a bloody froth issued from her mouth. Her
interrogator was now satisfied that she had passed this hurdle.

	Celeste was allowed to rest for the remainder of the day. Just before
her keeper departed the little room where Celeste would stay until she met one
of her clients, she gave the blonde woman a death's head smile and informed her
that due to a scheduling conflict Celeste would be expected to entertain two
clients. "One of them is called the dentist and the other goes by the name of
the patriot. They both are very eager to see if you can meet their high
standards. If either of them complains to Xavier you will find yourself on a
plane that will take you to your final destination. Your death will make
anything that these two can do to you seem like a game played by children. You
will beg for death, but it will be a very long time in coming, be assured of
that."

	She did her best not to think about the dentist and the patriot, but she
could not get the dentist out of her mind. It was so easy to imagine a fiend
drilling down her teeth to the gum line and then cutting the gums open so that
they could be drilled further. All the while she would be screaming and begging
for death as the pain just kept getting worse and worse. She could almost hear
the sound of that infernal drill. When she got that thought from her mind, it
would be replaced by the terror inspired by the idea of this monster slowly
breaking off her teeth, one by one as his pliers first gripped her tooth and
then began the agonizing process of yanking it back and forth to break it free
from her jaw, all the while she would be gurgling and screaming as the pain
radiated from her jaw into her skull, and her mouth filled with blood as the gum
was torn to pieces.

	That night she slept fitfully, waking from one nightmare after another,
most featured this monster in a white coat approaching her with a pair of pliers
or a dental drill as she struggled fruitlessly against the bonds that held her
naked body to the chair. In one of her dreams he wore a tricorn, a cocked hat
similar to those worn in Revolutionary War times, a fitting connection to the
patriot, that man of total mystery who she would also encounter. Celeste almost
welcomed the pair of stone faced men who came to escort her to the soundproofed
room where she would met the patriot. She was told to leave her robe behind and
then one of them cuffed her hands behind her back and hobbled her by means of a
short chain attached to the manacles clamped around her ankles.  At last she
could at least face a known situation rather than the unreasoning fears that had
been washing over her mind.

	Their destination proved to be an empty room featuring what looked to be
some type of exercise machine. It had a circular base from which rose a column
of metal. Attached to the column about half way up were two articulated rods of
metal perhaps a foot across that could be moved horizontally as well as
vertically. After freeing Celeste from her bonds they proceeded to place her in
a sort of seated position on the apex of the two rods with her legs held fast by
sets of straps that went round her thighs, knees and ankles. Her arms were
pulled straight up and fastened by cuffs to a ring set close to the top of the
column. A thick strap was used to hold her body securely against the column. The
pair then checked to make sure that the rods were capable of moving in the
horizontal as well as the vertical plane. Once satisfied that all was in
readiness they turned and left the room.

	At first glance her client appeared to be just an average person, the
kind you would pass on the street and immediately forget forever. He carried a
folding table in one hand and a leather case in the other. With practiced skill
he opened and set the table down next to Celeste, using only one hand. Then he
swung the case onto the table and opened it to reveal its contents. Nestled in
the plush pockets were a variety of small vials and bottles, what looked to be
needles, some type of innocuous tool that she could not identify, small brushes
and a variety of decals that she realized were the kind used by tattooists. A
former boyfriend  was into body art and she had once accompanied him to a studio
and watched as he had a small tattoo put on his back. Celeste began to shiver as
she connected the dots and realized that the patriot was into tattooing and she
was to be his new canvas. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately for her sanity,
she did not go further in her analysis. As she would soon discover, this
unassuming man was a bit more than she had surmised.

	His hands began to roam her naked body, pinching here and poking there,
all the while  mumbling to himself. He squeezed her breasts hard and pulled them
away from her chest for reasons she didn't understand. His fingers probed her
tight, dry cunt. Then he pinched her fat cunt lips and pulled them apart.
"You'll do , you'll do just fine" he said, as he gave her a smile that made her
cringe in terror. He moved away from her and began to rummage inside the case.
While he looked for something, Celeste took a deep breath and gave thanks that
she had been deemed acceptable by this monster, despite what being acceptable
probably meant. Based on what she knew about tattooing, it wasn't really all
that painful. She just hoped what she had heard was accurate.

	The patriot located what he was looking for, a decal which he quickly
applied to her midsection. Whatever the design, it was not very large, running
from just above her cunt to just below her navel and perhaps somewhere between
four and six inches in length. She  tried to look down to determine what it
represented, but she was unable to see enough of the design to understand it.
Now her customer picked up a small metal part and mated it to the fat little
tool she had noticed earlier.

	Celeste caught herself thinking of the words from Xavier, telling her
that all the perverts, her word not his, she would encounter should always be
thought of as customers. These were very special customers, since they had more
than just the power of the purse in her case. "It is possible to lose a customer
because he or she can no longer afford your services, but that does not mean
that another client can't be found. However if a customer complains to us about
your  attitude or ability to properly serve his or her needs you are doomed
immediately. We dare not take the risk that you might alienate another customer,
not when we have another option available that allows us to recover our costs in
training and employing you."

	The sudden sharp pain brought her back to reality and she screamed in
fear more than pain. The pain quickly went away leaving just a dull ache that
soon faded. The patriot looked up at her angrily. "That was nothing, and you
moved. That will not be tolerated! Pay attention to what's going on and you just
might survive this first session. Now let me see if that movement did any harm
to my first star." The news anchor woman was still too flustered to make much
sense of what he had said. What was he talking about? What was this reference to
a first star?

	Celeste took the opportunity to look closely at the tool in his hand.
She still didn't understand its function, but nonetheless it was this tool that
had caused the brief sharp pain in the area where the decal had been placed. One
thing she was certain of, this was not any form of tattooing that she had ever
heard of. Much to her relief he seemed to be satisfied with the results of
whatever he has just done despite the fact that she reacted by moving. Celeste
vowed to hold herself in check when he made his next move. She didn't have long
to wait. She followed the tool as it moved away from the area where the intial
pain had occurred. Even though she knew what would happen , it still caused her
enough pain to make her cry out. In addition he had applied a great deal more
force and the pain level was much greater this time. Since she concentrated on
the entire process she was able to  understand that somehow this little tool was
burning a mark into her skin, perhaps going a bit deeper than just her skin.

	"Two done and only forty-eight left to go. With some luck and your
cooperation we might just be able to get half the stars into the flag before we
take our first break." Then it hit her, the patriot was aptly named! What he was
going to etch into her skin was a flag, the American flag. She suddenly knew
that she was in the company of a deranged individual and completely at his
mercy. How long could she control herself as one after another, more stars were
added to those two that now decorated her skin. He hummed away happily and
burned in another and another as Celeste struggled to keep her composure. The
little burns were beginning to come quickly and there was little time to prepare
for any individual marking. They were beginning to blend into a steady wave of
low level pain that she could handle just barely.

	He kept up a running account of what was happening. "Do you know the
star pattern in the flag? Most people haven't the foggiest idea; many don't even
know the number of stars. I'm sure that by the time we are finished with this
symbol of our nation you will be an expert on such matters." As he chatted the
little tool continued to burn away small portions of the blonde's skin. She
still wasn't sure exactly how this process was being accomplished, and so she
attempted to divert her fear and some of the steady pain by trying to understand
exactly how this little device worked. Finally she had to admit defeat and so
she took a chance and asked him to explain how the tool worked. He put her off,
saying that he wanted to make sure he met his schedule. "If we have some time
during the break, I'll show you first hand how it works." As he spoke,he
triggered off another star, Celeste guessed it was close to the half-way point
and the relief associated with a break.

	The patriot's idea for a break should not have come as any great
surprise to his model. However she had lulled herself into a false sense of
security and was unprepared for what happened next. The man swiftly stripped
down to reveal his hardening cock, twitching and bobbing as he approached his
victim who could not have been in a more vulnerable position thanks to the
apparatus that restrained her. He moved closer and began to fondle her breasts,
tweaking the nipples until they stiffened from the pain. Then he stepped back to
reconfigure Celeste's body to allow hm easy access to her asshole.

	He grabbed her by the hair and snarled, "Open that fucking mouth and
suck this until it's rock hard, and don't you even think of biting it!" The
moment her mouth grew slack he slammed his thick length of semi-hard flesh into
her and tried to jam it down her throat. Celeste gagged and choked at the sudden
attack and found it difficult to gain air as  his cock was blocking most of her
gullet. She struggled to gain some control over her emotions to prevent further
suffering. She had been through this type of rape many times in the past month
and could almost automatically put herself in a state where she acted and
reacted without giving what was occurring any thought at all. She had learned to
operate in survival mode and so it was with her and the patriot.


			 ( To be continued)




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall


				          Chapter 7


	Celeste gritted her teeth and tried not to cry out as her assailant
began to press the head of his hard cock against the entrance to her rectum. He
struggled to wedge his dick past the tough ring of muscle that guarded the
passageway to her colon. Celeste tried to act as if she were some place else and
had no knowledge of what was transpiring here and now. He grunted and lunged
forward, collapsing her defenses and allowing his prong to enter her rectum. It
hurt, more than the previous times she had been sodomized. She didn't quite
understand this, but accepted the fact for what it was. Perhaps it was the
proximity and the bond that had already begun to form between her and the
rapist. It was more personal to be raped by someone that you have been chatting
with for the better part of an hour. That must be it she thought. Then the pain
grew more intense and he started moving in and out of her tentatively at first,
then with growing confidence that her resistance was completely overwhelmed and
he had free reign to rut inside of her sensitive tunnel.

	"Does it hurt? It's no fun unless it hurts. Tell me, does it hurt!" His
words jolted Celeste from her attempt to block out the pain of his entry and
initial assault on her asshole. She grunted as he delivered a particularly hard
stroke, and grunted again as he quickly drove his cock deep into her once more.
"Tell me you miserable piece of shit! Tell me it hurts!" Celeste looked into his
eyes and saw a madman looking back. His insistent question continued unabated as
his cock reamed her out.

	"Yes  it hurts! How could it not?" Celeste screamed as the pain
increased with each new thrust that he made. His eyes were beginning to almost
glaze and there were traces of saliva at the corners of his mouth. These changes
in his appearance only intensified the fear that was taking over her mind. What
would happen to her once he finished raping her? She could only imagine what he
had planned for her afterward. The patriot snarled and spit in her face as his
cock rammed home again and again.

	Suddenly he pulled completely from her sore rectum and began rubbing the
head of his dick across the pebbled skin of her butt cheeks. Then he plunged
back into her, ripping through her tired sphincter and burying his cock even
deeper into her colon than before. "How was that you fucking whore?  Was that
hard enough for you, or do you want it even harder?" Celeste knew enough that
she had to immediately answer  or he would go into a frenzy.

	"I love your cock, go faster and make me cum! I want to cum so bad. Make
me cum!" It was a gamble, but she had to make some attempt to calm him down or
break this fixation he had about hurting her with his cock. She was handling him
up until now, but she didn't know how long she could continue blocking all the
negative thoughts that were trying to be heard. For a moment he paused from
raping her asshole, as if  trying to process what she had just said. For that
moment she thought her gamble had paid off. Then his face contorted into a mask
of pure hatred and spittle flew from his lips as he sceamed at her.

	"You worthless piece of garbage! What do you think you're trying to do?
Don't you know who I am? One word from me and you're toast, literally toast,
burned to a crisp! I'm a very important customer of Xavier; he doesn't want me
to be unhappy! You are making me very unhappy with your little games. How I hate
cunts like you! Why am I wasting my talents putting something of worth onto your
worthless body?" He paused in his hysterical diatribe, his breath coming in
gasps from the rage that had enveloped him.

	Then without warning he tried to smash his fist into Celeste's face. It
was a glancing blow as she managed to move her head a fraction of an inch
causing the blow to graze her cheekbone and slide off. She wasn't as lucky when
the second punch nailed her squarely in the mouth, splitting her lips and
loosening her front teeth. Blood spewed from the blonde's mouth, splattering
onto the patriot who seemed to be in a daze, as if he just realized what he had
done to his canvas.

	He scrambled off the pedestal, nearly falling to the floor. He now had
an anxious look on his face, his eyes darting from his victim to the monitor
located in the corner of the ceiling away from them. There was a click and the
door flew open allowing two rather large men to burst into the room and confront
the now thoroughly cowed client. At about the same moment Xavier's voice was
heard from the monitor. "Alex, what have you done to my employee? You know the
rules. You have broken the rules. Now take your tools and let the gentlemen
escort you to my office so we can discuss this matter at length." The patriot
made no effort to  resist the two men as they closed in on him. He hurriedly
packed up his needles and other implements and let them escort him from the
room. As the trio was leaving, the woman responsible for Celeste's care entered,
shaking her head at the sight of the newscaster's bleeding face.

	After checking out the damage to her charge's face, and deciding it was
not worth calling the doctor, she removed Celeste's bonds and pointed towards
the door. The blonde's progress was slowed considerably by the cramps created by
her tight bondage, but a few pushes from her handler and she picked up the pace,
realizing as she did that the cramps were dissipating with each step. Celeste
made the mistake of thinking she was being returned to her room so she could
rest from her ordeal. The blow to the head she received when she started to go
down the hallway that led to her room was a shock at first, until she heard the
woman's flat voice. " I decide where you go, not you." To reinforce this message
she cuffed Celeste across the back of the head once more. The newscaster stood
there in total confusion, not knowing where she was to go until the woman shoved
her down another corridor.

	Celeste could see a door at the left side of the long hallway, and she
was told to stop there and wait for it  to be opened so she could be admitted.
Her handler shoved her hard, and she nearly tripped as she half-stumbled into
the large area where perhaps a dozen naked people were involved in all manner of
sexual couplings. She quickly counted the number of clumps of naked people,
three in all. The center of each group was a woman taking as many as three cocks
in her various holes. Her handler yelled out to the group, announcing the
arrival of Celeste.

	"Attention please, I'd like to introduce the latest member of the Rape
Room entertainment committee. This bitch is Celeste and she thinks she's pretty
hot. This is her first visit, but I'm sure unless she screws up big time, it
won't be her last. As is my usual custom I'd like the senior man in this party
to choose which of her holes he wants to try first. After that it's every dick
for himself and I could care less which cunt is attached to it. Have a ball!"
Then she turned to Celeste with a grin that was frightening and whispered, "You
fuck this up and I guarantee you will wish you were dead. Any trouble from your
sorry ass and you're on your way to the island, your final stop." Celeste
shuddered, for she knew exactly what that threat meant. A second later a hairy
man perhaps in his late 30s with a long, stiff prong grabbed her by the hair and
dragged her over to one of the blue mats on the floor.

	"OK cunt, on all fours and spread those cheeks nice and wide so Old
Willie can shove his meat stick up your ass. Hope you don't mind, but I don't
believe in any lube for the kind of cunts I meet here. All you diseased whores
deserve is lots of pain and misery." As he spoke he began ramming his cock into
Celeste's sore asshole, making her grunt and then whimper as he got deeper. That
seemed to satisfy him and he set about trying to ruin her colon with every hard
stroke he delivered. Shortly after he was plugged in, another cock appeared out
of the blue and started to gag her as its owner cursed continuously and tried to
jam every inch down her throat. This guy meant business when it came to dealing
out pain. He just wasn't satisfied with choking her, he also grabbed her breasts
and began yanking and twisting them as he worked more and more of his cock into
her throat, effectively cutting off her air.

	Despite her precarious position, the blonde newswoman knew better than
to put up any kind of overt struggle. However she was smart enough to try some
subtle moves such as adjusting the way her back arched as she was ass and throat
fucked. To her surprise she managed to gain a little bit of air and that allowed
her to withstand the terrible punishment these two perverts dealt out to her.
She was sandwiched between two fiends from hell as far as she was concerned;
both mauled her naked body and did everything they could to humiliate and hurt
her. Willie began swatting her ass cheeks in rhythm with the cruel strokes he
pounded into her tight and oh so tender butt hole. The other monster grabbed her
head and squeezed it as hard as he could, almost as if he thought he was strong
enough to actually crush her skull.

	He finally realized he wouldn't be able to do much damage to her just by
squeezing, so he took a different tack, slapping his hands against her ears over
and over, all the while cursing at her and trying to suffocate her with his
cock. Celeste benefited from his rage which dulled his mind so he wasn't able to
pick up on the fact that she was moving her head just enough to clear a small
passageway for her to get air. Meanwhile Wiilie had now managed to cram every
inch of his dick into her asshole and it really hurt whenever he bottomed out
inside her colon. Her screams seemed to urge him to further excess while it
frustrated her other assailant who was getting very angry over her lack of
response to his efforts to get her focused on reacting to what he was dishing
out to her. The one gagging her shifted his attention to her ribcage, pounding
it with his fists as he throat fucked her viciously. Soon he was matching his
punches to the swats that Willie was delivering to Celeste's crimson colored ass
cheeks. Then it got completely insane.

	Suddenly Celeste felt a sharp pain in her cuntlips. She let out a shreik
of agony as the pain grew in intensity. It felt as if someone was biting her
cunt lips and trying to tear them from her body. Her reaction was so strong that
both her rapists stopped their activities to find out what the hell was going on
with their victim. Willie was the first to realize that someone had entered
their tight ittle group and was making his presence known, especially to
Celeste. "God damn it! What the fuck are you doing to this cunt." He screamed at
whoever had managed to squirm beneath Celeste and was literally eating her
pussy. Once again his teeth found her pubic mound, this time closer to her
clitoris, but the angle formed by his head and Celeste's cunt did not afford him
access to her clitoral hood and what lay beneath. The blonde victim was half mad
with pain by now and totally oblivious to the other members of what had grown to
a quartet. Unfortunately for the intruder, Willie managed to kick him squarely
in the balls, ending his foray and bringing a loud scream of agony from him. He
rolled out from beneath the woman clutching his crotch and blubbering. Willie
gave him another kick to the ribs and threatened to kill him if he didn't vacate
the area.

	Some time later the two rapists  agreed to exchange positions, which
made Willie most happy, for he wanted to watch this new cunt clean up all the
shit and other foreign matter that by now had coated his prick from base to tip.
She'd not only be taking care of whatever she contributed, but also the remains
from at least two other cunts that he had reamed out anally in the last hour or
so. Just as they were getting properly situated, another guy asked if she could
check out her cunt while they took care of the other holes. Neither Willie nor
his partner had any big objections, so they let him get beneath Celeste and jam
his hard and very thick cock up into her dry, tight fuck box while they lined up 
their cocks with her throat and asshole. Within a minute she was airtight, all
her major holes tightly plugged wth hard cock.

	Celeste had a moment of insanity as she seriously considered refusing to
take Willie's shit stained prong into her mouth. She quickly realized they'd
probably just knock out her front teeth, fuck her throat until it was raw and
bleeding, and then transport her to the island where she would be snuffed by
some incredibly horrible means that guaranteed her a long period of unbearable
pain that they would make her bear. She closed her eyes and offered no
resistance as his befouled cock slid into her mouth  and paused so she could
begin licking it clean. Celeste knew that as soon as he was satisfied, his
freshly cleaned cock would begin its journey down into her throat and this time
he would more than likely be smart enough to plug her air passageway completely
leading to the inevitable, her passing out from lack of air.

	Twice Celeste passed out as Willie did his best to ruin her throat
muscles permanently. The one using her cunt also made major contributions to the
pain she experienced while she was triple fucked by this trio of perverts. By
the time they were finished with her, she had a belly full of fresh cum from
Willie and her colon and cunt were awash wth sperm from the other pair. They
moved on to rape one of the other unfortunates working this session, and she
faced a new group who quickly pulled her into a new position where she was
supporting most of her body on her shoulders, her legs up and pulled over her
head.

	One of her tormentors squatted and fed her his cock, forcing it down her
raw gullet. The other two stood over her crotch and took turns ass fucking her,
alternating every few strokes so it seemed that she was always enduring that
initial pain that came from being freshly penetrated. Since neither one stayed
in her long enough to get to the point of ejaculating, she only took the load of
the guy doing her throat. Her two other partners finally tired of stretching her
asshole, which by now was a gaping maw, and moved off to find some fresh
fuckmeat.

	There never seemed to be a shortage of hard cocks waiting to rape her in
every hole, but at last the session ended and everyone except for Celeste was
allowed to leave the room. Then the door opened and a pair of skinny women, one
with breasts that were covered with teeth marks, joined her, waiting for the
next gang of rapists to begin using them. The blonde newscaster began to despair
of ever leaving this torture chamber. Then the first fresh cock sank into her
tired cunt and another began probing her gaping asshole.


			
			 ( To be continued)




				Celeste's Pacific Downfall

					
				         Chapter 8



	Fortunately for Celeste the one trying to sodomize her had some
difficulties getting sufficently erect to do the deed, and he quickly lost
interest in her. Meanwhile the other must have had a hair-trigger, because
before she could even adjust to his cock, it started to splatter its load of cum
all over the walls of her well stretched cunt. She only had a minor respite and
then she and her two bedraggled companions were overwhelmed by the army of
rapists and worse who fell upon them as if they were nothing but prey, or as one
screamed, "fuckmeat". The newscaster had gained some benefit from her first
session in this torture chamber, and so was able to somewhat minimize the damage
to her naked body. Her two companions were not so fortunate. The best Celeste
could figure, they had been here so long and taken so much punishment, that they
were at the end of their ropes, almost incapable of defending themselves from
the pack of slavering perverts that sensed their lives were nearing an end and
wanted to do their worse before they escaped into the next world.

	The rape pack was composed of ten males ranging in age from the early
20s to the mid 50s. No one in their right mind would have described any of these
creatures as attractive, or for that matter even normal appearing. Each had some
obvious type of physical imperfection, some more than one, and many exhibited
conditions that would have been easily recognized by any medical person as being
associated with having been afflicted by some kind of venereal disease. Celeste
shuddered at the possibility that these misshapen subhumans might be
transmitting any and all manner of diseases including HIV, the precurser to AIDS
and the incurable herpes complex. On the other hand, at this point she would
have seriously considered a tradeoff that  would accept contracting some
terrible disease in exchange for her freedom. Already Celeste had no illusions
that she would live long and prosper in this hellish environment.

	The majority of the pack immediately homed in on the frail woman whose
breasts were covered with  teeth marks. It looked as if she was the center of a
rugby scrum, completely disappearing beneath a mass of clawing, screaming, naked
males, all intent on ripping her body to shreds or skewering it with their sex
organs. The sounds they made as they fought for their prey could never be
associated with human beings; these were animals of the jungle fighting for food
or perhaps the right to mate with a female now in season.

	A few of the pack did not enter the lists, deciding it was more
effective to bring down one of the other pieces of fuckmeat, since there would
be little or no competition from the others. As luck would have it, two males
attacked the blonde newscaster and wrestled her to the mat. However neither one
was capable of penetrating her, their cocks were only half hard at best. So they
took turns holding her down while the other pawed at her breasts and pubic
mound, trying to jam as many fingers into any available hole as they could.
Celeste did the smart thing and remained silent, knowing that to scream would
only draw the attention of others who might be moved to attack her as well.

	The unequal struggle soon resulted in Celeste being pinned to the mat,
her legs spread wide, her vulva totally vulnerable and about to be entered by
the larger of the pair that had brought her to earth, so to speak. He thrust
into her like a madman, which was probably what he was at that time. To his
victim, it was as if he had just stabbed her; the pain was tremendous. She could
not catch her breath because the other was lying on her face and pawing her
breasts. Her assailant pulled back and rammed his cock deep into her body once
more, grunting like the animal he had become. The pressure was intense, this one
had a large cock and it felt like a club was beating her insides. He started
howling and stabbing her over and over while the other mauled her and gibbered
with excitement. Celeste began to think she had been thrown into a cage full of
wild animals, animals that were more wily than those in the wild. Then she
caught a break; the other decided it was his turn and so the pair began to
struggle over their prize. The woman rolled out of harm's way and hoped for the
best; perhaps those two might exhaust each other in their insane struggle,
leaving her free from any threat from them.

	When Celeste caught sight of what was occurring across the room, she
could not believe her eyes. She was a rather sophisticated person and in her
travels had seen more than her share of porn movies, but nothing she had ever
witnessed prepared her for what was going on approximately twenty feet from she
lay. There were five males having their way with the woman simultaneously. She
was on her hands and knees, head up as the result of the two monsters who were
taking turns cramming their hard cocks into her mouth, sometimes in tandem,
other times simultaneously. There was a steady stream of drool pouring from her
open mouth as the two cocks sawed away deep within her throat, scraping the
sensitive tissue lining it.

	There was another male on his back beneath her, his prong buried inside
her raw and bleeding vagina. It was merely lodged inside her, he was not even
bothering to pump in and out of his prey. Instead he was literally chewing away
on her drooping breasts, his face partially coated with blood that oozed from
dozens of puncture wounds caused by his constant biting. Celeste felt as if she
was about to vomit, and only the fear that this might attract attention to her,
prevented this from happening.

	Finally there were two males intent upon ruining her sphincter and the
colon it was designed to protect. One was kneeling behind her, his body bent
into a slight arc. He was almost fully inserted into her rectum, perhaps an inch
or two showing. The way they had positioned her body, angled down and away from
the second rapist, he was able to establish a foothold into her grotesquely
stretched anus, and work his very long, but small diameter cock into her colon
as well. Currently he was grunting from the effort of sawing his cock in and out
of her super tight tunnel. Celeste gagged when she saw that the second cock was
rapidly becoming coated with blood. The pair had somehow managed to tear her
insides and they were bellowing their triumph for all to hear.

	The first time Celeste realized that she wasn't paying attention to all
the potential attackers, was when an arm bar was put across her neck, cutting
off her air supply and driving her into a panic. Her situation became more
precarious when someone brought a knee up into her vulva, neatly splitting her
labia apart, and forcing up some bile from her knotting stomach. Celeste
remembered very little of the gang rape she suffered. One moment did stand out
in her mind, that being when she was double penetrated, one male in her vagina,
spitting all over her as he tried to drive his stiff sex organ through her sore,
tender tunnel, and the other with his hands in her mouth trying to spread her
jaws to well beyond their capability while his hard cock reamed out her rear
entryway. Then someone hit her between the breasts with his fist, driving the
air from her lungs and making Celeste pass out.

	When she was revived by her handler, everyone had departed the room
except the painfully thin woman with the mutilated breasts. She was lying on her
back, eyes closed and her face settled into a look that  might be almost
considered serene. Celeste felt very woozy and disoriented and it took her a few
moments before she realized that the woman wasn't breathing. It was then that
the blonde newscaster gave into the wall of unreasoning fear that she had fended
off ever since she arrived at this stopover to hell. Even as she screamed and
raged to the heavens the pool of blood issuing from the woman's ruptured vagina
and torn anus continued to spread. Celeste had no idea how she got back to her
little cell, but when she awoke she was on her back, face up so that the first
view she got was the spidery cracks on the ceiling above her.

	Celeste spent the greater part of the day trying to recover from the
horrors she had witnessed, as well as suffered. Food was provided and she
managed to eat, understanding that she needed to keep her strength up in order
to have any chance to survive the rigors of this charnel house. Just before it
was time to try and get what passed for sleep these days, the closed circuit TV
sprang into life and there sat Xavier, looking calm and composed as he usually
did. He wasted little time getting down to brass tacks.

	"My dear Celeste, this is another opportunity for you to stay in my good
graces, thus avoiding an uncomfortable plane ride and an even more painful
period as you are brought closer and closer to the ultimate experience we all
must suffer before we go to the next step from which there can be no return." In
spite of all that had transpired to date, Celeste was still a bit awed at the
sound of his voice and what the words he used meant for her. That outburst
earlier today had steeled her will to continue to resist in hopes that a miracle
would occur to save her from the awful fate that had befell the thin vicitm of
the Rape Room pack. She focused her complete attention on his words as he
continued to speak.

	"Tomorrow morning you are scheduled for a session with another of my
more unique clients. I do pay close attention to what they have to say about the
personnel that serve them when they are here. In the case of my dear friend, the
patriot, something that you unknowingly did set him off, resulting in the rather
unfortunate situation in which you found yourself. Know that I do not consider
you to be completely at fault when it came to creating the situation in which he
could not properly function. He and I are working diligently to see that such an
incident does not ever happen again."

	"Tomorow you will interact with another of my special clients. He is
called the dentist by his peers, but he refuses to acknowledge that appellation,
reserving another for himself. Out of respect for this valued client I will go
no further in this matter. However I must give you fair warning, this one holds
your fate in his hands, in more ways than one I might add. Do not do anything
that might cause him discomfort, for you will suffer a thousand fold worse, even
before you leave my domain for the last time."

	The screen went to black before the newscaster could even begin to react
to those last words of warning. She felt unsettled at what she had heard. The
amount of information she had received from Xavier had not given her much to go
on. She had little choice but to adopt a conservative tack and be ready to react
immediately and do her best to capitalize on any opportunity that came her way.
What other course could she take? Even though she gave herself a number of pep
talks, it was many hours before she fell into a fitful sleep that was peopled by
a cast of characters closely akin to those she had actually encountered at his
place of darkness and despair.

	The next day she was roused earlier than she would have preferred,
especially when she realized what was facing her this morning. The handler let
her take care of personal business before escorting the blonde down one of the
many long corridors in this prison/torture chamber. "Your client likes to get an
early start, and he specifically requests that all his patients fast for at
least twelve hours before he sees them." Her laconic comments did nothing to
improve Cleste's anxiety. They entered a small room featuring a holding fixture
identical to the one to which she had been attached while the patriot had
tortured and raped her in their aborted session. She made no attempt to resist
as she was secured within the confines of this articulated metal restraining
device. However when the handler used a special strap that went around her
forehead to hold her head rigid, the newscaster began to become nervous and
agitated. The woman ignored her obvious discomfort and made a comment to the
effect that she'd have to wax the prisoner's pubes before her next session with
Mr. Clean. This set off a new round of worries for Celeste. What fetish activity
would he be practicing on her helpless naked body?

	Once the handler left, the newscaster had a few minutes to herself,
which may have been deliberate. Now her imagination could run wild, conjuring up
all sorts of horrible possibilities that fed the fires of her insecurity at what
lay before her. Then the door opened and a rather nondescript man in his mid to
late 40s entered, carrying a black medical bag. He was tall, on the thin side,
with watery blue eyes that carefully examined her naked body so totally
vulnerable to him. His face broke into a smile as he came closer. "I am
impressed. You have a fine body and I love those tits."  As he spoke, his hand
fondled one of Celeste's breasts, squeezing the firm flesh and almost gently
moving it from side to side.

	His comments evoked a set of conflicting emotions in the woman.
Basically she was thinking the worst, rape and beyond, but at the same time she
was thankful that someone in this house of horrors appreciated her body for what
it was. Celeste had always been thankful for her physical appearance and did her
best to retain it. The brutal treatment she had endured to date had almost made
her forget that she was basically an attractive, desirable female, not a piece
of fuckmeat.

	By the time she snapped out of her reverie he had already pulled down
his pants and underwear and was manipulating a rather average sized cock. "I
think we both need to take the edge off before I get busy with your
examination."  His words jolted Celeste back to reality, and she sighed
inwardly, realizing that to this man she too was just another piece of fuckmeat.
The dentist made some adjustments to the fixture to which she was attached,
raising her crotch a few inches and moving the wings so that her thighs were
spread wide to make penetration easy for her rapist. He coughed up a ball of
phlegm and spit into his hand and rubbed it into the mouth of her cunt as a form
of lubrication. Celeste tried not to react negatively to what he was about to do
to her.

	He jammed his hard cock into her with a loud grunt, swiveling his hips
slightly to give his thrust a bit  more force. She restrained the urge to gasp
or cry out as he entered, in fact she tried to assist him in maximizing her
penetration. Then he leaned forward and stuck his tongue into her mouth, which
took her by surprise and she reacted without thinking, trying to draw away, but
was saved by the band of metal that held her head fixed. She made herself go
limp for a moment, planning how to properly respond to this assault without
causing him to become angry. He pulled back and slammed his cock home once more
with a smile of satisfaction etched on his face.

	Celeste tried to think about anything but what was happening to her
body. To her dismay he proved to have a lot more self control than she expected,
and he continued to plow away inside of her for one long minute after another,
his tongue probing her mouth and then working its way deeper to begin to enter
her throat. He had an amazingly long tongue and she could actually feel it
flicking against the back of her throat, almost making her gag. She willed
herself to stay calm and make no move that could be interpreted as a rebuff on
her part.

	When he finally ejaculated, he used her mouth. One moment he was busily
pumping away within her yielding cunt, and the next he was clambering onto her
body with one hand grasping his twitching cock and the other holding onto the
pillar to which she was strapped. She had the presence of mind to open her 
mouth and allow him to jam his spurting cock inside it to release his load. She
did her best to accommodate every bit of what he shot into her mouth, and held
it until he gave her the command to swish it around and then swallow it. As her
throat moved, signaling that she was doing as he ordered, the dentist smiled and
patted her on the head as if she was some kind of  pet who had just done a trick
for her master. Celeste was on her way to rock bottom, and deep inside her
psyche she knew that it was true.

	Now she had to face up to her worst fears. What would he proceed to do
to her now that he had "gotten his edge off"? He quickly dressed and placed his
bag on the small table next to Celeste. She remembered what had come from the
valise that other pervert had in his possession. The first item he withdrew was
some type of dental fixture; she'd seen one like it in her dentist's office. He
told her to open wide and she complied, shutting her eyes like a little girl who
didn't really want to see what was coming next. He fitted it within her mouth
and fiddled with some screws until her jaws were propped open. She was surprised
by the fact that he didn't seem to be trying to make this operation painful for
her. Then he began to speak, almost as if she wasn't in the chair with her mouth
wide and vulnerable to whatever he might choose to do.

	"I know people refer to me as a dentist, but I am decidedly more than
just a pedestrian dentist, I'm a specialist. Some dentists specialize in
removing teeth, that's not what I do." He smiled at the look on her face. He
knew that what he had just mentioned struck fear into all those who sat in the
chair waiting for whatever he was going to do to them. He was amused at how this
one reacted, her breathing grew ragged for a moment, but then almost immediately
settled down, a good sign. This one was strong and would provide him with many
pleasant hours if she behaved this way consistently. He patted her on the arm
and continued.

	"My specialty is gums. I am a periodonist, that is what I specialize in
doing, I take care of my patients' gums." Celeste wasn't quite sure what this
meant. She did remember the last time when she'd had her last  teeth cleaning
and examination her hygienist had emphasized a procedure that would enhance the
well-being of her gums, thus protecting her teeth from becoming loose as she
grew older. Like most young people she had not yet taken this advice to heart.
Now here she was, naked, freshly raped and humiliated, and this pervert was
telling her that he treated gums. For a second she was sure she was losing her
mind, then she regrouped and settled down.

	"Naturally the first thing I'm going to do is give your gums a very
careful examination. There should be very little discomfort unless I see
something that needs attention, and then I normally use anesthetic to control
the pain." She stared fixedly at his hand as it extracted a dental tool that the
hygienist had used to look for what she called gumline cavities, or potential
cavity areas known as pockets. Celeste took a deep breath and prepared herself
for what might occur. Just before the pain exploded in her mouth she saw the
insane glint in the man's eyes. The pain was awesome and totally unexpected,
thus intensifying the way she reacted to it. He made a clucking sound and more
pain followed. This time she also tasted blood, her own. She lost her state of
calmness and reacted irrationally, just as he had anticipated. Now the game
would begin, and he knew in advance just how long it would go on and what the
outcome would be.

	For what seemed like an eternity the dentist moved from one region to
another, probing her gums. Sometimes there was an almost gentle pressure and a
reassuring sound from her torturer, and other times it was intense agonizing
pain, once and then again in the same spot, as if to make absolutely certain
that she knew he had "found" something that excited him. It did not take Celeste
very long to realize that he was toying with her mind, deliberately hurting her
in some type of demented and at the same time random pattern.

	Midway through the "game" when he struck a particularly rich vein of
super sensitive flesh, she lost control of her bladder and nearly got urine on
him. He was more nimble than he appeared, or perhaps much more familiar with the
signs of such an impending result from his fiendish probing. Once as she was
reacting to a blinding wall of pain, she realized why he wanted his "patients"
to fast for at least twelve hours. He wasn't eager for them to throw up and
possibly choke to death before he could retrieve the fixture that kept their
jaws wide apart. Finally it was over for this session after he had caused her to
nearly break her jaw in reacting to the last wallop of pain that radiated from
the area of her still submerged wisdom teeth.

	The pain was over, but the degradation and humiliation had yet to run
its course. The dentist needed to restore his equilibrium after all the
excitement she had created in him. What better way than to sodomize the patient
who had brought this upon herself by taking less than perfect care of her gums.
Now she faced many lengthy sessions where things much worse than she had
experienced today would take place. For now she would have to atone by taking
his cock up her sore asshole without a whimper. Celeste did her best, even
though he took even longer than before to ejaculate. Because of the way he had
positioned her body this time, with her legs pointed almost above her head, he
was easily able to withdraw from her twitching asshole and present his filthy
cock for her to take in and then cleanse once she had disposed of his ejaculate.

	He left without any comment and Celeste heaved a sigh of relief. For all
the pain and degradation, she had survived. Now there would be time for some
rest and an opportunity to regain her composure so she could endure whatever
trials were being planned for her. It was a minute or so later that the door
opened and two men she had not seen before escorted the patriot into the room.
He had a big smile on his face and she cringed in terror as he spoke, " Hello
you miserable cunt! In spite of my armed escort, we have some unfinished
business to take care of."


				 ( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's Pacific Downfall

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 9



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two men escorting the patriot turned and left the room, leaving a naked and helpless Celeste to face this monster. She could only hope that the monitor was being manned and help would quickly arrive in the event that he lost control. He set up his workstation as before and laid out his tools, ignoring her as he made sure everything was in order. He mumbled to himself for a brief moment and then picked up the fat tool he had used on her the last time.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I don't have much time to finish this and I need you to cooperate and do not move, no matter what you may think is going to happen. If we are successful in this first endeavor, be assured that we will have another opportunity to do something even more elaborate and inspiring."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste gritted her teeth and tensed her body for the initial burst of pain that she knew was coming. Instead he slapped her breasts back and forth, making them wobble from each impact. Then he took a deep breath and touched the tool to her belly. There was a brief jolt of pain and the blonde could detect a cloying smell that she hadn't noticed during their last session. The patriot chuckled and observed that the decal material had changed slightly from aging and being exposed to the salt from her skin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste was relieved by his explanation and became slightly more relaxed, all things considered. He seemed to be focused totally on finishing his flag. She began to have hope that perhaps there would be no rape break this time. Another star was burned into her midriff bringing a cooing sound from the maniac. Celeste started to count to herself as he continued to burn star after star into her skin. This mental exercise did the trick and soon she was able to ignore what was happening and just keep count. She had lost track of time when he finally announced that the field of stars had been complete.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now for a little celebration as a reward for finishing step one of the nation's flag." Celeste cringed when she heard his words, for she knew what the reward would be and there was no way she could prevent it. He swiftly disrobed and approached her, his penis hardening as he prepared to rape her. He grinned down&nbsp; and made some adjustments to the fixture that held her securely. Her legs were pulled apart until she thought the tendons in her thighs would rupture with one more turn of the set screw that controlled the wings to which her legs were fastened. Satisfied with the way her naked body was positioned he clambered up onto the fixture and poked his stiff cock against her pursed lips. Celeste knew better than to resist him, fearing that he might in his rage do severe damage to her face before help could arrive, if it was forthcoming at all.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as her lips parted he began thrusting his hard meat into her mouth, moving deeper with each stroke that he delivered. She gagged as the head began battering at the back of her throat. Then he grabbed her hair in his fists and used it like reins to control her movements as he face fucked her. He forced his tool deeper into her, lodging it within her gullet, blocking the air that she so deperately needed. Celeste fought against the panic that was quickly taking hold of her. Her eyes lost focus as his groin beat a tattoo on her face. She could smell his body odor, which merely added to the discomfort she was experiencing. She wondered if she would pass out before he finished doing whatever was his objective as far as her mouth was concerned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost as if she was clutching at straws, Celeste decided to see if she could hasten his ejaculation, thus sparing herself from further damage to her person. She began to apply suction to his cock as it slid back and forth over her tongue, punching down her throat at the end of each thrust. Her mouth began filling with saliva that was being forcefully created by the friction of his organ on the lining of her throat. His grip on her hair tightened somewhat, encouraging her to keep going. A few more strokes and she felt sure that he was on the verge of spurting. Then he yanked her head back and his glistening cock popped free from her mouth as he made a sound that was somewhere between a laugh and a bark. "I'm on to your pathetic attempt to gain control. You women all think the same way, and you're all wrong! Now I'm going to punish you for your impertinence."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste was unprepared for the fury that he unleashed. His cock punched through her slack lips and wedged itself deep inside her throat. His hands grabbed her ears and began twisting them until she felt as if they would tear away from the sides of her head any second. That pain made her lose concentration on her efforts to draw some air into her lungs. He took full advantage of this distraction and punched his cock another inch deeper into her gullet, blocking off any passage that might allow even the slightest hint of air from entering her body. She felt like a worm on a hook, her eyes bulging from fear and the strain of trying to somehow remove that blockage threatening to ultimately suffocate her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now he was slapping Celeste on the sides of her head, the woman's eardrums overcome by the violent blows that rained down on them. Panic took total control over the blonde newscaster and she gave up to unreasoning fear as her assailant continued to get even more of his sex organ into her throat, all the while buffeting her with sharp blows to the head and ears. Things for a moment seemed suspended and then all was black, as she lost consciousness from lack of air, her lungs flattening while her face took on a deathly bluish hue.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A terrible pain originating from her vulva brought Celeste back to awareness. She screamed hoarsely as the pain grew in intensity.Celeste had somehow survived the previous ordeal, but was now confronted by a new and terrible challenge. Her eyes took time to focus on her attacker; all she could see was his unkempt hair since he was leaning over to get at her genitals. There was another burst of pain and this time she realized that he was doing something to her clitoris. She could hear him grunting and chortling each time a bolt of pain lanced through her body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So, you're not dead after all! I knew you were faking it, like all of your kind do whenever they are confronted by their betters." Celeste was in no condition to make too much sense from what she heard, but she at least was able to breathe, that was progress of a sort. Now if only the pain radiating from her clit would end. Almost on cue she took another jolt that made her shiver. It suddenly dawned on her that he was using the fiendish tool that formed the stars on her stomach. She heard him laugh and then another wave of agony washed over her body as it shuddered and twitched in response to the searing heat that was frying her hot button. Then he suddenly stopped tormenting her and got to his feet. His penis had lost most of its rigidity. She wondered if he had taken advantage of the situation while she was out of it. No matter she thought, that was one less thing she had to deal with at the moment. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was as if nothing of significance had happened. The patriot searched in his case, which was neatly separated into a number of compartments, before coming up with number of thin strips of a dark material that he carefully examined, placing them into two groups as Celeste watched and wondered what part in her torment they would play. He donned a pair of latex gloves and picked one of the strips up with a pair of tweezers. She couldn't help but flinch when he tentatively placed it upon the top portion of her left breast, and then carefully probed it with the tweezers to make sure that it adhered to her skin. He mumbled something to himself and then plucked the strip from her breast and this time applied it to her midriff. It suddenly hit the blonde what it was; this was going to be a part of the flag that he was making on her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "If you move I shall have to hurt you, and it will be much worse than anything you have felt from me yet."&nbsp; His tone of voice was such that she knew instantly that there was no way that she could fail to cooperate if she valued her body and what was left of her sanity. Celeste willed herself to stay still and not do anything to get in the way of progress. So far this process had proven to be benign, especially when compared to what else he had done to her. He clucked and hummed as he moved another and another of the strips from the larger of the two piles and placed them on Celeste. Finally he heaved a sigh of relief as the last of the stripes was put into its proper position on the flag. He grinned happily and stepped back to examine the pattern that he had just formed on the newscaster.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Very good, I knew you had the right kind of skin for this work of art. Many of the models I have worked with had darker skin from being out in the sun too much or their ethnic background. For a time Xavier seemed to have nothing but women and girls from Mexico or central America. I must confess that they were certainly well bult in most cases, but their skin was only useful for my more patriotic displays that were one of a kind fiery tributes to our nation and its glorious history. The naked blonde tried to avoid showing the horror she was experiencing as she listened to this madman coldly describe doing the most terrible things to other women who like herself had fallen into the hands of the monsters that operated this organization.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"On Independence Day last year I used gunpowder to trace an outline of our glorious country onto the body of a teenaged girl from somewhere in central America who had been working here as a prostitute. She was obviously no loss to our nation, but did redeem herself to a degree by becoming a part of my celebration of what America is all about. I used a special blend of materials that would produce a roman candle effect when set off inside various orifices of her body.To cap it off I implanted small quantities of plastic explosive mixed with jellied gasoline to make her breasts, which were rather large, burst into flame seconds after the gunpowder was ignited and her cunt, ears and asshole started to spurt streams of fiery matter into the air. It was a brief but spectacular display that I will long remember. I have a tape of the entire procedure and perhaps at some later date, if you are still with the organization, I'll show it to you during one of our sessions."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste was reaching the limit of what her mind could take before it descended into madness. The thought of being tortured and mutilated for weeks or even months before finally being disposed of like some wornout appliance was something she could not deal with any longer. She resolved to dedicate herself to trying to escape from this charnel house before madness overcame her. For the moment she still had to deal with the patriot and whatever he had in store for her in this session.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The patriot went back to his collection of tools and picked up a metal cylinder. He plugged it into an electrical outlet located on the floor near to the fixture holding Celeste, and donned a pair of dark metallic goggles. "This is a portable UV laser, very costly and most effective for my needs. Now hold still, this will sting a bit." He gave her an evil grin as he spoke, and before the full meaning of what he said had sunk into the helpless captive she was in agony as the laser caused some type of reaction with one of the strips he had attached to her skin.&nbsp; She shreiked and her entire body tensed and lunged against the restraints to no avail. He merely smiled and gave her another dose of pain as a second stripe of his flag was burned permanently into her flesh. When he burned her a third time the blonde lost control of her bladder and pissed all over herself creating a puddle beneath her spread thighs. The fiend cackled at her agonized response to his torture tool, and burned another stripe into her pebbled meat. Celeste screamed herself hoarse as he watched dispassionately, waiting for her to recover sufficiently so that she could appreciate fully the pain associated with the next burn. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The nice part of this technique is that it doesn't matter how long I have the power on, since everything necessary to imprint the material takes place in a fraction of a fraction of a second. The rest is just fun and games for me. Let's see how you handle a longer pulse this time." Celeste was sure that she had gone to hell when he pressed the button and held it down. To her horror she began to smell her flesh being roasted by the pitiless beam of energy he was directing into her skin and the flesh beneath. As the laser ate away at her body, the blonde began to literally chew her tongue from the hideous pain he was causing her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Unable to endure any additional pain she passed out, going into shock as she did. The patriot was familiar with this reaction and so he hurriedly fried her twice more to finish his demented work of art. Celeste hardly moved as the last two stripes were formed. He glanced at his wristwatch and saw that he had a few minutes remaining before this session was up; just enough time to sodomize her. He would need no foreplay to perform, her screams and writhing had made him hard as steel.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier laughed delightedly as he watched the patriot thrusting into the blonde's rectum with powerful strokes. The fact that she was unconscious and unable to even feel, let alone respond to this anal rape was of no consequence to her assailant. Xavier had watched this ritual many times over and always marveled at how sexually excited his client became as he completely his ghastly imprint on the living canvas of his helpless victim. He wondered how long the blonde would last after such a draining experience. He checked his schedule and smiled. Her next customer was the executioner, a warped individual dedicated to seeing just how close he could bring his victim to death without actually achieving the nirvana that they all must have wished for as he tortured them to their limit, always returning them to face even more fear and wishing sincerely for death itself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's Pacific Downfall

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 10



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next day a haggard Celeste, still trying to physically and mentally recover from her ordeal with the patriot was marched over to the Rape Room. The woman in charge of her daily routine informed the blonde newscaster that she was to be attending a private session today; a birthday party for one of the senior clients. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You should be honored that Xavier has allowed you to participate in such an important event. The client has been patronizing our facility for nearly three years and he demanded that you be the hostess for his party, the only hostess I might add. You will be entertaining seven members, all most eager to sample your charms."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste began to tremble as the handler's words sank into her consciousness. Her first experience in the Rape Room had been terrifying and the only reason it had not been more traumatic was that she was able to play one pack of perverts against another and escape most of the pain and degradation that they dished out to the other unfortunates. This time she would be the total focus of the group, and worse still she would be restrained, her hands held behind her back by cuffs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captive experienced mixed feelings when she was led into the large room. On the positive side of things there was no one waiting anxiously for her. However unlike her first visit, this time the room was not merely a large open space with mats haphazardly placed on the floor. Her eyes locked in on the metal table located to one side of the room. It looked exactly like the kind used by her gynocologist when she had to undergo those embarrassing pelvic examinations that were so necessary to assure that she was in good health. In another area of the room sat what looked like an electric chair, complete with straps on the arms and legs as well as a metal cap located above the seat. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's mind refused at first to accept what she was observing. Then as it sank into her, she almost lost her poise, the only thing saving her was the realization that Xavier had committed her to other perverts, the next one due in a matter of days. Based on this evidence she knew that these people would not be allowed to do too much harm to her, but the issue remained, what did "too much" mean to the monsters that operated this torture chamber.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without any warning the door to the room opened, allowing what seemed like a mob of naked men to enter. They wasted no time attacking Celeste who acted like a deer in the headlights. One got her in a choke hold and another tripped her, putting tremendous pressure on her windpipe as her shifting body weight put additional strain on the arm cutting off her air supply. Her tongue popped free of her mouth and only garbled noises came from her. Then one of them brought his knee up between her legs and flattened her cunt, making her feel as if she was about to vomit, except the arm bar against her throat precluded that from happening.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The one choking her now threw her to the floor, and eager hands began dragging her body toward one of the large mats so that her raping could begin. A large, fat man planted himself on her chest, making it difficult to breathe. He had a maniacal look on his pudgy face and before she could make a move his hands were wrapped around her neck, squeezing the life from her. She felt other hands pressing against her pubic region, while others yanked her thighs apart. She was on the verge of passing out from being strangled when a fight broke out among those fighting to be the first to rape her. In the subsequent melee a wayward punch struck the one choking her and Celeste was free to suck air into her burning lungs, as his heavy body slumped to the floor beside her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her respite was agonizingly brief. A thick length of hard cock plowed deep into her bone dry cunt and began attacking the lining of that narrow tube of flesh as it moved in and out with increasing speed and power as her rapist became more comfortably seated within her. Two more cocks filled her vision as they dueled for the right to penetrate her mouth and from that base, skewer her sensitive throat. Her lips were soon bruised and swollen as the struggle continued. She grunted and winced in pain as the one boring away inside her cunt had now begun bottoming out, his cudgel pounding away at the entrance to her uterus. To an onlooker the sight of a fourth cock fucking her armpit might have been humorous, but to the blonde it was ugly and horrifying.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the cocks finally gained entry into her mouth. To Celeste this was a relief of sorts since the battering of her face and mouth, especially the lips, had finally stopped. She decided that resistance was a mistake, and tried to make her throat relax so that the entry of the throbbing tube of hard flesh would have minimal pain attached. Unfortunately she had not anticipated the anger of the loser in this epic struggle. Suddenly her nostrils were pinched closed by a thumb and forefinger that tried to crush the yielding cartilage of her nose. The combined pain and her inability to breathe put the blonde newscaster into near panic. It was then that the one raping her cunt began to deliver what felt like hammer blows to her cervix, making her want to vomit if only there was some path from her roiling stomach to the outside world.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste gave up the struggle and passed out. Evidently her assailants didn't notice that until a minute or so had gone by. Finally the one whose cock was lodged in her throat realized that her face was a pale blue and she was offering no response to what he was doing to her. On the other hand the one pinching her nostrils shut was so preoccupied with twisting and yanking her nipples with his free hand, that he was totally oblivious to her condition. Her attackers scurried away from her limp body once it&nbsp; sank in that she was on the verge of suffocating. The client was enraged at what had occurred, especially since he had not been able to get access to her body since they had begun the assault. He knew that in the event of the woman's&nbsp; death he would be held responsible and his considerable deposit would be forfeited. In addition he'd likely be barred from admittance to the club for some months.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In a fury he grabbed the blonde newscaster by the hair and attempted to pull her to her feet. Her body remained slack, and he was unable to do more than move her torso into a vertical position. Frustrated in his efforts, he began slapping her face with vicious blows that rocked her head from side to side. Abruptly she began coughing, a hollow raspy sound that was music to his ears. Then his anger returned; how dare she interfere with his enjoyment, making him appear to be a fool! He clenched his free hand into a fist and began smashing it against the side of her head, causing her ear to become swollen to nearly twice its original size as well as develop an ugly purple coloration. He let go of his grip on her long hair and she slumped to the floor, eyes fluttering and her bare breasts heaving as she tried to infuse her oxygen starved lungs with precious air. Moments later she was submerged in a sea of naked bodies as the celebrants rushed to resume their assault on her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time the client took command, establishing himself in a position that allowed his cock entry to Cleste's puckered butthole. She was too busy trying to accommodate at least three others who were fighting for access to her mouth and cunt to react to his assault on her colon. Fortunately for the blonde he was focused on watching her asshole swallow and regurgitate his hard length of thick flesh, and thus not insulted by her lack of response. Things&nbsp; happened at a pace that was dizzying; it seemed as if she was being continuously filled with new cocks probing every square inch of her channels. As soon as one twitched and spurted, it was replaced by another stiff invader. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gradually her assailants tired until she was finally pinned to the floor by a pair of rapists who stood above her, one holding her legs and pulling them back to allow his companion to nail her asshole with his thick cock. Once he tired, they exchanged places to the cheers of the onlookers and her gaping anus was invaded by the other. She lost track of time as they tag teamed her over and over. Some of the audience became bored with their efforts and started to do other things to her body such as yank and twist her nipples until she screamed like a banshee, or pinch and scratch her thighs, leaving bloody furrows in their wake. One even managed to wedge his semihard cock into her mouth and force inch after inch down her throat, cutting off her air once more. That finally brought this phase of her attack to a conclusion, as she again passed out.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste awoke to discover that she was now strapped securely to the metal table, her legs attached to the wings in a way that spread her thighs wide, giving her tormentors easy access to both her vulva and anus. A hard rubber dildo was greased and inserted into her raw, distended anal passageway. It took many long agonizing minutes before her asshole became loose enough to accept nearly the entire ten stiff inches of&nbsp; the toy. Had she known what was to follow, Celeste would have put up a determined struggle to avoid having that monster lodged securely inside her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dildo acted to narrow her well stretched vagina thus substantially increasing&nbsp; the resistance to anything inserted into her birth canal. When one of the rapists approached her with a speculum in his hand the blonde did not feel very threatened. This was something with which she was familiar, having undergone this kind of examination dozens upon dozens of times. This one proved to be a very unpleasant surprise. With utterly no concern for the pain it caused, the rapist jammed the cold metal into the mouth of her cunt. Due to the large rubber toy embedded in her rectum, her cunt walls had effectively lost most of their inherent elasticity. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He grinned down at Celeste and began to slam the palm of his big hand against the speculum, driving it inch by slow inch into her super tight tube, scraping away the mucous lining from the walls of her vagina. The pain grew more and more intense as the speculum was forced deeper and deeper into her shrunken channel. When no matter how hard he hammered at the hollow metal cylinder, there was no further penetration, he backed off with an evil smile on his face. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste began to panic when another of these monsters, a man with huge, well muscled arms took his position betweeen her spread thighs, inhaled deeply and smashed the speculum at least an inch deeper into her tight cunt. The blonde captive felt as if she had been kicked in the belly by a mule. She struggled for breath, but was unable to make her lungs work. She hyperventilated, a sure sign that she had lost her poise and was unprepared for the next jack-hammer blow that sent the cylinder another inch or so into her sex tunnel, scraping more of the lining from it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vomit and bile spewed from her gasping mouth, most of it covering her big tits and running down to pool in her navel. Some formed a bizarre mask covering the lower portion of her face, and dripping from her chin. Two of these brutes took turns pounding their fists into her belly and groin, causing another volley of acidic material to be launched from her mouth and nostrils. They stepped back quickly when the newscaster lost control of her bladder and sent an arc of golden liquid into the air to at first land on the floor, then make a slow march backward to the source.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was the guest of honor who finished her off. He grabbed her around the neck with both hands and began to squeeze the life from the woman. Celeste could do nothing but pray for help, knowing that the monitors in the room were being observed by someone from the organization running this insane asylum. She passed out, her face darkening as he continued to choke her with maniacal strength, forcing her tongue to protrude from her slack mouth, lolling to the side like that of an exhausted animal. Her face was nearly black and her vacant eyes were on the verge of popping from their sockets by the time two armed men threw open the doors and ordered the one strangling her to move away from the table or be shot.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste awoke to discover her body strapped into the electric chair, or a reasonable copy of one.&nbsp; How could this be? What had happened since that monster began to strangle her? Was she saved, or did they just decide not to kill her just yet. Even as these thoughts were running through her mind, one of them was grinning wolfishly and pouring a jug of water into one of the two pans in which her bare feet were located. She found it impossible to move them since they were strapped securely to the chair frame. The blonde realized that the rubber dildo was still occupying her rectum, and worse still, the speculum remained lodged within her vagina.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was not yet able to distinguish most of the brutes tormenting her, except for the one being feted, the fat man who had sat on her chest earlier, and the well muscled creature who had brutally smashed the speculum deep into her tender sex channel. Her head was suddenly rocked by a series of powerful slaps from the one who was being "honored". His face was contorted with rage and she could see spittle flying from his half opened mouth. As best she could figure, he was outraged that her foolish behavior had brought down trouble upon him, and she was about to pay dearly for this breach of conduct on her part. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He kept using the word "burn" to describe what was about to happen to her. Celeste almost panicked as it sank in that this was indeed some type of electric chair, and they intended to electrocute her with it. Once more the only thing that kept her sane was the realization that someone was observing what was happening in this torture chamber, and she could not be allowed to die. That was cold comfort when she thought about it. She would be saved from death so she could experience another close encounter with death at the hands of the executioner, her next client. Celeste was rapidly becoming convinced that she had died and was now in hell. Her reverie was broken by the first jolt of electricity that surged through her naked body.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's Pacific Downfall

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 11



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the electrons danced and crawled through every nook and cranny of her twitching body, Celeste discovered she was incapable of screaming, thus preventing her from venting some of the terrifying mental pressure that was rapidly building within her. Her vision began to blur and her ability to hear and understand what those around her were saying totally disappeared. All this happened in a matter of a few seconds. Just as suddenly as it began, the electricity stopped. She was still alive and her senses rapidly returned. No sooner had she taken a deep breath than the second jolt struck, a much longer and more intense burst of electrical power that cut off her ability to breathe. For some reason this time her eyes locked onto her thighs where the muscles below the skin were changing shape, knotting and then flattening as if in concert with the rise and fall of the electric waves traversing her bare body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When her senses returned she heard a voice cackling just before the switch was once again thrown, sending an even more powerful surge of burning pain through her twitching, bare body. This time it felt as if the fluid in her eyes was on the verge of boiling away. Then an overwhelming pain started in her stuffed rectum; muscle contractions had forced her sphincter to clamp down tightly on the invader stretching her colon. Celeste felt as if the top if her head was about to be ripped away as the electrons burned new pathways through her straining tendons and made her entire body writhe against the bonds that held her in this torture chair. The electricity seemed to wax and wane as it slowly cooked her insides. She began to mindlessly chew her lips and the inside of her mouth as they fluttered in concert with the variations in electrical power marching down from the helmet covering her skull.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They gave her a little break from the electricity, but only so some of her hair could be removed from the top of her skull to make a better connection. Celeste could smell the noxious material that was being rubbed into her shaven scalp. She was so disconcerted by what was happening that all she could do was obsess about the loss of her hair, as if her looks had anything to do one way or the other with her fate. She began to sob and beg as the top electrode was clamped against her shaven skull in preparation for the next round of electric shocks they would give her. They didn't keep her waiting, a bolt of power seemed to split her head into a number of shattered pieces and then ran down the highway that was her body, as she croaked and writhed against the leather straps holding her helpless. She actually chipped a tooth from the awful convulsions that were induced by this first blast of renewed power.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A new hand took control of the knife-edge switch and turned it on and off swiftly, jolting Celeste into a panic. Then it went on, off and on, and stayed on. The pale-eyed blonde's naked body twitched and shook as the electrons danced, pulsed and raced pell-mell, causing her blood vessels to dilate producing terrible cramps in many areas of her body and preventing her from breathing as well. A lopsided face came into her field of view and she could barely make it out as the power made her skin ripple and her muscles contract and relax over and over. Someone made the mistake of touching Celeste's hard nippled tits and paid the price in pain. A faint wisp of smoke rose from beneath the helmet that directed the electricity into the victim. Celeste was now frothing at the mouth, her eyes bulging, her body quivering and contracting as the power played havoc with her muscle control, breathing and ability to think, see or speak. She was now nothing but a spastic puppet dancing crazily from the strings held by a madman. Finally someone opened the switch and the blonde newscaster collapsed against her bonds, still acting as if the power was pulsing through her bare body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There still remained one more indignity that she had to endure before she was released from the chair and prepared for the next sick party game. She was surrounded by the perverts who had been tormenting her for what seemed like hours. For the moment she was free from the burning assaults she had been experiencing. From the grinning faces she could make out, they were getting ready to do something bad to her once again. One of them dragged a small step ladder to the front of the chair. The guest of honor mounted it and pointed his cock towards her face so she was staring directly at its bulbous head. While she was distracted, she didn't notice that the others were straining to release the piss from their bladders. First one sighed and his stream began painting her thighs, others quickly followed, washing her bare body with rivers of piss. Then the one standing on the step ladder released his stream as well, painting her eyes and startled face with his acrid waste. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste was so busy reacting to this latest degradation that she was caught totally unaware when the switch was thrown and she took the maximum blast of electricity that the chair was capable of delivering. This was beyond anything she had endured to date. Now the combination of maximum power coupled with the reduced resistance from her piss coated body raised the amount of current flowing through her contorted torso to new heights.&nbsp; She could not blink her eyes, she could not breathe, every muscle in her body seemed to be cramping at the same time. Her teeth began to hurt and that pain grew rapidly to almost take over her entire focus. Something had happened to her jaws to make them clench to the point that she thought her teeth were on the verge of cracking. Her eyes began to water, but that didn't matter much since she suddenly went blind and her heart almost stopped from the panic that ensued within her scrambled mind. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The newscaster was now experiencing her first taste of hell, all in a matter of a few seconds. Then the power was turned off briefly to further confuse her addled brain. One of the perverts was pissing directly onto the speculum jammed into her cunt, creating steam from the electrically heated metal. The one on the step ladder was now seeing how much of his burning piss he could shoot up into her nostrils. The power came back on with a vengeance and Celeste went stiff as a board, her entire body turned into a gigantic tuning fork. Tiny spurts of her own piss coated the speculum, only adding to the agony she was enduring. Her skin crawled and appeared to her audience as if it was trying to separate itself from her burning flesh. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The electricity was now playing havoc with her body's temperature; it was slowly increasing. Beads of perspiration broke out on her brow and moved to her face. Droplets of sweat from her overheating body dripped from the tips of her blistering tits. Her tongue protruded from her mouth, giving her the appearance of a demented circus clown. All the while the electrons raced through her bones and flesh, beginning to raise their temperature to dangerous levels. Then the electricity was shut off by a fail-safe relay that prevented further power from being sent through the blonde's body. Many years ago Xavier had lost a slave being fried in the electric chair due to over exuberance on the part of her torturers. He vowed this would never happen again, and so far his promise had been kept.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a nearly comatose Celeste who was released from the chair and prepared for the next ordeal. Prior to that it was decided that she needed something to wake her up so she could enjoy what was about to occur. The birthday boy decreed that she be gangbangd for the next half hour or so by his assembled friends. At first they were unable to remove the speculum that had been driven deep into her cunt. So she was reduced to only two holes plus her tits and armpits, the latter having a certain appeal to a number of the perverts working on her. The initial assaults produced a lower than anticipated response from the star attraction. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However when two of the celebrants managed to get their cocks jammed into her dilated asshole, things improved as far as her screams and begging. She was on her back, her legs pulled up and then held in a wide split so that the two men in her asshole could move independently to skewer her tender insides. A third member joined the party, power fucking her throat from above. Not to be outdone, a fourth man managed to get himself situated so his cock could saw away between her imprisoned tits that were tender to the touch and caused her to wail like an animal in terrible pain whenever the one fucking her throat gave her a chance to suck in some air.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those waiting impatiently for a turn urged the ones using Celeste's body to hurry and hurt her as much as they could, bragging that no matter what they did, those waiting would out do them. The helpless woman had no say at all in the raping she was taking. Celeste was so weak from the electric chair, that they didn't even bother to restrain her. The minutes crept by and the cocks doing her were replaced by fresh meat which continued the merciless assault on her body. Again she suffered the agony of a double penetration of her gaping asshole that this time resulted in a trickle of blood oozing from that raw, distended, unblinking eye of a wound that was once a tight, well-toned tunnel for only those knowledgeable enough to plumb its depths. Her big, bruised tits were coated with enough sperm to form a crusted covering that bubbled and cracked as she drew breath. Two others had comandeered her armpits and were pounding into the sweaty flesh with maniacal force. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once they erupted, burying the skin under twin loads of boiling cum, the birthday boy called an end to this little break.He then proceeded to describe the final game in which his victim would play a part in celebration of his day. His audience was driven into a new frenzy as he provided the details of her final ordeal. In honor of his birthday celebrating the conclusion of his fifty-second year, his birthday girl would have seven metal rings, seven extremely sharp-edged metal rings glued to seven positions on her body. The five would consist of two rings glued to her big tits,over the nipples, another on her belly ,a fourth just above her cunt and the fifth framing the tip of the speculum lodged deep within her pouting pussy. The two would be represented by rings glued to her buttocks.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For each round Celeste would be hoisted off her feet by a rope around her neck with her hands and feet tightly tied to provide a stable target. Her naked body would be spun and each member of the birthday party would get the opportunity to use a wooden paddle to drive one of the rings deep into her flesh. After the beginning of each spin, the contestant had three seconds to strike, or lose his turn.&nbsp; Celeste then would be returned to her feet to regain her breath before the next round began. According to his calculations, excluding himself, there were seven members attending this party. In the event that after seven rounds there remained a ring or rings that had not been struck, he would finish the job, no matter how many spins it took.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste was still too dazed to fully comprehend what was about to happen to her. She was numb to her surroundings, and hadn't been able to understand all that the guest of honor said to the crowd of perverts&nbsp; itching to get busy on her once more. The fat man who had caused her so much grief earlier was selected to hoist her body into the air so that the birthday boy could wind her up and let her spin. The force which he used to hoist her off her feet nearly snapped her neck like a twig.The pervert leader yelled at the fat man to use some caution. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This break in the routine meant that precious seconds went by, seconds that brought the victim close to death. The head man had the good sense to hold up her body so that no added pressure would be brought to bear on her windpipe. Then he marched her around in a circle a number of times, then let her go and she began spinning slowly, but quickly increased her speed. He counted to three and stepped away so the first pervert could take a swing at her with the paddle, a heavy plank of hardwood not easy to control. His swing was well off the mark and a wave of boos greeted his effort. Celeste was too busy trying to avoid vomiting as well as strangulation to realize her good fortune,as the paddle glanced off her hip.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more Celeste was lifted by her neck and spun, the process being a lot smoother than the first effort. However the result was the same, a glancing blow to the shoulder, well off the mark. There were now two very unhappy people standing there with nothing to do except threaten and curse Celeste, as if she had any control of her destiny. The third man closed his eyes and swung hard at where her tits should be. Celeste croaked and choked, gasping for air at the shock she had just received, the ring on her left tit sunk into the flesh drawing a circular pattern of blackish blood that oozed to the surface. The human pinata was in a bad way, unable to draw breath and at the same time already suffocating from the rope around her neck that constricted her air passageway to near zero. It took some teamwork for her to be rescued so she could approach death one more time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the next two contestants missed and the other made a partial strike, driving half of the ring glued to her belly into her flesh, starting another semi-circular pattern of bleeding. The sixth contestant scored a direct hit on the ring attached to her right&nbsp; buttock. The force of the blow numbed the region so she was spared that shock to her nervous system as the ring bit deep into her firm bottom flesh, yielding a mini-geyser of blood. Moments later as they were preparing her for the last spin in this round, Xavier's voice boomed from the monitoring televison located in the upper corner of the room. He announced that the organizer of this session had been assessed a blood fee and it would be deducted from his escrow account. This information did not make him particularly happy, but he accepted this judgement and continued the game. Celeste vomited and passed out when the ring framing her cunt lips was driven deep by a lucky hit. This time the blood was minimal, but the swelling of those fat cunt lips was hard to believe. Three rings remained in play, all to be the reward for the host of this party for perverts. He declared a brief recess so his prey could be revived to enjoy his triumph.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was much muttering among the party participants, and it grew in volume as he declared himself ready to take his swings. The fat man refused his order to yank the rope to lift Celeste off her feet. There was dead silence in the room. He called for another volunteer to lift and spin the newscaster, offering one swing for whoever stepped forward. A thin, middle-aged fellow tried his luck, but did not have sufficient strength to pull the woman off her feet. Instead he merely strangled Celeste, her tongue lolling from her mouth&nbsp; like an exhausted animal. It was at this point that security personnel arrived and declared the session to be concluded as per Xavier's order. Anyone who wished to differ with this judgment was offered the opportunity to see Xavier in person within the next ten minutes. There were no takers. Minutes later the room was deserted except for a huddled, crying, hysterical Celeste. The door opened for the last time today and the woman responsible for her upkeep entered to escort her to the medical facility so she could be checked over before being returned to her room to await further duty. Had she known it would be the periodontist, she might have tried to commit suicide, so depressed had she become.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's Pacific Downfall - Chapter 12



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor who checked her over also removed the speculum that had been driven deep into her pussy. Since he didn't use any anesthetic, the process was most painful, almost as bad as how it felt when the device was kicked into her snatch. He recommended that her vagina not be used for at least three days, some small comfort to the dazed and distraught woman. He also commented that the patriot was going to be furious that his American flag tattoo had been damaged by the perverted partygoers, but that would be something for Xavier to handle. Finally he gave her a shot in the rump, deliberately making no attempt to avoid hurting her. Like everyone else in this charnel house the doctor was a pervert, getting his kicks from hurting his patients and depressing them with his prognoses and observations concerning their declining health.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste could not believe that she was being taken to another room where a client awaited. She literally lost control of her bladder when she saw the one called the periodontist waiting for her with his torture instruments laid out carefully on the tray beside the fixture that would hold her in an iron grip as he worked to save her gums from various diseases that she didn't have. She struggled mightily against her handler despite her weakened condition. Her fear gave her inhuman strength, and finally the woman had to call for assistance.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two huge brutes in uniform carrying cattle prods appeared quickly and made short work of her resistance as the sadistic client watched gleefully. One put her into a half-nelson and the other jammed his prod into the mouth of her sore cunt and gave her a good jolt of electricity that made Celeste go limp and bring up some bile from her stomach. They were not finished with her yet. They dragged her to her feet and this time the other one gave her a dose of juice by jamming his prod between her big tits and nearly stopping her heart. She fainted from the shock.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Celeste awoke she was strapped down on the fixture with her head held firmly by a clamp that seemed to be one turn away from cracking her skull. The straps holding her body down were so tight she could only take shallow breaths. The periodontist approached her with a device that would open her mouth to its limit and keep it in that painful position while he tortured her gums and teeth. She thought her jaws were going to break as he slowly moved the lever that applied the force to them. Celeste panicked when she accidently let some saliva go down the wrong pipe, choking her for a few seconds that seemed like half an eternity. He squirted some water down her throat to clear it, commenting that he certainly didn't want her choking to death after all the trouble he had taken to get her ready for this next procedure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was too busy to notice, or even make any comments on the condition of his patient's naked body. The periodontist was totally focused on his work to the exclusion of everything else. Celeste almost lost her mind when he leaned over and whispered that today he would be trying some experimental procedures on her, that might be stressing, but would likely benefit future patients. He showed her a thin loop of metal with another wire spot welded to it.The loop was then fitted around one of her upper molars, one that he hadn't worked on previously. The other wire was attached to a small black box on the tray. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He grinned down at her and flipped a switch on the box. For perhaps thirty seconds Celeste felt nothing. She had almost gotten comfortable with this strange apparatus when she felt the loop beginning to get cold. At first the pain was minimal, but with the passage of time the tooth to which it was connected began to cool down. Now the pain spread quickly to her gum line. She heard, before she felt, the first tiny crack in the cementum that bonded the tooth to the jawbone. Now there was a lancing pain as the tooth contracted from the cold and began stressing the entire area of cementum surrounding the molar. The pain raced to her face, especially the area beneath her eye socket. The pain level increased steadily, reflecting the difference in temperature between the molar and the surrounding gum tissue.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One thing that the perverted dentist wannabe had not taken into consideration was the other layers that made up the tooth. Each had a different coefficient of expansion as a function of temperature. What this meant in reality was that the tooth would crack internally, causing the patient a level of pain that was hard to equal short of forcing the liquid in her eyes to boil, making them explode. The pain level approached Celeste's limit and then went beyond as she gibbered and prayed for death. She was unaware that her tormentor had disrobed and was preparing to sodomize her to celebrate driving her to the brink of madness.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde newscaster passed out, thus missing the experience of her tooth cracking into dozens of fragments, some tearing away portions of the gum surrounding the disintegrating molar. She also deprived the periodontist of the pleasure of watching her reaction as his hard cock reamed out her tender rectum. However the rape of her asshole was more for his pleasure than her pain. To kick up the pain level would require the use of his extender, an attachment that put nearly fifteen total inches of cock and plastic to work rearranging her colon and a portion of her lower intestine.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he revived his patient, he enjoyed her reactions as she struggled madly against her bonds, his cum still dribbling from her distended asshole which had been cruelly used while she was unconscious. Her eyes popped when she realized that another one of her teeth was now looped and connected to the little black box. This time it was a canine, a lower one in the interests of symmetry. The machine began to hum, and Celeste lost her composure immediately, much to the enjoyment of her torturer. He took a small dental forcep and used it to pull and twist her nipples as she screamed herself hoarse between that pain and the growing agony radiating from the next tooth to undergo this sadistic procedure. She wondered in those brief moments of sanity just how many teeth were going to be destroyed in this manner at the session.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For his own reasons, the periodontist didn't freeze the tooth as quickly as the prior molar. This acted to prolong the build up of pain. Since Celeste had already been through the process, and was helpless to prevent it, the wait was agonizing, extremely agonizing. This was exactly what he had wanted. He put the extra time to good use, applying the dental forceps and an extractor to her tits and nipples, actually causing one of her pinkish nubbins to bleed from the vicious yanking and twisting he gave it. Next he tore into the patriot's flag, turning those small stars into bleeding fields, all the while reveling in the high pitched screams and squawks that he forced from his patient's mouth. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He had just made a minor inroad to one of the blonde's armpits, exposed and vulnerable thanks to the way her arms were restrained above her head.He was using an excavator that ended in a sharp hook to puncture the flesh and then flay it, exposing the deeper layers of skin for probing and tearing. Celeste had long since lost her voice and was approaching madness for the second time in this session. Without warning, part of the canine exploded into fragments that were even smaller than from the molar, while sheets of enamel were sheared away, some exiting from her propped open mouth, others embedded into the nearby flesh surrounding the ruined canine, and a few chunks found lodging inside her tongue. She quickly began to generate a bloody froth from her mouth and moments later went into shock, her naked body shaking violently. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He stepped back and took in his latest triumph, and it made him happy. He was now inspired to really go to work on this woman's gums and teeth, that is if she could be revived for more pain. He looked over his instruments to see what was available for this purpose. Before he could begin, it was necessary to stop the flow of blood from both areas and do some excavating to remove some of the larger, more damaging pieces of teeth that remained in her gums. He knew that this could be accomplished while she remained in shock. He decided that was best, since if she struggled and became hysterical most of his plans would likely be thwarted.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He siphoned up most of the blood and some fragments, following this by spraying the area with an astringent. Even though his patient was unconscious, her body twitched and her eyes opened and closed in response to the pain that he had added to the already huge load she had experienced. He selected a hypodermic needle, a fearsome looking device nearly a half-foot in length with a reservoir containing a double dose of stimulants that would bring her out of the semi-coma she had retreated into for protection. He positioned it at the back of her mouth, where her levered jaws exposed the most sensitive flesh. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Normally such a shot would be made by gently pricking the top area of flesh and then slowly working the needle further down as the pain killer numbed the flesh around the needle tip. However this was not the approach he took. He drove the needle at an angle into her flesh until it contacted her jaw bone. Her eyes flew open and the oddest sound came from her, a cross between a squeal and a whoop. The terrible pain had jump started her back into consciousness, only to be greeted by an even greater pain than anything she had endured to date. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her mind briefly collapsed, returning her to infancy as her bladder and bowels failed simultaneously, much to the anger and dismay of her torturer. He yanked the needle from her jaw and plunged it back into her flesh for a second time, not for any reason except to make her feel pain. He too had become so caught up in what he was doing that he had lost contact with reality as well. What finally brought him to his senses, such as they were, was the vomit issuing from her propped open mouth. Unless she got her into another position, and quickly , her lungs would likely fill with her own vomit, effectively suffocating her. This would also end the career, and perhaps even the life of this arch sadist. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He went to work furiously removing her bonds so she could bend over at the waist, making it easier for her to rid her lungs and air passage of the vomit that might have lodged there. It was then that Xavier made known his presence, informing the client that he was on the verge of being heavily fined and suspended from using the facilities unless he could restore the organization's property to something akin to proper working order. This only made the periodontist work faster, for now it was not only his victim at stake, he too was on the griddle. Moments later security and medical people entered the room and as he was escorted away to see Xavier, the medical people went to work stabilizing Celeste.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The prognosis for her long term state of health was dismal. The latest client had pushed her over the edge. The medical people recommended that she be processed for shipment to the island, the final step for nearly all those unfortunate women who entered this human slaughter house. Celeste had not lasted as long as some, but she had been "stressed" by experts; those sadists who lived only to inflict pain on their helpless victims. Xavier reviewed the findings, but decided that even in her current near-vegetative state, Celeste would be able to satisfy yet another client before she made her final contribution to the organization's coffers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For two days she was allowed to rest and regain some of her strength lost to the last sadist she had entertained. Late on the second day she was taken to the medical facility and reexamined. They determined that she could support the next client scheduled to work on her. Celeste was injected with drugs to enhance her reaction to pain and stimulate her befogged mind. To anyone except a medical expert she would appear normal, especially to the types who used the women staffing this horror house. Due to the nature of the client and his speciality, the session would be taped for distribution regardless of the outcome. Based on past performances, Celeste had a one in three chance of dying during the session, but that was more than acceptable when the organization considered the fee this person routinely paid for his pleasures. The blonde newscaster was about to meet the modern version of Jack the Ripper, known here as the Executioner.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's Pacific Downfall - Chapter 13

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Part of Celeste was numb to what was occurring, the rest of her wished for death. She was naked, not a stitch covering her bruised and battered body. Somehow she knew this was the last time she would be escorted by her handler down to one of these rooms that always housed a monster disguised as a human being. If she had her wits about her she might have guessed the significance of being naked. She was going to leave the world the same way she entered it. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This one was tall, wearing a silvery mask and dressed in hospital whites, in keeping with his avocation. Celeste looked away from him and her eyes took in what else was contained in this brightly lit, white room. She saw the shallow tank of water in the corner with the seesaw standing before it. In her befuddled state she did not grasp the danger this simple fixture represented. There was a medical examination table, complete with straps, in another part of the room. Hanging from the fixture next to it was a drip hose for giving&nbsp; IVs to patients. This seemed rather innocuous to her since she was incapable of making connections between the objects she was seeing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a metal cabinet against the wall near the table. Celeste's reaction to that was violent and fearful, it so reminded her of the little machine that the periodontist had used to destroy her teeth. When she focused on the hangman's noose dangling from the ceiling in the center of the room, with a small stepladder situated below it, she lost all hope and became hysterical. The woman escorting her for some reason patted her upper arm just before she turned and left the room. This small gesture of human kindness in this hell on earth was lost to the terrified victim.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He crooked his bony finger at her, beckoning for the naked blonde to approach him. She refused to move, thinking this might save her from whatever he had planned for her. He smiled and she screamed at the razor sharp teeth that had been filed down to points. Was he a compatriot of the other one who had done such terrible things to her mouth? How else could his teeth have been shaped this way, and by whom? She was oblivious to the monitors that were now recording every detail of this session featuring the executioner and his latest victim.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For one so spare, he had surprising strength, manhandling her easily despite her struggles to escape his grip. In spite of her terror, Celeste's weakened state made strapping her down to the table a simple matter. He rewarded himself by mauling her sore tits, twisting and biting them until he drew blood in a number of places. Satisfied with the damage to her tits, he prepared Celeste for her first challenge. He clamped leads to her nipples, making sure that the metal teeth sank well into the flesh surrounding them. His victim watched&nbsp; passively, which angered him. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He slapped her across the face, back and forth, again and again as her head went from side to side. Tiring of her lack of response, he completed his preparations, hooking the leads up to the small electrical generator that occupied the table located beside his patient, or perhaps victim would have been a better way to describe her. He reached under the table supporting her and withdrew a stethoscope that he used to check her heart. He listened carefully for quite some time before initiating his first assault on her helpless body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He turned on the machine and slowly ran up the power, the electricity taking the path of least resistance, meaning that it was passing through her heart. Her body twitched and shook as the power increased. Then he abruptly turned it off, and checked her heart again, nodding and muttering to himself as Celeste tried to catch her breath. She had automatically stopped breathing the moment the first jolt of electricity had rippled through her body. He flipped the switch and this time she took the full effect with no run-up. Her body rose up against the straps holding her fast to the table, and a keening wail came from her as the blazing electrons made their way through her heart muscle. This time that organ went into ventricular fibrillation, which was what he had been trying to induce.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He listened to her heart carefully and observed the other signs of disfunctioning such as her shallow and irreguar breathing, the clammy feel of her body to his touch and the loss of color in her face accented by the bluish tinge to her lips. A smile broke across the features hidden behind the silvery mask. He checked his watch to see how long she had been in this dangerous state. He waited a few long moments before taking up the paddles that he would use to shock her heart back into its regular rhythm.&nbsp; He checked to be sure they were in operating condition and then he brought them down to deliver the first shock to her heart. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her body jumped, air being driven from her lungs by the force of what she had just absorbed. He checked her eyes for evidence of recovery and saw none. Again the paddles were charged and discharged through her wildly palpitating heart muscle, still no signs of recovery. Her face was ashen, her lips had turned purple. The executioner cursed and once more delivered a massive jolt of electrical power to that failing heart that was about to steal his victim from him before things even began to get interesting. Celeste moaned and her chest heaved as she drew in fresh air to her lungs; her heart had been restarted.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The executioner decided she needed to rest for a time before he went back to inducing heart seizures. He chose to have sex with his victim as a way to pass the time and celebrate his first victory over death. Her eyes bulged as she saw how huge his cock was; this one was misshapen and monstrous in size. He clambered onto the table after removing the straps that held her legs. She screamed as his huge cock turned her cunt lips into a thin line of stretched tissue, before breaching her pussy. Her screams grew louder and higher pitched as he wedged inch after inch of this thick slab of wart covered gristle into her tortured birth canal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pain he was causing Celeste jolted her back to full consciousness. She felt as if she was taking a tree trunk into her fuck tunnel, bark and all. He paused to husband his strength and then jammed another inch of that mighty weapon into her collapsing defenses. The walls of her impossibly full cunt were stretching into unknown territory and the pain was blinding. This wasn't a man inside her, it was some kind of burrowing animal or perhaps one of those tunneling machines expanding her fuck tube to unheard of dimensions. Looking down the front of her sweat soaked body she saw that barely half of that brutal cudgel had entered her straining twat that felt as if it would tear asunder any moment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He wrapped his large, long-fingered hands around her tits for leverage and raised his body to a better position for penetration. She closed her eyes and tried to imagine she was somewhere else, but failed in her attempt to pull off that feat. He slammed into her with terrific force and she felt something giving way inside her pussy. The pain was more like a dull ache at first and then it grew to something that made her sick to her stomach. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde newscaster began to vomit, infuriating her rapist who balled one of his big hands into a fist and struck her a vicious blow to the face, flattening her nose and breaking some cartilage. Soon she was spewing blood from her nostrils and he was forced to withdraw in order to escape this torrent of foul liquids issuing from her. Celeste was unaware that he had spurted his hot cum deep inside her cunt just before the particular set of muscles in her fuck channel had torn.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more dressed, calm and eager to torture his subject once more, he selected heavier cables with jaws that were guaranteed to draw blood and resumed stopping her heart. He worked carefully and slowly, giving her small bursts of electrical power that made her heart stop pumping for brief seconds, but then returned to its normal pace. This torment was much worse for Celeste's mind than the previous approach. Each time her heart stopped, she thought the face of death was about to reappear to drag her to the fires of hell. Her adversary was thoroughly enjoying this unequal struggle, fully aware of the terrible damage it was doing to her sanity.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste had been almost lulled into a sense of false security, over and over her heart stopped beating for one or two counts then it continued as if nothing had ever happened. She was caught off-guard when her heart went into arrest and continued to behave erratically once it started beating again. She panicked and tried to will her heart to regain its normal pulse, but it continued to waver, out of rhythm and unable to sustain anything resembling a regular pulsation. She lapsed into a near-coma and once again her body began to shut down its various organs as they became starved for fresh, oxygenated blood.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As usual the executioner had given death a head start and now it was a race against time to snatch his victim from his adversary's cold fingers. The first two attempts to shock her heart back to a normal rhythm were disasters. Once more he listened carefully to the random sounds echoing in her chest cavity; this would be his final chance at success. He regreased the paddles, made sure they were set properly and took a deep breath. The executioner's&nbsp; reputation&nbsp; was on the line. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He slammed the paddles down onto her barely moving chest and then in a sense double clutched them, yanking them from her cold skin and replacing them in one smooth motion to be jolted anew. His subject's body arched against the straps and was still; he was defeated! Then abruptly her eyes flew open and she coughed, a deep dry cough, then another and still another. She lived to be taken to the depths once again, this time challenging another of the four basic elements, water.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)&nbsp;&nbsp; 











 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-04-12T00:12:00Z
  2007-04-12T00:12:00Z
  5
  2080
  11858
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  98
  27
  13911
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






 Celeste's Pacific Downfall -
Chapter 14

  

 To celebrate his victory over death the
masked monster once more raped his victim. This time he used his huge cock to
block her windpipe and slowly strangle her. She was no match for his strength,
barely able to open her eyes and softly plead for mercy or a quick death, which
brought a fiendish laugh from behind the mask.

&nbsp;

 &quot;There shall be no mercy for you, now
or ever! You are the thrall of death and I am but his humble servant. You will suffer and wish
for his cold embrace, but it is not so easy to become one with death, as I
think you are discovering.&quot;

&nbsp;

 She could make no sense from what he said.
Her mind was in total turmoil, she had no concept of time any longer. Fear and
panic had taken permanent hold of her. What little touch to humanity that
remained was slowly being drained from her psyche. To Celeste, there was no
life, no death, just this interminable limbo and the awful pain that came and
went.

&nbsp;

 He had dragged her to the seesaw and
strapped her tightly to the rough board; arms pulled up over her head and tied
with strips of leather to a peg. He stripped and settled his cadaverous body
onto hers in such a manner that allowed him to feed his cock into his victim's
mouth. He placed his long fingers at the back of her jaws and pressed until
they locked in place. The executioner knew his anatomy, he had spent years
studying the human body and as usual it was paying dividends. With her mouth
slack it would be no challenge to enter her and begin to block her windpipe
with its massive girth. 

&nbsp;

 However first he had to harden his weapon,
and he accomplished this by tit fucking Celeste, his big hands squeezing her
tits together to increase the friction they could generate as his cock sawed away
between them. In the process he managed to open some of her old wounds and soon
his cock was flecked with her blood, bringing a hideous cackle from his throat.
Gradually that ugly length of gristle grew longer and fatter, the ideal
implement for slowly strangling the woman. He had no intention of killing her
in this manner; it merely was his way to celebrate what had passed and what was
to come.

&nbsp;

 Satisfied that his wart-covered cock was
ready for the task, he locked her jaws wide using the tips of his fingers to effectively
paralyze the muscles controlling them. He shifted his position so that the
angle at which his cock entered her mouth would lead directly to her gullet.
His first thrust plugged her windpipe completely and she barely made an attempt
to struggle, already giving up to whatever he intended. He pressed forward and
his cock slipped further down her throat, stretching the soft tissue to its
limit. The executioner paused to enjoy the sensations of her throat convulsing
from the pressure he was applying to it. Celeste's face had already turned red,
and her eyes were starting to bulge from their sockets as she was being
suffocated. He pulled back, discovering that he was nearly trapped by her
reaction to his cock's presence in her throat. That was something he wished to
avoid; to strangle her now would defeat his aim to add more pain and suffering
to her miserable existence, but not to end her life.

&nbsp;

 He resumed torturing her; moving that
engine of destruction down the shaft of her throat, completely cutting off her
air supply. Celeste's face slowly returned to red, then grew paler as her lungs
labored to find the precious oxygen the body needed to sustain itself. Her lips
turned blue and then a darker shade, almost purple. Her eyes were wide, but saw
nothing. She had not drawn breath for over a minute, he decided to go for
another thirty seconds. To amuse himself he began throttling his comatose prey,
enjoying the way her eyes seemed to grow larger as her face now took on an ashy
cast to it that announced the approach of death. He was not about to sacrifice
her this easily, and so he yanked his cock from her ravaged throat wth a loud
pop, then listened to her wheeze and cough as the air began to pass into her
lungs which eagerly accepted and processed it.

&nbsp;

 The executioner went back to tit fucking
his victim, working his cock between her battered and bruised sacks of fat at
the same time that his powerful hands mauled and twisted those fun bags, as
some of her boyfriends had described them in better times. He felt himself
approaching another ejaculation, and he wanted to make sure that every drop was
emptied into her throat as she gasped for that precious life-giving commodity
that we all take so much for granted. He popped the head of his misshapen cock
into her bruised throat and jammed it deep this time, enjoying how much pain he
was causing. He moved it from side to side to make sure there was enough room
to maneuver. Her gullet had been so stretched out of shape that her voice was
nearly gone, as she would discover shortly. 

&nbsp;

 He began to throat-fuck her, driving his
cock deeper and deeper with each short thrust. It did not take long before his
nutsack tightened and then his churning testicles errupted, sending a salvo of
hot cum into his victim's throat and ultimately down into her belly and lungs
as well. By the time he finished, Celeste was unconscious and once more on the
verge of death. This time he brutally revived her by slamming his fist into her
sternum until she coughed up some bile and her eyes flew open in horror, as she realized she still lived and
would be able suffer even more torture from this madman.

&nbsp;

 The executioner dressed once more, making
sure that his stethoscope was displayed prominently. He proceeded to restrain any movement in
Celeste's head, using a special strap that covered her brow. She was too far
gone to even wonder what the purpose of this new restraint could possibly be.
Then he checked the level of water in the small rectangular tank by tipping the
seesaw, to which Celeste was tightly bound, into it. He clucked his tongue and
added just enough water so that Celeste's nose barely broke the surface. He
checked everything for stability and then set it into motion driven by a small
motor attached to a fitting on the underside of the board. 

&nbsp;

 The first ten or fifteen cycles were
accomplished without any difficulty for the blonde newscaster. Her breathing
became fairly normal, considering the circumstances, and when he checked her
heart and lungs, they too were handling the pressures associated with this
operation. As before, she was being lulled into a sense of false security. Her
mind was in such a confused state that she had no recollection of what had
happened to her previously, something that he was depending upon for maximum
effect. This time there was no abrupt change that threw her from one state to
another. Instead it was insidious the way he raised the level of water to just
cover her nose. On every other cycle he added perhaps an ounce or two of water.
It took many cycles before it dawned on the woman that she was now immersed
below the water level at the end of each swing. Still, most of the time she was
able to draw breath.

&nbsp;

 Now the executioner began to pull the
wings off this fly. Not only did he continue to add more water to the tank
after each cycle, he started penetrating her cunt with his long fingers,
distracting her to the point that she lost her composure, swallowing water that
in turn made her panic. From there it was a slaughter as she lost control
completely. To finish off this round he drove his fist down into her belly, not
once but a number of times. It proved almost impossible for her to take a deep
breath because of all the outside events that were happening. Left alone she
probably would have been able to survive for much longer before starting to
drown, but not this way. To add to her misery he turned up the speed at which
the seesaw dunked its occupant. Celeste gasped and choked and swallowed more
and more water. Then she lost all control and began inhaling the contents of
the tank ending this stage of her torment.

&nbsp;

 He waited until her body had totally
relaxed, showing no reaction whether she was beneath the surface or above the
water's level. The seesaw was stopped and he checked her vital signs. She still
had a pulse, even though it was weak and thready. He decided to resuscitate her
in a rather bizarre manner. Balling up his large hand into a fist he began to
fist-fuck his victim. At first even her insides were cool to the touch, and she
failed to respond to the meanest of assaults on her damaged cunt. He kept at
it, moving deeper into her fuck tunnel and meeting significant resistance from
her cooling flesh. Undeterred, he persisted and went further down that tight
tube. 

&nbsp;

 Nearly half his forearm was inside her
pussy when he decided to start fisting her seriously. Back and forth his fist
went, punching away inside that tight tunnel and gradually feeling the return
of some body heat, a very good sign that she was recovering. Then she moaned,
coughed and brought up some water, followed by a lot more that streamed from
both her mouth and nostrils. The executioner had notched another victory over
death, but many bouts remained before this woman might be considered free of
immediate banishment to the underworld.

&nbsp;

 This time Celeste was given no opportunity
to rest or prepare herself for whatever new terror her torturer planned for
her. Immediately she was plunged into the tank and held at the bottom until her
lungs began to take in water. Then she was brought up long enough for her to
spit up the water, and once more sent to the bottom so that her lungs would
again fill with water. This time he added to her agony by punching her in the
belly, forcing even more water to be ingested.
Up she came to be revived for still another trip. 

&nbsp;

 She could not keep up with the surprises
he sprang. She was fisted while she swallowed water by the pint, but still
brought back to endure even more brutal treatment. His favorite and the one
that broke her will to survive was to punch her in the solar plexus while she
was being held under water. This paralyzed her so she couldn't breathe. Thus
when he brought her up, she went into convulsions as she literally drowned in a
sea of air. This challenged the executioner's skills to the maximum, for he had
to wait until that network of nerves behind her stomach wall could restore
themselves before he could apply his knowledge to defeat his adversary one
more time. 

&nbsp;

 Celeste was icy cold and gray faced before
he tried to jump start her heart with a
jolt of electricity. Three times he ran current through her silent heart
muscle, failing each time. At that point he went from science to folk
knowledge, utilizing a long needle to probe certain muscles in her chest cavity
that in principle would induce respiration. To his amazement it was successful,
his subject had once more cheated death, allowing him to carry out more of his
agenda. What he didn't know was that the long period devoid of oxygen for her brain
had turned her into more of a vegetable than a human being.

&nbsp;

 She remained on the seesaw, but now it was
moved to another section of the room, near a drain and a water tap that jutted
from the wall. The executioner produced a rubber mask that fit over the lower
portion of Celeste's face, with a small opening that was located in the area of
her mouth. A length of rubber tubing was
attached to the opening, making a fit that was akin to a seal. The other end in
turn was attached to the water tap. Celeste made no attempt to struggle or show
any interest in what was about to transpire, her mind having shut down except
for certain critical functions such as breathing and sensing. Although she
could see and hear, what those inputs meant to her badly damaged brain were
unknown.

&nbsp;

 This torture was a variation on what was
often done to heretics during the Inquisition. Hundreds of years later, it
still was basically the same. Celeste's stomach would be filled with water at
various rates, but always with the same result. Her stomach would expand until
it intruded into space normally occupied by her lungs. If carefully done the
victim would be slowly suffocated. The trick was to inflate her stomach at a
very slow rate once it started making contact with her lungs. If done too
quickly her body would attempt to violently expel the contents of her swollen
belly, often with disastrous consequences. If done with care, and repeated
often enough, the victim's stomach muscles could be weakened to the point that
they would not function properly. Her belly would then undergo catastrophic
expansion that would not only flatten her lungs, it could lead to the rupture
of her stomach, causing an agonizing death.

&nbsp;

 For his own reasons the executioner was
not interested in weakening Celeste's stomach muscles, perhaps because it would
take an inordinate amount of time, and he had other plans for her once this
phase of her torture was done. The first time he filled her rapidly,
measuring Celeste's girth and checking
her lungs every few minutes as she
struggled to keep up with the flow of water entering her mouth. On occasion she
would falter and water would be expelled from her nostrils, much to the delight
of her torturer. He was unhappy about her overall lack of response to this fiendish
process. Most of the time she merely swallowed automatically and made no
noticeable response to the enormous swelling of her stomach. Gradually her face
lost color and her breathing became labored as more and more of her lung
capacity was taken away by her evergrowing belly that now made her appear to be
in an advanced stage of pregnancy. The executioner stopped the flow of water so
she could accommodate to her new body state, now dominated by her belly. He
continued to check her lungs and satisfied that she still could take more
water, he opened the tap and finished her off.

&nbsp;

 (To be continued-lex
ludite)













 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste's Pacific Downfall - Chapter 15





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier had been following the session with a great deal of interest. It was apparent to him that Celeste had reached that point in her existence where she would make an excellent candidate for a trip to the island, discovered quite by accident over thirty years ago by the founders of his organization. Under normal conditions a quirky confluence of wind, waves, and competing ocean currents created a micro fogbank that effectively hid the island from view except under the rarest of circumstances.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The closest inhabitants, who were not even aware of the island's existence, were only too happy to sell it to the strangers who made them a more than fair offer for a piece of property they didn't even know they owned. What made the transaction so valuable was that none of the original "owners" could locate the island, which allowed the new owners to provide false information concerning its precise location on the registry documents.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over the years that followed, an island infrastructure was carefully developed in almost total secrecy. An airstrip was carved out and then carefully camouflaged just in case another party accidentally discovered the island from the air. To&nbsp; create this miracle of construction required that in the early stages the workers be dropped from low flying aircraft just off the fog bank. They used inflatable rafts plus materials and tools to reach the island and begin the construction project that took the better part of eighteeen months&nbsp; to complete. The homing beacon they set up made it possible for aircraft to land and thus the project moved rather quickly afterwards. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First came the construction of the two main sound stages, complete with the most modern cameras and lighting. Accommodations for visitors were then built and hidden as well, mostly buried beneath the sand and coral that composed most of this strip of land in the middle of the Pacific. The use of electric generators and a facility for producing potable water made the island liveable for brief periods, sufficient to allow its main purpose, which was the making of snuff films for a very selective clientelle to whom money was no object.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nearly ten years ago the first snuff films were shot on the new sound stages manned by the best directors and camera people that money could tempt. The two stars were down at the heels porn starlets who failed to make the big time and were desperate for any opportunity to earn some cash. No one remembers their real or stage names, nor does anyone care, since neither was ever listed as missing, let alone deceased. Naturally the ladies in question were both disappointed and utterly shocked to discover that they were expected to give their all for the team, in their capacities as the victims.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without going into the gory details, the films followed the general pattern of brutal rape and torture finally topped off by the coup de grace featuring buckets of gore and maimed body parts. The stars were not clued in on their roles in the grand finale until it was too late. Their honest reactions separated these from other lower cost snuff films being made at the time. It should also be noted that the great majority of "snuff" films made in those days were bogus. The making of two features per trip became a tradition since it allowed just one, relatively inexpensive aircraft to carry all the cast and technical folk that would be involved in the films. The first plane was purchased, reconfigured, upgraded and hangered at an airport located outside of a small coastal town peopled by fishermen who were not the curious type.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier's responsibilities were to provide a pool of suitable candidates to star in these snuff film extravaganzas, and make sure that there was no trail that could connect the missing women and the shadowy organization that operated this highly profitable enterprise. With the passage of time his part of the business had grown quickly and now provided nearly thirty percent of the organization's profits. Selecting Celeste for the island was assuming some risk, but that was inherent in this business. On the upside her appearance&nbsp; would add some degree of cachet to the enterprise, since she was once considered a minor celebrity in the television industry.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The monitor was now showing the Executioner moving to the next segment in his extended session. Xavier had already made the decision on Celeste, but had yet to break the news to his client. He decided to allow this very important customer a final round of torment before ending the session. The blonde was almost comatose by now, but still responding after a fashion to the cruel things that were being done to her. The client had assembled a simple but effective means of hanging his victim, and was putting it into practice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The noose he was using was made of a very special type of rope. When soaked in water, its length would increase by nearly five percent when under tension, such as would be supplied by this woman, who weighed a little over one hundred pounds naked. As Xavier watched, he very carefully played out just enough rope to force his victim to balance her entire weight on her toes to avoid strangling. Once this state was achieved, he carefully examined her trembling legs to make sure that they were still capable of keeping her in this very stressful position. Then he did something that separated him from the run of the mill sadists that frequented this charnel house.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He selected a rattan cane from his arsenal of torture instruments and without any warning or preparation began using it to tear into Celeste's belly and upper thighs. The shock of his attack caused her to panic and lose her balance, the noose cutting off her air. The executioner stepped back and watched the uneven struggle taking place. Celeste's face changed color from chalk white to ruddy red and then pale blue as the oxygen necessary for life and brain function was gadually withdrawn by the noose. Just as Xavier was raising his finger to signal the security personnel, who stood ready to rush into the torture chamber and prevent the monster from killing Xavier's property, the Executioner stepped forward and grasped his victim's body to allow some degree of&nbsp; composure to return.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste once more assumed the position, the backs of her legs knotting from the strain of staying on the tips of her toes. Now the maniac grabbed her tits and began twisting them cruelly as she struggled to retain her balance against the wave of pain that shot through her sore dugs. Still not satisfied, the sadist began biting his victim's tits, leaving deep teeth marks, some actually breaking the skin and drawing blood. Xavier had to admit that when it came to unrelenting cruelty the Executioner was in a league of his own. Once more he decided to allow his client some slack before ending his torture of this near vegetable.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now the fiend played a hair dryer over the rope that ended around her neck. He spent perhaps five miutes drying the wet rope and adding to the pressure on his subject's neck. A hollow, choked cough announced that she was no longer in contact with the floor. Her toes were a fraction of an inch from touching, under the circumstances it could have been a mile, it had the same effect. She was just too spent to call upon any hidden reserves;&nbsp; the news anchor had burned them all just surviving to this point.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Again Xavier prepared to press the button to stop this contest between his client and himself. Secretly the overseer was enthralled at the taste this creature had for making people suffer to their limits and a bit beyond. He wondered just how long Celeste might have lasted if she had been fresh from being kidnapped, physically and mentally at her peak of strength. This was not a fair test of her survival capability. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even as he mused, the Executioner's prey was once again on the verge of strangling to death. Her face was ashen, eyes bulging and yet seeing nothing. The first tremor had begun to make her extremities act as if she was suffering from the palsy. When her red tongue began lolling from her mouth, acting as a complement to her bluish lips, the fiend grasped her by the tits and hoisted her body into the air to relieve the strain on her throat. Her chest heaved once and then again as she gulped in the precious air that would keep her alive for even more torment. Once he was certain she was conscious and alert, the sadistic monster carefully left her hanging&nbsp; while he located and placed a small block of wood beneath her feet for support. There was more for her to suffer, of that Xavier was sure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He made some adjustments on the noose and upon removing the block of wood, Celeste was once more balanced on the tips of her toes. Xavier smiled when he saw the cane brought back into play. However it wasn't used on her taut body that was so perfectly vulnerable for its kiss of fire. It was instead brought to bear on the soles of her swollen feet. This was a variation on the bastinado technique used quite frequently in Asia and Africa. Every blow forced the blonde victim to reflexively push her foot off the floor to escape the next blow, thus putting her in jeopardy from asphixiation. Again and again he made her dance in agony, moving herself closer and closer to strangulation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After some twenty strokes with the cane, Celeste had become so disoriented from the pain that she once more hung herself.&nbsp; Xavier realized that this torture could go on for a very long time, but each time he was taking a bigger risk that the blonde would succumb despite his best efforts to prevent it. Unwilling to take any additional risk he pressed the button and watched dispassionately as his security people confronted the silver&nbsp; masked monster. The Executioner did not take too kindly to this interruption and said so to the men. One of them brandished a cattle prod and threatened him with it. That was all that was needed to make the wraith back away and let them retrieve the organization's property. At that point&nbsp; Xavier lost interest in the proceedings and turned to other duties.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a very important decision to be made within the next few weeks. Which two candidates would be selected for a one way trip to the island? If Celeste showed signs of some degree of recovery, she was a likely candidate, having been spared some of the physical damage that the two others had accumulated in their stay at this halfway house to hell. None of the trio had any idea of the existence of the others. That was one of the cardinal rules of this facility. The two "lucky" winners of this one-way trip would not meet even when they were on the island, although there had been some suggestions from the script writers that one might make a cameo appearance in the other's film. This was considered too risky since it might cause a less than ideal response from the one doing the cameo when it came for her performance in the film in which she was the "star".



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Candidate A had been here the longest by six weeks and she showed it both physically as well as mentally. However she had not had the "pleasure" of working with the Executioner, who was considered by far to be the most challenging client&nbsp; Xavier had. She had been through the mill, despite avoiding making his acquaintance. What finally had convinced her handlers that she was ready to move on to bigger and better roles in the organization was her most recent session with the Electrician.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This fiend used electricity to torture his victims, and even had his own custom made electric chair that made the one used to torture Celeste appear to be a toy. Over the years he had developed a map of the female body that included recommended voltages and currents that could be used between any two positions. He had developed a lethality coefficient that utilized the victim's weight, age, blood pressure and other physical measurements, which was over ninety-five percent accurate. In his three years of visiting the organization's "holding tank", he had lost only one subject and even she might have survived except for collateral problems that arose while the victim was absorbing electrons, which was his way of describing the torture he inflicted on these hapless female victims.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The final session wth him was the one that determined her suitability for the island. He was amusing himself by using electricity to distort the muscles controlling her face, freezing it into grotesque expressions that also caused excruciating pain. To enhance his enjoyment of her suffering he had semi-paralyzed her vocal cords before starting on her face, which resulted in shreeches and squawks that didn't sound human. He became so engrossed in his work that he miscalculated and accidently sent a powerful surge of electricity through her brain. He had inadvertently created a circuitous path to that region due to the effective elimination of what should have been a blocking region located at an interface between her face and cranium. It was not until the end of the session that he realized his mistake. By then it was too late to rectify the situation, his subject's intelligence had been permanently and substantially degraded.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Candidate B had only been here for a few weeks and had caused Xavier serious trouble on two occasions. She was black, beautiful, built like a pervert's wet dream and had the sassiest mouth, hands down, of any occupant of Xavier's halfway house, now or in the dark past. Her ability to take punishment was nearly off-scale. She seemed to look upon it as a challenge to be beaten senseless, revived and beaten senseless again, only to ask her client if that was the best he had to offer. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She strictly worked the rough trade, those persons who lacked the self-training and sophistication of an Executioner, Electrician or Periodontist. To make matters worse, candidate B had been a professional prostitute before joining Xavier's organization. The reason for her being here was that she could not stop insulting her customers about their lack of ability to properly satisfy her with their undersized cocks, or their lack of techique. Even though she was drop-dead gorgeous and awesomely constructed, her mouth drove the customers away except for the few wimps that came to her for the mental beatdown she provided. She had missed her calling which was that of a dominatrix, but that's life or in this case, near death. The net result was her pimp sold her to Xavier for a rather low price, and he understood what he was getting.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Despite her physical prowess, the steady diet of fists, rubber hoses, water sports including forced ingestion of gallons of dishwater, golden showers and the like, lit cigarettes, straps, broomhandles, whips, and canes had an debilitating effect on her attitude and ability to entertain clients. She had been gangbanged for as long as thirty hours straight, kept at fever pitch by drugs. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her anus had recently suffered a partial tear from having a baseball bat shoved into it by an outraged customer who had taken too much of her continuous barrage of insults despite what he did to her, beating her so badly that her head was lopsided and one of his hands suffered multiple fractures even though he wore thick leather gloves. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only issue that kept her from becoming an automatic selection was her race. Even in this horror trade there were customs and prejudices that had to be factored into any decision such as the one with which Xavier was currently wrestling. It was a close call, but at long last Xavier consigned Candidate B and Celeste for the one-way trip to the island and a brief fling with fame of a sort.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite ) 









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Celeste's Pacific Downfall - Chapter 16



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Never one to miss an opportunity to increase the money coming into his part of the organization, Xavier decided to make one last score using his recalcitrant employee. He passed the word that the gorgeous, dark-skinned, foul-mouthed resident of his establishment was about to move on to a more significant role in the organization. To express his appreciation for her hard work and efforts on his behalf, he was offering a special rate as a sort of a going-away present to those clients who had used her in the past. To make it even more enticing she would be silenced by means of very painful injections that would numb her vocal cords, tongue and the ability to use her jaw muscles. However she would be otherwise conscious and able to perform any of her normal services such as blowjobs and the like. As he expected, the demand for this special rate was quite impressive, probably because of her forced silence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fourteen clients turned out to say farewell to the black bitch, as she was known. Xavier had set up quite a production featuring her in more than one role. Naturally she would be the star attraction in a no-holds barred gangbang that would last until every client had his fill of her pussy, asshole and nasty mouth that had infuriated each and every one of them. To make this portion of the entertainment easier on the clients, two fluffers would be in attendance and the star would be properly restrained thanks to a pair of handcuffs that kept her hands behind her back during the entire gangbang. Two guards would also be in attendance to assure that the "property" would not be damaged to the point that she would be unable to "perform" on the flight to the island.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second portion was the big surprise, a pleasant one for the clients, but most unwelcome for the star attraction. She would be taking on a pack of junkyard dogs,&nbsp; some quite literally. There were pit bulls, rottweilers, an akita, a malamute, a Russian wolfhound and a mastiff, not to mention the half breeds, none weighing less than fifty pounds, and all with dispositions that made her look like a singer in a church choir. This would not be the first time this group of animals had performed here in the dog run that had been constructed specifically for them. There were many tales told about victims that failed to survive the canine gangbangs that had occurred here previously.&nbsp; Xavier was a bit apprehensive about this part of the event, but was determined to go ahead with it and devil takes the hindmost. If the dogs hadn't torn her up too much, the clients would then get another chance to degrade her in a farewell gangbang that offered them the option of fisting and using dildos to warp her insides one last time before her departure for bigger and better things. Naturally those now recharged sufficiently to do the black bitch again were welcome to take a run at her once more, or as many times as they could get it up for her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To add another twist to the farewell "party" for the black woman he decided to use Celeste as one of the fluffers for both gangbangs. Like her companion, she was still under the impression that it was business as usual, if anything in his house of horrors could be judged by that word. More than one of the guests couldn't help but comment about the tattoo now covering a good portion of her upper body, but she remained mute concerning the origin. One man in particular made an issue about her reluctance to say anything about it, and began to threaten her. For his troubles he got a dose of the cattle prod carried by one of the guards, and a warning that he would be asked to leave if he continued to harass Celeste. He grumbled, but got in line to have the other fluffer get him hard for the star attraction.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All hell broke loose upon the arrival of the black bitch, her hands cuffed behind her back, head encased in a leather hood. Despite her battered condition, Celeste was most impressed by the body that this black woman was displaying. She was stark naked so her firm tits could be seen hardly moving when she walked or stumbled from one group of men to another. Her pubic mound had been shaved smooth, calling attention to the fat cunt lips that guarded the entrance to her cunt. Despite the guards, the gang of men attacked their helpless victim, tearing, scratching and pinching any portion of her bare body that they could reach. One of them kneed her in the belly, doubling her over so that others could rain blows down on her neck and shoulders as she tried to keep her feet. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The moment she collapsed to the floor they were on her like a pack of starving wolves, kicking, screaming and cursing as they stomped her tits and cunt, forcing her to roll over and reveal fresh flesh for them to assault. The guards chose this moment to enter the fray and restore order. It took a few minutes and a number of electric shocks to cow the pack of infuriated males. The black bitch had not sustained anything severe from the mindless attack she had endured. Satisfied that she was well enough to face her assailants, one of the guards unzipped the hood and took it with him as he walked to the side of the room and let the mob start the gangbang.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were numerous struggles to get at their guest of honor, who looked bored by the entire experience. A few of the smarter ones retreated to the pile of clothing they had deposited in one corner of the room and retrieved their belts. The guards grinned at each other and watched the fun and games begin seriously. Three of them cornered the black woman and began using their belts on her. They beat her to the floor and one of them got his belt looped around her neck. He started choking her while the other two punched her tits and belly. It didn't take long for her to realize the smartest thing to do was spread her legs and hope for the best. Soon one was in her cunt and another was forcing his dick down her throat. The rest of the gang took a page from their book and soon almost everyone had a belt in his hand.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste was too busy sucking cock to see what was happening to her fellow sufferer. All she heard was the sounds of belts, some studded, striking bare flesh plus muttering and cursing from the men raping their victim. It was sight from hell. The black woman was lying on one of the men who had his cock buried in her cunt and his belt wrapped around her neck. She was gasping for air while at the same time two others were using their belts on her big bouncy tits. The others waiting their turn were urging the one fucking her to get done so they could have a chance at her as well. His answer was to increase the speed of his thrusts and at the same time put even more stress on her throat with his strap. It was eerie the way she tried to scream, and yet no sound came forth. As soon as the rapist was finished pumping his seed deep inside her cunt, he was replaced by a pair who repositioned her on her knees so they could double penetrate her. She was kept balanced by a third member of the gang who sat before her, his hands grabbing her hair and guiding her open mouth onto his hard length of thick cock. Her throat made strange, squeaking noises as it was ravaged by the thick club of flesh burrowing deeper and deeper with every thrust.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a while the mob of rapists began to display some order. There were those only interested in skewering her holes, no matter which was available. There was another element that cared more about dealing her as much pain as she could tolerate and the guards would allow them to get away with. Then there was a trio dedicated to ruining whatever beauty she still possessed. The guards recognized them quickly; they all used the buckle end of their belts to wreck havoc with her appearance. They managed to take a few chunks out of her rump and nearly rip one of her nipples from its mooring. The trio's leader was caught in mid-stroke as he prepared to tear her pussy mouth to shreds with his doubled up strap with its filed belt buckle that he had ground down before arriving at the meeting place. Both guards used their prods on him at the same time and nearly did him in. His body stiffened and then flopped like a fish that had been pulled from the water. His reactions were so extreme that even those raping the black woman took pause to witness his odd behavior. Not satisfied they gave him a second dose to the testicles which created such a reaction that even the poor thing being gangbanged stared in awe at how his body convulsed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unfortunately she was also absorbing a variety of sneak punches to her genitals and tits while the guards were being occupied by the trio of sadists. One man could not resist and he flattened her left ear with a vicious blow that nearly broke her neck. Her inability to make much noise allowed him to get away with this cheap shot until those operating the monitor sent the message down to the guards to get rid of him with extreme prejudice. Like the trio before him he took enough electricity to light up a small city before they dragged his comatose form out of the room. By the time the group moved to the dog run, the four outcasts were in their cars and many miles away from the innocuous structure located well outside the city. Prior to leaving they had been warned not to show their faces for one month or suffer the consequences. None dared ask what that meant; they had heard too much already about Xavier and his associates to dare breath a word of this place to anyone.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The black bitch took a terrific pounding from the remaining members of the gangbang. They finally got into some kind of rhythm ad began to wear her down. It helped to have one cock always stationed to plug her throat thus cutting off her air. This process weakened her substantially and the look on her face as they stretched her asshole to its limit brought knowing grins to the faces of those battering away at that tender tunnel. Celeste herself began to imagine it was she buried in cocks that slowly but surely turned her insides to jelly and then set the viscous material aflame, adding to the agony she created in her own mind. The black woman was brutalized every chance they were given. The guards would position themselves such that they deliberately missed the little jabs to her ribcage that threatened to suffocate her with every painful gasp she took. They ignored the furious slapping and twisting those superb mounds were taking. They even chastised rather than punished the more aggressive ones that bit her tits to the point that they drew flecks of blood. Little did the mob know that everything had been discussed and decided at a meeting prior to the scene that was unfolding.&nbsp; Xavier talked and the guards listened carefully to every word they heard, repeating something if they had any misgivings about what they thought they heard.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At long last the mob had taken its revenge on her. The dark-skinned babe with the great figure had been reduced to a mound of quivering flesh and a blank stare from her wide-open, but unseeing eyes. It was time to end this phase of the entertainment and escort the "cold meat" to the next portion that awaited her. The guards could barely contain their glee at how she would react when confronted with the dog run and the pack of vicious, slavering animals that strained to get at her once she had been suitably mounted and seasoned for their pleasure and her degradation. She could barely stand, let alone walk, and so they half dragged, half carried her into the arena where the remaining group of perverts sat, staring and talking among themselves as they figured out what was about to occur in this small area. The arrival of Xavier in the company of a man dressed in leathers silenced everyone. He smiled and nodded to the guards, then spoke to the group for a few brief moments to welcome them to the next phase of the entertainment he had planned for this day. The mob leaned forward in anticipation and waited for the action to unfold.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The victim put up a struggle, but most of the fight had already been taken from her previously. Under the direction of the dog handler they wrestled the black woman into the wooden fixture that held her body in a position that enabled the dogs to attack from both front and back. Her head poked through a hole in the vertical frame, while her hindquarters were displayed and held in place by stocks that captured her ankles and forced her into a kneeling position. The handcuffs assured that she would not be able to fend off the animals as they attacked her fore and aft. Just before the first pair of dogs were released from the holding areas on both sides of the run, he placed a thick woolen blanket over her back to allow the dogs to get a better purchase when they mounted her from the rear and act as some protection against serious wounds caused by their paws which were never clipped. Then to finish the preparation he rubbed her bottom, cunt and face using a rag seasoned with the scent of a bitch in heat. The audience leaned forward and waited for the first pair to take their bitch.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier had volunteered two additional guards to operate the chutes that released the dogs. Two pit bulls hurtled from behind the walls and headed straight for their bitch that was positioned so that she could not see what was about to happen. The first animal came to a halt for a brief moment before mounting the woman's hindquarters and dropping his sheath to release his red, chiseled cock. It took a few tentative thrusts before it penetrated her shaved cunt mouth. The other pit bull had a more difficult time since she was able to move her head slightly, thwarting his first few attempts at face fucking her. By now the first attacker had developed a rhythm and was working away on his bitch with a speed that was breathtaking. That red chisel seemed like a blur as it moved in and out of his bitch's cunt. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other animal became frustrated and did what an animal normally would do; he bit her face, close to the eye. The woman's mouth opened wide but was unable to scream. The dog settled matters by filling that open hole with his hard dick. Now there were two blurs pounding away at the helpless victim, unable to defend herself and so terrified that she lost control of her bladder and began to piss uncontrollably. The gangbang members roared with laughter and pointed to the stream of piss that issued from the black bitch's pussy. The dogs ignored the noise and took care of business.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first pair flooded her mouth and cunt with hot dog cum, pulled out and looked for a place to curl up so they could lick their dicks clean and take a nap. They were quickly replaced by a rottweiler and a mixed breed that took over and busied themselves filling her mouth and cunt with another offering. This time the mixed breed nearly got his cock captured in her throat, which might have been a serious matter for the black woman. The rottweiler was more fortunate and escaped cleanly despite the knot that formed in his thick chiseled cock. Before the next pair was released, the handler made an adjustment that excited the audience. He jammed a rubber bung into the woman's cunt and seasoned her unblinking asshole. The group roared their approval when the chutes were opened and two large dogs entered the arena, a good-sized Akita that was dwarfed by the mastiff that came from the other chute.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As luck would have it, the smaller dog mounted her hindquarters and began searching for the entry into her body. The black woman went crazy at the prospect of being sodomized by the dog, but when she got a good look at the mastiff, her eyes bulged and she shook with terror. The men screamed at the dogs to get started and rip the bitch in two. Xavier became quite concerned for his property, fearing that she might be so badly torn up as to be unable to play a convincing role in the snuff film to be shot on the island. Just at that moment the mastiff's cock found its target and at least four inches went down the helpless woman's throat, effectively gagging her. Seconds later the Akita made contact and buried half its red dripping cock into the black bitch's asshole. She struggled as best she could, but was unable to free either end from the occupiers. The unequal battle continued as the mastiff got even more of its big cock down her throat, completely sealing off her lungs from getting any air. The Akita's cock was a reddish blur as it plowed deeper and deeper into her tight tunnel. Some in the audience were turned off since they had no way of gauging her pain and terror. The only sounds they heard were the growling of the dogs as they did their victim as only two sex-crazed animals could.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost at the same time both dogs shot their loads, and as luck would have it, both were trapped by their knots that formed before they could pull free of the bitch. It took some moments before the handler realized that he had a very serious situation in the offing. The mastiff's cock was wedged deep in the woman's throat, and it was obvious from the wide-eyed look on her face that she also knew that her time on this earth was measured in minutes unless someone extricated the mastiff's swollen cock from her throat to allow her to get some air. It was Xavier who made the decision and had it implemented immediately by the guards. They hit the struggling dog with both cattle prods set at maximum. It froze for a moment and then continued to try to mindlessly attempt to separate from the woman's death grip on its cock. A second set of shocks was delivered to the animal, but still it would not or could not separate. At another nod from Xavier, one of them drew his pistol and shot the animal in the head, blowing its brains all over the place including the graying face of the black woman. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was stunned silence at this action that soon was broken by the cursing and yelling of the dog handler, who pointed at Xavier with a look of menace on his angry face. The brown-skinned manager of the establishment placed his hands out, palms up, a sign of resignation. The gesture seemed to mollify the dog handler and his demeanor became more reasonable. Xavier motioned for him to come closer so he could hear what the mulatto had to say. Whatever it was seemed to satisfy the man and he turned his attention to freeing the Akita from the sobbing woman's asshole. The audience remained silent, many of them threatened in a sense by what they had just witnessed. Xavier was not a man to cross under any conditions that was apparent. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The big man had one more card up his sleeve and he played it. He called over one of the guards and whispered something into his ear. The guard approached the dog handler, gave him the cattle prod and said something. The handler looked over at Xavier who gestured to him. He turned and zapped the dog's balls. It howled, but remained stuck fast. Another touch to his balls and the Akita's red, dripping cock appeared. The handler directed the dog to the holding area and then looked over to Xavier for further instructions. He smiled mirthlessly and ordered the next two dogs to take a run at the black woman who was just beginning to gain her breath and composure. This was a most unpleasant surprise and it caught her off guard. This time it was a malamute, an escapee from a dog sled team that had no equal when it came to viciousness, and a wolfhound nearly as big as the mastiff but not as well-muscled. The audience roared its approval and sat back to watch the slaughter, unaware that the victim was ticketed for a one-way trip to the mysterious island where certain employees of Xavier met their fate and were never heard from again.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was the wolfhound that took possession of the black woman's ass, driving his hard length of dog dick deep into her loosening anus. The victim was too weakened by the previous assaults to put up any type of resistance. The sled dog mounted her face and began slamming his red, chisel-shaped cock into her mouth. By now the woman understood only too well what would happen if that animal's cock plugged her throat and formed a knot. She frantically moved her head as much as possible and used her tongue to block the way to her throat. She even made the entry to her mouth tighter by pursing her lips and backing that obstacle further with her flattened tongue. The additional friction she created made the animal's ejaculation occur quickly and long before it could batter down her meager defenses. Such was not the case with the one doing her asshole.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dog's height allowed his dripping crimson rod to make inroads to her asshole that was much greater than all but the previous animal. The speed of its cock was a bit slower than the previous users of her asshole. For some reason, the malamute had not had enough of his bitch. He made an attempt to take over for the wolfhound but got more much more resistance than expected. The wolfhound came off the black woman's back and engaged the sled dog in a furious attack that allowed the larger animal to get a good grip on the other dog's shoulder and bring it to earth. The handler blanched, the prospect of losing another of his trained dogs flashed through his mind as he witnessed the now unequal struggle. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was the quick action of Xavier that saved the day and his malamute. One guard hit the wolfhound's nuts with the cattle prod at full power while the other fired a series of shots close to the ear of the animal, startling it sufficiently to release the badly mauled rival that was quickly dragged away by the handler. For its reward they allowed it to remount its victim, once it had recuperated from the electric shock to its balls, and complete the process of sodomizing her. A gesture from Xavier signaled that the entertainment was over for the mob. What remained in store for Celeste and the black woman remained to be seen.







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Celeste's Pacific Downfall - Chapter 17





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste started working double shifts immediately after the black girl's session with the dogs. She hardly noticed the difference. The customers were still nameless, faceless with cocks ranging from small to gigantic and hands that were always trying to tear, twist and pinch any portion of her body they could access.&nbsp; Her tits and pussy took the brunt of their attacks, but occasionally a fist would find its way up her sore twat and in a few cases reach her uterus and pound it until she vomited. That always meant more pain, as the angry customer would push her face into the mess she made and even try to smash her head against the floor. That always got the attention of the guards who would use their cattle prods, and then drag the limp customer into the quiet room where they would make certain that he never tried again to damage Xavier's property without permission.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her last session with the Executioner had left Celeste severely damaged both physically as well as mentally. The monster had taken her to the edge and brought her back time after time. Had Xavier not intervened, she would probably be dead and buried or whatever they did with the remains of their inmates. Her perspective was now reduced to that day and no further. She never knew what to expect, but realized it was always something terrible and dangerous to her mind and body. Strange as it might sound, she no longer feared anything since she had no future. It was totally out of her hand. For that reason she didn't get excited when Xavier announced to her that she was going to take a long trip on company business starting on the following day. Since she owned nothing and rarely wore anything, she was not concerned about such mundane issues as what to take for the trip. They would provide whatever she needed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First and foremost Xavier was a businessman and so he had a few special customers lined up for Celeste's farewell. The trip to the island would be lengthy, better than ten hours. Most of that time Celeste would be in a packing crate, dressed in a flight suit for the occasion, restrained and attached to an oxygen bottle since the flight would be at altitudes up to thirty-five thousand feet. It was amusing that she would be totally covered during most of the flight after months of nudity. She would not have access to the rest rooms except for when she provided in-flight entertainment to the twenty customers who had spent fifty thousand dollars each for the privilege of watching Celeste and her companion, the sassy black girl, leave this mortal coil to paraphrase Xavier's favorite playwright.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To assure that there would be no messy surprises the two "entertainers" were given a number of large enemas. To make it more interesting and profitable Xavier offered a unique opportunity to a number of his more wealthy and jaded customers. Celeste discovered this unpleasant surprise the next morning. Her hands were cuffed behind her back and she was given an enema so huge that she could not see her feet due to her swollen belly. Then a bung was forced into her asshole and pumped up so it could not be dislodged by the enema that was gurgling and roiling in her intestines. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now a man entered, naked and with a hard-on. Celeste groaned inwardly at the sight, knowing full well what was to follow. He did not disappoint her. She made a feeble attempt to elude him that just made him angry. He tackled the blonde and the two of them tumbled to the floor, with him on top. The pressure of his weight on her bloated belly sent a bolt of pain through her lower intestine and she retched up some bile and saliva. For her impertinence she received a backhand across the face that brought tears to her eyes.&nbsp; That ended her resistance and she waited for him to make the next move.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He rolled over onto her body and straddled her at the crotch, his hand guiding his cock into her. With her full belly, his thrust into her cunt was most painful. To make matters worse he wrapped his hands around her throat and began squeezing as his cock moved and out of her tight twat. He picked up the pace and Celeste had difficulty drawing breath between her full stomach and being choked. For some reason, perhaps her lack of response to his thrusting, he grew angry and began slapping her across the face, each blow rocking her head for one side to the other. Celeste groaned and sobbed, not knowing what to do to appease him. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He solved her problem by pulling out and moving up so he was sitting on her protruding belly. From there he could and did tit fuck her until his prick was rock hard once more. He leaned forward and began thrusting against her pursed lips. Celeste had the presence of mind to open her mouth and welcome the invader. Soon he was pressing against the back of her throat trying to wedge his dick into her gullet and cut off her air completely. Now his hands had her ears and began twisting and yanking them viciously, almost as if he was trying to tear them from her head. Tears rolled down the blonde newscaster's cheeks and seemed to incite him to further brutality. He moved his body forward a few more inches and now drive his cock down her throat. He could see its outline just below the skin and watch it move a few inches in either direction. His victim's face was now almost crimson as the oxygen reserves within her body were depleted.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next few minutes he tortured his victim with his hard cock; first cutting off her air and watching her face turn colors before saving her life. He must have cycled her three or four times, the last one leaving her face with a pale bluish tinge as her lips turned purple. Those monitoring this session were getting concerned. The supervisor instructed his men to head downstairs and wait for his order. By the time they reached the door to where Celeste was being tortured, his order to enter and save the organization's property was given. They burst into the room and stopped the man as he leaned forward and plugged his prey's gullet for the last time. He was no fool and backed off immediately, his hands outstretched as he capitulated. Another order came down from on high, allowing the customer to fuck his partner provided he made no effort to further harm the organization's property. He quickly nodded his agreement and the guards left him to have his fun.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste had gotten some time to regain what was left of her composure. Unfortunately it reminded her of the large enema roiling her intestines. The waves came in bunches making her shake like a leaf in a windstorm. He rapist also noticed this reaction and took advantage of it. He started to pound her with some serious muscle behind each thrust, making her body quiver and shake as each blow slammed deep into her twat and kept the enema frothing. The pain was getting to be unbearable and Celeste had no recourse but to grit her teeth and hope the rapist would empty his load into her quickly. She even tried to match her movements to his in hopes that the extra friction would do the trick. He out smarted her, slowing down and grinning at her paltry efforts to speed up things.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He started to maul her tits, but didn't open any wounds that bled, just created pain and frustration. He slapped her bulging belly and she almost vomited, but managed somehow to restrain that desire. He pinched her sides and ran his knuckles along her ribs, adding to her suffering. He changed his position, kneeling between her spread thighs and jolting her with one hard thrust and then another. Celeste lost her mind and began begging for relief promising him anything if he'd only finish her off so the enema could be released. He spit in her face. Now he moved closer so he could put maximum power behind every thrust of his stiff cock. That finally did it after nearly ten minutes straight of nothing one vicious hammer-like blow after another to her sore, tired cunt. He put the cherry on the sundae by shooting his huge load of cum into Celeste's eyes and rubbing it all over her pasty face. He didn't hear it, but he got a round of applause from the monitoring group.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without any comment or care for his wasted prey, the man kicked her in the belly and feigned giving her a knee drop that probably would have ruptured something inside leading to her agonizing death. Satisfied he turned and left the room. Less than thirty seconds later two others dragged the blonde newscaster out so she could void the huge enema that had been making her insides feel as if they were twisting into knots. As soon as that was accomplished, the nozzle was jammed back into her sore asshole so another gut-busting enema could be administered. Celeste was too far-gone to react violently. They watched dispassionately as her girth increased, calling attention to the rest of her emaciated body. This time they went a little longer since her insides had been well exercised previously, which to them indicated her ability to take more of this enema. The blonde was in agony by the time the bung was slammed into her rectum and pumped up to keep the enema from being accidentally voided. She was dragged by her long blonde locks back into the big room where another naked man awaited, annoyed that she hadn't been made available to him immediately. He would make Celeste suffer greatly for this insult.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her customer was pale and quite thin with long arms. At first glance he certainly didn't look threatening, which was a terrible mistake in judgment. Word had gotten around about him among the monitors who had seen him in action. His nickname was "little poison", and he lived up to that title. He was on her like a jungle cat, grabbing her hair for a purchase and pounding her head against the floor a number of times while he screamed curses down at her. Celeste was jolted out of her stupor by this attack and realized quickly that he was quite capable of killing her. She tried to roll away from him, but he was too quick for her. For her trouble she received two vicious kicks to the ribcage that would be a constant reminder of him every time she took a deep breath. He stomped on her knee to further immobilize his prey. The blonde's attention was diverted by this maneuver and she never saw the foot that was buried between her legs and mashed her pussy lips flat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He pirouetted like a dancer and then attacked again, this time kicking her in the belly. Celeste brought up some bile and her face turned an ashy color. She was totally at his mercy and he took full advantage of the situation. Once more his foot found her crotch, lifting her body halfway off the floor. He dropped down onto her bulging belly and dry humped her for a time, his thin average length cock beginning to harden. Celeste didn't expect to be bitten, so he took her completely by surprise, his teeth clamping down on one of her tits and worrying it like a dog with its prey. His victim screeched in terror at his assault. When he released her tit it was bleeding from a few places where his teeth had punctured the skin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Celeste went into shock, leaving herself wide open for whatever he wanted to do next. It was not long in coming. He landed a few well-placed kicks to her ribs that had her wheezing like an old woman. He stomped the inside of her thigh, leaving a bruise as a memento of his time with her. She was so dazed that her responses were literally seconds behind what he had done. Now seated on her chest, his small hands began to torment her tits, twisting and yanking those milk bottles while tears rolled down her cheeks and her lips trembled. She was so afraid of this man that she pissed uncontrollably, getting some of her urine on his person. Those monitoring this session looked at each other and grinned, knowing full well that something terrible was about to happen to the stupid, blonde cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He bounced off his victim and got to his feet. To those monitoring the slaughter it looked like wrestling. First he pulled Celeste's legs apart and walked a few paces from her. Suddenly he turned and ran at her to deliver a brutal kick directly to her cunt. It made a sickening, wet gushy sound from his prey who began frothing at the mouth. Then he moved away and stood with his hands on his hips to survey the damage. He took a deep breath and attacked once more, this time dropping knees first onto her bloated belly. The blonde victim's face started to turn a ghastly shade of blue as she struggled to breathe and failed. He landed kicks to her tits, moving from one side of her body to the other. The monitoring crew was on the verge of intervening, but delayed long enough to see what he would do next.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The victim somehow regained her breath only to receive another kick to the rib cage. He rolled his wheezing prey onto her side and landed a strange looking kick to the base of her spine, rising into the air and using the heel of his foot to deliver the blow. Then he rolled her onto her bulging belly bringing hoarse cries of pain from her bluish lips. Some of the monitors looked away as he prepared to once more perform a knee drop on her back; this time halfway up her spine. Why that didn't paralyze her for life was a miracle, but he was not deterred. The tip of one of her tits protruded from the shelter of her prone body and became his next target. He quickly took advantage of the situation to drive his heel down to smash the nipple. A few of the monitors clapped their hands in praise of this difficult move.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few more kicks to Celeste's side made her roll over onto her back, her thighs spread wide as if surrendering. He took full advantage of the situation, kicking her squarely in the cunt once, then twice, and finally a third time that lifted half of Celeste's body off the floor. With each brutal kick he delivered to his helpless prey, his flaccid cock began to respond. It was amazing how fast his prick grew and hardened. He quickly mounted her chest and fed his cock into the blonde's mouth. She offered no resistance; whether or not she was even conscious at this point was moot. He leaned forward and drove the entire length down her throat, meeting no resistance. That seemed to frustrate him and he repeated the act with the same result. He grabbed her hair and started pounding her head against the floor as he screamed and frothed at the mouth. It was then that the guards entered and pulled him off the senseless blonde.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier was summoned from an off site meeting to finalize the arrangements for the imminent million-dollar trip. When he surveyed the damage that had been done to Celeste and coupled that with the less than optimal condition of his other snuff candidate, he bowed to the fates and postponed the flight for two weeks, long enough for both candidates to recover or be replaced. He had a third candidate in the wings, a young Chinese girl only sixteen, the daughter of a former high ranking official on the mainland who was now in a rehabilitation camp along with his wife. It would be a risky choice, but her youth and beauty would certainly enhance his next planned snuff film.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He then turned his attention to the matter of the out of control client who had nearly killed the blonde newscaster. That one had to become an example of what would happen to anyone who overstepped the bounds that had been established by Xavier for his element of the organization. He turned the planning for this one over to his second in command, a former member of the KGB. Having taken care of business he decided to look in on his latest employee to see just how well she was coping with her new life.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite)&nbsp;&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Celeste's Pacific Downfall - Chapter 18





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lin Sheng had managed to annoy another customer with her attitude and was paying the price. She was taking the waters, the name for having her stomach bloated to the point that her lungs were squeezed flat thus depriving her of air. Those administering this treatment were experts, having done this often to a wide variety of troublemakers. Normally one session was usually enough to pacify them sufficiently that they could continue to live and keep Xavier's clientele satisfied. Lin was quite stubborn, but she'd never faced anything like this. As the manager watched, the teenager took a brutal blow to her abdomen making her vomit up the water that had been filling her belly. She struggled fruitlessly, only draining her strength and lapsing into panic. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier smiled and decided to see how the troublemaker dealt with this situation. Her immaturity showed and the result was not unexpected, she began choking to death, unable to calm down sufficiently to deal with the water exiting her stomach and her inability to breath. Her handlers watched carefully as her face lost color and her lips began to turn blue. Then she took a second blow to the diaphragm to force her lungs to begin working automatically. It only took a few minutes until she was awake and aware of her situation. The group's leader asked if she had learned her lesson and was cursed. He smiled and nodded to his assistants. They closed around the naked teenager and once more forced the tube down her throat and into her stomach. It was going to be a very long day for the girl. There would be no more asking until she was unconscious, cold and gray-faced.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two weeks later the manager of the facility decided that Celeste and the black girl were both ready for the long flight and what would occur during it. By then Lin Sheng had learned to be less fractious, just enough to make her worth staying with Xavier until the next million dollar flight. She would in all likelihood meet the Periodontist during her stay, but not the other monsters. Neither victim was aware of the other, per Xavier's instructions. They were placed in separate packing crates, hands and feet cuffed, mouths stuffed with ball gags and hooked up to their own oxygen supply. The empty space in the crates was filled with a material that kept their unclothed bodies relatively warm. Prior to being placed into the crates, they had taken multiple enemas and had catheters installed to guarantee they would not soil themselves during the lengthy flight. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The plan called for each to be unpacked sometime during the flight and moved up to the passenger cabin to serve as live entertainment. The passengers had been warned there would be no comments implying there were two of them on this flight. Anyone who did would be prevented from disembarking the flight when it landed and kept there until its return, thus depriving them of the very reason they paid fifty thousand dollars. As it turned out the change in flight dates caused a number of clients to cancel. They were easily replaced from the lengthy waiting list that never seemed to shorten regardless of the financial environment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier personally welcomed each member of the million-dollar flight as they came on board. These fifty people represented numerous nations. Some came by their wealth from old money passed down from generation to generation. Others were captains of industry, some on the shady side of things, but nevertheless dripping with money, and there was more than one member of the entertainment industry represented. Finally there were the shadowy people that actually controlled various small nations that all had one thing in common, vast stores of raw materials, including oil that kept the wheels of industry turning. Finally there were those who were here strictly because of who owned them; in most cases they were female, many quite beautiful, but some so plain of face and form to make one curious as to their talents. A small group within this group was known to their peers and Xavier as the frequent fliers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had taken many years for the development of a process for assembling such a body of people in one spot without any one knowing where they were. It required a fleet of limousines and buses equipped with electronic jamming capabilities to pull off this quasi miracle. Twenty-five limos began the pickups from various locations. These in turn became eight than changed into four special buses that took the fifty passengers to the embarkment location. Thus only four trusted drivers were required to deliver them, significantly eliminating a breach in security. Xavier and his second in command would rendezvous with the passengers, their vehicle also carrying the crates containing the two stars for this snuff movie. This was one of Xavier's triumphs and had marked him as a candidate for bigger and better things. Still there was much about the organization that was still kept from him as befitted his present position.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This flight also carried a number of dogs and a troop of chimps that had been trained to have sex with humans. Their roles ranged from secondary in the case of the dogs to primary for the chimps. Xavier and his assistant were the only two outside of the team making the films that knew the plots for each film. It took less than forty minutes for the passengers to come aboard and settle in their seats while the crates, animals plus special equipment required for the shoot were loaded into the belly of the aircraft. The entire flight crew came from another arm of the organization and most had been flying the million-dollar flight since its inception. That is not to say that the cabin crew was anything but top notch when it came to looks, knowledge and ability. Soon the aircraft was in the air and climbing to their planned altitude. It helped the situation to have a member of the organization working the tower for their departure from this private airstrip.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Xavier mingled with his clients, renewing some acquaintances and making new contacts with those who were on their maiden flight. As with most flights this one was evenly divided between the sexes, but two pairs were composed of a lesbian couple and two men with heavy foreign accents who claimed to represent the government of a Middle East emirate. Naturally Xavier was well versed in the background of these two gentlemen, who headed the emir's secret police. They were here to learn and form a working alliance with the organization if what they saw on the island suited their purposes. They were going to be treated like visiting royalty since Xavier had been given detailed instructions that their every wish, within reason, should be honored.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before the live entertainment was brought up from the cargo hold, a highlight film of past snuff films was shown to whet the audience's appetite for more. It lasted well over two hours and depicted the departures of ten former snuff stars. There were two who extracted the most reaction from the audience over the years, not for their looks that were average, but the fact they bore a tremendous resemblance to each other. That was no accident, for they were a mother and her daughter prostitute team that had made a very good living over the years for this reason. Xavier's predecessor had the great good fortune to acquire them from a contact he made with a lower level member of the local police force. It was a classic win-win arrangement for all except the prostitutes. These were the days before the advent of such clients as the Executioner and his ilk. Thus they spent the better part of two years with the organization before taking the million-dollar flight and becoming legends of a sort.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two naked prostitutes were staked out in the sun for the better part of the day with honey smeared on their private parts and what was left of their tits that had being previously whipped with twisted wire cables that did a half decent job of flaying those hangers. The microphones located discretely out of sight picked up every gasp and moan as the merciless sun beat down on their bare bodies that were covered with sweat for a time. To make it more interesting, towards the end of the day their mouths were filled with honey and propped open. An army of ants soon marched into this new source of food as the two whores writhed in agony, but still lived. The noises that this torment generated were not human. Promptly at dusk gasoline was poured onto the human food suppliers and set afire. They burned for quite some time, but it is doubtful they were alive for more than a few minutes at best. Surprisingly there was very little noise emanating from them by then.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From there the film segued to a buxom blonde being nailed to a cross as she gibbered and screamed. Almost every square inch of her naked body was covered with whip marks burns and cuts. A wooden replica of a monster-sized cock was buried in her cunt that was bleeding profusely. Before raising the cross her fingernails were yanked out and slivers of wood smeared with pitch were driven under her toenails. The sounds that produced from her were eerie, almost animalistic. Once the cross was in place they let her dangle from the spikes that had been driven through her wrists, the palms of her hands and the tops of her feet. Her screams were strong and loud at first, but quickly turned into long drawn out moans and an occasional high-pitched scream when something burst inside her body. The film went blank for perhaps fifteen seconds, drawing an angry response from the passengers, then showed her from a distance; head down and body slumped against the nails that held her to the wooden fixture. The next frame showed the men setting fire to her pitch covered toes as she screamed until her voice cracked. The final part of this clip showed a spear being driven repeatedly into her side without any response from the victim. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next showed an overweight brunette getting a steaming enema at the same time as her belly was being filled with water. When her bowels could hold no more liquid, a bung was slammed into her gaping asshole. They continued to force water into her bloated belly until she passed out from lack of air. Her stomach had grown so large as to flatten her lungs, leading to oxygen deprivation. A leather band was wrapped around her distended middle and tightened to make her bring up much of the water she had swallowed. The process was repeated with the same result. This time two men with baseball bats beat her swollen stomach until she vomited water that was tinged with blood from internal injuries. Basically she was suffocating, which explained the lack of loud screams or bellowing. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bung was removed so she could void and make room for a much larger ice water enema that chilled her to the bone. Once more the tubing connecting her stomach to the huge vat of algae covered water was opened to blow her up one last time. This time they watched as her face grew pale and turned blue while her lips changed to a purple color. The water continued to run as her belly did its best to get rid of the ocean of brackish water preventing her from breathing. Then her face darkened and her eyes popped as her heart failed. The entire clip from start to finish was shown in less than ten minutes, and received a round of applause from the passengers as the two attendants made their rounds to be sure that everyone had what they needed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next clip brought a buzz from the passengers; many had seen this classic more than once. It featured a beautiful teenager perhaps fourteen or fifteen hanging by her braided dark hair from the limb of a weathered tree. She was naked, her maturing body free of any marks. Her tits were firm and still growing, perhaps a B-cup with pink nipples surrounded by nearly black areolas. She had big dark eyes and a face that was classic in its bone structure. Her skin was flawless, rare in one so young. Her pubic mound had been shaved clean to show the perfect cunt lips guarding her cunt. Cuffs kept her hands behind her back; they could be seen as she slowly turned in the quiet air. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That camera panned out to show a large crowd of masked individuals surrounding the teenager. Suddenly one of the group took a stance then a step forward and launched something from his or her hand. It struck the girl high up on her torso, digging into the flesh of her right shoulder. There was a scream of terror from the girl as she realized she had been struck with a dart. The masked members of the group clapped their hands at the result of the first cast. Now two more toed an imaginary line before tossing their barbs in the girl's direction. One struck her on the hip and bounced off, the other was a clean miss. Now it was three more throwing as one. Another hit was made, the dart stuck in the front portion of her thigh. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next round involved four masked persons launching what seemed like a barrage of missiles at the target, which by now was almost hysterical. Two struck her body and fell to the ground, one leaving a small trickle of blood from where it struck. Groups of five and then six persons tried their hands with limited success; one struck her squarely in the belly, another bounced off her kneecap. Her response was to piss uncontrollably, bringing insults from the crowd of dart throwers. Now the distance between the target and the throwers was reduced by two steps.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two steps closer made it a nightmare for the teenager. A few of the masked individuals became quite accurate, now aiming for her tits or pussy and coming closer with each round. A few others concentrated on her bottom and the backs of her legs, leaving half a dozen darts buried in that sweet ass and another four in the secondary target. However the worst or best hit to date, depending on your view of things, took out the girl's left eye, driving her almost insane from a combination of the pain and the realization that more was to come shortly. After six rounds they were less than ten feet from her body, which had taken on the look of a porcupine from all the darts stuck into her bare body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A small pool of blood had formed beneath her dangling feet. Her toes curled convulsively every time a dart landed, no matter what the damage. Two more darts had taken root in her lovely face, one in her left cheek, keeping the other dart company, and the other just above her right eye. By now her pert tits had collected upwards of a dozen darts, one actually piercing the nipple on her right tit. The camera was so close to the action and the players that it was easy to tell the sexes despite the masks and the cloaks all of them wore. To make the contest even more agonizing for the victim the entire group was asked to aim for her face and let fly in groups of seven. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The results were chaotic with darts striking darts in midair with only a small fraction getting to the target. The damage that those caused was devastating. Both of her eyes had now been pierced and five new darts had been buried in other portions of her once lovely face. Three more volleys of seven had better results as the teams worked together, each member of the volley hurling his or her dart without any interference from the others. The human target's tits and the region surrounding her cunt took dozens of hits, making her body twitch and tremble from each strike.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even after being struck by dozens of darts, the teenager lived as evidenced by her low moans and an occasional scream after a well-struck missile landed in a sensitive area. By now most people were getting bored, which was anticipated by the organizers. To make things more interesting a decal in the form of a human heart was placed precisely over the teenager's still pumping organ. Special darts with longer tips and weighted for better accuracy and effect were supplied to the few interested in seeing if they could finish the job of ending the girl's life. Eight members lined up for the contest, exactly ten feet from the victim, whom by now was almost comatose from the previous torment she had endured. Blind and bleeding, she was probably wishing for death anyway, so this was almost an act of mercy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It wasn't until the fourth throw that a direct hit to the heart region was made. The girl gasped and her entire body shivered, but she still lived. Two more strikes, one the very last that struck dead center, finished her off as she began to first froth then bleed profusely from the mouth, strong evidence of her imminent death. She evacuated her bowels and pissed, then her eyes closed and her body stopped twitching. There were numerous gasps from those passengers new to the flight and this film. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few became so sexually aroused that they took their leave and retreated to the rear of the aircraft where a number of small but very private units had been constructed. One couple remained in the main cabin but sans clothing. The man was biting his companion's big breasts while she tried to move into a position that allowed his rather large cock to enter her dripping cunt. They drew a number of spectators and at the man's invitation; one made it a trio, his cock erect and throbbing. Somehow the two men managed to get the woman into a position that allowed them to perform double penetration, and they went at it with great vigor, much to the delight of the majority of the other passengers.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





