BDSM Library - The Librarian




The Librarian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story unfolds to reveal a quiet frustrated librarian has a secret life with dire consequences for the man who thinks he has picked up just another easy lay.The Librarian   
It was never meant to be like this, her ambitions thwarted, her life blunted
  to a compliant daily grind. By now her life should have blossomed into a sensual
  exploration of existence, full of fascinating ideas and interesting people.
  Instead she found her self trapped in a small town world. Her mother, though
  a day's drive away, still riding on her back like a grotesque growth. Her father
  had left her mother when she was very young and she had to live with her mother's
  implied conclusion she was responsible. 'He was never cut out for domesticity.'
  she would say, as her eyes appeared to focus on some romantic vision of a gallant
  young lover. She took on the weight of the guilt and carried it stoically while
  through her teenage years she planned her escape. After graduating with a Bachelors
  degree she felt lucky to get a position in the town's library to help her finance
  her studies for a Masters. It was then her mother fell ill and not having medical
  insurance needed support. Anna took the opportunity to work full time at the
  library when it arose, putting her studies on hold. No doctor could find the
  cause of her mother's fluctuating symptoms and though she suspected hypochondria
  and manipulation as the most likely cause of her mother's ailments, she could
  not bring herself to abandon her.  
 'Anna, could you sort these books before you leave?' said a whiney voice
  more as a command than a request. It was Miss Henry, the head librarian, a
  school ma'am type that had somehow been abducted from a bygone age and thrust
  into the contemporary world to increase the blight on her life. Anna obeyed,
  she always obeyed and the resentment always grew. Miss Henry knew she was hoping
  to be away early tonight and this last command was taken as spite. She glanced
  through the pile of books and took them along the rows of shelves, disposing
  of them in the appropriate place. Even the books had become a measurement of
  her discontent. She would take note of the books withdrawn by students and
  feel pieces of her future were being secreted away from her between their covers
  and into someone else's. The philosophers that had once promised her so much
  had all the time been scheming to condemn to the half-light having once awakened
  her eager mind. Philosophy was about the preparation for death she was once
  told but it was never mentioned that it increased the torture that preceded
  it. The more she analysed her life the more the emptiness at its core grew
  like a quiet cancer. Having finished her last chore for the day she collected
  her coat and purse and left, saying goodbye to Miss Henry when she was halfway
  out of the door and it was too late to be asked to do another task.  
She passed the motels that fought for attention with their giant lollipop
  style signs on the main drag out of town but they simply merged into the anonymity
  of visual noise between the car lots and fast food restaurants. The motel she
  was aiming for was simply called Brown's that was about thirty miles out of
  town, a small rundown privately owned affair. She had noticed it once while
  driving over to her mother's in Belleville and was surprised that in all the
  years she had took that route she had never spotted it before. It wasn't long
  before she was out of town and driving through the scrub before the desert
  starts proper. Ten minutes later she was pulling off the highway and down a
  short track to the motel which was set back from the road and the reason why
  she had missed it for all those years. Being so hard to spot made her wonder
  how it had remained in business all these years, which intrigued her and was
  part of the attraction of choosing to stay there for the night. That and across
  the highway was a bar called Archie's, an establishment Miss Henry had called
  the Devil's shack. How Miss Henry knew of Archie's she had no idea but she
  had a habit of pulling names and places out of the air and condemning them.
  To question Miss Henry about such things would force her to admit she was speaking
  out of ignorance and provoke a stream of put downs as a way of defence from
  her spiteful mouth.  
 Pulling up outside the reception she began to feel apprehensive, the place
  was more rundown than it appeared from the road. She was considering driving
  away when a face materialised like an apparition in the office window, she
  felt caught and once she had hesitated felt unable to pull away. The reception
  was a dinghy affair with coffee stains on the counter and a yellowing poster
  saying 'Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing and obtaineth favour of the
  Lord' and written under the last line in thick marker pen 'No Whores!' The
  face she had seen in the window came through to the reception from the back
  office, it was pock marked and had a sallow colour like it had never seen the
  sun.  
 'D'yer wan' a room?.' Moaned the face as it exposed nicotine stained teeth.  
 'Oh..er..Yes please.' She forced the words out of her mouth. The registration
  was done in silence and she was given a key and simply pointed in the direction
  of the room that was outside to the left. Since all the rooms where to the
  left outside the reception, the pointing was stating the obvious. She drove
  the car the short distance to outside the room, parking it immediately in front
  of the door and went in. The room was sparse, a bed, a chair and a small TV
  on a shelf. To her relief it was however clean and on inspection the sheets
  felt fresh as if just they were just changed that morning. She opened the door
  at the back of the room, which hid a shower, to her relief that was also clean.
  In the opposite corner was a closet that was locked, she pulled on the door,
  it was definitely locked. Having investigated she lay on the bed and stared
  at the ceiling as she thought about what to do next. Shower and change her
  clothes then read awhile or read awhile and change later? She took a book out
  of her bag which she had brought to pass the but never got to reading it, falling
  to sleep while whiling away the time in thought.  
 The lights outside came on which interrupted her light sleep and prompted
  her to take a shower and change. She discarded her professional clothes that
  she wore for work at the library and put on a blue tank top and denim skirt
  that was just on the side of an acceptable length. Pacing the room, at intervals
  she admired herself in the three-quarter-length mirror on the back wall. She
  had just seen her thirtieth birthday disappear into her past but she was pleased
  that no one would consider her more than her mid twenties. Her figure was young
  and though she accepted her looks were plain, she was thankful for her mother's
  mouth, which she considered her best feature. She brushed and readjusted her
  wig. It was fortunate that despite her being dark haired her skin colouring
  also suited blond. Along with the expensive quality of the wig it was almost
  impossible to tell she was wearing one. It was time to leave. Outside Archie's
  was ablaze like a fairground ride and casting a dome of spectral colours against
  the navy blue sky.  
 Inside Archie's a country rock band was warming up on the small stage while
  a gaggle of customer's shuffled in a circle on the dance floor. The band was
  playing some country rock music that was vaguely familiar but their arrangement
  had obscured the original melody. The dimly lit bar was cavernous, made all
  the more so by the empty tables but it was early and too early to be disappointed
  thought Anna. She went over and leant on the bar, placing her foot on the foot
  rail she stuck out her butt like and advertisement.  
 The barman walked along the a to her while still polishing a glass 'Can
  I get you anything miss?'  
 'Barcadi Breezer please.' She said beginning to doubt Miss Henry's assessment
  of the establishment. 'Do you get any people in here?'  
 'Hey George!' Shouted the barman along the bar to a regular Roy Rogers sat
  at the end 'This young lady wants to know if we get any customer's in here!'
  Roy Rogers laughed and took a swig of his beer and left the barman to answer
  her 'You'll have so much muscle pushing up against you'll think you're in a
  fuckery by nine.'  
 She winced at the implication she was a common whore 'There is no need to
  be offensive.' She retorted.  
 'My apologies for being so graphic.' Replied the barman leaning into her
  face before adding 'But this is Archie's place!'  
She felt wounded but reassured. By the time she was asking the barman for
  a third Breezer the place had substantially filled and the staff behind the
  bar had multiplied and had no time to socialise with the customer's. The band
  was rolling with more energy than talent, rendering conversation impossible
  except at close quarters but the atmosphere was energetic and exciting. It
  truly was Miss Henry's hell she thought as she laughed to herself. The place
  was hot, sweaty and physical, with people pushing past as they made their way
  between the bar and tables, calling out orders while exchanging jokes and gossip.  
It wasn't long before she felt a hand on her butt and a sleazeball shouting
  in her ear 'Boy! Have I got something you want!'  
'It's the year of our Lord 2003.' Relishing her rhetoric 'A man can be put
  behind bars for doing what you are doing to me.' She said without looking to
  see who was molesting her.  
'You wouldn't want the hunk who's going to give you a party arrested would
  you?'  
'Carry on doing what you are doing and you will either have a good time or
  you will be playing solo with your manhood. Either way your balls will be busted.'
  She said ambiguously.  
'Bitch!' Hissed the stranger in her ear and left.  
She didn't look round but simply thought 'Gutless!' He deserved nothing,
  he was too stupid to realise if he had held his nerve he could have got his
  party. She sighed and pondered her behaviour and wondered whether it could
  be described as a form of addiction, habit or a positive life style choice.
  It is impossible to come to any conclusion she thought. None seemed to be an
  adequate description but all seemed an appropriate label at various times,
  depending on how she felt about herself and her feelings towards the world
  at large. Addiction suggests a slavery to something that is dangerous or has
  a serious adverse affect on ones life. If the danger of being seriously embarrassed
  fits the definition of addiction then perhaps she was an addict but it didn't
  seem serious enough. As for habit, that draws a picture of mindless repetitive
  behaviour. She was adamant her behaviour wasn't mindless but there was certainly
  a repetitive nature to it. That left a positive lifestyle choice but she had
  never really chose to behave like she did, it just sort of happened. This would
  lead her back over her previous contemplations. All the labels contained a
  certain element of truth but none really defined the whole. These musings forced
  her to accept that her behaviour was too fluid to be definitively labelled
  and left her with intellectual contradictions that couldn't be reconciled.
  Things felt unresolved, they needed to be specified and categorised, she was
  after all an archivist and librarian.  
She looked round and saw all the singles coupling up and all the couples
  seemingly exchanging partners. It could end up a lonely evening thanks to that
  spineless jerk. Her mind wondered under the morbid influence of the alcohol
  and pictured herself sliding her hand between two books to help ease another
  into its correct place, it was Sartre's 'Nausea' and she was returning it to
  its appropriate section. It was the spine of 'Nausea' that she fixated on when
  she felt a pair of hands take hold of her hips. This she took to be Adam who
  had been following her round the campus with his tongue hanging out for quite
  awhile. He had never managed to corner her in such a situation that she would
  let him simply have her rather than her having to confront the knotty problem
  of refusing him. Now he had her cornered and to her surprise provoked a physical
  arousal in her but she was aware she was still mentally cold. She never turned
  to acknowledge him but simply allowed his hands to hitch up her skirt and pull
  down her panties, giving him the only outward sign of approval by parting her
  feet slightly. There she stayed buttressed against the shelves as she felt
  him fill her and after several minutes of thrusting provoked in her a shallow
  orgasm. All the time she remained mentally unstimulated while she intellectually
  explored the physical sensation of the act. It was only after the event that
  she turned to find her sexual partner was a complete stranger. She was taken
  aback to find the power of arousal she experienced at discovering this fact
  where horror seemed to be the more appropriate reaction. Any pretence at being
  in control of events at that point simply vanished, she had ceased to be a
  rational being and had turned animal. It amused her to think that her sexual
  savagery had initially startled her surreptitious lover. Afterwards when they
  were both sated he simply left. She never saw him again and wondered if he
  was a fellow student or just some workman who happened to be lost on campus.
  It left with her an arousing memory without the messy small talk to endure
  with hidden embarrassment.  
She was about to buy her last drink and admit the evening had been a failure
  when a hand slipped between her legs and pressed its fingers through her panties
  and into the entrance of her vagina. She took a sharp intake of breath but
  remained firmly fixed in the position she had assumed. She looked into the
  mirror behind the bar but the rim of the hat of her assailant hid his face
  in shadow. The hand kneaded her pudendum and felt her body react favourably
  to its crude intervention. Her lips parted as if she was going to speak.  
'I know.' Said a confident voice 'A man could get arrested for doing what
  I'm doing to a woman.'  
'Then you know what comes next?' Her voice trailed off as she tried to cope
  with her arousal.  
'Yeah.' He gave a small laugh 'You are going to toss a coin and decide whether
  it's you or the cops that are going to bust my balls.'  
'How do you know that?' She asked as she tried to keep her voice steady.  
'You've got yourself a reputation as a ball breaker already.'  
'Oh.' She said as if she had forgot her previous assailant and had now just
  remembered him but it came out sounding as much a response to the stranger's
  stimulation of her 'Your friend?'  
'I wouldn't call him that.' Breathed the stranger in her ear as he concentrated
  more on what he was doing between her legs than on the conversation. 'Do you
  have anywhere we can go?'  
'I'm staying at the motel across the way.'  
'Brown's?' He asked as if there was more than the one motel. 'Which room?'  
'Twelve.' Freely giving the information.  
'Okay.' He increased his stimulation of her. 'I'll see you there in an hour'
  and then he was gone. She breathed deeply to return a sense of equilibrium
  to herself and looked round expecting the bar to have noticed her lusting at
  the stranger's brazen introduction. No one appeared to have noticed her willing
  participation in such exhibitionism. She took one last drink to kill the last
  half an hour.  
Outside the air had cooled with the night. She was giddy on drink and the
  prospect of the stranger waiting to have her. Although she enjoyed the physical
  feel of sex, as an activity it was something she always found embarrassing
  to discuss or confront. When she was a teenager she always found it easier
  to allow her boyfriends to have their way with her than to say no and so confront
  the idea of sex head on. It helped if there was some attraction but even if
  there wasn't, should she close her eyes and concentrate on the touch of sex
  she enjoyed it up to a point. Like now she could still feel the stranger's
  fingers pressing between her legs. She was still savouring his fingers probing
  her while lamenting the slow melting away of the sensation. It didn't matter
  who the stranger was, he was a tool, a sex toy, she knew nothing about him
  and he, nothing about her and she preferred it that way. Tomorrow and for sometime
  to come or until the next time he would haunt her fantasies and could be whoever
  and whatever she wanted. She came back to the moment at hand, cars were leaving
  the parking lot and shooting off each way down the highway. Lovers were hurrying
  home to indulge in each other's bodies. All those vaginas, she thoughr, that
  are lustily being filled with violent erections. Sadness fell about her as
  she began to dwell on what she saw as her social inadequacy, her inability
  to open up to and confront her fantasies with a partner. It was a truck's blazing
  light and horn that shocked her out of her morbidity as it blasted past her
  as she staggered aimlessly across the highway. She became more purposeful and
  made her way across the highway and down the track to the motel. It was quiet
  and there was no sign of her stranger who promised her a rendez vous. She looked
  round, there weren't any shadows where it seemed possible he could be hiding
  to surprise her and why would he? She was just some flakey easy lay that had
  the dubious humour of threatening what she offered to potentially be freedom
  robbing.  
 Dejectedly she opened the door to her motel room and was just entering the
  room when she experienced a violent push in the back. She flew forward, diving
  headfirst onto the bed where a heavy weight immediately fell upon her and held
  her down. Her arms were forced behind her back and her wrists tied with something
  sharp which she later she found to be a cable tie. Before she could gather
  herself and work out what was happening her skirt had been removed and her
  panties ripped off. Whoever it was that was assailing her grabbed a hold of
  her hips pulling her ass up so it was in the air and her face was buried in
  the bed covers. She felt a violent lash across her buttocks that made her shriek
  into the covers. Forcing her head sidewards she caught her breath as she tried
  to look behind her. It pained her neck but she caught a glimpse of the stranger
  wielding a leather belt. He was naked but for his cowboy hat. He had an athletic
  body but the hat made him look ridiculous and would have broken her spell if
  it were not for the fact it hid his face. Not being able to see his face and
  so keeping him anonymous was enough for her to remain captured by the event
  that was carrying her along. She could show her ass to the world as long as
  she couldn't see a face staring back at her. Several more lashes cut across
  her ass as she buried her face once again in the covers to stifle her shrieks
  of pain and helped her to endure the assault. She was subject to violent thrashing,
  slaps and penetrations. Though all the violence was measured and calculated
  not to cause her harm her. It was the symbolism that was the power. Her stranger
  instinctively knew what she wanted but which she could not articulate until
  that moment of experience. She wanted to be dominated and her ego totally annihilated.
  He was orchestrating her escape into some inner space. It was as though she
  was experiencing the pain by proxy. Her body felt detached from her mind, which
  inhabited some parallel world in a state of euphoria. Eventually the violence
  stopped and her wrists were freed. It was impossible to know how long she had
  been flying or how long she remained prostrate on the bed blanking her mind
  to delay the inevitable plunge to earth. Hovering on the peripheral of her
  semi-consciousness was a vague realisation that it only a matter of time before
  she would come round to experience the depressive aftermath of her flight.  
 'I knew what you was after as soon as I saw you.' Came a voice behind her.  
 She turned her head and looked down the length of the bed to see the inverted
  image of the naked man in the hat sat on the easy chair in the corner of the
  room 'How come?' she moaned.  
 'You're a junkie.' He said 'You need kicks.'  
 'Thanks.' As she returned her head back into what was a more comfortable
  position.  
 'No need to thank me.' Said the stranger taking a mouthful of liqueur 'I
  should be thanking you.'  
 'You're welcome.' She groaned, feeling the aches and the accompanied fatigue.
  Even this small talk was too much as she gave up and drifted at first into
  an inner world and then to sleep.  
The dull light of the dawn had started to filter through the drapes but it
  was the chill of the morning that woke her. Her bones had absorbed the cold
  of the room, which felt heavy as stone within her. She was still lying on her
  belly as she had been when she had fallen to sleep and easing herself onto
  her back made her limbs ache from cramp that had been induced in her by the
  rigors of what could have only been a few hours earlier. The naked stranger
  was still sat in the chair in a drunken sleep. His hat pulled over his eyes
  and his chin resting on his chest. He looked ludicrous with his legs parted
  and his pathetic little worm nestled between his thighs. She rolled onto her
  side and pushed herself up into a sitting position, her bladder was bloated
  which increased her sense of nausea. Silence can be loud when it dominates
  the atmosphere like a dead weight. She went and emptied her bladder, remaining
  seated on the toilet as she absorbed the comfort of the relief. If emptiness
  could be a physical phenomenon that had solid form, it now was in her head
  and plying pressure on her very being. Returning to the room she studied the
  naked stranger whose body seemed to encompass pig like qualities. It was snoring
  and smelt of stale alcohol and tobacco. She went up to him and studied him
  closer. In the dim light of the dawn his skin was pale and bloodless and his
  body lacked tone, as though he was a sack that had been dumped in the chair.
  She picked up the heavy empty whisky bottle at his feet and raising it above
  her head brought it crashing down on his. The bottle smashed and the stranger
  slumped in the chair. She immediately lunged at the stranger staking him in
  the neck with the remains of the bottleneck and jagged glass blade that extended
  from it. The bottleneck stuck out from the stranger's neck. Blood trickled
  along the bottleneck, dripping from its rim, giving a bizarre image, like collecting
  sap from a tree. Only this was blood from pork. In her eyes the stranger was
  no more than literally a pig. She backed off and sat on the edge of the bed
  but remained fixated on the pig should he show signs of life. There was a voice
  within her telling her to remain vigilant of the pig's resurrection but she
  could see that there was nothing more dead than dead meat.  
 She considered the incremental steps that had brought her here. The loveless
  sharing of her body, touch without emotion, actions without morals but what
  of these things, could they have made a difference? She pulled the wig from
  her head and exchanged her tank top for the shirt she wore for the library
  once she had distressed her work shirt enough. Then putting her grey flannel
  work skirt through the same tribulations as her shirt she flung it on the floor.
  Gathering up the wig and clothes she had worn at Archie's she stuffed them
  in her bag. The lack of blood pouring from the pig had surprised her. It simply
  emptied from him in a neat trickle. All the while she had constantly watched
  the pig with the same morbid fascination of passing a car crash on the freeway.  
She picked up the phone and began to sob as she dialled 'Police?' sniffling
  before sobbing inconsolably once again 'I want to report a rape&hellip;&hellip;'
  By the time the call had been made the sun was above the horizon and the day
  had begun proper. The pig remained slumped and docile in the chair while the
  unassuming librarian waited on the edge of the bed, listening out for the police
  siren.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProjectEuropa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





