BDSM Library - Getting Rid of The Black Sheep




Getting Rid of The Black Sheep
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What do you do with the untalented black sheep of an entertainment family?  Hide her ass away of course...Getting Rid of A Black Sheep  
The loud boos echoed through the stadium as tears rushed down Ashlee Simpson's
  cheeks. She had poured both her heart and what little talent she had into the
  halftime show only to have her 'adoring' public spurn her once again. It had
  only been a few months since being exposed lip-syncing on SNL and now this&hellip;it
  may just be the end of her young career. Her face puffy and red from crying,
  Ashlee ran back to the dressing room where her father and boyfriend awaited
  her. They spent minutes trying to calm down the pop star, but all she wanted
  was to return home. To have some time to think about how she was going to get
  out of this mess. She tried blaming her past public singing problems on acid
  reflux, but that wasn't going to cut it this time. She had to think of a plan.  
 Later that night Ashlee was lying on her hotel room's bed. She had long
  since shed her ridiculous halftime outfit and instead had put on a more 'comfortable
  outfit'. She was wearing black shorts, black and white striped knee socks,
  black converse pro-stars and a green "Anarchy" shirt. In reality, Ashlee hated
  all this punk stuff. But the attitude was necessary to keep her distinct from
  her famous sister and hopefully hook the young fans on personality rather than
  music. She buried her face in the pillow as she heard a loud knock on the door.  
 "Go away" Ashlee yelled at the mysterious knocking. Her night was bad enough
  without people coming to rub it in.  
 "Ash, it's me&hellip;Jessica. Come on and open up." Ashlee recognized the
  voice of her more famous sibling as she secretly cursed to herself. The last
  thing she needed was her perfect older sister coming to remind her that she
  was better. However, Ashlee decided to get off the bed, wiping the tears from
  her eyes into her grey arm warmer as she opened the door to see Jessica standing
  there. Unlike Ashlee, Jessica had the image of the 'goody-two shoes girl. She
  was standing there in a white dress having spent the night with her husband
  at a fancy party to watch the game. Jessica smiled at her younger sister.  
 "What do you want?" Ashlee said, surprised by the annoyance coming out of
  her mouth.  
 "Listen Ash, I know what you're going through. Let's just talk about it,
  OK?" With that, Ashlee stepped out of the way of the door, letting in Jessica
  who closed the door behind her. She also flipped the lock as Ashlee watched
  curiously.  
 "You can never be too careful, Ash. Now come on&hellip;" Jessica outstretched
  her arms to hug her sister. Ashlee looked a little hesitant at first, but then
  moved in to hug Jessica. The hug continued with Ashlee sobbing for several
  minutes as Jessica's hand moved started moving away.  
 "Oh Jess, it was terrible. You can't believe how embarrassing it was. All
  those people all booing me. It was a nightmare. OUCH!"  
 Ashlee suddenly and violently moved away from the hug, tears still streaming
  down her cheeks as she felt something prick her arm. She looked down to see
  a little bit of blood and then looked back up at her sister. In Jessica's arm
  was a hypodermic needle as an evil smile started to appear on the older sister's
  face.  
 "W-what d-did you do?" Ashlee fell down to one knee as she felt the room
  start to spin.  
 "Oh relax, you no-talent slut. It's just a little muscle relaxant. And it
  looks like it's working great." With that, Jessica reached out with her high-heeled
  foot and pushed the weak Ashlee onto her back as her younger sister struggles
  to try and get up.  
 "Don't try to fight it, Ash. It only makes it worse. You should know that.
  You tried to fight your lip-syncing reputation. And look what that got you&hellip;."  
 Ashlee gasped as she tried to talk. Jessica only smiled and gave a small
  laugh. "Speechless? At least it's better than the horrible noises that came
  out of your mouth at that game. Anyway, you should be passing out any second
  no-" And with that, Ashlee fell into a deep sleep.  
 Two hours later, the petite pop star began to stir. Her eyes opened slowly
  as she felt something holding her down. She then looked into the mirror in
  front of her and cried out&hellip;  
 "MMMMMMMMMMPHHHHH!!!!" Ashlee looked at the horrible reflection facing her.
  She was tied to a chair, tape wrapped around her slender ankles and wrists,
  connecting them to the arms and legs of the chair as her horrified struggles
  caused the chair to rock up and down violently. Around her black-haired head
  was one of her own striped socks, pulled tight around the other sock jammed
  in her mouth and threatening to move down her throat. However, worst of all
  she was completely naked except for the bonds and gags. Suddenly, she felt
  a hand on her shoulder as she looked into the mirror and saw her sister behind
  her. Jessica reached out and grabbed one of Ashlee's nipples with her well-manicured
  ankles as she watched and smiled as her sister screams and thrashes in response.  
 "Wakey-wakey. You're probably wondering what's happening. Well, as you can
  see&hellip;you're tied, gagged and naked. Any you better get used to it."  
 "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmpphhhhh!" was all Ashlee could reply.  
 "You see, Nick and I watched your garish little half-time show. You couldn't
  believe how embarrassing it was. Sitting there, watching your little sister
  make a fool out of herself on national television. You see, Nick and I are
  famous. We got where we are because of talent. You got where you were because
  of me. And quite frankly, we can't have your little skanky-ass messing it up
  for us. So we made a little decision&hellip;.we're going to make you disappear.
  No more&hellip;well&hellip;black sheep to worry about."  
 Jessica chuckled as she pulled the black hair of her sister, causing the
  younger girl to wince and groan into the socks stuffing her mouth like a chipmunk.  
 "Which reminds me, we've got to do something about this stupid black hair.
  I know you wanted "attitude", but did you really think you'd get it from a
  bad dye-job. Oh well, once again&hellip;it's up to Jessica to make the family
  proud." Jessica then ripped off two pieces of duct tape. She walked over to
  Ashlee's front and roughly pressed one of the pieces over Ash's left eye. With
  this Ashlee freaked out&hellip;  
 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPHHH!" she screamed as
  she moved so wildly she threatened to tip over the chair. But Jessica just
  very calmly grabbed Ashlee's little face and held it firm as Jess pushed the
  other piece over the right eye, leaving little Ashlee in darkness. And that
  was how she remained, screaming wildly into her gag as she heard clipping and
  buzzing, feeling her hair being pulled violently at intervals. For the next
  twenty minutes, Ashlee was blindly at her older sister's mercy.  
 "All done, Jessica replied in a teasing tone. She then roughly ripped off
  the blindfolding tape as Ashlee saw herself and screamed loudly into the gag. "MMMMMMPH!" She
  felt tears rushing down her cheeks as she looked at her new hairstyle. Jessica
  had left her with only a bright green Mohawk, as Ashlee screamed and looked
  at the horrifying reflection.  
 "Oh now now&hellip;don't cry. It sounds almost as bad as your singing. You
  wanted to be the "rebel" Simpson, didn't you? And if it makes you feel any
  better, nobody else will ever see it. Just me and Nick."  
 That somehow didn't make things better for Ashlee who was still hysterically
  crying over the butchering of her hair. Jessica listened to noise for awhile
  before growing sick of it and pushing Ashlee's chair backwards violently. Ashlee's
  head bounced off the floor, unexpectedly knocking her out. Jessica just shrugged&hellip;.when
  life gives you lemons.  
 Twenty minutes later, Ashlee awoke again, this time in the bed, and in complete
  and utter agony. Her body had been contorted violently as her hands were tied
  behind her, each one tied with rope and her fingers had been wrapped in tape,
  just to make things more hopeless for her. Her legs had been doubled over and
  tied ankle to thighs, before attaching to her bound hands to leave her naked
  body in a terrible hogtie. The moments preceding her situation flooded back
  into her memory as Ashlee began to cry again, once again looking at the hotel
  mirror. The hideous green hair was still there, but Jessica had spared nothing
  on the gag this time. She felt the sock still stuffed violently in her mouth,
  but now tape had been wrapped around her mostly bald head several times. In
  addition, Jessica had taken the time to wrap it underneath her jaw to the top
  of her head, forcing her to bite down on the stuffing in her mouth. Ashlee
  now looked even more ridiculous as the tape pressed down part of her already
  hideous Mohawk.  
 "God, don't you ever shut up?" was all Jessica said to her tied and sobbing
  sister. "After all I've done for you to make sure you don't get away and embarrass
  yourself again&hellip;" Ashlee groaned as she pulled on the ropes, but moving
  was out of the question. Her eyes grew huge, however, as Jessica walked up
  with a suitcase. Jessica opened up the piece of luggage in front of her sister
  before roughly picking her up and then dropping the hogtied singer into the
  suitcase violently. Ashlee landed on her belly with a loud thud as Jessica
  giggled.  
 "Now look at that&hellip;it's just the right size. In case you haven't guessed,
  you're coming home with me. It's a long drive so try and get comfortable&hellip;" Ashlee
  was far from comfortable, but she wasn't going anywhere.  
 "MMMMMMMMMPPHH!"  
 "You're such a whiny bitch&hellip;no wonder nobody likes you. Anyway, we've
  got to get you ready for travel&hellip;.so surprise&hellip;."  
 Tied as she was, Ashlee could not look to see what Jessica was up to, but
  then she bit down and violently screamed into the gag as she felt something
  pressing violently into her bottom.  
 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmppphh!!!!"  
 "Hmm&hellip;not as tight as I thought it would be. Oh well, it isn't going
  to slip out anyway. And now for part number 2&hellip;."  
 Ashlee struggled as Jessica mentioned the second part, but again the ropes
  were too tight as she felt Jessica pushing something into her crotch.  
 "Now as everyone knows, I'm ticklish "down there" Jessica explained to her
  sister. "And I know despite not getting one iota of my talent, that you're
  ticklish down there, too. So here's the deal."  
 Jess bent down in front of her tied sister, holding a little black remote
  in her hand. "While I'm driving, I'm going to randomly hit these two buttons.
  One&hellip;." Jess pressed the button watching her sister writhe in agony as
  she felt the special vibrator tickling her nude body, causing her to pull and
  wiggle on the ground.  
 "Or&hellip;..two." With that, Jessica let go of the first button and pressed
  the second button&hellip;  
 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPH!!!!" Ashlee felt the plug in her bottom
  send a powerful electric vote through her body as she screamed loudly into
  the effective and tight gag.  
 "Looks like both work&hellip;.should be a fun trip&hellip;.now let's just
  get you finished up." With that Jessica brought over the two pieces of duct
  tape from before before ripping off two more pieces. She then lightly pressed
  all four pieces onto Ashlee's young face, creating two large and funny X's
  over her eyes, once again leaving her in darkness. She squirmed uncomfortably
  as she felt something slipping over her ears&hellip;they felt like headphones,
  but&hellip;.  
 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMPPPPPHH!!!!!!" Ashlee screamed loudly as the sound suddenly
  came on full blast. It was horrible&hellip;worse than she could ever imagine
  as the sound ripped at her eardrums.  
 "You're just going to have to listen to that Orange Bowl performance all
  the way home, sis" Jessica said to herself as she reached down and closed the
  suitcase, taking her time as she zipped it up. Jess smiled to herself&hellip;this
  was going to be fun.  
To be continued  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Film Fan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





