BDSM Library - Pavlov's Dog




Pavlov's Dog
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Follows a young girl's growing fascination with  bondage and helpless pain, as it leads her down a dark and dangerous road.
Pavlov's Dog

By Trystl

1

The video's picture quality wasn't very good.

The image was too grainy to see anything very well in the dim light; but the
young woman who was watching didn't need to see the picture to know what was
happening. Despite the poor sound quality, she could clearly hear the muffled
protests of someone who was gagged and the scuffling and scraping of boots as
two men led a reluctant young girl into the center of a basement. It was too
dark to see how many men there were for sure. They wore dark clothes, including
black gloves and ski masks; but she strongly suspected that there were at least
three; definitely more than two.

The girl wore a clingy creme colored sweater and a pair of white go-go boots
that rose to just below her knees. Her light skin and the white clothing made
her much easier to see than the men. Her mouth was stuffed with a black rubber
ball-gag. A rope crisscrossed between her breasts and was wrapped several times
around her arms and chest, pinning her limbs securely to her side at the elbows.

The young woman who was watching unzipped the fly of her shorts and slipped her
hand inside, rocking her hips slightly forward as she pressed against her pubic
mound. With the fingers of her other hand, she twisted one of her own nipples
through the sheer fabric of her clingy sweater. Just the thought of what was
going to happen to the girl on the video was making her very hot and bothered.
Snuff films always did. She reached over to her bag of toys without taking her
eyes off the screen and pulled out a wooden clothespin. Her muscles stiffened
for a moment and she gave an involuntary gasp as she clamped it onto her nipple,
then she was reaching in for another clothespin.

The girl on the video was trying to fight the men. There was nothing faked about
her struggles; they reflected the very real fear in her eyes. But against
multiple strong men, and bound as she was, her efforts did little more than
force her body into provocative postitions. The men obviously knew this too, but
they seemed to delight in grabbing various parts of her body: a leg, a breast,
an arm, a hip or the side of her stomach. They began pushing and pulling her,
sometimes in several directions at once, so that her body seemed to jerk about
like a marionette with a novice (or perhaps a demented) puppeteer at the
strings.

Someone flipped a switch.

The screen went white for a moment as a spotlight flared on. Then the automatic
adjust brought the basement back into focus: the small circle where there was
adequate lighting was a little less grainy, but the blackness around it was much
darker than before.

In the center of the lighted circle, only a few steps away from the girl, was a
metal horse or wedge: like an upside down V. A length of rope at either end
attached the roughly two foot long metal horse to a piece of metal of equal
length; suspended maybe five feet above it. A rope was threaded through an
eyelet in the center of this piece of metal. The whole thing was supported by a
pulley; the rope passing through it tied off to a metal ring along the far wall.
This way, one rope could quickly raise or lower the horse to any position
desired. Right now, it was hanging fairly low to the ground.

Directly in the center of the horse was a very large metal dildo that appeared
to be permanently attached. It looked rather thin, but that was an illusion
caused by its extreme length: at the minimum ten inches, but the woman watching
guessed at least two inches longer than that. And an ominous looking electrical
wire ran from underneath the center of the horse, and disappeared into the
darkness.

If the girl on the video was struggling before, she became frantic now. She
pulled so hard that for a moment her captors almost lost their grip and it
looked as if she might even break free, but the men recovered quickly. The girl
had obviously been struggling for a while; and was growing fatigued. Her last
burst apparently used up the last of her energy, leaving her a bit listless. It
was so easy for the men to drag her back towards the horse again that it looked
almost fake. One of the men knelt down and looped a short length of rope in a
slipknot around her booted foot, then standing, he walked around to the other
side of the horse. He used the rope to pull her leg up, forcing her to step
across the metal horse despite her renewed, but weak struggles.

She tried to step away again, but two of the men held her legs in place while
another disappeared into the darkness. A moment later the horse began to rise,
and the men holding her legs helped guide the dildo inside her.

The camera zoomed in for a close-up on the girl's face. She winced and shook her
head back and forth as if trying to deny what was happening to her. Then the
camera zoomed back out, showing the dildo as it sunk the last few inches inside
her. She stood very still now, as if paralyzed except for the movement of her
head. Her legs were forced to bow out unnaturally by the forty-five degree angle
of the wedge. She stood this way for a few seconds, obviously dreading what was
coming; then the man pulled on the rope again, hoisting the metal horse a little
higher into the air.

Slowly the girl's feet left the floor. She leaned to one side as the horse
tilted. Her legs swung freely, but the woman watching knew that she was using
the position of her legs to help keep her balance, and the men weren't helping.
One pulled her left wrists to the ring at the back of the metal horse. This
caused it to start spinning very slowly, and forced the girl to turn somewhat
sideways because the rope pinning her elbows to her side didn't allow her arm to
swing straight back. Even twisting sideways, it obviously put an uncomfortable
torque on her elbow joint. She leaned back a little, trying to ease the
pressure, but this caused the horse to tilt backwards as well, rather like one
of those mechanical bulls, bucking in very slow motion.

If the ropes at either end of the metal horse had been tied to the wall
independently, the contraption would have been fairly stable. But by attaching
these ropes to a separate bar, with one rope attached to its center, the horse
was given more freedom to move. It tilted backwards when she leaned back because
more of her weight was distributed towards that end of the horse; and the more
in tilted the more she was inclined to lean.

Instinctively, she moved her legs to counter.

Before long the horse reached its low point and started back the other way,
allowing the girl to shift her weight comfortably forward again. For a moment
the horse threatened to swing too far the other way, but one of the men steadied
her with a hand about the waist, his fingers digging into her flat, but supple
belly as he reached around her. He held the stretchy fabric of her sweater away
from her breast, then snipped a small hole just the perfect size for her breast
to show through. He repeated the process for the other breast; then carelessly
snapped an alligator clamp onto one of her large nipples.

While he was doing this, one of the other men was tying her right wrist to the
ring at the front of the horse. Before he could finish the first man had snapped
a second alligator clamp on her other nipple. Then he dug out a set of weighted
hooks, which he hung from the clamps.

One of the men was pushing a small, control-box, with several gauges and dials,
out into the spotlight. He took two wires and handed them to the man who had
just applied the alligator clamps, and the wires were connected to the metal
chains. The girl looked down with sudden understanding and growing disbelief.
She began to shake her head; but as the other men stepped back, the man at the
control-box began to turn a knob. She arched her back and cried out in pain.

The girl watching the video was rubbing her fingers feverishly against her clit
and panting with excitement at the pain from the clamps at her own breasts.

This wasn't the first time she'd watched this video, and she knew the girl's
real ordeal had only just begun.




2

If you'd asked her, Sally wouldn't have been able to say with any certain just
when her fascination with snuff material began, or exactly how it happened. Even
to her, it seemed like an unlikely thing to fascinate a young and attractive
girl. And she was attractive. Boys told her she was all the time, even boys
she'd just meet. Even boys who couldn't possibly know how much money her father
had; and as an only child, how much she would inherit one day.

Her own eyes told her she was attractive too.

She liked looking at attractive women almost as much as she liked looking at
attractive men, and when she looked at herself in the mirror she was pleased by
what she saw. Her breasts were perhaps a trifle small, but they were firm enough
that when she wrapped them in rope they made an attractive little ball. They
didn't swell up like gross, vein-etched balloons the way really large breasted
women usually did. Nor did they become the shriveled little parodies of smaller
breasted women. And her nipples were unusually large, so even when her breasts
were wrapped they made inviting targets for a pair of clamps.

Sally's nipples were her favorite physical feature.

Men usually seemed to prefer her ass or her long slender legs, but she thought
they were a little too thin. When Sally was young, and her mother was still
alive, she'd referred to Sally's legs as being coltish. This had caused her
father to frown, and declare that when she became older Sally's long legs would
undoubtedly lend her an air of elegance and grace. His prediction had proven
true, but Sally's mother hadn't lived long enough to notice.

The only part of her body that Sally actively disliked was her hips. They were
much too narrow. She thought a woman should be full bodied, with womanly curves.
Not that she had the hips of a young female gymnast or anything, but they
certainly didn't lend her frame what she would call the curvaceous look, either.
Sometimes she wondered if God hadn't made a mistake. How could the head of a
newborn child ever pass between such a narrow space? She used to worry about
that when she was younger and saw the pain women endured as they gave birth in
the movies. Surely the pain she would endure, if she ever gave birth, would be
even greater, because her hips were so narrow.

And perhaps that was where her fascination with pain, (and the possibility of
dying from it,) began-but Sally didn't think so, because even her earliest
memories of thinking about giving birth were tainted as much with fascination as
they were with fear. There was something about the helpless, inevitability of
it. Once you passed a certain point you couldn't turn back. Regardless of how
you felt or how it went, you were in for the long haul-no more choice left in
the matter. That was what appealed to Sally the most: the idea of being
helpless, with the fate of your very existence hanging in the balance.

Pain was something she'd gotten used to gradually. The first time she remembered
experimenting with it was probably the time she'd placed a clothespin on her
nipple as she masturbated to an adult book she'd found in a garbage can. It was
odd the way pain made her wet. Her body broke out in a sweat; and her orgasm was
so much stronger than it had ever been before. That was more than a year before
she started surfing the Internet, looking for pictures and stories and video
clips, anything to satisfy her restless imagination.

No, the birth of Sally's interest in bondage had nothing to do with the Internet
itself, but the internet had provided her first real exposure to the harder,
fringe aspects of bondage: like extreme torture and snuff. And she hadn't found
those things until she remembered finding the secret place, taped to
undersurface of the pull out shelf of her father's desk, where her father kept
his passwords written down. In retrospect, Sally thought that taping something
you're trying to keep secret (at least from a child) to the underside of
anything was probably not the smartest idea in the world, however intuitively
sensible it might seem to an adult. Children were always crawling around on the
floor-at least she was. Although she had to admit that her father never left
that shelf out when he wasn't using the desk; and when he was using it, he
didn't let her play under his feet.

It was mostly a coincidence that in the course of playing her make-believe games
she decided to pull out the shelf. And there in her father's handwriting was a
mystery-for at the age when she found it she didn't have the slightest clue what
the strange words and numbers on the small piece of paper might be for. But the
words and the paper fascinated her. They had obviously been hidden, and that
meant they were something her father was trying to keep secret. And because of
that, she desperately wanted to know what they were for.

It was impossible to ignore, like finding a deteriorating treasure map in the
attic would be. A pirate didn't come right out and say, "Here be my chest of
precious treasure!" And he certainly didn't give clearly written, step-by-step
directions on where to find it. Even at that age, Sally knew that much. What he
wrote down would be bits and pieces-mental notes: just enough to help spark his
own memory. And that was what Sally had: her father's mental notes. It was a
puzzle to be solved. And gaining the prize would give her access to something
her father had tried to keep secret. A part of himself so valuable he kept it
tucked away from the rest of the world. She'd puzzled over this mystery for
several days, perhaps even weeks, before her lack of progress caused her to
slowly loose interest. And over the years she'd almost forgotten all about it.

Around the age of ten, Sally stumbled across the gardener and one of the maids
doing something strange in the stable's hayloft. They giggled and pressed their
bodies against one another in a most peculiar way. Fascinated, she'd watched for
several moments without being seen: they were too involved with themselves to
notice anything else. And that in its self was very strange. The servants were
always alert and very watchful; they always seemed so stiff and formal, even
when they smiled at her. Not like these two, who completely ignored her and
acted more like children. Sally managed to watch for several moments, in fact,
before being noticed-and then everything changed. They jumped up, yelling at her
to go away as they tried to cover themselves with their clothes. Sally might
have found their antics comical if she hadn't been so alarmed by their behavior.

Her father would surely scold her if he found out she'd been spying on them. She
still remembered the time he caught her rummaging through his desk: his face had
suddenly become something terrible and frightening. It was the only time in her
life that she remembered him striking her. And later she would think how it was
as if something had crawled inside him, turning him suddenly into this
frightening and alien creature. She never wanted to see that look again, so she
ran-afraid they would tell; and still a little confused about why they should.
Obviously she had found them doing something they would never do in public. But
it was just as obvious it was something good; and enjoyable. Why should they
hide when they did this? And why should they be so angry when they realized she
was watching? Angry enough to yell at her instead of simply telling her in their
normal manner that she should go away now.

"Fuck! What do you think she saw?" She heard the gardener saying as she climbed
down the ladder.

"I don't know," the maid replied angrily. "But you can be sure it was an eye
full."



Before the age of ten, Sally's fantasy life had a well-developed sexual flavor,
although it was based mostly on mystery and intrigue. Adults clearly had a
secret that they didn't want to share. She explored her own body, trying to
figure out why those two in the loft had been groping each other that way, and
had not been able to figure it out.

Then it happened. She didn't even remember how old she was at the time, but as
she was washing herself she felt an odd sensation. And suddenly she thought she
was beginning to understand what it was the adults had been hiding. It wasn't
long before she was exploring her own sexuality on a regular basis. Masturbation
had become a mysterious and guilt-laced obsession that frequently kept her up
late at night. Then, at the age of fourteen she discovered her second great
obsession: the Internet. This one she had discovered while researching an
English paper for school.

The topic of sex seemed like the perfect marriage of her private interests, and
the necessity of passing her class. She'd given up on the idea long before
actually writing the paper, but she'd given the idea enough thought to run an
Internet search on the word SEX.

She was amazed at the sheer number or responses her query returned. It was
obvious an awful lot of people had an awful lot to say on the subject. There
were pages about safe sex, sex education, discrimination and censorship; even
websites that focused on TV shows and rock bands with SEX in their name.

Much of what she found didn't interest her much, but it gave her ideas for other
keywords to search and soon she had found plenty of things that did fascinated
her. When she started following the links a frustratingly large number led to a
pop-up dialog-box, which rudely inform her that she was trying to enter an adult
site and if she didn't have a password she couldn't enter. This, of course, she
took as just one more sign of the adult conspiracy. It was a frustrating
impasse, but she was used to that sort of thing from adults by now. It was their
way of keeping children separate and excluded from the adult world.

Even the house servants, who were usually more lenient with her questions than
her parents, would only glance at one another nervously when she asked about
sex. Then one of them would pat her on the head and say something to dismiss
her, like: "Gracious child, you're too young to be worrying about that. Why
don't you go outside and play?"

Sally understood their smug, condescending smiles. They were afraid she would
discover their secret a little too soon, and then she would know what they knew.
She wasn't sure what would happen then, but she knew it had to be something
wonderful. Every shred of evidence seemed to confirmed it: the secrecy of
adults, the wealth of information hidden on the Internet, the none-to-subtle
inferences to it: in the movies and magazines and on TV. Even the increasingly
tantalizing whispers of her own body screamed that it was something fascinating
and precious. It was everywhere, and yet it remained stubbornly just beyond her
reach: a prize waiting to be won, if she could just figure it out.

Once again she was caught up in a mystery to be solved-and this time she was not
so young that she could become bored with it in a mere few weeks. She began
reading everything she could about the Internet. She created and maintained her
own site, just to learn more. By this time she had learned to gain access to a
great many tantalizing pictures, but as hard as she tried, and as far as she
got-there were still continual blocks to her progress. Which meant that as lurid
and enticing as the pictures she could access seemed, the one that were hidden
inside were even better. She had her own computer, but her father had carefully
supervised setting up the password protection, and she couldn't figure out how
to bypass it to change the settings that she knew kept her out.

All that changed when, out of the blue one day, she remembered finding her
father's secret hiding place, and the small, mysterious slip of paper. She had
recalled this memory before, from time to time, but now everything clicked.
Suddenly, with a clarity of thought that startled her, she realized what the
strange words and numbers were for.

After that, she'd snuck into her fathers study. The maid had already finished
cleaning his room and he was at work, so her chances of getting caught were
slim-but she still felt a thrill as she crept towards his desk. The slip of
paper was still in the same place, looking much the same as it had way back
then. She stood beside his desk, furiously writing down all the passwords, and
freezing every time she heard a floorboard creak or the wind rattling the
window. Then she scurried back to her own room and started really surfing for
the very first time.

The only thing she really had to worry about was the off chance that her father
might try to log onto the same site she was on at the same time she was on it.
But she didn't think he was likely to do that at work, and even if he did, he
still wouldn't know who was using his password. She decided not to use her
credit cards to join anything stronger than the vanilla sites her father seemed
to like. He received a monthly list of her purchases, and she didn't want to
risk him wondering what one of them was for. Sally had a vivid memory of her
parents fighting when her mother was still alive. Her father had asked what one
of the expenses on just such a list was for. Sally couldn't remember exactly
what her mother had said but her husband's prying hadn't made her happy.

Even with the limited vanilla sites she could access without raising suspicion,
Sally was able to find all sorts of bizarre stuff-things she wouldn't even have
imagined before. Things that made her feel a bit nauseous the first time she
looked at them, and yet there was something about them that she found it
difficult to take her eyes away from. A lot of it was impossible to believe. It
had to be faked: like the special effects in a movie. There were needles, as
much as a foot long, dozens of them, piercing a bound woman's breasts; while
another woman's orifices were being shoved full of baseball bats and Champaign
bottles. One man had his forearm shoved in nearly up to the elbow joint.

It was truly amazing how many sites she found where women-especially young
women-were being tortured and abused. It made her wonder just how much pent-up
male hostility there really was, hiding just under the surface of our seemingly
civilized society. It frightened her. She wondered if all men were angry
simmering pots, just waiting to explode, and despite her very real fear the
thought intrigued her. She couldn't get it out of her mind. She imagined the
world suddenly gone mad with all men banding together to brutalize and abuse all
women, the way they seemed to in their fantasies on the web sites. Men were
bigger and so much stronger; what would stop them? They dominated the police
force, the military and the government. Couldn't they pass virtually any laws
they chose and easily enforce them? Couldn't they turn all women into little
more than slaves, if they really wanted to? So why didn't they? And more
importantly, if they didn't really want to, why were there so many websites
based on that fantasy.

Sally found herself masturbating as she fantasized about a world where all women
were slaves and men were viciously cruel. What would such a world be like and
what the men do to her specifically?

What frightened her most of all was the persistence with which she fantasized
about such things. Despite the revulsion some of the pictures caused, she
couldn't take her eyes off them. And she found that she preferred the pictures
where the women were bound and appeared to be in pain, instead of compliant and
willing, with the freedom to get up and leave if they wanted to.

Maybe this was some subconscious expression of hostility that she felt towards
herself. That was the kind of crap they taught in her high school psychology
classes, but she didn't believe it. It was easier to imagine that she was just
another one of Pavlov's dogs, like all those frustrated bastards out there,
responding to bells and whistles she wasn't even aware of, and couldn't remember
where or when they began. She tried. Sometimes she spent hours trying to
remember the first time she'd ever thought about bondage or torture or snuff;
trying to track down that exact moment when the seed of obsession was planted in
her brain. The exact event that that given it such a fascinating hold over her.

As early as she could remember, her favorite parts of movies or TV programs were
the scenes when the helpless female was being kidnapped-and then later when the
cops swarmed to the site of the crime and they showed that tantalizing glimpse
of the mutilated body. Especially when she was younger, she liked the scenes
where the hero's lady friend was all trussed up and waiting for the hero to come
save her, but as she became older she developed a distinct preference for those
earlier scenes, the ones with the real victims. Where no one was ever going to
save them.

Even in early grade school, she'd daydreamed of being kidnapped. These were, of
course, rather innocent fantasies. Some cute boy would always come along to save
her-but somewhere along the line, more and more of her fantasy was spent
imagining the feel of the ropes, the coarseness of the villain's hands on her
naked body. By then, being rescued was anti-climactic, almost an afterthought,
thrown in simply as a means of closure. She wondered if the fact that her tastes
were changing meant that she was becoming attuned to the harder stuff, or if
she'd simply figured out that the hero almost never arrived too late.

Sally was never a terribly social person. As an only child, she'd become used to
playing alone and rarely missed the company of other children. Her mother never
wanted her to play with the children of the servants; and even though Sally's
father seemed to sense the depth of her isolation, he didn't actually encourage
her to play with them either, at least not until after his wife's death, and by
then she was already set in her ways. Sometimes he would all but insist that she
play with them. And so, outside of her school, they became her only consistent
playmates. But much of the time she preferred to play by herself. There were
three girls and one boy, among the servant's children, and none of them were
quite her age. Nor did they seem to share her interests. It amazed her how long
the girls could play with dolls; while she quickly became bored having
absolutely no interest in that sort of thing. And she never quite felt like one
of them. She was that stranger, who while living among them had always kept her
distance. And so, for the most part, she understood that they didn't like her
any more than she liked them.

She had more luck with Jimmy, the boy, despite being several years older than
him. He felt a bit isolated too, being the only boy. He didn't like playing
house or dress up all that much either, and the girls often told him to go away.
They didn't want him around while they played their games and told their little
girl secrets.

Jimmy was willing to follow Sally's lead when she created her exotic fantasy
worlds. "Let's pretend that we're brother and sister," she told him once, as
they lay on top of the huge, blue gas tank that was next to the stables. It was
so tall they had to stack three bales of hay in a set of steps so they could
climb to the top. They would lie on it for what seemed like hours, feeling the
warmth of the sun's rays and the deeper, more immediate warmth that radiated
from the tank and didn't go away when the sun went behind the clouds for a few
moments. It felt almost like a living creature, and Sally liked to press her ear
against the metal and listen while she spoke or hummed. She created an eerie
sort of music that made her think of strange beings and alien worlds. The
vibrations made it easy to imagine that the tank was something alive.

"Let's pretend that we've gone to the beach," she said. "And we've lain down on
a rock and fallen asleep under the sun."

Jimmy closed his eyes, pretending to be asleep.

"And when we wake..." He opened his eyes and rubbed his knuckles against them as
if just waking. "We're not really on a rock at all, but the back of a huge sea
creature that's speeding across the water."

Jimmy's eyes widened in fear, heightening Sally's owns sense of the story. She
could almost feel the sea wind blowing in her hair, and the creature's muscles
rippling beneath her hands. It's melodious breath punctuated by the plumes of
water that it blew from its spout, like a whale. "Is he going to dive," Jimmy
asked looking nervously about.

"I don't think so." She pointed her finger to the distance, and said: "Look, I
see land. It must be taking us to the shores of some strange and mysterious
place. A place that no one we know has ever heard of, because this is the place
where animals are like people and people are kept in cages as their pets."

And sure enough, they were meet on the shore by a group of talking animals, who
stripped their captives of their clothes, because beasts never wore clothes, and
bound them because from now on the laws decreed that they could never be free.
Then they were chained together in a long line with other newly captured humans
and taken to the slave market. This was the hayloft in the stables. It was the
sight of most of their games; and even when Jimmy wasn't with her it was one of
her favorite places to play.

When no one was around she would steal bits of rope. There was always plenty,
and if the servants noticed that it was gone, they never accused her of taking
it. She kept the rope hidden in the hayloft, a secret place where she kept all
of her most interesting toys: a small clamp and the bit from a horse's harness
that she'd taken from the foreman's work shed, along with a single pair of lacy,
black underwear she'd snatched from the laundry when one of the maids was
washing her own clothes.

Sometimes, she would have Jimmy tie her up, as part of the stories she spun out.
And although she was a little afraid his mother might call, and he would wander
off, leaving her helplessly bound, the possibility made her wet with
anticipation. The very thought made her tingle, even though she was afraid of
what her father (or even one of the servants) might do or say when they found
her.

When Jummy wasn't around she would tie up herself. Slipping out of her clothes,
she would step into the lacy black panties. They were a little loose on her, but
she had stolen a needle and thread, cut the panties at the side and sewn the
pieces back together so that they fit more snuggly. Wearing only the black
panties and a T-shirt that she'd cut off to expose her waist, she would wrap her
body in a tight webbing of rope. It was difficult to tie her hands or arms
together and she worried about not being able to get undone if she did too good
a job, so usually she would simply loop a piece of rope around her hands and
pretend that they were tied. Sometimes she would put a loop in both ends of the
rope. One loop she would place over the end of the ladder, and the other she
would slip around her elbows. Then she would turn herself around, wrapping the
rope around her body as she turned. When she got to the end she would slip the
loop of the end of the ladder and hold it in her hand, pretending that her
animal owner had tied her up and given her a chore to do. She always picked
something that was difficult but not impossible, like taking the equipment from
one of the shelves at about chest level, and placing it in a gunny sack,
imagining that she was packing so the animals who owned her could travel. Then,
when her owners returned, they would release her from her prison and she would
have to place everything back on the shelf where it had originally been.

This was not as easy as it sounds with her elbows tightly tied behind her back.

Sometimes, after a hard rain, Sally would pull her clothes back on over the
black panties and a rope harness that she had installed around her chest and
hips, then she would walk to the creek that ran through her father's property,
following the length of it from one end to the other and back again. She
imagined that she had escaped and was fleeing from her animal owners, her body
and arms were still bound, but they'd made the mistake of leaving her alone
while her legs were free. Hiding among the reeds along the flooded banks, or
beneath the tree roots that hung a few inches above the water, she would creep
carefully forward, listening for sounds of pursuit. Occasionally she would
chance across one of the worker tending the lawn that stretched to within a
dozen or so yards from the creek; and she would crouch down, her fear of being
seen lending added realism to the fear of her fantasies.

Sally lived for such moments.

She didn't particularly like school, although good grades always came easily for
her.

She was quiet and shy. "Stuck up", some of the children called her; but she
never wanted for friends in high school. They latched on to her. She was
attractive, intelligent and always impeccably dressed in expensive clothes. But
she continued to be bored by the kinds of things the other girls talked about.
Even when they talked about sex, it was mostly idle, vanilla gossip: who had
just broken up with who, who was sleeping with who, or who they would sleep with
if given the chance. Such things didn't interest her. And when they asked her to
do things after school, she usually found some way to politely decline. By then,
she preferred spending much of her time on the Internet.

When she did go to a party, she seemed to spend most of her time clinging to the
walls, and the exit doors always seemed terribly inviting. She wished she had
something worth saying and someone worth saying it to. Not that the boys ignored
her. They would ask her to dance, but they rarely had anything more interesting
to say than the girls did. She had no interest in their occasional offers of
forming a permanent relationship. And after the silence became awkward they
usually thanked her politely and moved away. Before long, most of them seemed to
assume she was a closet lesbian; or that she thought she was too good for anyone
else. The rest seemed to think she was really a good little girl who couldn't
possibly be thinking about being tied to a bed in one of the back rooms and
flogged with a belt until her whole body was bright red, then fucked in the ass
with a broomstick or better yet, a baseball bat.

The few who were bold enough to make some kind of sexual suggestion, tended to
be so utterly cocky and obnoxious that she found it impossible to generate any
interest in them. She might imagine what it would be like if one of them would
clamp his hand over her mouth as she was leaving and drag her kicking and
screaming into one of those rooms in her imagination, but she had little
interest in going with them willingly. Nor could she bring herself tell them
what she really wanted.

The people she met on the Internet were different. They were more likely to have
something in common with her, and since she didn't have to face them in person,
it was far easier to ask them the kinds of questions that were needed to find
out. It was also easier to tell them to get lost when things didn't work out. On
the Internet, she always had time to think about what she wanted to say. None of
the same kinds of social pressure existed in a chat room-she could say whatever
she wanted. But more important were the things they said to her.

She meet Darin on one of those art-based snuff sites, although she didn't learn
his real name until months later when they meet in person. He was one of the
sites featured artists, and she'd emailed to tell him how much she liked his
work. When he'd emailed back they'd struck up a conversation and it hadn't taken
long for him to discover that she was a female, which seemed to surprise him a
bit, and sparked his interest even more. From the pictures he sent, she learned
that he was a good-looking, young man, with dark, curly hair. "I'm too short to
be called tall, dark and handsome," he wrote in his instant message. He went on
to tell her how recently he'd taken the plunge, trying to make a go of his art.
"But calling the existence I manage to scratch out struggling is like saying a
rock is dying. LOL"

He was desperate for commission work, and he was very, very good, so Sally
decided to write back and asked if he would be interested in doing a snuff piece
using her as a model. Before she knew it, she was making arrangements to fly to
Denver, where he lived. She could hardly believe it. They were actually going to
meet IRL. In Real Life.

Just thinking the phrase made her palms begin to sweat.

Everything she'd ever read said it was foolish to meet a stranger like this.
Especially one who obviously had a fascination with dying women. It was
undoubtedly the craziest thing she'd ever done in her life-and by far the most
exciting. She didn't care about the danger, she was willing and eager to take
that risk; and a small part of her actually wanted something unpleasant to
happen. She was so eager, in fact, that she found it impossible to wait. She
wrote back and asked if they could move the date up a little. "Something else
has come up," she explained. "Couldn't we do it this coming weekend instead?"

She told her father she wouldn't be coming home from college for the weekend:
she was going away on a skiing trip. Then she flew to Denver, and they spend the
first half of the morning meeting and discussion their plans. They bought a
bottle of wine at a liquor store and had a few drinks when they got back to his
apartment, then he took her into the spare bedroom which he'd turned into a
photo studio and she posed for the camera while he snapped the photographs he'd
need to work from.

She was surprised how easy he made it to take off her clothes and pose in front
of the camera. She didn't feel self-conscious at all. He had this sparkling
personality that somehow managed to be unassuming and demanding all at the same
time; a personality she could as easily imagine as the villain who was tying her
up or the hero who was coming to save her; and she never stopped to wonder which
way she preferred to think of him.

"You seem to like the camera," Darin observed, as she pranced before him. "And I
know it likes you. Ever thought of doing a bondage shoot? You can make a little
money and I think you'll have fun at the same time." He shrugged, looking at her
to gage her reaction.

She shook her head. "I don't need the money," she said, realizing that they
hadn't actually discussed an amount for the commission he was going to paint.
The way she had worded it, he might not expect any money at all. "Besides, my
father surfs the adult sites on the net," she said. "I don't think he'd
appreciate finding me there."

 "Just a thought," he shrugged. "You're beautiful, and you obviously like it. I
think you'd make a great model."

She'd heard that before, but suddenly she didn't trust him. He'd already taken
several dozen compromising pictures of her, several of them completely nude, and
many with her fingers groping her own breasts or probing between her legs. The
only way to be confident that he wouldn't betray her was to prove to him that it
would be worth a lot more if he didn't. She hadn't thought much about what she
was going to pay him either. Her father provided her with a weekly allowance
that was more than she'd ever spent, except for the one time when she'd bought
the new car she drove around at college. She hadn't even told him her plans, and
his only response was to say that if she was going to spend the money she should
have bought a Mercedes or a BMW. She'd just batted her eyes like a dingy blonde
and told him she'd test driven plenty of the more expensive cars and this one
had everything she needed. Then she'd kissed him on the cheek and whispered in
his ear, "besides, I don't want to seem so different from the other kids."

No, she could make it well worth Darin's time without raising much of a fuss
from her father, especially if she had something to show for what she'd spent.
Her father was an avid art collector-although he tended toward proven and thus
the really expensive artists. But Sally thought he would approve of her newfound
interest in collecting; and Darin's work was good enough that her father just
might consider it a reasonably good investment, which seemed to be the only
reason he could imagine for buying art.

Sally smiled. "We can still take the pictures," she said. "I just don't want
them plastered all over the Internet. The same goes for the paintings you'll be
doing for me. They're mine."

She noticed the change in his expression. His mind was obviously already
churning at the implications. And he was looking at her again, reevaluating what
he saw in light of this new and unexpected attitude.

"I'm to own full rights," she went on. "I expect that you and I will be the only
ones who ever see them, at least until my father dies. I don't even want you to
show them around in your portfolio. Not only that, but every time I commission
you, I want you to make two paintings-not just one-that way if my father should
ever question why I've paid you five thousand dollars, I'll have something I can
show him."

It took a few seconds for the words to sink in. Five thousand dollars! It was
obviously a lot more than he'd ever imagined. He handled it well though. "No
problem, babe," he said with a smile and a casual shrug.

"Good," Sally said. "Now what kind of bondage gear have you got to go with that
camera?"

After that she'd slipped smoothly back into a more passive sort of role.

And after that, she and Darin began to meet regularly. Instead of flying home
from college every weekend, she would fly to Denver about once a month.

Her father thought Darin was a new boyfriend, and even asked when he was going
to meet the young man. She'd just smiled noncommittally and told him she didn't
think it was that serious. But in a sense Darin was her first real boyfriend. He
was clearly polyamorous by nature, but she didn't mind. She wasn't the jealous
type, and she didn't think of him in an exclusive sort of way, either, even if
she didn't take advantage of that freedom.

Sometimes, Darin even let her watch his bondage photography sessions with other
women, which was something that she enjoyed almost as much as her own sessions.

After her second commission, and the promise that there would be many more,
Darin bought himself a small house, with a mortgage that wasn't much more than
he was paying for his apartment. It had an unfinished basement that he began
turning it into a dungeon; and every time Sally visited she brought him another
toy for it. Sometimes it was just something small and simple, like a pair of
cuffs or nipple clamps. Other times it was something more elaborate, like a
piece of bondage furniture or a fitted body-harness.

Then one visit he mailed her a copy of his key. She'd called from the airport,
and knew that he would be out when she arrived. That was part of the plan. She
washed the dishes, and started vacuuming the floor; and was just beginning to
suspect that he had devised a clever way to get all his cleaning done when
someone grabbed her around the arms from behind and wrestled her to the floor.
Carefully, he secured her arms and feet. Then he gagged and blindfolded her, so
she wouldn't know what was coming next. There would be no safe words, as they
had agreed. And although she was quite sure it had to be Darin, there was no way
to be absolutely sure, since he was wearing a skiing mask and never spoke.

The uncertainty was as exciting as the things he did to her.

That evening he'd bound her spread eagle to the dining room table and covered
her body in hot wax. Darin always had plenty of lit candles around his apartment
when he was home. He was a bit of a romantic, and liked to light them at the
table whenever they ate in-and by the time he was done, she suspected that Darin
would have to go out and buy more if he wanted to set the mood for their next
meal. The first drop of wax splashed down just between her legs, on the tender
flesh just below her clit. She gasped and arched her back at the unexpected
sensation. He stopped then, having given her just enough of a tease to know what
was coming; and began to cover her breasts with clamps. Then he shaved her
pussy, and began to whip her cleanly shaven mound, more gently at first but
quickly building the intensity until she was screaming into her gag. At last he
stopped, but he was far from done. He began to drip more hot wax on her tender,
red flesh; moving around on her body but always coming back, saturating her
crotch until there wasn't a single patch of skin that wasn't covered.  Then he
began to whip her again, taking the wax back off.

On her next visit they decided to play the same game, but this time Darin
brought along a friend. Together they overpowered her, and bent her over a
chair, her hips resting on the wooden back, her legs spread precariously wide
and bound securely at the ankles and knees. They'd stretched out her arms and
tied them securely to the seat of the chair; then placed clamps on her nipples.
She cried out as they added weights. Then Darin's friend had taken pictures with
a video camera while Darin fucked her doggy style. He'd rammed into her so hard
that the weights bounced, and each time they did she felt little orgasmic waves,
like tiny symbiotic creatures inside her, tugging at her breasts

It was long and eventful. Their best session yet, and Sally knew the video would
be great. She paid Darin's friend, Mark, $300 in exchange for the video, then
asked if he was going to join them again the next time she dropped by.

"I like it," she said, "when Darin can give his total attention to me."

Sally's photo scrapbook was growing. Each time she visited, Darin lead her into
something new-something a little more daring and painful. When she was at home,
she would look at her pictures and watch the videos. It was almost like reliving
the experience all over again. But her favorites was the snuff art that Darin
had done. She didn't bring them out very often. They were large, and she didn't
want them to be seen by anyone else.

In one, she was fatally impaled on a long stake. A thick flow of blood ran down
her legs and a smaller trickle leaked from the corner of her mouth. In another,
she was being electrocuted. Her body was still arched as the electrical currents
ran through her, but it was obvious she wasn't going to survive. Her skin had
already begun to blacken where the electrodes were attached at her nipples, clit
and tongue. Her favorite, however, was the one where she was being fucked from
behind as she hung from a rope. Her violator was a huge, lizard-like creature.
It could easy have supported her weight so that the rope wasn't really a threat
to her life, but instead he had chosen to pull her backwards at a sharp angle;
and it was obvious that each time he pulled her down on his monstrous cock, the
slipknot tightened a little more around her neck. Her wrists were securely tied
behind her back; her legs had been left free and at one time she must have been
kicking frantically at the air, but now she had almost lost consciousness. Her
eyelids had begun to flutter and her legs hardly moved at all.

She could sit and look at that one for hours, masturbating as she imagined what
it would feel like as her air ran out and she became too weak to fight anymore.

Sometimes she would hold her breath for as long as she could. But she knew it
wasn't the same. There was no fear and no pain, and most importantly she could
quite any time she wanted to.

It wasn't enough. She wanted to experience it all.

"Ever seen a real snuff film," she asked as she and Darin were eating their
dinner at the kitchen table, after a vigorous session. Her ass still stung, and
it felt damp where it pressed against the chair.

Darin looked at her thoughtfully for a moment before he spoke. "That shit's
illegal, you know. I mean, the stuff I do in my art, that's a fantasy... and
maybe it's better left that way. When you start talking about the real thing,
you're talking about taking a person's life. And if you get busted trying to buy
it, destroying your own." He laughed then, making a joke of it. "Besides, there
aren't enough beautiful women in the world as it is."

"I'm serious," she said.

He was avoiding her eyes, staring a little too hard at his plate as he rolled
the spaghetti onto his fork. "No, I've never seen one. I've rented those Masks
of Death movies, but that's about it.

	"I'm thinking of making one."

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah, I'm serious."

"Better ask yourself if you think it's worth going to jail for!"

"It's worth fifty thousand dollars to me," she said. "Plus expenses."

He looked at her for a long moment, frowning, and she wondered what was going
through his head. Was he excited? Was he disappointed? Was he thinking it was
time to get rid of this psycho bitch? She was just about ready to laugh and tell
him she was only joking when he nodded. "Alright," he said. "If you're really
set on doing this, there's this guy I know. I've never really seen him, just
someone I meet surfing... but he told me once that he's seen a snuff film for
real. For all I know, he could've been shitting me; or it could have been a
fake. But it was good enough that he's convinced it's for real."

"I don't want him, Darin. I want you to do it."

"Oh, for God's sake!" He pushed back in his chair and stood up. "You can't ask
me to do something like that, Sally."

"I have someone specific in mind," she said. "And you're the only one I can
trust to do it right."

"I can't believe you're talking about actually killing someone."

"One hundred thousand, then. That will give you another fifty to help pay for
Mark and whoever else you want to bring in on this. Mark can work the camera
while you do the actual tying."

Darin looked at her for a long time then shook his head in wonder. "You must
hate this person an awful lot."

Sally smiled. She was starting to have fun with this. "Believe me," she said. "I
want this very badly."

After another moment he sighed and asked her whom she had in mind.

"Me," she said, without as much as a smile.




3

Sally was having second thoughts.

She had been for a long time-even before she felt the padded hand being clasped
over her mouth and breathed in the soporific fumes. Her last thoughts before
falling unconscious into the awaiting arms was to wonder if this nauseating
smell was chloroform; and then to hope that this was really Darin and not
someone else.

She still wasn't completely sure-that was part of the thrill. These men might be
total stranger, with an agenda all their own. The intensity of her fear made it
all the more exciting. Certainly, there were more men than she'd expected, and
she hadn't been able to recognized Darin or Mark's voices, either. But then the
men hadn't spoken more than a few words. They obviously knew what they were
planning to do, and the few gestures they used were enough.

One thing was absolutely certain, beyond all others: she had passed the point of
no return a long time ago. It didn't matter who it was, it was too late now to
make them stop. Even if the ball gag hadn't been there to prevent her from
calling it off, she didn't think they would believe her. She was supposed to be
the frightened victim. No, it was far too late to change her mind now. The
inevitability of it overwhelmed her, her entire body vibrating with the thrill
of it, as if she'd downed a few too many cups of strong coffee.    

Darin had already taken her a lot further during this session than he had during
any of the others. That was exactly what she had asked for, although she hadn't
specified any specific tortures. She preferred to leave that to his discretion,
for it would make it harder to determine if it was really him. And she knew that
he could come up with tortures that she wouldn't have dared suggest on her own.

 But now, her crotch seemed to be on fire as she straddled this horse. She
wouldn't have believed that her own body could feel like such a crushing weight.
It tingled with a feeling of numbness that did little to quiet the pain. She was
long past the point when she'd begun to think she simply could not stand it any
longer. But the session seemed to go on and on. Her body felt battered, both
inside and out. It ached with fatigue and stung where the whips had raised
welts. Muscles she didn't even know she had felt strained, especially the ones
in her pussy that cramped when they'd used the electric currents. And yet, the
fact that she was helpless to prevent whatever they were going to do next was
enough to make her giddy with erotic delight. Her stomach was anxiously
fluttering with nervous butterflies as she breathed heavily around her gag and
waited.

They were lowering the horse again. She had been riding it, on and off, for such
a long time that removing the pressure from between her legs was almost better
than an orgasm: like sitting down after a long day of endless walking and
letting someone massage your feet. It felt good to have the floor beneath her
again.

When they began to untie her hands, she breathed a mental sigh. It meant they
wouldn't be using the horse to hoist her off the floor again. She stepped over
it almost eagerly when one of the men pulled on her nipple chains. She wondered
what they were going to do to her next. Her only stipulation had been that they
couldn't do anything that would cause permanent damage, and nothing that would
be visible when she was wearing normal street clothes.

Darin's expression had been almost comical when she'd told him she was the
intended target of the snuff film she wanted him to make. "I can't do that," he
shouted, becoming so agitated about it that it had taken her a very long time
indeed to make him understand that she didn't actually want to die. She wanted
him to revive her once she was unconscious. "That means you can't kill me in a
violent method."

"What's not violent about dying?"

"Well, I don't actually have to die, I suppose." She put her hand up to her
throat and firmly gripped her own windpipe, wheezing excessively as she sucked
in her next breath of air. Then she smiled. "I just want it to look like I have.
I want the realism of actually loosing consciousness and lying there for a few
seconds. We can make it look longer when we edit. I want this to be a fairly
high-quality production."

"And what if you don't wake up when we try to revive you?"

"Then you don't get the money," she said with a smile.  "Just a snuff-film for
real. That ought to be worth a few thousand on the black market..."

Sally turned to the sound of something scraping across the concrete floor and
saw one of the men pulling something heavy into the light. When she got a good
look at the narrow table he was dragging, she pulled back, causing the chain the
man was holding to tug at her nipple clamps. The table's top surface would come
to about her hips and its surface was covered with short, little needles. They
were no more than a quarter-inch long, but they were plentiful and looked sharp
enough to break her skin. She knew what they wanted from her, and she knew that
eventually they would get it, but she fought as hard as she could.

It took two of the men to force her face down over the table. She tugged at the
ropes that still pinned her elbows to her side, trying to get her hands into a
position to hold her self back. But they batted her hands away easily and forced
her down.

The sharp points pricked at the skin of her belly and breasts, and she tried to
keep as still as possible. Struggling now would only rip at her skin. She felt
the weight of one of the men as he pressed himself down on top of her; forcing
her all the way down on the spiked bed.

It didn't hurt as much as she'd expected. Her skin began to itch, like a hundred
mosquito bites rather than the stab of a half-dozen swords. She could feel
something trickling from at least one of the wounds. Was it blood? Her creme
sweater was already ruined. It would have been even if they hadn't cut holes for
her breasts, but soon it would be soaked with blood as well as sweat.

It no longer took two men to hold her down. One was enough, his hands gripping
her head and the back of her neck, as he pressed her erection closer to her
mouth. She hadn't noticed when he'd taken it out, but now she could smell it:
musty and hot. It pulsed in front of her eyes. Mesmerizing her, like a snake.

Was he going to undo her gag?

She felt a strap being pulled tightly across the small of her back and tightened
down with a buckle at the side of the table. Another strap was pulled across her
shoulder blades. Then she felt hands spreading her legs, tying them to the metal
rings on either side of the table.

The man in front of her was covering his erection with a large, ribbed dildo
harness. It was hollow in the middle, allowing him to slide his length inside;
giving him another half-inch in diameter and a good two extra inches in length,
once he'd strapped it into place.

Only when he began to walk around behind her, did she realize that it wasn't for
her mouth. He had shown it to her so she would know exactly what he was going to
do.

He gripped the cheeks of her ass, forcing them apart. She felt something cool
and greasy, as fingers probed her sphincter. Then the rubber shaft was pressing
against her ass. Involuntarily, her muscles tightened. The shaft pressed harder
and she could feel her hole slowly opening up, stretching well beyond its
design's parameters. And then he was sliding more freely; forcing himself the
rest of the way with one quick, deep thrust. She screamed into her gag, as her
body shook with delightfully intense pain. The shock of his body collided with
hers, caused her to move against the needles. They seemed to rip at her skin,
but she was tightly strapped to the table. There couldn't be much real movement. 

The needles began to tear again as he pulled out of her.

Then he was shoving back inside her again. In-out, in-out. He found a steady
rhythm, using his hands against her hips to help force his way in and out. In
and out.

At first there was only the pain, and she reveled in it; but slowly it began to
mix with a deeper pleasure. She began to breathe a little harder and before long
she was moving her hips to meet each new thrust. Her body was dripping with
sweat. As if they could tell just where the pleasure was coming from, someone
had slipped a finger between her legs and was working her there at the same
time.

It seemed to go on and on, and she didn't even notice the belt as it was slipped
around her neck.

Not until she felt the gentle pressure slowly beginning to block off her air. It
didn't take much, just a gentle twist of the wrist to make her breath come in
labored little wheezes. Another thrust seemed to force the air out of her, and
she couldn't force her lung to fill again. Her head seemed to growing lighter. A
vibrating sensation filled her chest, quickly becoming more erotic as it
intensified; swelling, its center moving down in her body until it was centered
at the focus of her pain and pleasure. Fingers tugged at her clit. The ribbed
dildo was an avalanche washing over her in waves.

Her body went rigid. An incredible new level of pleasure filled her so
completely; so profoundly. All she could see was white. All she could hear was
an ecstatic buzzing: like bugs in her ears. She wished these wonderful feelings
could go on forever.

Then the world began to fade to black.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Trystl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





