BDSM Library - The Collectors Estate




The Collectors Estate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of wealthy men and women from all over North American form a society whose purpose is to collect men and women to serve the society as slaves for the founders' amusement.The Collectors Estate   
by  
BDSM_Tourguide  
Prologue - Origin of the Collectors Estate   
Two years ago, a plan was hatched involving two hundred men and women from
  various alternative lifestyle organizations across the North American continent.
  The men and women were wealthy and somewhat influential in their communities.
  Their wealth and influence would be necessary to see their plan to fruition.  
Over many months, the plan came together. Land was purchased and a structure
  that could only be described as a castle was built on the land. A security
  and custodial staff were hired, selected from the organizations to which the
  two hundred founding members belonged. These people had to be trusted, so no
  corners were cut when they were selected. Only the most loyal were to be hired.
  If there was even a question about the person's character, then that person
  was removed from the hiring list. Officials were bribed to look the other way
  and not bother the members of the group, even though some very suspect activities
  were likely going to be committed by every member of the group. The members
  made sure that enough money and favors were spread around that no matter what
  activities seemed to surround the group, they would be offered complete immunity
  from any scrutiny or prosecution. In fact, even the location of the group's
  castle was selected for convenience. One of the founding members was a high-raking
  official in the prosecutor's office in the area where the castle was located.
  It was this member that was responsible for deciding which cases went in front
  of a grand jury for prosecution. With the castle located where it was, there
  was never any chance of any member there ever facing criminal charges for anything,
  even if one of the bribed officials decided to develop a conscience.  
The land on which the castle was built was located in a large, walled clearing
  in a forested area several miles from the nearest city or dwelling. Anything
  that happened in the castle would stay in the castle. Even if a 'guest' left
  the castle, it was very unlikely that the guest would make it past security,
  over the wall, through the woods and to any inhabited area. The members of
  the group even thought to build two houses, one in either direction, along
  the roadway leading past the castle. These houses were visible enough from
  the roadway to be easily noticed, but still shielded from view by tree and
  hedge so that specific activities inside the houses could not be determined
  without close scrutiny. The houses were located precisely where the members
  of the group wanted them located: On the roadway a couple of miles away from
  the castle, but still a long way from civilization. The houses were occupied
  by volunteer members of the group, so that any 'guest' from the castle seeking
  assistance from the nearest home would easily find these houses and be swiftly
  returned to the castle without taking the chance of the guest making a clean
  escape.  
Once all the preparations were made, the plan was ready to take shape. All
  that was needed were the guests. Of those, there would be plenty. A group of
  mercenaries had been retained by the group to assist in the rounding up and
  selection of guests. The selection process would begin in only a couple of
  weeks and there were still many last minute things for which the group needed
  to prepare.  
The castle was still being furnished. Food service deliveries were still
  scheduled, but had not yet been made. Thousands of dollars worth of bondage
  equipment and torture devices still had to be moved into the rooms. About the
  only things that were ready at the moment were the laundries and the lavatories.  
Seated at his desk, Jonathan Clark watched as another truck delivered furniture
  for the bedchambers. According to the manifest on the desk in front of him,
  this truck carried night tables, lamps and miscellaneous appointments. Several
  deliveries were still scheduled for today, as well as a meeting with a contractor
  and the designer for the golf course that was to be built in the early spring.
  Even though the castle stood on only fifteen acres, the actual property covered
  over two square miles. Plans has already been made to expand the facilities
  to include sporting facilities (for both actual sports and for sport with the
  'guests'), but the estate would open with just the castle and grounds. Eventually,
  the entire grounds would be walled, with the only way in or out being the security
  checkpoint at the end of the long drive to the castle.  
A quiet knock at the door drew Jonathan Clark's attention away from the window.  
"Come!" he beckoned  
The door opened quietly and in walked a completely naked girl. Her head was
  shaved, as were her nether regions. Tattooed on her shaved pubis was the number
  '2'. Even though Jonathan Clark couldn't see them from his position, he knew
  that number was also tattooed on either side of the girls' buttocks. The girl's
  tattoos were red, indicating that she was a volunteer guest at the resort.  
There were two kinds of 'guests' at the castle: Volunteers and recruits.
  Volunteers wore red tattoos and often nothing else. Recruits wore black tattoos.
  Volunteers were members of the alternative lifestyle organizations that had
  established the castle, but not the same sort of members that Jonathan Clark
  was. The volunteers offered their services to the castle of their own free
  will. They could leave the grounds and were trusted members of the group. Recruits
  were at the castle to stay. They were housed at the castle, and their services
  to the group's members were involuntary in most cases.  
In addition to volunteer guests, there were also volunteer members at the
  Estate. Volunteers performed services for the Estate, frequently attended the
  Estate's parties, and were allowed the trappings of basic-level membership.
  It was the volunteer members and volunteer work slaves that provided most of
  the mundane services for the other members. Volunteer members and work slaves
  handled everything from processing to cleaning to butchering and cooking. They
  were essentially the backbone that supported the elite members.  
The girl entered the room, closed the door, and strode a few feet into the
  well-furnished and lavishly carpeted room. She dropped to her knees, opening
  her thighs shoulder width apart and resting her hands on the tops of her thighs,
  palms down. The motion was so fluid that it was obvious that she'd done it
  and rehearsed it so many times, the movements were as second nature to her
  as loading and unloading a weapon were to a trained soldier. The girl looked
  up at Jonathan Clark, a questioning look on her face.  
"Speak, number two." he commanded at once.  
"Sir, the four PM delivery of furnishings has arrived. I have also been instructed
  by Miss Hancock to inform you that the four-fifteen food services delivery
  will be delayed until after five PM. The reason given by the company was excess
  traffic on the freeway out of the city." The girl delivered her report and
  immediately dropped her gaze to the floor before her.  
"Naturally, there's going to be traffic out of the city at four in the afternoon." Jonathan
  Clark said, perhaps a bit irritated. "One would think that a reputable delivery
  service would have their trucks leave early to ensure timely service. Don't
  you think, number two?"  
The girl's gaze immediately snapped up to meet his, and she said, "Yes, Sir." Her
  gaze again fell to the floor as soon as she finished speaking.  
Jonathan Clark picked up a clipboard from his desk and studied it for a moment.
  He said, "Very well, number two. Tell Miss Hancock to expect the delivery of
  the four-fifteen food services to coincide with the five-fifteen delivery of
  bondage paraphernalia. Have Miss Hancock to instruct the staff to take the
  food services delivery at the front door, but have the equipment delivery moved
  to the basement delivery entrance."  
The girl's eyes snapped up from the floor once again to meet his. "Yes, Sir." She
  said crisply.  
"You are dismissed, number two."  
Without another word, she rose to her feet, crossed to the door, opened it,
  exited and closed the door behind her quietly.  
Only two weeks  , Jonathan Clark thought. Hopefully,
      these delays will not continue, and will not prove serious.   
He returned to his desk and watched as the delivery truck was unloaded.  
Part One - The Convention   
The Democratic Association of Businesswomen's National Convention   
Houston, Texas   
3:00PM   
Three unmarked black semi trucks backed into the loading docks at the center
  where the convention was held. The event had been underway since eight that
  morning. Proceedings were the usual drudgery associated with business conferences.
  The convention center floor was lined with booths and stalls, each operated
  by and visited by sharply dressed women in efforts to promote, grow and market
  their businesses and products.  
Outside, four white delivery trucks arrived. From the cargo area of each
  truck emerged twenty men dressed in white. Each man carried a medium-sized
  box in his arms. Into the convention center went the men, each truck's passengers
  entering into a different entrance into the building in an orderly single-file
  line.  
The convention carried on. The three hundred attendees went about their business
  as usual. The mood was light and the business day was nearly over. Many of
  the attendees looked forward to returning to their hotels or homes. Pleasantries
  were exchanged, cards exchanged and information traded.  
In staging areas just inside four separate entrances, four groups of twenty
  men in white opened their boxes. Inside were the tools of their trade. They
  were mercenaries and they were here to recruit for the group now known as The
  Collectors Estate.  
Swiftly and quietly the men emerged from the staging areas. Security and
  administration were neutralized first, then services and concessions were next.
  Two concessions employees, both female, were removed to the back loading area
  where they were to be held pending orders.  
Swiftly and quietly the men entered the convention floor. By ones and twos
  women were directed to the rear wall of the convention area. Escape attempts
  were blocked by guards at every door. The situation for the women was helpless
  and soon all of them were lined up against the rear wall of the convention
  area, their wrists bound behind their back by plastic ties and their mouths
  taped shut with silver duct tape. A detailed sweep of the convention floor
  produced three women hiding in their booths. Like their fellows, these women
  were guided to the rear wall, bound and gagged.  
An all-clear signal was radioed and, in the parking lot, the door of a sleek
  black town car opened. Out stepped a man in a black suit and sunglasses. He
  nodded to one of the men that had assumed the guise of a security guard as
  he entered the front door of the facility. The guard nodded back and resumed
  his vigil for unexpected guests.  
The man in the black suit entered the convention floor area. As he opened
  the door, the barrel of a machine gun swept toward his head. On the other end
  of the barrel was a man's face, now covered by a white mask. The man was dressed
  in a white delivery uniform.  
As soon as the man in white saw the face of the man in black, he lowered
  his weapon and pointed to the rear wall. The man in black nodded and turned
  toward the rear wall, removing his sunglasses as he walked. The man in black
  was tall, about six feet and four inches tall. He had a broad chest and strong
  arms under his tailored business coat. The man's blonde hair was short and
  spiked up with hair-styling gel. He had whipped his slave many times over the
  space of many weeks until she could style his hair properly and exactly every
  time she dressed him. His face was angular and sharp-looking and set with cold,
  grey eyes that seemed to almost literally pierce anything upon which their
  gaze fell.  
He approached the line of women against the wall. They could not see him
  yet, though, as they had been forced against the wall with their backs to the
  room so their wrists could be bound. He walked the length of the line of women,
  his cold eyes looking each one from top to bottom, and seeming to take in every
  curve of their bodies, every sweep of their hair, every thickness of ankle
  and thinness of wrist in a split second. In short order, he reached the end
  of the line of women. He seemed to be looking for something in particular.
  Finally, he seemed to find what he was looking for, and he pulled a woman away
  from the wall. She shrieked behind her tape gag as he dragged her away from
  the wall by her hair.  
"Shut up." He said, and there seemed to be carried in his voice a sense that
  he should be obeyed or the consequences would be dire. The woman fell silent
  at once.  
"Turn them around now." He ordered the mercenaries watching the women. One
  by one, the women were turned around to face the room and the men and woman
  standing before them. The blonde man had some kind of accent, but it was not
  easy to identify.  
The man tore the tape from the lips of the woman standing in front of him.
  He indicated to the mercenary standing near him to cut the bonds holding her
  wrists. The mercenary deftly slashed the simple bit of plastic, freeing the
  woman's hands. She rubbed her wrists and looked at the man, not knowing quite
  what to do.  
"Strip out of your clothing." The man commanded, his piercing eyes looking
  directly into hers.  
"What?" The woman asked, startled. "No!"  
With a barely-perceptible nod, the man indicated the mercenary nearest him
  again. There was a quiet puff  and suddenly the woman
  standing before the man in black fell down at his feet. From the rear wall
  of the room there were muffled screams and shrieks as the mercenary lowered
  his weapon. A couple of the women tried to run only to be forcibly thrown back
  against the wall by others of the mercenaries.  
"You will obey or you will die!" The man shouted in his odd accent at the
  remaining women at the back wall. "If you do exactly as you are told, you may
  live. If you do not..." He indicated the lifeless body of the woman that had
  been shot in the head and was now being dragged away by two men. There was
  no sound as the women watched the body being dragged away. Aside from a couple
  of drops of blood on the carpet, there was no indication the woman had even
  been injured.  
The man in black indicated the woman on the leftmost end of the line. A mercenary
  dragged her forward. She was blonde, obviously not naturally, short and petite.
  She was brought before the man in black. He tore the tape from her mouth.  
"Please!" The woman began to beg.  
"Silence!" The man in black commanded. "You will shut up or die." Instantly,
  the woman was silent, except for her sobs. Her wrists were cut free and she
  was ordered to strip naked.  
Slowly, almost robotic, the woman moved her hand to the button of her business
  jacket. Angry-looking red marks still showed from where her wrists had been
  tightly bound with the plastic strip. She slowly slipped the jacket from her
  shoulders and let it fall to the floor. As it did, she let out a small sob,
  knowing what was to come next. She unbuttoned her blue silk shirt, hesitantly
  letting it slip off her shoulders to the floor, revealing a lacy blue bra underneath.
  With a horrified glance at the man holding the gun on her, she reached behind
  her back and unzipped her black skirt and let it fall to the floor with her
  shirt and jacket. Standing in front of the man in black on the now silent convention
  room floor in front of nearly three hundred women and several strange men,
  the woman looked pleadingly into the man in black's face, but his face was
  stone. His grey eyes penetrated her with a cold, dreadful look that told her
  instantly that she would either comply with his orders or he would have her
  killed just the same as the woman before her. She knew that she didn't matter
  to him. To him, she was barely more than a piece of meat; an animal to be ordered
  and herded, or to be slaughtered if she resisted.  
Knowing any pleas she offered would fall on deaf ears and would very likely
  get her killed, the short blonde woman stepped out of her shoes, pushed her
  stockings to her ankles and stepped out of them. She then removed her bra,
  very slowly letting it fall away from her now naked chest. All that remained
  were her lacy blue panties that matched the bra that was now in the heap of
  clothing at her feet. The man in black offered no sign that she should leave
  them on and he offered no sign of mercy either, so she slipped the panties
  off her hips, what little of them there were, and to the floor with the rest
  of her clothing. She now stood completely naked before the cold gaze of the
  man in black's dead, grey eyes.  
"Step back to the wall. Place your hands behind your back and be quiet." He
  commanded her. Without hesitating, she walked to the wall, clasped her hands
  behind her back and stood silently.  
The man in black now walked down the line of women, speaking loudly and clearly
  as he walked from one end of the line of women to the other end and back again.
  He said, "You will all be unbound and your gags removed now so that each of
  you may remove your clothing. You will do so quickly and quietly. If any of
  you try to beg for mercy, these men will shoot you. If you try to run away,
  these men will shoot you. If you do not remove your clothing quickly and efficiently,
  these men will shoot you."  
He had reached the end of the line of women, and was again standing before
  the now naked blonde woman. He looked at her as he spoke, but he was speaking
  to all of the women and they knew it. He said in his accented voice, "You mean
  nothing to us and are easily replaceable. Cooperate and you may live to see
  another day. Resist and you will die here on this floor. Now! All of you, turn
  around and hold your wrists away from your bodies. These men will cut your
  bonds."  
In unison, the women all turned around and held their hands away from their
  bodies as well as they could. There were muffled sound of sobbing and whimpers
  coming from various women along the line. These sounds were completely ignored
  by the men that were now going from woman to woman down the line. The men cut
  the women's bound wrists and then turned them around and removed the tape gagging
  their mouths. In short moments, the men were finished.  
"Strip completely, all of you," called the man in black. The sobs of the
  women increased in volume as the command was uttered. One woman, whether by
  accident or on purpose, let out a ragged sob of despair that was immediately
  followed by another quiet puff  and she fell to the ground,
  motionless. A small hole directly above her left eye and a drop of blood on
  her forehead were the only indications that she'd even been injured. Two men
  instantly dragged the body away.  
The women, horrified, all removed their clothing as quickly as possible.
  Each garment was dropped on the floor either at the feet of the owner or slightly
  in front of her. As the women undressed, the man in black approached one of
  the mercenaries and said quietly, "Tell your men to start phase two."  
The mercenary said, "Yes sir" and walked toward the convention booths, gesturing
  to some of his men as he walked. The men went booth by booth and stall by stall
  collecting purses, handbags and wallets. Each group of men was soon joined
  by another man holding a sturdy canvas bag into which the bags and wallets
  were deposited. Once a bag was full, another man would take the bagman's place
  and the process continued uninterrupted.  
The man in black had taken from his jacket pocket a red marker and was walking
  the line of women, inspecting each one and marking them. In just a few seconds,
  the man in black could size up a woman. It seemed he was used to this sort
  of thing. He could instantly discern bra size, height, weight almost to the
  kilo and whether or not the women had any surgical enhancements. One woman
  at a time he inspected, first the front and then the rear. He would mark their
  bra size on their breasts and height in centimeters and weight in kilos on
  the back of each of their right shoulders. If a woman had piercings, other
  than her ears, then the piercings were indicated by a red circle. If a woman
  had breast enhancements, then he would circle their breasts and mark and X
  over them. Other enhancements were marked as well. Red marks went on lips,
  cheekbones, even some women's hips and buttocks. Finally, after each woman
  had been inspected, a letter was written on each woman's forehead. Each woman
  was marked with one of the following letters: S, E, A, B, or X.  
After each woman was graded, she was led away by a mercenary to the loading
  dock. There were four men stationed in the dock already. As a woman was led
  into the loading dock, one man took note of the letter on her forehead. Those
  with an S or E were escorted into the cargo area of one truck, those women
  with A or B were placed into another truck, and the women labeled with an X
  were placed in the last truck. Once the woman was led into the appropriate
  truck, she was pushed to her knees and told to stay where she was. One man
  stood guard at the open cargo door of each truck to keep watch on the women
  inside.  
Escape from the trucks was unlikely. Not only did the men watching the trucks
  have machine guns, but the loading area was enclosed. The loading area worked
  like most loading areas work. The actual loading area itself was just a large,
  open room with several bays closed off by large doors that rolled upwards.
  A truck that was to be loaded or unloaded would back up to the door, the door
  would be opened and then the back cargo doors of the semi trailer would be
  opened inward or rolled upward, depending on the design of the truck. In any
  case, trucks were backed up flush with the bay doors. Foam padding even lined
  the outside of each bay to ensure that a flush seal was maintained and that
  trucks were not damaged when they backed to the doors. So, it was impossible
  for the women in the trucks to just jump out and run away, because they would
  just be running right back into the building.  
In just under two and a half hours, all the women were stripped, marked and
  sorted into trucks. The truck doors were closed and the bay doors closed and
  sealed. The mercenaries had removed their masks and stashed their guns in the
  bags that they had placed the women's purse and wallets in earlier. Each mercenary
  walked out of the building loaded himself back into a white delivery truck
  and the trucks were driven away, followed by the semi trucks carrying the nearly
  three hundred bound and gagged women.  
Finished with his work, the man in black put his sunglasses back on, walked
  out of the building, returned to his car and indicated to the driver to continue
  on to their next destination. All that was left of the women were many piles
  of clothing and many, many empty booths and stalls. The convention center was
  empty and deadly quiet.  
The following day, a newspaper ran the following story:  
Slaughter at the Convention Center   
The city is in a state of shock today
      as the bodies of twenty-three people were found slain in the Convention
      Center late last night. The bodies appear to be members of the Convention
      Center security and staff. Along with the bodies of the staff, the bodies
      of two women identified as attendees of   The Democratic Association
      of Businesswomen's National Convention which was being held at
      the Convention Center through tomorrow.   
The bodies were discovered last night
      by the cleaning crew. It appears that all of the dead had received a single
      gunshot wound to the head. When asked for a comment, the Medical Examiner's
      office said that 'death was instantaneous.'   
In addition to the dead, all of the members
      of the convention are missing in what can only be called the largest non-airline-related
      kidnapping in history. When asked to comment on who could have arranged
      and executed this heinous crime, police officials were only able to say, "This
      horrible act could only have been the work of professionals. At this time,
      we are not ruling out the possibility that this is an act of terrorism."   
Among the missing are...   
   
   
The story continued and the mystery lingered.  
Part Two - The Yacht   
   
44  &deg;   10'
      N lat. X 125  &deg;   50'
      W long.   
Approximately 65km off the coast from Newport, Oregon   
The pleasure craft "My Money"   
3:15PM   
As some three hundred or so women were being transported away from a Houston
  convention center in unmarked black semi trucks, approximately 2000km away
  a large boat floated off the coast of the northwestern United States. The boat
  was a yacht; a pleasure craft named 'My Money.' On board the boat, a well-respected
  socialite was hosting an informal party for one hundred fifty of his guests.
  The party was already in full-swing and had been for nearly two days. The guests
  on board the on hundred twenty foot long boat had consumed nearly twenty pounds
  of fine caviar, over six hundred oysters, almost a thousand pounds of shrimp
  and over fifteen cases of the finest champagne.  
No expense had been spared for this party. The host, a man by the name of
  Herbert Warner, was stepping down from his forty year position as CEO of Herbert
  Warner Industries. His two sons, Justin and Jake, both of whom were one the
  yacht for this special party, were now in equal control of the company. Over
  the last day and a half, many toasts had been made to Herbert and to Justin
  and Jake. There was much cajoling in the festive air. The party was a happy
  one.  
Approaching from some miles away were five long, sleek-looking, black boats.
  These boats were affectionately known in nautical circles as "cigarette" boats.
  Each boat was a forty foot long monster with twin 400 horsepower motors, a
  sophisticated global positioning system and ship-to-shore radio. In short,
  these boats were fast, technologically advanced monsters on the water. Each
  boat was also manned by a crew of five men: A pilot and four masked men armed
  with machine guns. Except for one boat, aboard which was also a woman.  
The woman was sharply dressed in an expensive, tailored black business suit
  that was cut to show enough leg to be provocative, but not enough to be unprofessional.
  She wore expensive sunglasses, behind which her eyes were focused squarely
  on her target. Her long, blonde hair was bound back in a simple ponytail and
  was, at the moment, flapping wildly about in the high wind as the boats rocketed
  toward the yacht on the horizon.  
In moments, the cigarette boats swarmed the yacht. The twenty armed men were
  aboard and were systematically rounding up every guest on board; each cigarette
  boat pilot had stayed aboard their own boat to keep them manned and steady
  alongside the yacht. One guest had leaped over the side to escape and had been
  shot dead before he even hit the water.  
Chaos reined and screaming filled the air as guests were hurriedly corralled
  inside the yacht's large ballroom. The staff and crew were also rounded up
  and were taken below decks by a few of the men. Eventually, every guest was
  accounted for, the yacht was brought to full anchor and one of the masked men
  radioed the all-clear to the boat carrying the blonde woman.  
Aboard the black boat, the woman in black had tidied herself up somewhat.
  When the all-clear came in, she was below in the washroom in the hold brushing
  her hair. As soon as the all-clear was called in, she hastily pulled her hair
  back into the simple ponytail she'd been wearing and snapped on her sunglasses.
  She left the hold of the cigarette boat and crossed quickly to the aft boarding
  area of the yacht. Up a short ladder and across the aft deck and she was inside
  the yacht. She proceeded quickly to the main ballroom.  
"Everyone shut up!" She snapped in a clear, sharp voice into the turmoil-filled
  room. The room quieted and eyes turned toward the woman to see who had spoken.
  One furious-looking man came forward through the crowd in the ballroom.  
"Now see here..." he began. The blonde woman reached under her business jacket
  and withdrew an automatic pistol. She hit the man squarely in the nose with
  the butt of the gun. He immediately dropped to his knees and clutched his broken
  nose.  
"No. You see here. You shut up and do as you're told." She looked around
  the room. "That's your only warning," she said. "Any further interruptions
  or protests like this person here, and you will die." She pushed the man backward
  with her foot, which was enclosed in a black leather boot that came to the
  middle of her calf. The man fell backward with little resistance, still holding
  his nose and whimpering slightly.  
A woman bent to help the man and the blonde woman looked at her and said
  sharply, "Leave him." The woman backed away immediately, her eyes fixed on
  the blonde woman's gun.  
"I want all the women against the port side wall and all the men against
  the starboard side wall. Move! Now!" Immediately, the blonde woman and her
  men began separating the men and women and forcing one sex toward the port
  side wall and the other to the starboard side wall. In moments, the guests
  were all separated and standing with their backs to the wood paneled wall.
  Three men kept a watch on the women while the blonde woman and about ten of
  her men focused their attention on the men. The rest of the mercenaries were,
  apparently, in other areas of the yacht.  
The blonde woman quickly walked the line of men, back and forth, visually
  inspecting each of them. Some of the older-looking men, she pulled aside and
  ordered a couple of her men to take them into the hold. Several more men were
  pulled away from the main group and her men were ordered to lock them in cabins
  individually. The man whose nose the blonde woman had broken was taken away
  with this group and held in an individual cabin. The remaining men stood looking
  about nervously, unsure of what just happened or what was about to happen.  
Once her men had returned from their assignments, the blonde woman then crossed
  the room and swiftly inspected the women in the group. As before, several of
  the older women were rounded up and taken to the hold. Several other women
  were taken to individual cabins and held.  
The blonde woman returned to the front of the room and her men took up positions
  watching the guests remaining in the ballroom. In her clear and sharp voice,
  she began to speak quick commands to the people in the room.  
"Strip out of your clothing now. All of you," she held up her hand as some
  began to open their mouths to protest. "If I hear any words of argument from
  any of you, I'll order these men to kill you where you stand. Now, strip out
  of your clothing and do not make me ask again."  
Horror-stricken, many of the guests did not even move. Others tentatively
  began to undo buttons and unclasp dresses. The blonde woman rolled her eyes
  at the noncompliant individuals in the group. She slowly counted to three and
  watched as a few more individuals snapped out of their shocked stupor and began
  to undress. Still, about ten of the guests had not even moved to remove their
  clothing.  
The blonde woman sighed, exasperated. "Shoot them," she said. One by one
  the mercenaries raised their guns, each targeting a person that was not complying
  with the orders given. One by one, there were quiet puffs  and
  one by one the guests that had chosen to not follow the rules dropped to the
  floor, lifeless. The room, of course, exploded into chaos. Women shrieked and
  some men tried to rush from the room. It was all quite futile, of course. The
  men were swiftly returned to their positions and the women were silenced either
  by sharp words or by the barrel of a gun pointed at their heads.  
"Finish!" The woman commanded the people in the room. Slowly, hesitantly,
  the men and women began undressing again. Soon enough, all the guests stood
  naked against each wall, their clothes and jewelry in piles in front of them
  and around them. Many of them tried in vain to cover themselves and hide their
  nudity from the others.  
Rolling her eyes again, the blonde woman walked toward the line of nude men.
  As she approached the first one, she returned her pistol to its holster under
  her jacket and removed a red marker. Quickly and quietly, she walked from man
  to man inspecting and grading them. Occasionally, she would slap a man's hands
  away from his penis as he tried to cover it from view. As she inspected each
  man, she circled or marked any cosmetic enhancements, scars or tattoos. There
  were surprisingly few of them, given the wealth of this particular crowd. The
  blonde woman was fairly surprised with how natural these men were. Once her
  inspection was finished, she marked each man with a letter. She used S, E,
  A and B. She didn't mark any of the men with an X. Any man that would have
  been marked with an X had already been separated from the group and sent to
  the hold below.  
Once every man had been inspected, two of the mercenaries moved down the
  line of men, quickly turning each man around, binding his wrists with thick
  plastic cords and then taping their mouths shut with silver duct tape. The
  men were then all led from the ballroom; there were forty-two men in all. They
  were led up to the deck of the yacht and then down into the cigarette boats.
  Twenty-one men went into each hold. They were ordered to lie down, side-by-side,
  and then they were locked in the dark hold. As each boat was filled, two of
  the mercenaries remained aboard and the boat sped off at top speed toward the
  Oregon coast and no one was the wiser for the content of each boat's hold.  
The process was repeated with the women in the room. Each woman was inspected
  and graded; there were quite a few red marks made on this side of the room,
  though. As before, there were no women marked with the letter X; they had all
  been separated from the group previously and sent below decks into the hold.
  It seemed that, while the men didn't spend their money making themselves look
  younger or fitter, the women were all too happy to spend it for them in vain
  efforts to cheat time. By the time the blonde woman had finished marking all
  the enhancements, her wrist had become quite sore. Afterward, each woman was
  bound and gagged, and then they were all led away and into the holds of two
  of the remaining boats. The boats then sped off with their cargo safety stowed
  away below decks. As before, two gunmen remained on each boat for security.
  The rest remained aboard the yacht.  
That left the blonde woman, twelve mercenaries and the remaining guests in
  the cabins. The woman and six of the remaining men moved from the ballroom
  to the cabins in which the remaining men were being held.  
"Where did you put the informant?" The blonde woman asked one of her men.  
"In the end cabin," the mercenary said, indicating a doorway at the end of
  the hallway.  
"Fetch him first. He's supposed to take care of the remaining recruits," the
  blonde woman said with a wry smile. The mercenary immediately moved to the
  end of the corridor and opened the door. A few words were exchanged between
  the mercenary and the man inside, and then the mercenary moved out of the way
  allowing the man to step out into the corridor.  
"Everything went well, it seems," the man said, approaching the blonde woman.  
"Indeed," she replied. "Everything went perfectly according to plan. There
  were more losses than expected, but it doesn't really matter. We'll have plenty
  of subjects to choose from in the future."  
"Agreed," the man said, taking out a cigarette case, placing a cigarette
  between his lips and lighting it with a gold lighter.  
"Besides," the woman continued. "This 'upper-crust' crowd really isn't my
  type. I'd much rather have just shot them all and taken the yacht and the millions
  in jewels they were wearing."  
"I know," the man said. "But you know we cannot keep the boat or any of the
  jewels here. They're all far too easy to trace if seen or sold."  
"Yes," she agreed with a shrug. "Besides, with what the Collectors Estate
  is paying me, I can afford my own jewels."  
"Right indeed," the man said with a short laugh. "Well, shall we see to the
  rest of our guests?"  
"Yes sir. As you wish," the blonde woman said and motioned to her men to
  fetch the men from their cabins.  
One by one, the doors were opened and the men were brought out into the corridor.
  One of the men, the man in the last cabin in the corridor, was the man whose
  nose the blonde woman had broken earlier.  
"Not him," she ordered the mercenary bringing the man into the corridor. "He
  stays in there for now." The man was immediately ushered back into the cabin
  from which he was previously removed.  
One of the men seemed to recognize the man with which the blonde woman had
  been talking. "Carlyle? Robert Carlyle?" the man being escorted by a mercenary
  asked. "What are you doing with these people?"  
Robert Carlyle, Collectors Estate Member #21, looked at the man with a smirk
  and said, "What can I say, Matthew? I work for the bad guys." Robert Carlyle
  motioned for the mercenaries to take the man away.  
"Can you take care of these men?" the blonde woman asked Carlyle. "I have
  some personal business to take care of."  
"Surely," Carlyle said. "Enjoy yourself."  
"Oh I will," she said with a nasty, angry glint in her eye. "You!" she indicated
  one of the mercenaries. "I'll need your help. Open this cabin." She indicated
  the cabin in which the man whose nose she had broken earlier was kept.  
The mercenary opened the cabin as Robert Carlyle and the five mercenaries
  escorted the remaining men back into the ballroom. As the door was opened,
  the man inside, apparently with some newly-found courage, leapt toward the
  blonde woman in an attempt to force his way past her and make a break for it.
  As the man rushed at her, she swiftly cracked him in the nose once more, this
  time with the palm of her hand. Fresh blood ran from his nose and he crumpled
  to the floor, clutching at the mangled bit of flesh that once resembled his
  nose.  
To the man holding his nose on the floor, the blonde woman said, "I think
  you've caused me just about enough trouble." She turned her head toward the
  mercenary that had entered behind her and had slid the cabin's door closed
  again. "Knife," she demanded. The mercenary quickly produced the sharpened
  and polished carbon steel knife from his side and placed the hilt of it in
  the blonde woman's waiting hand.  
She slid the knife under the man's collar behind his neck. With a swift,
  sure motion, she slid the knife from his collar to his waist. The cloth of
  the shirt parting as the knife sliced through it like butter. She tore and
  cut the shirt off of him, and the repeated the process for his undershirt,
  pants and underwear. She tore the socks and shoes from his feet angrily. The
  man seemed to hardly notice. He put up no resistance and did not attempt to
  fight her. She discovered why once she had cut his underwear off him. The man's
  cock was hard. Despite the broken nose and the embarrassment, his cock had
  still gotten stiff while he was being undressed by this beautiful woman.  
"Aw, look at that," the blonde woman said to no one in particular. "You like
  having your clothes torn off of you by a woman?' She stroked his cock with
  her boot. Inadvertently, his hips moved forward as she moved her foot rhythmically
  along the shaft of his cock. The man cautiously moved his hands away from his
  nose. His bruised eyes were partially closed in his pleasure.  
"Well, let me assure you that this is the most pleasant any of my touches
  will ever be to you," as she said the last word, she pushed his cock to the
  floor with her boot, crushing it and grinding it between the leather of the
  sole of her boot and the polished wood of the cabin floor. The man screamed,
  but his scream quickly turned into a high-pitched squeal, almost as that of
  a little girl. He tried to double over in pain and to cover up his wounded
  privates, but the woman held his cock in place with her boot. The man gasped
  again and squealed loudly again. She stood on his cock with her left foot and
  raised her right foot, bringing the boot down on the man's nose. She ground
  the sole of her boot down on his nose exactly as she had ground the other boot
  down on his cock before. The man gasped again, made a small squeaking sound
  and then he passed out, his body going limp under her feet.  
She turned to the mercenary. "Help me get him onto the bed," the blonde woman
  said to the mercenary. She grabbed hold of the man's legs and the mercenary
  took him under the armpits and together they lifted the man's limp body onto
  the bed. Once he was on the bed, she ordered the mercenary to duct tape the
  man's wrists and ankles to the bed rails. She needed a way to secure his hips
  and head to the bed as well, but was unsure how to accomplish that task. For
  what she had in mind, she needed the man held completely still. He would want
  to squirm and buck a lot, but that would thwart her plans for him if he did.  
In the end, she wound up looping the tape around his forehead and underneath
  his chin and securing the tape to the headboard to hold his head. To hold his
  hips steady, she cut linens into strips and tied them about his upper thighs
  and around his waist, and then pulled the loose end tightly under the bed and
  around the opposite side, finally tying the free ends securely to the wrapping
  used to secure the man. It was more work than she wanted to put into the effort,
  but she had time. She also enjoyed activities like the ones she was about to
  engage, so a few extra moments wasn't going to stand between her and her work.  
Once the man was secured to the bed, she dismissed the mercenary and went
  into the bathroom to run some cold water into one of the plastic cups in the
  cabinet near the sink.  
Meanwhile, the men that had been removed rom the ballroom and locked in cabins
  below decks had all been stripped under the supervision of Robert Carlyle and
  each marked as a 'Special Instructions' package. These men were bound and gagged
  as the ones before them had also been, but they were also blindfolded. A number
  was written on them in red marker before they were taken to the boat. Carlyle
  made a documentation on a notepad he'd picked up, including the mens' numbers
  and the special handling instructions for each man.  
"Okay. Let's go get the women." Carlyle said to the mercenaries with him.  
Robert Carlyle and the mercenaries moved below decks again, this time they
  moved to the cabins into which the blonde woman had secured the women that
  had been separated from the rest of the group. Again, one by one, the cabin
  doors were opened and the women were ushered into the corridor. Almost immediately,
  all of the women recognized Robert Carlyle.  
"Robert?" One of them asked incredulously. "What are you doing here? Why
  are you helping these people to do this to us?"  
"Helping?" He scoffed at the woman, a pretty blonde of about twenty-five
  with smallish breasts and a tiny waist. "My dear, you have it all wrong. These
  men are helping me  to do this to all of you."  
The woman stood shocked, her mouth open, not knowing what to say.  
"Susan," Carlyle began. "What we had together was great. Oh, who am I kidding?
  You were all boring fucks and I enjoyed seducing each and everyone of you right
  out from under your husbands' noses." He grinned as he took note of the shocked
  looks on all their faces. "Look, if those morons you married didn't have the
  sense to pay attention to you, then they deserved to have you seduced away
  from them. It's just their tough luck and yours that I'm the one that happened
  to do the seducing."  
Susan, the smallish blonde, had heard enough. She tried to slap Robert Carlyle
  for his hurtful words, but he caught her wrist and wrenched it behind her back.
  He grabbed her roughly by her hair and spoke, growled, into her ear. His words
  were loud enough for all of the women in the corridor to hear.  
"Listen and listen well, bitch," he began. "You and the rest of these useless,
  worthless cunts are about to undergo some pretty severe life changes. From
  now on, you're not going to be pampered and primping little socialite bitches.
  You're all going to be... Ah, but why give it away. The best part will be seeing
  the look on your faces when it happens to you." He released the woman and turned
  to the mercenaries. "Take them upstairs," he said. "I need to check on something
  very quickly."  
"Yes sir," the mercenary said. He and the rest of the men led the women up
  the stairs and into the ballroom.  
Carlyle, in the meantime, went looking for the blonde woman. The last time
  he'd seen her, she was entering one of the cabins in which one of the men had
  been held prisoner. She had looked quite annoyed about something. Carlyle thought
  he'd check on her and see how she was doing.  
Soon enough, he'd found the door she'd entered and knocked. "Come in. It's
  open," called the voice of the blonde woman from inside. Carlyle opened the
  door just as the blonde woman was coming out of the washroom carrying a cup
  of water and a knife. He saw the man lying tied to the bed and stripped.  
"Having some fun?" Carlyle asked.  
"This is the bastard from before that tried to bully me. He even tried to
  escape. Can you imagine?" The blonde woman said with a tinge of sharpness in
  her voice.  
"So he's in for a rough night then, it seems." Carlyle said, rather matter-of-factly.  
"Yes. You could say that," the blond woman retorted.  
"I'm about to load and send the last boat. I thought you'd want to know," he
  said.  
"Alright. It will take them some time to offload and secure the cargo," she
  said. "I'd say we probably have two hours before pick up."  
"I'd say about that, yes," he said. "I noticed while we were rounding up
  the men that Morgan Tate was missing. Do you know anything about that? He wasn't
  taken below by accident was he?"  
"Tate, Morgan. Fifty, balding grey hair, six feet and one inch tall, blue
  eyes, high cheekbones. I memorized the pictures you gave me," she said. "He
  wasn't here. I don't know why, but he wasn't among the guests.."  
"That's good enough for me. I trust you when you say he wasn't here. I was
  just wondering, because his wife still managed to make it to the party."  
"Maybe she knew you were going to be here and she came even though her husband
  couldn't make it," the blonde woman chided.  
"Perhaps," Carlyle said. "That does sound like something Rebecca Tate would
  do. Oh well. No matter. Her husband will just have to miss out on all the fun
  and excitement of his wife's degradation and torture. A shame really, but an
  acceptable loss."  
"We could always pick him up later," she said.  
"No. No. This will be better," Carlyle said. "This way I can look at him
  in his distress over her disappearance and have fond thoughts of what I know
  has happened to her while I listen to him lament." Carlyle grinned somewhat
  at this reverie. "Anyway, go have your fun. I'll finish up with these women
  and wait for the boat in the lounge."  
"Alright, sir. I will be up when I finish with him," she said, indicating
  the tied, naked man on the bed.  
"Good," he said, walking away from the cabin and lighting another cigarette
  as he ascended the stairs.  
The blonde woman closed the cabin door, eager to begin her recreation.  
Robert Carlyle proceeded to the ballroom. He took personal delight in having
  the women strip out of their clothes, inspecting them in front of these strange
  men and writing up their special instructions. All of these women were bound,
  gagged and blindfolded before being led to the hold of the last boat. Unknown
  to them, they were laid out in the hold opposite each of their husbands, with
  the exception of Rebecca Tate. Carlyle's special handling instructions had
  been given to one of the mercenaries to return with this boat.  
Ten of the mercenaries returned with the last boat, leaving only two men
  with Robert Carlyle and the blonde woman, who was, at the moment, below having
  fun with her latest toy.  
After Carlyle left the blonde woman and her bound plaything, she crossed
  to the small bed to which he was securely restrained. She splashed the cold
  water from the glass she was holding into his face and the man came to with
  a sputtering start. He looked around, somewhat confused, taking in his surrounds
  and his predicament. Seeing himself alone in this room with this slight-looking
  woman and none of those men with guns about gave him some new courage. The
  man instantly tried to take command of the situation.  
"Now see here, young lady," he began. "I demand that you release me at once.
  This charade has gone on quite long enough. I would like to call for medical
  attention for my nose, which I am sure you have broken." To be sure, his nose
  and cock were both throbbing from this woman's abuse, but that wasn't going
  to sway the man from his determination to have himself released and to see
  her jailed for her affronts against him.  
She looked back at him, a rather blase look on her face.  
"Are you quite finished now?" she asked, rather matter-of-factly.  
"What?" the man sputtered. "How dare you..."  
"Shut the fuck up," she said in a stern and commanding voice. "I don't give
  a shit who you are in the 'real world.' It doesn't matter to me one tiny bit;
  you are my little toy for the next couple of hours and you are going to entertain
  me for that amount of time."  
The man again attempted to become indignant with her, but she shushed him
  with a wave of her hand. The fact that the hand she waved happened to be holding
  a very wicked looking carbon steel knife probably helped her position somewhat.  
"You see? In this little world you have just entered, I am in charge. I'm
  the queen bee. I'm the empress of Rome. I am the grand high poobah. You are
  little more to me than some piece of trash to be crushed and disposed of at
  my whim," she had taken on a rather imperious tone. "So, shall we get to our
  fun?"  
"What do you intend to do to me," the man asked nervously.  
"I'm going to cut off your cock and balls and feed them to you," she said,
  again, rather matter-of-factly.  
"What?" the man asked, astonished. "You must be joking."  
"Oh no," she said sitting on the bed next to him, twirling the knife in her
  hand. "I assure you I am not."  
"No!" the man shrieked in his whiny, high-pitched voice. "No! You can't do
  this to me! No!" He tried to free himself from his bonds or struggle, but he
  was tied far too tightly to allow any significant movement. About the only
  thing he could do was to heave his chest up and down and that didn't seem to
  help his position at all.  
The blonde woman smiled at him and said, "Now that's what I like to see.
  Squirm for me, little man."  
He cried out again, pulling futilely at his bonds, but to no avail. He was
  held too tightly to move and could do nothing to defend himself from this knife-wielding
  harlot seated next to him.  
"First, I am going to remove your scrotal sac," she said in a voice that
  was calm and detached, almost like a doctor's voice. "I'm afraid this is rather
  going to hurt a lot. Don't worry though. If you pass out, I'll be delighted
  to wake you so that you don't miss a thing. Do cry out as much as you want,
  though. I should enjoy hearing you scream like a little bitch for my amusement."  
Without another word, she reached between his legs and, moving the man's
  penis out of the way, took hold of the sac of skin covering his testicles.
  Deftly, she began to cut it away from the rest of his body, starting where
  the scrotal sac attaches to the penis and moving slowly and gently around to
  the underside of the sac nearest the man's anus. The skin came away remarkably
  easily, and the man shrieked and screamed all the while the blonde woman separated
  the small sac from the rest of his body. The man's shrieks and helplessness
  coupled with the brutality of the acts which she was about to commit were,
  in fact, making the woman quite aroused. Perhaps she and Carlyle would have
  some fun of their own on the way back to the mainland.  
With another deft, gentle movement of her wrist, the woman made another semi-circular
  cut with the knife and tugged the sac of skin away from his body. She held
  it before the man's face so he could see it. Despite his pain, the man could
  do nothing more than to stare goggle-eyed at his own scrotal sac dangling from
  this woman's fingers right in front of his eyes. Even though the man had stopped
  screaming when she had produced hi sac for his viewing pleasure, his mouth
  was still agape from the shock of what he was seeing. Seizing the opportunity,
  the blonde woman popped the hairy bit of skin into the man's mouth, jammed
  his jaw closed and held what was left of his nose closed so he couldn't breathe.  
"Swallow it or suffocate," the blonde woman commanded. "I really don't care
  either way."  
The man fought for a couple of moments, his face turning a bright shade of
  red from his efforts and the lack of air. Shortly, though, the woman heard
  the soft sound of a gulp as the man swallowed his own scrotal sac.  
"Good boy," she said, releasing him and patting him on the forehead. "That
  wasn't so hard, now was it?"  
"Please stop this," the man said whimpering. "Please let me go."  
"Now, you see?" she said, almost in a motherly tone. "If you had been nice
  to me like this from the beginning, we wouldn't be here right now. Do you see
  what acting like an arrogant ass gets you?"  
The man could not respond. He could not even look away from her scowling
  face as she berated him.  
"Let's move on, shall we?" she asked. "We're getting to the good part now." She
  reached between his legs again, taking his exposed testes in her hand. There
  was very little blood, as no major blood vessels are present in the skin of
  the scrotum.  
"The fun part about this," she said, moving his testicles in her hand as
  she spoke. "Is that your balls are still attached to your body. So anything
  I do to them at this point you will still feel." She gave his testicles a firm
  squeeze just to illustrate her point.  
The man moaned, "Oh god. Please no."  
"You seem to have a pretty healthy set of nuts on you," the blond woman said,
  ignoring his plea. "More than you could handle in one swallow, I'm afraid.
  So I am going to cut them into quarters and feed them to you one bite at a
  time. Ready?"  
"Oh god no!" the man yelled out. "Please stop! No!" He screamed out in terror
  as the blonde woman took a book the previous occupant of this cabin must have
  been reading from the table next to the bed and shoved it between his legs,
  creating a makeshift cutting board for the woman to continue her work.  
Without seeming to notice the man's panicked screams and entreaties to her
  to have mercy, she held one of his testicles in her fingers and, in one quick
  motion, sliced it in half. The man went completely stiff. Screams no longer
  issued from his mouth, only a forced, muted stream of air. He, of course, passed
  out again.  
Undeterred, the woman fetched another glass of water from the small bathroom
  and threw it in the man's face. He woke again, his eyes bleary from shock.
  He seemed almost listless and unaware of his surroundings. He was awake. That
  was all that mattered to the blonde woman.  
Quickly, she held the two halves of his dissected testicle against the book
  and cut each of the two pieces in half again. The man let out sort of a croaking
  moan and his head lolled to one side. Picking up one piece of his testis from
  the book, she forced it into his mouth and held it closed. Reflexively, the
  man swallowed it, his shock-addled brain likely not knowing any better.  
The woman repeated this process with the other piece she had cut. Then she
  cut the remaining two pieces of the testis away from the seminal vesicle. There
  was a spurt of blood as she had to cut through the blood vessel connecting
  the testis to the body, but the blood flow didn't seem too bad. If it got out
  of hand, she would cauterize the wound so he wouldn't bleed to death before
  her torture was finished.  
She fed the man the two pieces of his testicle, one after the other, and
  then she quartered the other one and fed it to him a piece at a time. He passed
  out again after she sliced the second one, but she was patient and after splashing
  three or four more cups of water into his face, she was able to wake him again.  
The man was completely in shock by now. It was doubtful his body would even
  register the pain response anymore, so the blonde woman figured it was nearing
  time to end her fun. She did want him to be somewhat coherent for what would
  happen to him finally, though, so after cutting off his penis and putting it
  in his mouth, taping his mouth closed with duct tape and cauterizing the wound
  with a small butane lighter she kept in her jacket pocket, she waited for some
  of the shock to wear off. A glance at her watch told her that her time was
  running short, and it was unlikely that he would com around anytime soon.  
She sighed, somewhat frustrated that she would not be able to enjoy the end
  of her fun more, but he was an old fellow. She had figured he would have had
  a heart attack or something by the time she was finished with him anyway, so
  her disappointment was not too great.  
She tore another piece of tape from her roll and secured it over the man's
  broken and bruised nostrils, and then she watched as his body desperately strained
  for air that would not come. She looked into his eyes as his face turned from
  red to blue to purple his eyes stared back into hers until, after several great
  lurches, his body gave up and the life drained away from him.  
"Good," the blonde woman said, picking up the knife. She rinsed her hands
  and the knife off in the bathroom sink before leaving the cabin. As she ascended
  the stairs back into the ballroom, she saw the boat to retrieve her and Carlyle
  coming alongside the yacht.  
Walking to the thirty foot cabin cruiser with the two remaining mercenaries
  in tow, the blonde woman said to Carlyle with a half crooked smile, "After
  I shower, I will require your services."  
"Will you now," he asked, somewhat amused. He knew she had tortured the man
  in the cabin to death and that it had ver likely left her in a very aroused
  state. "Should I be worried?"  
"No," she said. "Unless you can't keep that cock of yours hard." She smiled
  at him and boarded the waiting boat.  
Terror on the High Seas!   
The pleasure yacht, My Money was discovered, after being adrift
      for several days in the Pacific Ocean, several hundreds of miles off the
      coast of California. According to sources, the yacht had been the site
      of the retirement party of Herbert Warner Industries CEO, Herbert Warner.
      The bodies of fifty people, thirty-seven guests and a crew of thirteen,
      were found on board. Included in the carnage were wealthy businessman and
      socialite Herbert Warner and his two sons Justin and Jake Warner, who were
      to inherit equal shares in the company after their father's retirement.   
The President of Herbert Warner Industries, Robert Carlyle could
      not be reached for comment at this time. Carlyle is the highest ranking
      company executive and the company will now likely fall into his hands following
      this incident.   
Also among the bodies found on board the My Money were...   
Part Three - Group One Processing   
The Collectors Estate   
The next day   
9:00AM   
Three unmarked black semi trucks backed into a depressed loading area at
  the rear basement entrance of the castle. The trucks had just arrived from
  the recruiting mission at the Convention Center in Houston. The drive did not
  take fifteen hours, but the drivers had been given explicit instructions to
  take his time and to spend the night on the road. The trucks were not expected
  until nine in the morning the following day, so the drivers understood that
  they should not arrive until nine in the morning the following day.  
And now it was nine o'clock in the morning the day after the Convention Center
  had been used to recruit new guests for the Collectors. The trucks had backed
  into the loading area almost the second the clock turned nine. The big rubber
  wheels ground to a halt and the steel frames of the rear of the trailers came
  to rest against the cushioned rubber of the loading dock doors. The trucks
  were turned off and the drivers proceeded inside to have their cargo signed
  for and to receive their payment. Likely, these drivers would receive another
  job at that time as well. The recruitment process was just beginning. More
  guests were expected from other locations over the next week or so and the
  demand for good, reliable, trustworthy workers was high. The fact that the
  money the Collectors paid was exceptional was an added bonus. Not one of these
  drivers would ever open their mouths about the nature of their cargo, their
  point of origin or their destination. The possibility of future business at
  the rate the Collectors were paying was far too great.  
Inside the loading area, six work slaves, male volunteers dressed in white
  t-shirts and blue jeans, opened the large rolling door at the rear of each
  semi trailer. Each door was also under the direct scrutiny of two mercenaries
  armed with sub-machine guns. As soon as the doors were opened, the loading
  area filled with the smell of urine, as many of the women had not been able
  to hold their bladders for the duration of the trip. That was exactly what
  Jonathan Clark had wanted. He'd wanted the degradation of these women to begin
  even before they arrived at the castle.  
As the doors were opened, the men in the loading area could see that the
  women in each trailer had huddled together toward the front of the trailer,
  likely for warmth and support. The day might have been warm, but very likely
  the night in the back of a cold steel trailer was not pleasant. As the doors
  opened, the women blinked in the new light, each trying to adjust their eyes
  and take in their new surroundings.  
Almost as one, the women looked around. They each looked from the work slaves,
  to the men with machine guns behind them to the concrete floor and the cold,
  grey stone walls. Some of them moaned; to these women, it seemed as if the
  open doors of the trucks led into a dungeon. These women would have been right,
  or nearly so anyway. To others, the room combined some vestiges of historical
  architecture with modern technology like the lighting and the loading equipment.
  To others still, the room was hell and all the men in it were demons and devils.
  The sense of hopelessness from each woman was nearly palpable.  
One of the work slaves had walked to the rear of the room, to a telephone
  mounted on the wall near a large, grey aluminum door that slid upward and rolled
  into a grey cylinder above the door itself. The work slave pressed a button
  and waited for a second.  
"Mr. Clark?" the slave asked. After a second, he continued, "You asked to
  be notified when the trucks from Houston were ready to be processed. The cargo
  is waiting for you now, sir."  
After a brief pause, the work slave said into the phone, "Yes sir." After
  hanging up, he turned to the other work slaves in the room and said in a louder
  voice, "Get them out. Mr. Clark will be down shortly."  
Each work slave, including the one that had been talking on the phone, picked
  up a long, yellow cattle prod from a small red rack near the open loading bay
  doors. As one, the women looked at the metal tips of the cattle prods, each
  female body tensed in anticipation of the pain.  
"All of you, get out of the trucks," the work slave that had been on the
  phone shouted so that each woman in each truck could hear. "Walk forward into
  the loading area and kneel on the floor and wait to be processed. If you do
  not comply, you will force us to hurt you."  
For a brief moment, no one in the trailers moved. Then, one by one, women
  began to silently come forward, stepping through puddles of cold urine and
  onto the rough, chilly concrete floor of the loading area. After several moments,
  the floor of the loading area was nearly full of kneeling naked women looking
  anxiously from the cattle prods to the machine guns to the aluminum door, wondering
  who was coming for them.  
To no one's surprise, a few women had remained in the trailers; holdouts
  to the end, it seemed. With deep sighs of annoyance, the works slaves charged
  their cattle prods and walked into the trailers. After several seconds, ominous
  buzzes could be heard from inside each trailer, followed by shrieks and screams
  of pain from several of the women within the trailers. Shortly thereafter,
  many of the women that had remained inside the trailers rushed forward to kneel
  on the floor of the loading area with the rest of the women.  
Still, there were two women that were completely reluctant to come forward.
  One was marked with an X and the other with an S. Despite repeated jabs with
  the cattle prods, both women refused to move out of the trailers. One of the
  work slaves trying to motivate the woman marked with an X made a motion to
  one of the mercenaries. The mercenary raised his gun and a red dot appeared
  on the woman's chest. She saw the dot on her skin and looked out into the room
  to see what was making it. She saw the gun pointed at her and tried to protest,
  but the mercenary raised the barrel of the gun slightly higher and squeezed
  the trigger lightly. All that was heard among the cries of the woman marked
  with an S still being prodded in the other trailer, was a light puff  and
  then the heavy thud of a body falling to the floor of the trailer.  
Many of the women on the floor of the loading area whimpered, a few shrieked,
  but not one of them tried to run. It seemed they had learned very quickly the
  price of reticence and disobedience.  
Meanwhile, in the trailer of the other truck, the woman marked with an S
  had flung herself onto the floor of the truck and had grabbed a small iron
  ring set in the floor of the truck used to secure cargo ties. She clung to
  the ring for dear life, despite the now four work slaves standing over her
  and shocking her with their cattle prods. The woman was nearly covered in sweat
  and her blonde hair clung to her face like wet spider's webbing. Eventually,
  one of the work slaves took the woman by her hair and began to pull her head
  upward. She screamed out at him and when she did, another work slave touched
  his prod briefly to her tongue.  
That was all it took. She let go of the ring immediately and clutched at
  her numb mouth and blistered tongue. The work slave holding her hair dragged
  her from the trailer, through the cold urine on the floor of the trailer and
  out onto the floor of the loading area. The work slave set the woman upright
  on her knees and left her there with all the other women.  
The two work slaves dragged the body of the dead woman deliberately and slowly
  through room so that each woman could see what happened to those that remained
  difficult. The women, almost as one, watched the slaves drag the body of the
  poor woman who had been shot across the room and through a door into another
  stone hallway. The door closed just as Jonathan Clark entered the room.  
Walking next to Jonathan Clark was a lovely-looking blonde woman. She stood
  about six feet tall and wore a short, but professional business skirt outfit.
  Curled in one of her arms was a clipboard, one of the metal ones that could
  be opened and documents kept inside it. On the other side of Jonathan Clark
  was another man. He was short and somewhat stocky with red hair and expensive
  glasses. He, too, was dressed very professionally. In fact, all of the people
  that had entered the room looked as if they's just been to a business meeting.
  They looked imposing, but also distinctly out of place in this setting.  
There was a small, blue receiving desk stationed near the rolling aluminum
  door and it was in front of this that Jonathan Clark stood. The blonde woman
  had moved behind the desk and sat down, and the red-haired man moved into the
  loading area, looking over each woman as an insurance adjuster looks over a
  wrecked car.  
"Greetings," Jonathan Clark said, smiling. All eyes were on him; every naked,
  kneeling woman in the room hanging on his every word as if their lives depended
  on them. "You are all probably wondering why you are here. You are here, because
  each of you has a purpose to serve here." He walked forward and looked down
  at the woman kneeling nearest to him.  
"You see," he began again, looking directly at the women in front of him,
  but speaking to everyone in the room. "It might not seem like it yet, but all
  your lives changed the second each of you stepped out of those trailers."  
Jonathan Clark moved to the next kneeling woman on the floor and looked down
  at her while continuing to speak. "From now on, each of you will serve those
  of us that have built and put together this lovely castle and this organization.
  You will serve us however we see fit," A groan escaped the mouths of many of
  the women on the floor. Jonathan Clark continued, undeterred. "You will serve
  us however we see fit, and if you are disobedient, or if any of you become
  displeasing, we will kill you." At those last words, several of the women broke
  down into tears.  
"Your lives mean nothing to us," Jonathan Clark continued. "Each of you is
  replaceable, each of you is completely expendable, and every one of your lives
  now belong to us. The sooner you all accept your new situation and your new
  surroundings, the easier your time will be here. Many of you will find out
  that death is not the worst that can happen to you. Act unpleasantly enough
  and you will learn what it means to wish you were dead. As I said before, if
  you are disobedient or displeasing we will kill you, but how we do it and how
  much time we take doing it are other matters entirely."  
He turned and walked back to the blue receiving desk near the aluminum door.
  He turned back toward the women and said, "We will now take a count to determine
  how many of you made it here. I would ask that each of you remain very still
  and not to move until you are again told to do so. Stephen?"  
The red-haired man that had been appraising the women began to count heads.
  The women were all still and quiet, not wanting to draw any unwanted attention
  to themselves. After several moments, the man finished his silent count and
  turned to the blonde woman behind the desk.  
"Two hundred eighty-seven," he said.  
"Out of three hundred thirteen. That's not bad," Jonathan Clark said. Then
  to the blonde woman he said, "Call for escorts, please."  
The woman picked up the phone and dialed a number. She spoke briefly to someone
  and said to Jonathan Clark, "They will be here shortly." Her voice was smooth,
  silky, and almost caressed and made love to your ears to hear it.  
"Thank you," Jonathan Clark said. He turned back tot he women and said, "I
  understand that two of you were not member of the convention, but were taken
  from concession areas at the center where we procured you all. Which two are
  you?"  
Slowly, unsteadily, two hands made their way into the air.  
"Stand up and come forward," he commanded. The girls quickly complied, looking
  nervously at the men with machine guns. Soon, they stood before Jonathan Clark's
  impressive frame. "An A and a B?" He looked them over closely, he took one
  of the girls' head in his hands and turned it side to side, examining her ears
  and the shape of her jaw. Both girls were brunette; one wore her hair long
  and down her back nearly to her hips and the other wore her hair shorter, just
  past her shoulders. Neither girl's nether regions were shaved and each had
  a red circle on their navels indicating a piercing.  
"You two were unexpected pleasures," he said to the girls. "Normally, we
  wouldn't take any member of the staff, but one of the men must have seen something
  in the two of you. I cannot help bu to agree with their decision to keep you
  two. The both of you indeed belong here." He indicated two large plastic cages
  of the type normally used to transport large breed dogs. The doors to each
  cage were open and a small woolen blanket was folded on the floor of each cage. "Each
  of you get into a cage. You will be escorted to your first assignment shortly."  
Looking at him and then nervously at one another, the two girls, who were
  in fact sisters, walked to the cages and each crawled into one of them. They
  wrapped themselves in the small blankets as a work slave came forward and closed
  the cage doors and locked the girls inside.  
"The rest of you stand up," Jonathan Clark ordered. One by one, the women
  stood, except for the blonde whose tongue had been blistered by a cattle prod
  for her earlier reticence. She remained sitting on the floor, looking furious.  
"You will all form a single line at the door over there." He pointed to the
  door through which the dead woman's body had been taken. "Some people will
  be here shortly to escort you to the processing area."  
All of the women, except the seated blonde, moved toward the door previously
  indicated. Jonathan Clark noticed the woman and moved to stand directly in
  front of her. He noted the many electrical burns on her body from the cattle
  prods set at maximum charge.  
"Do you have a problem with the instruction you were given?" he asked the
  seated woman.  
"Yes I do," she said, her words slightly distorted by her swollen tongue. "I
  have a problem with being kidnaped, I have a problem with being held naked
  in a cold trailer with dozens of other women I don't even know, I have a problem
  with being tortured by men with cattle prods and held at gunpoint, and I have
  a big fucking problem  with you trying to boss me like
  you're the god of everything." She looked away from him and gave a short huff.  
"I see," Jonathan Clark said. He looked at the letter on her forehead and
  then to her body and her endowments. "An S-class. I'm very sorry to hear you
  feel that way."  
"Yeah? Well so what?" She said angrily. "This is all bullshit anyway. You
  have to know you can't possibly get away with any of this. The police are no
  doubt looking for us already. How long do you think it's going to take them
  to figure out where we are?"  
"Such a wicked tongue," Jonathan Clark said, not answering the woman's question. "And
  such a poor demeanor." He clucked his tongue at the woman. "Such a shame," he
  said almost regretfully. "Oh well. What's done is done."  
He motioned to two of the work slaves, who immediately forward to receive
  his instructions. "Take her to processing and washing and then take her to
  tower number one. If she gives you any trouble, sedate her."  
"Yes sir," the two work slaves responded, immediately dragging the woman
  ungraciously to her feet and practically carrying her out the door. She screamed
  profanities and threats the entire way and could still be heard even after
  the door was closed.  
Shortly, twenty naked female slave entered the loading area through the aluminum
  door. They approached the door near which the new arrivals were lined up. One
  of them opened the door and bade the women to follow her through the doorway.
  Several more men with guns had also arrived in the room. Wordlessly, the women
  followed the naked slave through the door. They were accompanied by the remainder
  of the naked slave girls and the mercenaries that had been keeping a close
  eye on them at all times.  
As soon as the door closed, the blonde woman stood up joyously."Two hundred
  eighty-seven!" She exclaimed ecstatically. "Can you believe that? I can't believe
  we got so many."  
"I know what you mean, "Jonathan Clark said. "I nearly fell over when I saw
  how many were in the room."  
The man with red hair, Stephen Harrison, approached them and said, "The members
  will certainly be pleased with this. There were some concerns that we would
  not be able to procure a significant number of recruits without violence and
  excessive losses."  
"That was my concern as well," Jonathan said. "Who would have known we could
  have gotten so many? If we get these results from all our recruiting missions,
  we're going to have to cut our scheduling by two-thirds."  
"Agreed," the blonde woman, Josephine Hancock, said. "This is a significant
  number of recruits. If we are this successful with all out missions, our kennels
  are going to fill up quickly."  
"I know," Jonathan said. "If we fill them before all the scheduled recruiting
  missions are completed, then we'll cancel the last few missions. Preliminary
  reports from Carlyle indicate the mission on the yacht went well, too."  
"Splendid," Miss Hancock said. "I'm all for filling the kennels quickly.
  It will be much easier to make replacements a few guests at a time than it
  will to continue to take large groups like we're doing now."  
"Indeed," Jonathan said. "We needed these large groups, though, to fill the
  kennels for the official opening. Once they're filled, we won't need to continue
  with large missions like this, unless we have a particular rowdy group or a
  particularly interesting party one evening."  
"I have to admit it to you, Jonathan," Stephen said. "This is a lot more
  fun than I thought it was going to be. I can't wait to get started with some
  of these recruits. A couple of the S-classes are really spectacular. I mean
  modeling agency-type stuff. I never figured we'd find women like that at a
  business convention."  
"Life is filled with little surprises, Stephen," Miss Hancock said. "I guess
  this is just one of them." She smiled wistfully at the thought of the days
  to come.  
"Alright," Jonathan said, breaking up the moment. "Let's get going. We still
  have a lot to do in the next few days." The other two nodded at him. Miss Hancock
  picked up her clipboard and the three of them proceeded toward the door. Jonathan
  stopped long enough to tell the work slaves to clean out the trailers and for
  one to take the cages holding the two brunette sisters to one of the common
  rooms in a membership suite section.  
The three of them strode off down the hall, each of their expectations completely
  blown away by the sheer quantity of flesh that had come out of the trailers.  
Meanwhile, the young blonde woman that had been so rude to Jonathan Clark
  had undergone a quick processing and cleaning and was, at the moment, being
  carried kicking and screaming up a circular flight of stone stairs into a tower
  room six floors above the basement. Truly, she wasn't kicking and screaming
  all that much. The tight manacles she wore on her wrists and ankles that were
  joined by only one link of chain and the wide piece of duct tape she wore over
  her mouth kept kicking and screaming to a minimum.  
Soon, the work slaves carrying the woman came to a heavy wooden door, bound
  with what looked like bands of iron. One of the work slaves had a key and opened
  the door. Inside the room, the young woman saw various implements of torture.
  Immediately, her eyes went wide and her struggles renewed with newly-discovered
  fervor. There wasn't much she could do about her predicament, surely. The manacles
  she wore prevented any real movement; she certainly couldn't run away. She
  might could roll herself down the stairs, but the work slaves holding her firmly
  prevented such thoughts from becoming reality.  
Into the room the woman went, whether she wanted to or not. One of the work
  slaves tossed her to the floor while the other closed and locked the door behind
  them. The work slave that tossed the woman on the floor moved to a rack on
  the wall holding many different kinds of restraints. He selected four heavy
  leather restraints from the wall and moved to an odd-looking stainless steel
  table near the center of the room.  
The table didn't match the room at all. The room looked medieval; the walls
  were stone, the floor was stone, the door was heavy wood and iron bound. It
  literally looked like a torture chamber from a castle of yore. The table, however,
  was stainless steel. The edges of the table were raised and there was a drain
  at one end of the table. The table itself stood on one central metal pedestal.
  The pipe from the drain ran closely along the underside of the table and into
  the pedestal on which the table rested. So, while the room looked very old,
  the table looked very new.  
The work slaves had finished fixing the leather restraints to bolts welded
  to the underside of the raised edges of the table. The two work slaves crossed
  the room to where they'd left the woman lying on the floor. She'd been too
  interested in what they were doing and in looking about the room to even move.
  The two slaves hoisted her up onto the table. One of them held her ankles while
  the other one unlocked the manacles holding them together. As soon as the manacles
  were unlocked, the woman tried to kick away from the man holding her ankles.
  Unfortunately, he was quite prepared for her to do this and he kept a firm
  grip on her as she attempted to struggle. The other work slave, having set
  the manacles on the floor, took one of her ankles in his hands and the slave
  that had been holding her ankles took the other one. They pried her legs apart
  and fastened each of her ankles in a hard leather restraint. The surface of
  the table was only a couple of feet wide, but the chains of the restraints
  were short so her feet were held almost directly against the raised edges of
  the table. The process was repeated with the woman's wrists. They were fastened
  into restraints by her waist, again nearly touching the edges of the table.  
It was done. The work slaves had restrained her to the cold stainless steel
  table. They had left the tape on her mouth so all she could do was to stare
  helplessly upward at the assembly of lights and hoses protruding from the ceiling
  above the table. The work slaves left the room, closing and locking the door
  behind themselves as they went. The woman tried to look after them and tried
  to plead with them, but the table did not face the doorway and the tape on
  her mouth made any effort at speech ridiculous. So, she laid on the table and
  waited in silence. What more could she do?  
A work slave with a forklift had transferred the two cages holding the two
  brunette girls from the concrete floor of the loading area to a large motorized
  handcart. The slave took the controls of the handcart, which looked like miniature
  handlebars, and with a whirring of the battery-powered engine, transported
  the two sisters from the loading area, down a long stone hallway to a large
  freight elevator, from the elevator they turned into a carpeted hallway with
  wood paneled walls, then through a large common area and into a narrower hallway
  off of the common area. Along the way, they passed a few people, none of which
  paid any attention to the works slave or the occupants of the cages he was
  transporting. They had even passed a couple of naked girls wearing only black
  leather collars and carrying silver trays with what seemed to be tea services
  on them. The girls in the cages noticed that the naked women carrying the trays
  had their heads shaved and were tattooed with red numbers on their pussies.
  The slaves carrying the trays paid no notice at all to the cages on the handcart.
  As they walked past, they continued the conversation they were having without
  any pause at all, like this was a completely normal occurrence to them.  
The work slave opened a door along the hallway down which he had driven the
  handcart. He maneuvered the handcart into the room, moving the cages out of
  the way and against one of the walls of the room. The work slave powered off
  the handcart and left the room, closing the varnished wooden door behind him.
  The grated doors of the cages faced into the room, so the girls inside could
  see their new setting.  
The room was a magnificent sitting area. Two plush sofas rested across from
  the girls' cages; one against the same wall as the door through which they
  had entered, the other was against the wall to the right of the door, which
  happened to be the wall across from the cages. In the corner between the couches,
  sat a black metal floor lamp. Two more of the lamps sat in other corners of
  the room as well. The lamps cast soft white light on a lovely cream-colored
  rug one which rested a very sturdy-looking coffee table. The top of the table
  was bare, but it seemed like there were some kinds of protrusions under the
  table top. The girls didn't really have a good enough vantage point to make
  out what they were. The handcart on which their cages rested had raised them
  at least six or eight inches off the floor, so their perspectives were not
  from floor level, but from somewhat above it.  
Also in the room, but mostly unseen to the girls was an entertainment stand
  that housed a large television, DVD player, stereo system and several books.
  The girl's cages had been parked almost directly against the entertainment
  stand so all the could see of the structure was mostly obscured by small slits
  cut into the sides of the cages for ventilation. On the other side of the entertainment
  stand from the cages was a wardrobe of sorts. Inside the wardrobe were various
  restraints, tethers, collars, lead, paddles, riding crops, sex toys and other
  implements for sex and torture.  
The sitting area opened into a dining are and a small kitchen beyond. Two
  doorways led off from either side of the dining area. These doorways opened
  into halls, and off of each hall were four bedrooms. Each bedroom held two
  large beds and could sleep two people, or four if the residents had partners.  
These areas - the bedrooms, kitchen, dining area and sitting room - made
  up what was known as a basic membership suite. There were other kinds of suites
  as well, and many private rooms. Each type of room was given out to different
  levels of membership in the Estate. Presently, most of the basic suites were
  being used to house the mercenary unit that Jonathan Clark had hired to assist
  with recruiting.  
At the moment, two girls sat huddled in dog cages and wrapped in a blanket
  in one of the suite belonging to the men that had taken them from the convention
  center. It was in these cages that the girls awaited their disposition.  
Two hundred eighty-seven women waited in line in a chilly stone hallway outside
  of the large double door that led into the processing area. The twenty naked
  slaves that had been escorting the line of women began to let each woman into
  the processing are one at a time. Any woman marked as an X-class was pulled
  to the side and told to wait against the opposite wall of the hallway.  
The processing area was laid out in four separate stages. Twenty women at
  a time were led into each stage to be processed. The first area in processing
  was a large room with twenty specially-designed chairs. Each chair was somewhat
  similar to a barber's chair, but was also fitted with what appeared to be gynecological
  stirrups. The ceiling in this room was somewhat low, and depending from the
  ceiling above each chair was a hose with a shower sprayer on the end of it.
  Each woman was seated in a chair attended by a clothed work slave wearing latex
  gloves. Near each chair was a small rolling plastic cart with three drawers.
  The topmost drawer in each cart held three straight razors, the second drawer
  contained shaving gel, and the last drawer held lotion. The women were seated,
  twenty at a time, in the chairs, they were told to put their ankles into the
  stirrups, and then they were doused with water from the hoses above each chair.  
The water, it turned out, was warm. This was actually a point that had been
  argued over by the founding members of the Estate for some time before it was
  decided that function took precedence over form. Certainly cold water would
  have added to the discomfort of the recruits, but warm water made it easier
  to epilate their bodies. So, in the end, warm water was used, the recruits
  were given a brief respite from the chill in which they had existed for the
  last day and a half, and the ease of shaving argument won out in the end.  
In moments, the work slaves attending each chair shaved the head of the woman
  in the chair, rubbed shaving gel into the woman's eyebrows and pubic hair,
  if they had any - many of the women were already shaved, as had become the
  fashion over the last few years - and then their eyebrows and pubic areas were
  shaved. Even the women whose pubic areas were already been shaved were given
  the treatment to ensure optimal smoothness. Once the hair was completely removed
  from each woman's head and nether regions, lotion was rubbed on the shaved
  areas to soothe skin discomfort. The women were then removed from the chairs
  and escorted to the second door for phase two of processing while the work
  slaves used push brooms to clean the hair from the floor of the room before
  the next set of women was brought in for shaving.  
Beyond the second door laid a room featuring twenty bare, flat, stainless
  steel tables onto which each woman was told to lie. Near each table was a shorter,
  smaller table with a tattooing station on it. Next to each table sat a volunteer
  member of the Estate on a short metal stool. Each wore latex gloves and each
  held the applicator to a tattooing machine. The volunteer members had each
  been given a set of numbers to use when tattooing the women. Once a volunteer
  tattooed a number onto a woman, he crossed it from his list. In short order,
  each woman had a number tattooed in black on their mons, and then they were
  told to turn over so the same number could be applied to each buttock The numbers
  on the buttocks were not situated directly to the rear, but slightly to either
  side. The effect was created so that no matter from what angle the slave was
  approached, her number could always be read. Once each woman had been tattooed
  with her new identification number, she was led through the third door to the
  next area of processing.  
Processing area three was a simpler area. Basically, it was a hallway with
  the door from area two at one end and the doorway to area four at the other
  end. Standing in the hallway that was area three were two slaves wearing latex
  gloves and standing before two waste baskets. As women were led into area three,
  they were beckoned forward by the two slaves, inspected for red marks on their
  bodies that indicated piercings or cosmetic enhancements. If the two work slaves
  found any piercings, the slaves removed them from the new recruit and tossed
  the jewelry into the waste baskets. The work slaves also made notes on clipboards
  hung on the wall of each woman's number, the bra size that was written on her
  breast, what class each woman was, and the location and type of each cosmetic
  enhancement. If the work slaves did not quite know what type of enhancements
  the recruit had, then they made sure to get detailed information from the recruit.
  The new recruits were then told to go through the next doorway into area four.  
Processing area four was a large, white-tiled shower room with a concrete
  floor. In the floor were set four drains, each four inches in diameter and
  covered by a sturdy metal grilling. The room was warm and steamy as each shower
  nozzle sprayed hot water into the room and onto the floor. Under each shower
  nozzle, bolted into the walls, was a small stainless steel tray holding several
  cakes of green soap. Two volunteer attendants stood at the doorway into and
  the doorway out of the shower room. They instructed each woman to step underneath
  a shower nozzle, wash with the soap in the tray in front of them, and then
  to step out of the shower and proceed to the attendants at the far doorway.
  The soap on the tray was some of the commercially-available soap specifically
  used to remove marker ink from skin. By the time each woman had finished washing,
  the marks left on her body by the man in black the previous day were gone.
  The attendants at the far door inspected each woman as she approached them.
  Any woman that had missed any of the red ink was sent back to the shower and
  instructed to make sure she removed all the ink. Eventually, the showers were
  finished and the women were shown through the final door of processing.  
The final doorway opened into a room where several work slaves and volunteers
  waited for the women to finish their processing. One group of five work slaves
  waited for the first twenty women to finish processing completely before taking
  them out of the doorway leading out of the final room. The work slaves led
  the women wordlessly down a long hallway very much like the one the women had
  been led to go to processing. The hallway ended in a heavy, iron-bound strong-looking
  wooden door. The women were led through the door and into a somewhat largish
  room. Five doors, besides the large wooden door through which they had entered,
  provided additional exits to the large room. There were two doors in each the
  left and the right side walls, and one door directly ahead of the women in
  the wall across from them. The work slaves led the women to the doorway that
  was the first to the left. The women were led down a short hallway that quickly
  turned right and ended in another stout-looking, iron-bound door. One of the
  work slaves used a key and opened this door and the women were escorted through
  it and into a very unusual-looking room.  
The room was only about ten feet wide with an eight foot ceiling, but looked
  to be over a hundred feet long. Along either side of the room were many small
  doors, each only about two feet wide and four feet tall. The doors were made
  of heavy-looking wood and each had a small, barred window set into it and each
  was set with a heavy metal slide bolt on the outside. The thing that made this
  room even more unusual was that there were two rows of these doors on either
  side of the room, one atop the other. The two rows of doors were separated
  by a narrow wooden walkway that was accessible by a short flight of steps at
  intervals between each fifth door.  
One work slave ascended the short set of steps and crouched on the wooden
  walkway near the top, leftmost door. The work slave pulled the slide bolt and
  opened the door. Another of the work slaves pushed the first of the women toward
  the short steps and indicated that she should enter the open door.  
One at a time, women were shown through small doors in this room. It turned
  out there were thirty columns of doors lining each wall of the room, totaling
  one hundred twenty doors, sixty to each side, in this room.  
The doors opened into small stone cells. Each cell was a four foot cube and
  was not large enough to ever let any of the women stretch out or stand to their
  fullest height. In each cell was a blanket which every woman, without fail,
  wrapped about themselves as they had not been allowed to dry themselves after
  their showers and the cooling water on their bodies was making them quite cold
  again in the chill air of the basement. Also in each cell was a simple tin
  pan, presumably to hold food for each woman. This presumption was made all
  the more plausible by the fact that, on closer inspection, each door had a
  small slot in the bottom through which the tin pan could easily be slid. In
  the floor of each cell, near the rear wall, was a hole four inches in diameter.
  The hole angled sharply into a pipe behind the rear wall of each cell. It was
  into this hole, they were told, that they were to dispose of their urine and
  feces. Also, protruding only an inch into each cell was a small, metal tube
  with a metal ball bearing stopper. It was from these tubes, they were also
  informed, that they would take their water. The tube reminded the women of
  the sorts of tubes that hung through the bars of their children's hamster cages.
  To be sure, that was the exact thinking behind the design of the watering tubes.  
The work slaves informed each woman that the blankets in their cells would
  be their only source of warmth in this chilly basement. Their blankets would
  be laundered weekly by work slaves. The women were also informed that the tin
  pan was for their food and that they would be fed three meals a day. Proper
  feeding technique was for each woman to slide her pan through the slit in the
  door and wait for it to be filled with food and slid back inside the door to
  them. The work slaves informed the women, finally, that these were their new
  homes, that the women should get used to them and learn to enjoy their surroundings
  and each others' company. It was very likely all they would ever have again.  
As he left the room, the last work slave out also mentioned that lights out
  was at ten PM every night. After lights out, there was to be no talking. After
  that, the work slave closed and locked the heavy door behind him.  
The women were left alone. Many began to cry, the reality of their situations
  finally beginning to truly set in on them. Others of the women tried to offer
  as much comfort to the distraught women as they could with only their voices
  and a six inch barred window would allow.  
In surprisingly little time, two hundred sixteen women, all new slaves of
  the Collectors Estate, were processed and housed. Of the original two hundred
  eighty-seven, seventy-one of the women had been marked as X-classes and were
  shown to a different area of the castle entirely.  
The heavy, iron-bound door was unlocked and opened and someone, or a couple
  of people by the sound of it, had entered the room. The door was closed again
  and locked. One man came into view off to the blonde woman's right. It was
  that smug bastard that thought he was the master of all he surveyed. The blonde
  woman also heard movement closer to her, from just to her left. As she turned
  her head to see who it was, a pair of strong, firm hands grabbed her head and
  held it tightly. The hands which, as it turned out, were actually attached
  to a very beautiful brunette woman that the blonde woman had not seen previously.  
The blonde woman's head was raised off the surface of the table a couple
  of inches and the man slid some kind of contraption underneath it. She did
  not know what the thing under her head was, but in a few seconds, she felt
  cold metal against the sides of her forehead and jaw. The woman released her
  head, but she found that she could not turn her head at all. Two metal bars
  on either side of her head were keeping her facing forward.  
The man spoke to her. His voice almost seemed like it was laced with regret
  about whatever it was he was about to do to her. He said to her, "I really
  wish you had kept that tongue of yours in your mouth, rather than spouting
  off all that nastiness back in the loading area. I'm afraid the consequences
  of your actions will have to be paid. There's no way around that now."  
The woman handed the man a couple of small objects. The blonde woman on the
  table couldn't make out what they were. The man nodded to the brunette woman
  and the tape was torn painfully from the blonde woman's mouth.  
"Ow!" she exclaimed. Before she could say another word, the woman had her
  by the head again. "Ow!" the blonde woman cried out. The brunette woman was
  forcing the blonde woman's jaws apart. The blonde woman tried to protest, but
  she could not close her mouth enough to form words. All that came out were
  incoherent sounds.  
Once the brunette woman had the blonde woman's mouth open far enough, Jonathan
  Clark forced the two rubber stays between the blonde woman's back teeth. The
  blonde woman's mouth was forced all the way open, painfully so. She tried to
  protest again, but she couldn't make any intelligible sounds.  
The man picked up something off a small table that the brunette woman had
  wheeled closer to the table on which the blonde woman was restrained.  
"I really wish you had kept that tongue of yours in your mouth," he said
  again. "Oh well. Now that won't be an issue." The man's hand came into view
  and the blonde woman could see what he was holding; it was a pair of metal
  tongs. Confusion filled the blonde woman's head. She had no idea what he was
  doing.  
He reached into her mouth with the tongs and grasped her tongue with them,
  pulling it painfully forward. It felt like he was trying to rip it our of her
  head. The man reached over and picked something up off the table with his other
  hand and brought it into the blonde woman's view. The new item was a surgical
  scalpel.  
The blonde woman's eyes immediately went as wide as saucers and her face
  paled with the sudden realization of what he was about to do to her. She tried
  to scream, to turn her head, to pull free of him or her bonds, but it was all
  futile. She was too well secured to move and even if she could scream, who
  would hear her besides uncaring people anyway?  
Slowly and carefully the man's hand holding the scalpel approached her open
  mouth. She tried to scream again, her body shaking with the efforts of her
  struggles against her bonds and the fear of her situation. Suddenly, there
  was an awful pain under her tongue. The pain soon spread further into her mouth
  and she realized the man really was cutting out her tongue. She tried as hard
  as she could to scream again, but she still could muster much more than gurgling
  grunts. Her mouth was filling up with her own blood and now she was not only
  fearful of being butchered by this man, but also of drowning in her own blood.
  The brunette woman dispelled one of the blonde woman's fears. She stuck a small
  hose into the blonde woman's mouth that immediately began sucking the blood
  caused by the slow, steady cutting of the large muscle in the blonde woman's
  mouth.  
On and on it went. The man cut slowly and precisely as the blonde woman was
  held captive in agonizing pain and terror. She was even too panicked to pass
  out. Still, she struggled fruitlessly against her bonds, the muscles and veins
  in her arms and legs standing out in her efforts to free herself from this
  twisted, sadistic maniac at the other end of the scalpel that was causing her
  so much pain. Pain that seemed to go on and on. Every slice of the scalpel
  was a new wave of agony, and the knowledge of what was happening, intensified
  by the inability to prevent it only served to make matters worse for the blonde
  girl on the table. The whole terrifying process seemed to take forever. How
  long could it take to cut out someone's tongue? It seemed the man holding the
  scalpel was intentionally taking his time in an effort to prolong her suffering.  
Before she knew it, he had made the last cut and her tongue came out of her
  mouth dangling in the jaws of the tongs the man held. She could see it hanging
  there loosely flapping about while the brunette woman brought a stainless steel
  specimen pan over to the man. He dropped the blonde woman's tongue into the
  pan with a wet-sounding splat against the metal.  
The blonde woman was in shock. She didn't feel the pain in her mouth anymore
  and her mind couldn't focus on anything except how strange the inside of her
  mouth felt. The man had reached for something else that was on the table, but
  the blonde woman didn't know or care what it was. Her eyes lolled in her head
  and her brain could not focus on anything for more than a second at a time.
  Suddenly, there was a searing, excruciating pain in her mouth and she smelled
  burning flesh. Again she tried to scream, and this time more sound came out
  of her mouth now that her tongue wasn't being held in place by cold steel tongs.
  She struggled even harder at her bonds in this new, searing pain. Her entire
  body was covered in a sheen of sweat and the cords in her neck stood out as
  she tried to turn her head away from the agonized charring in her mouth. The
  leather of the restraints was beginning to cut into her skin, so profound was
  the pressure she was exerting against them. Again her efforts were in vain
  and the searing, scorching pain in her mouth continued on for what seemed like
  hours. She tried again to scream, but every time she tried to draw in a new
  breath to scream again, something acrid filled her lungs, making her choke
  and gag. She saw smoke coming out of her mouth and the man holding a small
  metal thing. Another wave of pain greeted her as the man did something with
  the metal thing in her mouth. She smelled the burning flesh again and this
  time she did pass out.  
The two sisters heard voices in the hallway approaching the door to the room
  in which they'd been left. They had no idea who the people were coming down
  the hall, but they secretly hoped they were coming to this room. The sisters
  were hungry and needed to go to the bathroom really badly.  
The door opened and in walked a man in khaki pants and a black designer t-shirt.
  Another man entered the room behind the first. The second man was black and
  tall. He wore faded blue jeans and a black leather jacket. At first, the two
  men looked somewhat confused by the cages. They bent down and peered inside
  the cages and saw the naked teen girls inside for the first time. Instantly,
  both the mens' faces broke into large, gleeful smiles.  
"Alright!" one of the men shouted and gave the other man a high-five.  
The man in khaki pants was opening the door to one of the cages and the other
  man was dialing a number on his cellular telephone. As the girls were removed
  from the cages, they could hear the black man talking on his cell phone to
  someone on the other end of the line.  
"Dude! You have got to come to our room, man," the black man was saying.
  After a short pause, he said, "Because our hosts left us some presents." There
  was another pause, this one longer, then the black man said, "Look just come
  on over and see for yourself. I promise you won't regret it."  
One of the girls looked at the man in khaki as he took her out of her cage
  and stood her up before him. "Who are you?" she asked shyly. Both of the girls
  still clutched the small blankets about their bodies, trying to have at least
  some modesty among these strange men.  
"Us?" the man in khakis asked. "We just do some work for the people that
  own this place." He knew all too well that he had been on the squad that had
  kidnaped these girls from the convention center. He didn't know who the girls
  were, but he didn't care either. He just knew that they were part of his payment
  and he was going to enjoy this part of the deal.  
The other girl spoke up and asked the man, "May we use your bathroom please?"  
"What?" the man in khaki asked. "Oh sure. Just go through that door right
  there," he pointed to the right hand door that led off from the dining area. "Then
  it's the first door on the right. Just go through the bedroom and you'll see
  the bathroom door to the left."  
"Thanks," the taller of the two girls said. Soon, they had both disappeared
  through the doorway, closing the door behind them.  
The black man looked at the man in khakis and said, "Your weapons are stored
  away, right?"  
"Yeah," the man in khakis said. "They're in a locked case under my bed. Even
  if those girls found the case and knew what it was for, they couldn't get into
  it without a number code and my key."  
"What do you think?" the black man asked. "You think they know who we are?"  
"I don't know" the man in khakis said. "I don't care either. All I know is
  the people that own this place are giving us a couple of pieces of young, sweet
  tail and I'm going to take it."  
"Amen to that, brother," the black man said smiling.  
In the bathroom, the younger of the two sisters had just finished on the
  toilet. The older girl was looking around in the bathroom and bedroom, frantically
  searching for something.  
"What are you looking for?" the younger girl asked, coming into the bedroom
  from the bathroom.  
"A fucking door out of here, or a window, or a gun, or something. I don't
  care what. Just something to get us out of here," the older sister said, rummaging
  in a drawer. "There's nothing here, though."  
"What's going on?" the younger girl asked. "I mean, I know we've been kidnaped
  and all, but they're going to ask for ransom and all, right? I mean, we'll
  be fine once our parents pay for us, right?"  
"Didn't you hear that guy after we were taken off those trucks?" the older
  girl asked her younger sibling. "He said we had a purpose to serve here and
  that if we became displeasing, they'd kill us."  
"Yeah. I heard that," the younger girl said. "I just figured they were trying
  to scare us. You know? To keep us in line until they got their ransom."  
"Maybe so, sis," the older girl said. "But I sure as hell don't want to stick
  around to find out, if I don't have to."  
From out in the hallway came the voice of the man in khakis, "Is everything
  okay in there?" he asked. "Did you find the bathroom alright?"  
"We're fine!" the older sister said back through the door. "We'll be out
  in a minute!"  
There was no response, but the girls heard the hallway door close.  
"Fuck!" the older sister exclaimed in a loud whisper. "We have to get out
  of here."  
"Well, I don't think there's any way out of here," the younger sister said. "Did
  you find any weapons we could use?"  
"No. Not a fucking thing," the older girl said. "Not even a nail file."  
"What do we do?" the younger sister asked.  
"I don't know," the older girl replied. "I guess we go out there and just
  try to deal with this until we can get out of here or until we get paid for."  
"Okay. I guess we don't have a choice," the younger girl said, sighing.  
"It doesn't look like it," the older girl said. She gathered up her blanket
  from where she'd left it on the bedroom floor when she'd gone to the bathroom. "Let's
  go," she said. She had a dreadful feeling about this, though; like they were,
  perhaps, walking into a snake pit.  
Both of the girls wrapped their blankets around themselves and left the bedroom,
  re-entering the dining area through the hallway door. They were a little surprised
  to see that there were now four men in the room. The two men from before, plus
  another big black man and a shorter, wiry-looking Hispanic man.  
"Ah! Our guests have arrived," said the man in khaki. He was sitting on one
  of the couches in the sitting room and drinking a beer. "Come on in here, girls.
  Meet our friends."  
The girls walked forward nervously. "Hello," the younger girl said, her voice
  shaking a little.  
"See?" the black man said. "Didn't I tell you guys the people that owned
  this place knew how to keep us happy?"  
"You said it," the new black man said, his voice was very deep. "Not only
  do they pay well, but they 'pay' well." He laughed and his fellows joined in.  
"Oh god," the older sister said quietly and with deep dread in her voice.  
"What's the matter?" the other girl whispered back.  
" We're  their payment," she hissed at her sister. "We've
  been given to these men as a reward for something." Then a sudden realization
  dawned on her. The way these men looked, the way they carried themselves, their
  whole demeanor was almost militaristic.  
"Oh shit, Jen!" she said in a tense whisper. " They're  the
  ones that kidnaped us. Not those guys in suits we saw after we were taken off
  the trucks."  
"You're almost right," the man in khakis said, startling the two girls. They
  both looked over at him and notice he'd been watching them the whole time.
  His friends turned toward the girls to see what the man meant by his comment.  
"We're the ones that kidnaped you," the man in khakis said, getting up from
  the couch and leaving his beer bottle on the coffee table. "But we did it for
  those guys in suits. They are the ones that paid us to snatch a whole bunch
  of women from that convention center. You girls weren't part of the original
  plan, though. We took you guys, even though they'd ordered all the convention
  staff to be killed."  
The two girls gasped as one.  
"So you see," the man continued his explanation. He was now standing directly
  in front of both of them. "You don't matter to them. They didn't even know
  we'd taken you until we were asked about the discrepancy in the count."  
"Oh god," the older girl said meekly.  
"So, until we get our next assignment, the two of you belong to us," the
  man said, reaching out with his hand and caressing the younger girl's pale
  cheek. "We can do whatever we want with the both of you. I bet we could even
  kill the both of you and those people in the suits wouldn't even care."  
Before the girls could even move, before they could even realize the gravity
  of their situation, before they could even comprehend what was about to happen
  to them, the man in khaki pants reached out and grabbed the both of them tightly
  by the throat and dragged them both, gasping for air, into the sitting room.
  The other three men tore the blankets from the girls' panicked grasps. The
  man in khakis pushed the older girl toward one of the black men and pushed
  the younger girl face-down onto the coffee table. The Hispanic man immediately
  grabbed her hair and held her firmly against the hard wooden surface of the
  table.  
"Oh god, no!" the older girl cried out, but her please were in vain. The
  big black man had his hand around her throat and was forcing her to her knees
  with one hand while unzipping his camouflage pants with the other hand. The
  other black man had moved behind the older girl and was sliding something around
  her neck. Whatever it was, it felt like leather to her. She felt a buckle being
  cinched up at the back of her neck. The big black man raised her face upward
  with his hand, so that she was looking up at his face. His face was full of
  sadistic glee, as if having this young white girl at his mercy made him very
  happy. Something was snapped to the band of leather at the girl's throat and
  she felt a tug. The other black man came into view and she could see, coiled
  in his hand was the end of a leather leash. The other end of the leash was
  apparently what had been snapped to the leather at her neck. Her brain put
  two and two together quickly enough and with added horror she realized she'd
  just been collared and leashed like a dog.  
The larger black man reached into his open fly and pulled out the biggest
  dick the girl had ever seen in her life. The thing was a monster; it had to
  have been ten inches long and looked big around enough to choke a horse. The
  other black man, the one holding her leash, was now unzipping his pants and
  pulling out his dick, too. It wasn't as big as the other man's, but it was
  still huge. It was probably nine inches long and as big around as the other
  man's was.  
"Oh my god," the girl said slowly, her eyes huge at the shock of the two
  monster cocks in front of her face.  
"That's right, little white bitch," the large black man said, shaking his
  dick in her face. "This is your god now. You'll be praying to it before long."  
"Yeah," the other black man said. "But for now, you can suck off the holy
  ghost and swallow our sins." With that, he jerked on the leash, pulling the
  girl forward sharply. She nearly lost her balance and put her hands out to
  catch herself. She wound up with a hand on each man's leg and her face staring
  eye-to-eye with those enormous black cocks. The man holding her leash grabbed
  her by the hair with his free hand and pushed the head of his cock against
  the girl's tightly closed mouth. She made a noise through her closed mouth,
  letting the men know she wasn't opening up for any reason.  
The larger black man brought his hand down and slapped her hard against her
  left cheek. Her head snapped sideways and she looked up at the man, startled,
  her right cheek burning in pain.  
"Suck that dick, bitch!" he snapped at her. "You suck it or we'll beat your
  little white ass to death. You hear me?"  
The older girl started to cry. For the first time since they'd been kidnaped,
  she began to feel totally hopeless. The two black men each took one of her
  hand and put them around their big pricks. She couldn't even close her hands
  all the way around them, they were so big around when they were hard. The man
  holding her leash had his hand in her hair again and was pulling her head forward
  toward his monster cock again. The girl closed her eyes and opened her mouth,
  hoping it would all be over soon.  
From her point of view, the younger girl couldn't see anything except the
  wood grain of the coffee table. The wiry Hispanic man was holding her head
  so hard against the table top, she though he was going to crush her forehead
  and nose. Suddenly, she felt herself being pulled forward by her head. Her
  feet had been on the ground, but now she was pulled completely onto the top
  of the table. Someone had taken a firm grip of one of her ankles and was strapping
  something to it. She heard metal on metal and felt the thing on her ankle tightening,
  almost uncomfortably so. Next, her other ankle was taken and something was
  strapped to it and tightened. When her ankles were released, the girl tried
  to move her legs, but she found that she could only move her feet a few inches.
  Now, her wrist was being grabbed and strapped, too, and then the other one
  was done. The girl couldn't move any of her appendages no more than a couple
  of inches.  
Suddenly, she heard a loud smacking sound and someone, one of the black men
  off to her right said loudly, "Suck that dick, bitch! You suck it or we'll
  beat your little white ass to death! You hear me?" She knew then that something
  terrible was happening to her sister and that, very likely, something terrible
  was going to be happening to her very soon.  
The wiry man let go of her head, so she could turn and see what was going
  on. She saw her sister on her knees in front of the two black men. They were
  taking turns shoving their enormous cocks into her mouth. It looked like every
  time one of them pushed his big, black dick into her mouth that the skin of
  her jaws was going to split open. Both of the black men were watching her with
  evil delight in their eyes as her small mouth and hands tried to fit around
  their huge pricks.  
Suddenly, something cold and slimy was being poured against the younger girls
  butt hole, making her jump and cry out in surprise. She heard a zipper being
  unzipped and a few second later something warm and hard was being moved around
  in the cold, slimy stuff on her butt hole. Then suddenly and without any warning,
  the young girl experienced the most painful thing she'd ever felt in her entire
  life. The warm hard thing was being pushed forcefully into her virgin butt
  hole and it felt as if it was ripping her apart. Her mouth came open at once,
  but she couldn't even scream. The thing invading her rectum hurt so much, she
  couldn't even draw a breath. The thing was withdrawn slightly and then pushed
  into her again, and this time there was more of it and the pain kept increasing.
  All she could do was lie there, her mouth open in a silent cream and her eyes
  squeezed together and tears running down her cheeks. Again the hard object
  was withdrawn from her slightly and again it was forced back into her again
  and again it went into her even farther than the last time. This time, though,
  she heard a satisfied grunt from above and behind her. Now she knew what was
  happening! It dawned on her finally that she was being raped anally. One of
  the men was behind her and was fucking her up her butt. Her eyes shot open
  in surprise in time to see the wiry man getting on his knees in front of the
  coffee table, his cock was in his hand right in front of her face.  
Finally, as the cock in her ass was withdrawn and plunged back into her for
  the fourth time, she screamed. Unfortunately, her scream lasted about a half
  a second, until it was cut off abruptly by the Hispanic man's cock forcing
  itself down her throat.  
The older girl heard her sister scream and then something that sounded like
  a duck being strangled. She looked around to see what was happening. She saw
  her sister lying face-down on the coffee table, leather cuffs at her wrists
  and ankles. The man in khakis was behind her, his pant at his knees, and he
  was raping her sister's asshole. Her sister's body was tensed in pain and her
  face was contorted in agony. The wiry-looking Hispanic man had gotten on his
  knees in front of her sister and had shoved the entire length of his prick
  down her throat, causing the strangling duck sound she'd heard earlier. Both
  men looked like they were in complete ecstacy as they forced their cocks into
  either end of her younger sister. She could see the tears running down her
  sister's cheeks and she knew she must have been in a lot of pain.  
Suddenly, something hard, a fist, was slammed hard into her into her right
  cheek and she heard one of the black men say, "What the fuck are you doing,
  bitch? Get back to sucking."  
Reluctantly, wanting to lend her sister what moral support she could, but
  not wanting to get killed by doing it, she turned back to the two huge black
  dicks in her hands and started sucking one of them again. She'd suck one for
  about ten seconds and then the other man would grab her and force her mouth
  onto his cock while the other man made her jerk him off until he was ready
  for her to start sucking him again a few seconds later. And so it went for
  several moments until, finally, the larger black man gave a loud groan. He
  grabbed her hair and used her head to masturbate himself to an orgasm. His
  long cock dumped was felt like a gallon of bitter, slimy sperm into her mouth.
  She had to fight not to throw up all over him. After what seemed like an age,
  he finished filling up her cheeks with his semen.  
"Swallow it, little slut," he said, looking down at her. "Swallow that black
  cum and tell me how you like it."  
She gulped the man's cum down her throat in one big slimy chink and looked
  up at him and said as believably as she possibly could, "I loved having your
  black cum in my mouth."  
"Oh yeah!" the black man exclaimed excitedly. "You hear that, man?" he asked
  the other black man. "She likes that black cum."  
"Good, because I'm going to give her some more in just a few minutes," he
  said to the larger black man. He looked down at the girl again and said, "Get
  back to work. Now you can pay lots of attention to my big black dick."  
Without another word, the girl opened her mouth as wide as she could and
  sucked his big dick again. As she pumped her mouth over his cock, she also
  pumped her hand on it. She noticed he made more noise when she did this, so
  she assumed it was a good thing and would make him get finished faster.  
In just a few moments, he grunted and shot his thick, bitter sperm in her
  mouth, too. She swallowed it down quickly before it made her puke. She looked
  at him, too, and tod him how much she liked it in her mouth. In part, she actually
  guessed this was true. She'd actually rather have these guys putting their
  big monster dicks in her mouth than she would have them trying to cram them
  into her pussy or asshole. She could just imagine how much that would hurt.
  She'd tried anal sex once when she was a couple of years younger. It had hurt
  like hell and that boy had a little dick compared to the hulks she'd just gotten
  finished sucking.  
The two men put their cocks back in their pants and zipped up, then they
  dragged the girl by the leash to the couch and sat down. They made her kneel
  on the floor between them, directly to the side of the coffee table, so she
  could watch the rape of her younger sister.  
As she watched, both of the men pummeled her sister with their cocks. The
  man in khaki pants savagely rammed his cock into her ass over and over again.
  Each time brought a fresh squeal of pain from the young girl. That is, when
  the girl could squeal. The other man was equally furiously pounding his cock
  down the girl's throat, all the way to the balls. Every time he shoved his
  cock into her throat, she made a small retching sound, but couldn't throw up
  because the man's cock kept forcing her throat closed.  
For several long minutes, the men both pounded away at the young girl's mouth
  and ass. Soon, the Hispanic man tensed and his eyes squeezed shut as he emptied
  his balls directly into the girl's throat. In a small way, her sister felt
  the girl was lucky. At least she didn't have to taste the semen in her mouth.
  The man pulled his softening cock out of her throat and collapsed back on the
  couch behind him. The other man, though, seemed like he wanted to prolong the
  girl's agony. He kept pumping his hard cock in and out of her tight hole, his
  hips making slapping sounds against her thin ass every time he plunged his
  cock into her.  
Now that the Hispanic man's cock wasn't in her throat anymore, the younger
  girl could cry now. She cried the whole time the man behind her forcefully
  violated her butt hole with his hard cock. The tears ran down her face to her
  chin and dripped onto the coffee table as she wept in the pain and degradation
  of what was happening to her.  
As the man continued to rape her virgin ass, she happened to look over at
  the couch next to the coffee table. She saw her sister kneeling naked between
  the two black men. All three of them were watching her being violated. The
  two men looked on with sexually charged interest, but her sister looked on
  with anguish. Here eyes told the tale; she was horror-struck at what was happening
  to her little sister and still could not believe this was their fate. The young
  girl laid her head on the coffee table and looked at her sister's face in its
  mask of anguish. The younger sister continued to cry openly as the man behind
  her finally finished with her. With a satisfied grunt, the man behind the young
  girl came into her ass and withdrew his cock from her as he breathlessly walked
  around to the front of the coffee table. He apparently wasn't quite finished
  with her yet.  
The Hispanic man moved his feet and legs out of the way as the man in khakis
  dropped to his knees near the young girl's head. He was holding his pants in
  one hand, but let them go as he got to his knees. He grabbed the girl by the
  hair and turned her head toward his semi-limp cock covered in his cum and some
  blood from her torn anus.  
"Open your mouth," he said to the girl. She was so mortified that she could
  not help but to obey. Into her mouth his cum and blood-soaked cock went. She
  gagged at first, but soon closed her mouth around it, cleaning off the member
  that had just violated her young, virgin butt hole. Satisfied with her performance,
  then man eventually stood up, pulled up his pants and buttoned and zipped them.
  He walked around behind the girl again, his craving for torment obviously not
  yet fulfilled.  
"Let me see that leash," he said to the black man holding the leather leash.
  The man threw the end of the leash to the man in khaki pants and he jerked
  the older girl to his feet.  
He pointed to the dollop of cum and blood forming in the younger girl's asshole
  and said, "Lick her clean."  
The older girl shook her head. "No," she said. "I can't."  
"You can't?" the man asked incredulously. "What do you mean you can't?"  
"She's my sister," the older girl said morbidly. "I just can't do something
  like that to her."  
The admission that these girls were sisters seemed to go over very well with
  the men. They immediately began plotting all manner of incestuous perversions
  to make the girls perform on one another. It seemed the thought of two teenaged
  sisters getting it on made these men all the more rowdy.  
In the end, the man in khakis wound up pushing the girl's face into her sister's
  ass and making her lick the cum and blood from it. If the girl even showed
  any signs of trepidation, the man would viciously bring his hand down across
  her bare ass in a loud, stinging slap.  
In moments, it was finished. The older sister had cleaned the cum and blood
  out of her younger sister's ass. The man in khaki pants had put the older sister
  back in her cage while the other men unfettered the other girl from the coffee
  table and put her into her cage. The men were at least nice enough to give
  them back their blankets.  
The men drank more beer and watched television for awhile and then they all
  decided to go for dinner in town. As they were about to leave the room, one
  of the men said to another of the men, "When will the rest of the guys be back?"  
The other man, the man in khaki pants, said, "Tomorrow morning, They had
  to visit our supplier for some additional gear for the next mission."  
"Cool," the man said, then he indicated the girls. "What do you think they'll
  think of them?"  
The man in khakis chuckled and said, "I'm more interested in seeing what
  these girls think when they see the rest of the team." Both men laughed and
  then left the room, turning the lights off as they went.  
The room was plunged into darkness, leaving the girls to sob and dwell on
  their misery, each alone in her own little cage.  
"Oh god, Meg, there are more of them," the younger girl said pitifully. "I
  wonder how many more."  
The older girl choked back her tears and said, "If these are the men that
  kidnaped us, then there are dozens of them." She paused for a moment and then
  said again, quietly, "Dozens."  
"Oh god," her sister said again, her voice was filled with dread. "Oh god."  
Jeri Denise Sullivan's eyes fluttered open. Her vision was blurry and she
  couldn't quite get her bearings. Her mouth hurt like hell, as if she'd drunk
  an entire bowl of scalding hot soup and completely blistered the lining of
  her mouth and her tongue.  
Her tongue?  
In a second she was alert, her vision was clear, and she remembered what
  had happened now. The sudden, stunning realization of what had been done to
  her penetrated the haze of shock in which she'd been. Now she remembered what
  happened!  
That bastard had cut out her tongue! His goons had strapped her to that awful
  table in that tower and the smug man and that brunette Viking lady had removed
  her tongue. She couldn't believe it had really happened. In her shock-addled
  brain, it had all seemed like a terrible, terrible dream. Now she knew it was
  real, though. With that knowledge came the realization that these people were
  very, very serious about having their instructions followed with utmost fervor.  
Her mouth hurt like hell and, for some reason, her pussy hurt, too now. She
  was also beginning to realize that she couldn't move her arms or her legs and
  she couldn't close her mouth. What the hell was going on here? She quickly
  took stock of her surroundings.  
She was in a fairly large room that was completely empty, except for her.
  She noticed this room had five doorways exiting from it, but she had no idea
  where each doorway went or what was behind any of them. She was strapped onto
  some kind of device. Looking at her arms and legs, she could see that she was
  strapped to a sturdy wooden frame that formed an X. The X-shaped frame sat
  atop a wooden platform. She couldn't see them from her vantage point, but the
  platform had casters attached to the bottom of it so it could be rolled easily
  from one place to another in the castle without having to remove the person
  strapped to the frame.  
That explained why she couldn't move her arms or legs, but why couldn't she
  close her mouth? She tried to feel around her mouth with her tongue, but realized
  with a new pang of despair that she didn't have a tongue anymore. She tried
  to move her bottom jaw from side to side and was slightly successful. She heard
  her teeth grate against something metal. She wasn't sure what it was, but whatever
  the thing was, it was holding her mouth wide open. A long line of drool had
  begun to dribble out of her mouth, between her breasts and down her belly.  
That explained why she couldn't close her mouth. All that was left to figure
  out was why her pussy hurt so much. She looked down as much as she could, looking
  past where her navel piercing used to be, past her now completely bare mons
  to try and see her labia or what was causing them so much pain.  
Stretching forward, she could make out something depending from her labia
  by two light chains. It looked like a placard or a sign of some kind. She could
  almost make out the words, if only she could bend forward a little more. With
  some significant effort, she managed to lean forward and crane her neck enough
  to see a small whiteboard hanging from the two fine chains depending from her
  labia. With some effort, she was finally able to read the upside down text
  on the sign. It read: "Stay quiet! Follow the rules."  
After a moment of confusion, she suddenly realized that she was being made
  an example of; she was going to be the warning to others not to be like her.
  She almost got it now. Women, or groups of women, would be led through those
  doors and they would see her and they would immediately see what happened to
  'bad girls' around here.  
If it was possible, this knowledge made her feel even worse. Now, every woman
  in this place would see her, would know what happened to her, look at her with
  horror and shock, and turn away from her in their disgust. She was an outcast
  now! She was a shunned, stupid, punished girl, only fit to exist as an example
  to other women. She began to cry. She felt so horrible. Why didn't she just
  listen to those men before? Why did she have to be so stubborn? Why couldn't
  someone else be the example and not her?  
She hung there on her frame and cried, giving in to her pain, her anguish,
  and her despair. She'd brought it all on herself, she knew that. If she'd been
  good, she'd still be able to talk. She'd be good in the future, she promised
  herself. If she lived through this, she'd be really, really good.  
While the other women were being processed and housed, the X-class women
  had been escorted down another hallway, down a flight of stairs and into a
  cold room in a sub-basement. They had been told to wait until they were summoned.  
The room in which the women were kept was made of stone like the other room,
  but the door was made of steel and locked from the outside only. In fact, after
  the women were left here, they were locked in. This room also had to be twenty
  degrees colder than the basement above. All the women were shivering in moments.
  Many held one another to try to share heat.  
After what seemed like hours, the steel door was unlocked and a man stepped
  in and told the women to follow him. The women, their teeth chattering and
  their knees shaking from the cold, followed the man down the stone hallway.
  They had no idea where he was leading them, but anyplace was better than that
  freezing room. To be sure, it wasn't much warmer in the hallway either. It
  seemed this whole sub-basement was kept as cold as a refrigerator.  
As the last woman left the room, three armed men that had been waiting several
  feet down the hallway, towards the stairs, fell in place behind the women.
  One of them stopped briefly to close the door to the cold room and then took
  up his position with the other men following behind the women.  
Along the way, they passed three more steel doors like the ones that looked
  exactly like the door to the room in which they'd been kept. More than one
  woman wondered what the purpose of these cold rooms could be.  
In actuality, the rooms were designed to be used for food storage. There
  were several such rooms in this sub-basement, but at the moment most of them
  were empty, because the number of members and guests currently occupying the
  facilities were minimal. In another hallway similar to the ones down which
  the women were being led were four other rooms exactly like the one in which
  the women had been kept. All of these room had shelves of foodstuffs stored
  on them. Only items that needed refrigeration were stored in these rooms, though.
  Non-perishable items and canned good could easily be kept in any of the pantries
  adjacent to the kitchen area, two floors up from this one. As more rooms for
  cold storage were needed, then work slaves would bring shelves from storage
  and set up the new cold rooms for use. Each of these rooms were specially prepared
  for their use as cold storage rooms. They looked like dungeon rooms, certainly,
  but behind the stone walls, was heavy insulation, and concealed refrigeration
  units were used to keep all the rooms at near-freezing temperatures. Very likely,
  if the women had been left in the cold room for another hour, they would have
  begun to fall into comas from hypothermia.  
At the end of the hallway down which the man was leading the women was a
  door that looked a lot like the doorway to a walk-in cooler. It was heavy,
  metal and thickly insulated. It also opened with one of those very distinct
  pull latches that most coolers seem to use. The man pulled the latch and the
  door swung open and its heavy hinges. He motioned for the women to enter the
  room beyond.  
This room was quite different from the other room and the hallway the women
  had seen. While the cold room and the hallway were built of stone and looked
  like the rooms and halls in castles, this room was more modern-looking. The
  walls were white ceramic tile and looked very clean, almost sanitary. The floor
  and ceiling were bare concrete, and there was a grated drain in the floor.
  Ahead of the women was another heavy cooler-type door, above which was a small
  green light. The man that had led them in here was standing in front of this
  door; the men with guns had stayed outside, keeping guard that no one left
  the room that wasn't supposed to. The first thing the women noticed was that
  this room was freezing cold and fairly small. Once they were all through door
  and the door closed behind them, they were fairly packed in the room like sardines.
  They were all instantly shivering again in the cold air blown into the room
  by the two large stainless steel refrigeration units mounted high up on the
  right and left hand walls.  
The man at the front of the room told the women that he would open the door
  at the front of the room and that ten women would step through the door at
  a time. He told them that once they were through the door they would wait for
  instructions and then follow them without hesitation or the men with guns would
  be called to take care of any problems.  
After that, he swung open the heavy door and motioned the first ten women
  through. As soon as the women were through, he shut the door behind them and
  placed the steel pin through the handle so they could not again be opened,
  except by him.  
Once they were through the door, the women found themselves in a short hallway.
  This hallway, too, was made of white tile and concrete and was just as cold
  and just as sanitary-looking as the room from which they'd just exited. Ahead
  of them, they could see that the hallway turned left and right, forming a T.
  The women padded slowly forward, their bare feet were quite loud against the
  concrete floor of this quiet room.  
As they moved forward, the women saw that there were ten strange holes in
  the wall of the hallway; each hole was about eight inches in diameter, and
  each hole was covered at the moment with wooden panels. Past the holes, at
  each end of the hallway, was another cooler door. Where it led, they were not
  sure. Above each door, a small camera blinked a small red light at the women.
  From a loudspeaker in the ceiling of the hallway, a deep male voice told them
  to approach the holes in the wall. As the women stepped forward toward the
  holes, the coverings over them slid upward. From their vantage point, the women
  could see only another concrete floor beyond the holes in the wall.  
The voice over the loudspeaker told the women to bend forward and put their
  heads in the holes. Fearing reprisals from the men with guns, but still somewhat
  uncertain, each woman tentatively moved forward, bent at the waist and each
  put her head through the hole in the wall. What they saw beyond the holes was
  confusing and a little scary.  
It seemed they were looking into a butcher's shop. Inside the large, cold
  room beyond were several stainless steel tables on which various butchering
  equipment rested. Several men in white butcher's coats were also in the room,
  looking at the women's head poking through the holes.  
Suddenly, the wood panels that had previously been covering the holes slid
  back into place, startling the women and eliciting panicked cries from them.
  Cries that, of course, could not be heard through the thick, insulated, metal
  doors. The panels were actually mounted inside the wall of the hallway that
  faced into the butchering area. Each panel had a curved section along its bottom
  edge that was designed to fit over the back of a human neck. Therefore, when
  each panel slid down again, each woman's head was trapped in the hole and,
  struggle as they might, the women could not free themselves from the entrapping
  of wood and tile.  
From either side of the set of holes, two men approached wearing white butcher's
  coats and carrying pneumatic bolt hammers. Each man placed the action end of
  the hammer against each woman's head and pulled the trigger. The heavy steel
  bolt, powered by high pressure air, plunged forward, crashing through each
  woman's skull and penetrating their brains, killing them instantly. As the
  remainder of the women suddenly understood what was happening to them, they
  began to panic truly. Each woman still living began to cry out loudly and claw
  at the tiled wall, trying in a fruitless effort to pull her head from the hole.
  It made no difference; the outcome was the same for all of them. Two by two,
  the bodies on the other side of the holes in the wall went limp as if they
  were puppets and the puppeteer had cut the strings holding each woman's body.  
After each woman was killed, the doors at either end of the hallway opened
  and in walked the men in white butchers coats. The wooden panels were raised
  again so the men could remove the bodies through the doors at either end of
  the hallway.  
Once the dead were removed, two men entered the hallway carrying hoses with
  sprayers attached. As the women were killed as a result of massive head trauma,
  there was the tendency for them to empty their bladders and bowels as they
  expired. The men with hoses washed all detritus, whether urine, feces or blood,
  into two drains set into the floor. The circulated air from the refrigeration
  dispelled any odor quickly, and in just a moment, the hallway looked as clean
  and sanitary as it did before the women had entered. The entire process, from
  the time the first door was opened to the time the two men with hoses disappeared
  through the doors right and left, was about one minute.  
When the doors at the far end of the hallway had opened, the small green
  light above the door leading from the small holding room into the T-shaped
  hallway had turned red. Now that the doors had been closed again, the light
  changed back to green. This let the man in the holding room know that the hallway
  was ready for another batch of women.  
As the next group of women was brought into the hallway, two men in white
  butchers coats in rooms beyond the doors leading left and right from the hallway
  worked diligently. They placed the feet of the dead women in special metal
  hangers and hung the bodies upside down from various hooks depending from the
  ceiling of the two rooms. Once they were hung, the bodies were gutted; the
  entrails of each woman were allowed to fall into individual large plastic tubs.
  Later, the entrails would be sorted into useful and useless portions. The livers,
  kidneys, intestines, and hearts would all be kept; the rest of the organs would
  be discarded as waste.  
In just over eight minutes, the holding room was empty, the man that had
  led the women into the holding room had joined the butchers in the cleaning
  room, and the mercenaries had left for other duties. The number of women in
  the gutting rooms had increased by just over seven fold, and the number of
  men gutting the bodies had tripled. Each body had to be gutted fairly quickly,
  or else rigor mortis would set in and the meat would turn gamey.  
The hooks depending from the ceiling in the gutting room were mounted on
  a track system depressed into the ceiling. Once each body was gutted, it was
  then moved along the track through another heavy door into the next room. This
  room was called the cleaning room. In the cleaning room, each body was skinned
  and the heads, spines, hands and feet were removed. The bodies, before the
  feet were removed, were taken down from the hooks holding them and were placed
  on stainless steel carts. The carts were dual-layered, so each cart held two
  bodies.  
The first body out of the cleaning room was taken directly into the butchering
  area where one of the butchers immediately went to work carving the meat from
  the bone. He was quite skilled, and not much was wasted. He kept the calves,
  the thighs, the butt, the back straps and the biceps and triceps. He even managed
  to preserve much of the 'wing' meat between the ulna and radius bones in the
  forearms. After the body was stripped, the bones were sent to waste and the
  meat was sent, via a dumbwaiter, up two floor.  
Waste was taken very seriously at the Estate. Butchering waste, for instance,
  was kept in sealed blue plastic tubs in a refrigerated room. The tubs were
  each three feet in height, three feet wide and were four feet long. Each tub,
  when empty, could be placed on a steel cart with wheels on the bottom for easy
  movement. When six such tubs were filled, a disposal truck was called to come
  and remove the waste. The disposal trucks, which were owned by one of the Estate's
  members, were basically smaller, cheaper versions of garbage trucks. When one
  was called to the Estate, a driver would bring the truck to the basement loading
  entrance, the tubs of waste would be placed on the truck, and the truck would
  be driven to a foundry which was also owned by a Collectors member. Everything,
  the truck, tubs, and waste would then be put through a smelter, effectively
  disposing of any and all evidence in one easy step.  
Bodies of recruits that had been killed within the Estate were disposed of
  similarly, except that whole bodies were placed into red tubs, which were slightly
  larger than the blue tubs, measuring four feet in height, four feet in width,
  and six feet in length. The larger size of these tubs was important for the
  accommodation of the whole bodies. Bones and remains were small, generally,
  and took up less room than whole bodies, so the tubs containing only butchered
  remains could be smaller than tubs containing whole bodies.  
Regardless of the color of the tubs, they were all disposed of similarly.
  Other kinds of waste were disposed of differently. Normal garbage and normal
  food waste was compacted and wrapped in plastic in a large machine in another
  area of the basement. Cardboard boxes were put into a bailer, compacted, and
  recycled. The members of the Estate were very environmentally conscious and
  recycled whenever possible.  
The remainder of the carcasses were hung from meat hooks in one of the large
  cold rooms that had been prepared as the carcasses were gutted and cleaned.
  Here, they would be allowed to age and they could be used as needed.  
Thus was the disposition of the X-class girl at the Collectors Estate. These
  women, the ones that were either too fat, too skinny, too short, too unsightly,
  or with major flaws that made them unpleasing as slaves, were killed slaughtered
  and butchered like cattle.  
Three hours later, at six PM, a group of four work slaves served dinner to
  the new recruits in the dormitories. At once, tin pans were pushed through
  slots under the doors, the work slaves pushed heated carts full of stew down
  the length of each dormitory, serving the stew into the pans with large ladles
  and then pushing the tin pans back through the slots under each door.  
The women in the small cells were famished by now and ate well of the hearty
  stew. The meat was a little different than anything they'd had before, but
  they were so starved that they didn't care. Every woman ate every bite she
  was given, most even lapping the thick broth from the bottom of their pan with
  their tongue. No utensils were given to them, obviously, so the women were
  forced to eat with their hands, but none of them seemed to mind as soon as
  they smelled the food through the bars in their doors. Even the vegetarian
  women at the entire pan of food, so desperate for nourishment were they.  
At ten o'clock, it was time for lights out and each woman, their bellies
  full and wrapped in their blankets, eventually drifted off to sleep. Each woman
  tried to make sense of their new predicament, if such was possible, but eventually
  they all succumbed to their need for sleep. Their brains had been overwhelmed
  the last two days and each woman was exhausted from the cold, the stress, and
  finally being fed after having eaten nothing for nearly two full days.  
The first day of processing came to a close. The yields were higher than
  expected, which was good. There had been an extra loss, which was acceptable.
  There had been the need for an example to be made, which was expected.  
The women in the cell dorms were all fed and sleeping, the woman strapped
  to the X frame remained unfed, but had fallen asleep finally, hanging in her
  bonds, and the two teen girls that had been given to the mercenaries for their
  amusement enjoyed more sessions of rapes by the four men before being surreptitiously
  shoved back into their cages for the night, their bodies aching from the repeated
  abuses of the four men.  
Tomorrow, the process would begin again with the recruits taken from the
  yacht, and today's recruits would begin their first real day as slaves of the
  Collectors Estate.  
Part Four - Group Two Processing and Group One Training   
The Collectors Estate   
The next day   
9:00AM   
As had been done the previous day, three unmarked black semi trucks backed
  into the loading docks in the basement of the Estate. In the trailer of the
  first truck were the men selected form the yacht, the second held the women,
  and the third held the men and women marked as special handling and selected
  by Robert Carlyle.  
In fact, Carlyle himself was on hand for this momentous occasion. After all,
  it was he who had leaked the information about the yacht party to the founding
  members of the Collectors, it was he who had gained control of Herbert Warner
  Industries after Herbert and his two sons were killed - intentionally of course
  - during the recruiting process, and it was he who had set up the sexually
  frustrated wives that he had been seducing over the last few years. He had
  a lot at stake in these trucks, but more importantly the opportunity to gloat
  and feel that sweet sense of self-satisfaction was just too hard to pass up.  
The unloading and processing would be handled somewhat differently today.
  One of the trucks held men, and that lent an element of potential physicality
  and unpredictability that was not usually seen in women. Therefore, the men's
  truck would be unloaded first and the men taken to the processing area under
  double the usual guard, and then the women's truck would be unloaded and they
  would be processed, and finally the special handling truck would be unloaded
  and those individuals would be processed separately by gender as well.  
Under the watchful eye of ten mercenaries, each carrying a machine gun, and
  under the supervision of a dozen male work slaves, the first trailer was opened.
  For security purposes, the people that had been taken off the yacht had been
  left bound and gagged with tape. Not only would this make the men easier to
  handle, it kept the snooty, high society snobs from running their mouths as
  soon as the trucks were opened and getting themselves killed for trying to
  take charge of a situation of which there was no taking charge for them. The
  men were herded from the trailer and into the loading area. Each was pushed
  or forced to his knees on the floor to await further instructions.  
Unfortunately, it turned out that they had suffered two fatalities among
  the men during the trip. One man, it seemed, had an allergic reaction to something
  and gone into shock during the trip and died. In actuality, although no one
  actually cared about the cause of death, the man had died from an allergic
  reaction to the adhesive on the duct tape used to gag him. The other man had
  been battling a head cold and had been on decongestant medication at the time
  of the party. Sometime during the trip, his medication had worn off and his
  sinuses had congested again, causing him to suffocate to death. The bodies
  of the two men were unceremoniously dragged from the loading area to be discarded
  in the waste.  
Although Robert Carlyle was in attendance for this event, the actual address
  to the slaves was still left to Jonathan Clark. Jonathan Clark, along with
  Josephine Hancock and Stephen Harrison, had been summoned to the loading area
  to greet the new recruits. He gave almost exactly the same speech to the men
  as he had given to the women the previous day. And then when the second truck
  was unloaded, he gave this set of women the same speech. It was direct and
  to the point, and Jonathan Clark was nothing if not direct and to the point.  
The men were taken off the truck, the speech was given, and then the men
  were sent to processing. After that, the women were taken off of their truck,
  the speech was given again, and then they were taken to processing. The third
  truck was then opened, the bound, gagged and blindfolded men and women were
  led off the truck, they were given the speech even though they couldn't see
  who was speaking to them, and then they, too, were taken to processing.  
As had been done the previous day, the numbers were also counted. After the
  final count was taken, there were forty-seven men and sixty women, but seven
  of the men and eight of the women counted were marked by Robert Carlyle as
  special instructions. The final total was one hundred nine people. Adding that
  to the two hundred fourteen women from yesterday, not including the X-classes,
  the one woman that had been shot for not complying with instructions to leave
  the trailer, and the blonde woman hanging on the frame in the entry area to
  the dormitories, and the final count to date for the Estate was three hundred
  twenty-three people. That was just over half of the expected number of slaves
  needed to properly populate the Estate.  
The processing had to be staggered somewhat so that all the men finished
  before the women were taken through the process. First the men were taken to
  a holding area to be unbound and their gags removed, they were given strict
  instructions to keep their mouths shut and to follow the instructions they
  were given, then the men were taken through processing. They were each shaved,
  tattooed, inspected and documented, showered, and then housed. The women were
  also led into a holding area and their bonds were removed. Once the last group
  of men had gone through the shaving room, the first group of women were escorted
  into it, so the processing was continual and never missed a beat. The is process
  was again repeated for the group of women labeled for special handling, and
  then again for the men in special handling.  
In just under three hours, one hundred nine men and women from aboard the
  yacht had been processed. Most of them had been housed in the same small cells
  as the women the previous day. The ones that had been housed in the dormitories
  were, of course, given all the same instructions as the female recruits were
  given the day before. Naturally, though, the wealthy and powerful people didn't
  care much for having instructions barked at them through bars in small windows,
  but they really had no choice in the matter.  
The fifteen people, seven men and eight women, that had been marked special
  handling by Robert Carlyle were taken into special area of the basement, near
  the main dormitories, called the 'dark rooms.' The dark rooms were similar
  to the cells of the dorms in the aspect that they were each four foot cubes
  with a hose for water, a hole for waste and a heavy door to contain the people
  that were placed into these rooms. However, there were also several differences
  between the dark rooms and the regular cells. The first difference was that
  the dark room were located in the floor of the small room in which they were
  located.  
A thick, heavy, soundproofed door led into a room twelve feet wide and forty
  feet long. The floor of this room was divided into three sections: Two sections,
  running the length of the room, were made up of the four foot wide trapdoor-style
  doors that opened into each small cell. The center section of the floor of
  the room was a four foot wide walkway that ran the length of the room between
  the cell door. When a person was to be put into a dark room, they were led
  down the center aisle between the trapdoors, a door was opened, the person
  was pushed into the room, and the door was closed on top of them. The heavy
  doors of each dark room cell were soundproofed, so communication between cells
  was not possible, nor could any occupant hear anything from the room outside.
  There were no windows in these doors and no food slot. An occupant of a dark
  room cell was fed when that person's door was opened individually and their
  food pan offered to the work slave to fill. The door was then closed to that
  person's cell and the next one opened and the process repeated. The dark rooms
  were specifically designed to literally keep the occupants in the dark. No
  sound could penetrate into or out of the rooms and there were no lights so
  the occupants could see nothing. The dark rooms were most frequently used to
  punish slaves that talked after lights out, but on this occasion, they were
  used to keep the husbands and wives, marked by Robert Carlyle as special handling,
  separated and secret from one another. That was how he wanted them kept until
  the big moment came for each of their surprises, so that is how they were kept.  
As the new recruits were arriving in the three unmarked trucks, the women
  from the previous day's processing were fed breakfast. Each woman was served
  two strips of bacon, - real pork bacon - a helping of eggs, and two pieces
  of toast. Several of the women, the vegetarians among the recruits, complained
  that they did not eat meat or eggs and so the tin pans belonging to each of
  those women were emptied back into the food carts and pushed back through the
  slot under the cell door empty. Those women would go without breakfast on this
  day.  
After breakfast had been served, the women were given an hour to eat, drink
  water and use the bathroom; or the pipe, as the case was. At ten o'clock, work
  slaves entered each of the dormitories housing the nearly three hundred women.
  Each dorm held one hundred twenty people, so the women from the previous day
  had been divided into two of the five dorms. Four work slaves entered the filled
  dorm and four entered the partially-filled dorm. Each pair of work slaves carried
  an interesting length of chain.  
The chain that each pair of slaves carried was thin, but sturdy, and each
  was over sixty feet long. At one foot intervals along each chain, a steel collar
  was welded into the links. Thus, a steel collar formed the front of the chain,
  then a one foot section of thin sturdy chain was welded at one end to the back
  of the first collar and at the other end to the front of the next collar. And
  so the chain was made until, at last, the chain ended in a final steel collar.
  Each collar opened on a hinge, easily allowing slaves to be added or removed
  from the chain without much effort. When the collars were closed about a slave's
  neck, a simple locking mechanism kept the collars closed. The locks could be
  opened with a small metal key. Despite their delicate look, the chain and collars
  were quite capable of holding a man or woman, even under the most intense struggling.  
The pairs of work slave uncoiled each chain and laid each one out neatly
  in a single line on the floor of each long dormitory room. One of the slaves
  in each room informed the women in the cells that they would now be taken out
  of their cells to begin their first day of formal training. The women in the
  cells were instructed to come forward and stand beside a collar in the chain
  as they were released from their cells. They were warned that any acts of noncompliance
  would be met with punishment. Each work slave carried a cattle prod on a loop
  on his belt; this helped to illustrate the point that disobedience would be
  frowned upon most harshly.  
One at a time, each cell door was opened and the naked and shaved women crawled
  from their small cells. They stood as instructed by the work slaves next to
  a collar in each line of chain. The women from the cells located on the right
  side of the room stood next to the collars along the chain laid on the right
  side of the floor, and the women from the left side cells stood in line at
  the left chain.  
After all the women were released from their cells, the work slaves, one
  working from the front of each line of women and one working from the rear
  of each line, began snapping the collars about the necks of the women, forming
  a line of women chained collar to collar. One of the work slaves from each
  line of women took a leather leash from a loop on his belt and snapped the
  clip to the collar of the first woman in each line.  
As there was only a foot between each collar, walking took some getting used
  to for the women in the lines. They quickly found that they each had to step
  with the same foot at the same time or someone would step on the back of the
  heel of the woman in front of her, causing several women to stumble. Ten women
  on one chain fell before they even got out of the dormitory door. The work
  slaves had to use their cattle prods to get the women back on their feet in
  a timely manner. Eventually, though, the problems with walking in the chain
  line were worked out and the women all fell into step, following the lead of
  the work slave holding the leash of their line. The remaining work slave for
  each line followed behind the women to divert any catastrophes from occurring.  
The women were led into the entry room to the dorms; the room with five doors
  leading from it. There, still hanging from her frame, her mouth still held
  open by the retractor and the sign still hanging from her labia, was the woman
  that had been verbally abusive to Jonathan Clark the day before. Many of the
  women gasped when they saw here, others were shocked when they realized her
  tongue had been cut out, and still others could not bring themselves to look
  into the woman's sorrow-filled, regretful face. The message was taken very
  clearly by every woman in the lines, though: 'Behave or this could be you.'  
As each line of slaves was led past the woman hanging on the frame, the work
  slaves leading them would use their cattle prods on the bare mons of the helpless
  woman, or they would touch the metal prongs of the highly charged prods to
  her nipples. Every time one of the work slaves shocked the woman with their
  prods, she uttered a guttural scream that barely even sounded human anymore.
  By the time all the lines of women were led past the woman hung on the frame,
  her nipples and pussy were red and blistered, tears poured down her cheeks,
  and she sobbed in heavy, rasping sobs.  
Later that day, as the men and women from the yacht were being led to their
  housing, they, too, had the chance to see the girl hanging there from the wooden
  frame. Many were appalled at her treatment and others would not even look at
  her, the sight of her so offended their refined sensibilities. Their tale is
  yet to be written, though.  
The lines, as they were called, were taken from the basement to the first
  floor of the Estate. Once the lines were up the stairs to the first floor,
  they were separated, and each line of women was taken to a different room.
  The rooms to which each line of women was led were apparently used for a variety
  of activities.  
The room into which the first line of slaves was led was virtually bare,
  except for a heavy wooden desk and two large, locked wooden cabinets built
  into the richly-paneled wall behind the desk. As the slaves were led into the
  room, they noticed that a seductive-looking blonde woman was seated behind
  the desk. On the desk in front of her was a supple leather riding crop. The
  woman seated at the desk was none other than Collectors Estate Member Number
  Two, Josephine Hancock. After supervising the counts earlier this morning,
  Josephine had gone to her chambers and changed her clothes to something more
  appropriate for the day's activities. She'd arrived here just before eleven
  this morning, knowing that the slaves had been fed and were on their way into
  this room for her special tutorial.  
The line of slaves was led into the room by the two work slaves and, under
  the supervision of Miss Hancock, were instructed to move into the room and
  back against the walls of the room. In a single-file line, there was no way
  the whole line of women would fit into this room, but having the women line
  up against the walls provided entirely enough room for all of the women to
  fit comfortably.  
Once the line of slaves was in position, the two work slaves, one moving
  from the front of the line back and the other moving from the rear of the line
  forward, began to systematically remove the collars from each woman and coil
  the chain on which they'd been led as each woman was released from her collar.
  As each woman was released, she was told to stand with her back against the
  wall and the palms of her hands pressed against the wall. Fearing reprisals,
  every woman obeyed as ordered without complaint.  
Josephine Hancock stood and crossed to the door of the room. She wore a loose
  black silk blouse, a tight black leather skirt and black leather boots. Her
  shirt was open enough to reveal her pale skin beneath, but not open enough
  to be tasteless. The hem of skirt she wore ended at her knees, but was slit
  on the left side to lust below the middle of the thigh, giving her ease of
  movement, but also revealing the lines of her legs and the curve of her buttocks.
  Her boots were knee-high and laced all the way up the front. The boots ended
  in a four inch heel, making Miss Hancock stand at just over six feet tall.
  She closed the door and turned to the slaves as the last of the collars were
  being removed. She moved to the center of the room, looking over every naked
  body, every shaved head, and every eyebrow-less face.  
"My name is Miss Hancock," Josephine said. "This is how each one of you shall
  address me when you see me. If any of you ever forget that," She raised the
  riding crop in her hand. "Then I have ways of making a very impressionable
  reminder."  
She moved to the first woman in the line, looking at the slave from head
  to toe. The slave was a young woman, probably twenty-three, she was shorter
  than Miss Hancock by almost a head, she had good-sized breasts that were quite
  firm with perky red nipples that stood erect from the effects of the chill
  air of the basement. Miss Hancock moved her eyes from the slave's face, letting
  her eyes wander obviously over the slave's firm breasts, down to her shaved,
  naked pubis, and even further down to her legs and feet. The slave only stood
  there, unable to take her eyes off of Josephine Hancock despite the woman's
  obvious ogling of her body.  
As Miss Hancock moved on to the next woman in the line, she began to speak
  again in her silken voice. She said, "Today, each of you will learn some very
  basic instructions. You will learn how to kneel, you will learn how to crawl,
  how to walk properly, and a variety of positions that every one of you, to
  the last, will be expected to repeat at any given moment."  
As she spoke, she continued to move down the line of women, her eyes moving
  over each naked body, almost as if she was imagining the tortures she would
  later lavish upon each naked morsel and each bare inch of exposed flesh. She
  continued, saying, "I assure you that before each of you leave this room you
  will know these positions and postures by heart. I can also assure you that
  if you go out into the Estate and fail to perform these positions and postures
  as you are instructed here today, then you will make me look badly in the eyes
  of my peers. Trust me when I tell all of you that making Miss Hancock look
  badly will be very, very bad for the offender."  
It was as Miss Hancock was passing near the middle of the line of slaves
  that one of the slaves made her first mistake. Miss Hancock had stopped in
  front of the woman and was examining her as she had examined each of the women
  before her. The woman was shorter than Josephine by about six inches and was
  a little plump but not enough to mark her as an X-class. She had large, round
  breasts that had to be double D-cups at the very least. She also had, as Josephine
  Hancock was slightly amused to notice, a birthmark on the front of her freshly'
  shaved mons. Her mons, Josephine also noticed, was covered in red bumps, indicating
  this woman did not ever shave her pubic hair, or if she did it was not very
  often. Josephine figured the woman was probably self-conscious of the birthmark.
  So, while she was examining the woman, she let her eyes linger on the birthmark
  for longer than usual.  
Exactly as Josephine had planned, the woman moved her hands from the wall
  to cover her naked pubis. Before the woman even knew what happened, Josephine
  struck. In one quick slash, she struck the woman directly across both of her
  large breasts with the riding crop she carried. Instantly, the woman screamed
  out and brought her hands up to protect her breasts from further harm. Josephine,
  having anticipated this, slashed out with the crop again, this time striking
  the woman across her ample hips and pubis. The woman cried out again and moved
  her hands to protect her stinging nether region. When she moved her hands,
  the mark from the crop, a red welt across both the woman's breasts right above
  the nipples, was visible to every woman in the room. Again the woman screamed
  and covered her breasts with her hands.  
Josephine placed the tip of the crop under the woman's chin and raised the
  woman's eyes to meet her own. The woman had tears in her eyes from the pain
  brought by the stinging of the riding crop. The pain was evidenced by the angry
  red welt across the front of the woman's hips.  
"Listen to me," Miss Hancock said. Her voice was low, almost a whisper. "You
  keep your hands against the wall or I will beat you until every inch of you
  is purple. Do you understand me?"The woman nodded, terrified.  
Josephine took one step back from the woman and, in a motion that was so
  quick it could barely be seen, swung the crop in a hard backhand slap against
  the woman's right cheek. The woman cried out and grabbed her face with her
  hands. She bent over to keep Josephine from hitting her breasts again and she
  began to really cry now from the pain.  
"I asked you if you understood me, slave!" Miss Hancock hissed at the woman.
  Her voice had gone from smooth silk ecstacy to chilling daggers of anger in
  the space of about one second.  
"I understand you!" the woman cried out between sobs.  
Josephine raised her arm and brought the riding crop down squarely between
  the woman's shoulder blades. The woman cried out again, her sobs amplified
  by the new pain, and fell to her knees. Josephine let the woman remain there
  for a few seconds, hunched like a turtle on her knees, a red stinging welt
  rising across her back, while she admired the pain the slave was in.  
"I don't think you heard me correctly, slave," Miss Hancock hissed again. "Do
  you understand the instructions you were given or not?"  
The woman sobbed on the floor on her knees in front of Miss Hancock for several
  more seconds before she was finally able to answer, "Yes, Miss Hancock. I understood
  you." The words barely came out of the woman's mouth, she was sobbing so badly.  
"Good," Miss Hancock said, her voice returning to its normal silken tone. "Now,
  stand up and do as you were told. Hurry!"  
The woman picked herself up off of the floor and placed her back against
  the wood paneled wall with a wince of pain and again placed the palms of her
  hands against the wall. There were two straight, swollen red lines across her
  large breasts and one across her hips. Her right cheek was swollen and red
  from where Josephine had struck her in the face. The slave would have bruises
  for a couple of days to remind her of her mistake.  
Still standing in front of the plump woman, but speaking to every woman in
  the room, Josephine Hancock said, "You are not allowed modesty here. You will
  all submit to inspections, caresses, ogling, and more and you will
  not  cower or cover yourselves. You will present your bodies to
  whatever amusements the people here choose for them. If you do not, you will
  be tortured, punished, or even killed."  
Many of the women gasped. Josephine continued, saying, "Every one of you
  would benefit by getting it into your heads right now that all of you are expendable
  and that all of you are easily replaceable. You are all playthings for our
  amusements. The sooner each of you come to terms with that fact, the better
  off each of you will be."  
Josephine noticed the nervous glances from around the room and smiled inwardly.
  She went on, "From now on, you will all learn to serve us in whatever manner
  we require. In return, you will be housed, fed, exercised, and groomed. Fail
  to live up to our expectations and you will learn the consequences of rousing
  our displeasure."  
She reached out and gently touched the reddened cheek of the woman trembling
  before her. The woman flinched, expecting to be struck again, but Josephine
  only stroked her cheek lightly and eventually took her hand away after a few
  seconds.  
"During the remainder of your time here with me today," she said, speaking
  to all of the women. "Do as you are instructed, do not make any mistakes, and
  remember what you are told. I do not wish to punish any of you further today,
  but I will if you make me."  
She began moving down the line of women again, speaking to the group and
  examining each woman with her eyes. In her opinion, this group of women were
  lovely. Sixty of them, all at her bidding, and the slightest infraction could
  be severely punished. She loved it! She also loved the variety they offered.
  All kinds of body types, all sizes and shaped of breasts, each lovely little
  pussy shaved and smooth, and each tattooed as a piece of property. The rush
  of power was heady for her. She knew she was going to have to keep one of these
  women today, after her instruction, to use for her amusement. Just beating
  that chubby girl's fat tits had made her pussy wet. She couldn't wait to have
  one of them working at her clit with their tongue. Or whipping their tits while
  she brutally fucked one of them with a nice, large, studded strap-on. Yes,
  she would indeed have to have one of these girls for herself today.  
In the meantime, she continued to instruct the women in the line. She said, "The
  positions and postures you will learn have many functional uses and may also
  be pleasing to any of the members here to see. For example, when you are walking
  through the halls here, and one day each of you will be allowed to do so on
  your own, and you see a member of the Estate approaching you, the polite thing
  to do is to drop to your knees and lower your eyes in deference to that member's
  authority over you.  
"If he or she has a use for you, then he or she will then address you. If
  not, he will continue past you and leave you to whatever duties you were set
  to perform. All requests should be carried out, but must also be prioritized
  for timeliness and convenience. Not your convenience, of course, but the members'
  convenience that have made requests of your services."  
Josephine was passing a thin woman, very pale, probably a blonde when she
  had hair. The woman had perky little breasts and it was obvious her pussy was
  used to being bare, so smooth was the skin. The woman's nipples were pink and
  puffy, but not erect. She had become used to the warmer air on this floor.
  Josephine cupped one of the woman's small breasts in her hand and slid her
  fingers toward the woman's soft pink nipple. She rolled the nub between her
  fingers as she continued to talk to the group of slaves. The woman did not
  make any attempt to cover herself and her nipple became hard almost at once
  under Josephine's tender ministrations.  
"Have no illusions about your purpose here," Miss Hancock said, continuing
  to roll the young woman's nipple in her fingers. "You will be used for sex
  here." She paused as several of the women in the group cringed or sobbed. "Many
  of you will be used for sex many times daily. You will be used by both men
  and women for whatever sex acts will please them the most."  
She released the woman's nipple as she moved on down the line. She did catch
  the young woman looking after her, though, as she was examining the next woman.  
"In time, every one of you will use your mouths, your pussies, and your asses
  to satisfy the members here," she paused as, again, some women groaned or cried
  at the though of being violated in such ways. "In fact, in time, many of you
  will offer  the use of your mouths, pussies, and asses
  for use. Don't think it won't happen, because it will. Eventually, you will
  become accustomed to being used as sex toys for our pleasures. More frightening
  to all of you now is that, in time, you will even begin to enjoy being used
  for our sexual pleasures."  
She looked around to see how the women were reacting. Some of them were stifling
  cries, others were shaken but seemed to be dealing with the news, and still
  others seemed barely affected by the thought of their bodies being used by
  strangers against their wills. Were these women already adapting to their situations?
  Perhaps the hopelessness of their situations had numbed them to feeling shocked
  by the idea of being used sexually by these people. Or perhaps some of them
  realized what was happening and were defiantly planning to not be used sexually,
  to escape from the Estate, or to give up and be killed rather than allow themselves
  to be used and humiliated for the sexual gratification of strangers. In any
  case, Josephine knew, they would either get used to the idea or they would
  die trying.  
"And don't think we just want you for your sex, either," Miss Hancock continued,
  still moving down the line of women and examining each one in detail as she
  spoke. "There are so many other things for the lot of you to do here. Eventually,
  some of you will help the work slaves in the cleaning duties or food service
  duties here. Some of you will be used as servers at parties hosted by the Estate.
  There are a host of activities for all of you to do here, but don't ever forget
  that your primary function here is to serve us."  
She had reached the end of the line of women and was standing before a tall,
  thin woman. The woman was even taller than Josephine was in heels. The woman
  was older, maybe in her late thirties to early forties. She had small breasts
  that weren't as firm as some of the younger women's were, but she had long
  smooth legs. On the outside of each of her thighs, the woman had very detailed
  tattoos of dragons in flight. The heads of the dragons were near the tops of
  her thighs and the tails ended about four inches above the woman's knees.  
Josephine reached out her right hand and traced the lines of the dragon on
  the woman's left thigh. "Very nice," she said.  
"Thank you, Miss Hancock," the woman said. Her voice was deep, sultry-sounding,
  and had the same quality as Miss Hancock's did when she spoke. Her voice sounded
  like sex in your ears. The woman was looking back into Josephine's eyes, and
  in those eyes Josephine could see the glint of something. Desire, perhaps?
  Anger? Lust? Josephine made a mental note to find out later all she could about
  this woman.  
"Alright," Josephine said, stepping away from the tall woman. "Beginning
  with you," she indicated the tall woman with dragon tattoos. "Form six rows
  of ten each row." She moved about five feet in front of the desk. "The first
  row forms here, the next row about four feet behind the first, and so on. Move!
  Let's get going!"  
One at a time, the women quickly filed into neat rows, each woman facing
  forward and watching Miss Hancock. Every woman waited for her next instruction,
  each hoping not to displease this woman that could swing such a vicious riding
  crop.  
Josephine put the women through rigorous paces, enforced by liberal applications
  of the riding crop. She taught the slaves how to kneel properly. She applied
  the crop to many a thigh and shoulder blade while giving her instructions on
  how wide the knees should be apart or how straight the back should be and how
  the breasts should be thrust forward. She taught them to crawl as well. During
  the crawling tutorial, she instructed them on holding their heads up as they
  crawled, keeping their fingers pointed straight ahead, their palms on the floor
  shoulder-width apart, and their backs slightly curved so their asses were raised
  somewhat. She taught them to walk properly, with their backs straight, their
  chins high and their eyes forward. They were instructed to take graceful strides
  and to keep their hands at their sides unless they were carrying something.  
They were also shown a variety of other positions. They were shown the 'hair'
  position, where they would bend forward slightly and turn their heads to one
  side, as if to offer their hair as a lead. Josephine told them this position
  would come in handy if ever a member was required to lead them somewhere, but
  didn't have a leash handy. Of course, the slaves would have to grow some hair
  first before that position could be used effectively, but it was still required
  of them to know the position for when it would be needed in the future. The
  slaves were shown the 'whipping' position; a posture used if a slave was ever
  in immediate trouble and needed to be corrected. She would lie on her belly
  with her arms held over her head with her wrists crossed, and her ankles were
  to be crossed as well. Hair, if they had any, was to be moved off the back
  and shoulders and the forehead was to be pressed firmly to the ground. This
  offered a member immediate and complete access to the slave's entire shoulders,
  back, ass, thighs, and calves when corporal punishment was to be administered.
  Josephine made it quite well-known that the slaves should pay particular attention
  to learning the whipping position properly, as it was likely going to be the
  position they found themselves most often until they learned the ropes of the
  Estate.  
They were shown many other positions as well, nearly fifty in all. The entire
  instructional took almost four hours to complete and, they were told, they
  would be here again the next three days learning these positions. Josephine
  was a strict Taskmaster, but she informed this group that they'd gotten off
  easy having her as an instructor. Some of the others were much, much harder
  on new recruits than she was. To be sure, that wasn't entirely true. The Estate
  itself had never had recruits before, but in certain circles some of the people
  that were now members of the Estate were known for their sadism or their cruelty
  to slaves in their service. Some of the cruelest of the founding members were
  the ones that were selected as teachers and trainers for the Estate, and precisely
  because they were cruel. Jonathan Clark himself wanted new recruits to learn
  their lessons quickly, efficiently, and with serious consequences for mistakes
  made. In fact, Jonathan Clark was, at this very moment, instructing a group
  of slaves in another room in the very same positions and postures these slaves
  were learning.  
All of the slaves that had been brought upstairs and into each of these rooms
  were being taught position training. It was the first thing they would learn,
  the most important thing they would learn, and the one thing they would need
  to excel at in order to survive for very long at the Estate. The members of
  the Estate wanted pleasing sluts that would serve them well, provide them with
  sexual satisfaction, do as they were told when they were told, and they did
  not want to have to give reminders to obtuse slaves. It was easier to kill
  them off and replace the stupid ones with slaves that would learn to do as
  they were told.  
Some of the Estate's members had been in societies similar to the Estate
  before, but on much smaller scales, in underground area of their home cities.
  They were used to seeing slaves trained, tortured, raped, abused, maimed, or
  even killed all for the pleasures of the society's members. It would be no
  different at the Estate. If a slave was too reticent or stupid to be useful,
  she would be killed, usually after being tortured for some days, and another
  slave would be brought in to replace the useless meat that had come before.  
Josephine didn't tell these slaves all of that information, though. She did,
  however, make it abundantly clear that the importance of these positions and
  postures was utmost. She even mentioned more than once that their lives might
  depend on how well and how quickly each slave mastered each position. Josephine
  was not a subtle woman by any stretch of the imagination, but she also knew
  that terrifying the new recruits with tales of torture, gore and death would
  not make them better slaves. It would only make them scared ones. And scared
  was fine, in some cases, but often too much fear was counter-productive. Fear
  of having your tits welted by a riding crop was motivational, but fear of being
  gutted and fed to hungry dogs before you bled to death was certain to reduce
  the effectiveness of the training.  
By three o'clock, nearly all of the slaves were sore from having been struck
  by Josephine's crop, they were tired from the rigorous training they'd undergone,
  and they were hungry from missing lunch. Josephine ordered the work slaves
  to chain the slaves back into the collar line and to take them back to the
  dorm to be fed a late lunch. Before she could be replaced in the collar chain,
  however, Josephine ordered the tall woman with the dragon tattoos to remain
  in the room. She also ordered the plump woman with the large breasts to stay
  as well. Josephine Hancock had plans for the both of them for later in the
  day.  
At noon, it was lunchtime in the dormitories. Work slaves wheeled in the
  carts of heated food and began to serve the slaves from the yacht that had
  been processed earlier. Even though they had not eaten in over two days, the
  majority of these formerly-wealthy and powerful people refused the food that
  was given to them. Some ate, but for the most part the food was refused for
  several reasons. Either it was not to the standards that some of these people
  would accept, or it went against their diets, or some of them refused to eat
  until they were released from their captivity.  
The work slaves just shrugged and poured the food back into the pans on the
  cart. They returned the tin pans under the doors from which they'd come previously.
  These fools would eat when they got hungry enough. If not, then no big loss
  anyway. They were going to make terrible slaves and everyone at the Estate
  knew it.  
Still, they served a purpose. With the majority of the power structure of
  Herbert Warner Industries out of the way and Robert Carlyle now in control
  of the company, the Estate stood to gain considerable amounts of money and
  influence. Even more than it already enjoyed now. So, for now, they'd be kept,
  processed and trained. If the attitude couldn't be beaten or frightened out
  of them, then they'd be killed and replaced by people less stubborn. This batch
  was already getting on the nerves of the work slaves, the volunteer staff,
  and even some of the members. It was unlikely many of them would survive the
  first week.  
Jeri Denise Sullivan was awakened cruelly at a few minutes before nine in
  the morning. She felt a sharp sting between her legs and had startled immediately
  awake. Work slaves with the morning food carts were waiting in the entryway
  to the dorms and had a few minutes of time to kill before they delivered breakfast
  to the slaves. So, they spent their time tormenting the girl on the X-frame.
  One of the slaves had approached her and thumped her hard in the clit with
  his finger. She'd woken up immediately. Her red eyes looking about wildly to
  see what had happened. The slave thumped her again and laughed as she finally
  noticed him standing just in front of her.  
The work slave jeered the bound and mutilated girl, calling her a wide variety
  of names and taunting her with food from their carts. Jeri began to cry, but
  it didn't matter to the work slaves. She was supposed to be tormented, insulted,
  and degraded. In fact, the work slaves had all been told to go out of their
  way to make her as miserable as possible as long as it didn't interfere with
  their daily duties.  
After a few moments, the slaves had to deliver breakfast and Jeri was left
  alone again. As depressing as it sounded, she missed the men as soon as they
  were gone. At least when they were taunting her, someone was talking to her.
  Now, she was alone again and left to her shame.  
Several moments later, the work slaves returned from feeding the slaves in
  the dorms, but they were too busy talking among themselves to even notice Jeri
  hanging from the frame. Jeri was left alone again to ponder her thoughts in
  discomfort on the frame. She was hungry and she was thirsty. She hadn't been
  fed or had anything to drink since the day of the convention, and that felt
  like a very long time ago to her. She tried to go back to sleep, but found
  herself unable to even do that to relieve her agony.  
In just under an hour, another group of work slaves entered the room. They
  were carrying odd chains with what looked like collars attached to them. One
  of the work slaves asked another if they should let the girl have some of their
  prods. The other slave responded that getting the slaves into the chains was
  more important and, if they had time, they could give her the what-for on their
  way out. It must have taken nearly an hour for the work slaves to complete
  their duties in the dorms, because Jeri hung there for what seemed like an
  eternity. Then, finally, one and then another of the doors opened and the slaves
  were led out of the dorms on long chains. As they passed her, each of the work
  slaves touched their cattle prods to her pussy or one of her nipples. Most
  of them only did it for a second, but a couple left the prods there for several
  seconds until blisters formed on the area of her skin where the metal ends
  of the prods touched her. Every electrified touch brought another scream out
  of Jeri, but the voice that was screaming wasn't even hers anymore. She didn't
  even recognize it, it was so unlike her normal voice.  
Soon enough, however, they were all gone and she was alone again. Alone to
  hang there in her misery and her agony. The inside of her mouth was burned
  and bone dry. She wasn't even drooling anymore. It was as if her mouth had
  completely dried up. Her whole mouth ached as well. It was a dull, throbbing
  ache that seemed to flare with her every pulse. Her pussy and nipples also
  ached in much the same way. Still, she could barely even register the pain.
  She felt like she was slowly slipping away from it. Away form pain, away from
  hunger, from thirst, from the light. She was dying. She knew she had to be
  dying. She felt like the less pain she felt, the less hunger and thirst, the
  further she slipped away from life.  
She hung there on her frame for only god knew how long before the door behind
  her opened again. A new set of freshly shaved and tattooed slaves were led
  into the room. Unlike the women from the previous day, these slaves complained
  to their captors and escorts. They made empty threats, they threatened legal
  action, they even demanded to be released and returned to their families. Most
  of the new set of slaves didn't even seem to notice her. She saw several of
  them look up at here, but quickly look away, as if her countenance was too
  horrible to bear. Very likely, it was, Jeri knew.  
Several moments later, or two hours later for all Jeri knew, the work slaves
  returned from housing the new set of slave recruits. These slaves didn't even
  pay her any attention at all, though. They just walked past her as if she didn't
  exist and exited through the door behind her.  
She must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next thing she knew,
  the door behind her was opened and the cruel work slaves from this morning
  had returned with the collared lines of slaves on chains.  
She noticed through her hazy awareness that it looked as if most of the slaves
  had been beaten. She didn't know why, and couldn't really get her mind to focus
  on it for too long. She seemed to be having trouble focusing on anything for
  very long now.  
Suddenly, there were fresh flashes of pain all over her body. She snapped
  awake quickly. The chains of slaves were gone, but the work slaves had returned
  with their cattle prods. They had begun to jab her with the prods again. This
  time, they didn't just focus on her pussy and tits. They were all over her,
  prodding her ass, legs, armpits, belly, and hips as well as the more sensitive
  areas. One of them had even pulled her away from the frame so that he could
  prod her anus. She jumped and screamed wildy when that was done.  
All of the work slaves seemed to be having a grand time jeering her, causing
  her pain, and torturing her. Jeri wondered how bad the masters could be if
  the slaves were this awful. At some point, she must have passed out again,
  because everything just went black suddenly.  
At 9:10 AM, there came a knock at the door. William "Willie" Johnson rose
  from the sofa on which he'd been sitting watching television. He crossed tot
  he door and opened it. Outside the door was a work slave with a cart of food.  
"Hi," the work slave said. "I'm here to feed the girls that were left in
  your care."  
"Oh sure," Willie said, moving aside. Willie was a large black man. He was
  the larger of the two black men that currently resided in this suite. "Yeah.
  I guess they never got fed yesterday. Better give them something. We don't
  want them passing out on us when things start getting really fun."  
The two girls were still sleeping, practically comatose from the previous
  nights' abuses. Not even the television had woken them, so exhausted were they.
  The work slave tapped the cage doors with the toe of his shoe and the girls
  were instantly startled awake. They both clutched their blankets about their
  bodies, expecting to be torn from the cages and brutalized yet again. They
  relaxed somewhat when they saw the male slave standing outside the cages holding
  plates of food.  
"Breakfast," he said. He placed the two paper plates holding scrambled eggs,
  bacon, and toast on the floor in front of the cages. He opened the doors of
  the cages and passed the plates to the girls before again closing the cage
  doors and locking them. The girls began to scoop the food into their mouths
  with their fingers as soon as the plates were in their hands. Forgotten were
  the blankets and fear of future rapes. All that concerned them now was filling
  their desperately empty bellies.  
The work slave excused himself from the room and Willie shut the door behind
  him, returning to the couch to watch television again. After a few moments,
  he had an idea. He went into the kitchen a poured two glasses of cold water.
  He took the water to the girls in the cages, opening them as the work slave
  had before, giving the water to the girls, and then closing and locking the
  cages once he was finished. The girls even managed to thank Willie. They had
  not eaten or drunk anything, except the mens' semen, for the last three days.
  Each of them were terribly dehydrated and starving.  
Once they finished their food and water, the girls asked Willie if they could
  have another glass. They told him they hadn't had anything to drink in a long
  time and needed more. He agreed to give them more water. He even agreed to
  let them out of the cages and let them stretch their legs as long as they behaved
  themselves. The girls were in no position to dissent.  
Willie fetched two leather tethers and a leather collar from the cabinet
  next to the entertainment stand. He opened the cages and fitted the collar
  on the neck of the girl who hadn't been collared the previous night. He snapped
  one end of each tether to the ring in each girl's collar and then snapped the
  other end to the sturdy rings on the underside of the coffee table. The girls
  could stand and walk around, but the tethers were only six feet long. So the
  girls weren't going very far. The coffee table was a solid wood furnishing
  and weighed almost four hundred pounds. Even if the girls pulled together,
  they couldn't budge the massive thing, and there was no way it would fit out
  the doorway unless they turned the table on its side.  
Willie went into the kitchen and poured two more glasses of water for the
  girls and returned to the living room. He gave the girls the water, which they
  both gulped down quickly, and sat down to watch television again. The girls
  were left standing naked in the middle of the room, unsure of what to do next.
  Certainly, they could have drunk more water, but they didn't want to be more
  bothersome to the man watching over them. They didn't want to anger him for
  fear he might hurt them, or worse. So, the girls stood there, looking about
  the room uncertainly.  
Willie seemed to noticed the girls' uncomfortable looks and how they seemed
  to just be standing confused. He decided to take them for a walk so they could
  properly stretch their legs and perhaps relax a little. Well, relax as much
  as a couple of girls that were about to be the centerpieces of an eighty-man
  orgy could, he guessed.  
He unsnapped the tethers from the rings on the coffee table and led the girls
  out the door into the hallway. They turned left out of the suite and headed
  into a large common area. The common area looked like an atrium from which
  several hallways emerged. Plants and benches for seating were arranged artfully
  in the atrium and gave the whole area a pleasant, relaxed feeling.  
As Willie walked the girls into the atrium, a man entered the room from one
  of the hallways. He was the same man that had separated the girls and had told
  them to enter the cages the previous day. He approached Willie and began talking
  to him about the girls.  
"Ah," he began. "Our two unexpected pleasures. You guys did a great job finding
  these two and recruiting them. So far, none of the others have taken that kind
  of initiative."  
"Well, most of us are trained soldiers," Willie replied. "We take orders
  and carry them out like we're supposed to. When we saw these two cuties, we
  didn't figure you guys would mind if we picked them up, too. The more the merrier,
  right?"  
"You've got that right," the man said. "Especially when they are as nicely
  shaped as these two. Have the guys gotten the chance to see them yet?"  
"Just a few of them," Willie said. "There were only four of us in last night.
  The rest of the guys are on a supply run for that new recruiting mission. We're
  supposed to leave out tomorrow."  
"They'll be in today, though, right?" the man asked, as if he wanted to make
  sure all the mercenaries got to see the girls.  
"Oh yeah," Willie said. "Absolutely. And they are going to love these two." The
  girls cringed as he said that.  
"Just make sure we get them back in one piece," Jonathan Clark said. "They
  might have been unexpected, but we'd sure hate to lose them. Well, so soon
  anyway," he added with a smile.  
"We're not going to damage them, I promise," Willie said. "We'll have our
  fun with them like you said, and then we'll have them snug back in their cages
  first thing tomorrow morning for pick up."  
"Good," Jonathan said. "In the meantime, why don't you take them down to
  processing? There's a new batch moving through right now, but I'm sure you
  could slip these two in after the last few go through and they won't mind processing
  a couple of extras."  
"That sounds like a good idea," Willie said. "I was going to just walk them
  around for awhile since they've been cooped up in those cages since yesterday,
  but that sounds like a better idea to me."  
"Good. Have fun with them today," Jonathan Clark said and walked away, ending
  the conversation.  
"Well, you heard the man," Willie said to the girls. "Let's get you two down
  to processing."  
The girls looked at one another nervously. Neither were sure whether this
  was a good thing or not. Willie tugged on the tethers attached to their collars
  and led them down a hallway. He led them downstairs and turned down a stone
  hallway, but stopped and seemed to be unsure of where he was. He turned around
  and walked the opposite way down the hallway, but paused again. A naked slave
  girl emerged from a doorway just ahead of them.  
"Excuse me," Willie said. The girl instantly dropped to her knees, thighs
  apart, eyes lowered to the floor. The girls both saw, very clearly, the number
  '17' tattooed in red on her mons. "Can you help me find processing? I forgot
  where it was."  
The slave immediately looked up into Willie's eyes. "Yes sir," she said. "You
  proceed down this hallway the way you are going now, then turn left at the
  end of the hallway. That will take you straight past the processing area. You
  won't be able to miss it. There are several people in the area. Would you like
  me to lead you there, sir?"  
"No thanks. I think I can find it," Willie said. "Thank you, slave girl."  
"You're welcome, sir," the slave said. Willie passed by her, following her
  instructions and she returned to her feet and continued about her duties.  
Willie turned into the hallway that led to processing and immediately saw
  what the slave girl had meant. Waiting outside the double doors to the processing
  are were several of the mercenaries and many naked slaves. Willie stopped and
  made conversation with the other mercenaries while the group in the hallway
  finished processing. He told the girls to sit and be quiet while they waited.
  The girls obeyed without a word. After an hour or so, the new group was finished
  with processing and Willie led the girls into the first room.  
He untethered the girls and took off the collars they were wearing, as they
  would only get in the way during processing. He told the girls he would meet
  them after they were finished. The girls were being shown into two of the shaving
  chairs as Willie turned and left the room.  
The girls were taken through the processing process and, if it was possible,
  the horror they felt in this place had just doubled. It wasn't bad enough that
  they had their heads shaved, but strange naked women had also shaved off their
  pubic hair as well. Then to add to their humiliation, they were tattooed with
  a number, just like the other slave girls they'd seen in the halls before.
  The only difference was that the number the girls wore was black and all the
  numbers they'd seen to this point had been red. They were sure that meant something,
  and were even more sure that it meant something bad. In the hallways beyond,
  their piercings were removed and they were inspected by two more naked women
  who wrote notes about them on a clipboard. The shower was nice, though, but
  far too short to wash to unclean feelings off the girls. Each of them could
  still taste the men in their mouths and feel the soreness from where the men
  had been inside them. The short shower would do nothing to wash that away.  
The girls were shown out of the door and into another room. Willie was waiting
  there for them with the collars and tethers. He strapped the collars back on
  the girls' neck and reattached the tethers to the collars. Without a single
  word, he led the girls out of the room and back upstairs. Each girl was now
  shaved smooth and sported three new tattoos. They were now true slaves of the
  Collectors.  
Back upstairs, the hallways and atrium had filled with men. Several groups
  had formed and the men were talking about a variety of subjects. Willie immediately
  greeted the nearest group and began showing the girls around like trophies.
  The girls were taken from Willie and passed about from man to man and, as much
  as they tried to prevent it, were groped and fondled repeatedly. Many comments
  were made about what the men would like to do to the girls and what they'd
  like to have the girls do to them. In almost no time, the rumor had made the
  round that the two girls were sisters, and instantly the men began planning
  what each of them could do to one another as well. The girls had never felt
  so humiliated before in their lives.  
Unfortunately for them, things would get a lot worse before they got any
  better. After what seemed like an eternity of this treatment, the girls were
  finally taken again by Willie and led back to his room. The other three men
  were there again. They were drinking beers and watching a game on the television.
  The three men whistled lewdly as the freshly shaven and tattooed girls were
  brought into the room.  
Willie informed the other three guys that he was going with them to the cafeteria
  to get something to eat. The other three guys said they hadn't eaten yet and
  would join him. The television was turned off and all four men left the room
  together. The girls were once again left alone in their cages to ponder their
  impending fates.  
"Did you see how many of them there were?" the older sister asked.  
"Did you hear what they wanted us to do to each other and to them?" the younger
  girl asked back.  
The feeling of dread settled over the both of them like a pall. They knew
  this was going to be a long, long day.  
Eight work slaves led the lines of women, minus the two that Josephine Hancock
  had ordered held aside, back to the dorms. At a few minutes after three in
  the afternoon, the slaves were being released from the chains and returned
  to their housing in the cells. The work slaves finished at a few minutes before
  four, so they decided to have some fun with the girl hung on the frame before
  they had to bring the next group in for their training. They tortured the girl
  relentlessly for about five minutes before she finally passed out. There was
  some question as to whether or not the girl was actually dead. It was common
  knowledge that part of her torture was no food and no water. The work slaves
  figured that, after three days, she was probably only hanging on by a thread.  
The work slaves moved into the dorms housing the new groups of slaves. As
  soon as the work slaves began opening their cell doors, the slaves inside began
  complaining about one thing or another and started making threats about what
  they would do when they were released form this prison in which they'd been
  unlawfully held. This behavior was, of course, expected and the work slaves
  were prepared to deal with it. They'd been given permission to use the prods
  liberally on this group of slaves and to do nearly anything necessary to shut
  them up. Therefore, the more the slaves complained as they were being lined
  up and put into the chains, the more the work slaves used their cattle prods.
  Eventually, the slaves did get the point and began to slowly shut up and let
  the work slaves work in silence. Of course, by the time that happened, the
  vast majority of the slaves in the lines had multiple blisters on their bodies
  from the prods. Many of the women were in tears, but they still made the attempt
  at being defiant. The slaves in the lines didn't want to move when the work
  slave at the front of the line tugged on the leash. This only happened in the
  female lines of course. So, the work slaves began applying the cattle prods
  to their bodies again in an effort to motivate the women into moving.  
Finally, they got the lines of slaves moving forward and led them up to the
  first floor and into the rooms the previous lines had been led. There were
  only three lines this time, and each was partially empty. Because the number
  two dormitory was only partially filled by the day one recruits, twenty-four
  women from the day two recruits were placed into dormitory number two to fill
  it out. That left twenty-eight women and forty men to be housed in dormitory
  three. So, the work slaves, in order to keep the men and women separated and
  not to have to take the extra time to create one line out of two dorms of women,
  were instructed to just make three lines and the afternoon training would be
  done in smaller classes than the morning training was done.  
Thus, the lines were led into three of the training rooms. Josephine Hancock
  was also running one of the afternoon training sessions. She had, unfortunately,
  been chosen to train the men in this group. She knew at once that they were
  going to be a bother. They were going to underestimate her and not take her
  instructions seriously. Four mercenaries had been ordered to oversee her training
  course, just in case the men became too belligerent or abusive. Josephine had
  been given instructions to eliminate the entire group if they wouldn't take
  her instructions. The Estate needed women more than men anyway, and they could
  always find more easily manageable men to fill the empty slots.  
The men were led into the room and told to move against the walls, just as
  the women had been told to do earlier that morning. The work slaves removed
  the mens' collars and coiled the chain and took places along with the mercenaries
  off to one side of the room.  
Almost as soon as their collars were removed and the men realized the woman
  was in charge, they instantly tried to assert their control over the situation.
  They refused to stand against the walls, they refused to keep their palms against
  the walls as instructed, they threatened her and warned that they would bring
  legal action against her and this facility as soon as they were released from
  here Josephine tried to handle the situation to the best of her abilities,
  and she was usually quite good at handling situations like this, but this group
  with their attitude was not leaving her much leeway with which to work.  
She struck four of the men with her crop, hitting them all squarely in their
  penises, and then she ordered them all back against the walls and to maintain
  their positions. Unfortunately, her actions only served to inflame the men
  even more. It was like they didn't even notice the four armed men in the room,
  but instead focused all their attention on the woman in charge of the room.
  Josephine imagined that none of the men thought they would be shot anyway,
  despite what that other blonde bitch had done on the yacht.  
Josephine Hancock had taken enough. These men were trying to railroad her
  and were almost completely out of control. She motioned to the mercenaries
  and pointed to the four men closest to her. As one, the mercenaries raised
  their weapons and shot the four men where they stood. All of them fell to the
  floor, each with his mouth still open in silent protest.  
"Now, unless the rest of you want to..." Josephine began, but suddenly the
  room erupted. The men charged past her in an attempt to overpower the men with
  the weapons. The apparent logic was that, if they could get the weapons, they
  could try to force their way out of this place. Their logic, they soon found
  out, was flawed and things went badly quickly.  
By the time the entire fiasco was over, all the men were dead and not one
  mercenary, not one work slave, nor Josephine had even been touched by the rebelling
  men. The mercenaries had switched their weapons to automatic firing and had
  opened fire into the crowd of men. As soon as the men had pushed past her,
  Josephine had hit the floor, knowing fully well what was about to transpire.
  The mercenaries had systematically swept the angry mob with bullets and in
  seconds they were all dead on the floor. As soon as the last shot had been
  fired, one of the work slaves fled the room to fetch Jonathan Clark from his
  office. Jonathan was not instructing an afternoon group; he had four shipments
  to oversee that had all been scheduled in the same hour.  
Josephine Hancock was livid! She picked herself up off the floor immediately
  and stalked to her desk, slamming the riding crop down on the desk with an
  echoing crack. She rarely ever lost her cool. All of her voice intonations
  were carefully planned for maximum effect and no matter what, she rarely allowed
  herself to truly get angry. However, right now, she was really, truly angry.
  She wasn't angry that the men had so little respect for her. She knew they
  weren't going to respect her before she'd even seen them. She wasn't even angry
  that the men had been killed. She could care less about the jumbled, bloody
  mess of penises on the floor. What made her so mad was the fact that this was
  going to make her look badly and could possibly harm her reputation among the
  members. Reputation counted for a lot among the Collectors, and to have one's
  reputations damaged could cost that person some amount of credibility in the
  eyes of the others.  
Jonathan Clark burst suddenly into the room. At once, all the mercenaries
  leveled their weapons on him, but immediately lowered them when they saw who
  he was.  
"Josephine!" he said breathlessly. "Are you okay?"  
"No!" she shouted. Jonathan almost took a step back. He'd never seen her
  so angry before. "Those stupid sons of bitches gave me no choice, Jonathan.
  I want that to be made perfectly clear. They gave me no choice. They tried
  to attack these men here and we were left with no alternative but to kill them
  all."  
"I know," he said, trying to calm her. "It's no big deal. We knew they weren't
  going to last anyway. Don't worry about it."  
This could hurt my reputation here, Jonathan," Josephine said, slamming her
  fist on the table. "I could become known as someone who couldn't keep her slaves
  in order. If that's what happens, I'm finished here. No one will respect me
  here again."  
"That's not going to happen, Jo," Jonathan said in a calm, comforting voice. "No
  one here is going to fault you for this. Trust me. If they try, I will set
  the record straight. You cannot lose your standing here unless I approve it
  anyway. So, settle down. It'll all be fine." He motioned to two of the work
  slaves in the room. "Why don't you go up to your room and relax for awhile?
  We'll get this mess cleaned up and everything will be back to normal in the
  morning."  
The two work slaves moved to escort Josephine to her room. She pushed her
  hair back from her face and looked from Jonathan to the pile of bodies on the
  floor.  
"Maybe you're right," she said. "I could probably use the rest anyway." She
  looked back at him. "Are you sure nothing's going to come of this?"  
"Nothing at all," he replied with a smile. "I promise you'll be fine."  
"Thank you," she said and left the room with her work slave escorts.  
Jonathan turned to the work slave that had fetched him. He said in his efficient,
  in control voice, "Get a clean up detail down here. Let's get these bodies
  out of her and get this room cleaned before any of these stains set in." The
  work slave immediately darted from the room.  
Jonathan Clark then turned to the mercenaries and said, "You guys are dismissed.
  Go ahead and get ready for the pick-ups tomorrow. You guys are going to be
  busy, I think."  
The mercenaries all left the room to rejoin their unit. Two more recruiting
  missions were beginning tomorrow. The unit to which these mercenaries were
  assigned were in charge of one of the pick-ups and the unit that the sister
  slaves had been loaned was in charge of the other.  
The remainder of the training classes went off as planned and without any
  further losses. It seemed the women were more eager to accept their places
  than the men were. Especially after they learned how badly a willow cane or
  a leather riding crop across their breasts and faces could hurt. The attitudes
  of the women of this group seemed to undergo a noticeable change once their
  training session was finished. Perhaps the gravity of their situation had begun
  to truly dawn on them finally.  
Four hours later, the women were again placed into the collar chain and taken
  by the work slaves back to their cells. They did not complain, they did not
  fight, and this time they did exactly as they were told to do.  
A few moments after the vicious work slaves had taken the new lines of slaves
  away, the girl on the frame was awakened again. This time it was not by any
  sound or painful sensation, but by a smell. A group of four naked female slaves
  were wheeling in covered carts, but Jeri could smell the food in the carts.  
She tried to say 'please feed me,' but all that came out of her mouth was
  a cracked grunting sound. The slaves didn't even hear her. Or if they did,
  they chose to ignore her.  
The slave girls wheeled the food carts into the dormitories and called for
  the pans to be offered. Many pans appeared under slots in the doors, including
  some pans belonging to a few of the vegetarian girls that had refused to eat
  this morning. They weren't stupid. They knew if they refused to eat again,
  the slaves would just take the food away again and they'd get nothing. Still,
  most of the vegetarian slaves again refused to eat. Their pans were left empty
  again and the female slaves wheeled the carts away, leaving them to smell the
  food the others were eating.  
The slaves again wheeled the carts into the entry room and past the girl
  hung on the frame. All she could do was watch the food go by and hang there
  helplessly. In the meantime, many of the girls in the dorms enjoyed their roast
  X-class, along with mashed potatoes and X-class gravy, and whole kernel corn.  
The sisters didn't know how long it had been since they'd been locked in
  their cages when they heard the men coming down the hallway, but they figured
  it probably been a couple of hours at least. The girls had looked over their
  new bodies, each noting their new tattoos and sudden lack of hair. It was disconcerting
  and belittling enough to be locked in a dog cage naked and collared like a
  domesticated animal, but to add to that the outright humiliation of being shaved,
  head, eyebrows and pussy, by a strange woman, and then tattooed with a number
  that would, very likely, be their only source of identification from now on
  was completely demeaning. Each of the girls felt like they'd stepped completely
  out of reality.  
Then they heard the men coming and reality came screaming back at them and
  slapped them in the face. A key in the lock told them that the men were likely
  coming for them and the girls knew very well what was going to happen to them
  next. They'd seen all the men; they'd even been groped and fondled by the majority
  of them. There were no illusions in either girl's mind about what they'd be
  doing for the rest of the night.  
The door opened and in stepped the man that had been wearing khaki pants
  the night before; the one that had taken such delight in raping the younger
  girls' ass and then making her sister lick the cum and blood out of her butt
  hole. The girls shrank away from him as he approached the cages.  
"Come on, kids," he said opening the cage doors. "It's time for you to be
  introduced to the fellas." He reached into the cages and took each girl by
  the collar and dragged them out of the cages and onto their bellies on the
  floor. He held the two down while he snapped tethers onto each of their collars.
  He held the free ends of the tethers in his hand, stood up and moved to the
  cabinet next to the entertainment stand. From it, he retrieved a thin, supple
  bamboo cane.  
He struck both girls across the backs of their thighs, and snapped at them
  to get up. The cane stung like hell and the girls could barely get off the
  floor fast enough. As soon as they were on their feet, the man was leading
  them out of the room and down the hallway to the common area. The room was
  empty and the girls were left wondering where all the men were.  
The man led them across the common are and down a hallway the girls had never
  been before. They passed several people along the way, both slaves and masters.
  Anytime they passed a slave in the hallway, the slaves would lower their eyes
  and give the man escorting the two girls wide berth.  
Shortly, the girls began to hear voices, a lot of them. They were faint at
  first, but as the girls were drawn farther down the hallway, they got louder
  and louder. The man leading the girls suddenly stopped at a door just like
  many of the other doors along this hallway. It was on the other side of this
  door that all the voices were originating. The man opened the door and pulled
  the girls into the room behind him. Immediately all conversation stopped and
  seventy-nine pairs of eyes turned to regard the helpless, young pieces of flesh
  that were theirs for the rest of the evening. The man shut the door behind
  the girls, and with the sound of the latch settling into the recess in the
  strike-plate, the girls both knew their fates were sealed.  
They each had about three seconds to look around the room before the man
  holding their tethers pushed them forward into the crowd of men. They were
  in a very large room, the only exit to which was the door through which they'd
  just been forced. Against the nearest wall, four long tables had been set up
  and were covered in food, beer, snacks and water. In the center of the room
  were four pieces of bondage apparatus: A stocks, an X-frame, a padded wooden
  bench, and a suspension harness hung from the ceiling. Along one of the walls
  were fastened several wrist and ankle shackles, presumably to hold slaves in
  place while other slaves were fitted into the furniture and used. And against
  another wall of the room were cabinets holding numerous implements of bondage
  and torture. The girls couldn't even identify all of them, there were so many.  
Of course, three seconds later a firm hand on their backs pushed them into
  the room and into the hands of the nearest two men. The room went wild and
  the girls were lifted from their feet and each hoisted into a different bondage
  apparatus. The older girl was fitted into the stocks by two of the men while
  the younger girl was fastened into the padded bench. Once locked in the stocks,
  the older girl's pussy and ass were exposed to whoever wished to use them and
  she was totally helpless to prevent anything from happening to her. The base
  of the stocks looked like an H, with attachment points for ankle shackles at
  the height of each leg of the H. Before she knew it, her ankles were in leather
  ankle restraints and those restraints were being connected to the base of the
  stocks. Now, she couldn't close her legs even if she wanted to. She was totally
  at the mercy of these men.  
Her sister wasn't doing much better. She'd been forced face-down onto the
  bench apparatus. The top, where she laid on her belly, was heavily padded and
  actually quite comfortable. Her knees fit onto two smaller padded surface to
  support her weight better. On each leg of the bench were attachment points
  for cuffs or restraints. The men were only too accommodating with the use of
  restraints. Soon, the younger sister's wrists and ankles were securely locked
  into leather restraints and fixed to the legs of the bench. Now, her ass, pussy
  and mouth were all at waist level for easy access, and her back, ass, thighs,
  arms, and feet were all exposed for the most sadistic and twisted of their
  intentions.  
Before the older sister could even register what was happening, a man was
  behind her, pushing his hardened cock into her pussy. She cried out and tears
  sprang to her eyes as he penetrated her dry pussy. Two men stood on either
  side of the girl and beat her back and shoulders mercilessly while the man
  behind her continued to rape her pussy. The younger sister found herself in
  a similar situation as well. Two men, one in front and one behind were unfastening
  their pants while two others had approached from the side, each holding wicked-looking
  bamboo canes. While one man forced his penis into the girl's unwilling mouth,
  the man behind her began raping her young, dry pussy. The pain was extravagant
  until her pussy started working up its own lubrication, but that pain was nothing
  compared to the canes. The two men with canes immediately began abusing her
  exposed back and shoulders, swinging the canes viciously, each swing ending
  in a pronounced cracking sound against her soft, pale, young flesh.  
In short order, the older sister was screaming and begging the men to stop.
  The younger sister was screaming as well, but the large cock in her mouth kept
  her mostly silent. The man brutally using her mouth didn't care as long as
  she didn't bite down. The screaming actually made the girl's mouth vibrate
  around his cock, adding to the experience. When the man raping the older sister's
  pussy was finished, another man immediately took his place. The new man's hard
  cock slipped right into her pussy with ease, but by now her pussy was lubricated
  with the previous man's cum and her own juice. The men raping the younger sister
  shot their loads into her mouth and pussy and four more men removed her from
  the bench so they could strap her into the suspension harness.  
The harness was designed so the girl's wrists were restrained behind her
  back while her legs were spread and lifted, granting easy access between them.
  The harness, like the bench, hung at waist-level so a girl's mouth, ass and
  pussy were all easily accessible. As soon as the girl was strapped into the
  harness, the two men that had previously been caning her pushed their cocks
  into her mouth and pussy. Another man brutally beat her small, pert tits with
  one of the canes the men had dropped when pulling the girl off the bench. Soon,
  her sweet, pretty tits were covered in bright red, swollen welts from the wicked
  caning and she was swallowing another load of semen.  
As soon as the cock was removed from her mouth, another one went in. This
  one was large, though. Looking up, she saw it was the larger black man from
  the night before. He was pushing his huge cock into her mouth and smiling down
  at her as he watched it slip between her stretched lips. The tip of his huge
  dick hit the back of her throat, making her gag suddenly. That didn't stop
  him, though. He kept pushing it into her, and soon her throat opened for him
  and he was able to shove his cock all the way down her throat so his big black
  balls rested against her nose. He knew the girl couldn't breathe while his
  cock was in her throat so he left it there while she gagged and tried to desperately
  gasp for air. While she was being suffocated by the huge cock in her mouth,
  the man raping her pussy finished inside her and the other black man from the
  previous night moved between her legs. The man rubbed his giant cock in the
  combination of cum, blood and pussy juice that was dribbling down the girls
  asshole, lubricating it effectively. The man shoved his black cock hard against
  the girls asshole and in it went, all in one stroke, right to the black hair.
  His balls slapped satisfyingly against her as the entire length of the monster
  disappeared into her tight, tiny asshole. The girl felt like she'd just been
  spitted and tried to scream out, but the cock in her throat kept her quiet.
  She still couldn't breathe and wanted to throw up, but the pain in her poor
  tight ass now took precedence over all other sensations.  
The older sister had been pulled out of the stocks and pulled to the floor.
  She was forced to squat down on a man's penis, facing away from him. She saw
  two more men moving over her, each man's cock was hard and throbbing, seemingly
  eager to get inside her young body. The man on which she been made to squat
  pulled his cock out of her pussy. It was now coated in a slippery layer of
  pussy juice and cum. He forced her back down on his cock, but this time he
  slid it up her ass. She screamed out and tried to get herself off the huge
  member invading her rectum, but she was held fast. In short order, she was
  being pushed backward by another of the men and his cock was sliding into her
  pussy. She was now being double penetrated by two cocks at once. She'd never
  felt so fille din her life, or so much pain from the cock in her ass. It wasn't
  over, though. The third man grabbed her by the collar and pulled her mouth
  to his cock, too. Now she was being triple penetrated and all of her orifices
  were filled with man-meat. The man holding her head was using her mouth as
  a masturbation device, pumping her head up and down on his cock while the other
  two men roughly slammed their cocks in and out of her painfully.  
The two black men were now both pounding their huge cocks in either end of
  the younger girl. The man working her mouth would pull his cock the entire
  length out of her mouth and she would gasp a quick breath before he shoved
  the length of it back down her throat again. She didn't have time to think
  about choking or gagging, because if she wasted time on that, she would lose
  her chance to breathe. All the while, she had to continue to try and ignore
  the pain ripping through her bowels as the other huge black cock tore through
  her like a battering ram.  
So it went for the girls for the next several hours. After every man had
  a turn with one or the other of them, they were chained to a all and given
  water and a few scraps of food, just to give them the energy to keep going
  through another round with all the guys. Before it was all over, each girl
  was bleeding from her ass and pussy, their entire body, almost from head to
  toe were covered in welts from caning, flogging, and other forms of torture.
  The older girl had swallowed so much cum that she'd thrown up once after one
  of the men came down her throat. It didn't matter to the men. Her head was
  pushed into the pool of her own cum-filled vomit and the men continued to batter
  away at her pussy and ass.  
By midnight, eight hours later, neither girl could stand. They had been so
  brutalized by the rapes and the beatings that they were too exhausted to even
  resist or move. If a cock appeared in front of one of their faces, they just
  opened their mouths and took it down their throats. If one of the girls was
  strapped into one of the apparatuses, she would use it to support herself as
  the man or men that had strapped her into the device took his pleasure of her.  
The worst thing about the entire night were the things the men would have
  the sisters do to one another. They all stood around as the two sisters, on
  their hands and knees with a double-headed dildo in both their pussies and
  their anuses, moved back and forth rhythmically fucking one another for the
  amusement of the men. The sister were made to suck each others' tits and eat
  each others' pussies and asses while the men jeered and cheered. The whole
  thing was intensely degrading for the sisters, who had never imagined they
  could ever do such things to one another.  
By two in the morning, the party wound down. The men had to be awake to catch
  a flight at ten, so they dispersed to go to their rooms and their beds. The
  girls were literally dragged by a man holding their collars from the larger
  torture chamber to their cages. The man shoved the two vomit, blood, and cum-covered
  girls into the cages and locked them in for the night. Each girl curled into
  as tiny a ball as they could and tried to ignore the pain throbbing from inside
  and outside of their bodies. All they wanted to do was sleep. If they lived
  through the night, the would consider waking in the morning a moral victory.  
The mercenaries were all soon fast asleep, content with their reward and
  thoroughly satisfied from their uses of the two girls. The girls eventually
  feel into a fitful sleep that was interrupted by occasional cramps in their
  bowels or from the throbbing of the many welts adorning their pale skin.  
Tomorrow had to be better than today  , the older girl
  hoped. If it's not, then just let them kill us.   
Josephine bade farewell to the slaves that had escorted here to her rooms.
  She turned from the door and was delighted to see the two naked slaves from
  her training this morning chained to the tethering bar she had installed in
  the floor of her sitting room.  
"Hello, girls," Josephine said, entering the sitting room.  
"Hello, Miss Hancock," the two naked girls said in unison. They were both
  kneeling on the floor in the proper kneeling position she'd shown them this
  morning. Their knees were spread just wide enough, their backs were straight,
  and their eyes were downcast, except when she spoke to them, and then they
  looked directly at her when responding.  
Josephine crossed to a small liquor cabinet she'd set up in here so she could
  have a drink while she relaxed. She poured herself a glass of wine and placed
  the glass on a small table next to her favorite chair. She returned to the
  door and took a small key off a hook next to the door. She returned to the
  sitting room and used the key to open the locks on the ankle chains holding
  the girls to the tethering bar. Josephine took the ankle chains in her hand
  and started into the next room.  
"Crawl and follow," she said without looking back to see if the girls obeyed.
  The two slaves immediately dropped to their hands and knees and followed Miss
  Hancock into the next room, crawling as they'd been taught to do earlier that
  morning.  
Josephine had entered a stately-looking living room. She moved to a cabinet
  against one wall. Opening the cabinet revealed a plethora of bondage equipment
  and devices for spanking and torture. She selected a few items from the cabinet
  and then turned to the girl, who were obediently waiting on their hands and
  knees just a couple of feet behind Josephine. She buckled leather collars on
  each of their necks then had them stand and offer to her each of their limbs
  so she could strap locking leather restraints on their ankles and wrists without
  having to kneel in front of them to do so. Kneeling was for slaves, not for
  Josephine.  
Josephine took a couple of more items from the cabinet, including a long,
  black strap-on dildo in a black leather harness and a leather riding crop similar
  to the one she'd had in the training room earlier today. The girls had not
  been told to kneel again, so they were standing where Josephine had left them.
  She closed the cabinet and began to leave the room. As she moved past the two
  girls, she said again, "Crawl and follow."  
Josephine re-entered that sitting room and sat in her favorite chair. She
  took a sip of the glass of wine as the two girls crawled to their places before
  her. Josephine placed her wine glass back on the table and regarded the girls
  momentarily.  
"Number one hundred ten, footstool," Josephine ordered. It took the tall
  slave with the dragon tattoos on her thighs a second to realize that Josephine
  had indicated her, but by number. The slave dropped to her hands and knees
  again, turned sideways and moved closer to Josephine, making sure to keep her
  back completely flat and her head down. Josephine snapped her riding crop down
  swiftly across the slave's shoulder blades. The slave quickly sucked in a deep
  breath between her teeth, but said nothing and did not break her position.  
"Remember your number next time, one-ten," Josephine said in an annoyed tone.  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the slave said, but did not look at her. A footstool
  did not regard its Mistress, even when spoken to.  
Josephine propped her feet on number one hundred ten's back and took another
  sip from her wine glass. She looked at the other slave and said, "Seventy-eight.
  Take off my boots."  
The other girl nervously moved forward on her knees. She had not been taught
  how to remove boots and didn't know if there was a special trick to it or not.  
She looked to Josephine and said, "Yes, Miss Hancock." Then added nervously, "But
  I have not been taught to remove your boots. Are there special instructions?"  
Josephine was impressed. Maybe the chubby little slut had learned something
  from her already. She said to the girl, "Untie and loosen the laces, and then
  pull them off my feet."  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the chubby girl said. She reached out and began untying
  the laces of Josephine's right boot, she loosened the laces and slid the boot
  easily off of Josephine's foot. Josephine was again impressed. The girl had
  loosened the laces enough so the boot slipped right off. The girl repeated
  the process with the left boot, placing each boot upright on the floor beside
  her.  
"Take the boots in your teeth and crawl to my closet," Josephine ordered. "It
  is through this door." She indicated the door through which they'd gone to
  get to the living room. "Once in the living room, go through the archway on
  the right-hand side of the room into my bedroom. The closet door is on the
  right wall of the bedroom. Leave the boots outside the door." She raised the
  girl's chin so she was looking her directly in the eyes. "Be gentle with my
  boots. Do not leave teeth marks on the leather and wipe your spit off of them
  before you return here."  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the girl said nervously looking into her Mistress' eyes.
  Josephine removed her toe from the girl's chin and the girl immediately took
  the boots in her teeth gently and crawled out of the room.  
Josephine placed the toes of her right foot under the nose of the slave serving
  as her footstool. "Clean my toes," she said to the slave.  
Without hesitation, the slave began to lick and suck at Josephine's toes,
  moving her tongue between each toe and underneath to ensure a thorough job
  was done. Josephine sipped at her wine while the slave sucked at her toes.
  Once the girl had finished, Josephine order her to turn around so she could
  clean the toes of her other foot with Josephine having to awkwardly stretch
  her left foot over to the slave's mouth. As the footstool was cleaning the
  toes of Josephine's left foot, the slave returned, crawling, from her duties
  with the boots.  
"Come here, seventy-eight," Josephine ordered and indicated a place on the
  floor directly below the right armrest of the chair in which Josephine sat.
  the girl crawled to the spot that was indicated an knelt.  
Josephine took one of the chubby girl's large breasts in her hands and began
  to fondle it. The slave shook somewhat at being fondled thus, but remembered
  that she should be pleasing in order not to get into trouble. She knelt still
  as the woman fondled and caressed her breast, then rolled and pinched the nipple
  slightly before moving her hand absently to the other breast and playing with
  it as well.  
The footstool had finished her cleaning of Josephine's toes and Josephine
  had returned both of her feet to the girl's back. She sat, relaxed in her plush
  red leather chair, her feet propped on one slave and her right hand caressing
  another slave's large tits while she sipped her glass of wine slowly. This
  was just what she needed to relax. Some good, quality time with a couple of
  girls. Just the feel of the chubby slut's large, soft tits in her hand was
  making her hot. She was going to enjoy teaching this girl how to satisfy her.
  This sweet, shy, plump little cunt was probably going to be one of her favorite
  playthings.  
Josephine placed her half-empty glass on the small table again and stood
  up. "One-ten, Take off my skirt," she commanded. The slave that had been serving
  as her footstool rose to her knees and unzipped Miss Hancock's skirt. Miss
  Hancock did not turn around, so the slave had to reach around her hips, her
  hands sliding over the soft leather of the skirt and Josephine's firm ass,
  to find the zipper of the skirt. The slave found the zipper and noticed quietly
  to herself that, as her hands had slid over Miss Hancock's ass, her breathing
  had become a little heavier. The slave slid the zipper down and then pulled
  the skirt off Miss Hancock's hips and down to her ankles. She was bare underneath
  and the removal of the skirt showed the naked slave on the floor in front of
  Josephine's hips the well-trimmed mons of Miss Hancock. Josephine insisted
  her slaves be totally shaved, but she like to leave a small strip of hair,
  trimmed quite short of course, just above her slit so that when a girl was
  going down on her the hair would tickle her nose and remind the usually-heterosexual
  girls she chose that they were, in fact, eating a woman's pussy.  
Josephine stepped out of the skirt and the slave girl moved it to one side,
  leaving it on the floor near the chair. She looked down into the eyes of the
  slave at her feet and thought she saw that look in the slave's eyes again.
  What was it? She thought it was lust, but she wasn't completely sure. Josephine
  turned around and told the slave to stand and remove her shirt as well. The
  slave stood and, perhaps accidentally, rubbed her smallish breasts against
  Josephine's ass as she gained her feet. Josephine's breath caught slightly,
  but hopefully not enough for the slaves to notice.  
The slave reached around Josephine, who had intentionally turned around so
  the buttons of her shirt would be on the opposite side from the slaves, and
  reached for the first of the buttons. As she slid her hands around Josephine's
  chest, the slave cupped her breasts slightly and then released them before
  taking the button in her fingers and opening it. The slave was flirting with
  her! Josephine was suddenly ver aware that the gentle, accidental touches from
  the slave were not accidents at all, but deliberate caresses designed to arouse
  Josephine. She had to admit she liked it, though. Soon, the slave had unbuttoned
  the shirt and slipped it off of Josephine's shoulders, placing it on the floor
  with the skirt.  
"Seventy-eight. Take the skirt and shirt to my room," Josephine commanded
  as she turned back around and sat down again. "Leave them on the bed and return
  here."  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the chubby girl said. She again dropped to her hands
  and knees, took the shirt and skirt in her teeth and disappeared from the room.  
"On your knees," Josephine said to the tall woman standing before her. As
  the woman dropped to her knees in front of Josephine obediently, Josephine
  swung her right leg over the right armrest of the chair, partially exposing
  her slit to the slave in front of her. She caught the slave glancing quickly
  to admire the slit in front of her. Josephine smiled inwardly. She thought
  she knew what the look in the slave's eyes was now.  
Josephine leaned forward and took the slave by the ring at the front of her
  collar. She pulled the slave's face to hers and kissed her. She slipped her
  tongue past the woman's lips and the two women's tongues played together for
  a long moment. Josephine kept kissing the slave even after the other slave
  returned from the bedroom. Josephine watched as the other slave crawled into
  the room. She saw Josephine locked in a very passionate kiss with the slave
  on the floor in front of her. The girl looked slightly stunned for a moment,
  but crawled into the room and took her former place alongside the chair.  
Josephine relaxed back into her chair. She moved her left leg up to the left
  armrest and pulled the dragon-tattooed slave's face down between her legs.
  The slave began to lick at Josephine's labia at once, but was definitely teasing
  Josephine, too, rather than just going straight to the clit and providing her
  with the orgasm most slaves assume they are there to provide. She released
  the slave's collar, allowing her to do her work. She moaned and reached out
  with her right hand and took the other slave by the collar and pulled her to
  her face as well. Josephine kissed the startled girl, who was very obviously
  shocked and had likely never even though about kissing a woman, let along actually
  doing it. After a second or two, though, the girl seemed to relax and let it
  happen, letting Josephine's tongue intertwine with hers.  
The girl was fast finding herself being turned on by the situation in which
  she found herself. She'd never, ever done any of this before. In fact, she'd
  never even considered sex with a woman before. Well, that wasn't entirely true,
  now was it? She'd found herself wondering what it would be like to be noticed
  by some of the older, more experienced women at work. She often wondered what
  it would be like if the woman sitting next to her on the plane or the bus had
  turned to her and suddenly kissed her. Now she was experiencing her fantasies
  in a situation and setting which, by all accounts, should have scared the hell
  out of her, but instead she found herself more at ease with the idea of a woman
  kissing her than she'd ever been before. Perhaps it was because she felt she
  had no choice in the matter, or that she wanted to be pleasing in order to
  survive, but that didn't seem to be the case. Not really, anyway. She liked  what
  was being done to her. She's always been shy and repressed and her family was
  always so closed about sex and sexuality. She was fat and she knew it, and
  was ashamed of her body, especially that big birthmark on her pubic area. She
  hated that thing, but didn't want to go through the embarrassment or expense
  of having it removed. She was willing to give herself to this woman for whatever
  the woman wanted her to do. She was willing and she would enjoy it as it happened.  
Josephine pulled her mouth away from the chubby slut's mouth and noticed
  the girl's eyes were still half-closed and her mouth was partly open. The lust
  was obvious on the girl's face. Se didn't want Josephine to stop kissing her.
  She wanted more and would do whatever it took to get it. Josephine pulled the
  girl's face to her breast and brushed the girl's lips with her right nipple.
  The girl opened her mouth immediately and took the hard knot of skin and tissue
  into her mouth. She sucked Josephine's nipple and licked it with her tongue
  and kissed it softly. Josephine moaned in heightened pleasure as one girl licked
  playfully at her pussy while the other lovingly caressed her nipple. She was
  in heaven. She loved being serviced this way.  
The girl between her legs slid a finger into Josephine's dripping pussy.
  She wasn't sure if this was allowed or not, but Miss Hancock was in such a
  state, the girl doubted she would mind. As she slid her finger into Miss Hancock's
  pussy, the woman groaned loudly and spread her legs wider, opening herself
  for the slave's penetration. Now the slave started sucking on Miss Hancock's
  clit and fingering her wet pussy at the same time. As she did, Miss Hancock
  writhed in the chair. She clutched at the back of the tall slave's head with
  her empty hand, trying to push the slave harder against her pussy.  
Josephine again pulled the girl at her nipple to her mouth and kissed her
  deeply. The girl moaned into her mouth and moved her hand to Josephine's nipple,
  caressing it as they kissed. The girl between Miss Hancock's legs was driving
  her wild, but the slave kissing her now knew she also had a part in her arousal.
  Her desire to please Miss Hancock drove her further, and the girl wanted to
  do as much as possible to please her. So, when Miss Hancock had pulled her
  back to her lips, she kissed her as well as she knew how and reached up to
  fondled her untended breast.  
Josephine orgasmed hard under the ministrations of the two slaves. She moaned
  into the mouth of the slave kissing her as the one between her legs drove her
  over the brink of orgasm. She pulled the girl from between her legs to her
  face using the girl's collar. She kissed the girl deeply, releasing the other
  girl's mouth from hers and forcefully kissing the mouth of the girl that had
  been servicing her pussy. She could taste her pussy in the girl's mouth and
  smell her juices on the girl's face. She didn't care. She liked the taste and
  smell of pussy, her's most of all. Josephine finished kissing the girl that
  had been doing such a lovely job of eating her pussy and turned to the other
  girl, the chubby slut with the nice, fat tits.  
"Would you like to learn to eat pussy, seventy-eight?" Josephine asked, looking
  into the girl's eyes.  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the girl said quietly, and then added, even more quietly, "Please."  
"Certainly," Miss Hancock said, and then, turning to the other girl, said
  in her commanding voice. "You. One the floor on your back."  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the tall girl said. She slid off of Josephine's lap
  and down to the floor, lying on her back, her legs spread and knees bent in
  anticipation of what was to come next.  
"Seventy-eight," Miss Hancock said. "You may join one-ten on the floor and
  you may begin eating her pussy. She is going to instruct you to show you some
  techniques, so listen to her and do as she says. If she is not pleased with
  your performance, then I always have this." She picked up the riding crop from
  where she leaned it against the small table near her chair. She stroked the
  girl's cheek with the leather tip of the crop.  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the plump girl said shyly. "I will do my best."  
"See that you do," Josephine said and released the girl's collar.  
The girl slipped to the floor and crawled between the other girl's tattooed
  thighs. Unsure of what to do first, she gently kissed the girls bare mons.
  The girl moaned quietly and told her that was a good way to start. The slave
  smiled and kissed the insides of the tattooed girl's thighs, starting a few
  inches above the apex of the thigh and kissing downward to the girl's labia,
  and then moving to the other thigh and repeating the process. The girl moaned
  and squirmed under the gentle kisses. The plump girl began kissing the tattooed
  girl's labia and mons and circling her labia with her tongue. The tattooed
  girl moaned again, this time more deeply in her throat. The plump girl began
  to lap at her slit like a cat lapping at a bowl of milk. The tattooed girl
  stopped her and told her that was not a good action. She told her to instead
  press her mouth to her labia and use her tongue to feel for the nub of the
  clit. The plump girl did as she was told; the tattooed slave had quite a large
  clit, so it was east for the other girl to find it with her tongue. The tattooed
  girl told her she was in the right spot now, and then told her to continue
  licking the clit, but also to suck on it lightly and nibble it gently. The
  plump girl complied quickly and began alternating between licking the tattooed
  girl's clit and sucking it. Soon enough, the tattooed girl's hips were bucking
  and she was moaning and had her hands on the back of the plump girl's head,
  trying to force her clit harder against the girl's tongue. In just a few moments
  the tattooed girl threw her head back in orgasm and moaned loudly, bucking
  her hips against the plump girl's face. The plump girl's face was becoming
  covered in pussy juice from the tattooed girl's wild bucking. After the tattooed
  girl calmed somewhat, she sat up and licked all of her juices off the plump
  girl's face, knowing fully that she had just coated the girl's mouth and nose
  in sticky pussy cum.  
"How was she?" Josephine asked the tattooed girl.  
"You should keep her, Miss Hancock," the tattooed girl said. "I think she's
  a natural."  
The plump girl blushed furiously and lowered her eyes to the floor. The tattooed
  girl lifted the plump girl's face in her hands and kissed her deeply. Both
  girls smiled as they finished kissing. The plump girl felt really good to know
  she was good at this. She'd always wondered if her fantasies would come true,
  and now that they had, she was happy that she'd performed up to standards for
  the girl she was pleasing.  
"You think so, do you?" Josephine said with a raised eyebrow. "Let me see." She
  put her legs over the armrests of her chair again, indicating that the plump
  girl should come demonstrate her techniques on Josephine's pussy.  
The plump girl crawled before Josephine's chair and knelt up so she could
  reach her mistress' pussy with her face. She began as she had with the tattooed
  girl and kissed Josephine's mound. Something about that action was very pleasant
  to Josephine. She'd have to make sure to have this girl include it in all her
  pussy eating sessions, of which there were certain to be many. The girl kissed
  Josephine's thighs and brought her mouth to her pussy, licking and kissing
  Josephine's labia lightly and gently before finally placing her lips against
  Josephine's slit and seeking out her mistress' clit with her tongue. Josephine
  was moving her hips in time with the girl's licking and sucking in no time.
  This girl was really good at this. Josephine wondered if she had some repressed
  bisexual fantasies that she'd never gotten to experience. Usually girls that
  had never eaten pussy before that were good at it were good because they'd
  visualized the activity many times before. In only a few moments, the girl's
  tongue and mouth had elicited an orgasm from Josephine.  
Josephine was highly impressed. She'd met some good rookies in her days,
  but she couldn't remember many as good as this one.  
"Are you a lesbian?" Josephine asked the plump girl.  
The girl looked momentarily shocked. "No, Miss Hancock," she sputtered, somewhat
  aghast at the question.  
"Have you ever eaten a woman's pussy before?" asked Josephine, pressing the
  girl despite her discomfort.  
"No, Miss Hancock," the girl said and dropped her eyes to the floor.  
"You look at me when I am speaking to you, slut," Josephine warned. The girl
  immediately returned her eyes to Josephine's. "You've had fantasies about having
  sex with women, though, haven't you?"  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the girl said quietly. She almost looked at the floor
  again, but caught herself and held her gaze steady. "Mostly with women I know
  from work or that I see on the bus."  
"Ah. I see," said Miss Hancock. "And what do you fantasize about when you
  think of these women?"  
The girl kept her eyes locked on Miss Hancock's despite her immediate desire
  to lower them, because of her embarrassment. She was still furiously blushing,
  but she was doing her best under the circumstances.  
"I usually picture myself serving their needs, Miss Hancock," the girl began. "I
  am usually made to pleasure them. Sometimes I am taken by force against my
  will and other times the fantasies are softer and more loving."  
"Which ones do you like the best?" Josephine asked, thinking she probably
  already knew the answer. "The forceful fantasies or the softer ones?"  
If it was possible, the girl blushed even more and said, "The forceful ones,
  Miss Hancock. I enjoy the idea of being dominated and controlled by the women
  in my fantasies."  
Josephine raised an eyebrow and said, "Do you now? And what about men? Do
  you have fantasies about being dominated and controlled by them as well?"  
"No, Miss Hancock," she said, looking into her mistress' eyes. "I very rarely
  have fantasies about men, and usually when I do have them, they are not overly
  sexual ones."  
"So, you find yourself more attracted to women, then, do you?" Josephine
  asked, settling back into her chair and smiling slightly.  
"Yes, Miss Hancock," the girl said, still blushing. "I guess I do."  
"Then I believe, at heart, you are probably a lesbian," Miss Hancock said
  plainly. "If women are the ones you feel most naturally attracted to and are
  the ones you fantasize the most about having sex, then you probably have lesbian
  tendencies. You might just not have known."  
The girl was shocked. She couldn't speak. Could it be true?  She
  asked herself. Could I really have been a lesbian the whole time?
  That would explain a lot.   
Josephine smiled at the girl and said, "I've seen that look before. That's
  the look of a girl that's thinking, 'that would explain why I've felt like
  this.' It's true, though. You've probably never enjoyed sex with men very much
  and never really felt much of a connection with men. You've probably always
  been more at ease with girls and women, and your fantasies tell me that you've
  been more at ease thinking of women in a more dominating role."  
The girl said nothing, but her jaw dropped open.  
"You've probably been told all your life that you were going to meet a nice
  boy, get married and have kids," Josephine continued. "But you never really
  wanted that, did you? You wanted to meet a nice girl, be told what to do, and
  get treated like a slut."  
When the girl could speak again, she said, "That's exactly it. How did you
  know?"  
"Because I was that girl once," Josephine said. The girl was again visibly
  stunned.  
Josephine turned to the tattooed slave still lying on the floor, but regarding
  the two other women and listening to the conversation.  
"And what about you?" Josephine asked.  
The girl moved from her lying position and knelt as a sign of respect to
  Josephine.  
"I have been waiting my entire life for this exact thing to happen," she
  said. "I have always wanted to be kidnaped, turned into a slave and made to
  serve against my will."  
"Really?" Josephine asked with interest. "Do go on."  
"I've spent most of my life in BDSM communities both on the internet and
  offline, but none of the people I ever met were strict enough or serious enough
  or would truly take charge of me. I have always felt I was nothing more than
  a slave, but I never could find someone to being that out in me. I was just
  moving from one disappointing relationship to the next, and I never really
  ever felt satisfied by any of them."  
Josephine raised her eyebrows. This was a surprise.  
"When we were kidnaped from that convention, I was scared," the woman said. "I
  was scared until I realized that we were not being held for ransom, but were
  instead being taken as slaves. Until now, I'd only read stories about people
  that did this sort of thing, but I'd always wished it would happen to me so
  I could finally find a satisfying place for myself. As strange as it might
  sound, I think this could very well be that place."  
Josephine leaned forward and looked the tattooed girl right in the yes and
  said, very seriously, "Then you had better be the most pleasing slave you can
  be, girl. To survive here, you have to be very good."  
The slave gulped and said, "Yes, Miss Hancock. I do truly hope to be very
  good. I know that if I am not, then I will be killed for my failings." She
  looked away, then remembered her training and immediately looked back to Josephine. "I
  think that is what will make me an even better slave."  
Josephine was a little awed. First, this was the first time she'd seen this
  girl look or sound shy. Second, she did not expect to meet anyone that actually
  wanted to be here. Josephine figured that taming every slave and making them
  quality servants for the Estate was going to be a constant fight, but here
  was a girl that actually wanted  to be here. Even more
  amazing was the fact that she wasn't afraid to die, but rather would strive
  to be more pleasing to be a better slave. This seemed like a unique characteristic
  to Josephine, but she supposed more of them could feel this way. There was
  probably no way she'd ever know for sure. She'd never be able to sit down with
  al of them and talk to them on a one-to-one basis like she was speaking to
  these girls now. Still, it didn't really matter. The stand-outs would stand
  out, and the ones that couldn't deal with their places here would die. Life
  at the Estate was that simple.  
That actually made Josephine feel a little better about what had happened
  earlier. She knew there was nothing that could have been done for those men.
  They were going to die here anyway, because they'd never allow themselves to
  be mad into slaves against their wills. They just died sooner than was expected.
  Maybe it was better that it was sooner rather than later. At least now it was
  over with and they could go about replacing the men they'd lost. She was still
  a little upset that it had to happen under her care. Regardless of what Jonathan
  Clark said, she felt there still might be some that viewed her inability to
  maintain order as a failure.  
She regarded her slaves again. She was glad she'd gotten to know them a little
  better. It would not affect her decision if one of them had to be killed in
  the future, but did let her see them in a different light. She was also glad
  that she felt better about what had happened earlier. She knew that repercussions
  were unlikely to result from the situation, but she still hated to lose control
  like that. It didn't matter to her if she truly lost face in the eyes of the
  others; it mattered more to her that she'd lost control of that situation.
  Of course, there was no controlling that situation. That group of men wasn't
  going to allow it, no matter what. Josephine accepted it and decided it was
  time to move on with things. Now, it was time for her to fuck her sluts.  
"Both of you. On your hand and knees with your asses facing away from me
  right now," Josephine commanded, standing. "Move forward a couple of feet as
  well, away from my chair." The girls at once did as they were told, instinctively
  feeling that talking time was over and it was time to get down to more serious
  business again.  
The two slaves were on their hands and knees with their asses presented to
  Josephine as she stepped into the leather harness of that held her strap-on
  dildo. Once in the harness, she picked up her crop and moved to stand behind
  the two girls. She used the tip of the crop to massage that tattooed girl's
  asshole and slit, and as she did so, the girl moaned softly and lifted her
  ass higher for Josephine, exposing more of herself to the crop. Josephine slipped
  the tip of the crop into the tattooed girl's already wet pussy and began to
  move it inside her, causing the girl to moan even more and to begin to move
  her hips in rhythm to the movements of Josephine's riding crop.  
When she felt the slave was sufficiently aroused, she go to her knees behind
  the girl. She tapped the insides of the girl's thigh with the crop, indicating
  that the girl should open her legs wider. The slave responded, allowing Josephine
  better access to the slave's wet pussy. Josephine rubbed the head of the dildo
  against the slave's slit, lubricating it, and then slid the entire length of
  it smoothly into the girl. The slave moaned loudly and shuddered with an instantaneous
  orgasm from Josephine's penetration, couple with her state of readiness.  
Josephine didn't mind the girl cumming right away. She was till going to
  use the girl as she saw fit, and she knew very well that the slave would wind
  up cumming several more times before Josephine was finished with her anyway.
  So, Josephine began moving her hips back and forth, sliding the ridged black
  dildo in and out of the girl. The girl at once began moving her hips back against
  Josephine, matching her motions. In just a few short moments, the room was
  filled with the wet sounds of sex as Josephine had her way with the tattooed
  slave from behind. As she fucked the tall woman, she reached over to the other
  girl and began fingering her pussy. Soon, she too was wet and ready for sex.  
Josephine pulled the dildo from the tattooed slave's pussy and moved behind
  the plump girl. The tattooed girl groaned as the dildo was taken out of her,
  but Josephine reached behind the girl and administered a stinging slap to her
  pussy that shut her right up. Josephine pushed the dildo into the plump girl's
  cunt and began to fuck her as she had been fucking the tattooed girl before.
  The plump girl moaned loudly and bucked her hips against Josephine's dildo.
  Josephine smiled at her little lesbian cunt and fucked her even harder.  
She reached behind the tattooed slave and pushed two fingers into the girl's
  pussy and finger-fucked her while she pushed the dildo in and out of the plump
  girl's pussy. Soon, both girls were bucking and moaning for Josephine. The
  plump girl came in a loud, moaning shudder, but Josephine didn't stop pumping
  her pussy. She worked the dildo in and out of the plump cunt just to hear the
  little bitch moan for her. While she fingered the other girl's cunt, she also
  slipped her thumb up the girl's ass. The tattooed slut immediately came again,
  much to Josephine's pleasure. It seemed like the tattooed girl was going to
  be a cum machine, which was a good thing, especially if Josephine was going
  to be using her. She liked to wear out her pussies. She liked to fuck, fist
  and whip her slaves until they were totally used up, and then to do it some
  more while they were nearly too exhausted to move.  
Josephine slid another finger into the tattooed slave's pussy, bringing the
  total count now to three. She continued to pump the plump girl's pussy at the
  same time as well. She picked up the crop that she'd let fell to the side and
  began to flick the plump girl's big, round tits with the tip of it. This brought
  little yelps out of the girl's mouth, which made Josephine's pussy start to
  twitch.  
Before long, Josephine was fisting the tattooed girl's cunt and whipping
  the plump girl's back hard with the crop. Both of the girls were screaming,
  the tattooed girl in pleasure at being so filled, and the plump girl in a mixture
  of pleasure and pain that was making Josephine's pussy drip into her leather
  harness. Josephine pulled her hand out of the tattooed girl's cunt and shoved
  the dildo into it. She then began fucking the tattooed slut's pussy while continuing
  to beat the plump girl's lovely round ass. With every thrust of the dildo,
  the tattooed girl was moaning loudly and with every snap of the crop, the plump
  girl cried out. Despite her cries, though, the plump girl still arched her
  ass outward, presenting it for Josephine to whip as she desired.  
With the hand covered in the slippery juice from the tattooed girl's pussy,
  Josephine slid two of her fingers into the tattooed girl's asshole while she
  continued to fuck the girl's pussy. The girl cried out and came again as she
  was doubly penetrated. Josephine managed to work in another finger, stretching
  th girl's ass wider, She stopped beating the other girl in order to better
  concentrate on her work, but she told the plump girl to turn over and slide
  under the tattooed girl in order to fondle and suck her breasts and nipples.
  In no time, the head of the plump girl disappeared under the chest of the tattooed
  girl and the tattooed girl's moans and pants became even louder and more frantic.  
A fourth finger went into the tattooed girl's ass, opening her wide for Josephine's
  pleasure. The girl was no longer just moaning, she was screaming at every thrust
  of the dildo and every movement of Josephine's fingers. Josephine could feel
  the dildo moving in the girl's pussy through the tissue lining between her
  ass and pussy. That really got Josephine hot, too. She pushed her hand farther
  into the girl's asshole, causing her to cry out even louder. Josephine's knuckles
  disappeared into the girl's stretched asshole, causing the girl to cry out
  again. This was starting to really drive Josephine wild. All she had to do
  now was slip the thumb in and she'd be fully fisting this slave's ass, and
  that was a good thing.  
She curled her thumb under her palm and pushed it against the girl's asshole.
  She paused for a moment to speak to the girl.  
"I'm going to put my whole hand in your ass, girl," she said, almost panting. "Do
  you understand that?"  
The girl couldn't speak, but Josephine saw her nod emphatically.  
"Good," Josephine said. "If it's too much for you, then say stop."  
The girl nodded again, but also said, "Please do it, mistress. Don't stop."  
Josephine wasn't going to argue. The slave wanted a fist in her ass, Josephine
  wanted to fist the slave's ass, so the slave was going to get a fist in her
  ass. She pushed her thumb in past the ring of the girl's anus, bringing another
  cry from the girl, and then she pushed hard into the girl and her hand slipped
  all the way into her in one fluid motion.  
The girl immediately stiffened and was deadly silent. Her entire body had
  frozen in a shaking, tense paralysis. Her head had snapped back when Josephine's
  fist had disappeared into her ass and her mouth had dropped open, but no sounds
  were coming out. The girl's eyes were squeezed tightly shut and she wasn't
  breathing.  
Finally, after several long seconds, her body let go and she could move again
  and breathe again. She'd just experienced the most intense orgasm she'd ever
  had in her life and it had completely shut her entire body down. She now was
  wobbling on shaky arms and legs, her body drained of energy. That wasn't stopping
  Josephine, though. As soon as the girl started breathing again, she started
  moving her dildo and hand in simultaneous thrusts into the girl. Almost at
  once the girl began to cry out again, though not as loudly as before. The sensations
  pouring into her body from both of the penetrated orifices were sending waves
  of what felt like electrical energy through her body. Her arms and legs wouldn't
  support her any longer, but she didn't want to collapse on top of the other
  girl. She tried to speak as best as she could.  
"I can't hold myself up," the girl said in a ragged voice in between thrusts.  
Josephine told the plump girl to move out from under that tattooed girl,
  which she did at once. As soon as the plump girl was out of the way, the tattooed
  girl feel forward onto her belly. That still wasn't going to stop Josephine.
  She continued to thrust into the girl. Her hips pushing the dildo in and out
  of her pussy and her hand thrust in and out of the girl's ass, past the wrist
  at the deepest. The girl couldn't stop cumming. Every time Miss Hancock drove
  her fist into her ass, she'd cum again. Her head and feet and hands were all
  tingling as if she was really drunk, and all other sensation had disappeared
  except for Miss Hancock's penetrations of her pussy and ass. All she could
  do was to lie there limply and moan weakly as each orgasm pounded her with
  wave after wave of sexual energy.  
Josephine could see the slave was spent, but she didn't want to stop. She
  was enjoying fucking and fisting the slave into nearly total unconsciousness,
  but she did have another toy to play with. One that was going to service her
  while she inflicted immense amounts of pain. As much as she had been looking
  forward to fisting the tattooed girl's ass and wearing her out completely,
  she was looking forward to being serviced by the plump little cunt.  
She pulled her hand out of the tattooed girls ass; it made a wet sucking
  sound as she did. The girl moaned again weakly as her ass was suddenly left
  very empty. Josephine's hand was covered in streaks and blobs of the girls'
  shit, but she didn't care about that. It came of with soap and water or, in
  different circumstances, a tongue. She also pulled the dildo out of the girl's
  pussy. She could see it was red, puffy and swollen from the use laid upon it.
  This made Josephine smile as she got to her feet and walked to the bathroom
  to wash up.  
The two slaves were left alone in the sitting room for a few moments. The
  tattooed girl could do little more than lie where she'd collapsed and drool
  on the rug. The plump girl was stroking her back and kissing her shoulder,
  offering her comfort.  
"Did you like it?" the plump girl asked.  
"Oh fuck," the tattooed girl said. "It was amazing. Absolutely incredible."  
"It sure looked like it," the plump girl said enthusiastically. "For a second
  there, I thought you'd died."  
"Yeah," the tattooed girl said. "Me, too." She managed a weak chuckle.  
"Seventy-eight! On the floor on your back with your legs spread and knees
  bent now," Josephine commanded as she re-entered the room. She was carrying
  with her a set of nipple clamps, two pairs of shackles, and a clit clip.  
The plump girl immediately assumed the position Miss Hancock requested of
  her, lying flat on her back with her legs spread and her knees up. Josephine
  crossed the room to her and knelt over her she closed one metal cuff of the
  shackle over each of the plump girl's wrists, and then closed the other cuff
  of each shackle around her ankles, making it impossible for the girl to straighten
  her legs or use her hands to guard herself. Josephine applied the tight nipple
  clamps to the slave, causing her to suck in a deep breath through her teeth
  at the sudden pain. Then Josephine fitted the clip onto the girl's clit. This
  caused her to wince with pain, but it also caused her pussy to come awake again.  
Josephine retrieved the crop from the floor where she'd left it and straddled
  the plump girl's face. With a stinging slap to the girl's shaven pussy, she
  ordered, "Eat my pussy, slut."  
The plump girl knew this was not the time for pleasantries, so she forgot
  about kissing and soft tongue caresses and went straight for the clit. She
  sucked Miss Hancock's clit into her mouth and began licking at it fervently.
  Josephine, feeling the sweet sensation of girl-tongue on her stiff clit, glided
  on the wings of the stimulus and began lightly slapping the insides of the
  girl's thighs with the riding crop. This caused some muted whimpers from the
  girl, but she kept sucking Josephine's clit and rubbing it with her tongue.
  As Josephine became more turned on, her hips rocked more and more on the girl's
  face and her strikes with the crop became harder and harder.  
The girl was crying underneath her after fifteen minutes of steady cropping
  and Josephine's cum was dripping all over the girl's face. Still, she insisted
  the girl eat her pussy and continued to whip her with the crop. In a few more
  moments, Josephine had cum again and the girl's legs and bare mons were bright
  red and welted.  
Josephine got up and walked out of the room, saying, "Don't move."  
In a moment, she returned carrying a new dildo with her. This one looked
  like a strap-on, but the harness didn't look like it fit over the hips. The
  purpose of this dildo was obvious in just a few seconds as Josephine knelt
  next tot he girl and placed the harness over the girl's face. There was a soft
  rubber ball behind the dildo that fit into the slave's mouth so she could hold
  the dildo straight with her teeth. The bound girl laying on her back now had
  a seven inch long black latex cock protruding from her mouth and pointing straight
  toward the ceiling of the room.  
Josephine again straddled the girl's face and squatted down on the large
  latex cock. She moaned as the thing penetrated her still hungry pussy. She
  began to ride the girl in earnest now, squishing her hips moistly down on the
  dildo with every down stroke. Because of the way she was kneeling over the
  girl, she wasn't going to hurt her, but she could now fuck the girl's face
  and whip her at the same time without having to worry about the girl biting
  down on her clit. The rubber ball that let the girl hold the dildo also served
  as a gag, so even if Josephine chose to strike the girl as hard as she could,
  the girl could not cry out and interrupt Josephine's rhythm as she could if
  Josephine relied on the girl to use solely her tongue to please her.  
Strangely enough, gags weren't very popular at the Estate. Most of the sadistic
  denizens of the Estate enjoyed hearing the screams of their slaves and so rarely
  ever used gags. When gags were used, they were typically done for speech restriction
  and not for silencing cries of pain. In the case of the gag Josephine was using
  on the plump girl, it was necessary for functionality.  
Josephine quickly got into a rhythm of fucking the girl's face and whipping
  her exposed thighs and pussy. Anytime the girl would try to close her legs,
  Josephine would lean back somewhat so her ass covered the girl's nose and her
  air supply was cut off. It didn't take the girl long to figure out not to close
  her legs. Josephine came twice, hard, and still she wouldn't get off the girl.
  She was in a sadistic frenzy and she wanted this girl to know what being her
  slave would truly be like.  
She commanded the tattooed girl up from the floor and told her to lie between
  the plump girl's legs and hold her cunt lips open so she could use the crop
  directly on her clit. The plump girl heard this order given and tried to protest
  from behind the gag, but Josephine again sat back on her face and rendered
  her unable to breathe. The girl was silent almost immediately. She understood
  that whatever Miss Hancock wanted, Miss Hancock was going to get. The plump
  girl resolved herself to her torture for the pleasures of Miss Hancock.  
In no time, Josephine was whipping the girl's clit hard and listening to
  the girl's screams from behind the rubber gag. It drove Josephine wild and
  she came twice more, even harder than before. She'd decided she'd finally had
  enough and moved off the girl, whose face was covered in Josephine's cum by
  now. The tattooed girl was ordered to lap up the cum while Josephine removed
  the clit clip, nipple clamps, and the shackles. The tattooed girl worked her
  tongue fervently over every inch of the plump girl's face, licking up all of
  Miss Hancock's sweet pussy juice. She also cleaned off the harness and the
  dildo as well, under Josephine's instructions.  
The plump girl's pussy was a swollen mess. Her mons was red, her labia were
  red, and even her inner labia and clit were red and swollen. Her thighs were
  covered in red, stinging welts as well. When the gag was removed form her mouth,
  she was still crying hard and tears were rolling down her cheeks and into her
  ears. Josephine kissed the girl tenderly and told her she'd done very well.
  The girl managed a smile at even those small words of praise from her mistress.  
Josephine ordered the girls to crawl behind her as she went into the bathroom.
  She used the toilet and got into the shower. The girls were not allowed to
  use her toilet, but Josephine did allow each one to squat over the shower drain
  and relieve themselves of their urine. Josephine ordered the girls to wash
  her body and hair, and then to dry her after her shower. She led the girls
  back into the bedroom where she placed her boots into her closet and fetched
  a robe to cover herself. In just a few moments, Josephine had gone from nude,
  dominatrix goddess to almost-motherly-looking woman in a bathrobe with her
  hair in a towel drying. She led the girls back into the sitting room and cuffed
  them again to the tethering bar by the same ankle chains they'd worn when they'd
  been left here. She hung the key back on the hook by the door and then went
  into her kitchen. She called for a work slave to come fetch the girls, and
  then began to make herself a cup of coffee. She finished making her coffee,
  went into the living room and began watching television. She heard the work
  slave come in and remove the girls from her rooms.  
After the door closed, she went back into the kitchen and made another call
  from her phone.  
"I want priority use of numbers seventy-eight and one hundred ten before
  all other members," she said into the telephone. She waited for a few seconds
  for her request to be confirmed, and then she said, "Good."  
She crossed back into the living room and sat again on her sofa to watch
  a television program. She smiled to herself, knowing that she could now have
  those two anytime she wanted them. She had a feeling those girls were going
  to become fixtures here in her rooms and that her pleasures and their tortures
  would last for a long time to come.  
At 6:45PM, the doors to the female side of the dark rooms were flung open
  and the women were dragged out of the cells by a team of sixteen work slaves.
  The slaves tore the women from the cells, cattle prodded them heavily and herded
  the women, screaming, into a small room down a long hallway. Once all the women
  were driven into the room, another crew of work slaves took hold of them and
  pushed them to the floor and tied their wrists and ankles in an uncomfortable
  hogtie.  
The room was smallish, only about ten feet on a side. Once the women were
  lined up on the floor, side by side, their arms and shoulders were overlapping
  because the room wasn't large enough to hold eight women side by side. The
  top half of one wall of the room was a two-way mirror. The side of the mirror
  that faced the women was the reflective side, allowing whoever was in the room
  on the other side of the mirror to see into the room in which the women were
  being held, but not allowing the women to see who was in the room beyond the
  mirror. The only other thing in the room, besides the group of work slaves
  that were now leaving the room was an odd device.  
The device stood on a metal pole about three feet high and a foot wide. It
  looked as if it was shaped for a person to lie in the device face down. There
  were contours to hold the legs of a person, and two appendages that stuck out
  from the sides of the metal device, presumably to hold the arms of a person.
  There was a small curve at one end of the device that, if a person's head were
  placed at that end of the device, would allow free and unobstructed movement
  of that person's neck. Just below the curve for the neck, one a flat piece
  of metal, which one could assume is where a human torso would lie, two holes
  were cut that were large enough to let female breasts depend through them.
  The device, to put it simply, was designed to hold a person face down and allow
  access to any of that person's body. A person strapped into the device could
  have their feet and sides tickled, their back, ass, shoulders, thighs, calves
  and arms flogged, or their mouth, ass, pussy or cock used sexually. A female's
  breasts would dangle through the holes in the flat piece of metal so they,
  too, could be tortured or used for sexual purposes. For this particular event,
  though, the device would hold women while they were raped.  
The work slaves that had fetched the women now returned to fetch one of the
  men. The man was taken to the room on the opposite side of the two-way mirror
  from the women. The man was then strapped to an X-frame and forced to watch
  helplessly the events that unfolded in the room beyond.  
Robert Carlyle stood in the room which overlooked the small room in which
  the women were being held. As a man was brought into the room and strapped
  into the frame, he identified the wife of the man strapped to the frame as
  the appropriate woman to be placed into the device. The work slaves would then
  enter the room holding the women, untie the correct woman, and then strap her
  into the device. Then, as the man strapped into the frame in the viewing room
  watched, four men would enter the room and beat and rape his wife. The man,
  of course, could do nothing except struggle on the frame, watch, and yell at
  the window. The room was soundproofed so the man could yell all he wanted,
  but his wife would not hear him.  
After the men finished beating and raping the woman, she was taken off the
  device and carried away by work slaves to the dorms to be housed. The men that
  had raped the woman would then enter the room and drag the man off the frame,
  beat him with their fists or with whips until he could no longer resist, and
  then they would drag the semi-conscious man to his next destination: The changing
  room.  
This process was repeated six more times. Each wife was raped and beaten
  by a different team of men, then taken away and housed. Afterward, the man
  was then beaten almost unconscious and taken away by the same men that had
  raped his wife to the changing room. The woman whose husband had failed to
  show at the party was not immune, either. Despite the fact that her husband
  could not be in attendance, the woman was raped and beaten and then taken away
  and housed.  
Robert Carlyle watched the whole process smiling the entire time. He stood
  in the viewing room and listened to the men cry out for their wives and curse
  him to hell. Carlyle smiled and smoked cigarettes the entire time. The insults
  and brutalization of both the men and women only amused him further.  
Once the process was over, Carlyle walked down the hall to the changing room
  to check on the men. By the time he arrived, they had all been dressed in black
  French maid's outfit, complete with stockings and garters. Each man had been
  given a healthy dose of tranquilizers to keep him calm and easily open to suggestion.
  For the next three months, these men would be give daily doses of estrogen
  and progesterone to increase the 'womanly' features. Eventually, they would
  develop breasts, curvy hips and a higher, more effeminate voice. Also, their
  cocks could begin to shrink and their testicles would shrivel into near-nothingness.
  In addition to the hormone therapies, the men would also undergo daily subliminal
  suggestions and be continuously referred to as women, by female names, and
  have the idea that they are actual women enforced upon them by members of the
  Estate with degrees in psychology and neurology, of which, oddly, there were
  actually quite a few.  
When the process of effeminating and brainwashing the men was complete, they
  would be formally trained as slaves and then they would serve the male volunteers
  and members of the Estate as sex slaves and fuck toys. Thus was their life
  until they outlived their usefulness. The women would simply be placed into
  the next day's training classes and would be made into slaves for the amusement
  of all the members. Either that or they would resist and be executed forthwith.
  Robert Carlyle had already signed orders letting all the members of the Estate
  know that these particular women were expendable, but that their husbands should
  be kept unless they proved to not accept the psychological and hormonal therapies.
  He would personally enjoy jerking his cum into the mouths and faces of some
  of these sons of bitches that had tried to backstab him on their way to the
  top of the corporate ladder or tried to keep him from climbing the ladder to
  the top of Herbert Warner Industries. Now he controlled the company and these
  men. His revenge was complete.  
Dinner was served late in the dorms because of the training schedule, but
  when it was brought in at 8:00PM, less of the stubborn slaves refused to eat
  than this morning or at lunch. Slowly but surely, their hunger was getting
  the best of them. In another day or so, they would all have partaken of their
  share of freshly killed and cooked slave meat.  
The slaves were fed at eight and by ten when lights out came, most of them
  were ready for sleep. The training session had been hard on some of the slaves,
  and tomorrow's session wasn't going to be any lighter than this day's was.
  The girls numbered seventy-eight and one hundred ten collapsed from exhaustion
  after they ate. They were too tired to wait for lights out. Each of them pulled
  their blankets over their faces and was asleep in moments.  
Sometime after dinner was served and lights out, the girl on the X-frame
  gave up. She could not go another day without food or water and the torture
  she'd endured had taken it's toll. Her body went limp on the frame as she expired.
  She would still stand as a testament to those that would displease the Collectors,
  though. Her body would be removed after lights out tomorrow night.  
Tomorrow would be another busy day for the Collectors. Two new recruiting
  missions were scheduled and training classes were to be held again. The Estate
  would open fully in just over a week's time and they still needed over three
  hundred girls recruited and trained before the formal grand opening party.
  They were going to be cutting it to the wire, it seemed.  
Jonathan Clark did realize that he could open with the three hundred girls
  he had now, but having several disposable slaves for the opening party would
  be so much nicer. There were so many things to finish between now and then,
  he could hardly worry about the number of slaves, though. He was still planning
  events for the party. It was going to be one hell of a bash. That much was
  certain.  
Part Five: College Girls 
The University of Louisiana, Monroe 
Anderson Hall 
4:00AM 
The sun had not yet risen over the quiet Louisiana campus, and student life
  had not yet begun. Even the food service workers and graduate students were
  still asleep in their beds. No one was awake to see the two black semi trucks
  pull to a stop at the side of a lonely side road. Not one person even twitched
  in their sleep as a yellow school bus and a black town car pulled into a parking
  lot on the campus. 
Eighty men in civilian clothing emerged from the bus after the engine was
  turned off and the headlights were extinguished. Each man carried a small duffle
  bag sporting the school's logo. The men walked quietly, easily and confidently
  into the lobby of the building in front of which the bus had parked. 
The lobby would have been stylish in the 1960s. The furniture had that avocado
  green, vinyl upholstered look to it that seemed to be so popular in that era.
  In the lobby of a college dormitory, however, the furniture looked a bit ridiculous.
  Still, the abhorrence of the furniture was mild compared to the awful still-life
  paintings and portraits hanging on each wall and lit by glaring overhead track
  lighting. The whole room carried with it the feeling that the person had just
  walked backwards in time. 
At the far end of the lobby sat a desk at which a student resident assistant
  dozed. At hearing the approach of many footsteps, she perked up and looked
  around to see what was happening. She saw the large group of men approaching
  her desk and was at once shocked. 
Hey! You can't be in here, the girl at the desk said, standing up. This
  is a girl's dorm. 
We know, the first of the men said calmly as her crossed the last couple
  of steps to reach the girl at the desk. He reached out quickly and grabbed
  her by the ponytail at the top of her head. The shocked look on her face would
  have been comical under different circumstances. The man dragged her across
  the desk and pulled her to the floor. Another man quickly taped her mouth closed
  and tied her hands with a plastic strip. The thought to scream never even occurred
  to the girl, and now it was way too late. She was swiftly dragged to her feet
  again and carried by the man to one of the horrible couches in the lobby. The
  man placed her on her stomach on the couch and told one of the other men to
  keep an eye on her. 
As the horrified and shocked girl watched, the men opened their duffles and
  removed from them masks to cover their faces and sleek-looking black automatic
  pistols onto the ends of the barrels of each was attached a silencer. The girl's
  eyes went even wider as she saw all the guns. 

The lobby of the dormitory was located in the middle of the ground floor.
  Hallways depended from the lobby to the right and left that led to the rooms
  on the ground floor. Since this was only a three story structure and it was
  quite old, there were no elevators to the upper floors. In each of the halls
  were two stairwells, one on either end of the hall, leading to the upper two
  floors. Presently, the doors into the hallways were closed, as they were every
  night after eight and they would remain so until eight in the morning. All
  the doors to the outside were locked, except the front door, so anyone coming
  or going from the dorm had to enter or leave through the lobby. This made it
  easier for the night monitor to keep up with traffic in and out of the dorm,
  but it also served to make the job these men were here to do even easier than
  if the doors were all usable. There were two fire exits that would need to
  be watched, though. The prohibition on boys in the dorm and the curfew couldn't
  compromise safety, after all. All dorms were required to conform to local fire
  codes. 
The mercenaries for the Collectors Estate, under the direction of the man
  that had quickly dealt with the girl at the desk, were dispatched swiftly and
  efficiently into the dorm. Three men stayed in the lobby. Two were assigned
  to watch the front door and the girl and one to watch the rear door leading
  out of the lobby. One man was assigned to watch each outside door, even the
  locked ones just to be safe, and one man was stationed at each stairwell door
  on each floor. That left about seventy men to do the actual work this morning. 
Quietly and efficiently, the men entered each hallway in the dorm. Two doors
  at a time were opened with highly-effective lock picking devices. Before the
  girls in each room could even wake, men were on top of them in their beds,
  taping their mouths closed and tying their hands behind their backs. The dorm
  was almost completely full. That meant two girls to almost every room, twenty
  rooms to a hall, six halls, for a total of almost 240 girls. This would be
  another excellent haul, and would nearly fill the Collectors' quota. Of course,
  any X-classes wouldn't count toward the final total, but the number would still
  be good. 
In barely twenty minutes, 120 rooms had been opened and entered and the inhabitants
  of each removed, bound and gagged, into the hallways of the dorm. The girls,
  still in their night clothes or less, were all herded at gunpoint into single-file
  lines in each hallway. When all the girls were finally secure, one man radioed
  an all clear signal. 
In the parking lot, the back door of the black town car opened and out stepped
  a man in a black suit. He was not wearing his expensive sunglasses yet today,
  as the sun had not yet risen. He was carrying a stainless steel coffee mug
  full of strong, black coffee, though. The man in black was not much of a morning
  individual, but he did not let his personal preferences interfere with his
  business. If his employers demanded that he worked at four in the morning,
  then he worked at four in the morning without complaint. 
The man in black entered the dormitory lobby; his face was emotionless, passionless,
  but in its calmness, it was very, very scary. He made a motion to one of the
  men guarding the lobby and the man immediately opened the nearest door and
  indicated for the first group of girls to be brought into the lobby. As the
  first line of forty girls was being herded into the lobby, the man in black
  looked at the girl that had been restrained on the couch. His cold eyes regarded
  her with the barest hint of humanity. She was an object to him, a prize. Nothing
  more than that. The man in black turned from the girl on the couch and regarded
  the girls that had just been brought into the lobby. Each girl that saw him
  felt a chill in her stomach and somehow instinctively knew that this man was
  not to be tried or frustrated. 
The lobby of the dorm was far to small to hold all the girls at once, so the
  plan was to bring the girls into the lobby one hallway at a time, strip them,
  inspect them and then send each line to the trucks one at a time. After the
  first line of girls had been moved into the lobby, half the men that had been
  guarding and herding them moved along the line of girls and cut the plastic
  binding each girl's hands. They left the gags intact, though. Any excessive
  shrieking from one of the girls' dorms was likely to be noticed. 

So, you are all Catholic sluts in this dorm? the man in black asked as he
  walked down the line of girls. What an interesting way to house Catholic sluts.
  It is almost like a convent, is it not? 
The girls said nothing. What could they say? Their mouths were still taped
  shut. They could only stand and watch the man curiously and with fear. 
Listen to me, Catholic sluts, the man said in his strange accent. I am
  going to give you instructions and you are going to obey them. If you do not
  obey them, these men will kill you. He paused as several of the girls made
  strange frightened sounds from behind their makeshift gags. 
These men have removed your bonds for a reason, the man in black said, walking
  the room and looking from frightened face to frightened face. Your hands have
  been freed so each of you may remove all of your clothing, you will do it quickly
  and quietly. If you do not, you will be shot. 
There were various moans of frustration and mournful sobs from mouths held
  captive behind duct tape gags. However, a quick look about the room at all
  the men holding guns was all it took to convince the girls to obey and stay
  alive. 
Soon, several men were lining the girls up into four straight lines of ten
  girls each. As each girl's ands were freed, they each began removing what clothing
  they were wearing. Since the girls had been taken from their rooms in their
  night clothes, most of them were only in pajamas. Several girls were wearing
  less than that, preferring to sleep in only panties or a nightshirt. In short
  order, all of the girls were completely naked for the inspection of the man
  in black. 
It took the man in black almost no time at all to inspect and grade the line
  of forty girl. He was so accustomed to viewing female flesh, he had an instinct
  for it by now. In his former line of work, he had occasion to hone those skills.
  In an instant, he could size up a woman, or a man if necessary. He knew immediately
  how much they weighed, what size shoes they wore, the shape of their feet,
  what size bra they wore, the size of their hips, the curves of their bodies,
  the shape and fullness of each girl's lips, the length of their fingers, freckles,
  and several other characteristics that were employed in the inspection and
  grading process. 
In what seemed like mere moments, each girl had been inspected, her bra size
  written on her chest, her height and weight written on the back of her right
  shoulder, any piercings or modifications circled in bright red marker, and
  a final grade written on her forehead. Not surprisingly, given the day and
  age, this group had a large number of piercings. It seemed that, in their desire
  to be unique and individual, teens had failed to notice that they were conforming
  in their own ways. Rebellion in predictable fashion is still conformity, and
  these girls seemed eager to conform to their rebellious natures. The forty
  girls' hands were again bound and they were herded from the lobby through the
  back door of the dormitory, the lock of which had been picked with ease by
  the man guarding it, and out to the trucks. The S and E class girls were herded
  like cattle up stainless steel pull-out ramps and into the cargo trailer of
  one truck, while the A, B, and X class girls were herded into the other truck. 
As soon as the first line of girl was secured in the trucks, the second line
  was brought into the lobby by the men guarding them. They, too, were unbound,
  stripped, inspected, graded, bound again, and herded to the trucks. The process
  was repeated a total of six times until the dorm was empty and all the girls
  were naked, graded, and stowed on the trucks. 

The girls housed in this dorm were of a variety of body types, height and
  weight. Each girl, however, apparently fell between the age range of seventeen
  to nineteen. This was a very good age for nubile slaves under the whip. At
  this age, they would be somewhat rebellious, but also immediately loyal and
  obedient once they were broken. Each of these girls were as unique as the next.
  Some of them had tanned skin, others were pale. Some girls were thin and tightly
  muscled while others were overweight with sagging bulges of fat. The girls
  in this dormitory could easily satisfy any fetish or desire based on body type.
  And now they all belonged to the Estate, whether they knew it or liked it or
  not. 
Remember what we were told, gentlemen, the leader said, once all the girls
  were secured aboard the trucks. Remove the tape this time. We don't want any
  more losses then necessary. 
Several men moved into each trailer and began removing the tape from the mouths
  of the girls. Guns pointed at their heads kept the shrieks quieted to fearful
  sobbing. No one wanted to die, and it was very clear that these men would kill
  them. Despite their hysteria, the girls knew instinctively that their lives
  depended on their being quiet. 
The man in black had already returned to his car and the car had departed
  the area. Once the trailers were loaded and the trucks were on their way, the
  men made their way back to the school bus in which they'd arrived. They'd retrieved
  their bags and removed their masks before crossing into the parking lot and
  filing back onto the bus. 
At 6:00AM, when the food services were just opening their doors, and the graduate
  students were stirring in preparation for another day of heavy studying, over
  two hundred girls sat huddled together in the backs of unmarked black semi
  trucks. Each wondered what was going to happen to them. 
Strangely enough, it took three full days before anyone even noticed the girls
  were missing. Their absences from classes were noted as normal college girl
  activity, and since they were living on campus, even their families had no
  idea they were gone. Only when one girl's boyfriend reported that he hadn't
  seen her in three days was campus security alerted to the missing girl. When
  a security officer was sent to her dorm to check on her, he found the dorm
  to be completely empty and no girls at all present. This was not taken as odd
  by the officer, who was not the brightest bulb in the box, until his supervisor
  asked him if there were purses in the rooms. When the officer answered that
  the purses were still in the rooms, then the supervisor said there was big
  trouble. 
On the afternoon of the third day, it was assessed that none of the girls
  from that dorm had been to class in three days, and that no one had even seen
  any of them in that period of time. The following morning, the state police
  were called in to assist with the investigation. The girls had all disappeared
  without a trace. By the time the state police had been called to assist in
  the investigation, the girls had already been processed into the Estate. 
This operation had gone far more easily than the man in black had ever expected
  it would have gone. 
Part Six: The Pool 
Municipal Swimming Facility 
Salem, North Carolina 
4:00PM 
It was that time of year. The time when it was too cool to go to the beach,
  but too nice to stay at home inside. The Municipal Swimming Facility hosted
  one of the largest indoor swimming facilities in the city, and today it was
  packed with people. Given the time of day, the crowd consisted of mostly teenagers
  just getting out of school. There were also a few older people there as well.
  Senior citizens performing water aerobics and the forties crowd trying to work
  off the winter fat made up the rest of the crowd. There were no parents with
  small children present, because a sign had been posted for days now warning
  that today the staff would be cleansing the poll with a special algae-eating
  agent that might cause allergic reactions in younger children. So, the parents
  were happy to keep their kids out of the pool today. 
The truth was that there was no agent or possible allergy alert. A representative
  of the Collectors Estate had visited the pool earlier in the week while scouting
  and seen the local crowd. He'd been quite impressed, but noticed a lot of younger
  children there on the day he'd visited. The Estate had little interest in toddler-aged
  children, and even the hardest of the mercenaries were loath to kill the really
  young. Therefore, in the interest of humanity, the Estate representative, posing
  as a cleaner, convinced the swimming facility's manager that they needed an
  algae scrub, and that the younger children would need to be kept out of the
  pool for twenty-four hours during the scrub. Fortunately, the manager bought
  the story and the unnecessary loss of life was avoided. 
For the most part, the crowd was having a fun day. The seniors were in one
  pool performing their aerobics, the teens were mostly in another pool frolicking
  and grouped together in their own little cliques, and the remainder of the
  people were gathered in and around the third pool. Bleachers lined three of
  the walls surrounding the pools, and in the bleachers, seated high up away
  from the rest of the crown was one woman that looked remarkably out of place.
  She was blonde, dressed in sharp business attire and she was staring intently
  at a laptop resting on her knees. She barely even heard the ruckus going on
  around here, so focused was she on her work. In a few moments, though, she
  closed the laptop and produced a cell phone from a pocket of her tailored jacket.
  She placed the earpiece of a headset device in her ear and dialed a number.
  She dropped the phone back into the pocket from which she'd produced it in
  the first place and began to speak quietly into the phone. 
As the woman's words were quietly spoken, groups of men began moving into
  the swimming facility from various positions about the building. The first
  team swept through the entrance area, herding everyone there back toward the
  pool area. The second team went in with the first team, but broke off and swept
  through the locker rooms, also herding any people in those rooms into the pool
  area as well. The remaining four teams of men entered through the various emergency
  exits, picking the security locks and disabling the alarms first. These teams
  quickly took control of the pool area itself and moved everyone from the bleachers
  to the concrete floor of the pool area. In moments, the pool facility was closed
  to the outside public, guards posted at all the doors and all the people had
  been herded, in shock, at gunpoint out of the entryway, out of the locker rooms,
  off of the bleachers and out of the pools to the floor. The people looked about
  nervously, seeing only men with guns and masks surrounding them. 
One of the men near the door to the entryway picked the security lock and
  began flipping switches on a small metal switch plate. The motorized bleachers
  began to trundle backwards away from the pools and toward the walls. Extended,
  the bleachers offered seating for nearly a thousand people, but retracted they
  barely took up two feet of floor space. With the bleachers retracted, the floor
  space of the facility had quadrupled. From the corner of the room, the blonde
  woman with the laptop walked forward. 
She said in her loud, clear, professional voice, Listen to me people. Almost
  at once, everyone's attention turned to her. 
She continued to speak, walking along the group of frightened people. You
  will follow the instructions I give you and do exactly as you are told to do.
  If you don't follow my instructions, these men will kill you. She had to paused
  as some of the younger girls shrieked in fear. If you do exactly as you are
  told, without hesitation, you will live through this experience. 
People began to get nervous. Murmuring began in the crowd. Some of the younger
  ones in the crowd began to cry. 
Listen to me! the blonde woman said loudly, and again the room was silent. This
  is no joke. If you don't do as you are instructed, you will die. If anyone
  thinks these men won't kill them, then I invite those people to step forward
  now to be the example. 
No one moved and no one spoke. 
Good, the woman said. Now that I have your attention, here's what I want:
  I want anyone under the age of eighteen against that wall over there. She
  pointed to her left. Anyone between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five I
  want against that wall. She pointed to the far wall away from her. And anyone
  over the age of thirty-five I want against that wall. She pointed to her right
  this time. Now move! 
At once, assisted by the armed men in masks, the people began to separate
  and move toward the walls as they'd been instructed. A group of three teen
  boys, in a moment of teen stupidity and fearlessness, tried to overpower one
  of the mercenaries and take his gun. The three boys were subdued and killed
  in second, and a panic broke out in the crowd for a few minutes, but was contained
  without any further losses. 
In less than ten minutes, the large crowd had split into three groups, each
  group against a different wall of the building. The people stood nervously,
  but silently, looking at the men with guns and wondering if any of them really
  would make it out of here alive. 
The woman moved toward the group of people against the left-hand wall. The
  under eighteen group would be the easiest to control and subdue, especially
  after the example set by the group of boys the mercs had killed. The bodies
  of those boys had been dragged away into the locker room area. 
Okay! the blonde woman said to the group, loudly enough to be heard clearly. I
  want boys on the left and girls on the right. The people began to move into
  two groups, one of girls and one of boys. Good, the woman said. Now hold
  still. 
She moved to the center group of people and instructed them to separate into
  male and female groups as well. Finally, the people against the right-hand
  wall were told to do the same. After the people were separated into groups
  by age, and then by sex, the woman moved back to the first group; the under
  eighteen group. 
Suddenly, and without any warning, a bot yelled, Rush them! and sprung forward
  at the closest mercenary. Apparently, he expected the rest of the group to
  follow his example, but all they could do was watch, startled, as the boy ran
  forward at the mercenary. The mercenary raised his gun, but the blonde woman
  yelled at him not to shoot. Instead, the merc caught the boy as he grappled
  for the gun, flipped the boy over his hip and to the floor, and knelt over
  the boy, pinning the boy's arms at his side with his knees. The merc looked
  to the blonde woman for instructions. 
There's always one, she muttered to herself. She walked to the boy and crouched
  down near him as he struggled under the weight of the muscular mercenary. 
She slapped the boy hard across the face. Stunned, he stopped struggling and
  looked up at her. I'm going to kill you, she said. You should know that
  right away. But because you're being a pain in my ass, I'm going to torture
  you for a couple of hours first. That's your reward for your heroics. 
She looked at the mercenary as the boy goggled at her. Get him out of here, she
  said. Tie him up in the girls' bathroom until I can get to him. 
The mercenary turned the boy over and pulled his arms behind him he dragged
  the boy, screaming, to his feet and toward the door to the girls' lockers and
  bathroom. It was the same door through which the dead boys' bodies had previously
  been dragged. The boy screamed and tried to kick out at the mercenary the whole
  way into the bathroom, but the mercenary was far too powerful for the youth.
  In no time at all, the boy was pushed to the floor of a bathroom stall and
  his hands tied with a plastic strip to a toilet. The boy wasn't going anywhere;
  at least not without tearing the skin off his hands or gnawing off one of his
  own arms first. 
The blonde woman returned her attention to the two groups of people in front
  of her. She moved to the group of girls first. She saw the fearful looks on
  their faces, she saw the tears in their eyes. She saw the young faces glancing
  from her to the men's guns, and back to her again. The blonde woman loved this.
  This sense of power was the greatest part of this job. Better than the torture,
  better than the kidnaping, better than the knowledge that all of these people
  would be living a life of slavery, if they lived at all, after this day; all
  of that was nothing compared to looking at the people and seeing the fear,
  the anxiety, the uncertainty in their eyes. Just watching these girls made
  her feel powerful, like god. She knew that, with one word, she could have any
  one of them killed, and these men would never question her order. Just knowing
  that made her pussy drip with moisture. The thought of torturing one of these
  twelve, or sixteen year old girls until they begged her to put a bullet in
  their head, and then granting that wish made the blonde woman made her want
  to cum. 
Watching the girls' faces, she gave the command she'd been waiting to give
  since she'd gotten here, Strip out of your swimsuits. 
With those five words, the younger girls instantly deteriorated into uncontrollable
  sobs. They begged her with their eyes to not make them do this. Each of them
  looked at the woman with tears in their eyes, hoping to touch some sense of
  sympathy in her. If they only knew they were doing the opposite, the girls
  would never have bothered. Seeing the tears and the fear only made the woman
  wetter, hornier, and more willing to kill all of them to satisfy her own depraved
  sexual urges. 
The guns pointed at their heads convinced the girls that their modesty would
  only get them killed. First one, then a few more, and finally al the girls
  as a group began stripping out of their swim wear. In just a moment, bikinis,
  swimsuits, swim shirts and shorts were all lying in piles in front of the girls.
  The girls hugged themselves to cover their nudity or to keep warm in the slightly
  chilly air inside the facility. The heated water of the pools made the air
  fairly warm, but being completely naked allowed the air to cool more of the
  skin. 
From the group of women against the center wall, a voice suddenly cried out. Why
  don't you just leave them alone? They're just children! 
The blonde woman wheeled around, incredible upset at being distracted from
  viewing the lovely exposed girl flesh before her. 
Who said that? she said angrily. Bring her forward. 
One of the mercenaries grabbed the woman who'd made the outburst by the hair
  and dragged her away from the rest of the group. The blonde woman stalked over
  to the woman and slapped her hard in the face. The blonde woman slapped her
  once, then twice, and the a third time, raising red welts one the woman's face.
  The woman could only look back at the blonde woman in shock and fear. 
You listen to me, you filthy cunt, the blonde woman seethed at the woman
  that had yelled out. I give the fucking orders around here, bitch. Not you!
  Me! If I hear another fucking word out of your fucking mouth, I'll have your
  tongue cut out and then make you fucking well eat it! Do you understand me,
  bitch? 
The woman looked back at the blonde fearfully. Her bottom lip trembled, as
  if she'd just realized at how much risk she'd placed herself. 
I asked you a question, bitch. Answer me! the blonde woman cried out at
  the trembling woman. 
Yes, I understand, the woman stammered. Her voice barely a whisper. 
What? the blonde woman shouted at her, grabbing the woman's face and pulling
  her closer. I didn't fucking hear you, whore. What did you say. 
I said yes, I understood you, the woman said, tears popping into her eyes. 
Good. You fucking well better. the blonde woman said, releasing the woman's
  face. She turned to the mercenary holding her and said, Put her back in the
  group. 
The blonde woman returned to the groups of younger swimmers. She eyed the
  girls again, but stopped in front of the boys. It was their turn now. The blonde
  woman hoped to enjoy seeing the boy flesh as much as the girls. Although, girls
  were more to her liking. Boys tended not to cry as much, and they tried to
  remain strong as taught by their fathers. She loved torturing boys, though.
  She loved the moment when she finally broke them and they wept like babies
  for her. She also loved to humiliate young boys by taking them anally with
  her largest strap-on dildos. Her favorite use for young boys was to beat and
  torture them until they cried, then to have anal sex with them until they bled
  while at the same time jerking their little cocks with her hand until they
  had no choice but to cum for her, still crying from the pain and humiliation,
  and then she'd kill them, often by placing a plastic bag over their heads until
  they suffocated. That way she could watch their eyes as the life drained out
  of them. 
You boys, she said. It's your turn. Strip naked. 
The boys, too, were reticent to comply, but just like the girls, the guns
  were powerful motivators. Soon, boys were stripping out of their shorts and
  the clothes were in piles in front of them, too. It seemed that, despite the
  danger they were in, some of the boys had apparently been sneaking glances
  at the naked girls because several of the boys were sporting hard cocks. 
Well, look at this, the blonde woman said, moving to the nearest boy with
  a stiff penis. We have a few little perverts here. She reached out and took
  hold of the boy's cock and pulled him toward her, using it as a handle. 
The boy said nothing, but looked at her with eyes as wide as saucers. He was
  trembling, but his little cock, which was just starting to brim with pubic
  hair, was stiffer now than it was before she grabbed him. 
You like looking at these girls, boy? she asked, giving his cock a little
  squeeze. 
The boy said nothing, but nodded at her. 
Which one's your favorite? she asked him, looking over at the group of girls. 
The boy quickly looked down at the floor, too ashamed to say anything. 
The blonde woman squeezed his cock harder and asked again, Which one's your
  favorite? 
The boy cringed slightly as she squeezed his member. It didn't really hurt,
  but it made him have that feeling in his legs and hips like he felt while he
  was stroking it while he was wearing a pair of his mom's panties. 
Shelly Winters, the boy said quietly, as if he didn't want Shelly to hear
  him. 
Shelly, huh? the woman asked. What's so nice about Shelly? 
The boy just looked down at the floor again, not saying a word. 
Let's find out, why don't we? she asked, letting go of his cock and walking
  back to the group of girls. Which one of you is Shelly Winters? 
For a moments, no one said or did anything. Then a girl stepped forward. She
  was about five feet, two inches tall with long blonde hair, muscular legs,
  a narrow waist, hips that were just starting to show the curves of womanhood,
  and large, round, firm breasts. 
I can see why he likes you, the woman said, looking her up and down. The
  girl instinctively covered herself from the sudden attention her nakedness
  was bringing her. She suddenly had a brilliant and perverted idea. She reached
  into her jacket and brought out her red pen. 
Hold still, she told Shelly. This will just take a second. 
The blonde woman marked the letters AF SH on Shelly's left upper arm. 
Now, don't rub that off or smear it, okay? the woman said. If you do, the
  people you're going to meet will think you're trying to hide something from
  them, and they don't like that. The girl nodded at the woman and didn't touch
  the letters marked on her. 
The blonde woman went back to the boy who was still sporting his hard-on.
  She grinned inwardly as she saw his still-stiff cock standing out away from
  his body. Her pussy also twitched at the thought of what was to come for this
  boy. She was going to enjoy watching her plan unfolding. She wrote the same
  letters on his left upper arm, too. She also made a mental note to email her
  special handling instructions to the Estate after she was finished here. 
Okay, the blonde woman said to the youngsters. All of you move back against
  those bleachers and put your butts right up against them. I'm going to have
  a look at all of you, and then these men will escort you out of here. She
  motioned to the mercenaries guarding the group of youngsters. 
The group moved against the bleachers and the woman, starting with the girls
  first, moved along the line from person to person, inspecting and grading them.
  There were no cosmetic enhancements to speak of in this group and only the
  older girls, the seventeen and eighteen year olds had any tattoos, and even
  then there weren't many. It was impossible for the blonde woman to assign an
  effective bra size to some of the younger girls, as they had not yet started
  to develop breasts. So instead of trying to assign a bra size to those girls'
  information, the blonde woman simply marked them as ?A. That told the handlers
  at the Estate that those girls were too small for actual bras or harnesses. 
She then moved to the group of boys and graded them as well. She moved down
  the line of boy flesh, noting the hairless penises, the immature slimness of
  their bodies, and the bodies of the boys just coming of age. 
One of the boys shocked her. He was an eighteen year old with broad shoulders
  and well-developed muscles; a football player's physique. What shocked her
  about this boy was that he had a Prince Albert piercing. She had not expected
  to see that on any of these kids. She just shook her head slightly and marked
  the head of his penis with her red marker. She thought he might fit well in
  the Estate. 
The youngest group was finally inspected and graded. The blonde woman gave
  the mercenaries orders to remove them. The mercs led the group away, out the
  door into the entryway of the pool facility. As the group approached the front
  doors to the pool, they saw that three semi rucks had back almost all the way
  to the front doors. A large blue tarpaulin screen had been erected and supported
  by metal poles, shielding the front entrance to the pool and the trucks from
  view of the roadway nearby. Unseen to the group being led to the trucks, but
  viewable from the road, a sign was posted in front of the big blue tarp announcing
  that the pool was closed for cleaning. 
The group was led out of the facility and into the backs of the trucks, sorted
  by the rankings assigned to each of them by the blonde woman after her inspection.
  The back doors of the trucks were left open, but they were guarded by the group
  of mercenaries and told to remain very, very quiet. More people would be joining
  these youngsters in the back of the trucks, so there was no sense in closing
  the doors. If any of these kids yelled or spoke up, they'd be shot as an example
  and that would take care of that. 
Back at the pool, the blonde woman had moved on to the next age group. She
  ordered the women to strip, and then the men. She went from person to person
  inspecting and grading them. The woman that had pissed her off earlier, she
  secretly assigned an X ranking to, even though the woman was obviously an A-class
  specimen. This group seemed to be somewhat vainer than the previous group,
  too. Several of the women had breast enhancements done. Overall, though, the
  group was pretty natural, and was graded fairly highly. There weren't a lot
  of S-classes in this group, but there were plenty of A-classes and several
  E-classes as well. 
The mercenaries led that group out of the pool and into the trucks as well,
  again separating them by ranking. The people in the trucks were again warned
  against making any sound at all. If anyone spoke, they were told, they and
  the two people next to them would be shot. 
The blonde woman moved to the next groups. These were the older people in
  the crowd. The range here was from thirty-five and up. As she looked over the
  members of this group, she knew not many of them were acceptable. All the seniors
  had to go. They were completely useless to the Estate. They were too old and
  frail to withstand the rigors of torture, they were useless as sexual objects,
  and they were even useless as X-classes because their meat would be to stringy
  to make effective meals. 
As she moved down the line of people, all the truly old and frail she told
  to step away from the line, along with several of the fifty year old crowd
  that didn't have the looks to make the cut. The woman ordered these people,
  nearly three-quarters of this group, taken to the locker room by several of
  the mercs. The mercenaries knew well enough what that meant without having
  to be given explicit instructions. 
As the elderly and the unacceptable were being executed, the blonde woman
  ordered the rest of the men and women of the group to strip. They were then
  inspected and grade just like all the rest had been before. This group was
  then taken out to the trucks and loaded along with the rest of the groups. 
The doors of the trucks were closed, the mercenaries took off their masks
  and put away their weapons. The clothing they were wearing could easily be
  that of a pool cleaning company. A group of men took down the tarp covering
  the entrance and the trucks pulled away from the swimming facility. They were
  on the road and on their way to the Estate in no time. The men loaded themselves
  into a couple of travel buses and also headed back to the Estate. Only the
  woman and her boy toy remained behind. The entrances to the pool were all locked
  and the notice of cleaning sign was left up outside so no one was expected
  to bother her while she did her work. Her favorite kind of work. 
The blonde woman took a seat in a chair by the pool and opened her laptop.
  She wrote a brief email to the Estate detailing her special instructions for
  the boy and the girl she'd marked. She them closed her laptop again, setting
  it aside for now. She drew the pistol she kept in the shoulder holster under
  her jacket and headed into the girls' locker room and bathroom. 
Well, hello, my pretty, she said to the boy tied to the toilet. She reached
  down and took hld of the boy's swimming trunks and pulled them quickly to his
  ankles and off of him before he could realize what she was doing and fight
  back. She knelt on top of him, putting her full weight on his shoulders. She
  pushed the muzzle of her gun against his nose and looked him right in the eyes. 
How are you doing, bitch? she asked, grinning at him wickedly over the barrel
  of her gun. 
Bitch? Who are you calling a bitch? the teen retorted angrily. 
You, stupid, she snapped at him. His boisterousness irritated her. You're
  the only other one here, aren't you? Well, except for those dead bodies out
  there. 
Yeah? he snapped back. Well, fuck you! You don't scare me. You untie me
  from here and I'll whip your little ass. 
Oh you think so, do you? she asked, raising an eyebrow. 
Fuck yeah! You let me up and you'll see. the boy replied confidently. 
Well, we'll just see about that, she said and pulled a knife from its concealed
  sheath at her thigh. She moved off the boy and around the back of the toilet.
  She cut the plastic strips holding him and then quickly backed out of the bathroom
  stall. 
The boy was on his feet quickly. He was captain of the high school wrestling
  team and he outweighed this bitch by thirty pounds at least. Plus, she was
  just a girl. What could she do to him? 
He rushed at her, hoping to catch her off-guard and take her down. Before
  he even knew what had happened, she had stepped to the side and, using his
  own weight and momentum against him, flung him past her and into one of the
  mirrors above one of the sinks behind her. The glass broke, cutting into his
  forehead and hands. Before he could move, she spun around, swinging her elbow
  in a downward motion into one of his kidneys. The boy staggered to his knees.
  The pain was so incredible, he threw up on the tile floor. 
The woman was on him immediately. She grabbed his hair from behind and put
  her arm around his neck in a tight grip, effectively cutting off the blood
  flow to his brain. He scrambled to grab her hand or wrist, but he couldn't
  get the necessary leverage to break her grip. In barely a moment, he felt pounding
  in his head and his vision started to get fuzzy. He tried to reach up and slap
  at her, but she moved her head easily out of the way. In a few more second,
  he couldn't even lift his arms above his head and his vision was darkening.
  The woman maintained her grip on him until he passed out. Then she allowed
  him to fall forward, cracking his head on the cold tile floor of the bathroom. 
Stupid, she said caustically. She kicked his head once with her tailored
  leather shoe. 
She grabbed him by one wrist and dragged him out of the bathroom and into
  the locker room. He was heavy, but nothing she couldn't handle. Her training
  had instilled her with strength greater than her looks. 
She left the boy on the floor of the locker room a few feet away from the
  bodies of the teens that had tried to overpower one of the mercs earlier. She
  walked away from him and began searching the bathroom area and locker room
  for items she would need to fully enjoy herself. In a few moments, she had
  what she needed. She also undressed the three dead bodies that had been left
  here earlier. She didn't care that they were dead. She was used to seeing dead
  people on a nearly-daily basis. These bodies were just tools for her to use
  in degrading her toy before she killed him. 
She returned and tied a length of thin nylon rope she'd found in the pool
  offices around the boys scrotum, effectively cutting off all blood flow to
  his testicles. She also tied a length of the rope around the boy's neck, using
  the free end as a leash. Now, she could easily cause the boy instant pain by
  tugging the rope on his balls or she could cut off his air supply by pulling
  on the rope tied at his neck. She thought those two things, coupled with the
  fact that she had a very sharp knife and a gun, would allow her to carry out
  her twisted plans for this boy's final hours. 
She went into the pool employees' break room and found a plastic cup. She
  returned to the bathroom and sat on one of the toilets and pissed in the cup.
  She waited a few moments until it cooled to room temperature, then she walked
  out of the bathroom and threw her piss in the boy's face to wake him. She'd
  wished she could have delivered the stream onto his face herself, but that
  would leave her in a precarious position. 
The boy snapped awake instantly, looked around quickly to see where he was,
  and tried to get to his feet. From her position behind him, the woman pulled
  hard on the rope tied to the boy's balls causing him to cry out in pain and
  fall back onto his knees. 
Stay down, boy, she said in a warning tone. You don't want to test my patience
  anymore today. 
The boy was wiping her piss out of his eyes. He noticed his eyes were stinging
  and the liquid on his face tasted salty and bitter. 
You pissed on me? he yelled at her, surprised and irritated. 
Well I had to wake you up somehow, she said calmly, an evil smile spreading
  over her face. The boy was still turned away from her, so he didn't see it. If
  I'd just left you there, you'd have been out for an hour. 
He tried to turn around to see her, but another sharp tug on the rope at his
  balls convinced him not to move. 
Now, she said cooly. Do we see who's in charge here? 
You're not in fucking charge of me, bitch! he yelled. His voice was almost
  hysterical. 
She jerked hard on the rope attached to his balls and kicked him in the back
  of the head. He fell forward on his face, his blue-purple balls stretched several
  inches behind his hips. She stepped forward and put her imported leather shoe
  on his balls and pressed down lightly. 
Yes, I fucking am, idiot! she snapped at him angrily. 
The boy laid there on the floor. All her could do was writhe in pain and cry
  out, begging her to stop hurting him. She had no intention of stopping. In
  fact, quite the opposite was on her mind. She was going to hurt and humiliate
  him even more before she was finished with him. And after she was finished
  with him, she was going to kill him. She was going to choke the life out of
  him and she was going to watch this little, laughable asshole die. Her pussy
  twitched at the thought of it. 
She moved her foot off his testicles and said, Turn over. 
The boy complied without complaint he rolled over onto his back, looking up
  at her. He saw her standing over him holding the ends of two ropes in her hands.
  In the hand that held the rope attached to his ball sac, she also held a wickedly
  sharp-looking knife. She moved forward toward him, keeping the ropes tight
  as she approached him. He watched her warily, not knowing what to expect. She
  crouched at his feet. He could see up her skirt as he looked down at her. He
  could see the lacy black panties covering her crotch. Despite his predicament,
  his teenaged hormones caused something to stir inside him. 
Here's what's going to happen, boy, she said. She transferred the rope attached
  to his neck to her other hand, and reached out and took his cock in the hand
  that was now free. She saw his dark purple balls pulled tightly upward by the
  rope in her other hand. This only served to make her wetter between her legs.
  She wanted to reach down and grab those two badly discolored orbs and twist
  them, put them under her foot and grind them flat under her heel, and listen
  to this boy cry out in pain as she tightened the rope at his neck until he
  finally passed out and the breath left his body. She held herself back, though.
  She would have her fun with the boy first, and then she would kill him. 
You are going to perform for me, she continued. She began stroking his cock
  slowly and tenderly. You're going to do some humiliating and disgusting things
  for me. If you perform well, then I'll let you live. If you disappoint me,
  then I'm going to cut off your dick and watch you bleed to death. Understand? 
He looked at her in obvious fright. You said you were going to torture me
  and kill me. 
Well, if that's what you want, I can just do that instead, she said sarcastically. I'm
  offering you a chance to live here. If you don't want it... She trailed off. 
No! No, he said eagerly. I'll do what you say just don't hurt me anymore. 
Now we're getting somewhere,  she though. Of course, everything she
  was telling the boy was a lie. He was going to die horribly and painfully even
  if he did as she asked. She just wanted to encourage him so he'd do what she
  said to do before she killed him. She wanted to humiliate and degrade this
  little bastard before she killed him, and she knew that offering him the promise
  of life would encourage him to do exactly as she told him to do. 
His cock was starting to get hard in her hand. Despite his fear and pain,
  he was still a teen boy. She knew that probably any touch from a woman would
  bring his member to life. She continued to stroke him as she talked. 
Now, if you're a good boy, she said softly, using every word to manipulate
  him. And if you do exactly as you're told, then I won't have to use this knife
  here to slice off this nice stiff cock of yours. She waved the knife at him
  and squeezed his cock once just emphasize her points. But you have to promise
  you'll do exactly as you're told no matter how disgusting it might be, because
  I'm not going to give you any second chances. The first time you resist me,
  I'll cut off Mr. Happy here and watch you bleed to death at my feet. Got it? 
The boy nodded, unable to speak. He was scared. He knew he had no choice but
  to do as she asked. It was the only way he'd live through this experience. 
Say I promise to be a good boy' for me, she said, her voice almost a whisper.
  She continued to massage his cock, tugging gently on the rope holding his balls
  at the same time. 
He closed his eyes and whispered, I promise to be a good boy. 
Good, she said and smiled. And you promise to do as you're told no matter
  what? 
Yes, he said quietly. I promise. Just please don't kill me. 
Excellent, she said gleefully. Now, roll over and get on your hands and
  knees. You're going to crawl over to those dead boys over there and we'll begin
  having our fun. She indicated the bodies of the three dead teens lying face-down
  on the cold tile floor. 
The boy whimpered at the thought of having to be near a dead body, but he
  rolled over and got to his hands and knees and began to crawl toward the bodies
  as instructed. The snug rope on his neck and the aching in his balls reminded
  him that it was better to cooperate with her and live than it was to argue
  with her and die dickless. The boy approached the bodies, stopping just short
  of the feet of the middle body. The blonde woman watched his stiff cock swaying
  back and forth as he crawled like a dog for her. 
Good boy, the blonde woman said, giving him a little playful slap on his
  ass. Now, starting with that blonde boy on the left, mount up and show me
  what a stud you are. 
You want me to fuck a dead body? the boy stammered in disbelief. You want
  me to fuck a dead boy ? The sheer revulsion in his voice was enough
  to almost make the blonde woman cum in her panties. 
She jerked sharply on the boy's balls and reminded him firmly, You promised
  to do as you were told. Now, you do as I say or we can get this over with right
  now. Which is it going to be, stud? 
The boy sucked in a sharp breath as his already aching nuts were pulled sharply
  behind him again. He said to her, his voice barely a whisper, I'll do it. 
Good. Now, mount up, stud boy, she said again, slapping him on the ass. 
Holding back the revulsion and the tears, the boy crawled over the body of
  the blonde boy before him. The boy had been shot in the side of the head, and
  the way his head was turned the boy on top of him could see the small bullet
  hole. A wave of nausea passed over the boy and he retched, but didn't throw
  up. He couldn't imagine sticking his dick into any boy's ass, let along the
  ass of a dead boy's body. His cock was still hard, though. He could feel it
  throbbing between his legs. That damned woman had made him so stiff, he'd never
  get rid of the hard-on unless he actually came. That was one of the things
  he hated about himself. If his cock ever got hard, he would have to masturbate
  to orgasm or it simply would not go away. He sometimes had erections that lasted
  all through the school day. If his dick would simply go limp, he'd be spared
  this shame, but it wouldn't happen, he knew. He was going to have to fuck this
  dead boy in the ass. 
What are you waiting for, boy? Let's go! the blonde woman commanded with
  another tug of the rope on his balls. 
I've never done this... he started, but was cut short when she jerked the
  rope around his neck. 
I don't want your god damned life story, boy. I want your fucking dick in
  that boy's dead ass right fucking now! she released the tension on the rope
  at his neck and nudged his aching dark purple nuts with the toe of her shoe,
  indicating the boy should get down to business right away. 
Indignantly, the boy lowered his hips and used one hand to position his cock
  at the entrance of the dead boy's ass. The body was still really warm, as the
  boy had only been dead for an hour or so. The boy begin thrusting his hips
  in an effort to make his cock go into the dead boy's asshole. It wasn't happening,
  though. No matter how hard he pressed and pushed, his stiff dick wouldn't penetrate
  the boy's ass. 
It won't go in, the boy said nervously. 
Then you'll need to lube up his ass, won't you? the woman commented. 
I don't have any lube, the boy said. 
Yes you do. You have spit, don't you? 
You want me to spit on his asshole to make it wet? the boy said. He'd honestly
  never even considered the possibility that spit could be used for lubricant. 
No. Actually, I want you to get down on your belly and eat his asshole out
  until your slobber is dribbling off his balls, she said, her pussy again dripping
  into her panties at just simply speaking those words. 
The boy swallowed hard, again trying not to throw up or cry. He knew he had
  to do it. He had no choice. She'd kill him otherwise. He crawled backwards
  on the tile floor until he was looking at the dead boy's ass. The dead boy
  was blonde, so his ass was hairless and pale. It almost looked like a girl's
  ass, really. Maybe he could get through this if he just closed his eyes and
  imagined he was just eating out a girls' asshole. That wouldn't be so bad,
  would it? He dropped to his belly, his stiff hot cock flattened between the
  cold tile of the room and his belly. He closed his eyes and put his tongue
  out and began to lightly lick ay the boy's crack. 
No, the woman said in a somewhat annoyed tone of voice. You need to get
  your tongue right on his asshole. Reach up with your hands and spread his cheeks
  apart and put your face right in there and french kiss his butt. I want you
  to stick your tongue right in it. 
The boy said nothing, but nodded. Keeping his eyes closed he reached up and
  parted the dead boy's ass cheeks. He put his face forward again and started
  searching with his tongue for the boy's asshole. His tongue slid down the boy's
  crack and to the hole. He could tell he'd found the hole, because he could
  feel the warmth of it and he could feel the pucker of the skin. He opened the
  dead boy's cheeks wider and pushed his face right against his ass. Using his
  tongue like a cock, he began french kissing the dead boy's asshole. He's swirled
  his tongue on the hole, he licked at it, and he pushed his tongue into the
  hole. He could taste the chlorine from the pool water and the shit taste of
  the boy's ass. He retched again, but kept from vomiting again. He had to do
  this, he kept telling himself. He had to do it or something much worse would
  happen to him. 
This was almost too much for the woman to watch. She wanted desperately to
  snatch off her panties and start fucking her pussy with as many fingers as
  she could fit into it. She was burning up and she felt that of she didn't cum
  soon, she'd explode. Her feelings of desperation were only getting worse as
  the boy's tongue started making slurping sounds against the dead boy's asshole.
  It was almost too much to bear. She had to keep herself in check just to keep
  from shooting him in the head and rushing out of the building and into her
  car so she could fuck herself silly. 
The boy felt he'd gotten the dead boy's ass wet enough. His chin was covered
  in his own spit and the lines of drool were indeed dribbling down the boys'
  asshole and balls. He didn't want to look, but he had to check to make sure
  he'd done enough to please the woman before he stopped. 
He got back to his hands and knees and moved back over the dead boy's body.
  He lowered his hips again and guided his hard cock to the boy's asshole again.
  He closed his eyes, not wanting to look at the bullet hole in the boy's head.
  He pushed his hips forward and his cock slipped into the dead boy's tight and
  warm asshole. To his astonishment, the boy's ass felt good. It was warm and
  tight, but relaxed because of the relaxing effect of death on the muscles.
  He pushed his cock all the way into the dead boy's ass, feeling the warmth
  enveloping his cock. He let out a soft moan as his cock buried itself in the
  dead boy's ass. His eyes snapped open and he let out an audible gasp of disbelief.
  He couldn't fathom that he was enjoying this disgusting thing. 
The woman heard the moan and the gasp of disbelief, too. This was too good.
  The boy was enjoying fucking this dead body. How degrading must that be for
  him. She had to push him further to heighten the degradation. 
Oh you like that dead ass, boy? she chided tugging at his balls. You like
  fucking that dead boy in his ass don't you, faggot? 
The boy kept his eyes closed and his head lowered, but kept his hips moving.
  He felt the warm sheath of the dead boy's ass covering his cock, stroking him
  every time he moved his hips. His mind was in turmoil. He liked the way it
  felt, but he was disgusted by what he was doing. 
The woman put her shoe on the boy's ass and pushed his hips down harder, burying
  his cock all the way in the dead boy's asshole. She would let him pull his
  hips up and then she would push them back down with her shoe. Although, the
  boy couldn't see it, the woman saw the expanding puddle of piss coming from
  under the dead boy's body. As she pushed the boy's hips down, the dead boy's
  bladder, unhindered by muscular contraction, would empty onto the floor. 
In a few moments, she pulled the boy off of the dead boy. She watched as his
  hard reddened cock slipped out of the dead boy's relaxed asshole. She didn't
  want the boy to cum, but she did want him to amuse her until he died. She guided
  him to the next boy's body and told him to fuck that one, too. 
The boy actually knew who this boy had been. They'd been friends in school
  and were both on the wrestling team and the football team together. He actually
  began to cry as he ate out this boy's asshole. He couldn't get it out of his
  head that he was doing this to one of his best friends. It didn't help that
  his friend's asshole was hairy and smelled deeply of shit. The boy had to pull
  his face away and spit several time in order to keep himself from throwing
  up all over the room. The woman wouldn't give him the time to fully recover,
  though. She'd just pull on the rope at his neck and guide his face back to
  the boy's ass and then shove him forward with her shoe until he started licking
  again. After a few moments, this boy's ass, too, was slick with spit. 
The boy obediently mounted his friend and slid his dick into the boy's ass.
  This was a different feeling, though. Not just emotionally, but physically,
  too. The hairy ass was a constant reminder that he was fucking a boy. Plus,
  his friend's ass was hard and muscular, unlike the first boy's ass had been.
  He joylessly fucked his friend's asshole and silently wept as he did so. He
  prayed the woman would pull him off of this body sooner than the one before,
  but she didn't. She could tell he was struggling to perform with this body
  for some reason, so she made him go twice as long with this body as she'd made
  him go with the previous body. The boy didn't seem to be having any fun, which
  was fine with her. She didn't care one way or the other. It also seemed the
  boy wasn't in any danger of cumming while he fucked this boy's ass. So she
  let him go longer just to deepen his degradation. 
After awhile, though, she began to bore with this and she pulled him off the
  second dead body and guided him to the third. He ate out this boy's dead ass,
  too, and then mounted and fucked this body. She watched as he dipped his cock
  into the boy's asshole. She watched his cock slipping in and out of the dead
  boy's ass. This was still making her fucking amazingly hot, and she couldn't
  wait to have a good cum. 
She couldn't wait any longer. She had to get rid of him and go finger-fuck
  herself until she collapsed. She pulled the boy off the last body. His cock
  was flicking with each beat of his heart. He had been very close to cumming,
  despite himself. That was good, She wanted him frustrated when she killed him.
  Fuck him. If he'd been a good boy, he'd fucking well be alive in ten minutes,
  wouldn't her? She felt the anger rising in herself again. She'd had enough
  fun with this arrogant little piece of shit. Now it was time for her ultimate
  fun. He was going to die painfully, and she was going to enjoy watching his
  lights go out. Fucking little prick asshole. 
She ordered him to roll over on his back and lie flat and spread his legs.
  As soon as he did as she commanded, she pulled the rope on his nuts tight,
  jerking them several inches away from his body. The boy screamed as his testicles
  were stretched to intensely painful limits. She stomped down on his balls with
  her shoe, putting her full weight on his balls. He sat up and cried out in
  a high-pitched whining voice that was only capable of being made by a boy having
  extreme nut pain. The woman grinned evilly. This was the best part. 
Standing fully on his bloodless nuts, she pushed him back to the floor with
  her other foot. She had one foot on his balls and the other foot on his chest.
  She released the rope attached to his balls. She didn't need it anymore. She
  wrapped the rope connected to his neck around her hand several times and then
  pulled the rope tight. The knot slid closed around his throat, immediately
  cutting off the flow of blood and oxygen to his brain. She held him down and
  continued to pull the rope tight as he struggled, his face turning bright red.
  He clawed at the rope, trying to pull it away from his neck so he could take
  a breath and get the blood flowing back into his brain. The more he struggled,
  the tighter she pulled the rope. The strands of the thin rope had sunk into
  his neck, not cutting him, but shutting off his windpipe entirely. As the boy's
  face turned to a bright purple, he still futilely tried to claw at the rope,
  but he was losing the battle. In moments, his hands dropped to his sides and
  his eyes began to bulge in their sockets. His mouth opened and closed like
  a fish gasping for breath out of water. 
The woman's face was a mask of evil and hate and effort as she watched the
  boy's eyes roll back into his head. She held the rope tight for another couple
  of minutes until she was absolutely sure he was dead. When she knew he was
  dead, she let go of the rope and sheathed her knife. She stalked out of the
  building, not even bothering to lock the door behind her. It didn't matter
  anyway. By the time anyone discovered the mess, she'd be long gone. 
She crossed the parking lot to her car, opened the door and seated herself
  in the back seat. She ordered her driver to take her to the airport. She would
  be back at the Estate by morning, and the next day she'd have more fun to watch. 
As the car pulled away from the swimming facility, the woman in the back seat
  frantically pulled off her panties. She masturbated the entire way to the airport,
  cumming in several loud orgasms. When she reached the airport, she pocketed
  her panties, knowing she'd still be finger-fucking herself in the first class
  bathroom through most of the flight back to the Estate. 
The woman and her driver entered the airport. Her job here was finished. 
The following day, the local newspaper called the slaughter at the Municipal
  Swimming Facility the worse mass murder in the history of the state. Also noted
  were the mysterious disappearances of over 400 local residents between the
  ages of twelve and fifty. The two incidents, the police investigation revealed,
  seemed to be related. Reports indicated that virtually all of the missing residents
  had either told their friends or family that they were going to the pool that
  day, or they had last been seen at the pool by friends. 
Insert One: The Classification System of Slaves at the Estate 
In a document stored in a filing cabinet in Jonathan Clark's office and sent
  only to the two recruiters for the Estate, the following was written: 
When you begin recruiting for the Estate, a certain expectation of quality
    is desired in the men and women each of you select. As you each well know
    from your previous works with other organizations, our membership will expect
    high quality, natural, and smart men and women. Each slave you recruit must
    fit one of the following categories and must adhere to the standards listed
    in this document. 
Foremost are age concerns. No woman over the age of forty should be recruited
    as slave material, except in the X-class slaves listed below. No woman over
    the age of fifty should be considered, even for X-class assignment. No man
    over the age of forty-five should be recruited as slaves, except for X-class
    materials. No man over the age of fifty should be considered, even for X-class.
    Terminate these individuals on site. If there is a question of whether or
    not the man or woman to be chosen is within the required age bracket, err
    on the side of caution and execute questionable recruits on site as well.
    On the other end of the spectrum, no recruit should be under the age of eleven.
    While some members of the Estate do enjoy younger flesh, the rule in the
    membership contract is no slave younger than eleven on Estate property, even
    if the slave is brought from the member's home. Again, judgement should be
    used if you are unsure of a young recruit's age. If either of you suspect
    a recruit or recruits may be younger than eleven, then mark them as SH-11&quot; (Special
    Handling under eleven) and have them transported to the Estate for disposal.
    Our mercenary group has expressed concerns against executing the very young,
    but our butchers are quite ambiguous on the subject. It is rare that you
    should be placed in a situation in which children under eleven should even
    be a factor. We will be taking steps to try to ensure that children under
    eleven are not present during recruiting missions. 
Natural and unmodified men and women are essential to the Estate. Many
    of our membership do not wish slaves with serious augmentation or modification.
    Recruits with large, bulbous or unnatural-looking breast augmentations should
    be executed on site. Because of health and safety concerns, these recruits
    are not even fit for X-class consideration. Leakages in older-model breast
    implants may poison their meat and render them not consumable. Recruits exhibiting
    a large number of body and facial piercings are also not to be considered
    for more than X-class material, unless they are truly spectacular specimens.
    Any recruit with between three and five piercings, not including ear piercings,
    should lose a rank off of your initial assessment. Any recruit with between
    five and seven piercings should lose two ranks from your assessment. Finally,
    any recruit with more than seven piercings in the body or face should immediately
    be declared an X-class. Excessive facial reconstructions should also remove
    recruits from consideration for slavery at the Estate. If the recruit's face
    does not look natural, then execute the recruit on site. Other enhancements
    are acceptable, if not excessive and if not detracting from the recruits'
    looks overly. 

Hair is not a concern, as all recruits will be shaved completely upon
    their processing into the Estate. Skin color and suntan are also not considerations,
    as all slaves will be housed underground for at least the first month of
    their stay at the Estate. Each slave not of ethnic background should be equally
    pale by the time they are allowed to see the sun. Do not discriminate by
    race and ethnicity, either. The membership of the Estate will want diversity
    to satisfy their proclivities. 
Tattoos, however, are a concern. Many Estate members do not like body
    markings unless they themselves put the markings there. One or two small
    tattoos are acceptable, as our surgeons will be able to remove them easily.
    However, recruits with large, colorful, or elaborate tattooing should only
    be considered as X-class material. 
The actual rating you will assign each recruit are based on a short, alphabetic
    system. The ratings you will give each recruit are based on the qualifications
    listed above as well as on body type, endowments, and looks. We're not looking
    for personality, just nice-looking meat to please the membership. To assign
    ratings to your recruits, use the guidelines listed below. 
X-class - These slaves are the garbage meat, fit only to become food for
    the more acceptable slaves. Morbidly obese slaves are instant considerations
    for X-class materials; the fat can be easily stripped from them when they
    are skinned and butchered. So, too, are slaves with serious facial defects,
    amputations, disfigurements, or any considerations listed in the text above.
    As long as they have good meat on them, mark them as X-class and let them
    feed the others. This, of course, also disqualifies the excessively skinny
    from X-class consideration. Better to just execute the overly skinny slaves
    on site. 
B-class (Below average) - Slaves assigned to this category have somewhat
    acceptable looks. However, these slaves are only one or two mistakes away
    from becoming food themselves. Thin girls with smallish breasts, chubby girls
    with smallish breasts, slaves with flat asses, males with small penises,
    thin males, chubby males, and slave each of you would consider barely good-looking
    all qualify as B-class slaves. 
A-class (Average) - These slaves are the normal looking, average recruits.
    This classification will make up the bulk of the slave body at the Estate.
    These slaves will have average looks, average bodies, and average endowments.
    If you do not see anything particularly special, but also nothing particularly
    horrible, about these slaves, then mark them as A-class. 
E-class (Exceptional) - Slaves marked in this class should have very good
    looks, very attractive bodies, and exceptional endowments. Women considered
    for this class should have large breasts, trim bodies, good facial features
    and bone structure, and they should be as close to all-natural as possible.
    However, women with very large breasts, but with slightly larger frames may
    also be considered for E-class assignment, if their looks merit the assignment.
    Males considered for E-class assignment should have good physiques, thick
    or long cocks, muscular asses, and be very proportional in height and weight.
    Men in this class should be trim, fit and good-looking. Chubby men and tall,
    thin men should not be placed into this category. 
S-class (Superior) - The creme de la creme of all the slave meat you analyze.
    Only the very best specimens of those you observe belong in this category.
    These have to be the men and women the membership will fight to claim. S-class
    specimens should be tall, trim, fit, with naturally exceptional looks and
    with the most superior endowments. Likely, these will be less than 1% of
    your total finds. 

Those are the requirements of the Estate. This is what I and the membership
    will look for in all slave specimens enlisted into our service. If you have
    questions regarding a slave, then use your best judgement in assigning your
    rankings. Always lean to the lower end of the spectrum when judging males.
    They are far less critical to the Estate than females are, and more easily
    replaceable as well. And if you cannot decide on an appropriate rating for
    a slave, then choose the lowest rating you have in mind for that slave. Better
    to err cautiously than to overestimate. 
I look forward to seeing your work. I assure you that you will have the
    most professional group of mercenaries backing up each of your recruiting
    missions. You may encounter some resistance in some of your missions, but
    we hope losses will not be more than 30% in each endeavor. If ever you feel
    a mission is going very poorly, then execute everyone and we will schedule
    a back-up mission in its place. 
Thank you for your service. Your payment is enclosed. 
Please destroy this document immediately. 
JC 
Part Seven - Slavery Becomes the Routine 
The Collectors Estate 
The next two weeks 
&nbsp;
A routine began to take shape at the Estate. The new slaves were processed
  two days after their initial capture, classes in obedience and servitude continued
  and, aside from a few problem slaves, everything was now well on track for
  the opening in less than two weeks' time. Every second day, a group of slaves
  would be taken to a large shower facility - not the same facility used for
  processing - where they were instructed to shave their own heads, eyebrows,
  and genitals. The slaves were allowed also to brush their teeth during these
  shower sessions. Hygiene would eventually become a more important aspect in
  their lives, but for now the slaves were kept as close to an animalistic state
  as possible. The fact that they had to depend on their masters for everything
  from food and water to simple dental care had to be instilled on them immediately
  and harshly so each individual would accept their place at the Estate more
  quickly, efficiently and pleasantly. Once the slaves had all learned their
  proper places and understood and accepted their new position in life and their
  training, then they could be allowed privileges like toothbrushes in the cells
  and such. 
Truly, some slaves had to be punished for reticence, disobedience or for failing
  to perform as instructed, but only six slaves from the two new groups had been
  executed for serious disciplinary violations. The Estate was running far more
  smoothly than any of its charter members had ever dreamed it would. Jonathan
  Clark was so ecstatic that he could barely maintain his dour demeanor throughout
  each day. The thought of having all these wonderful bits of flesh under his
  absolute control, to live or die by his whim, made him positively giddy. Why,
  just by picking up the phone at his desk and dialing a few numbers, he could
  sentence any of nearly eight hundred slaves to their deaths. He didn't have
  to have a reason; he didn't even need to see their faces. All he needed was
  their number and at his word the slave belonging to that number would die.
  It was a heady feeling of nearly godlike power. 
That feeling of power almost became too much for him to control one day. He
  happened to pass a volunteer slave escorting a young female slave to some punishment
  for some failure during a training class. The slave was probably only twelve
  or thirteen years old, which was just Jonathan's type. He watched with interest
  as the naked, bald, cuffed girl was led swiftly down the hallway. The volunteer
  slave girl was practically dragging the young girl, crying, to her destination.
  That sudden sense of power welled up in Jonathan Clark and he bade the volunteer
  to stop. At hearing his voice, she had immediately dropped to her knees, tugging
  sharply on the leash and forcing the young girl to her knees as well. Likely,
  the volunteer saved the girl from further punishment by making sure the younger
  girl remembered proper etiquette. 
Where is this girl being taken? Jonathan asked the volunteer. 
From her position on the floor, the volunteer looked up at Jonathan and said, She
  is to be punished for failing to learn the positions expected of her. 
Who is her instructor? Jonathan asked. 
Miss Hancock, the slave responded. 

Ah, I see, he said thoughtfully. He knew very well the girl's punishment
  would not be light. Josephine did not  take kindly to slaves that
  did not or could not learn proper positions. In Josephine's mind, position
  training was the very most basic thing any slave could learn. She figured a
  monkey could be trained to understand fifty positions, so a human should be
  able to do it easily enough, even under the duress of this type of stress. 
What were Miss Hancock's instructions for this slave? Jonathan asked, looking
  over the young girl's body. His eyes noted her shaved head, downcast eyes,
  her thin, lanky build, budding breasts and bald mons. He wondered if the shavers
  had even had to shave this girl or if she was still naturally bare. 
She is to be taken to a torture room and strapped into an inversion frame
  until class ends. After that, I do not know, sir, the volunteer answered.
  The girl at her side sobbed once. 
Inversion frames were no fun. They were not designed to be fun. They were
  designed to be extremely uncomfortable, in fact. A slave's ankles were first
  chained to the floor. The slave was then bent backwards over the frame, which
  was little more than an upside-down U of wood supported by an adjustable wooden
  stand. The slave's wrists would then be shackled to her ankles, effectively
  bending the slave almost double, but backwards. For untrained or inflexible
  slaves, the process could be excruciatingly painful. 
Jonathan glanced at his watch, noting that classes had only begun a half hour
  earlier. That meant this girl was going to spend two and a half hours strapped
  in that frame in extreme pain. It was almost too much for him to handle. He
  almost took the leash from the slave so he could escort the girl to her punishment
  himself. He knew if he took the leash, though, he would be making a mistake.
  He knew very well that, once this young, thin little piece of meat was on that
  frame, he would have to torture her. He would do cruel things to this girl
  that she'd never even dreamed of, or had nightmares of, for that matter. If
  he took the leash, he would likely befoul any training Josephine had already
  instilled on the girl. No. He knew better. Josephine would punish the girl,
  but that feeling of power was there, tingling through Jonathan Clark's body.
  He could feel it in his hands and behind his eyes. Only his sense of reason
  kept him from violating this young girl and possibly ruining her training and
  Josephine's trust in him. 
Very well, he said to the volunteer. Carry on. 
The slave was up in an instant, dragging the young girl roughly to her feet
  by the leash. As Jonathan resumed his way down the hallway, he heard the girl
  sob once again. A meek, helpless sound. He growled quietly in his throat, feeling
  a twinge at the base of his testicles. He would have to make use of that girl
  one day. He would introduce her to worlds of pain unknown to her. He would
  contort and twist her thin, fragile body as he saw fit. He would rape her and
  use her orifices for his own satisfaction. If she did not survive the experience...
  Well, there were always other girls. 

The slave population at the Estate had exceeded all initial expectations by
  more than two hundred-fifty individuals. The founding members had planned to
  open the Estate with six hundred slaves, and at this time the Estate had eight
  hundred fifty-one slaves. More than enough for the opening and well more than
  anyone could have imagined. A week after the second two groups had been processed,
  the vital statistics of all the slaves were taken. The Estate already had such
  statistics as height, bust size, weight, and class, but more information was
  needed. Over a period of three days, every slave taken by the Estate was interviewed
  and their ages were noted, along with necessary information such as food allergies
  and health problems. Each slave's wrists and ankles were measured and the measurements
  were written down to indicate the correct size of ankle or wrist cuffs. Their
  necks were measured, too, for collar sizing. Eventually, every slave in the
  Estate would be fitted with permanent locking collars, wrist cuffs and ankle
  cuffs. Every slave was given an eye and hearing examination, blood tests were
  taken to determine if any slaves were infected with any sexually transmitted
  diseases, and all the female slaves were given pregnancy tests. Granted, it
  was quite obvious to see who some of the pregnant ones were already. The founding
  members knew all too well that people, especially sick people, would lie about
  their conditions so the blood tests were taken even after the questions about
  health problems had been asked and answered. In the end, another forty slaves
  were executed after an illness was discovered, or after it was discovered that
  the slave was nearly blind or deaf, or that some of the older slaves were,
  in fact, older than initial estimates. None of these slaves were processed
  into food as the X-classes had been. 
That was another area in which expectations had been far exceeded. The food
  pantries of the Estate were fuller than had ever been expected. One hundred
  thirty-eight slaves had been marked as X-class and had been executed for food.
  The average slave, once his or her meat was fileted off the bones, produced
  about sixty pounds of meat. Slaves were typically fed one pound servings at
  each meal, but only one meal a day was an X-class meal. Breakfasts usually
  consisted of real breakfast foods, like eggs, bacon, sausages, and pancakes
  or biscuits. Lunches, when the slaves were actually fed lunches during training,
  were often only salads, cold cuts and cheese, or sandwiches. Dinner was most
  often the X-class meal. The slaves were still unaware that they were actually
  eating the reject slaves' meat. A typical dinner only required about a quarter-pound
  of X-class meat per individual. The rest of the meal was made up of bread or
  vegetables. Therefore, the meat from one X-class slave would easily feed more
  than two hundred of the slaves each day. So, the chefs had enough meat to last
  for a minimum of a month. 
Missions had already been planned to specifically look for suitable new sources
  of meat to feed the slaves. It was already known that the grand opening party
  would account for the losses of a lot of the B and A-class slaves. More than
  likely, more than a third of the current population would not survive the weekend
  celebration that was planned. Recruiting missions, on a much smaller scale,
  were already being planned. The new missions would likely only involve taking
  four of five slaves at a time. However, the men were instructed to look for
  slaves suitable only for meat during these missions. A steady influx of new
  meat would be needed to feed the slaves and Jonathan Clark insisted they were
  fed human meat at least once daily. To him, it was a key element in their ultimate
  degradation. One day they would find out what they were eating, and then they
  would know the severity of their situations. 
A new order was also given that any slave that was executed from now on could
  be used for meat. Previously, the executed bodies were simply discarded with
  the waste, because there was far too much going on to process executed slaves
  into meat. Besides, they had a surplus of X-classes anyway, so meat was not
  a priority. 
Slaves that were found to be pregnant were taken to a new area of the Estate.
  The seventeen pregnant slaves were each given a room with a soft bed. Their
  meals were increased threefold. Volunteer nurses were assigned to watch the
  girls' progress during their pregnancies. These slaves were still expected
  to train, but the seventeen of them now had their own training classes which
  were shorter and often less painful than the normal training classes the other
  slaves underwent. 

Almost immediately, the pregnant slaves received vitamin and hormone treatments
  to supplement their diets. It seemed that the Estate was very interested in
  the safe and satisfactory births of the slaves' babies. To be sure, the pregnant
  girls thought they'd found heaven. They were actually being treated well. They
  had actual bedrooms in which to sleep. Granted, the doors were always locked,
  but it was better than sleeping in a four-feet by four-feet stone cell in the
  chilly basement. The bedrooms even had windows that faced out into the lush
  green forest that surrounded the Estate on all sides. The pregnant slaves were
  even given books to read, music to listen to, and crafts to keep them occupied.
  Compared to the treatment they'd received prior to the discovery of their pregnancies,
  these slaves were treated as queens. 
Truly, the Estate did want extra care to be taken with these girls, and the
  Estate wanted healthy babies out of all the pregnant girls. Babies could be
  sold on the black market for up to $20,000 a head. And once these slaves gave
  birth, they would be impregnated again and again to keep the cash flow coming.
  Also, with the extra food they were receiving, the inactivity they would experience
  during their pregnancies, and the vitamin and hormone treatments they were
  given, these slaves would be fattened up and used as cattle. During their pregnancies,
  these girls would be milked twice daily and their milk either used in the other
  slaves' food or sold to specialty markets overseas that would pay very well
  for the milk of human women. 
Each of these girls, and any girls which subsequently became pregnant, would
  be impregnated seven to ten times. Each girl would continue to be fattened
  over the span of these pregnancies, well fed, and lactating. Some of them would
  be put out to pasture to serve as dairy cows indefinitely. Once a girl began
  producing milk, she would likely keep producing as long as she was milked regularly.
  The rest would be slaughtered for food for special occasions. Many of the Collectors
  enjoyed the taste of tender, fatted girl meat. The slaves would certainly enjoy
  a Christmas dinner of fattened, succulent girl-cow. 
Despite selling babies and human milk on the black market, money wasn't really
  a concern for the Estate. The members were generally wealthy and likely had
  enough money to last the Estate forever. But it was always nice to have large,
  padded accounts in far away lands, just in case the need ever arose for one
  or more of the members to evacuate to a non-extradition-treaty country. In
  cases like those, hundreds of thousands of dollars gained from the sale of
  illegal babies would certainly make one's life in Cuba, or Honduras, or the
  Ukraine much easier. 
The knowledge had also come to light during the processing that the Estate
  had four surprises. Among the slaves that had been processed, four of them
  were transgendered. All four were male-to-female reassignments, and all of
  them were preoperative. They were given no special treatment as slaves, but
  the Estate's doctors did continue their hormonal therapies and oversaw their
  development. The four transgendered slaves would indeed be popular among some
  of the membership, that much was certain. 

Another issue that had to be dealt with was that of slaves that had been smokers
  or drug abusers before their capture. Slaves were not allowed to smoke at all.
  Therefore, many of the slaves that had been regular smokers had to be relocated
  to a detox area for a few days while their systems cleared of the poisons in
  their veins. The detox area was very similar to the holding cells, but instead
  of stone walled cells, the slaves were kept in metal-barred cages. Each slave
  was force-fed over a gallon of water daily, they were kept under close supervision
  to monitor their recovery, and they were fed vitamin supplements daily to replace
  the nutrients they were losing from the poisons and the water cleansing. After
  four days of detoxification, the formerly smoking slaves were returned to their
  cells and to their regular training. If they suffered from withdrawal symptoms
  after the initial four days, then they were warned to keep the psychological
  effects in check or they would be held responsible for their behavior. 
Drug users were another matter. Drugs, aside from the pharmaceuticals kept
  in the infirmaries and surgical rooms, were not permitted at the Estate. All
  members were screened for illegal substances as a requirement of their membership.
  All the slaves had been given drug tests along with the other blood work that
  was done. Any slaves found to have illegal drugs or narcotics in their systems
  were removed from the general population, interviewed thoroughly about what
  drugs they'd taken and their habit, if they had one. These slaves were then
  put into detox as well and monitored. Any slaves that displayed severe physical
  withdrawal symptoms were immediately executed as useless to the Estate. Fortunately,
  only four slaves were lost to this process. The rest of the drug users, which
  were only another three slaves, were allowed to return to normal population
  and activities after seven days of rehabilitation. 
A young boy and girl were locked in a tight embrace. Their young, hairless,
  tattooed bodies were pressed together and their bodies, covered in droplets
  of perspiration, glided against each other as they moved together. 
The boy, who had just turned fourteen a couple of months previously, and the
  girl, who was only a few months older than he, had been thrown together into
  a small, dark room shortly after their processing was completed. Under the
  watchful eye of the blonde woman that had recruited them from the swimming
  pool and a couple of armed guards, the two had been forced to copulate numerous
  times over the last three hours. The two teens had been forced onto the small
  bed, which was the only furnishing in the room, at gunpoint where the girl,
  Shelly, had been made to perform oral sex on the boy until he was hard enough
  to penetrate her, and then she was made to lie on her back and open her legs
  submissively as he forced his penis, covered in her saliva, into her young,
  virgin vagina. The first time was short, as this was the boy's first sexual
  experience as well. Despite the fear and despite the guards and the blonde
  woman watching, the boy finished in only a couple of minutes, his still-maturing
  cock jerking happily inside her as he ejaculated into her freshly-bloodied
  and tender vagina. 
Shelly cried throughout the entire experience. She'd never before given a
  boy oral sex; she'd never even thought of it, to be honest. She was so mortified
  at this being her first sexual experience that she couldn't help but cry hopelessly.
  This was her first sexual experience and it was in these surroundings, under
  the watchful eyes of strangers, and after having been shaved and tattooed and
  told that she was now nothing more than a disposable piece of slave flesh,
  fit only for the pleasures of the men and women at this place. 
It wasn't over, though. As soon as the boy came inside her, she was forced
  to suck him until he got hard again. She could taste her blood and a salty,
  bitter taste that she assumed was his cum as she sucked him. Then she was made
  to sit on his cock, as the blonde woman called it, and ride him until he came
  inside her again. After that time, she was forced again to suck him until he
  got hard. She was then told to get onto her hands and knees and to let him
  take her doggy style. It was so humiliating, having to get on her hands and
  knees like an animal in front of these people, and to have that boy behind
  her shoving his penis inside her again and again. She could feel her breasts
  swinging back and forth under her as he thrust in and out of her. 

She hated her breasts. They'd been large since she was ten, and it seemed
  everyone paid attention to her because of them. The girls all seemed to hate
  her for having them and the boys all seemed to only stare at them. She'd started
  wearing sweaters to school, even in the summer, to hide them, but her mom had
  noticed and made her take them off and wear normal shirts. 
Now, here she was on her hands and knees being screwed by one of those boys
  that likely had ogled her breasts as he spoke to her, if he spoke to her at
  all. A lot of boys didn't even seem to be able to form words when she spoke
  to them. She wasn't even sure of his name. She thought it was John, but it
  might have been Michael. He might have sat behind her in one of her classes,
  but she wasn't sure about that either. 
Well, he sure as hell was behind her now. It seemed like he was trying to
  force his dick out the top of her head, he was going at her so hard. Finally,
  he shot into her for the third time and she collapsed forward, quietly praying
  there would be no more. She was sorely disappointed. Before she knew it, she
  had his dick in her mouth again and was sucking for all she was worth to make
  him hard again. He'd started to complain that it hurt to get hard again, but
  the blonde woman that had kidnapped them with all those soldiers had slapped
  him and told him to shut up. Soon enough, he was hard again and they were humping
  away in another position, then another, then another, and another, and another,
  and finally they were where they were now. 
Her vagina was really aching. She'd stopped bleeding after about the fifth
  time, but now she was dry and raw. It felt like the boy was rubbing sandpaper
  inside her every time he entered her or moved inside her. She was crying again
  now, but this time it was more from the pain than the fear and humiliation.
  The boy had started to cry, too. Apparently, there were limits to how many
  times a boy could get his dick hard and make it cum. 
Finally, he came again and rolled off to her side, exhausted. They were both
  panting and crying on the small bed. Each wanted something to drink, as they
  had been given nothing since they'd been brought here. Shelly wiped her eyes
  and wondered what would happen next. 
Well, was it everything you'd hoped it would be? the blonde woman asked
  the boy, mocking him. 
What? he asked shakily. Shelly rolled her eyes. She knew what the woman
  meant. 
Her, the blonde woman said. Was fucking her as good as you thought it would
  be? 
No, he answered. Not like this. I wanted to have candles and a movie and
  stuff first. Or something anyway. But not like this. 
Oh well, kiddo, the blonde woman said with a chuckle. You just said you
  were hard for her. I just made your fantasy come true. She sighed and said, You
  just can't please some people. 
What happens to us now? Shelly asked, fearing the worst. 
The blonde woman turned to regard her. Well, I'm glad you asked, she said. I'm
  not finished with either of you just yet. I've got the both of you for the
  next twenty hours or so and I plan to make the most of it. 
Both the boy and the girl gulped. 
We'll get you two cleaned up, and then we can move on to the next exciting
  part of your fun, the blonde woman said. She motioned to the guards who took
  the teens from the bed and pushed them out the door and into a hallway. They
  blinked in the bright light, but couldn't take much time to let their eyes
  adjust before firm hands were pushing them down the hallway toward a stairway.
  Soon, they were led back to the shower room they'd gone through when they were
  processed. They were told to wash up and to be quick about it. 

In almost no time, the boy and girl were being pushed down another hallway,
  and each was led into a separate room. These rooms were small and dark with
  one small bed, just like the one they had been in previously. As they were
  pushed into each room, the doors were closed and locked behind them, and they
  were each left to think on their new situation and to feel the aches in their
  bodies. 
The door to Shelly's room opened only a few moments later and the blonde woman
  stepped in, followed by two large black men. Shelly didn't know it, but these
  were the same two black men to which the sisters had been given only days before.
  The door was closed and locked and the room was once again plunged into dimness. 
Got a new one for us? one of the men asked the blonde woman. Both men laughed
  at the inside joke. The blonde woman didn't understand what they meant, so
  she ignored them. 
These men are her to take over where your boyfriend left off, the blonde
  woman told Shelly. They're going to make sure that you're nice and broken
  in before you go off to your cage. 
Oh no! she cried, her eyes wide looking at the two huge men. No, please!
  I can't take anymore. I'll just die! 
The blonde woman shrugged. Oh well, she said nonchalantly. If you die,
  we'll get another girl to replace you. 
The girls' mouth hung open. She didn't know what to say. She could only sit
  there on the small bed with the thin sheet clutched about her. Her mind couldn't
  fathom the position in which she now found herself. Unfortunately for her,
  it was all the time the two men needed to get their hands on her. 
The two men tore the girl off the bed while the blonde woman moved to sit
  in a small wooden chair out of the way in a corner of the room. The girl shrieked
  in surprise as she was taken off the bed by force. 
The two men forced her to her knees. One of them held her shoulder tightly
  while the other man unzipped his trousers and pulled out the longest, thickest
  dick Shelly had ever seen. Of course, it was only the second dick Shelly had
  ever seen, but still, she knew it was huge. Compared to the boy's dick, it
  was a monster. 
As soon as the girl saw the dick in front of her, her jaw dropped. Oh my
  god, she said, her eyes as huge as saucers in amazement. 
The man turned to his partner and said, Damn. I'm getting that a lot these
  days. Maybe I should start fucking little white bitches more often. Both men
  guffawed with laughter as the other man dropped his trousers to the floor. 
Shelly could see the second man's penis was even bigger then the first. How
    big do they get , she wondered. If they get any bigger, I really
    will die from this . 
Before she could react, the first man had her head in his big hands and was
  forcing his big dick into her mouth. It tasted salty and smelled a little sweaty,
  but that didn't bother the girl nearly as much as the thought of having this
  huge pecker in her mouth. It would barely fit. She had to stretch her lips
  around it to get it to fit. 
While the first man was working as much of his cock into her mouth as he could
  without ripping her jaws open, the second man had taken her hand and was making
  her jerk him off. She could feel his huge dick getting hard in her hand and
  wondered if she'd have to put it in her mouth, too. And would it fit if she
  did? 

Her answer came soon enough as her head was taken away from the first man
  and the second man shoved his even bigger dick into her mouth. She thought
  her mouth was going to be ripped apart, so wide was her jaw forced open by
  this mammoth thing. This was how she pictured having a horse's dick in her
  mouth would be, but a horse probably wouldn't be this big. 
The two men took turns having Shelly blow them for several minutes, then they
  moved her to the bed. One man laid on the bed while the other man moved her
  into position straddling him. The man had pulled off his shirt and pants before
  lying down on the bed and she could now see his muscular body. He was a big
  man and she felt very small perched on top of him like a little canary. The
  man standing by the bed handed the man lying down below here a small bottle
  from the pocket of his pants, and then he, too, started to undress. The man
  under her reached between his legs, and underneath her, and squeezed some liquid
  stuff on his big dick. He rubbed the stuff all over his dick with his hand,
  and then used his fingers to rub the liquid on her vagina. The stuff was slippery,
  almost like cooking oil, but more watery. She realize he was lubing himself
  and her up to make it easier for his giant dick to penetrate her tiny vagina.
  She groaned and began to cry again. 
Don't cry, baby, the man under her said. The fun hasn't even started yet. 
She could feel the huge head of his dick against her vagina. She could feel
  the pressure as he began pushing into her. He held her hips to forced her down
  while he forced his hips upward. The lubricant did its work. She opened up
  for his massive black cock. The head of it slipped into her and her mouth dropped
  open again. She couldn't believe the feeling. This hurt more than anything
  she'd ever felt in her life. It was as if she was being torn open. She pictured
  a flagpole being stuck up inside her. That was the closest image that would
  come to her brain that seemed to fit how this felt. Then he pushed again and
  her world shattered. The thing had gone father into her, stretching her open
  even wider. She cried out now from the pain, but the man under her only grinned
  and pushed again. Her eyes rolled in her head. She didn't think she could take
  anymore of this. She was sure if he put anymore of his dick in her that it
  would come out of her mouth. But again he pushed, and again she was stretched,
  and again it was the most amazingly painful thing she'd ever felt. She shrieked
  out this time, feeling her whole belly being torn open by this massive intruder.
  She could move, she couldn't breathe, and after a moment she couldn't even
  cry out anymore. The wind had been effectively knocked out of her. 
Then the huge thing was withdrawn slightly. She took in a breath as the pain
  subsided somewhat. Then the thing was back in her again, this time even farther
  than before. She could feel the black man's belly underneath her and she thought
  that might mean that he was all the way in her now. Despite the pain, her mind
  was still working. She was aware that she was crying out and that her vagina
  was on fire, but she could also see the man staring up at her and smiling as
  he tortured her with that part of his body. She felt sad, because she knew
  this wasn't right, but these men and that woman didn't seem to care about what
  was right and what was wrong. She was apparently just some object to them,
  a toy, to be used for their pleasures regardless of how much it hurt her. They
  had told her when she had been brought here that this would be what she was
  to be used for from now until she died. That made her feel even sadder and
  she really began to cry. She realized she'd never have a real boyfriend, or
  go to the prom, or get married, or win a soccer tournament. She'd spend the
  rest of her life doing what she was doing now: Screwing for other peoples'
  pleasures. 
The man had begun to move her back and forth, his big dick going in and out
  of her again and again. Each time he did it, it hurt less, but it was still
  almost unbearable how it felt. She was surprised when she felt cold, slippery
  liquid being poured on her butt hole and rubbed around by the head of the other
  man's massive member. 

Oh my god! No! Please! she begged, but it didn't do any good. Both men held
  her still while the larger of the two men worked his cock into her inch by
  agonizing inch. She screamed in earnest as her tight, tender anus was penetrated
  by this horrific piece of man meat. 
Finally, it was all the way in, and she'd never felt so filled up in her life.
  She was still screaming as stabbing pains shot through her, now from both her
  nether areas. The men began moving her back and forth, faster and faster. She
  could feel both of their huge dicks inside her now, and each one created its
  own separate pain. She wailed the entire time they used her. They would push
  her forward and their dicks would almost totally be out of her, giving her
  a little room to breathe. Then they would push her backwards again and fill
  her back up. Whatever breath she'd taken, she would then use to scream as loud
  as she could. Eventually, after who knows how long, her world simply went dark
  and she fell forward limply. 
She awoke later. How much later, she didn't know. She was lying on the floor
  at the foot of the bed. She moved her hands down to her throbbing hips and
  tenderly tried to rub some of the pain away. Slick lube and sticky cum leaked
  from her vagina and her butt hole. 
Oh good. You're awake, she heard from slightly above and behind her. She
  turned her head to see who had spoken. She saw a boot directly in front of
  her face. She craned her head up as best she could form her position on the
  floor, and attached to the boot was the blonde woman. 
I've been waiting here for half an hour for you to wake up, the blonde woman
  said, looking down at the girl. 
The men... they're... the girl said weakly, trying to form coherent thoughts. 
Oh, they're gone, the blonde woman said. They used you once, and then they
  switched places and used you again while you were passed out. I was a little
  disappointed in you. All that screaming you were doing really had me going,
  but then you passed out and ruined most of my fun. But then I saw those limp
  little arms and legs of your flopping around while those two big studs impaled
  you on their meat, and that got me going again really quickly. I must have
  cum five times watching you get your little cunt and ass reamed by those huge
  cocks. 
The woman paused and nudged the girl's head with her boot. You're supposed
  to say thank you' when someone pays you a compliment, you ill-mannered whore. 
The girl, in a fog of exhaustion, pain and shock, weakly said, Thank you. 
There's a good hole, the blonde woman said, sitting back in the chair. Now
  you've been good and broken in by those two big cocks. You might have some
  use around here. 
The girl said nothing. She simply laid there wishing the pain would go away.
  The blonde woman kicked her sharply in the forehead. Despite the pain, it actually
  served to wake the girl up somewhat, snapping her out of her stupor. 
God dammit! the blonde woman snapped. Learn some fucking manner, you stupid
  cunt. Say thank you' when I pay you a compliment. 
Thank you, the girl said, clutching her head. 
Good. Now, get over here and eat my pussy, the blonde woman said, pulling
  up her skirt and spreading her legs. 
What? the girl asked, dazed. 
What? What do you mean what?' the blonde woman asked. Get on your hands
  and knees and get your bald fucking head between my legs and eat out my snatch.
  Make me cum a few more times, you little whore. Then I'll let you go to your
  room. 

The girl was totally shocked. She didn't know what to think. This woman wanted
  her to put her mouth on her pussy. She knew women did that sort of thing, but
  not her. She couldn't even fathom putting her mouth on another girl's pussy. 
Hey! the blonde woman said sharply, snapping her fingers a couple of times. This
  isn't a god damned peep show. Get over here and eat me, you bitch, before I
  get those two guys back in here to beat you. 
The girl opened her mouth to say something, but stopped. Then she opened her
  mouth to say something else, but stopped again. She didn't know what to do.
  She didn't want to lick this woman's pussy, but she sure didn't want to be
  beaten, either. Very slowly, very tentatively, she got to her hands and knees
  and crawled forward toward the blonde woman. When her head was only a few inches
  from the blonde woman's pussy, closer than the girl had ever been to any other
  woman's pussy, to be sure, the woman grabbed her head and pulled it forward
  so the girl's nose was buried right in her wet vagina. 
There's a girl. Now, eat that pussy, the blonde woman said and opened her
  legs wider. 
The girl began to lick at the slit as a cat might lick at a bowl of cream.
  She could taste the woman's warm, salty juices as she licked her. 
No. Not there, the woman said. Put your mouth right up against my clit
  and tongue it like you were french kissing your boyfriend. 
The girl brought her mouth down over the woman's vagina and probed around
  with her tongue until she felt a bump. She figured that must be her clit, so
  she started licking it and twirling her tongue over it like she'd done the
  one time she'd ever french kissed a boy. The woman started groaning, and the
  girl figured she was doing a good job, so she kept at it. Pretty soon, she
  had the woman moaning and squirming in the chair. The woman had her by the
  back of her head, driving her mouth hard against her pussy. It was hard for
  the girl to breathe, but she managed. The woman's juices were beginning to
  dribble down the girl's chin, but she didn't dare stop to try to wipe them
  off. She just kept her mouth going as she was instructed. After a few moments,
  the woman released her head and sat back in the chair panting. 
Oh shit, the woman said breathlessly. That was just what I needed. 
The woman pulled down her skirt and crossed the room to the door. She opened
  it and motioned to a man on the other side. The man, dressed in a grey shirt
  and blue jeans, stepped forward. The woman told him to take the girl to her
  room. The man nodded and entered the room as the woman walked away down the
  hallway. The man took the girl by the arm and pulled her to her feet. He pushed
  her out the door, closing it as they left. He then guided her back down to
  the basement and to the housing wing where she was to be kept. He opened her
  small cell and let her crawl inside. She curled up with her blanket and cried
  herself to sleep. 
Shortly after she had finished with the girl, the blonde woman called from
  her cell phone to the room of the two black men. She asked if they were ready
  for another round. They answered that they were and she told them to meet her
  at the door to the boy's room this time. She was going to let them break him
  in as well. The men agreed; homosexuality wasn't really their thing, but a
  nice, tight ass and a blowjob were pretty much the same regardless from where
  they came. 
In a couple of minutes, the two black men rounded the corner to the boy's
  room. The blonde woman was waiting for them outside the door. She asked if
  they were ready and each of them nodded and said they were. The woman opened
  the door and all three of them entered the room, quickly closing the door behind
  them and locking it. 
The nude, bald, fourteen year-old boy was sitting on the floor against the
  wall farthest from the door when they entered. His eyes went as wide as saucers
  as he saw the three of them enter. 

Did... did you kill her? the boy asked nervously. 
What? the blonde woman asked curiously. Kill her? 
Yeah, the boy said. Did you kill Shelly? 
Oh! the blonde woman said, suddenly understanding. Oh no. We didn't kill
  her. She's very much alive. She's probably in her new home by now. 
With all that screaming I heard, I thought you'd killed her, the boy said,
  obviously calming somewhat. I figured it was my turn next. 
Oh, it is your turn, the woman said. But trust me, we won't kill you either. 
She turned to the two black men and said, Gentlemen. 
The two men moved forward and quickly lifted the boy to his feet. One of the
  men reached down and grabbed the boy by his testicles and led him to the center
  of the room. The boy cried out in pain, but followed. Not that he had any choice
  but to follow. The testicles were a very effective leash. 
The blonde woman took a seat on a plastic chair in the corner of the room.
  She said, These gentlemen are going to help break you in, as the saying goes.
  They're going to help you become properly acclimated to this place by helping
  you to discover your primary function during your time here. 
The boy was panicked. The events of the day had severely his innocent mind.
  To be kidnapped, taken to a strange place, shaved, tattooed, cleaned, forced
  to fuck the girl he'd been infatuated with for over a year, and then this was
  a lot for his mind to grasp. He wasn't sure what the woman meant by what she'd
  said, but he was almost certain it wouldn't be a good thing for him. 
He didn't need to ask what was going to happen next. One of the black men,
  the one not holding his balls, was taking off his pants. The boy's eyes almost
  bugged out of his head. The man was a big man, but when he took off his pants
  the boy understood a new definition of the word big. The big black man wasn't
  even hard and his dick was probably twice the size of the boy's. 
Oh god. No! the boy shouted, seeing the huge cock freed from the big black
  man's pants. He suddenly knew what the woman meant by his place.' He was about
  to be raped by these huge men. He tried to wrest the man's hand off his balls
  or to squirm away, but the man only squeezed tighter, causing his already sore
  genitals to ache even more. 
Oh yes, the woman said. You're not going anywhere, boy. Don't even try
  to get away. You're going to stay right here and satisfy these two gentlemen
  and me, by proxy. It's going to be a real treat watching this. I'll bet you've
  never even had a single gay fantasy in your life, have you? 
The boy couldn't speak. He was in shock at what was happening. Before his
  mind could comprehend his new circumstances, the big black man had closed his
  thick hand around the back of the boy's neck and was forcing him to his knees.
  The boy tried to resist, but he may as well have been trying to hold up a mountain.
  It was inevitable and shortly he was on his knees with a large, flaccid black
  cock string him in the face. He noticed the other man was now taking off his
  pants as well. He would have to service them both, just like the woman had
  said. 

The man forced the boy to look at his cock as he took it in one hand and moved
  it toward his mouth. He tried to push it into the boy's mouth, but the boy
  refused to open and allow the massive member entry into his oral cavity. The
  man squeezed the back of the boy's neck hard until finally the boy opened his
  mouth. Into the boy's mouth the head of the black cock went. The black man,
  still holding the boy's neck, used his head as a kind of masturbation device,
  pumping it back and forth over the head of his cock until it started to get
  hard. 
The boy was amazed, even through his terror, at how big this man's dick was.
  When it got hard, it stretched the boy's jaws and lips open wide. He could
  barely take the head in his mouth, but the black man was forceful. He worked
  about three inches of his huge tool into the boy's mouth before the other man
  took the boy by the neck and slid his cock into the boy's mouth. 
This man's cock was not as large as the other man's, but it was still huge.
  This man was also using the boy's head as a masturbation tool. Soon enough,
  he was getting hard, too. He forced more of his big dick into the boy's mouth
  than the previous man had, making the boy choke and gag as his mouth was raped. 
The man abruptly removed his cock from the boy's mouth and dragged him roughly
  to his feet. He forced the boy onto the bed, and then onto his hands and knees.
  Each man took a position at either end of the boy. The larger man was behind
  the boy and the smaller man knelt at the boy's head. The boy tried to beg for
  mercy, but the man just squeezed his neck and shoved his dick back into the
  boy's mouth. This time the man was relentless. He shoved his dick into the
  boy's mouth until it slipped down the boy's throat. The boy tried to gag, tried
  to turn his head, tried to get the huge black cock out of his mouth and throat,
  but it was useless. The black man raped the boy's small mouth and throat, stretching
  them both wide open 
Suddenly, the boy felt something cold and slippery being applied liberally
  to his butt hole. His mind reeled. The other, bigger man was about to rape
  him anally and there was nothing he could do about it. While the first man's
  cock continued its relentless assault on the boy's mouth and throat, the second
  man rubbed the head of his huge cock in the lubricant at the boy's anus. Without
  a word, the man pushed at the boy's small, tight, tender asshole, trying to
  force his cock into the boy. 
The boy could feel the pressure and tried to keep the intruder out of his
  body. He'd never thought of another man having sex with him at all. He considered
  himself to be completely straight. Now here he was with one man's cock in his
  mouth and another man about to penetrate his ass. He started to cry for the
  first time since the rape began. He sobbed in the helpless humiliation in which
  he found himself. It was too much to bear. He couldn't take it anymore, or
  so he thought. Then, the head of the black man's penis slipped into his asshole. 
The boy screamed into the other man's cock. The pain was awful. It was a thousand
  times worse than anything he could have imagined it to be. He tried to move,
  but the man held his hips and continued to work the huge tool into his ass.
  The black man forced more and more of his huge cock into the boy while the
  boy continued to scream as the other man pummeled his mouth and throat with
  his cock. The two men, it seemed, could care less how much they were hurting
  the boy. The were going to fuck and use him, and that was all that was to be
  said about it. 
The large man eventually worked his entire cock into the boy's ass, literally
  tearing the boy open in the process. The boy's ass bled as the man fucked him
  mercilessly. The boy continued to sob into the other man's cock and the man
  continued to fuck his mouth and throat. The boy's throat began to feel raw
  and sore, but the longer the man continued to slide his huge cock into his
  throat, the less it seemed it made the boy want to puke. 

After several minutes of abuse, which seemed like hours to the boy, the man
  raping the boy's ass orgasmed with a deep grunt, filling the boy's battered
  ass with his cum. The other man, only a few moments later came down the boy's
  throat. Without a single word to the boy or the woman, the men dressed and
  left the room. The boy was now left alone with the sadistic blonde woman. 
Well, she said from her seat on the chair. That looked like fun. How did
  it feel? 
The boy could say nothing. He just laid there and groaned. His throat hurt
  and his ass was on fire. He just knew he'd been permanently damaged. 
Not in the mood to chat? the woman asked. Well, fine. I'll just have to
  have you removed to your new home. Maybe I'll come and have more fun with you
  when you're in a more receptive mood. She rose from her chair and opened the
  door. She called for a work slave and had the boy escorted to a doctor, and
  then to his cell upon his clean bill of health. 
The doctor deemed the boy's anal wounds minor, cleaned him up, and sent him
  on his way. The slave took the boy to one of the small cells and locked him
  in where the boy curled up in a throbbing ball and sobbed until he finally
  fell into a fitful sleep. His life had changed forever. 
Over the next couple of weeks, many of the slaves began to accept what was
  happening to them. They knew they had no choice but to cooperate with their
  captors if they wished to live. These slaves quickly learned that compliance
  had its benefits. 
Many slaves, however, did not adapt so well to their new surroundings. The
  founding members of the Estate knew quite well how to deal with these slaves,
  though. Many were tortured, beaten, and raped mercilessly in a concentrated
  effort to break their spirits and instill in them that compliance was far more
  preferable to noncompliance. Many got the hint after little time in the torture
  rooms, other broke after a few days, and still others broke after a week or
  so of constant battery. A few, only seven of the remaining slaves, were deemed
  too reticent to be trained. These six male and one female slaves were summarily
  executed and butchered for food. The rules would be followed at the Estate
  or the disobedient slaves would die. It was that simple, and there were no
  exceptions. 
Truly, the founders of the Estate were a lot more patient than they could
  have been, given the extent of the current slave population. It would have
  been easier to have simply executed the noncompliant slaves after they did
  not accept their places at the Estate after only a few days, but Jonathan Clark
  did not want to do that. He wanted to try and keep as many slaves as possible
  through the opening. After that, the reigns could really be tightened and all
  noncompliance could be stamped out immediately. Slaves were easily replaceable,
  and fresh meat was always required. 
Now that the processing of large groups were finished, the number of volunteers
  housed permanently at the Estate had been reduced significantly. An entire
  array of shavers, tattoo appliers, and janitors were no longer needed to run
  the facilities. All volunteers were, of course, allowed to maintain memberships
  at the Estate, and at significantly reduced membership fees. 
The membership fees at the Estate could be staggering, depending on what level
  of membership a person wanted to have. The most basic membership, which consisted
  of access to four of the Estate's events per year and the use of slaves and
  facilities during those events only, cost twenty thousand US dollars. The basic
  membership didn't even come with a room in the Estate. A basic-level member
  could stay overnight in a guest room, which were the same rooms the mercenaries
  were presently using, but a basic member could spend no more than one night
  at a time at the Estate without being asked to upgrade his membership status
  and pay the fees for the next-higher rank. 

A simple, basic room at the Estate cost two hundred thousand US dollar a year.
  A member purchasing a room, however, was allowed to stay at the Estate as long
  as he wished, participate in all events, come and go as he saw fit and leave
  his room unoccupied for as long as necessary. As long as that person's membership
  dues were paid, his room would be held indefinitely. 
The highest level of membership, aside from those of the founding members,
  was the Royal Platinum membership. This membership came with a seven room suite
  in the Estate, a private jet and limousine service to all Estate events, and
  a personalized contingent of only the most beautiful and well-trained S-class
  slaves. The price tag for the Royal Platinum membership is extraordinary, but
  the Estate presently had seven Royal Platinum members and room for five more
  if any wealthy ladies or gentlemen indicated an interest in such a membership. 
Volunteers were each given permanent semi-private rooms of the kind the mercenaries
  presently used. In exchange for their services, the Estate waived ninety-nine
  percent of the required membership fees. The Estate also paid their volunteers
  for services provided, and paid quite well. Paying volunteers to the Estate
  from corporate payrolls of companies owned by members of the Estate was easy
  enough and legitimate enough to not attract attention. Diversity was also a
  key component in payroll assessment and assignment. A securities firm might
  not be easily able to explain why they need an artist on their payroll, but
  a gallery owner certainly could. Thus funds were diverted from a founding member's
  art gallery to pay the twenty tattoo artists the Estate used during the mass
  processing sessions. In return, the Estate purchased one hundred of the gallery's
  best pieces to cover the member's costs. One hand in the Estate washed the
  other. 
The Estate presently boasted just over two hundred members from all over the
  world. These were paying members only. Not included in this figure were the
  thirty-one idea men and women that designed the Estate, fronted the capitol
  for the building, grounds, and staff, and were presently overseeing the smooth
  furnishing and running of the Estate as well as the satisfactory training of
  all the slaves. Those thirty-one people were the founding members. Founding
  members, of course, paid no fees and had the final say in any situation that
  developed within the Estate. The founding members were also responsible for
  ensuring the paying members' comfort during their stays. If a paying member
  requested a wine that was not found in the Estate's cellars, then a founding
  member would be responsible for making sure that wine was on site and available
  to the paying member at the earliest possible time. Therefore, the founding
  members ran the Estate, but also guaranteed members' satisfaction during their
  time on the premises. Again, one hand washed the other. 
A routine had certainly developed in the Estate. An efficient routine, a constant
  routine, a routine of strict discipline and uncompromising obedience. The Estate
  would open soon and all would be in order for the grand opening event. There
  would be no mistakes during the opening. Jonathan Clark would see to that,
  even if he had to flay a hundred slaves alive in front of the others as examples.
  The opening event would be a grand spectacle; one to be remembered through
  the ages. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BDSM_Tourguide


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





