BDSM Library - Bohemia




Bohemia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man goes on a mission to read his poetry at a poetry festival when he meets a prostitute and has an evening he never quite expected.Bohemia   
Along the Oude Binnenweg are several bars. Being alone I chose what looked
  to be the most intimate. Despite the window being full of people, once I was
  inside I found an empty table adjacent to the bar and sat down after ordering
  a beer. The barman with a large handlebar moustache brought me a beer that
  I hid behind and began to feel comfortable. Everyone appeared to know everyone
  else and all were somewhat lubricated. The Dutch when in full flow appear to
  mimic goldfish. Their guttural language having them force large solid Germanic
  vowels from the back of their throats and out through wide-open jaws. Great
  globular sounds resounding around the room. I listened to the poetic rhythms
  without making too much effort to decipher the conversation that was being
  batted along the bar. Slowly I lost myself in a trance as the atmosphere soothed
  me. I was on my second beer when a beautiful woman sat down next to me. She
  looked round the room several times, more out of what appeared curiousity than
  to see if anyone had followed her into the bar. After being served a beer she
  sat back in her chair and I was able to study her. Her make up was thickly
  applied with thick brilliant red Mae West type lipstick, though for all the
  impasto on her face she didn't look cheap, the make up was skilfully executed.
  Catching me looking at her out of the corner of my eye she turned to me.  
 'What do you do?' She asked with apparent genuine interest.  
 'I'm a poet.' I lied. I was really a data input clerk with a fantasy to
  be a poet. An English BA honours failed. My problem was my penchant for the
  vices. At university I was too interested in experiencing my own Xanadu than
  reading about Coleridge's and seducing my own Coy Mistress than contemplating
  Marvel's. I was in Rotterdam for the poetry festival.  
 'Interesting.' she said.  
 'Not really.' I replied acting nonchalantly.  
 'I'm a whore.' If she wanted to freak me out she was saying the right thing.
  I knew immediately I was out of my depth. It's not that her being a whore that
  so alarmed me, in my fantasy I liked to dabble as much as the next man in such
  open sexual encounters. My real fear was for my erection to fail me at the
  crucial moment. My prowess shrivelled to a disappointing punch line in a bad
  joke.  
Recognising my alarm she tried to calm me down 'Don't worry I'm off duty.'  
It was not enough to stop my palpitations 'Interesting.' I said rather pathetically.
  I was obviously not hiding my anxiety.  
'Calm down.' She urged 'I'm not going to suck your balls off.' Before deciding
  to change the direction of the conversation 'What are you doing this evening?'  
Well that certainly wasn't going to work. I had started to have images of
  a sex hungry woman devouring me and being disappointed at such a weedy meal.
  'I'm going to a poetry reading.'  
'Will you read some of your own poetry?' Sensibly aware I felt better on
  my own territory or so I thought.  
'I hope to in the open session.' I said feeling more comfortable.  
'Nooo!' she exclaimed 'Will you read some now. Here!' I babbled something
  that now escapes me. She stood up and clapped her hands, silencing the bar.
  'We are going to have some poetry!' My palpitations instantly returned. 'What
  is your name?'  
'Terry.'  
'Terree is going to read one of his own poems!' She announced. To my surprise
  there was some light applause to this idea, which emboldened me so I stood
  up.  
'Verdomme! Ik verstaan Engels niet!' (Damn! I don't understand English!)
  Boomed a voice, followed by some fist banging on the bar 'Musik! Musik! Musik!'
  I looked in the direction of the commotion to see a six foot five docker type.
  He was built like King Kong, with a face that looked like it had been run over
  by a catapillar track and topped with a coiffured explosion of auburn hair
  that made him look like he had a bush fire on his head. This was encouragement
  enough for me to bolt for the door but my feet were firmly frozen to the floor
  by absolute fear. Under my fomenting panic rumbled a miserable feeling I was
  going to pee myself.  
'Houdt je mond dikt, Jaap!' Commanded the shrill voice of my beautiful neighbour.
  Jaap's mouth immediately slammed shut. 'Bedankt.' She said. 'Terree zal een
  gedichten leezen.' Before looking at me to prompt my performance 'Terree.'  
Drained of all self-confidence I took my notebook out of my pocket and fumbled
  through it to find a short poem to read. I quickly scanned the room for the
  probable directions of incoming missiles. Then I began.  
We have two choices  
We could fuck or sit in silence  
And let our skulls crack open  
You propose a third option  
&quot;We could talk&quot;  
But my tongue is knotted  
And my brain is whipped  
There is a fourth option  
We could sleep  
And let what's between us fester  
There are plenty of other days to ruin  
Silence! A second can possess extraordinary elastic qualities, not only in
  length but also in tension. The po-faced crowd extended into the far reaches
  of the room as it elongated with stretching time. I waited for the eternal
  second to snap and twang back in my face. The atmosphere cracked and the room
  broke into applause, I gulped the air. Jaap despite not speaking English was
  the most enthusiastic of all, something that disturbed me somewhat. I was taking
  the endorsement with more relief than pleasure when the beautiful woman tugged
  at my sleeve to signal me to sit down.  
'Very good.' She smiled as she silently but intimately clapped me. 'I'm Inke.'
  Finally revealing her name. The barman put another couple of beers on the table
  when something that felt like a shovel hit me between my shoulder blades.  
Once my lungs had reinflated I looked behind me to see Jaap grinning, having
  just given me a friendly slap on my back 'Prima jongen! Prima!' Somehow I had
  impressed him and he had come to join us at the table. Inke decided that since
  I was on my own that she and Jaap should accompany me to the poetry reading
  as moral support. I was uncertain of this offer though with the beer my anxiety
  had dropped and I was beginning to genuinely enjoy their company.  
By the time we left the bar I was beginning to marinate. I was steeped in
  the warm glow of alcohol and followed my new companions rather than letting
  them follow me. Before we had got to the poetry venue we had visited at least
  three or four bars but the vagueness of my memory prevents me from naming a
  precise number. As we made this detour we assembled an entourage of itinerant
  bar flies, lounge lizards and misfits. None of who where seriously out of sorts
  but all displaying peculiarities that made me question their true dispositions
  and all of who had been convinced by Inke that for some reason I needed their
  support. This group of self-modelled bohemians, enabled me to begin to live
  out a fantasy that I had fabricated in my under occupied head, whilst I was
  feeding mindless information into a blank eyed computer. I was now a misunderstood
  poet who had a band of disciples, who alone had the intellectual insight into
  understanding my genius. It may appear to be an oversight on my part that only
  one of this band of fans had ever heard and understood a poem of mine but they
  were all giving substance to my fantasy.  
The invited poets on the bill were mainly South American and East Europeans
  with the odd Dutch poet for home consumption. The main inspiration of these
  poets seemed their belief in the power of poetry to change the world whether
  through political or socially minded writing. I myself however was not beyond
  the frivolous and saw the power of poetry enduring no longer than the time
  it took to read, recite or remember a poem. My newly acquired followers, who
  protested at the initial rejection of my request for an allocated five minutes
  on the "open mic" spot, due to it being fully booked up, reinforced this irreverent
  approach. The sight of a masculine looking female threatening to burn her bra
  was too much for the earnest liberal organisers of the event, who prevaricated
  and then crumbled at a further threat from a rather camp gentleman who threatened
  to reveal the contents of his jock strap.  
Happy that I had my allocated time in the limelight, my supporters got themselves
  a drink and settled at a couple of vacant tables, from then on their behaviour
  was impeccable if one took account of their eccentricities. The venue was a
  large bar with tables scattered around the floor, benches against the walls
  and at the far right hand corner a podium for the poets. To the left of the
  podium were the emergency exit and the toilets for anyone wanting to escape
  the tedium of the poetry. My companions were baffled by the array of languages
  of the poets, surely no one in the room could speak to such fluency poetry
  required in all the languages being performed. Dutifully we all clapped at
  appropriate times, laughed when prompted by the more knowing members of the
  audience and sank into unresponsive melancholy when dulled by the monotonous
  drones of an unknown language.  
The "open mic" spot came around which generated an excited buzz in the audience,
  even amongst the earnest connoisseurs of international poetry. The truth was
  most of the "open mic" poets were Dutch and therefore able to be understood.
  The audience became animated, heckling bad poetry, whooping brave experimental
  poetry and cheering good poetry. By the time it was my turn I was not only
  drunk on alcohol but drunk on my fantasy of being the poet of bohemia. I climbed
  the steps onto the podium with such enthusiasm the momentum took me staggering
  across the stage, missing the microphone as I reached out to grab it and off
  the opposite side and into the audience. This got the biggest cheer of the
  evening. Helped back onto the platform I took more care to come to a halt in
  front of the microphone. Another cheer! The lucky thing about being English
  in Holland is that ninety five percent of people understand you. Not only do
  they understand ones language but also one's behaviour. To see a drunken Englishman
  is to see an Englishman in his natural state. I scanned the audience, the auditorium
  had expanded into a vast stadium in my mind.  
'HELLO ROTTERDAM!' I bellowed. A cheer went up! I was a man transformed.
  'FUCK OFF!' I yelled. Another cheer! This was easy I was beginning to think.
  I steadied myself by taking hold of the microphone and looked out at the crowd.
  All I could see was a kaleidoscope of faces and candles slowly spinning like
  a great ferrous wheel. 'Do you&hellip;hic&hellip;want some poetry?' I tailed
  off. A mighty 'YEAH!' came the reply. I took my notebook out of my pocket,
  squinted and began. I had successfully navigated two short poems when I started
  a third&hellip;.  
'You choose your car  
Like you choose your lover  
 (Dominique began her weird French discourse)  
Not necessarily the most beautiful  
Nor the fastest  
It could be a little dated  
With the springs a little stiff!  
But it's the overall package  
The kudos of having something &quot;autre&quot;  
Angelique insisted on the Mini  
(Insisting it was possible)  
Pull your knees up&hellip;hic&hellip;er&hellip;into..shit!&hellip;tits..I
  mean..er&hellip;er..breasts  
Yeah that's...hic&hellip;breas&hellip;'  
 'We want poetry!' Shouted a member of the audience.  
 'Bollocks!' I replied immediately and unimpeded by the drink.  
 'Get off!' Came another shout. I answered this one by turning round, dropping
  my jeans and bending over. 'Ass hole!' Was the audience's response.  
I stood up and turned back to face the audience. 'You've got it&hellip;hic&hellip;you
  bunch of arseholes!' I was aware of the cursing coming out of my mouth and
  the obnoxious attitude of the performer speaking through me but who was this
  person? Something hit me or did I just collapse? I wasn't sure of anything
  other than I was on my back and holding onto the floor for dear life as the
  ceiling revolved ever faster above me. I was vaguely aware of boos and hissing
  but it never registered as anything more than sound. From then on I can only
  remember brief moments of semi-consciousness. I was aware of being in a car.  
'Is hij dood?' (Is he dead?) Asked Jaap.  
'Natuurlijk! Waroom denkt jij hij in de auto sitten.' (Naturally! Why do
  you think he's in the car?') Replied Inke. Missing any sense of irony I tried
  to indicate to my rescuers I was not dead but just incapacitated but the effort
  was too much and I lost the will and lost consciousness.  
I woke up cold, feverish and disorientated. My initial reaction was "My God
  I'm blind!" as my eyes detected nothing but absolute darkness. I instinctively
  struck out with my arms to try and discover my surroundings but they flailed
  hopelessly in space. Lifting my head I hoped to right my vision but an axe
  buried itself in my forehead and as I winced a fist full of hatpins stabbed
  my eyes. I fell back onto the floor where I lay as still as possible until
  the pain subsided. My mouth tasted like a public crapper and my stomach churned,
  I became nauseous, breaking out in a cold sweat. Rolling over onto all fours
  I noticed a thin thread of light splitting a wall, I crawled over to it to
  discover it was a door. I opened the door, it led out into a hallway and opposite
  another door. I stumbled across the hall, bursting through the door opposite
  to find the toilet bowl. Sticking my head down the pan I retched and retched
  and retched until my stomach was empty of its malevolent contents. Exhausted
  I remained with my chest propped against the pan and my head hung into it.
  Tears and mucous dribbled from my facial orifices, collecting on the tip of
  my nose before plopping into sour brew collected in the toilet pan. Eventually
  I pushed myself up and collapsed into the corner of the bathroom. I remained
  there for some time with my eyes closed as I allowed my weak and feeble body
  to recover its strength.  
 Crumpled against the wall with my head thrown back I prayed eternity wouldn't
  make a premature visit when I heard music and voices from above. It didn't
  have a celestial origin unless Marvin Gay was performing some sexual healing
  on the angels. Almost pulling the wash basin off the wall I pulled myself to
  my feet. My body was wracked with aches and pains from the cramp and the cold
  of the bathroom. At least my confinement in the cold damp atmosphere had numbed
  my head. I felt my way along the hall to the upward flight of stairs and squinted
  up the stairwell but there was nothing but darkness above. Bracing myself I
  started to ease my way up the stairs by pulling on the banister to help my
  aching legs. By the next landing the noise was louder but still coming from
  above. I followed the banister round and up the next two flights of stairs
  to what must be the attic I thought. The music was on the same level as me
  and chatting and laughter accompanied it. Starting to edge round the banister
  again I realised the sound was behind me, I turned to see a partially open
  door. Curious as to who could be causing the party noise I stepped lightly
  towards the door. Were these the same tenants of the room I had woken up in?
  Gently I pushed the door open to be met with such a sight I forgot how to blink.  
 I swear I saw a hairy arse stuck in the air and just about to be pierced
  by a woman with a huge phallus, when Inke suddenly appeared all but naked.  
 'How are you feeling?' She asked in the imbecile tones of a mother to her
  injured toddler. 'Your head must be ringing.' I ignored her question. My eyes
  could not absorb enough information. Inke put her arms around me and pressed
  my head onto her shoulder 'There, there, you must be feeling terrible.' It
  was then a man wearing a dental clamp of sorts put a large glass of jenever
  in my hand and using improvised sign language urged me to drink it in one.
  Foolishly I did, I immediately felt its fumes fill my head as it burnt its
  way down my gullet. Inke led me across the room and told me to sit on the edge
  of the bed because I looked unsteady on my feet. I sat down only to feel the
  bed rocking. I looked round to see two women sat on a male, one on his groin
  and the other apparently on his face. I stood up immediately should I be accused
  of being a pervert for showing too much interest in their activities and moved
  over to the fire place. There I was then confronted by a chap leant against
  the mantelpiece wearing an all in one latex suit. The suit covered his head
  and face with a hole for his mouth and a slit in the groin where a proud erection
  was protruding through it.  
 "Damn thing literally burst its seam!" He exclaimed in a muffled but disappointed
  tone and then sucked a cocktail through a straw.  
 'It's a bit of a pisser.' I empathised hoping I didn't sound as if I was
  mocking.  
 Inke came over to me and spared me the anxiety of making a social gaff and
  put a large splif in my mouth 'There. This will make you feel better.' I took
  a large draw, filling my lungs and holding in the opiate before exhaling. Inke
  urged me on and so I repeated the process several times before she abandoned
  me and took the drug with her. Someone called Joke handed me a drink and introduced
  herself. She mentioned something about the poetry earlier in the evening but
  by then my inhibitions had gone again and I was studying her breasts, which
  didn't seem to phase her in the least. After Joke there is not much I remember
  other than being fascinated by body piercings and tattoos that decorated such
  intimate parts of the anatomy that I winced more than once on somebody else's
  behalf. There was the effeminate male I remembered from the entourage earlier
  who asked me if I wanted to see the bee on his sting. I looked blankly at a
  bee tattooed on his foreskin.  
He gave me a shrug 'You aren't interested are you?' I was but not in being
  stung by his bee, even after so many jenevers. I went and sat on the couch,
  the dope and the alcohol was beating me. There I was joined by a series of
  people who chatted for awhile but nothing I can remember, as far as I am aware
  the evening ended for me at that point.  
Even though it could only have been a few hours later I found myself in a
  deserted room. All the smoke had cleared though the low winter sun that lit
  up the room through dirty windows, gave the impression of a smoke filled atmosphere
  as its rays were defused by the grime.. The stale stink of cigarettes and alcohol
  hung in the air with the smell of rancid sweat and sexual fluids. My head rang
  with a dull throb and my neck had a crick in it from the awkward way I had
  lain against the arm of the couch. It was through this mental investigation
  of my physical well being I felt cool air around my groin with a distinct discomfort
  to my penis. I look down to see I was missing my jeans! I sat up bolt upright
  and instantly covered my genitals with a cushion from the couch but there was
  indeed no one around. Slowly I lifted the cushion and looked beneath it. My
  penis was in an exceedingly diminutive state, red with soreness from apparent
  vigorous use but what sent a shot of adrenaline to my brain and back to my
  penis, was a smudged ring of brilliant red lipstick that circled it!  
For reasons of emotional security I searched for my jeans and found them
  on the floor where I assume they had been discarded. I was relieved no one
  had thought about making a jest and hiding them, my anxiety levels were already
  decidedly uncool for a bohemian poet. I pulled them on without hesitation and
  sat back on the couch happy that that was one anxiety that had been eased and
  pondered the state of my penis. The more I scoured my memory the more convinced
  I was I had not indulged in any sexual activity. Annoyingly I had a vague recollection
  of an erotic dream that slipped from my memory the more I tried to grasp the
  strands that lingered in my imagination. The few images I had left flickering
  in my brain were too surreal to reveal any intelligible clue as to any meaning
  so I gave up and went back to contemplating my penis's condition. The evidence
  was there, I had been doing something or someone had been doing something to
  me and who used brilliant red lipstick? Inke of course! I sat back in smug
  satisfaction at the thought of the beautiful Inke performing fellatio on me.
  It was of little consequence to me that I had not been awake to experience
  those big red lips sucking at my penis but the knowledge of their indulgence
  in my groin was enough to ease the grind of my throbbing head and bilious gut.  
Fortified enough by the conclusions my powers of deduction had arrived at
  I set out to find the kitchen to complete my recovery with a strong coffee.
  I found myself downstairs on the same floor as the room I originally woke up
  in. At the end of the hallway was a kitchen, its white interior reflecting
  light along the dark corridor. With a little nervousness I poked my head around
  the door should I find myself an unwanted visitor in a strangers kitchen. One
  can never tell in these old houses just where one persons territory ends and
  another begins. I had no need to worry as Inke was sitting at the table pushed
  over against the opposite wall. She was dressed in pink lace underwear, her
  make up still immaculate and those big pouting red lips, simply perfect.  
'Coffee?' She simply said as way of invitation.  
'Please.' I replied and sat down on the opposite side of the table as Inke
  poured me the dark brew and spooned a couple of sugars in the cup. Her delicate
  hands moved with such grace as she stirred the coffee and placed the spoon
  on the saucer. I looked up at her and smiled but she gave no indication of
  mentioning our intimate liaison, in what I had in the light of day drawn the
  conclusion was an orgy.  
'Toast?' She asked. I simply nodded and watched her gracefully get a plate
  out of the cupboard above the kitchen work surface. Her buttocks were firm
  and round and stretched her panties to the point where she would be less revealed
  if she was naked. She sat down, placing the plate in front of me and put two
  slices of bread in the toaster.  
'You was very good last night.' She commented. Very good? What was that supposed
  to mean and how am I supposed to know if I was in a drunken stupor? 'In fact
  your first two poems were very expressive and&hellip;and&hellip;' She searched
  for a word 'Faultless?' She snapped her fingers. Oh my poetry I thought.  
'I can't really remember much' I confessed.  
'But you know&hellip;' pausing as a way of telling me I should take note
  of what she is about to say 'If you are going to insult your audience you really
  do have to deliver a brilliant performance.'  
'Something hit me didn't it?' I inquired.  
'Yes.' She said before going on to explain 'A glass.' Then she slapped her
  forehead with the palm of her hand 'Right in the middle of your forehead.'
  Shaking her head with disbelief 'A brilliant shot.'  
'Oh.' Not being able to think of what to say.  
'The crowd really got ugly.' She buttered my toast and pushed it in front
  of me.  
'I'm sorry.' I said feeling ashamed.  
'Damn!' She exclaimed 'There is no need to apologise.' And laughed 'It was
  the best night out we have had for a long time!'  
'Well I'm pleased I contributed to everyone's evening.' I lamented but what
  about the orgy?  
'That's why we came back and partied.' She said as she rolled a cigarette
  'We didn't want the night to end.' Good we are getting somewhere I thought
  just when&hellip;.  
'Goeie Morgen, jongen!' (Good morning, son!) Said a booming voice in the
  doorway. I turned to see Jaap leaning against the door with a big silly grin
  on his face. He was wearing a pink skin-tight latex mini dress with white latex
  frills and a big pink silk bow on his head tying his mop of hair up. His lips
  were painted with brilliant red lipstick in the style of Mae West. Smudged!
  My jaw dropped. I looked at Inke, then at Jaap before returning to look at
  Inke again. Inke raised her eyebrows as if to encourage me to say what was
  on my mind. I looked at Jaap again before returning to Inke.  
'N-nothing.' I said.  
'Are you all right?' Inquired Inke 'You have gone very pale.'  
'I-I'm fine.' I replied as I looked at Jaap again. There was nothing to say.
  The vision in front of my eyes said it all but I was not sure if I was alone
  in understanding the significance or my companions knew more than me. I didn't
  ask. I really didn't want to know.  
'Voel jij goed jongen?' (Are you feeling good son?') Jaap laughed.  
I ate my toast and drank my coffee in silence, unable to think of anything
  to say. My palpitations had started again and I broke out in a sweat.  
'You really don't look well.' Said Inke.  
'Perhaps I should get some fresh air.' I answered and got up and left the
  kitchen. As I made my way down the stairs, Jaap's loud voice bellowed a huge
  guffaw after me, down the stairwell and out onto the street.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProjectEuropa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





