BDSM Library - Pygmalion




Pygmalion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A comic story of a sexually inadequate man who murders his only lover and finds his new lover has to mimic his old lover.Pygmalion   
Clarissa was a sullen lump that watched TV most of the day with her mouth
  open and a surprised look on her face. She had not always been like this but
  James had to admit with hindsight, the potential was always there. John had
  introduced him to Clarissa at the office party where she seemed full of fun
  and ended up back at James' apartment where they spent the night together in
  vigorous copulation. She had introduced him to acts he had only heard his friends
  salaciously discussing in the bar after work. James realised with his appalling
  record with women, if it wasn't for Clarissa all those exotic acts he had experienced
  with her, would still be some vague longing in his inadequate imagination.
  Even accepting the debt of gratitude he owed her, he found he could not deceive
  himself. She disgusted him.  
 He poured himself a carrot juice and walked across the polished wooden floor
  to the large sliding windows that led out onto the balcony. Sliding open the
  huge pane of glass he looked round at his open plan apartment furnished with
  icons of twentieth century design. For all his financial success and all his
  impeccable taste, he could not change his pinched acne face or his short sighted
  vision that required almost spherical lenses. He pushed his thick glasses back
  onto the bridge of his nose at the thought of his unresponsive eyes and walked
  out onto the balcony that looked out over the Thames. What was the point of
  it all if he could not attract the woman of his dreams? Clarissa remained sat
  in front of the TV that dominated the wall like a cinema screen. He looked
  round at her sat there in her luxury lingerie. Like him she needed more than
  money could buy to be attractive.  
 Voices chirped from below, he looked down. Charlotte, his neighbour downstairs,
  was entertaining a friend. He leaned over the balcony a little more to see
  the cleavage of the two women below as they leant against the balcony rail.
  Charlotte had a fine pair he thought but her friend's grabbed his attention,
  as they where so large and uplifted so much, her nipples were almost exposed.
  As he strained his neck a little more to get a better view, he accidentally
  spilt the carrot juice. He watched in horror as the great globule of orange
  liquid splattered in the cleft of the two enormous mammary glands. Retreating
  from the rail he froze so not as to make a sound and give himself away.  
 "Eek!" was the initial shriek from below, followed by the sound of someone
  dancing up and down "Oh god oh god oh god bird shit!"  
 "Yuck! That's funny bird shit."  
 "Maybe its bird diarrhoea?' said a trembling voice "wipe it off wipe it
  off!" The commotion continued.  
 James very slowly tip toed back into the apartment, praying he wouldn't
  make a sound. Once inside he slid shut the window in silence before he at last
  allowed himself to exhale. His eyes burnt into the back of Clarissa's head
  as though it was all her fault. Her breasts were formless, he thought, moving
  off at a tangent. Well they weren't formless, that was impossible as they existed
  but they had no aesthetic form, he debated to himself. He irritated himself
  at moments like this for his lack of clarity. All his success had rested on
  clarity of thought and decisive action but alas, that was in his work life
  and for some reason he found those qualities inexplicably absent in his private
  life. Numbers, he was happy with numbers, one had to get into great depth before
  they confused but they still behaved predictably. Clarissa remained gawking
  at the TV, encased in a world of her own.  
 'You gormless slut.' He hissed. No response. He went over to the kitchenette
  and putting his glass down on the counter, opened the cutlery draw. Everything
  was in its place and so to hand which was how he liked things to be. Taking
  out the carving knife he felt the blade. Like a razor he thought. He crept
  across the room until he was square behind Clarissa. Holding the knife in two
  hands he held it aloft before bringing it down on Clarissa. The knife glanced
  off her head as his knuckles hit her crown, knocking her forward onto the floor
  before it ended up stuck in the couch. Immediately he jumped over the couch
  and landed on Clarissa's back, thrusting the knife into her. There was not
  so much as a squeal, all she could manage was a little fart sound. A strange
  mixture of carbolic and stale breath filled his nostrils, he heaved a little.
  Standing up he took the knife and washed it in the sink of the kitchenette
  before replacing it in the correct position in the drawer. Time for a celebration
  he thought, pouring a whiskey from the decanter that had sat on the drinks
  cabinet, he swallowed it in one. He straightened his hair and tie before putting
  on his jacket. It was early evening and late enough to think about getting
  lathered in the wine bar.  
The lift stopped at the floor below his and in stepped Charlotte and her
  friend. Charlotte was a beauty, the mythical English Rose, pale porcelain smooth
  skin and rich. Her crystal accent chimed money when she spoke. Her friend however
  was butt ugly with an upturned nose that resembled a snout and large teeth
  that seemed to make closing her mouth impossible. Despite this, on his scale
  of expectations she was up there, she was a looker. She was at least fifty
  pounds heavier than he was, though at least thirty of those pounds were her
  breasts, which cantilevered out with the help of some undergarment superstructure.
  The other twenty was on her arse that acted as a counter weight to her breasts
  and enabled her to have a proud upright posture. With udders and haunches to
  match, she was a cow concluded James but what was he if not a warty toad?  
'Hello James!' said Charlotte in her normal way that gave the impression
  she was always happy to see him. Happy that she would never have to sink low
  enough to sleep with him he thought. 'This is Jasmine.' She said introducing
  her friend 'Jasmine this is James, my upstairs neighbour.'  
'Hello.' Said Jasmine holding out her hand. The same crystal accent thought
  James with relish. Jasmine was suddenly becoming increasingly attractive as
  she spoke!  
The lift opened into a small foyer that led out into the street that was
  separated by a skin of glass. Outside they pushed themselves through a throng
  of people that visited the old dock area for the museums and gift shops that
  had been part of its gentrification. As they meandered through the crowd they
  all found themselves a little way down the street at the entrance of Mason's
  Wine Bar.  
'Ah James.' Exclaimed Charlotte over enthusiastically 'You are in need a
  little medicine too?'  
'Just one of those days.' Said James, remembering Clarissa lying on his apartment
  floor 'I'm in the mood to get bladdered.' If he thought Charlotte's sociability
  was an invitation to join them he was mistaken. As he went to sit on his normal
  perch at the bar, the women went and sat near the window and waited for the
  waiter. He ordered a Merlot but it didn't taste. Not that there was a problem
  with the wine, it was the fact he was alone, he needed something stronger.
  Jazz was being quietly piped round the bar, usually he never noticed the music
  but today it was reminding him how much he hated jazz. Like chalk squealing
  on a blackboard he thought but to admit to such blasphemy amongst his peers
  would have made him a target for mockery. How noise without rules can be described
  as music had always foxed him. He looked towards the women who were busy competing
  with each other in the gossip stakes, neither seeming to take a breath should
  advantage be surrendered to the other.  
James occupied himself by blowing silent raspberries, a way of fending off
  boredom and so depression. He was conscious the alcohol was making him sink
  rather than lifting him as he continually scanned the room. It was then, he
  noticed the women had company. At some point a male or more accurately, a stud
  for Charlotte had joined the women. He looked round for a second male but there
  didn't seem to be one, the trio was sat evenly around the small round table.
  What initially he had took as a personal blow now had his imagination working
  overtime. Charlotte's friend Jasmine was playing gooseberry. If Charlotte didn't
  want Jasmine out of the way you could bet your Porche the stud did. The thought
  and the alcohol had warmed him. There were certain things a man had to do and
  telling a woman that if she made the right moves, she could end the night with
  a virile hot sweaty male was one of them. He ordered a refill and sauntered
  nonchalantly between the tables and over to the group by the window.  
'Yes?' Said a blond haired, square chinned, Australian beach bum looking
  up at him. James looked blankly at the three faces looking at him in expectation.
  He decided he hated Australians but this didn't help his immediate problem,
  of him looking like a complete imbecile, as he stood there with his mouth open.
  Charlotte nodded slightly as she gave a broad artificial smile, willing him
  to answer. He was aware of a vacant space expanding in his head and suppressing
  all meaningful thought. Swilling the wine round his glass he imagined flying
  across the room and giving the Australian a scissor kick to the head.  
Jasmine broke the silence 'Were you going to ask me for a drink?' she said
  guessing correctly. By this time James had lost his capacity to talk. His preoccupation
  in moments like this, as to why he never experiences such a problem at work,
  only increased his social handicap. Jasmine began to look embarrassed as the
  increasing length of silence made her appear desperate. Her discomfort increased
  his discomfort until he was totally paralysed.  
'Why don't you just butt out matey.' Said the Australian. James struck a
  Karate pose and made a low humming sound, followed by a yell as he karate kicked
  the Australian's head off his shoulders. Unfortunately this episode only took
  place in his head and his only real response to the Australian was to remain
  open mouthed and fixed to the floor.  
Jasmine decided if she was going to get a male, she was going to have to
  take a little more initiative. 'I'll have a drink with you.' She said with
  a forced smile as she braced herself for another knock back.  
A couple of people pushing past James as they made for the exit broke his
  self-destructive spell 'Wonderful.' He said in quiet amazement. Jasmine got
  up to join him as Charlotte gave her a wink of encouragement, understanding
  she did not have the attributes to be too choosy. James peed in the Australian's
  glass of wine and put up two fingers up at him or at least he wished had the
  courage to do it. He took Jasmine gently by the arm as one would an old lady
  and led her towards the bar where he was most comfortable. James returned to
  his perch and guided Jasmine onto hers where they sat and began coo at each
  other, while Charlotte and the Australian took the opportunity to leave.  
James shut the door behind himself and let a smug smile broaden across his
  face. A little more work on Jasmine and bingo! He took off his jacket and threw
  it across the chair while loosening his tie with broad expansive gestures.
  He quick stepped over to the drinks cabinet with his invisible partner in his
  thrall. 'Tonight you shall surrender your honour Mademoiselle.' He said with
  a Cluseauesque accent. Just as he was about to pour himself a night cap while
  contemplating the dark arts of seduction, there was a knock on the door. It
  rather disquieted him, as though he was being spied on. He composed himself
  as quickly as possible before going over to the door and looking through the
  spy hole. Jasmine's face looked more bloated than it was in reality by the
  wide angled lens. Hurriedly he fumbled the door open.  
'It appears Charlotte is still out with Cobber!' A tipsy Jasmine exclaimed
  rather loudly.  
'You don't have a key?' Asked an unsettled but excited James.  
'Of course I do!' she said 'That's why I'm here.'  
'You'd better come in.' He said.  
Jasmine wobbled through the door a little uncertain on her feet 'For a moment
  I thought you was going to leave me out there.'  
'No no.' he said apologetically 'Come in and make yourself comfortable.'
  Just then he remembered Clarissa was on the floor on the in front of the couch.
  Taking hold of Jasmine's shoulders he directed her in the direction of the
  drinks cabinet 'Why don't you pour us a drink.' She obediently allowed herself
  to be guided and wobbled like a duck over to the drinks while James rushed
  over to the couch. Clarissa was still lying prostrate where he had left her,
  her surprised expression fixed towards the ceiling. He got down on his knees
  and shoved her under the couch, making sure no errant limbs were exposed. Struggling
  back to his feet he thought Christ! Only a drunk could miss her.  
Jasmine turned propelling herself almost full circle before correcting herself.
  'Damn!' She bellowed, causing James' heart into a fit of frenzied palpitations
  as he assumed she had spotted Clarissa. 'I don't want a drink.' She said emphatically
  'I want a fuck!'  
Lord mercy, he thought. Fantasy is one thing, the actual act of congress
  quite another! Perhaps Jasmine discovering Clarissa's butchered corpse was
  the least of his worries. In a single movement she had unfastened and stepped
  out of her scarlet pencil dress. The vision of Jasmine striding towards him
  in her black micro thong and black lace bra with its invisible engineering
  that propelled her breasts forward like zeppelins looked positively dangerous.
  Before he had the chance to yelp help! He could feel his face being sucked
  off while she rubbed her hands feverishly though his hair. There was no other
  choice but to submit to the marauding amazon or to chance ending up in a similar
  condition to Clarissa. It didn't really matter, whether he was submitting or
  being savaged he could not see what difference it would have made. His shirt
  was being ripped off his back while at the same time he was being robbed of
  his trousers. As far as he could tell she had three hands. Just when he thought
  he had her roaming hands in checkmate, up popped another hand insistent on
  molesting him from another angle.  
'Rip my thong off!' Breathing her command all over him. 'I'm your slut!'
  With his head firmly fixed in the cleavage and her thong being so small, it
  took what seemed an eternity to find it. Eventually he grasped the flimsy garment
  and yanked it off. 'You brute!' she accused. Then taking his head plunged it
  between her thighs. He gargled helplessly as she pressed his face in her damp
  cleft. Not taking the chance on male incompetence at unfastening a bra, she
  ripped hers off. Then taking hold of James' ears, lifted his face back up to
  between her breasts and began to slap him violently about the head with them,
  before wrestling him through the door and onto the bedroom.  
Jasmine lay looking up at the ceiling traumatised while James lay on her,
  his head buried between her breasts in shame. Neither one wanting to start
  the post mortem for fear of its revelations but both knowing something needed
  to be said.  
'Its like an empty salami skin.' She complained 'Am I so repulsive not even
  you can't salute me?'  
James missed the hidden insult, as his head remained pressed between her
  breasts totally humiliated 'Noo' he said weakly 'It's not that at all.'  
'Did I come on too strong?' Quizzed Jasmine.  
'I'm not used to a woman with such strong wants, needs and desires.' He admitted
  as he clumsily tried to explain.  
She took a hold of his hair and lifted his head so she could look him in
  the eye 'Are you saying I'm a nymphomaniac?'  
'Nooo.' His voice trembled. 'You just scared me.'  
'So you DO think I'm a nymphomaniac!' With that she spun him off her like
  a wrestler escaping an opponent. James landed with a bang on the floor and
  felt the full weight of Jasmine as she stood on him as she left the room 'I
  need a drink.' She said exasperated 'I've never been told I was a man eating
  slut before.' If only she was she would be in her seventh heaven she thought.
  James lay winded on the floor, struggling to get his breath after being deflated
  by Jasmine's dynamic weight. After a short while he gathered enough strength
  and dragged himself onto the bed like a half drowned sailor pulling himself
  aboard a dinghy. Burying his head into the pillow in the absence of Jasmine's
  breasts, he desperately thought how he could escape the situation with just
  a modicum of his ego intact. Meanwhile out in the lounge he could hear the
  chinking of glass and Jasmine moving around agitated muttering constantly but
  which he could only pick out sketchy snippets.'&hellip;.never been so insulted&hellip;..I'm
  a turn off&hellip;that Mr Weedy is no&hellip;' Grabbing a second pillow he
  pulled it over his head to form a protective cocoon. In the end he found it
  impossible to blank out the world or was he just conscious of Jasmine standing
  in the doorway. He extricated his head from the sandwich of pillows and looked
  towards the door that framed a silhouette of Jasmine. She was holding up what
  appeared to be a shadow that had shed its ethereal nature and had taken on
  a more solid form.  
'Is this yours?' She asked accusingly.  
'Heh heh heh&hellip;' He tried to laugh 'It was just a prankish thing from
  an office party.' There was something unconvincing about his explanation which
  stemmed from his own lack of belief.  
She fingered the crotch of the shadowy figure 'Ugh! Its slimy.' Before smelling
  her fingers 'Yuck!' she said recoiling.  
'Its not what you think.' He protested with little belief.  
'You fuck this but you can't fuck me?' She said pleading for an explanation
  that made some sense to her.  
'Well ..yes..but.. its er..' His tongued knotted as he squirmed.  
'Jesus! You need therapy.' She lectured.  
What the hell he thought. He might as well be honest, he thought, things
  just couldn't get any worse. 'That's Clarissa. She's the only woman I have
  ever been with.' What was he saying? Was he requesting, a straight jacket?
  'I killed her this morning.' Yes he was, he wanted to be certified.  
Jasmine turned on the light, illuminating Clarissa who she held by the neck,
  the rest of her dangling, likes a piece of flayed hide. James looked at Clarissa's
  surprised expression with a hint of nostalgia. She had never made any demands
  of him, never made him feel inadequate, she was always there ready and willing
  in his darkest hours. If he felt pitiful, he looked pitiful and more than he
  thought he did. The sheer sight of such a weak male brought the therapist out
  in Jasmine. She gave him a look that suggested he wasn't much but he was all
  she had which sent shivers rippling through him.  
'You.' She commanded pointing a finger at him 'Stay here.' She waited for
  an acknowledgement but she could see from the wreckage on the bed he was in
  no condition to wander off anywhere. 'When I shout you, you come into the lounge.
  Okay?' He gave the slightest nod, which was all she required. Turning she closed
  the door behind her leaving him in the bedroom alone. He let out an audible
  sigh of relief as he lay back and felt his body relax. There was nothing left
  to worry about, his humiliation if it was not total before was certainly total
  now. In a matter of hours the world would know he fucked blow up dolls. A serene
  feeling had fell upon him like a gentle mist. It must be something like the
  feeling that befalls a person coming to terms with their imminent death.  
After a short period of silence Jasmine bellowed 'James!' and before he could
  respond she repeated herself with a scream 'James!' James sat up like a nervous
  rodent on hearing an approaching tomcat. Fearful of the predatory female in
  the next room but more fearful of not obeying her, he braced himself as he
  stood up. 'James!' He jolted like he had been prodded with an electric wand.  
'Coming.' Came his trembling reply. Nervously he advanced towards the door,
  scared as to what he might find on the other side. Gently pushing open the
  door he peered into the lounge. At first he saw nothing but Clarissa thrown
  over the back of the couch like a discarded skin. Taking a few more intrepid
  steps into the room he saw a figure on the floor in front of the minimal designed
  fireplace where a gas fire attempted realistic flames. The figure was motionless
  as a corpse but retained the vibrancy of a body bristling with latent energy.
  He inched closer should the body detonate. On closer inspection it was Jasmine
  lying in the same passive pose in which Clarissa was fixed when inflated. Her
  face was painted heavily with makeup mimicking Clarissa's surprised expression.
  Red spherical blotches decorated her cheeks and exaggerated scarlet lips circled
  her open mouth. She had contoured her body with lines of mascara to indicate
  seams. The overall effect prompted a stunning reaction in James, bypassing
  his brain and penetrating deep into his psyche. His stomach felt like it was
  being gently kneaded and growth took place between his legs with astonishing
  speed and strength. With this growth in his stature came a parallel growth
  in his confidence.  
'Don't dare move!' He commanded and then threatened 'Or I'll deflate you.'
  She immediately understood that she was not to react in anyway to his attention,
  something she found disturbingly erotic. It was the antithesis of her whole
  manner. Normally she shrieked, no she screamed in ecstasy or at least she thought
  she would if she was given the chance. He parted her legs slightly as he knelt
  between them. Her eyes fluttered in anticipation 'Don't!' He said sternly,
  giving her a keen slap to the thigh. She felt her state of arousal heighten
  at this admonishment and began to blink purposely when necessary, like she
  had a doll's weighted eyeballs.  
It was a savage night and if Jasmine were Clarissa she would not have survived,
  however she saw no reason to complain. In fact the man handling had turned
  her into a pressurised volcano that periodically blew. If she had been in a
  more rational state of mind as opposed to being totally lost in carnal pleasure
  she would admit to being impressed by the animal James had turned into. She
  had never before been picked up like a waif and served up on a table or thrown
  across the back of an armchair to be attacked from behind. Nor had she been
  forced fed an angry member while hanging from a banister. It was as exhilarating
  as it was dangerous, for she was often in danger of suffering concussion by
  her own breasts. As for James, he had amazed himself, his chest puffed up with
  pride with how much power his scrawny body packed. But the body has its limits
  and eventually their energy was sapped and they both fell into a deep and satisfying
  sleep.  
Jasmine's angelic snoring woke James who had fallen to sleep with his head
  on her bosom. She was laid on the rug in front of the fire with her limbs spread
  out like she had been pole axed. Her substantial breasts were rising and falling
  in a steady rhythm, as if choreographed at some Swiss finishing school. He
  was amused how at intervals her nose would twitch before she would give a snort
  and then resume snoring again. It all gave the impression of a blue blood mannerism
  that could not be faked by lesser people. Her snoring was posh and he was impressed.
  In the reverie the dolls make up on her face had somewhat smudged as with the
  seams of mascara that defined her statuesque bulk. This however did not diminish
  the overall effect on James as its stimulus was still potent. She was gorgeous
  he thought! He stood up where he could study her better, she was all woman
  and she had been satisfied by he, all man! Turning he went out onto the balcony,
  naked as a monkey in a jungle and looked out over the Thames. His battered
  member somewhat sore from the night's events was soothed as it dangled in the
  cool morning breeze. Cupping his hands he put them to his mouth while filling
  his lungs before bellowing a Tarzen yell across the river. AaaahhhhhhaaaAAAaahhhhhhaaaAAAaaahhhHHH!!!!!!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProjectEuropa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





