BDSM Library - The Amazon Priestess




The Amazon Priestess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A tale of spies, tentacled monsters, treachery and revenge amidst an Amazon nation on a planet far far away.THE AMAZON PRIESTESS &ndash; By CORDOZA  
DISCLAIMER  
This story is totally fictional and contains scenes of a graphically sexual/violent
  or sexually violent nature, and by continuing further you agree that you are
  at least 18 yrs old and that you have no objection whatsoever to reading such
  extreme adult material.  
THE STORY  
Helga surveyed the unconscious rebel girl with disgust. Only a short while
  earlier they had both given and shared in lustful union, but the girl had failed
  to give the priestess the information she urgently required. So lust had turned
  to anger, and anger to unbearable pain that sang loud in the cave deep beneath
  the castle. As the Kraal guard replaced the cooling iron back into the furnace
  the priestess reached out a hand to stroke the girl's bloody breast.  
'Another tragic waste,' she thought, 'the pathetic weakness of these rebel
  sisters disgusts me, for in the end they always talk.' Helga was displeased
  that she had broken her toy. But now of course there would be many more fresh
  ones to add to her collection.  
The deep space intruder circled the field only once before the pilot considered
  it safe to land. After alighting in the long grass he reduced the engine to
  a low hum and his brief double flash of light was answered by four more flashes
  from the edge of the forest. He was relieved to see only two figures racing
  from the trees. Turning quickly around in the cockpit he nodded to the figure
  behind.  
Clutching the case of star mines Claire opened the little door. A pair of
  eager and friendly hands reached up to help her to the ground. She smiled briefly
  at Astra and Erin before they ran back to the cover of the forest. The intruder
  powered up its engine and immediately made for the safety of home.  
Deep among the pines the three women stopped to catch their breath.  
"Astra, I am so glad to see you again," Claire gasped and hugged the beautiful
  Amazon woman. Then Erin interrupted their reunion.  
"We must hurry Earth Girl. The soldiers are everywhere. It will not be safe
  until we reach the village&hellip;" but her words were cut short by a sudden
  movement in the undergrowth.  
"HALT!" yelled a brutish voice as ghostly black figures sprang out to surround
  them.  
"A KRALL PATROL! ...QUICK YOU TWO, RUN!" Erin shouted and lifted her laser
  pistol. But before she could take aim her jacket glowed scarlet from the impact
  of a dozen deadly rays. Astra screamed "NOOOOOOOO!" as her lover collapsed
  into the bushes. Then the remaining pair were seized by the soldiers.  
The science officer sat busily examining the case of star mines that lay
  open on the table. Blood dripped from the corner of Claire's mouth as the young
  Earth agent turned her head defiantly back to face the fat ugly Jarl. Tears
  clouded her vision and she winced in pain as the brutish Kraal behind her tugged
  viciously at the roots of her hair.  
"So young and so stubborn!" grunted Bera the Jarl then turned once again
  to Astra. She raised her fist and then cursed as the Amazon warrior spat in
  her face. Fury danced in the petty official's eyes as she wiped her sleeve
  across her cheek then raised her arm higher. Astra instinctively closed her
  eyes, but the blow never came.  
"I do hope district leader&hellip;" said a soft but firm female voice, "that
  you are not damaging our goods!". The pompous official looked round in anger
  to see who dared to have seized her arm. Then her boots clicked as she came
  rapidly to attention. The thug holding Claire's hair also demonstrated an urgent
  desire to stand erect.  
"I see you are getting nowhere as usual Bera," the Huscarle tutted sarcastically.  
"Regretfully 'no' Madame. But I have only just begun."  
"Then you will cease at once," spat the tall blonde. "Have I not told you
  that these Rebel prisoners are to be turned over to me?"  
"My er&hellip;apologies," grunted Bera in frustration. "but what can you
  do that I cannot do? They are being most stubborn."  
"That is none of your concern," the blonde smiled as her eyes scanned the
  bodies of the two prisoners.  
Astra was Claire's contact in the Amazon resistance. A very tall strikingly
  beautiful twenty five year old brunette, with straight black shoulder length
  hair that framed her high cheeked and noble face. A faded black crescent adorned
  her forehead, the sign of a privileged member of the imperial household. Like
  the rest of her all female race, her skin was a dark green hue, and flowed
  lusciously downward over her proud prominent breasts and the fabulous muscular
  frame that betrayed her former warrior status. The Huscarle moved quietly around
  her, gazing lustfully at her sister Amazon's curves.  
Claire was once again secretly visiting this distant and isolated planet,
  as the Amazon nation was still at war with Earth. At twenty years she was young
  for an Earth federation spy. However, her stunning looks and figure, and the
  addition of a skin dye, permitted her to mix unnoticed in the higher echelons
  of Amazon society, where only the finest and most striking of women were permitted
  to enter the imperial court and enjoy favour from the high ranking officials.
  But Claire was not attracted to women, entirely the opposite, but she had yet
  to meet a suitable breed male on her home planet. The Earth girl had had to
  use great skill and bluff to avoid the sexual advances of the Amazon race,
  but Astra had prepared her for this. The Huscarle emissary addressed them once
  more&hellip;  
 "You shall both be most welcome to spend a few days with my mistress. I
  regret that you have been treated so clumsily and I am sure some way can be
  found to make your stay in the republic a more pleasant one." "Oh yes! and
  especially&hellip;" she said turning to Claire, "for our honored ambassador
  from Earth&hellip; Err, Claire is your name, isn't it? &hellip;who is so far
  from home." Astra glanced briefly at her friend in shock. It was clear now
  that someone had betrayed them.  
It was a long flight through the dark forest and high canyons of that warm
  summer night till at last the transporter hovered before a huge iron gate.
  The transport was surrounded with grunting Kraals and their barking dogs. Far
  beyond In the distant haze Astra shivered as she could just make out the familiar
  black masonry of the twin towers that reached high to the starry heavens above.
  They then passed through the gate and on for another half mile along an avenue
  of very ancient trees. Claire glanced out of the window and fancied she briefly
  glimpsed her home sun bright in the dark blue sky. She suddenly felt very homesick,
  frightened and lonely. Silently, without alerting the guards she shuffled closer
  to her companion.  
The grey stone cell block was cold and damp. The only furniture was a hard
  wooden bunk, an old hair mattress, one grey blanket and a filthy wooden bucket.
  High above the bunk the cool night air entered freely through a thickly cobwebbed
  iron grating.  
"Now Earth girl, if you would please remove your clothing," grinned the evil
  old crone. Claire was shocked by the request but as the dungeon mistress raised
  her whip she reluctantly began to comply. She was down to her grey regulation
  underwear when she posed a question.  
"What has happened to my friend?" she asked, "&hellip;AGHHHHHH!" then yelled
  in pain as the whip sliced across her bare thigh.  
"Never mind your rebel friend you little whore!" the crone yelled, "STRIP,
  NOW!" The old woman's hand flashed forward and tore off her bra. "Oh my dear!,
  so pretty!" she leered, her eyes roving hungrily over the full and voluptuous
  chest. The girl recoiled in horror as the old woman cupped her breast and squeezed
  it cruelly.  
"STOP! &hellip;PLEASE DON'T DO THAT!" said Claire, recoiling in horror and
  disgust.  
"No indeed Earth Girl," the crone sighed. "You are lucky that my mistress
  holds you in such 'favour'." Then she turned to leave. "No girl, you shall
  be permitted some rest tonight. But now I have an old friend to visit and talk
  of bygone days."  
The young Amazon warrior lay in her cell unaware of her impending visitor.
  She drank deeply from the jug that had been left on the floor. The ruby liquid
  was putrid, but better than nothing after their long journey. Then she looked
  at the wine and wondered. Somewhere deep in her memory something was trying
  to tell her that all was not right. She turned quickly as the key grated in
  the ancient lock and the door slowly creaked open.  
"VALDA!" Astra spat in disgust. "I should have detected your foul stench
  when I entered this hell hole."  
"Greetings Huscarle," glared the crone. "I'm glad you remember me. Your dear
  old friend has come to see that you are comfortable. You have noticed that
  I have been so kind and provided you with a proper bed. I'm hoping I can use
  it to make you feel more at home." Astra sprang up with horror from the mattress
  as she realized what the old woman meant.  
"GET AWAY FROM ME YOU STINKING MARSH WORM"  
"My my, yes, weren't they also the cries of many a pretty young rebel sister
  all those moons ago," the crone smiled as two guards entered and closed the
  door behind them.  
"I WILL BREAK YOUR NECK IF YOU DARE TO TOUCH ME!" Astra screamed, standing
  defensively with her back to the wall. Then she stumbled as her vision blurred
  and her legs began to feel strangely numb.  
"Oh I think not, 'noble warrior'," the crone laughed. "This time I have taken
  the precaution of making us a little more even. Did you not enjoy the fine
  wine I generously provided?...Ha Ha, perhaps not. Maybe your memory of this
  place is not what it was after all."  
Astra realized that she had been drugged and tried to make for the door.
  Then she collapsed, her arms wildly striking out at the guards as they dragged
  her up onto the filthy bed and began to remove her clothing. When she was naked
  the guards bound her wrists and ankles to the iron bed frame and the evil crone
  bent down and glared with hatred into the young Amazon's flashing eyes.  
"Look at me Huscarle," she sneered, fingering the wicked purple scar that
  crossed and disfigured her face. "Do you not remember this kindness that you
  bestowed on your loyal slave?" Astra turned her head away in disgust, but the
  crone seized her hair and savagely twisted her back to face her. Then she bent
  to kiss her hard on the lips, the girl gagged, choked by the foul stinking
  breath. Astra bit the crone's slimy tongue then yelled in pain as a gnarled
  talloned claw struck her cheek. Then she yelled again as she felt the hand
  squeeze her breast and the mouth bite her nipple.  
"You are such a beautiful creature Astra. But you never held love in your
  heart for your faithful Valda. Well now my Amazon sister&hellip;" she said
  rising from the bed and removing her clothing, "we will make the love that
  you so cruelly kept from me." Astra struggled fiercely against her bindings
  as the disgusting naked creature crawled between her magnificent thighs and
  settled her body down. She wailed as the wet slobbering mouth lapped at the
  soft tanned marble skin of her neck, sucking at the velvet softness then licking
  down to her heaving chest to suckle with great relish at her dark green nipples.
  Astra's screams carried up through the grating to echo around the high stone
  walls of the courtyard, rising higher and higher until they drifted through
  the open window of the bed chamber.  
"What was that?" Freya asked. Raising her head from Helga's breast she listened
  intently to the scream.  
"Hush my dear," the priestess whispered, firmly cupping the eighteen year
  old's head and return her mouth to her swollen nipple. "It is only a patrol
  returning with some rebel prisoners. But you are here tonight to please me,
  and I to please you. Is that not what you desired as the reward for your tribe's
  betrayal?"  
"Oh yes mistress!" smiled the girl eagerly up into the priestess's dark green
  eyes. "And also the station you promised me in the imperial court."  
"Yes, yes of course my dear&hellip; Meanwhile, is it not so much better here
  with me tonight than living in that filthy little village?" Helga cooed, stroking
  back the soft fringe of her young lover's golden hair, then bending down she
  tenderly kissed the top of her head. Freya happily closed her eyes and opening
  her lips she sucked once more at the engorged nipple.  
Helga was high priestess of the northern tribes. Standing at six foot ten
  with a powerful muscular body, she presented a warrior vision of terror to
  the women of the Amazon nation. Utterly ruthless in her conquests for power
  and glory she had for many of her fifty terrible years kept the people of the
  northern lands firmly crushed beneath her boot. Many would agree that she was
  still very beautiful, as if they would 'dare' to say otherwise. Wearing only
  a brief loin cloth and long heeled boots, and the long ebony cloak trimmed
  with ermine and gold that billowed in the wind, she stalked her personal kingdom.
  All but those in her special favour would tremble at first sight of the figure
  with the long raven hair that swept majestically behind her; an unforgettable
  vision of tyranny that haunted the dreams of those who dared to oppose her
  will.  
Claire lay petrified and unable to sleep. For an hour she had heard Astra's
  wailing in the next cell. The old crone spat a stream of obscenities as she
  abused the young warrior. Then came the terrible thwack, thwack of a heavy
  whip. "YOU WILL LEARN TO BE MORE COOPERATIVE YOU DIRTY REBEL WHORE! &hellip;NOW
  STAY STILL BITCH!....GUARDS, HOLD HER DOWN!". Claire trembled as she listened
  to the rhythmic creak of the rusty bed springs.  
In the early hours of dawn the shouts and screams died away leaving the Earth
  girl feeling icy cold inside and totally alone as she lay curled on the rough
  wooden bed.  
High up in the scented candlelit room the young peasant girl was squealing
  in exquisite pain as she struggled to keep a balance on her knees. The powerful
  hand that gripped her hair tightly in its fist pushed her face savagely downward
  into the pillow. With her wrists bound tightly behind her back, Freya was beginning
  to suffocate, but she barely noticed as the huge leather dildo pumped relentlessly
  into her hot dripping sex.  
The huge Amazon's feet gouged deep into the mattress and her powerful thigh
  muscles bulged and rippled as she ground her hips hard against the soft white
  buttocks beneath. The high priestess had worked the young maiden for several
  minutes and their naked bodies gleamed with hot rivulets of sweat that heavily
  stained the white silken sheets. Now the two rutting females grew close to
  their inevitable orgasm, and as Freya's gasps increased in their urgency the
  powerful Amazon grinned and pulled the greased plug from the sopping swollen
  pussy. Then as the girl writhed and uttered desperate pleas to her lover she
  suddenly froze as she felt her buttocks being prised apart.  
"And now young one&hellip;," the high priestess hissed, "you will experience
  the true reward of a 'traitor'," and drove the immense love toy brutally home.  
The girl's gasping breaths turned to heartrending screams of pain as the
  dildo plummeted deeply into her virgin rectum. Helga pushed her face down once
  more into the pillow, and as her mouth and nostrils filled and blocked with
  cool white silk, Freya fainted into a merciful oblivion. The mighty Amazon
  uttered a triumphal cry of bliss and brutally rode the peasant girl like a
  rag doll, her naked arms and legs senselessly flailing at the hot, humid and
  intimately perfumed night air.  
It was late in the morning when Claire and her battered and heavily bruised
  friend were taken to the great hall of pleading.  
"Greetings my dear Astra. I had hoped for a long time that you would return
  to my side."  
"Then you will wait for ever Helga. I will do nothing to help you and your
  kind. And is that the way you greet a Huscarle of the imperial line, having
  me whipped and abused by a mere jail serf?"  
"INGRID!&hellip;" the priestess called to her Huscarle, "Is this true? I
  will not have my guests treated so rudely. See to it that the crone is given
  fifty lashes."  
"WHAT! Can this be the same priestess who ordered the flaying alive of a
  whole town? Time was, when you would have made it a thousand strokes of the
  whip!"  
"Your memory serves you well noble warrior. Ingrid, make it one hundred lashes.
  The crone has served me well and will hopefully continue to do so."  
"Why are we here?" Claire asked, "and who are you?" she demanded.  
"My my! a feisty one for a change. I shall have much sport with you," Helga
  remarked with an evil smile. "I am Helga, high priestess of the fifty first
  dynasty, and you Earthling are at my private estate. You are here because you
  are a spy and were caught bringing star mines onto our planet&hellip;and I
  would like to know why?"  
"I will tell you nothing," Claire answered defiantly.  
"Alas, that is probably true, but you 'will' provide answers, though it will
  not be to me, for I shall ask Astra to question you most thoroughly." Astra
  stared at Helga with surprise. She must know, Astra thought to herself, that
  she would never agree to cooperate.  
"You evil bitch!" Claire replied. "You are mistaken! My good gentle friend
  can surely do nothing to persuade me to talk. She would not know of such wicked
  ways."  
"Gentle!...You did not tell her then sister!" asked the priestess looking
  enquiringly at the embarrassed warrior. "Mm, I see! &hellip;Well Earth girl,
  many moons ago Astra was not just my lover, but also my constant companion,
  my most willing helper in 'all' things."  
"So?! &hellip;I know her only to be kind and loving. She could not hurt me,
  nor could she harm anyone else!"  
"You do not understand you stupid girl! Astra was my chief interrogator!
  It was with her help that I brought about the collapse and failure of the great
  rebellion. In those dark times the land ran red from my suppression of the
  rebel sisters. Indeed, if it weren't for Astra's most gifted skills then our
  great empire would surely have fallen."  
"Yes," admitted the warrior shamefully, "it is true Claire, my dear friend." Then
  she turned back to face Helga. "Yes it is indeed true, but when you massacred
  all the sisters in those mountain villages, I could stomach no more of your
  evil. Now I am a leader of the rebels and I have turned my back on the empire's
  evil deeds. Priestess, I will NOT help you now&hellip;or ever!"  
"Very well then," the priestess replied, then reaching out her hand she removed
  a piece of cloth from the table beside her. "Astra my love, I think you know
  what these are." The young rebel stared in horror at the bowl of huge purple
  seed pods.  
"What is it Astra? What are those things?" Claire asked, and turned to see
  her companion trembling with fear.  
"Those, my dear Earth girl are Kraken pods" the priestess explained. "They
  are the unborn young of one of this planet's oldest native species. Alas they
  are not the friendliest of pets, would you not agree Astra?"  
"I&hellip;I&hellip;" the girl was lost for words. Then she looked Helga in
  the eye, her lips quivering and said "I still won't talk, and neither will
  Claire. And if you are so stupid as to feed us to that abomination then you
  will never learn anything."  
"Mm, yes, that is true my love. But now you will both come with me as I shall
  have the final word in resolving this matter." Helga arose from her throne
  and crossed the room to enter a long corridor. The guards seized the two young
  women who screamed abuse as they were dragged into the tunnel to follow the
  priestess. Astra thought she heard Claire whisper something and a name to the
  blonde Huscarle who looked very surprised and nodded grimly, then turned back.  
"What was that about?" Astra enquired as they were brutally shoved along
  the passage. "And how do you know Senator Arranor?"  
"I can't tell you," her friend whispered back, "Where is she taking us?" Claire
  asked nervously.  
"Don't worry dear friend." Astra replied with tears in her eyes. "Our ordeal
  will be over very soon," she added bravely.  
The party descended a long flight of very ancient stone stairs. After turning
  a few corners Claire saw a dim light up ahead. They found themselves standing
  on a stone balcony set into the wall of a huge cavern that was illuminated
  by flaming torches. Claire caught a glimpse of movement below her and looked
  down onto a writhing mass of putrid brown flesh. Astra knew this horror only
  too well and instinctively backed away in terror as a hundred stinking tendrils
  reached upward toward the smoky light.  
But something else had also caught Astra's eye. Over the pit hung a small
  cage in which she could see Freya, her naked and terrified younger sister.
  Then she saw all the faces, faces of people she knew so well. A throng of naked
  women from her home village were locked into the other larger cages that lined
  the cavern wall.  
"You will observe my dear Astra that I told you I would have the final word.
  Either you agree to interrogate the Earth girl&hellip; or your sister, and
  your family and friends will get to play with my little pet&hellip; Look down
  Astra&hellip;," she cried, pushing the young warrior so that she was forced
  to lean over the rail, "see how the Kraken's body throbs with it's scarlet
  hue. It is ripe with seed and needs somewhere warm and moist for it's children
  to hatch. And dear sweet Freya looks nice and warm, I know, I had the pleasure
  of her beautiful young body only last night."  
"ASTRA&hellip;ASTRA&hellip;PLEASE HELP ME!" the girl desperately called to
  her sister. There was a sudden loud hissing below and the tip of a long tentacle
  snaked up and fastened its sucker onto the base of the cage, making it swing
  wildly and the young girl to scream even louder.  
"What will happen to her if she falls?" Claire asked in horror.  
"This creature Earthling, is a Kraken. It has a particularly disgusting mode
  of reproduction. It excavates itself a hole in the forest then waits for an
  unsuspecting victim to fall into it's trap. Indeed, the empire has lost many
  sisters to this creature's insatiable appetite. Once in the trap the Kraken
  binds the humanoid then seeks an entrance to its body to implant a seed pod.
  Then it fertilizes the pod, which will then hatch. The new Kraken then feeds
  off its host, gradually devouring it from the inside out. The empire normally
  finds the creature most useful for the tidy disposal of the captured males
  that we use for our own breeding purposes."  
"The Kraken has acquired Freya's scent. See how it strains upward to lovingly
  embrace her. Perhaps soon she shall welcome the beast with open arms. What
  say you Astra my love?...will it be Claire or Freya and her tribe that will
  sing for me.?"  
Astra realized that she was defeated and reluctantly fell to her knees at
  the priestess's feet in total subjugation. The Amazon gave a triumphant smile
  and seizing the young warrior's hair she drew her loin cloth aside and pressed
  the rebel's mouth to her sex. Astra gagged and momentarily turned away in disgust,
  but then glancing up at the cage she turned back and began to lap hungrily
  at the Amazon's moist lips and clitoris, just as if she had never abandoned
  them. The only difference now was that she could no longer stomach the taste
  of such an evil love.  
"GUARDS," the priestess commanded, "take the Earth girl to the pit of sorrows.
  I'm afraid Earthling that you will not find our questioning pleasant, for this
  planet is the home to an ancient kingdom and we still retain some of our more
  traditional ways."  
Later that afternoon, high up in the priestess's bed chamber the handmaiden
  knelt nervously on the bed beside the naked entwined lovers. In one hand she
  held a short leather whip. With her other hand she waited for an opportunity
  to pour a little more scented oil onto the writhing bodies beneath her. She
  tipped the bottle into her hand and reached under the young warrior. Carefully
  she smoothed the warm liquid over her mistress's huge breasts and stomach,
  that then undulated with her mounting passion and slipped most pleasingly against
  the hot sweaty skin of the girl above.  
Astra gasped with pain as the powerful muscular thighs held her head tightly
  in their vice like grip. She grunted in disgust as further up the bed behind
  her Helga's long tongue probed at her sex. Leaning forward she closed her eyes
  and bent her head to lap at the priestess's bloated wet, sticky labia. Helga
  raked her razor sharp fingernails down the firm sweating back of her lover
  to encourage the young warrior to seek out her clit for special attention.
  Astra's nose and mouth burrowed deeper into the fleshy lips, her nostrils filling
  with the heady intense aroma of the female she hoped would never be her lover
  again.  
Gripping the immensely powerful buttocks with her hands, Astra licked hard
  at the huge purple love bud, then she squirmed as she felt Helga prize apart
  her buttocks and insert a roughened leather plug. She winced and murmured in
  pain as the rough intruder was twisted inside her, then she gasped as the Amazon
  found her clit, and drawing it into her mouth she began a rhythmic slurping
  suctioning of the highly sensitive purple button. Every once in a while the
  handmaiden would apply either more oil, or employ the short whip on Astra's
  raised buttocks when she felt her mistress's needs were lacking sufficient
  attention.  
Claire lay in the small dungeon carved out of the dark native rock. It had
  been hours since the guards had dragged her deep into the bowels of the castle
  and flung her into the cell. Deep in her mind there stirred a terrible feeling
  of doubt. What if she were wrong, she thought. Would this day end in triumph
  for her and her friend, or would they face doom together. In the meantime,
  she tried not to think of the terrifying ordeal ahead.  
Then she pricked up her ears as she heard approaching footsteps. The heavy
  door opened and the Kraal soldiers seized her by the arms and dragged her from
  the cell. They passed further down the narrow rock tunnel and through another
  heavy door. Claire found herself in a large and very ancient high round chamber
  with a vaulted ceiling, and set in the rock face just below it was another
  small balcony equipped with a large chair.  
Beneath the balcony the girl was horrified to see a tall square cage, for
  there inside lay the writhing hissing body of a much smaller Kraken. Claire
  was almost relieved when the guards moved her away to the center of the chamber
  and handcuffed her wrists to a long chain that hung from a pulley in the ceiling.
  Her attention fully occupied by the terrible creature, she barely struggled
  as the guard kicked her legs apart and attached her ankles to a pair of heavy
  steel rings in the floor. When the Earth girl was secured, one of the Kraals
  moved to the wall and pulled on the other end of the chain until Claire was
  stretched up and wide like a three pointed star.  
It was a very different Astra that entered the interrogation chamber. She
  was still naked, except that now she was attired in a very sparse gleaming
  black web of thin leather straps and knee length boots, the uniform of an Amazon
  interrogator. Claire saw the bitter hatred in her friend's eyes as she was
  remembering how she had just been forced to pleasure the wicked priestess.
  But Astra tried to hide her disgust and gave a weak smile to the young spy.
  She approached the hanging girl and spoke softly to her.  
"Please Claire, I beg you. Tell me what you were planning to do with the
  explosives, then there will be no further suffering."  
"Astra, you know I cannot. I am not afraid of pain. We have been trained
  well on our planet." The Amazon looked away. She knew that the girl had no
  idea of what lay in stall for her, nor of her fate yet to come.  
Then she shocked the Earth girl by suddenly turning and kissing her on the
  lips. Claire was stunned for a moment and tried to pull away but the Amazon
  kissed her harder and then pushed her tongue between the soft green lips and
  plunged it deep into her mouth. Astra quickly moved in closer and pressed her
  body against her friend, her hands stroking the soft downy skin of her flanks
  then moving around her to glide up and down her naked back.  
The Earth girl was squealing now and struggling against her bondage. She
  had expected some kind of torture, but not this. Astra pressed her groin hard
  against the girl's own unprotected virgin mound. Lowering her hands she squeezed
  the soft buttocks then pulled them toward her, slowly grinding her moistening
  pubes firmly into the virgin's mount.  
Claire could only feel disgust. This wasn't the male lover she had so desperately
  craved for, this was Astra, her dear friend. But as the beautiful female caressed
  her soft sweating skin she felt a strange new feeling well up inside her and
  it begin to grow and blossom. She tried desperately to hide this from the young
  warrior.  
Astra's eyes closed in bliss as the top of her thigh felt the first trickle
  of her lover's arousal. Breaking the kiss she dipped down to kiss the softness
  of the girl's neck. Up the silky slope she lapped with her lounge, then down,
  then up again to pause and nibble at the delicate ear lobe. Claire gasped now
  with pleasure, and taking the hint the warrior softly kissed down her neck
  once more then on down to the soft twin heaving globes of her chest. Kneading
  the girl's buttocks, Astra continued to undulate her hips then pursed her lips
  and blew hotly across the small sensitive nipples. A thrill raced up the girl's
  spine and she half closed her eyes as she bent her head to view the source
  of this wonderful new sensation.  
The Amazon's tongue lapped gently at the soft teat, teasing it, then letting
  her lips alight like a butterfly on the throbbing bud that slowly engorged
  with nectar. She kissed it briefly before looking up into the sleepy doe eyes,
  then parted her lips and nipped the baby soft tip with her sharp teeth. Claire
  squealed and her body tensed, she tugged hard on the chains as the lips closed
  once more to draw the nipple deep within.  
Claire panted and her nipples grew larger as the young warrior avidly suckled.
  Astra smoothed her palm down the girl's flat toned stomach, then followed on
  with her mouth, kissing downward, gaining little gasps of welcome as her tongue
  sought out any sensitive areas beneath the soft skin. The Amazon dropped to
  her knees before her captive prey, her hot breath searing Claire's trembling
  body as her lips mouthed the inner planes of the silky damp thighs. The girl
  moaned and instinctively pushed out her hips, and then it came, the touch of
  the velvet tongue on her soft Venus mound. Astra breathed deeply her lover's
  perfumed, intimate scent.  
A few tiny droplets, perhaps more, alighted on the tip of her nose and flushed
  cheeks as the young Amazon sighed and entered within the delicate petal folds.
  At once she set her tongue to more serious work, probing, exploring, dipping
  inward and upward, her taste buds savoring the sweetly perfumed nectar of love.
  Gently, she tickled the tiny pearl of flesh before wetting her lips and drawing
  it in. A simple fold of skin now hid this act of rapture from an uncaring and
  wicked world as the little nub tingled and grew, revealing it's passion to
  its attentive worshipper.  
Then leaving the young spy gasping for release, the Amazon rose to her feet,
  kissed the girl's lips once more and walked over to a bench. Claire was by
  now almost insane with pleasure. She tried to twist her head around and call
  to her lover, begging her not to leave her like this. Then she felt the chains
  that held her wrists move and her body started to tilt forward until she was
  bent at the waist. The warrior returned to her view. Claire gasped with surprise
  and shock as she gazed down at the huge member that had sprouted from her lover's
  groin. The long length of black leather gleamed with oil in the torchlight,
  and then in an instant that seemed to Claire an eternity she had crossed the
  few stones to stand once more between the girl's widespread thighs, but this
  time it was behind her.  
The Earth girl gasped as the firm, slippery head probed the entrance to her
  pussy. Astra fed the dildo gently forward until it could move no further and
  Claire gasped with a tiny twinge of pain. The girl patiently hung there a moment
  staring at the wall. Then Astra reached around her and plucked briefly at the
  swollen nipples then attached two shiny steel clips that bore tiny razor sharp
  teeth. Claire screamed with pain and instinctively pulled back, and the warrior
  took this opportunity to drive the dildo deep into her belly. The Amazon gripped
  her slender waist then began to rock gently back and forth on her feet. Claire
  marveled at the wonderful rippling sensation that spread through her body.
  She gasped as her nipples also moved, tugged firmly downward by the array of
  little gold weights that hung from the clips on tiny chains.  
Astra ran her hand up and down the girl's smooth sweat streaked back, loving
  the intimacy of this act of female union as her hips gyrated faster and faster.
  Claire could hear the soft slup slup of moist skin as her body futilely attempted
  to grip and retain the greased invader. She heard the sharp wet slap of the
  Amazon's thighs against her buttocks as they jarred her body forward inducing
  the nipple weights to dance in the air and send electric shocks of pain to
  assault her fevered brain.  
"YES&hellip;YES!...FUCK ME ASTRA&hellip;DEEPER&hellip;HARDER!" Claire called
  out loud.  
"STOP&hellip;STOP THAT AT ONCE!" came Helga's angry scream from above.  
"YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO RAPE THE VIRGIN EARTH BITCH, NOT MAKE LOVE TO HER!"  
Claire wailed in desperation as Astra pulled out the dildo.  
"OH GOD ASTRA, YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME LIKE THIS!...PLEASE!" but her lover looked
  fearfully up at her angry mistress. She knew that she had failed her as the
  priestess sat back on her chair and glared down at them.  
"Can this truly be the same Huscarle who once painted these walls red with
  the blood of so many rebels. I think not&hellip;" she laughingly mocked, "you
  have grown too soft Astra."  
"What would my lady have me do then? I had no idea the Earth bitch would
  act in this way."  
"Maybe&hellip;and maybe not. Perhaps you have slept with her already."  
"NO my lady! But I can still try to&hellip;"  
"Silence," the priestess spat, "you will apply some of your old methods to
  this female. I need answers from her now, and you will provide them&hellip;unless
  you wish us to return to the Kraken's chamber."  
"I &hellip;I will try your ladyship. But I shall need more time to&hellip;"  
"YOU NEED MORE TIME?" Helga screamed. "Well then, I will provide you with
  a little incentive to help you make better use of my precious time. Guards,
  bring the girl forward." There was a scream then Astra froze as she looked
  up and saw Freya being pushed toward the open edge of the balcony. She struggled
  feebly as the guards holding her wrists begin lowering her into the top of
  the Kraken's cage.  
"A little encouragement for you interrogator. The Kraken is only an adolescent,
  not yet fertile, but it still has the instinct to mate, which your dear little
  sister might find rather uncomfortable. So I suggest my dear that the longer
  it takes you to get the Earth girl to talk, then the longer young Freya will
  suffer. It is up to you &hellip;Guards, release the girl."  
Freya screamed as the Kraals let go of her and dropped her to the ground.
  Though dazed she attempted to get up but a tentacle lashed out and seized her
  ankle. The girl screamed again and whimpered as she desperately tried to kick
  the disgusting thing away. Twisting her naked torso Freya rose to her hands
  and knees and scrambled across the floor reaching out to the bars. Then she
  screamed again in horror as her fingers slipped from the stinking slime coated
  steel.  
Another tentacle lashed out and wrapped around her other ankle, both now
  pulling the girl back across the ground to the waiting beast. Two more tentacles
  twined around her arms then they combined their efforts to lift her into the
  air, bending her body back like a bow and spreading her limbs wide apart. The
  creature's body then quivered and split down the middle. It opened up to reveal
  a mass of writhing probes, each tipped with a tiny clawed mouth that gaped
  open and closed. The probes reached up and latched onto Freya's body and began
  to creep and crawl across the soft green flesh, exploring, seeking openings
  to enter and other places to suckle in order to arouse the humanoid for impregnation.  
Astra could only stand and stare at her sister in horror as she witnessed
  her impending rape. Her brain was registering Freya's pitiful calls for help
  but she could do nothing. Even if she could force open the door, she knew that
  a rescue was impossible without a weapon or stun gun.  
Freya screamed and babbled futile pleas as a mouth found her breast and closed
  over her nipple. Immediately two rows of tiny teeth dug into the soft flesh
  and the air was drawn out of the brown bud, tugging the teat deeply into it's
  throat. The creature seemed to instinctively know that it was missing something
  as another probe snaked up the girl's heavily sweating belly and found her
  other breast. Freya's eyes bulged with terror as a thick stubby growth snaked
  around and around her thigh then firmly nosed its way into a gap it found between
  twin folds of soft skin.  
As Astra was forced to witness the plant creature's ravishment of her sister
  she felt so totally helpless. Then she turned back to Claire, a look of anger
  and grim purpose in her eyes. Ejecting all trace of pity from her mind she
  crossed quickly to the wall and selected a long heavy black whip. The Earth
  girl's eyes now darted to and fro in terror. She desperately twisted her head
  around to seek out her friend, then saw stars as her naked back exploded in
  pain. Claire screamed long and loud. Astra glanced at her writhing tormented
  sibling then her arm rose again and again and the cavern echoed to the song
  of intense agony. On the balcony high above the priestess groaned with her
  rising heat as she lay back in her chair, her fingers busily rubbing her clit.  
Time after time the whip sliced deep into the tender young flesh releasing
  a mist of scarlet droplets into the hot rising subterranean air. The Huscarle
  stalked around her prey permitting the razor sharp leather to seek out the
  most sensitive areas of skin and tense firm muscle. Angry welts merged into
  a fine purple web across and around Claire's back, buttocks and firm outer
  thighs.  
"TALK, YOU EARTH SLUT!" Astra screamed at her. "SAVE YOURSELF AND THE OTHERS."  
"FUCK YOU, YOU EVIL CREATURE. YOU ARE NO BETTER THAN SHE IS&hellip;AGHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  
The tip of the whip curled around her waist and licked at the soft sensitive
  under skin of her heaving breast. Astra moved quickly to the side and drawing
  her arm far back she grunted loudly and sent a coiled spring of terrible pain
  to bite savagely at the girl's sensitive nipples. Claire briefly lost consciousness
  at first as a total numbness then a raging fire burned in her chest.  
Urged on by the priestess, Astra moved to face the young spy and most skillfully
  sent forth a series of stinging blows that scorched her tender inner thighs.
  Claire's naked body twisted and danced to the fiery tune of the whip which
  sprayed the air with her hot sweat.  
Freya's screams now reflected a new desperation as the probes deep within
  her body sought the seed pods that had not, and could not be implanted. Nevertheless,
  the creature instinctively began to discharge a foul sticky fluid intended
  for their fertilization, and though not finding any pods, the beast's instinct
  was to keep searching, and by so doing increase the unwilling sexual arousal
  of the host. The arousal of the humanoid was vital to the reproduction process,
  as otherwise the natural defenses of the girl's immune system would destroy
  the alien sperms.  
"INTERROGATOR," Helga called to Astra, "You know what I want to hear now.
  I wish to smell the sweet aroma of our guest as she writhes for me in her torment."  
Tears welled up into her eyes as the young warrior threw aside the whip and
  crossed to a smoldering furnace. She could barely see clearly as her hand hovered
  over the instruments that protruded from the glowing coals. Freya screamed
  as the Kraken began to force an opening in her cervix. Astra quickly picked
  out a glowing iron and returned to her friend, then touching the tip to her
  slender neck she slowly drew it down her back trying desperately to close her
  mind to the terrible screams of her friend.  
The priestess breathed deeply and shuddered, her fingers working her clit
  while her other hand tugged at her nipple. It only aroused her further as a
  fresh iron was applied to the screeching writhing figure below.  
"TALK DAMN YOU!..." Astra cried as the Earth girl's eyes rolled in their
  sockets and she began to shake uncontrollably and dribble like a maniac. "Claire,
  pleeeease&hellip;" Astra pleaded. "Don't make me do this!" she sobbed.  
"Damn you&hellip;Astra!...damn you!" the girl whispered weakly as she hung
  from her chains, her body an open raw wound that dripped scarlet to mingle
  with the heavy stream of sweat that ran down her legs to the floor. Freya screamed
  for longer intervals now as the tiny razor teeth of the probe dug into her
  vagina walls and then held fast as the creature pumped more corrosive fluid
  into her body. The two outer tentacles sucked harder on her breasts, the tiny
  mouths pulling and tugging at her raw bloated nipples.  
Astra stumbled across to the furnace and removed a pair of glowing tongs.
  Then she hurried back to the girl and closed the bright orange tips over her&hellip;.  
Claire could never have imagined such pain. It broke her will completely.  
"I'll&hellip;I'll... tell you,&hellip;.but pleeeeeeeease, no more!" she sobbed.  
"TELL ME GIRL," Helga screamed, "WHY DID YOU COME HERE?"  
"I&hellip;I&hellip;came to this planet to kill you, you evil bitch!" she
  cried. "My planet has been holding secret negotiations with your empress for
  peace in this quadrant."  
"LIES!" Helga screamed and laughed. "THEY WOULD HAVE TOLD ME SUCH A THING!...speak
  girl, tell me that you came here to murder the empress, and I will let you
  go."  
"It is not a lie!" protested Claire. "The Federation has heard of your evil
  reputation and it was a condition of peace that you should perish. Your empress
  requested our help as it would have been an embarrassment for the imperial
  court to be involved in your disappearance."  
"Claire!" Astra exclaimed with shock. "You knew this would happen to you!...what
  I would do to you! &hellip;but why allow yourself to suffer?...I don't understand!"  
"She was buying time for me to contact the empress," said a voice from behind
  the priestess. Helga turned quickly around to see her Huscarle Ingrid standing
  with a group of heavily armed imperial infantry.  
"WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS?" Helga screamed.  
"I notified Senator Arranor of the high council that you had captured the
  spy. The empress has been persuaded by her councilors to intervene," Ingrid
  replied. "There are many at court who would now like to see peace with Earth
  at any price&hellip;and you 'mistress' are the price they are prepared to pay.
  I have come to carry out the council's orders. Guards, free all the prisoners
  and take the priestess to the great cavern. She has only one friend now who
  will willingly caress her."  
"YOU CAN'T DO THIS!" the Amazon screamed as the soldiers seized her and dragged
  her away to the Kraken's lair and a most hideous fate.  
A week later Claire's wounds had healed with the aid of the Amazon's very
  ancient and powerful remedies, and she lay back now on the bed in her new lover's
  arms. Astra looked so sad as she was still feeling so ashamed, not just because
  of her abuse of her friend, but also for discovering that her sister Freya
  had been the traitor. Thanks to the intervention of the new peace treaty, Freya
  was not to face the Kraken, for the Amazons had been forced by the Federation
  to have it destroyed. Freya was forever banished to a slave mining planet inhabited
  mostly by rough males, desperate for a mate who wouldn't choose to execute
  them afterwards.  
Claire bestowed a gentle kiss on Astra's cheek.  
"And now my love, I hope that you still have that wonderful toy. Oh!...and
  I think I would love to try those little clips again, too!"  
High up in the candle scented imperial bedchamber, the handmaid knelt by
  the side of the entwined lovers. Lovingly and willingly this time, she poured
  the perfumed oil once more into her hand and smoothed it over the heaving breasts
  and belly of her new mistress. The young Amazon warrior gazed deeply into the
  Earth girl's fluttering eyes as she continued to undulated her hips, stroking
  the hard leather smoothly back and forth. She plucked at the swollen twin buds
  with her lips then hooked her arm under her lover's slippery thigh, and quickly
  turned her body. Claire gasped as she felt the fullness return within once
  more. Kneeling in her own total subjugation, she clawed passionately at the
  cool white silk as the Amazon drove deep into her belly; and the glittering
  array of tiny gold weights danced her nipples and her soul into paradise.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cordoza


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





