BDSM Library - Captivating Lucinda




Captivating Lucinda
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man tries to make real his young lover's fantasies but she is too inexperienced to guide him. His frustration warps him.Captivating Lucinda   
They must have driven somewhere between fifty to a hundred miles without
  a bend in the road or a change in the landscape. Now it was dark and his vision
  was restricted to what the car's headlights illuminated and the fault line
  between the black earth and the dark blue sky. Clouds were billowing up as
  far as he could tell, blacking out the bright pinpoints of light that not long
  before coated the sky like rhinestones. The monotonous scrub landscape continued.
  It was an alien landscape to him and he was now resigned to it remaining that
  way. A little over a month ago he found this same landscape beautiful in its
  desolation. He briefly looked at Lucinda out of the corner of his eye. She
  was expressionless as she stared into the distance. At one point he thought
  he had got beneath the surface of her countenance but now accepted all he knew
  about her was the same hard outer shell that everyone knew as Lucinda. He dismissed
  his thoughts, for one thing he had learnt this past month was that he didn't
  even know himself so how could he know her? Whether it was Lucinda's eruptions
  of instability that prompted his erratic behaviour or whether it was the other
  way round he could not say. He went to light a cigarette.  
 'Please don't' Said Lucinda flatly.  
He sighed, replaced the cigarette lighter and threw the cigarette onto the
  dashboard. It's a long road between love and hate he thought and they had travelled
  it at record speed. He settled back in the seat and rubbed each aching shoulder
  in turn. In the distance an explosion flashed, forked lightening ripped the
  fabric of the sky. A tremor shuddered through the breathless air, slowly increasing
  in volume before erupting into a great timpanic crescendo.  
Ten seconds' She blandly stated, referring to the time between the lightening
  and thunder.  
Even this he found irritating. She had a way of being moody that got right
  up his nose. How could he have ever found it amusing? In a series of intervals
  lightening streaked the sky followed by violent quakes of thunder. Great globules
  of rain splattered the windshield like exploding balls of sputum. Within the
  minute floods of water were flowing down the windshield almost overwhelming
  the efficiency of the wipers. Max squinted and pressed his nose against the
  screen as the quantity of rain impaired his vision. He ploughed on, aware he
  could lose sight of the road at any moment.  
'Slow down. You're driving like an asshole.' Remarked Lucinda. Aware should
  she emphasise her concern too strongly she would only urge him on to greater
  speed.  
Max carried on regardless but kept at a steady speed. He had no intention
  of losing control of the car and ending up off the road and so prove her right.
  They ploughed on into the storm. His nerves were alight as he drove on the
  edge of his skills. He felt like his whole body was glowing and was being charged
  up by the electric in the air.  
 'Take your clothes off.' He said out of nowhere.  
 'What?!' She looked at him with a screwed up face 'You must be mad'  
 'I said. Take your clothes off.' Trying hard not to lose his temper.  
 'No.' She said as she returned to staring blankly at the windshield.  
 'TAKE YOUR DAMN CLOTHES OFF!' He screamed.  
Lucinda jolted as though a bolt of lightening had just passed through her.
  She sat and waited for her heartbeat to return to a more normal rate. Uncertain
  of his intentions she considered the possibilities before obeying. She pulled
  her tank top over her head and she then shuffled out of her shorts, remaining
  in her underwear.  
'All of them!' He emphasised through gritted teeth.  
Looking at him suspiciously she slipped her arms out of her bra straps, pulling
  the bra down and releasing her breasts, then turning the bra round her torso
  she unhooked the bra and pulled it free. He turned and burnt a stare into her
  eyes as if to say she had not yet finished. She pressed her back against the
  back of the seat and lifted her ass and rolled her panties off over her thighs.
  Settling back in the seat she lifted her knees and slipped the offending garment
  off altogether, letting them drop to the floor.  
 'Happy now?' She said as she raised her eyebrows.  
 'No.' He said simply and careened the car to the side of the road before
  hitting the brakes. 'Now get the fuck out!'  
 'You're crazy!' She exclaimed. Refusing to believe he meant his command.  
 'Out!' He leant over her and opened the car door 'Out! Get out!'  
 'Nooo!' She protested.  
 'Out out out!' He said as he pushed her out of the car. Lucinda unable to
  fight his strength, rolled off the seat and out of the car, landing on her
  feet, only to feel them sink into the wet earth.  
 'Stop it Max. Let me back in.' She cried 'Please.' Hoping this was some
  sort of joke.  
 'I want you at least ten yards from the car.' He insisted as he pointed
  into the night. 'Ten yards!' He emphasised.  
Lucinda retreated from the car, on the edge of panic should he drive off
  and leave her there. For the moment she thought the best thing would be to
  obey him. Once she was as far from the car as Max had ordered she turned and
  looked back forlornly in the pouring rain. Max studied her as she was lit up
  by the lightening. She was small and fine boned which gave her a vulnerable
  look that was now emphasised as she stood with one arm across her breasts and
  a hand over her crotch. Her bobbed hair was quickly plastered to her skull
  in the driving rain. When the lightening lit up the landscape he could see
  her flinch. Her big mournful eyes pleading with him. She looked like a waif,
  it always was her way at getting round him, he was too sentimental but not
  this time he thought. Lucinda remained exposed to the lashing of the torrential
  rain and terrorised by the celestial eruptions that threatened to tear the
  earth apart and her with it. She had stopped trying to protect her modesty
  and wrapped her arms around herself as she hunched her back to reduce her vulnerability
  but remained standing so not to disobey Max, who observed her from the car.
  Her eyes were wide and full of fear. Max loved those big eyes and would always
  love those big eyes, long after all vestiges of feeling for her had been expunged
  from his mind.  
 'LET ME BACK IN THE CAR!' She screamed through the roar of the storm as
  her nerve began to fail her. Max looked back passively, not so much ignoring
  her as revelling as she teetered on the edge of panic. The sky fractured and
  blistered letting out a great CRACK and a blinding FLASH immediately above,
  prompting Lucinda to bolt for the car. He waited until she was just about to
  dive into the car before pulling the door shut on her. 'Let me in! Let me in!'
  She cried as she hammered on the window.  
 He opened the window slightly to make sure she could hear him 'Not before
  you go back and stand where I told you to stand.' He said firmly.  
She turned with a look of defeat and quickly trotted back to where she had
  been standing. Was her spirit broken or was this her doggedness to do she was
  instructed? He wasn't sure if it was this lack of certainty that left him indecisive
  as to whether he should bring the scene to an end or to continue. There was
  a certain piquancy and delight in his wickedness that made him decide to continue
  her torture. Whether love or hate, there was a necessary cruelty that had to
  be meted out on the person who consumed ones passions, he concluded. The more
  he could enhance her fragility the more he wanted to consume her. He put his
  feet up on the passenger seat and looked through the open door at the forlorn
  figure that was shivering in the pelting rain. There were times when he could
  just lose himself while he studied her as all sorts of erotic and sadistic
  thoughts drifted through his head. One moment his hand is stealthily sliding
  up between her thighs while his tongue fights with hers, the next moment he
  is pushing her face into the sodden earth as he attacks her from behind. There
  was no way to control the flood of images that flashed up in his head as Lucinda
  was left abandoned to the elements. She was kneeling at his feet begging him
  to thrust his erection in her mouth when the spell was broken.  
'LET ME IN THE CAR!' She yelled through the rain that was now easing somewhat
  'PLEEEASE!'  
Max suddenly became bored and waved Lucinda back to the car before having
  second thoughts 'ON YOUR KNEES!' He shouted at her as he changed hand signals
  to motion her down on the floor.  
She halted for a moment and gave him a look of defiance before seeming to
  give a mental shrug as if to say, anything to get back to the car. Easing herself
  down onto all fours she splashed her way through the pools of mud that had
  formed. He enjoyed watching her breasts gently wobble from side to side as
  she crawled back to the car like a crippled beggar. Just as she was about to
  pick herself up to get in the car, he shut the passenger door and opened the
  rear door.  
'Get in the back.' Reaching over into the back seat he spread a couple of
  towels around and pulled a blanket that was there over onto the front seat
  'Dry yourself off then warm yourself in this.' He said holding up the blanket.
  Climbing with some effort into the car she flopped onto the back seat before
  curling up and wrapping the towels around herself. She attempted a few pathetic
  wipes of the towel.  
'I'm just spreading shit over myself.' She struggled to articulate through
  chattering teeth before pulling the blanket out of Max's hands. 'You can be
  a sadistic bastard at times, Max.' She lamented.  
'You're the one that likes extreme games!' He said defensively.  
'I like games that arouse me and end in wild sex.' She said giving up on
  him. He noted she said, &quot;sex&quot; as opposed to &quot;love making&quot; and
  wondered if this was a shift in how she saw their relationship. Relationship,
  he repeated in his head. She was always talking about damn relationships at
  one point. Slipping back into position in the driver's seat he started the
  engine and pulled away.  
'Get some rest while you're back there.' He said trying to bring any discussion
  to a close before it started.  
It all started out so well but don't all relationships? There was that word
  again, relationship. He was just sating his lust and while she wanted a relationship.
  Hell! He had just liberated her from one relationship. She dropped out of university
  against her parent's will to shack up with a loser. No doubt she was happy
  for a week or two while her loser lover had the will and the energy to make
  sure she went to sleep with a smile on her face. After that she was too proud
  to admit she had made the dumbest move she was ever likely to make and took
  a job serving tables, to spare herself the humiliation of admitting to herself
  her parents were right. Then he turned up at the rundown diner with his talk
  of going to Hollywood with a script. If he had bathed in a tub of pheromones
  he could not have got a more aroused response, she was instantly on heat. He
  was not only someone whose horizons went beyond the town limits but he had
  arrived with a dream too. Since then they had been avoiding arriving and just
  kept driving around fucking each other's brains out, living on the money he
  had saved to keep him going while he set up in Hollywood.  
 Dawn broke on the tail of the storm. Time had drifted by with the miles
  without making much of an impression on Max. He had been busy scouring the
  time he had spent with Lucinda. The fresh young woman who had attached herself
  to him had proved to have a wild side she had been intent on discovering with
  him. She had sucked him into her fantasies with her and with their collective
  lack of experience of such mind games had put tensions on the initial trust
  they had too quickly cultivated. Where he had been content with the wild abandon
  and explicit talk of newly infatuated lovers, she had soon confessed conventional
  carnal exploration bored her. &quot;Treat me like a nasty slut that needs controlling&quot; she
  had implored. Max had proved lost with this demand and she had been too inexperienced
  to guide him. They had pinballed each other unsatisfactorily from one experience
  to another, either creating such an erotic tension they hit a heady high or
  more often than not, they left each other feeling flat and empty.  
He glanced over into the back seat to see Lucinda still sleeping as they
  entered the town of Wellbeing, population six thousand seven hundred and twenty
  four. His initial impression was a town that seemed populated by old folk and
  the young who looked too retarded to cope with a world outside their restricted
  horizons. Maybe it was his metropolitan prejudice that painted such a picture.
  He drove down the main street and pulled up into a parking lot outside the
  hardware store. Checking the back seat again, Lucinda was still in Neverland.
  Tidying the car he left her where she was and made his way across the road
  to the diner where he sat at the rear in the shadows and ordered breakfast.
  From where he sat he could see the car and watch people looking into it as
  they passed along the sidewalk.  
'I'll have to try some of that coffee myself.' Said a voice.  
He looked round 'Huh?'  
'You've been sat there with a stoned grin on your face for the last five
  minutes.' Explained the waitress who had been serving him. He gave her a less
  vacant smile as if to say he was pleased with himself. She left him to his
  breakfast.  
An old man entered the diner 'The country is out of control if you ask me.'  
'Why?' Asked the cook behind the counter as though not to ask would only
  lengthen the old man's tales of woe.  
'Darn naked woman under a blanket in that car across the road.' Said the
  old man as though he was suitably shocked at such deplorable exhibitionism.  
'How do you know she's naked if she's under a blanket?' Came the bored reply.  
'You don't get to my age without seeing a thing or two.' Staking his claim
  as a font of worldly wisdom as he looked round at the car.  
Max spotted Lucinda's head pop up in the back of the car like it was on a
  spring. 'Jesus!' he chuckled to himself.  
'What are you laughing at son?' Said the old man raising his eyebrows, drawing
  Max to say what he's got to say. 'This town has standards!' Max put his hands
  up in surrender.  
'Yep. This town has standards.' Smiled the cook 'That's why everyone is leaving.'  
Max returned to observing Lucinda who was looking quite frantic in the car.
  He slowly finished his coffee and ordered a burger and coke to take out. Meanwhile
  Lucinda was pulling the blanket up round her shoulders while mouthing a curse.
  Aimed at him no doubt. He paid and took the burger and coke from the counter
  on his way out and made over to the car.  
'Jesus!' Came the greeting from Lucinda as he opened the car door 'Where
  the fuck have you been?'  
'Getting your breakfast.' He said handing her the bag. 'You were asleep and
  I thought it would be a shame to wake you.'  
'No you fuckin' didn't.' She accused 'You thought it would be a big laugh
  to leave me here naked in the middle of this god forsaken town!' Taking the
  burger out of the bag she took a bite 'Where the fuck are my clothes?'  
'In the trunk.' He said as he started the car. 'I tidied up in here. It was
  like a shit heap.'  
'My clothes are not shit. Now turn the engine off and get my clothes out
  of the trunk!' She said as she spat burger.  
Max ignored her 'The guy in the diner said there is a motel on the way out
  of town. We'll head for there.' Lucinda saw no point in arguing and carried
  on eating. Max looked in the rear view mirror. She was pissed but when wasn't
  she? He cruised down the main street scanning the road ahead.  
'Why did you do that?' She began again now her burger was finished.  
'What?' He said, only half listening as he spotted the motel that seemed
  far too large for the clientele it could attract on this dirt track of a highway.
  Pulling off the road he pulled in front of the office. Lucinda gave up once
  again and waited patiently for Max to return. This time she decided to protest
  in silence.  
'Okay what's eating you?' He asked feeling the ice in the air.  
'Oh nothing.' She said 'Just some fucking jerk took my clothes!'  
'Here we are.' He said, ignoring her again as he pulled up outside a room.
  He got out of the car and opened the door and went inside leaving Lucinda open
  mouthed in the car. She got out wrapped in the blanket and followed him into
  the room.  
'What about my clothes?' She asked, conscious she sounded like she was on
  a loop. Turning he gave her a &quot;shut up&quot; look, then pulled the blanket
  off her leaving her standing naked in the middle of the room.  
'You need a shower. I'm not fucking you covered in that shit.' He said referring
  to the dried mud from the storm.  
'You're not fucking me full stop!' She snarled.  
Satisfying herself she had impressed on Max that she was taking a shower
  for reasons of her own comfort, she then disappeared into the bathroom. When
  she reappeared in the room Max was stripped to his underpants and was pretending
  to be asleep on top of the bed. He listened to her cursing him about her having
  to remain naked because he had not yet unpacked the car. She perplexed Max
  with her demands for him to use her like he owned her and then demand for such
  ownership to be on her terms. At times he found the stewardship of her erotic
  fantasies too much and he just wanted to go back to straight forward &quot;wham
  bam thank you mam&quot; sex. How the hell was he to know what turned her on,
  whenever he made real one of her fantasies she would complain that such a literal
  translation was not enough. He had to use her fantasy like a musician uses
  a manuscript she would insist and play her like a violin, interpreting the
  abstract ideas on the page into reality with feeling. Why hadn't he taken a
  degree in &quot;female submissive erotic psychology&quot; rather than English
  literature? He felt Lucinda scramble beneath the bed covers and regretted he
  had remained on top, pretending to be asleep.  
By the time he had woke up the sun was high and the room was sauna hot. He
  felt as though he had a ball of damp cotton wool in his throat and yawned to
  rid himself of the feeling. Lucinda had kicked off the bed covers in an attempt
  to get cool but remained asleep. She was on her back with her arms outstretched
  and her legs slightly parted like she had been poleaxed and maybe she had!
  Max felt as though he had been in a deep sleep and one deep enough not to be
  woken by such an attack on her. Approaching her from the bottom of the bed
  he gingerly parted her legs a little more and eased his way up the bed between
  them until his nose was no more than a foot from her pudendum. Her labia was
  cute and protruded somewhat, surrounded by neatly trimmed hair. Small almost
  microscopic pearls of sweat had formed on her mound giving off a mellow scent
  of sex. He had the urge to take a bite of her or violently penetrate her with
  his fingers, watching them disappear up to his knuckles. There was something
  invitingly masochistic about the way she gasped when penetrated, as though
  she was willing him to ever more aggressive attacks on her. There was a desire
  in him to step back and watch her respond to being fanatically fucked, in a
  way he that required him to be an observer rather than a participant in the
  act.  
He took off his underpants and released his erection from their restraint.
  His initial thought was to ease his shaft deep into her cleft but on glancing
  at her face he noticed her mouth was slightly open. It was one of her fantasies
  to wake up to a penis being rammed down her throat and this thought had the
  reaction of hardening his already stiff cock. He straddled her across her chest,
  a movement that woke her. Just as her eyes opened he thrust his shaft into
  her mouth and thrust hard. Lucinda fought, flailing her legs and arms in an
  effort to break free. He carried on thrusting, ignoring her fight. Minutes
  seemed to pass rather than moments it really was, when Lucinda relaxed and
  sequenced her breathing to his pumping action. Her eyes sparkled with hungered
  arousal. It was at moments like this when Max had done the right thing at the
  right time, all the angst he experienced in his role as dominant seemed worth
  while. Buttressing himself against the headboard he carried on thrusting down
  into her mouth, ever more aroused by Lucinda who had begun to masturbate. He
  gasped as he made the last few forceful strokes as he ejaculated into her mouth.  
'There's your breakfast, slut.' He cursed, knowing she enjoyed dirty talk.
  He got off her and dressed as he watched her bring herself off.  
After she had savoured the spasm that had welled up between her legs she
  turned her attention to Max 'Where are you going?' She quizzed.  
'I'm going to get some condoms and finish you off!' he stressed.  
'What!?' She exclaimed incredulously 'You haven't got any?'  
'No.' He said, giving her a look that suggested he thought she'd understand
  'Just keep yourself aroused and I'll be back before you know I've been gone.'  
'I'm not a clock that can be wound up.' She tailed off, not knowing whether
  to believe what she was hearing or not.  
'I could always bust your ass. We don't need condoms for that.' Giving her
  an alternative choice.  
'Fuck off and get some condoms!' She bawled, throwing a lamp at him in frustration.
  He caught it and put it on the floor as he rushed out of the room.  
If the moon had a town it would be like Wellbeing, he thought. What amenities
  it had were basic, just the barest necessities to survive. He was looking for
  a drug store but he had either blinked and missed it or there wasn't one. Not
  believing that even a town like Wellbeing could not have a drug store, he turned
  as the town appeared to peter out at the opposite end of the main street to
  the motel. It was then he noticed Bernie's Bar. If he could miss a bar he could
  certainly miss a drug store he concluded. The invitation of a beer overwhelmed
  his sexual appetite that had been somewhat subdued. After a brief thought about
  Lucinda trapped naked in the motel room, he weighed up the consequences and
  pulled over to the bar. With a bit of luck there would be a vending machine
  in the john anyway.  
In the bar were two guys a little older than him that were drinking and whom
  he assumed was Bernie, serving behind the bar. The men looked too bright to
  come from Wellbeing so he assumed they were like him, passing through.  
He put up his finger signalling to Bernie 'A beer please Bernie.' He said,
  being somewhat familiar.  
'Joe to you.' Said the barman dryly 'Bernie died ten years ago.' Then adding
  with an air of resignation 'This bar has never made enough profit to change
  the sign.'  
Oops, thought Max 'Better make that a large beer then.' Joe gave him a sarcastic
  look that said he was eternally grateful, prompting Max to head straight to
  the bathroom. There as he had hoped, was a vending machine. First he relieved
  himself, where he took note of a series of grazes made by Lucinda's teeth along
  the length of his penis. Everything has its price, he thought with a philosophical
  note. He fiddled with his loose change and won two double packs of condoms
  out of the vending machine. Pleased with himself he returned to the bar where
  his beer was waiting. He emptied his pockets of a cell phone, cigarettes and
  the condoms so he could comfortably bend his thighs and hitch himself up onto
  a barstool.  
'I can see someone is in for some fun.' Said one of the guys down the bar.  
Max gave the guy a puzzling look before realising he had noted the condoms
  'Oh!' He smiled 'I had my fun this morning.' He admitted, feeling little allegiance
  to Lucinda.  
 'So you're out celebrating your conquest?' Asked the guy, as if testing
  whether Max's adventure could be shared over a beer or whether it was a more
  private and intimate affair.  
 'Well you know yourself, once you've dabbled its no fun hanging around to
  be compared.' Smiled Max, betraying Lucinda a little more. 'I'm having time
  out before going back to finish what I begun.' He said as if confessing to
  at least a little emotional investment.  
 'If you prefer a beer, me and Jeff will go and finish the job off.' Said
  the other guy. Then slapping his friends shoulder 'Hell! We'll have her coming
  so hard and fast it'll be next month before getting laid crosses her mind again.'  
 'Oh not with this one.' Said Max carelessly, as he drank beer on an empty
  stomach. The bar went quiet but an excitement stayed in the air as he sensed
  the two guys whiff the vague scent of a brief encounter. He thought how little
  over an hour ago as he contemplated Lucinda's lean body, he visualised her
  being taken by another man. The idea he found a turn on and Lucinda had confided
  in him that the idea of being taken by strange men was a hot fantasy. He became
  a little despondent The last couple of days he had made real a couple of her
  fantasies which didn't seem appreciated. However this morning's was, he smiled
  and ordered himself another beer. Any pangs of jealousy were anaesthetised
  by the alcohol. He threw a packet of condoms along the bar  
'She's at the motel on the way out of town, in room six.' They looked a handsome
  couple of guys as far as he could tell. Lucinda might really go a bundle on
  them, he thought.  
 'Are you serious?' Said the first guy as he studied Max.  
 'Sure!' Said Max with an air of bravado 'Let me know how you get on.'  
 The two guys looked at each other and laughed 'What's you're game man?'
  Said the second guy.  
 'Nothin'.' Max replied, now suddenly feeling a little resentful of Lucinda
  for being critical of his attempts to make real her fantasies 'Look. I've been
  organising making a few of her fantasies for her....yah know....she tells me
  what turns her on and I sort it......simple.'  
 The first guy nudged the second as he picked up the pack of condoms 'We've
  got to get going and we're going past the motel. Maybe we'll take up your offer.'
  He said thoughtfully, as the two guys paid their bill and left. Max was left
  alone with Joe, the barman. He ordered another beer.  
 'Don't you think that was just a little dumb?' Joe commented more than he
  asked as he placed a beer in front of Max.  
 'Why?' Asked Max who couldn't see any problem, largely because of the beer
  he had consumed.  
 'You've set those guys up for a rape charge.' Said Joe through pursed lips
  'Not to mention freaking out whoever the woman is back at the motel.'  
 'Oh. She's a regular nymphomaniac, she'll take all comers.' He lied, uncertain
  as to whether he was trying to convince himself of this fact or if he was fending
  off Joe's disturbing observations.  
 'I hope the hell you're right.' Commented Joe as he disappeared into a room
  at back of the bar, leaving Max to brood over his beer.  
 Max looked into his beer and found no reassurance there. Lucinda would love
  fighting with the erections of the two strangers, he tried to convince himself.
  He visualised a montage of images of her in a multitude of positions trying
  to reach for that extra stimulation to send her over the edge. She's a slave
  to sex he insisted as he heard her voice in his head demanding more and demanding
  it harder. However he was not so much convincing himself as stirring up jealousy
  that had started to twist his guts. He jumped thoughts, what if Joe was right?
  What if he had set up a disaster? Maybe the guys faced with a beautiful naked
  woman would lose control? Damn. He had encouraged the guys to think Lucinda
  would throw her legs in the air in an act of surrender but would she? Why would
  he want these guys to fuck her anyway? Why had he presumed it would be something
  what she really hungered for in reality? He got off his stool and lit a cigarette
  and walked up and down the bar. What the hell was he thinking of? Why doesn't
  he just go to the motel and rescue the situation? He looked at his watch as
  if time was significant in the matter. It would be too late, if anything were
  happening it would already be happening. The truth is that frantic as he was,
  he would have found it unmanly to prevent something that had been so clearly
  an invitation. Despite all the jealousy that was fermenting inside him it was
  this need to remain a man in front of his own gender that kept him paralysed.
  He lit another cigarette only this time he sat back on the stool and forced
  himself to wait.  
 Joe appeared out of the back 'No sirens yet.' He commented.  
 'And there won't be.' Said Max trying to keep panic at bay. He ordered another
  beer, not so much because he wanted one, he just needed a distraction.  
 'Will you be driving afterwards?' Asked Joe, more out of curiosity than
  any safety concern.  
 'Have you got a problem?' Squinted Max.  
 Joe put up his hands 'Nope. I make little enough in here.'  
Everything went silent again and Max returned to brooding. After consuming
  several more cigarettes and a beer in an effort to control his fretting, he
  was shocked out of his self pity by the sudden ring of his cell phone. He made
  a grab for the phone as though he was in competition with Joe to answer it.  
'Max here!' Anxiously announcing himself to the caller.  
'YOU ASSHOLE!' Blurted a voice 'YOU FUCKING MANIAC!' The voice carried on
  'YOU COULD HAVE GOT ME RAPED!'  
Max's initial reaction was to pull the phone away from his ear 'Lucinda!
  Are you okay? Where are you? What happened?' He said wanting as much information
  as quick as possible, to ease his guilt more than out of any real concern for
  Lucinda.  
'Oh I'm okay.' Came the reply with a sudden softening of tone before another
  blast 'BUT NO THANKS TO YOU JERK!'  
'Where are you? Tell me!' He asked urgently.  
'Would you believe me if I said I was on my way to Vegas with two of the
  nicest guys a girl could wish to meet in A FUCKING MOTEL ROOM!'  
'I'm coming to get you!' Promised Max.  
'I don't want you to.' She replied 'I'm in the middle of a good time, MUSCLE
  HEAD!'  
'ITS JUST A FUCKIN' FANTASY BITCH!' He screamed down the phone.  
'Hey if you want to use that language, outside!' Intervened Joe.  
'Like who the fuck am I upsetting.' Asked Max 'Your customers?' He added
  looking round the empty bar.  
'Adios Max.' Said the voice in the phone.  
'COME BACK HERE BITCH!' He screamed at the phone.  
'Oi Language!' Said Joe forcefully.  
'Haven't you got a dick to suck on?' Asked Max thrusting his finger at Joe
  as he left the bar, slamming the door behind himself.  
Within a moment Max banged his way back into the bar with his arm extended
  and pointing a gun at Joe the barman who looked up in surprise, unable to register
  what was happening.  
'HAND OVER THE MONEY FUCKER!' Screamed Max, frightening himself more than
  Joe.  
Joe put his hands up when reality clicked 'Com'on man. I've got little enough.'
  He protested.  
'ON THE FUCKIN' FLOOR!' Cried Max, poking the gun in Joe's face. 'I'LL GET
  THE FUCKIN' MONEY MYSELF!.  
 Joe looked into Max's eyes and realising how nervous Max was duly opened
  the till and got onto the floor. Max jumped over the bar keeping the gun pointing
  in the general direction of Joe and made a grab for the few dollars in the
  open till. Jeez! He thought. This place really is on the road to fucking ruin!
  He barely had more than his own money back and now he was on the most wanted
  list! Meeting Lucinda was like meeting the 'She Devil' he blamed. Within moments,
  Max was in the car with his foot pressed to the floor and the engine screaming.
  If his Ford could have done a wheelie down the main street it would have but
  it couldn't so he just screeched erratically away. After making several people
  scramble to the side of the road in fear of their life, he got to the edge
  of town to realise he was driving in the wrong direction. Immediately he put
  his foot on the brake and simultaneously made a U turn. Half way through the
  manoeuvre and almost sending the car into a spin, he remembered that such a
  turn required use of the handbrake. Almost pulling the handbrake out of the
  floor he ground the car to a halt in a cloud of dust, exhaust fumes and burning
  rubber as it straddled the main street. Unperturbed by his near disaster he
  started the engine again, screeching off in the opposite direction, leaving
  another group of people running for their lives. He was quickly leaving Wellbeing
  behind him as he sped down the highway with his foot to the floor and his nose
  to the windshield, willing the car to go faster. His pathetic robbery to regain
  his money for gas was quickly forgotten amongst all his other attempts to play
  the anti-hero for Lucinda and focused on the job in hand, the road. He had
  yet to consider what he would do once he had caught up with the car he was
  chasing.  
After tailgating several cars to study their occupants before overtaking
  them and leaving them behind with drivers trembling in his wake, he saw a vaguely
  familiar Oldsmobile cruising along in front of him. Within minutes he was nose
  to ass with the suspect car and recognised the back of Lucinda's head. He had
  driven up her rear end enough times, there was no way he could mistake someone
  else for her, he maliciously sniggered. It was then he realised this was more
  about him than her, which caused him to ease off the gas and consider things
  a little more. Why had he initiated this chase? Only twenty four hours ago
  he would have been happy for Lucinda to have left him. He gave up. How was
  he supposed to know the finer points that were driving him through a mist of
  jealousy, lust and alcohol? Pressing his foot on the gas he once again eased
  up behind the Oldsmobile before blasting it with his horn and flashing his
  lights at it. The car in front jerked erratically for a moment as Max stirred
  up a commotion. Three faces suddenly looked round at him, the driver a little
  longer than he should have as the car briefly hit the side of the road. Lucinda
  was looking at him nonplussed. She had obviously not expected to see Max again,
  which boiled his blood. He pulled out into the opposite lane to overtake Oldsmobile
  when it accelerated away and started to swing from one side of the road to
  the other to defeat his manoeuvre. Several times he was confounded in this
  way. There was only one thing for it and that was to scare them into stopping.
  He again eased up behind the Oldsmobile only this time when it accelerated
  away he stayed right behind it not allowing the car to slow down without having
  Max's car hit them. They were up to doing a ton along the two lane highway
  when the driver of the Oldsmobile cracked, waving his hand out of the window
  as he signalled Max to slow down. As the Oldsmobile slowed down Max pulled
  in front of it to prevent it pulling away. He studied the car in his rear view
  mirror and when he was content no funny business was going to be tried he took
  hold of a heavy wrench and got out of the car. Holding the wrench with purpose
  he approached the offending car.  
'Give me back my girl or I'll smash this mobile junkyard!' He threatened.  
'Now just hold on there!' Said the driver as he sat well back from his open
  window 'She wanted to come with us!'  
'Get out of the fucking car Lucinda!' ordered Max ignoring the driver. Lucinda
  remained seated in the back of the Oldsmobile, her eyes flashing between the
  three men. After some silence Max continued 'She's coming with me.' He stated
  once again looking at the driver.  
'Considering the day's events why the fuck would she want to go with you?'
  Asked the driver as though he had just played checkmate. Max dropped his pants
  and lifted his shirt. 'Okay.' Said the driver, nodding his head slightly 'You've
  got a dead snake between your legs.'  
The second guy pushed over the driver and took a look at Max 'Jesus. That's
  not human!' he exclaimed.  
'It gets no bigger when it salutes.' Said an unimpressed Lucinda.  
'It doesn't need to!' Said the second guy more than impressed.  
'Are we going to Vegas or are you going to admire his ...his...' She stuttered
  as she searched for the most appropriate name for his penis in the current
  situation before settling on the proper name '...penis all day!'  
Both guys looked round at her and said simultaneously 'I can't match that!'  
'Is the world always reduced to the size of your fucking penises!?' She looked
  at them in turn before putting her head in her hands 'Oh my god, it is!' She
  said feigning despair.  
Max pulled his pants up and brandished the wrench once again 'If she is not
  out of your car in ten seconds I'm going to smash your fucking lights.' He
  warned through gritted teeth 'One, two, three, four...'  
'Get out of the fucking car. He means it!' demanded the driver as he leant
  over to open the rear door.  
'I'm not!' said Lucinda defiantly.  
' GET OUT OF THE FUCKIN' CAR!' Commanded the driver. Freaked by the sheer
  volume of his voice she leapt out of the car.  
'You fucking asshole!' She screamed back at the driver, as she stood there
  in a shirt that fitted her like a caftan and pants that had been turned up
  so much she appeared to have great doughnuts round her calves. 'You promised
  you would take me to Vegas, welch!'  
'That was before I knew your boyfriend was nuts!' said the driver.  
'He gave me away!' she carried on screaming at him 'Of course he's fucking
  nuts!'  
The second guy leant over the driver again 'Hey. I want my clothes back.'  
'Fuck you!' She yelled.  
'Give him back his clothes.' Ordered Max.  
'If you think I'm going to stand here naked...' She started to say as she
  clenched her fists and turned her attention to Max.  
'GIVE THE GUY BACK HIS CLOTHES!' He bawled at her.  
In a fit of temper she ripped the shirt off, spraying buttons around and
  threw the garment at the driver's open window before doing the same with the
  pants. 'Happy now?' She said as she stared defiantly at Max for a moment before
  going to sit on a rock at the side of the road.  
'You're going to burn sat there naked in this sun.' Max said in a reasonable
  voice before adding 'NOW GET IN THE DAMN CAR!' The three men watched her walk
  over to Max's car in a huff before opening the passenger door 'IN THE BACK!'
  Max yelled. Lucinda signalled to him with her finger before getting into the
  rear of the car. 'Okay gents. Thanks.' He said to the two guys in the Oldsmobile
  as if they had just given him directions before following Lucinda back to the
  car.  
'Think nothing of it. JERK!' Said the driver.  
The passenger leant over the driver again 'Do you want your condoms back?'
  He said holding out the small packet.  
'Will you stop doing THAT!' Said the driver getting irritated as he pushed
  back his friend.  
'Damn right I do!' Replied Max as he returned rather sheepishly for the condoms
  and snatched them out of the passenger's hand. He returned to the car, getting
  in behind the wheel and slamming the door. He looked in the rear view mirror
  to see Lucinda with her arms tightly folded and her lips pursed.  
She took the opportunity to ask 'When do I get to have my clothes out of
  the trunk?'  
Max looked round at her and scowled 'When I say so.' He remained staring
  at her with his face twisted in frustration with her 'NOW SHUT THE FUCK UP!'
  He turned and sat looking forward for a moment waiting to see if there was
  some backchat. There was none. He started the engine. The two guys sat in the
  safety of their car making exaggerated gestures of jerking off at Max. Max
  got out, only this time he didn't brandish a wrench he was brandishing his
  gun. The two guys who were alarmed to see Max back out of the car and strutting
  towards them, began to freak at the sight of his gun. The driver of the car
  started the engine and put his foot down and stalled the car, forgetting to
  take his handbrake off. Within seconds they were looking straight into the
  eyes of Max's screwed up face. Max shot the six bullets in his gun randomly
  into the windscreen of the car, hitting both guys before turning away and strolling
  back to the car, not caring if the guys were dead but sure in the knowledge
  he'd have no more trouble from them.  
Max got back into the car and screamed at Lucinda 'NOW LOOK WHAT YOU"VE MADE
  ME GO AND DO!  
Lucinda ignored him and the shooting incident altogether, it was as though
  he had no more gone to take a piss. She remained sulking on the back seat until
  she could restrain herself no more 'You know this is kidnapping?' she stated
  flatly.  
'So what?' He said, again looking at her in the rear view mirror. Her defiance
  had failed to mask the spark that had returned to her eye. Inside he allowed
  himself a little smile of smug satisfaction. He was beginning to enjoy his
  roll and she could learn to love it or at least get used to it. The beast has
  been aroused he told himself. If she wanted her fantasies realised he was going
  to do it and on his terms. It was not lost on him that to excite Lucinda he
  just needed to ignore her whims and do what the damn well pleased with her.
  He felt an erotic energy surge through his body as he felt in total control
  of Lucinda's wayward spirit.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProjectEuropa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





