BDSM Library - Mary Had A Little Lamb




Mary Had A Little Lamb
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Complete with ball gag, harness and collar, Mary's pet is as meek as a lamb in this reworking of an old English nursery rhyme. Mary had a little Lamb  
 His ball gag kept him dumb  
 And everywhere that Mary went  
 Her Lamb was sure to come  
Mary's little Lamb wore a sheepskin coat -inevitably!- long and expensive
  and coming down almost to his ankles, just allowing a few inches of denim trouser
  to protrude, and beneath that the heavy boots she required of him.  
 She had to fight to contain a smile as her friends admired the coat she
  had bought him, running their elegantly manicured fingers over the smooth tan
  nap, stroking the soft white trim and remarking on its elegance, for she was
  the only one aware that beneath it he was almost naked. Around his chest there
  was a harness of slender leather straps, fastened so tight that they bit into
  his flesh and made his nipples bulge, around his neck a collar, around his
  genitals thin laces which were so constricting that they threatened to cut
  off the supply of blood. The denim trousers, they were quite fake, no more
  than cuffs of trousers which were suspended from his harness.  
 "So handsome," said Victoria. "Where did you find him, Mary?"  
 "Quite a hunk," said Lillian, her hand trailing lightly down his arm.  
 Victoria was an accountant, pretty but prim, who would have been quite horrified
  if she knew what manner of man was hidden beneath the sheepskin. Lillian was
  more passionate but plain, and could never hope to snare such a gorgeous looking
  young man.  
 To remind her Lamb that he was hers, lest the attention of her friends should
  make him forget, Mary curled one hand around his waist to hold him close, slipped
  her other hand into the pocket of his coat. The lining of the pocket had been
  cut, her hand slipped straight through to naked flesh, and her fingers squeezed
  his bound balls.  
 Lamb gave a gasp and her two friends exchanged wry smiles. It was the first
  sound he had made since Mary had introduced him to them, introduced him as
  a strong but silent type, excusing him in advance for his lack of conversation.  
 Beautiful but stupid, they were already thinking.  
 Beautiful but dumb was more the case, however, for the fact of the matter
  was that beneath the scarf which was wound about his lower face Lamb was gagged,
  a soft rubber ball stuffing his mouth and fastened at the back of his neck.  
 "So where did  you find him?" Victoria pressed.  
 "And how long have you two been together?" asked Lillian.  
 "Oh, there are places,! Mary answered Victoria vaguely, and then turning
  to Lillian said, "I have had  my little Lamb for some
  weeks now."  
 "Hardly little," said Lillian, in something approaching a purr, the emphasis
  Mary placed on 'had' escaping her, and with it the suggestion of ownership.  
 Her friends really were quite dim. Sweet, faithful friends&hellip;..but
  really so na&iuml;ve.  
 Mary made a show of consulting her wristwatch, hinting at an appointment,
  a place to be and a time approaching, said, "Well, it was lovely to bump into
  you both, but&hellip;."  
 "Yes, a bit chilly for standing around here chatting," said Victoria, hugging
  herself.  
 "But we really must get together again soon," said Lillian, though apparently
  to Lamb rather than to Mary.  
 Mary chuckled inwardly, said, "Yes Lillian, we must. I'll be in touch." Then,
  with a gentle pressure on Lamb's balls, she said, "Come pet."  
 And he almost did, she felt his genitals respond to her touch as he moved
  with her, keeping step beside her, and she could imagine her friends gaze following
  them, marvelling at her pet's silent obedience.  
 "Did you like my friends, pet?" Mary asked Lamb, as they continued along
  the street, weaving their way through the evening crowd, and all he could do
  was give a slight nod, careful not to let the scarf slip. "Then maybe I should
  lend you to them? I'm sure they would love that. Victoria might be a bit too
  reserved to react with anything other than shock at first, but Lillian would
  have a ball if I let her loose on you."  
 Mary laughed at the startled sideways glance Lamb gave her, squeezed his
  genitals and said, "Oh yes! What a ball she would have!"  
 They walked a block, turned a corner, then another, Mary guiding Lamb by
  gentle tugs on his genitals. Shops were closing, offices emptying, the streets
  were busy and all around was the opportunity for embarrassment.  
 Then, outside a brightly lit bar, Mary pulled him to a sudden ball-wrenching
  halt.  
 "Do you know, my little Lamb, I rather fancy a drink," she said, smiling
  to see the alarm in his eyes once again. Outdoors, in the cold evening air,
  his muffled appearance could be excused, but in a warm interior it might be
  something of an embarrassment for him.  
 Though not as much as if he should take his coat off.  
 "Come on, pet," she insisted, tugging him to the door, drawing him through
  after her.  
 Pausing on the threshold, she surveyed the bar. It was not busym, perhaps
  a quarter full, a scattering of small groups at tables, a couple or two in
  close confidence in the alcoves along the far wall, three or four people on
  high stools at the bar itself. She looked at Lamb to read his eyes, guessed
  that he was hoping for the privacy of a secluded corner so took him directly
  to the bar.  
 She seated them both on high stools, asked the barman for a glass of red
  wine.  
 "To darken my lips with," she added, with a flirtatious smile.  
 "And for Sir?"  
 "Nothing for my friend," Mary answered for Lamb, took the offered wine and
  brought the glass to her lips, took the merest taste.  
 She would drink slowly, prolong Lamb's agony.  
 The heating in the bar was efficient, the room was warm after the wintry
  chill of the street, and in no time at all Lamb began to perspire, a slight
  sheen glossing his brow. Beneath the heavy coat his skin would be slick. Swivelling
  a little on her stool, Mary unfastened her own coat and crossed her legs, the
  slit in her skirt parting to reveal a length of smooth thigh. The loose silk
  blouse she wore was low cut and he could see the tops of her breasts, the soft
  curve of her neck which would be so inviting for him. If it wasn't for the
  gag beneath the scarf he would be licking his lips now, and Mary smiled sweetly
  at him over the top of her glass as she took another taste of wine.  
 After a while she noticed the woman on the other side of Lamb casting him
  the occasional sideways glance. She tilted her head, offered the woman a smile,
  a nod, said, "You're wondering about the scarf?"  
 The woman smiled back apologetically, but admitted, "Yes, I was rather."  
 "Perhaps he has been to the dentist, an extraction, needs to keep the cold
  out," Mary offered, by way of an explanation.  
 "Ah," said the woman, satisfied, and returned to her drink.  
 She wore a knitted jumper, thick and loose fitting but still not disguising
  the fullness of her breasts, her heavy woollen skirt cam halfway down her calves,
  and beneath this were polished leather boots.  
 Lamb would love those.  
 "Or perhaps," Mary then said, leaning towards the woman, pressing her body
  against Lamb's, "perhaps I was lying."  
 "Sorry?" said the woman, now confused.  
 "Put your hand in his pocket," Mary invited her, smiling to see the horror
  in Lamb's eyes.  
 "I beg your pardon?"  
 "Trust me, put your hand in his pocket and all will be explained."  
 The woman looked down at Lamb's coat, considered a moment, then slowly lowered
  her hand, found the pocket.  
 "Oh my!" she cried, as her hand found hot damp flesh, and she raised her
  other hand to her mouth in surprise.  
 "Oh my indeed!" laughed Mary, sliding her hand in his other pocket, searching
  around until she found the woman's fingers and then drawing them down to Lamb's
  genitals.  
 This time the woman said nothing, simply gazed wide-eyed into Mary's face
  as her fingers were manipulated around his balls. She looked at Lamb's face
  and was astonished to see that he was quite expressionless, staring straight
  ahead, showing not a flicker of emotion or excitement. Yet he was  excited,
  she could feel it, excited by her touch. His cock was straining against its
  bonds, his balls were full and swollen.  
 "How long has he been like this?" she asked.  
 "Since yesterday morning," Mary told her, no longer needing to encourage
  the woman's fingers, pleased to note her enthusiasm.  
 "And how much longer?"  
 "As long as I decide," Mary smiled. "Isn't that right, my little Lamb?"  
 Lamb nodded, which brought a chuckle from the woman.  
 "But how can he bear it?" she marvelled.  
 "Oh, eventually he will break, beg," said Mary, and her fingers closed over
  the woman's. "Would you like to see me beg, join me in making him beg, perhaps
  even be made to beg yourself?"  
 "Sorry?" said the woman, but through the faked confusion Mary could read
  the answer in her eyes.  
 She slipped her hand from Lamb's pocket, nodded to the woman to do the same,
  said to him, "Go to the little boys' room, pet. Stay there ten minutes and
  then come back."  
 He rose from his stool, walked across the room and disappeared through the
  door.  
 "He might get into an awkward situation, if someone tries to engage him
  in conversation while he's alone," Mary explained to the woman, rising from
  her own stool. "Now come with me to the little girls' room."  
 "Sorry?" said the woman, not for the first time.  
 "It's commendable that you feel the need to apologise to me so often, dear,
  but for the moment just come."  
 Mary strode briskly across to the ladies' room, entered, held open a cubicle
  door and waited. Seconds later the woman appeared, she gestured her inside,
  then locked the door after them.  
 Immediately she placed her palm flat against the woman's groin, said, "Lift
  your skirt."  
 Obediently the woman lifted the thick winter skirt as Mary's hand moved
  to the bag she had slung over her shoulder.  
 "And the knickers too, dear," she said, as she rummaged around, and as the
  woman's knickers fell to her ankles she brought out the item which would replace
  them.  
 It was a triangle of leather, from each corner of which there hung a slender
  strap. The first two she wound around the woman's waist and fastened, the third
  she pulled between her thighs, drawing it up tight between her buttocks and
  clamping the triangle over her mound. This was padlocked to the belt she had
  made of the first two and the woman's orifices were sealed. Mary could now
  make the woman itch and yearn at each, but now had her incapable of easing
  that itch.  
 She let the woman drop her skirt, then leaned into her, kissed her, fondled
  her breasts and then took her hand to lead her back into the bar.  
 When her little Lamb returned Mary smiled wickedly at him, took him by one
  hand, the woman by the other.  
 "I might soon have a full flock of lambs!" she laughed. "A full flock of
  lambs to fuck!"  
"Make yourself comfortable dear, while I settle my little Lamb," said Mary,
  removing his sheepskin coat, and for the first time Linda saw the true state
  of Lamb's nudity, the lattice of leather which crossed his chest, the laces
  which bound his genitals, the gag which had kept him dumb.  
 To the collar around his neck Mary attached a leash, said, "Come, pet."  
 Dutifully he followed across the sitting room, through the door which led
  to her bedroom, then knelt by her bed. When he offered her his hands, though,
  she shook her head.  
 "You're not to be cuffed tonight because I want you to play with yourself," she
  said, squatting before him and removing just enough laces to release his genitals. "I
  want you to wank, excite himself, want to see you hard and dripping when I
  call you back."  
 He was becoming erect already and she laughed to herself as he caught his
  cock in his hand, thought that she could simply just blow on it and it would
  become hard.  
 "Good pet, now you just stay that way, nice and hard for Mistress," she
  said, rising and returning to the sitting room.  
 Playing with himself as Mary had ordered, slowly stroking his cock to keep
  himself hard, all was quiet for a while. Then he became aware of the voices
  in the next room, words which were vague at first, muffled, but then Mary saying
  quite clearly, "I prefer my men to be kneeling before me, naked and bound,
  helpless at my feet."  
 There was laughter, slightly nervous, the woman from the bar, Linda, saying, "If
  only men could be that easily trained."  
 "Oh but they can," said Mary, in a flat and matter-of-fact tone which silenced
  any further laughter.  
 "They- they can?"  
 ""But of course! You have seen my pet, bound and gagged."  
 "Bound and gagged, yes-"  
 "You don't think it was a struggle to have him that way, that I had to overpower
  him?" Mary interrupted. "Not in the least! He has been trained that way and
  will do anything I tell him to. He knows that he will be punished if he refuses
  and also punished when he complies. If I beat him with a cane or lash, or fuck
  him with a dildo, he kisses it first. And when I have finished with him he
  kisses my feet, kisses the hand which punished him, licks my fingers even through
  his tears."  
 The memories, the promises, made Lamb harder still, he stroked himself more
  quickly until he heard Mary say, "Care to see?"  
 He stopped, heard nothing, but there must have been an answer.  
 "Pet! Through here now!"  
 On all fours, nudging the door open with his head, Lamb crawled back into
  the sitting room and over to the sofa where Mary and Linda sat, the leash which
  hung from his collar trailing between his legs. Mary caught hold of the leash
  and pulled his head up.  
 "My new friend, Linda, seems a little sceptical that a man can be trained,
  and I believe might benefit from learning something of the art of subduing
  a man." she said to him. "Say hello to Linda as a sad slut ought to."  
 "Yes Mistress," Lamb said, and moved across to Linda, pressed his face against
  her heavy woollen skirt and then slipped down to kiss her shiny brown boots.  
 "Suck the heel, take it into your mouth," Mary ordered, and as Linda lifted
  her foot slightly so he began to lick and suck on the heel.  
 Linda's eyes sparkled, she looked at the leash which Mary still held, said, "May
  I?"  
 "Be my guest," smiled Mary, passing the leash over. "Feel how hard he is
  at the thought of you controlling him."  
 The heel removed from his mouth, Lamb felt a tension on the leash, and Linda's
  hand crept down his body. He kept as still as Mary would have demanded, did
  not resist when Linda fingered the single lace around the base of his cock,
  made no sound when she circled the one which was wrapped around his balls.  
 Then she cupped her hand around his genitals and gasped.  
 "Yes?" asked Mary, with an amused laugh.  
 "He is so hard!"  
 "He is?" said Mary, with feigned disgust. "Oh my pet! Then should he be
  punished?"  
 Linda laughed too as she squeezed his balls. "How?"  
 "You have the leash," Mary told her. "Turn him around and have him bend
  forward, his head on the floor."  
 Linda tugged on the leash and pushed with her hands, forcing him into the
  required position and holding him there with her hand on the back of his neck.
  Then Mary took the leash and unclipped it from his collar.  
 "Now hold his balls firm while I whip him," said Mary. "Grab his cock and
  feel it pulse in your fingers."  
 Linda went to kneel before Lamb, reached beneath him, took firm hold of
  his balls in one hand and wrapped the fingers of the other around his cock.
  Then Mary began to strike him, making his body jerk forward with the pain,
  blow after blow which soon brought tears to his eyes.  
 "If you slacken your hold on his cock a little you'll feel him move backwards
  and forwards in your hand," Mary suggested, and Linda's fingers relaxed a little
  so that it really did feel as if Lamb was fucking her hand.  
 "And if you put your hand beneath his chin," Mary further suggested, never
  slowing the strokes across his buttocks, "and raise his head, then you'll be
  able to look in his eyes and see his pain. I guarantee a sight such as that
  is enough to make you come, my dear."  
 Lamb's head was lifted by Linda's hand, he looked straight into her eyes,
  and if she saw pain in his then he could see only pleasure in hers. Then the
  blows suddenly stopped, he heard the leash cast aside and was aware of Mary
  standing astride him, squeezing him between her thighs as she sat on him. She
  stroked her fingers across his shoulders, stroked them along his neck.  
 His body had stopped pumping backwards and forwards, now that the blows
  had ceased. His cock lay still in Linda's hand.  
 "Wank him Linda, toss him off," Mary told her. "I promise he won't move,
  he won't come, until you tell him to."  
 "Really?" said Linda, beaming brightly into Mary's eyes, and began to stroke
  her hand slowly along his cock, all the while holding his face up, looking
  directly into his eyes.  
 Lamb felt weak in her hands, beneath her gaze, he gasped for breath and
  fought the urge to drive his hips against her hand. His face contorted and
  Linda frowned for a moment, then smiled, her hand working faster on him.  
 "Tell him to come and he will," Mary told her. "Order him to wait and you
  will have him crying for mercy, begging for your pity. Whichever way, you have
  him, he is in your power."  
 "Oh but I so want to see him come!" said Linda.  
 "Then tell him. Order him to come."  
 Linda brought her face closer to Lamb's, her breath scorching his face,
  her perfume suffocating him, smiled deep into his eyes as if she might devour
  him as she said, "Come for me. Come for us. Come for Mary and I."  
 And as his orgasm came so Mary struck him across the head with the flat
  of her hand, said, "Come pet!"  
 Lamb let out a gasp which grew into a cry, a cry which became a scream as
  his balls exploded and his cock erupted, his spunk splashing everywhere as
  Linda's hand tightened around him, spitting through her fingers and splashing
  Mary's feet. He tried to spasm, his body shook, but Mary had him clamped tight
  between her thighs and the hand around his cock would not permit him to move.  
 Slowly his body relaxed, shivering, shuddering.  
 "Now hold your hand to his mouth, my dear, and have him clean it," said
  Mary.  
 "And he would?" asked Linda.  
 "Oh yes!" laughed Mary. "He would do anything you asked! You have him now,
  my dear. Now he belongs to you as well as me. He is a slave to us and worships
  us."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Severin Rossetti


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





