BDSM Library - Evenings of Sodom




Evenings of Sodom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fairly hardcore, routine blackmail and humiliation.Evenings Of Sodom   
I sat in Van Gendloos, a wine bar in a side street off the West Blaak and
  suddenly felt a little apprehensive. It was crossing my mind I didn't have
  the character to carry out my plan, though when I understood the information
  I had received which was now in my jacket pocket I was confident of its success.
  Despite my current spate of nerves I was still hyped up on the excitement that
  I had been experiencing since I discovered my talent for cunning. I was waiting
  for Henieke who I held a secret passion for, ever since I met her at a business
  meeting a couple of years ago in London. We had become, well if not exactly
  friends, then very good business associates. She worked for Burgman's Bank
  and I worked for Contasea shipping company. Henieke had arranged a loan deal
  in a very tricky situation and since then we had kept touch by phone periodically.
  She said if I ever found myself in Rotterdam I should take her out for a meal
  as a thank you for getting Contasea out of a financial mess. Working in my
  position for a shipping company it was only a matter of time before I found
  myself in Rotterdam and she knew it so here I am waiting for her to arrive.  
 I was considering a second glass of Rioja when I noticed Heineke arriving
  in a taxi. She brushed through the wine bars doors with brisk efficiency. She
  was elegant as always and she knew how to carry herself with the weight of
  a powerful professional but without compromising her femininity. Her trim cut
  suit acknowledged her female form with an understated simplicity that gave
  her class. I got up to greet her and kissed her on both cheeks before leading
  her to the table I had reserved. She gave me an enthusiastic hello, which told
  me she was pleased to have my company. We sat down and ordered drinks before
  indulging in a little small talk as we caught up with each other's lives without
  being over familiar. She was telling me about her tennis prowess when I took
  a bundle of papers from my jacket pocket and handed them to her.  
 'What are these?' She asked.  
I shrugged as if to say, don't ask just read them. She puzzled over them
  for a while, they were failing to register as anything she recognized. I waited
  anxiously for there significance to register with her. It wasn't working I
  thought, then her eyes widened and her lips parted. She looked at me as she
  tried to hide her shock at the information in the pages I gave her.  
 'Where did you get this?'  
 'I can't tell you that.' I answered.  
 She struggled to compose herself 'You are showing these for a reason.'  
 'Of course.' I smiled.  
 My smile must have been more of a smirk as her next question was 'Blackmail?'  
 'I wouldn't say that.' I stared into her eyes 'Let's say I want a business
  deal.'  
 'There's nothing dishonest in these papers.' She said desperately.  
 I nodded in agreement 'But there is gross negligence.'  
 'OK. What do you want, money?' She struggled to hide her anxiety.  
 'Nothing so crude.' I gestured with a feigned insult.  
 'Then what?'  
 'You.'  
 'Me?'  
 She was proving slow for a high flyer 'Well let's put it more succinctly.'
  I paused before adding "I want your body for the next few evenings as business
  keeps me in this town.'  
 'You what?' she frowned still trying to comprehend.  
 There was nothing for it but to be blunt 'You are to be my obedient slut
  for the next few evenings.'  
 'I'm most certainly not!' she gasped with no uncertainty.  
 I picked up the papers from the table and started to put them in my pocket.
  It seemed she had called my bluff. I felt a disappointment. I either shop her
  or let her go. "That's fine.' I said 'its your choice.'  
 'Hold it.' She said 'What does being your slut entail.'  
 I held out my palm as if to say isn't it obvious 'Normal sluttish things.'
  I hesitated a while 'Well I suppose it all depends how perverted you are as
  to how normal the things are I will require you to do.'  
 'I'm not liking the idea of even having you touch me, never mind indulge
  in perversions.'  
 'Let's eat and we can discuss the next few days of your new profession.'  
 'I've suddenly lost my appetite.' She breathed. For a moment I thought she
  was going to throw up but she managed to compose herself.  
 'OK. Why don't you go home and sleep on it and meet me at my hotel tomorrow
  at seven in the evening.' I said, passing her the hotel's card. Her hand shook
  as she took it and struggled to her feet. I let her see herself out as I watched
  her walk awkwardly on her two inch heels to the door.  
 'Henieke.' I called. She struggled back still looking shaky on her feet.
  'I like matching sexy underwear for the first evening. I'm sure a woman on
  your salary wears that all the time.' I smirked.  
Monday Evening   
It was fast approaching seven and I was feeling a little nervous. Henieke
  was a smart lady and no doubt had spent most of the time trying to figure a
  way out of her dilemma once she was over her initial shock. I pounded the room
  as though it was me that was being used by her. I realized I had to compose
  myself before Henieke turned up. If she saw a weakness in me she would most
  certainly exploit it. The way she had worked the financial deal for Contasea
  proved how she could riddle and turn a ball-squeezing dilemma into a success.  
 It was two minutes after seven when I heard a timid knock on the door. I
  hesitated a moment so as not to look too eager. Opening the door I was confronted
  by sophisticated woman with an obvious intelligence that sparkled in her eyes
  despite her expression of apprehension. She had not found a loophole in my
  plan as of yet. She was wearing a dark overcoat that was open that revealed
  a simple business shirt and a smart cut skirt. I gestured her to enter my room.
  I let her walk past me and as she did I started to help her off with her coat.
  She baulked a little at my attention but then let me proceed. As the coat was
  slipping over her arms, I let it drop to the floor and I quickly grabbed her
  wrists. Before she realized what was happening I had tied her wrists together
  with Velcro and pressing on her shoulders I forced her to kneel. She was so
  surprised by my actions she was unable to resist.  
 'What the fuck!' She gasped.  
 Before she could fight back I had bound her ankles with Velcro and with
  the same length of Velcro tied the ties on her wrists to the ties on her ankles
  making it impossible to move. It never surprised me how secure Velcro was when
  one couldn't get leverage to force it apart.  
 'You can't do this to me!' she yelped.  
 'I can and I have.' I smirked. 'Now shut the fuck up!' I took a mouth plug
  gag from the table and forced it into her mouth and tied it in place with a
  head strap. She gagged hard. I watched her come to terms with the intrusive
  implement. The plug had a disc attached that protruded from her mouth, large
  enough to sit a glass flute on it. The things that people invent!  
 'I think we should celebrate your new profession.' I said, as I took a champagne
  flute and placed it on the disc. She looked viciously at me and nearly toppled
  the glass. 'Hold your head still!' I yelled, before turning to the job in hand.
  I filled the flute with champagne and watched the column of sparkling liquid
  bubble up in front of her face. I waited a second to make sure the glass was
  stable and the gag securely in place so she could hold her position for quite
  some time. I noticed she struggled, gripping on the plug with her teeth and
  the delicate muscles straining in her neck as she tried to keep the glass of
  champagne in place. Yes, she was a quick learner I thought. I pulled an armchair
  immediately in front of her, poured myself a glass of champagne and sat down
  in the armchair.  
 'Right.' I said 'Now I am going to tell you what you are going to do for
  me over the next few evenings and I want you to make a mental note.' I looked
  at her to make sure she was listening. Her eyes were giving me a poisonous
  look but she was up to speed.  
I pointed out that she was to comply with my demands and that she would have
  to turn up at seven each evening dressed or undressed according to my orders.
  I then set about in delicious detail explaining to her what I had in store
  for her. Every time I saw shock in her eyes as to what I had planned for her,
  a quiver of lust shot through me. After about two hours of lecherously describing
  what I had in store for her, I sat back in the armchair and let my bathrobe
  fall open, exposing my angry cock. She looked alarmed at its arousal. The phallus
  in front of her was not a loving erection but a violent and angry cock that
  was going to invade her every orifice.  
I slowly and deliberately stroked my erection. I spread my legs a little
  so she could see I had shaved my balls for her. See, I am not such a bad guy.
  With my vivid descriptions of what I had in mind for her I was could feel my
  cock wanting to erupt in moments. I stood up and pointed my cock at her face.
  She blinked several times as she waited to be sprayed with my semen. I was
  on the edge of exploding but was holding back as best I could hoping I could
  time my explosive cock so I could shoot in her face when she was looking at
  my purple angry glans. Luck was on my side. She opened her eyes wide as though
  to ease the tiredness she was feeling at remaining so static for so long when
  my cock erupted and spat cum all over her face and into the flute of champagne.
  She flinched slightly but remained in static enough to keep the flute balanced.
  Once I had finished squeezing the cum from my cock and letting the last drops
  dribble down her face, I fastened my bathrobe. I took the champagne flute from
  the disc. Henieke immediately rolled her head to ease the ache in her neck
  she must have developed. I took the gag from her mouth and before she could
  curse me, I got on my knees and started to lick with big swipes my cum off
  her face. Thankfully her make up was minimal but I could taste its bitterness
  on my tongue as it mingled with my cum. I got back to my feet and studied her.
  She had broad strokes of smudged make up across her face. I swallowed a laugh
  as I enjoyed the vision of her.  
'Bastard!' She hissed, as I began to untie her. She got to her feet and started
  to rub her wrists.  
'Yes.' I said referring to her curse 'Now drink this.' I handed her the flute
  of champagne she had been balancing. There were two great globules of cum floating
  in the now still liquid.  
'I'm not drinking that!'  
'You will.' I smiled 'I hold all the cards or should I say papers?'  
She took the glass and swallowed a few times before she slowly raised the
  glass to her lips. She hesitated. She gagged a little. No doubt at the thought
  of my cum swilling in her mouth and down her throat. She looked up at me with
  pleading eyes. I looked sternly back at her. She composed herself as best she
  could then tilted the glass and poured the liquid and cum in her mouth. Her
  eyes closed tight as she swallowed rapidly for a few seconds as though she
  was trying to prevent throwing up. I took the glass from her.  
'Is that it?' She asked meekly.  
'Not quite.' I said. I pulled her skirt up to reveal scarlet matching lace
  panties and garter belt holding up her sheer stockings that had lace decoration
  around the top edge. I pulled her panties to the side to reveal nicely trimmed
  pubic hair about her cute cunt. I slipped my middle finger between her legs
  and parted her labia before forcing two fingers into her cunt. She gasped as
  she rose to her tip toes briefly before lowering herself gently back on her
  feet. My fingers were swallowed in her soft flesh.  
'You slut!' I exclaimed.  
'What do you mean.' she struggled.  
'You're dripping wet. You enjoyed it.'  
'Don't be stupid.' She spat 'how could I possibly enjoy you.'  
I took my fingers from her cunt and angrily pulled open her shirt, sending
  her buttons scattering around the room. Pulling her bra so her perky breast
  broke free I took hold of each nipple and twisted them in unison.  
"Ouch!' She squealed as I forced her to her knees by slowly increased her
  pain by assaulting her nipples.  
'Don't ever, I mean ever, call me stupid again!' I hissed at her.  
'Okay, okay. Please stop it.' She cried.  
I gave her nipples another quick twist to make her wince violently and let
  her know who was the boss. I then lifted her up by the arm and led her quickly
  to the door and pushed her through it and out into the corridor. I then went
  back into the room got her coat and threw it out behind her and then slammed
  the door before opening it again to see the bedraggled figure of Henieke trying
  her best to straighten herself up and look decent.  
'Don't forget. Seven tomorrow and don't be late!' I went back into the room
  and laughed. My cock was once again protruding angrily out of my bathrobe.  
Tuesday   
Henieke arrived on time and entered the room with the strut of someone who
  knew what was going to happen and wanted to get it over with as quick as possible
  and leave. After her brief initiation yesterday, tonight held no shocks for
  her. Unfortunately I lied. She walked over to the bed and sat down and started
  to undress. There was a knock at the door.  
 'Come in.' I shouted.  
 Henieke who had just taken off her dress quickly covered herself with it
  for her modesty's sake. A porter entered the room with a small parcel on a
  tray. I nodded towards the occasional table where he placed the package on
  the table. Heineke was doing her best to stay modest. The porter, who was young,
  well built and in his early twenties, hesitated, making it obvious he was expecting
  a tip. Jeez! I had no change.  
I looked at the porter. 'Would you accept a tip in kind?'  
'How do you mean sir?' He asked as he did his best not to look at Henieke
  but finding it an impossible task.  
"Come here.' I said to the young porter.  
He obeyed while still trying not to look at the beautiful Henieke out of
  the corner of his eye. I put my hand on his crotch. He froze at this male intrusion.
  He had a semi on.  
'That's a mighty fine tool in your pouch.' I commented.  
'Thank you sir.' He comically answered in fright.  
'Drop your trousers.'  
'You've got to be kidding sir.' He said becoming increasingly alarmed, as
  was Henieke, who was obviously feeling I was up to no good.  
'You want a tip right?'  
'Yes sir.'  
'Then drop them and your underpants.'  
He looked at Henieke and then at me. He was frightened but he had felt the
  atmosphere and was excited by it. He did as he was asked and exposed a fine
  penis that stuck out and bowed downward in a semi erect state.  
'That's a fine bit of tackle.' I said, as I admired his cock 'Don't you think
  so Henieke?'  
'If you say so.' She said as she obviously wondered where I was taking this.  
"I'm glad you agree as I want you to suck him off.'  
'Come on!' she said 'You aren't serious?' The porter suddenly looked disappointed,
  as he had signed on to the thrill. I gave her a glare that told her I was serious.  
She threw her dress on the bed with a temper and indignantly walked over
  to the porter and knelt down. Looking at the porter's cock and deciding it
  looked clean and healthy she was just about to take it full in her mouth.  
'No no no.' I said 'With feeling!' She flashed her eyes at me. "Give the
  boy a memory. He probably hasn't been sucked off by a woman who likes and knows
  how to suck cock.'  
She stopped as if to contemplate her strategy and deciding she couldn't do
  anything else but obey. She gave the cock a several long slow swipes along
  the side of its length. The cock elevated as it hardened. She used her forehead
  to nudge the cock upwards so she could get at the young mans balls. Damn! She
  was enjoying herself! She licked his balls before snuggling her face into his
  crotch and forcing the young man's balls into her mouth. She sucked and tugged
  on them for a while. He had obviously not had a woman like Henieke playing
  with his tool before. He was huffing and puffing as the sensation of having
  those most sensitive of treasures juggled sent shivers through his loins. Then
  she was back to making long laps of her tongue along his shaft before taking
  the whole of its length into her mouth and sliding her lips up and down its
  length. It wasn't long before the young man was bracing himself as he reached
  the point of coming. Henieke then stopped and let the length slip out of her
  mouth.  
'Do I bring him off?' She said.  
My eyes rolled back in my head as an answer. 'Yes.' I said but don't swallow.
  Keep his cum in your mouth.'  
Henieke carried on with her artistry and within seconds, the young man who
  hadn't known what to do with his hands was pulling Henieke's head onto himself
  as he jerked and shot his load into the beautiful mouth of Henieke. The porter
  was still huffing and puffing when I walked over and Henieke let his deflating
  erection slip from her mouth. I pulled open Henieke's jaw to expose a sizeable
  quantity of cum pooling in her mouth. I indicated to the porter to take a good
  look at the contents in Henieke's mouth.  
'Have you ever seen your load in a mouth so beautiful?'  
'No sir.' Gasped the porter, pulling up his trousers, back to being frightened
  now he had been gratified.  
'Since it was such a good tip. If you don't mind would you open the package
  you brought?'  
The porter obeyed immediately and took out several ties from the jiffy envelope.
  He looked at me. I indicated he should put them on Henieke and told her she
  could now swallow the juice in her mouth. She gulped and swallowed awkwardly  
'Not this again?' she said with a note of sarcasm, as the porter trussed
  her up in a similar way I had done yesterday.  
'Will you ever learn?' I commented as I told the porter he could go.  
'What happened to the gag?' she said with a note of defiance. I ignored her
  as I looked into the bathroom. The beautiful Henieke was too busy cursing me
  and telling what a bunch of arseholes men are to notice I was signaling to
  someone in the bathroom. I grinned as five naked men came out of the bathroom.
  Each one playing with their cocks to get themselves aroused. Once they saw
  Henieke who they had not yet seen, it didn't take much playing with their cocks
  for each of them to get hard and eager to fill the beautiful orifice that had
  just been insulting their sex. Henieke's suddenly fell silent and her angry
  countenance turned to one of shock as she was confronted with five angry penises.  
'No no!' She yelped ;This was not part of the..'  
The first angry cock was thrust into her mouth and was pumping away before
  she could finish her sentence. She gagged violently as the cock hit the back
  of her throat. Her eyes were bulging as the athletic male got into his rhythm.
  He pulled her head violently onto himself. His length sliding smoothly, in
  and out of her mouth. Saliva dribbled down her chin and was soon mixed with
  dribbles of cum as the first of the evening's cocks having fountained a quantity
  of cum, withdrew from her mouth. She gasped and tried to catch her breath but
  before she could adequately oxygenate her lungs the next cock was rammed into
  her mouth. It took no time for the second of the athletic men to find his rhythm.
  By the time the fifth man had shot his load and withdrew his cock. Henieke
  looked as if she was on another plane. Cum was splashed across her face and
  dribbling down her breasts. Henieke was left in the middle of the room sagging
  and fatigued by the energetic bouts of face fucking. I told the men to dress
  and leave. When they had left I released Henieke from her ties and she collapsed
  to the floor. I put a cushion under her neck so her head was tilting back.
  Now it was my turn. I laid on her facing her feet and felt my cock slide into
  her gapping wet mouth. As I made slow and deliberate thrusts I ripped off her
  delicate panties and put my face between her thighs. She tried to struggle
  but had no energy. I found her clit with my mouth and started to such on the
  delicate protruding bud. Her crotch was wet with pussy juice. For all her protests,
  if the slut wasn't mentally aroused, she was certainly physically aroused.
  Before I could come Henieke's hip were thrusting and I could feel spasms rippling
  through her body beneath me.  
Wednesday Evening   
My guests were getting irritated, Henieke was over five minutes late and
  I had promised them a slut that would turn up on time. I was pissed with her.
  She was making me look a fool. I looked out of the hotel window and down below
  I saw Henieke. She had a look of apprehension. Now doubt she was wondering
  what I really have in store for her. I can't see what she is worrying for,
  if she is worrying about yesterday. I know she didn't expect a multiple face
  fucking but the five guys I had for her were athletic and healthy and as far
  as I can tell, handsome. But what do I know about what women find handsome.
  Then there was the porter and there was me so she got seven cocks and all for
  the price of one. A bargain, in anyone's eyes. Okay she went home somewhat
  fatigued but I doubt that was to do with the exertion of having to her face
  fucked by a bunch a angry cocks, it was more likely the shock of being confronted
  with all those vigorous young males. Henieke looked up at the window and saw
  me looking down at her. Her expression turned to one of defiance and made for
  the hotel door.  
 'I thought this slut was going to be here by now?' Moaned Jaap. He was the
  owner of the general store on the corner. He was a dumpy and lecherous man
  and the thought of dipping his wick into a young slut almost had him wetting
  his pants.  
 'She'll be here in a minute.' I smiled.  
 'We ought to whip her arse.' Complained Cees. Cees was a mechanic and ran
  a local garage where I hired a car for my stay here. A wiry man of about fifty-five
  but it was difficult to tell he was so young, I thought sarcastically. The
  other guy in the room was Boomer. A taxi driver. One that I had frequently
  used as he always seemed to be parked outside the hotel.  
 Within the minute Henieke was in the room and I was removing her coat while
  she was once again shocked to see we were not alone. The three pairs of eyes
  that were fixated on Henieke almost in unison popped out of their respective
  sockets when they saw she was wearing a wasp that nearly snapped her in two
  and left her breasts exposed and a black micro thong. The dirty old men gasped
  and salivated at the sight of the gorgeous Henieke. I have to admit I felt
  an instant reaction in my crotch at the vision. She was sexy beyond my imagination
  could have imagined, when I first instructed her to arrive so attired.  
 'You are nine minutes late.' I said with an irritated voice. Henieke was
  still recovering from the shock of the presence of the lecherous bunch of males.
  She was about to protest but thought better of it. She was learning things
  would only get worse should she complain.  
 'Are we going to whip her arse for being late?' Said Boomer, thinking Cees's
  idea was a good one. I looked around the room. There seemed to be an agreement
  about this and I thought I couldn't let Henieke's insolence at being late go
  unpunished. I would look stupid.  
I looked at each of the salivating males in turn 'Okay.' I said 'Spread her
  over the table.'  
The three men got up together and made with animal lust for Henieke who stifled
  a squeal and bent her over the table. Boomer who had missed out in the rush
  to take one of Heniekes arms moved around the back of the table and took her
  wrists and pulled on them to hold her in position. They then looked round at
  me as they realized they had nothing but their hands to spank the beautiful
  rotund arse that was delighting them. Damn I thought. If I don't think of everything,
  nothing happens. I went to the wardrobe and took out two paddles, a wooden
  one and a leather one, plus a cane. I allocated the implements to the three
  horny males.  
'Nine minutes late.' I said rhetorically. 'That's three minutes each.'  
'No!' gasped Henieke.  
But her protests were in vain. Cees who had been allocated the wooden paddle
  had already elbowed his way into position, not caring if he looked too eager
  and had taken the first stroke. It came down with a load thwack! He was certainly
  not going to spare Henieke who gasped and squealed as Cees thrashed each of
  her buttocks alternately. Nine minutes is a long time and I was wondering if
  I was being a little too harsh but my guests weren't caring. They wanted to
  see the beautiful arse vibrate and redden. Once Cees's three minutes was up
  he had to be almost pulled away from his grateful chore. Then positions were
  swapped and Boomer stepped in and with precise harsh swings with the leather
  paddle. Henieke began to squeal. Cees who was now round the otherside of the
  table and looking at Heniekes face disfigured in pain, laughed. 'Squealing
  like a pig.' he would say gleefully 'Yeah, that brought tears to her eyes!'
  My guests were enraptured in their unexpected task, while Henieke's buttocks
  was turning to cherry red with the harsh slaps that were raining down on them.
  By the time the lecherous Jaap had took to using the lethal cane on the beautiful
  and glowing arse, Henieke was sobbing and pleading for mercy. The cane whipped
  the air with a whooshing sound and hit with a sharp crack on the soft female
  flesh. Henieke had stopped squealing and was now on the edge of screaming.
  I was worried about the noise she was making so I improvised a gag with a belt
  of mine. Her legs were trembling and if she wasn't being held into position
  she might well have collapsed. After the full nine minutes I said enough was
  enough. The men complained, they were high and enjoying themselves. I stroked
  Henieke's buttocks. They were hot. The men disappointed at having to stop their
  task, left Henieke bent over the table and sat down. Henieke slowly sank to
  her knees sobbing. I left her a moment or two to let her gather herself. I
  then moved the furniture back to the walls and ordered her to kneel in the
  middle of the room. She was beyond protesting, she understood that to do so
  would mean more punishment. She dutifully knelt on all fours in the middle
  of the room.  
I had everything prepared. I balanced a square glass table top on the back
  of Henieke and told the three men to pull up the low stools that were stacked
  in the corner and sit around the table I had improvised with the help of Henieke.
  They all eagerly sat round and I joined them. I took a pack of cards out of
  my pocket and began to shuffle.  
'Winner takes all.' I said, in a business like tone. The cards were marked
  so I knew I would win. These three jerks were too busy playing Yankee Doodle
  with their cocks to realize they were just part of my game. I just wanted the
  beautiful Henieke to think I was willing to gamble her away for the evening
  to one of the three stooges that had joined us.  
Boomer intervened. 'That means three of us will end with nothing!'  
'Yeah.' Said Cees, in agreement 'Winner has first turn, I say.'  
I looked at Jaap who decided he had a brain wave 'Let's play for which hole
  we have?'  
'She only has three.' Complained Boomer.  
'Well the loser can fuck her tits.' Jaap answered.  
'Tits aren't for losers.' Said Cees. 'Though I'm speaking as a tit man.'  
'Okay, Okay!' I intervened, quite taken with the idea of sharing Henieke.
  She after all humiliated me by turning up late. 'What's it to be?' I looked
  around the table and all the while conscious that Henieke was in the middle
  of us, and fretting.  
'Play for holes.' Said Jaap, convinced his idea was best.  
The other too looked at each other and then at me and nodded.  
'Okay.' I said. Putting the marked cards back in my pocket and taking out
  a clean pack. I was quite taken up in the excitement of the gamble. 'Okay.
  The winner gets first choice of the holes, the second the second choice, the
  third the third choice and the last gets her tits.' I said with a tone that
  said there was to be no negotiation. I began to shuffle and deal the cards.  
It wasn't long before we were into the game and my guests were so concentrated
  it seemed they were gambling their businesses and livelihoods, not for a piece
  of the action with a slut. Their foreheads were dripping and each time they
  got an advantage their faces would broaden with a lecherous smirk. Or should
  they lose a hand they would groan in frustration and desperation. Meanwhile
  through the glass table top balanced on Henieke's back we would notice her
  straining or hear a groan. Perspiration was spreading out from her shoulder
  blades and haunches where the table top had contact with her. Every so often
  she would wilt a little and the table would jolt. I hand would then reach beneath
  the table and give Henieke a sharp pinch on the buttocks or twist her nipple
  so she would squeal.  
Very soon Boomer was throwing in his cards 'That's it! He exclaimed 'I guess
  I get her tits.'  
'Noo.' Said Cees gleefully 'I now get to choose before you and if the tits
  are available they are mine. Boomer cheered up.  
The next to throw in was Cees but he was not depressed. He was confident
  neither Jaap or I would choose Henieke's tits. Secretly I knew I would win
  the game. I could see my guests were too taken at a prize to concentrate as
  coolly on the game as me. Jaap was next to throw in his cards, which left me
  the winner and the first choice. Everyone looked at me in expectation wanting
  to know which hole I would choose. I sat back and let the suspense get to my
  guests as to what my choice would be.  
I looked around the table to make the suspense last a little longer. 'I'll
  have her arsehole.'  
Jaap rubbed his hands in delight 'That means I've got the bitch's cunt!'
  He sang.  
'Tits! I'm having her tits!' chanted Cees.  
'Yey! Cried boomer in the knowledge he was to have Henieke's mouth.  
 We all shook hands but before we could finish, the table top was being lifted
  off Henieke's back. She groaned and stretched. The strain and the weight of
  the glass table top had took the fight out of her. She didn't seem to have
  the energy to care what was going to happen to her. She had already known for
  a while each of her holes was going to be probed. Before we could discuss proceedings
  Boomer had taken his trousers off and was on his knees and having remover her
  gag was ramming his thick stubby cock into Heniekes mouth who was choking on
  the extremely thick girth of Boomer's cock. A girth, that had us all looking
  in surprise. The sight of this had Jaap quickly naked and kneeling behind Henieke.  
'Make sure he doesn't cheat and shove's his dick into the wrong hole.' Said
  Cees. Not trusting his colleagues.  
The two men were ramming home in unison into Henieke's beautiful body. She
  was jerking back a forth as the two cocks she was taking were hammered home.
  Her breasts were shaking back and forth and Cees was on his knees giving his
  prize a good fondle and twisting, pinching and tugging at her nipples. Henieke
  was grunting and groaning and sweating profusely. Her arse was still glowing
  from the thrashing she had earlier and Jaaps hands that were grabbing her hips
  to help his thrust was aggravating the soreness of her buttocks. Boomer grunted,
  jerked and came and thrust is bursting cock into Heniekes mouth and held it
  there while the spasms shot through his body. Henieke was choking but Boomer
  refused to withdraw or was unable to because of the power of his orgasm. Soon
  after Jaap was experiencing the same explosion, as he thrust extra hard into
  Henieke's cunt.  
 'OK. My turn for her tits' said Cees.  
 'Not yet.' Said Jaap 'The cunt's mine and I haven't finished with it. I'm
  going to eat my cum out of her hole.' At this he laid on his back and shuffled
  his head between Henieke's parted legs and then shoved his mouth up into her
  crack. He began sucking and slurping while Henieke arched her back trying to
  escape but Jaap just put his hands round her waist and pulled her back down
  on his mouth and kept eating his dessert. To my surprise Henieke came. Her
  belly flexed and her hips jerked. God knows how she was breathing. Boomer had
  regained a hard on and was back to fucking her mouth. Somehow Henieke managed
  a scream as she came a second time and bucked with ever more ferocity. She
  might not like what was being done to her but her body didn't care. It was
  going through the physical process that nature intended and was gratefully
  receiving all the cock it wanted. Soon it was too much for the two lecherous
  men, they tired and withdrew there deflating cocks and rolled on the floor
  satiated and whimpering with pleasure.  
 'Turn her on her back.' Said Cees. Not waiting for help before shoving Henieke
  over. Henieke didn't resist. She rolled over onto her back with her legs and
  arms spread as if she had been shot. Cess was on her in an instant and pressing
  her breasts so they folded around his cock and began to thrust. 'What's the
  bet I can shoot so hard I splatter cum all over her chin.' He grunted as he
  rode Henieke as if she was a bronco. Shoving, grunting, and wahooing. Cees
  thrust maniacally between her breasts. 'I'm coming, I'm coming!' He shouted.
  He jerked violently and his cock spat cum up Henieke's chest and splatted under
  her chin as he claimed he could. He stood up and shook the last few drops of
  his cum over Henieke. She moaned and rolled slightly. Was it fatigue or post
  coital pleasure I thought. Who knows? Only she does.  
 I quickly brought the proceedings to an end. The men protested. They wanted
  to see me burst Henieke's arse. I said that wasn't the deal. I won her arse
  and if I want to bust her arse alone I will. They were happy but still a little
  discontent as they left because they couldn't watch Henieke's arsehole being
  entered.  
 Once I was on my own with Henieke I pulled up a chair and watched her rolling
  and moaning on the floor. She was holding her jaw. It didn't surprise me as
  the girth of Boomers cock surprised us all. I let her come round a little.
  It wasn't as though she had been extensively abused over a period of time.
  I still think it was the shock of the surprise of the amount of cocks she was
  expected to take. When I gave her a synopsis of the week, I didn't exactly
  lie but I was a little but I was a little economical with the truth. After
  a while, my horniness stopped me caring about Henieke's well being and more
  about my own needs for satisfaction. I pulled her to her feet and led her over
  to the bed and bent her over the side. She seemed to have flopped in a comfortable
  position. She was knelt at the side of the bed with her torso laid on the mattress.
  Her arse was exposed to the room and most important of all, to me. I took some
  tissue and wiped away what was left of Jaap's saliva and cum. I studied her
  cute little cunt with her protruding labia that was now raw with the abuse
  she had received but it was her sweet little arsehole that really fascinated
  me. That pinched ring of flesh that had the look of pursed lips, the sort women
  freak out babies with. I covered my finger with lube and penetrated Henieke's
  arse with my finger and felt her tight little ring close instinctively round
  it. 'Oh no.' she whimpered. 'Oh yes.' I thought. I probed as deep into her
  as my finger would let me. No matter how clean and hygienic someone keeps their
  arse, you always get that slight whiff of shit. Henieke smelt herself and suddenly
  felt exposed and humiliated.  
 'Ssshh.' I whispered 'Relax.'  
 'Please don't.' she whimpered. She couldn't have said anything more provocative.  
 I was as hard as I could ever be. I could have driven my cock into a wall
  it was so hard. I coated my shaft in lube and parted Heniekes buttocks. I felt
  them tense.  
 'Relax.' I said 'I know you are an anal virgin.' I left a little silence
  before I added. You can't be the true slut of your fantasy until you've had
  a cock filling your arsehole.'  
 Henieke suddenly responded. Yes, I thought. I have inside information, from
  someone very intimate with her. Before she had time to ask me who had given
  me this information the tip of my cock was pushing through her hole and I could
  feel her ring of muscle tightening around my shaft. It's such a lovely feeling
  to feel that ring of muscle pressing along ones shaft as it disappears into
  that inner void of the arse. I gained a rhythm. Henieke groaned. I wasn't sure
  if it was pleasure or discomfort but did I care? I tried to keep my rhythm
  as smooth as possible for awhile so if she was having a pleasurable sensation
  she would enjoy it. I then stood slightly so my cock pointed downward and with
  a bit of luck hit her G spot through her membranes. Henieke grunted and groaned.
  She forced her hand under her belly and between her legs and started to masturbate.
  I carried on slipping my length in and out of her as she fingered her sweet
  little bud.  
 'Love your clit.' I said 'Don't be shy with me. I know you're a slut. Just
  enjoy yourself.'  
 Once she appeared to moaning with pleasure I rammed hard into her to make
  her squeal, just for the fun of it. I couldn't stop myself interrupting her
  pleasure, as it was she who was here for me and not me for her but I loved
  watching the slut be just what she was. A slut! I could smell her aromas wafting
  around the room. The mix of cunt juice, cum and shit mingled and created a
  perverse incense. I loved that smell and it was emanating from the most beautiful
  orifices I had ever experienced. Henieke moaned briefly and jerked back onto
  my cock as she came. She gave a yelp at pushing back onto my cock too hard
  in the same breath as she moaned repeatedly 'Oh my god oh my god oh my god'.
  It was a prompt that made me thrust my cock into her hole as hard as I could
  until I shot my load up her arse. She was whimpering with a mixture of pain
  and pleasure. I pulled out my cock and watched my cum dribble out of her hole.
  She loved it, I thought. I knew from the first day I met her she was a whore.
  I wiped my cock on her still red buttocks and got to my feet. Henieke laid
  there, her arse still dilated and waiting for the entry of another cock.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProjectEuropa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





