BDSM Library - Christmas at Thanatos Manor




Christmas at Thanatos Manor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Here's a cruel and depraved little confection to brighten your holiday season. So put down the ribbons and wrapping paper and spend a few minutes with the members of the Thanatos Society as they gather at the Manor to celebrate Christmas.Christmas at Thanatos Manor &ndash; Part One  
Dear Reader. Here's a cruel and depraved little confection to brighten your
  holiday season. So put down the ribbons and wrapping paper and spend a few
  minutes with the members of the Thanatos Society as they gather at the Manor
  to celebrate Christmas. Like most of my tales, this one is not for the faint
  of heart. If you would like to let me know what you think of this story, you
  may contact me at cerberus713@hotmail.com. 
------- Cerberus  
A leather-clad chauffeur guides a large black Rolls Royce limousine along
  a desolate snow-dusted Scottish road towards Thanatos Manor. In the passenger
  compartment, Sir Jonathan Vincent and his wife of twenty years, Lucinda, sit
  facing forward on the luxurious leather bench seat. Across from them on jump
  seats are their two sons, Michael, who is eighteen, and Stephen whose fourteenth
  birthday was celebrated earlier in December. Christmas carols emanate softly
  from the six speakers of the automobile's sound system.  
There is someone else in the car. A beautiful young woman kneels on the floor
  between the parents and sons. But for a red ribbon tied tightly around her
  graceful neck, she is completely naked. Christine is sixteen and has been a
  sex-slave of Michael Vincent's since she was twelve. His parents gave her to
  him for his birthday. Even at twelve, the girl had been exquisitely beautiful.
  Her father had been one of the vice presidents of the infamous El-ron Corporation.
  Several members of the Thanatos Society had lost significant amounts of money
  when it was revealed that the men who ran the company had been looting it to
  the detriment of both employees and shareholders. Knowing that the American
  justice system would not deal with the responsible culprits adequately, several
  Society members, including Jonathan Vincent, took matters into their own hands.
  They arranged to abduct many of the senior executives' children. Christine's
  father, like many an El-ron executive, had avoided jail time by paying fines
  with the money he stole. However, his exultation at cheating the jailer was
  quickly extinguished when he and his wife received a DVD that showed their
  precious daughter, who they assumed to be at a California tennis-camp, being
  viciously gang raped by fifty men wearing masks made to resemble various U.S.
  Presidents. Each Viagra-charged man stuffed his cock into Christine's virgin
  ass, pussy and mouth at least three times. By the time they were spent, Christine's
  naked body was coated in cock-slime and she lay in a large puddle of sperm.
  Several of rapists were former El-ron employees. The Society made sure that
  many of the images ended up on the worldwide Web.  
The car continues to wend its way to the Christmas celebration. An hour earlier,
  Christine relieved the monotony of the trip by crawling over to each of the
  Vincent men and sucking his cock, swallowing every precious drop of man-grease.
  She then used her talented tongue and lips to bring Mrs Vincent to multiple
  orgasms. When she had finished, the obedient little slave returned to her place
  in the centre of the passenger compartment and, facing Mr and Mrs Vincent,
  assumed Position Two. This position is one of several poses Christine learned
  at the Thanatos Academy of Sexual Slavery. She kneels on the soft carpet of
  the Rolls with her knees spread wide. After interlocking her fingers behind
  her blonde head and holding her arms parallel to the line of her shoulders,
  she arches her back causing her breasts to thrust out proudly on her chest.
  Normally Christine would have been forced to kneel on the sharp edge of a triangular
  wooden rod, but it is Christmas and the Vincent's are feeling benevolent. Besides,
  they didn't want Christine to appear at Thanatos Manor with bruised knees.
  She is the present that the family is contributing to Society's Christmas gift
  exchange. Michael Vincent doesn't regret giving Christine away. Her replacement,
  a delightful little Japanese cuntlet, is currently learning the finer points
  of total subservience at the Thanatos Academy. Until she graduates in May,
  Michael will have to be satisfied by his parents' slaves.  
Despite having cum only an hour before, young Stephen gazes lustfully at
  Christine's naked backside. The young lad's eyes slide over the surface of
  Christine's naked flesh, taking in the every detail of her flawless skin of
  her back as it narrows to her waist and then flair into small flawless buttocks &ndash; flawless
  except for a lacework of healed scars. Michael has made a habit of whipping
  his slave at least once a month whether she deserved it or not. He had taken
  his father's advice to heart when the older man presented Christine to him. "Beat
  her regularly," he said. "You may not know why she is being punished but you
  can rest assured that she does."  
Stephen Vincent concentrated his gaze on the girl's bum. Shortly after becoming
  Michael's property, his brother had burned a livid "V" into the soft flesh
  of her right butt cheek. Because her knees are spread, separating her buttocks
  slightly, Stephen can just make out the pink rosebud of her asshole. Christine's
  butt is almost as tight today as it was four years ago. This, despite the regular
  butt fucking she's had to endure from every member of the Vincent family, including
  Mrs Vincent, who favors a ribbed black strap-on dildo, and the family's Labrador
  retriever. Such are the wonderfully elastic properties of teenaged girl-flesh.  
While Stephen admires the slave's ass, his father runs his eyes, for the
  hundredth time, over the girl's breasts and belly. Christine's tits are not
  large but they are firm and plump and tipped by long pink nipples. Sir Jonathan's
  eyes drop to inspect the girl's cunt. She has no pubic hair so it is easy to
  spot her prominent clitoris peaking out of the between her puffy pussy lips.
  Last year Michael pierced the base of Christine's clitty and ran a small silver
  ring through the hole. Today, in keeping with the festive season, a tiny silver
  angel dangles from the ring on a fine four-inch long chain. The angel swings
  back and forth between the girl's legs in response to the motion of the car.  
"How much farther?" asks Stephen who has never been to Thanatos Manor before.  
"We'll be there in about twenty minutes," answers his mother. "Be patient."  
"I am, Mother," says Stephen. "It's just that I need to take a pee."  
"Well, we're not going to stop," says Mrs Vincent. "Christine, take care
  of  
Steve."  
Without hesitation the teenaged slave creeps between the boy's legs. She
  sits on the floor with her back to him. As Stephen unzips his fly and pulls
  out his cock, Christine leans backward until she is facing the roof of the
  car. The top of her head rests on the edge of the seat between the youth's
  legs. He looks down and admires Christine's pretty face. She looks obediently
  at him with large blue eyes. She opens her ruby red lips to reveal perfect
  teeth. She opens her mouth wider. The boy slides forward on his seat and rests
  his balls on the girl's forehead. As he points the tip of his cock at her mouth,
  he orders her to swallow only when he says so. With that, he releases a hot
  golden stream of piss into her mouth. Christine's mouth quickly fills with
  the bitter brew. Just before it overflows, Stephen says, "Swallow". She does
  and her mouth quickly fills up again with the acrid urine. "Swallow," he orders
  repeatedly as her mouth fills. Christine ingests several mouthfuls of piss.
  Eventually the stream becomes a trickle. With a cruel smile, Stephen pulls
  back his cock and dribbles a few drops of piss into the slave's left eye. She
  gasps as the acidic liquid burns her blue eye but does not move. When the lad
  has finished, Christine returns to her original position kneeling between the
  parents and the boys. This time Michael orders her to assume Position Seven.
  Christine falls forward until her forehead is resting on the floor of the Rolls.
  She spreads her knees and uses her hands to pull apart her ass cheeks, revealing
  her asshole and cunny to the Vincent parents. Lucinda Vincent had slipped her
  pumps off and now extends her right foot and begins to run her manicured big
  toe along the insides of Christine's pink cunt lips. The silver angel dances
  as Lucinda rhythmically pushes her toe into the soft moistness of the teen's
  pussy.  
Eventually they arrive at the wrought iron gates of Thanatos Manor. A large
  Christmas wreath hangs from each of the double gates. The car stops and is
  approached by an armed guard who stops beside the rear side window. Mr Vincent
  slides the window down so that he can be recognized. The guard smiles and says
  that they are expected. It is a mark of his professionalism that he doesn't
  react to the sight of Mrs Vincent with her three of her toes imbedded in the
  cunt flesh of a naked teenaged girl. He steps back from the car and speaks
  into a cell phone. The gates swing open and the car begins the half-mile trip
  to the Manor.  
Pulling her toes out of Christine, Lucinda order the girl to turn around
  and suck the cunt juice from her feet. As the teen does so, Mrs Vincent reaches
  for a bag and announces that it is time to decorate their present. Since Christine
  is the present, she kneels passively in front of Lucinda who hands a leather
  sleeve to Michael and tells him to put it on Christine. The sleeve is made
  of bright red leather that matches the red ribbon that is tied around the girl's
  neck. The two boys lean forward and pull the girl's arms back until her elbows
  touch. Holding her forearms together, they slip them into the long sleeve that
  encloses the girl's arms from fingertips to elbows. While Stephen holds her
  arms in place, Michael pulls very tightly on the green laces that run the length
  of the sleeve. He then ties ends of the laces in a double knot. With her elbows
  tied behind her back Christine's breasts are thrust forward. The teenaged slave
  kneels quietly as Lucinda removes two fancy bows from her bag. These bows are
  identical to the intricate semi-spherical ones that are available in any store
  that sells gift wrapping paper and ribbons. These particular bows are made
  of shiny green ribbons. Christine's eyes widen with fear when she notices the
  only thing about the bows that make them different from the ones you can buy
  anywhere. Instead of a square of sticky paper at the base of each bow, there
  is a two-inch long needle. To make matters worse, each needle is not made of
  smooth steel. Instead, each shaft is coated with hundreds of very tiny barbs.
  This is to prevent them from slipping out of her flesh. Mrs Vincent disinfects
  the needles by dipping them into a small bottle of tincture of iodine.  
"Hold her boys," orders Sir Jonathan. As the youths grip Christine by her
  shoulders, Jonathan begins to pluck at the nipple of the girl's left breast.
  It begins to swell. With a cruel smile, his wife places the point of one needle
  into the flesh in the center of the nipple. Christine wails as Lady Vincent
  slowly pushes the needle into the heart of her nipple. Incredible pain radiates
  from the girl's nipple through her whole tit. The older woman keeps pushing
  until all two inches are buried in the teenager's tit flesh. The tears that
  run down the slave's cheeks complement the thin rivulet of blood that slowly
  runs down the bottom half of her breast. Before she has a chance to recover,
  Lucinda plunges the second needle into the centre of the girl's right nipple.
  She then leans back to admire her work. Christine kneels trembling with a green
  bow decorating each breast. Lady Vincent watches the blood slowly running from
  under the green bows down the girl's breasts and belly. "Yes," she smiles. "The
  juxtaposition of green ribbon and red blood does make our little Christine
  here is looking very 'Christmas-y' indeed."  
At last the car pulls up to the front of Thanatos Manor. Having adjusted
  their clothing and put on their coats, the Vincents are ready to get out of
  the car. Louis, the chauffeur opens the door and the family gets out. He reaches
  in and pulls Christine from the vehicle. The naked girl stands trembling in
  the frigid air while her owners admire the Christmas decorations that adorn
  the front of the Manor. It is quite cold and wisps of snow continue to fall.  
A large Mercedes Benz Maybach glides to a stop behind the Vincent's Rolls
  and a family gets out.  
"Oh look, Jonathan," says Lucinda happily. "It's the Greensteins."  
Harold Greenstein smiles broadly and walks over to the Vincents. His wife,
  Emily, and his seventeen year-old son Joel accompany him. Emily is a stunning
  blonde who is obviously much too young to be Joel's mother. In fact she is
  Harold's trophy wife. Harold arranged a fatal "accident" for Joel's mother
  in order to marry someone whose cruelty surpassed even his own. Joel feels
  no bitterness because Emily lets him fuck her &ndash; something his mother
  never did.  
Greenstein shakes hands with the Vincent men and kisses Lucinda on the cheek. "It's
  wonderful to see you again, folks," he beams in a thick Brooklyn accent.  
"I'm so glad you could make it. Merry Christmas," says Lucinda. "Or should
  I say Happy Hanukkah?"  
"Whatever," laughs the rotund American. "Whether it's Christmas or Hanukkah,
  the folks that run Thanatos Manor always make the holiday celebration a memorable
  occasion.  
While the two families stand in the frigid air catching up on old times,
  poor Christine is freezing. Her trembling naked body is covered with goosebumps.
  Mrs Greenstein and Lucinda have embraced and are talking together happily when
  Harold notices Christine. He looks at her admiringly. "I presume that that
  young cunt is your donation to the gift exchange," he says. "That reminds me.
  Joel tell Roland to take our present out of the trunk and bring it over here."  
The younger Greenstein hurries over to the large car and tells the chauffeur,
  Roland, to pop the trunk. As the trunk lid slowly rises, Roland goes to it
  and lifts our the Greenstein's Christmas/Hanukkah present.  
"My God," exclaims Lucinda. "Is that Kimberly? She must have really pissed
  you off."  
The Vincent boys do a double take. The present that the Greensteins are about
  to contribute to the Thanatos Christmas gift exchange is, indeed, none other
  than Kimberly Greenstein, Harold's sixteen year-old daughter! Michael Vincent
  has been "in lust" with the proud black-haired beauty since he first met her
  three years before. He always thought she bore a remarkable resemblance to
  Winona Ryder. Of course, because she was the daughter of a member of the Thanatos
  Society who was also a friend of his parents, he could only admire her from
  a distance. Many times while he was plunging his cock into Christine, he imagined
  that he was fucking stuck up, beautiful Kimberly Greenstein. The spoiled bitch
  acted like her shit smelled like roses. As the Greenstein's large black chauffeur
  led her up to them, Michael can only exult in how the mighty had fallen. She
  is even more beautiful than ever. Michael whispers to his brother that the
  only thing that would improve Kimberly's look would be a wad of his cum leaking
  from the corner of her mouth.  
Emily Greenstein explains to Lucinda Vincent that Kimberly has been quite
  a handful since Harold got rid of her mother. Always willful, the teenager
  almost informed the media about her father's depraved "hobby". Fortunately,
  Joel caught her as she was about to leave the house to meet with a reporter
  from the New York Post. In her backpack, he found one of his father's videotapes.
  It was a particularly vicious one. In it, Joel assists his father in raping
  and torturing to death a pair of teenaged identical twins that they had imported
  into the States from Bangkok. The tape could only be viewed on special equipment
  that is exclusive to members of the Society. When run on a normal video player
  the tape showed the film, "It's a Wonderful Life". However, the fact that Kimberly
  had been prepared to betray her family sealed her fate.  
Now the unfortunate girl stands in the grip of the huge chauffeur. In recognition
  of the festive season, she has been sewn into a green leather bondage suit.
  Her head is encased in a tight helmet. Her long black hair has been drawn through
  a hole at the back of the helmet and falls down her back in a long ponytail.
  The helmet does not cover her beautiful face. A large red ball gag has been
  shoved into her mouth. This gag has been specially designed. It is hollow with
  a hole in its side large enough to permit Kimberly to insert her tongue. A
  large metal spring clip fitted to the inside of the ball viciously grips that
  tender pink morsel. The inside of the ball had been filled with ground horseradish
  that burns the surfaces of the poor girl's tongue.  
The septum of her straight nose has been pierced with a large silver ring
  to which is attached the leather leash that Otto is holding. Kimberly is five
  and a half feet tall but Roland towers over her.  
The Vincent boys stand and admire Kimberly's outfit. The girl's suit is so
  tight that the boys can see the lips of her pussy under the soft leather. The
  bottom of her helmet has been sewn to the rest of the suit. The green leather
  is extremely tight but is so soft that it hugs every curve of the girl's sweet
  body to the point where the boys can tell that her belly button is an "inny".
  Kimberly's arms have been forced behind her back. Her forearms are parallel
  to the ground and each elbow rests in the hand of the opposite arm. A leather
  sleeve, similar to the one Christine is wearing binds Kimberly's forearms together.
  The girl's breasts protrude through an opening in the front of the suit. Each
  breast is a puffy mound of firm flesh tipped by a nipple that has been colored
  with rouge to match her ball gag. A thick red elastic has been placed over
  the base of each breast, making it swell painfully. In case she wasn't in enough
  pain, her father had Joel push a barbed fishhook through each of his sister's
  nipples. A thin green nylon cord was attached to the end of one hook, fed through
  the poor girl's nose ring and then tied to the end of the other hook. When
  Roland pulls up on Kimberly's leash, her head is forced upward, jerking the
  cord and stretching her nipples grotesquely.  
During a lull in the conversation, Stephen Vincent hears a quiet buzzing
  coming from Kimberly. He walks closer to her and discovers that the buzzing
  is coming from her pussy. Joel notices Stephen's interest and explains that
  his sister has a vibrating dildo in her cunt. Young Greenstein invites Stephen
  to unsnap the large patch of leather that covers his sister's pussy and ass.
  The younger Vincent eagerly does so, revealing the girl's hairless cunt. He
  squats in front of Kimberly so he can see the base of a large dildo protruding
  from the girl's pussy. Only inches away, he realizes that the buzzing is actually
  varying in pitch. He breaks into a broad grin when he recognizes that the vibrator
  is playing the first two bars of "Jingle Bells" repeatedly. The youth gently
  presses the palm of his hand over Kimberly's pubic mound. He can feel the vibrations
  reverberating through her warm flesh. Despite her pain and humiliation, Kimberly
  must be finding the dildo stimulating at some level. Warm cunt juice leaks
  out of her pussy to wet the palm of his hand. Roland smiles down at Stephen
  and asks if he'd like to help complete Kimberly's outfit before they go into
  the mansion. Stephen nods eagerly. The large man deftly spins the humiliated
  girl around. The younger Vincent brother stares at the sixteen-year old girl's
  magnificent ass. Her firm, round buttocks are completely unblemished although
  they are covered in goosebumps because of the cold air. Kimberly squirms at
  the end of the leash as Stephen uses both thumbs to spread her ass cheeks.
  He is pleasantly surprised to see the base of a second dildo protruding from
  the girl's ass-hole. The base is actually a removable screw cap. Otto tells
  Stephen to unscrew it. Using both hands, the youth does as instructed. As soon
  as the cap is removed, a small clear plastic cartridge slides out of the dildo
  and onto the ground. Stephen picks it up and examines it. The surface of the
  cylinder consists of a very thin clear plastic membrane. As he looks at it
  more closely, Stephen can discern dozens of tiny punctures in the thin casing.
  He also notices the remains of a dead wasp at the bottom of the device.  
"You can throw that away, young sir," says Otto as he hands the boy an identical
  cartridge. Only this one contains a live and very angry wasp. As the lad inserts
  the fresh cartridge into the poor girl's butt-dildo, Roland explains that the
  artificial cock is four inches in length and that the last inch consists of
  two strips of hard plastic that connects the front of the dildo to the threaded
  base ring. Once inserted, the angry wasp can sting the sensitive flesh of Kimberly's
  ass-hole through the thin membrane. Stephen screws the plastic cap back onto
  the base of the dildo and stands up. Immediately a muffled shriek emanates
  from around Kimberly's ball gag and her beautiful brown eyes bulge. She squirms
  and dances in pain.  
"That wasp appears to have wasted no time," laughs Roland and he steady's
  Kimberly by tightening his grip on her leash. "Mrs Greenstein wanted to insert
  a similar dildo into the girl's pussy, but Kimberly's father said that it was
  too cruel. A caring father indeed."  
The two families head towards the front doors of Thanatos Manor. Just before
  entering the sound of sleigh bells make them stop and turn around.  
"Oh look!" says Lucinda Vincent. "It's Father Christmas."  
Indeed a portly gentleman wearing the traditional Santa Claus outfit is driving
  a sleigh up the snow-covered drive. Instead of reindeer, nine naked women pull
  the sleigh. "Santa Claus" is actually Ibn Fouad al Kabir and the human reindeer
  are from his large herd of pony-girls. For the past eight years, the immensely
  wealthy oil sheik has played Santa at Thanatos Manor. The reindeer-girls pull
  the sled to the front of the mansion and stop. This year the reindeer team
  is a matched set of Nordic blondes. (Last year the Sheik brought a team of
  beautiful black slaves.) The girls are panting from their exertions and steam
  actually rises from their perspiration-soaked bodies. These young women appear
  to range in age from the early teens to the early twenties. There are four
  pairs led by "Rudolph", a beautiful creature dressed like the others except
  for a glowing red ball gag in her mouth. The other girls have green ball gags.
  Every girl's arms are bound at the elbow behind her back. She wears a tight
  belt around her waist. A rough leather cord is sewn to the front of belt and
  passes between the girl's legs so that it is tightly jammed into the groove
  of her pussy and ass. The other end of the cord is fastened to the front of
  the sled. "Santa" steers the sled by using reins that are knotted to large
  silver rings that hang from the tips of each girl's breasts. The right hand
  rein runs through the ring of the right breast of four the girls on the right
  side of the "reindeer" team. Similarly, the left lead is fastened to the left
  nipple rings of the girls on the left side of the team. The ends of both reins
  are fastened to nipples of the unfortunate "Rudolph". Bells have been hung
  from the girls' nipple rings. . Each reindeer-girl wears hard plastic bondage
  boots on her feet. They have no heels and force the wearer to stand on her
  toes of her arched feet.  
While Santa steers the sled, his twelve year-old son, Ali, dressed as an
  elf, sits beside his father and wields a buggy whip to make sure the "reindeer" keep
  up a good pace. Judging from their bloody backs and buttocks, Santa's little
  helper, has been making sure they do.  
"Santa" smiles to see his friends the Vincents and the Greensteins and climbs
  down from the sled.  
"Hello, hello, my dear friends," he exclaims as he comes up to them.  
"Hello Fouad," says Lucinda warmly. "I think you know everyone here except
  my youngest son, Stephen. This is his first Christmas at the Manor."  
The Arab shakes the youth's hand and says, "A pleasure to meet you." The
  sheik then notices Kimberly Greenstein, who dances in pain as the wasp continues
  to drive his stinger into the soft flesh of her ass.  
"Harold, my friend. Can that by your lovely daughter?" he asks.  
"It is indeed, Fouad. I'm donating her to the gift exchange."  
"Wonderful! Perhaps, inshallah, I'll be fortunate enough to win her. I'm
  putting together a team of Jewish pony-girls and your little filly would be
  a wonderful addition."  
"Well, best of luck," says Greenstein. "A year in your stable is just what
  the cunt needs to knock some of the haughtiness out of her. Tell me, my friend,
  are you still mating your stallions to your pony girls?"  
"I am, indeed," replies al Kabir. After I weary of them and the men on my
  staff have used them, I let my horses fuck them."  
"If you are fortunate enough to get Kimberly, be sure to send me a video
  of her being raped by one of your horses."  
"Of course, my friend," says the sheik who then returns to the sled to get
  his large bag of gifts. As he and his friends and their slaves enter Thanatos
  Manor, young Ali whips the girls into a trot and guides them to the stables
  behind the large mansion.  
Upon entering the group is greeted by Alex Potemko, the current president
  of the Thanatos Society.  
"Welcome to Thanatos Manor," he says as he shakes the men's hands and kisses
  each both women on the cheek. "It's wonderful to know that our common interest
  can bring Christian, Jew and Muslim together in friendship. But to quote the
  Marquis, "I can forgive man everything except his invention of God."  
Noticing the two slaves, Potemko, suggests that they be taken to a large
  room beside the banquet hall where all the other gifts are being displayed.
  Michael takes Christine and Harold takes his daughter, Kimberly, down the broad
  hallway to the "gift room". The sight of the various gifts astonishes both
  men. Attendants approach and take the two slaves. Several other members of
  the Thanatos Society are in the room, examining the gifts. Kimberly and Christine
  are chained by the neck to rings in the walls of the rooms. There are a dozen
  other living gifts chained to the wall. Most are young girls. Michael's attention
  is drawn to a pair of identical twins. Their owner has altered these diminutive
  naked beauties. Their barely formed breasts have been pumped with silicon so
  that each one has 34E jugs.  
As well has live gifts, there are many other Christmas presents on display.
  Stephen, who has joined his brother, walks to a large table to look at some
  of the smaller gifts. His attention is drawn to an exquisitely wrought set
  of wrist and ankle manacles with a matching collar. On closer examination,
  Stephen sees that the insides of the silver devices are covered with thousands
  of tiny pins that would cut cruelly into the flesh of whoever was unfortunate
  enough to wear them. The table is covered with dozens of instruments of torture.
  There are whips, pincers and branding irons and sets of barbed needles. In
  addition, there are such modern toys as electrically charged nipple and clitty
  clamps, battery operated spiked dildoes and cattle prods with detachable tips.
  On the floor beside the table is a modern rack. This stainless steel device
  is operated by electric motors, taking much of the work out of popping the
  shoulders and hips of hapless slaves.  
Stephen notices on the table several gift certificates for the services of
  a professional torture master.  
 While the others continue to look at the gifts, Michael is talking to Kimberly.
  As she stands trembling against the wall, he casually plucks at the cord connecting
  her fishhooked nipples to her nose ring. "I really hope I'm fortunate enough
  to draw you as my Christmas gift, Kimberly" he whispers softly. Her pain-filled
  eyes widen in horror. "I've always wanted to fuck your brains out, but you've
  been off limits. Happy to see that's no longer the case. After my friends and
  I have tired of fucking you, I intend to turn you into the family's toilet
  slave. You've always behaved like your shit tasted like ice cream. Perhaps
  you'll have a chance to find out if ours does too."  
Emily Greenstein interrupts Michael and the others to remind them that the
  Christmas Pageant is about to begin in the Theater of Pain and that they should
  hurry if they want good seats.  
------------ to be continued.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





