BDSM Library - Lesbian Pussy




Lesbian Pussy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A straight girl named Kelly is forced to be her friend victoria's lesbian sex slave.Lesbian Pussy   
(proofread by Red) 
Hello, let me introduce myself. 
My name is Kelly. I'm a nurse. I work full time and have two children. I'm
  in my early thirties. I have a nice body--at least that is what I'm told. I
  think I could stand to loose a pound or two. The power-lifting I did when I
  was younger still makes my body look very muscular. So, you get the idea--
  I'm in fairly good shape and very busy.  
One day while I was trying to get some rest one of my friends came over.
  Her name is Victoria. I've known her for about three years. She has money and
  likes to flaunt it. She just got back from a vacation in Mexico (lucky girl--I
  wish I had time to go on a vacation; I wish I just had time) and wanted to
  tell me about it. I was in the kitchen making us some tea while Victoria sat
  on the couch. She was droning on and on about how fun Mexico was. I wasn't
  really listening too much, so I missed the whole story about a necklace she
  wanted to show me. When I sat down beside her she held out a beautiful pendant
  necklace.  
Victoria said, "Look at this pendant, Kelly. Isn't it pretty the way it changes
  colors. If you look real hard you can see beautiful designs in it. Look hard;
  concentrate on the pendant, concentrate on the pendant, nothing but the pendant..."  
The next thing I know it's four hours later and Victoria is gone. I called
  her on the phone and she told me when she was showing me her new necklace I
  fell asleep. She thought I must have been very tired, so she let me sleep and
  showed herself out. I apologized to her and told her she could come over tomorrow
  to show it to me.  
She said "That'll be nice. I'm looking forward to tomorrow."  
I can't believe I was that tired! I've never fallen asleep like that before.
  That night after I got the kids to sleep I was feeling a little horny. I decided
  to masturbate. It felt really good but I couldn't cum. Right at the point I
  thought I was going to cum it would subside a little. I tried for about an
  hour, but I finally gave up. I thought maybe it was nerves.  
The next morning I woke up as horny as I was when I went to sleep. I figured
  I'd play with myself after I get the kids off to school. As soon as the door
  was closed behind them my hand was down my pants. I needed some relief. I played
  and played but could not quite cum. I just happened to look at the clock; oh
  shit I'm going to be late for work! I needed to stop masturbating, but I also
  needed to cum. Finally I gave up and went to work.  
When I got home from work I wanted to play with myself again, but Victoria
  showed up.  
"I'm sorry I fell asleep on you yesterday. I must have been more tired than
  I thought," I said to her.  
Victoria said, "That's okay, dear. I just wanted to show you my pendant."  
She held it up and it glistened beautifully. I couldn't take my eyes off
  of it.  
Victoria said, "Look at this pendant Kelly. Isn't it pretty the way it changes
  colors. If you look real hard you can see beautiful designs in it. Look hard
  concentrate on the pendant, concentrate on the pendant, nothing but the pendant..."  
I can't believe I fell a sleep again. She is going to think I don't care
  about her necklace (which I don't, but I do care about her feelings). I called
  her up and we went though the same conversation again. She would come over
  tomorrow. I got the kids fed, bathed, and off to bed. I was so horny--I need
  SOME relief, but&hellip;it happened again; I couldn't cum. I needed it badly.
  The next morning it was the same way. That made two days in a row I was late
  for work because I was so busy masturbating, and I still couldn't orgasm.  
The rest of the week went much the same way. Every time Victoria tried to
  show me her necklace I would fall asleep. Then I would apologize and make plans
  to try again. Every moment I had alone my hand was down my pants as I was tried
  to find the orgasms that kept eluding me. The whole week was a horny frustrating
  blur. I was desperate now. I was to the point that, when I couldn't cum while
  masturbating, I would start to cry. I needed relief more than I ever had. I
  would do anything, or so I thought.  
Finally it was Friday. I was happy because I didn't have to work, and I'd
  already got the kids off to school. I had all day to reach that orgasm that
  I need so badly.  
I had been at it for about three or four hours--I'm not sure. I was tired
  and extremely frustrated; I was on the verge of crying. I was almost there,
  but that's where I stayed-- almost  there. When a knock
  came at the door, I didn't know whether to be sad because of the interruption,
  or to be happy some one was breaking the cycle of frustration I was in.  
I answered the door--it was Victoria. She probably wanted to try to show
  me that stupid necklace again.  
"What's wrong Kelly?" Victoria asked.  
I was a little embarrassed. I probably looked terrible, and my house must
  smell like my over-worked sex. I didn't know what to say. I hoped she wouldn't
  notice the smell, but she had to&mdash;it was so strong.  
"Nothing I'm just a little tired, that's all," I answered.  
"Do you want me to come back later?" she asked. Yeah, she noticed the smell.  
"No, come in. I'm fine," I told her.  
Victoria came in and sat on the couch. We made some small talk, and than
  she said "I know what's wrong with you, Kelly."  
"Oh really? And what's that?" I ask in response.  
"Your horny and frustrated because you can't cum," Victoria said.  
"What?" is all I could come up with. How does she know? Is it that obvious
  to her? I know she can smell me, but the smell doesn't say I can't orgasm.  
"Well, I have a little confession to make," she said.  
"What, have you been spying on me?" I said angrily.  
"No, no, not anything like that--I hypnotized you," Victoria told me, a big
  grin on her face.  
"Are you crazy? What are you talking about?" I asked, confused.  
"You know all those days I would come over and you would fall asleep?" she
  asked.  
"Yeah," I said cautiously.  
"Well, I've been hypnotizing you. Well, not so much you--more like your pussy," Victoria
  said.  
"What?" was all I could say. I think Victoria must be going crazy. This made
  no sense.  
"Yeah, I've been hypnotizing your pussy. I've been making it a lesbian. The
  only way that cute little pussy of yours is going to cum is if it rubs against my  pussy," she
  said.  
Well, I'd heard enough of this crap. I kicked Victoria out of my house. As
  she was leaving she said, "When you're ready to orgasm I'll be at my house;
  but you're going to pay for treating me like this!"  
It's been a week since I talked to Victoria. When we talked last I thought
  she was crazy. But after all of that talk about hypnosis, I'm beginning to
  think there might be more to it than just being tired. I haven't been able
  to cum and it's not from lack of trying. I masturbate three or four times a
  day. The frustration has grown to the point that I cry every time I masturbate,
  when I can't cum; I just can't seem to orgasm. It's like it's right there,
  but it never happens. I can't believe I'm going to go to her house, but I need
  relief, and I'm willing to try anything. I want to find out if she really did
  something to me.  
On the drive over to her house I began to think 'this is a stupid idea'.
  She couldn't have hypnotized me like that, could she? If she did, what was
  she going to make me do? This whole thing didn't make a lot of sense to me.
  Why would she want to do this anyways--why? I was thinking about her doing
  this to me. What if she did? I was getting mad thinking about it. The closer
  I got to Victoria's house, the madder I got.  
I finely arrived at Victoria's house. Before I could knock on her door she
  opened it. Victoria was standing there with a smirk on her face and said, "Well,
  well, well--looks like Kelly's little lesbian pussy is calling the shots now."  
"Ok, what did you do to me?" I asked angrily.  
Victoria said, "How rude!" as she slammed the door in my face. I was stunned;
  I didn't expect her to do that. So, I knocked on the door again. "What?" is
  all Victoria said.  
"You better change me back," I tell her.  
"No," was her only response.  
"I'll go to the police!" I shouted though the door.  
"And tell them what exactly? That you were hypnotized and can't orgasm now?
  You know they'll just laugh at you. They have more important thing to do than
  listen to a crazy woman, don't you think?" Victoria asked sarcastically.  
"Please stop doing this to me," I begged, on the verge of tears.  
"What was that? Did 'please' just come out of your mouth?" she asked.  
"Yes," was all I could manage.  
"Well, now all I need is an 'I'm sorry' and I might let you in," Victoria
  said.  
"I'm sorry, please let me in so we can talk," I said. As the door opened,
  Victoria said, "You can come in, but any more rudeness and you will leave.
  I won't let you come back for a long time. What would your little lesbian pussy
  think of that?"  
"Don't talk to me like that," I said sharply.  
"That was very close to rude. I will talk to you any way I like! I'm in charge
  here," she said.  
"Okay, okay, I'm sorry. Just change me back to normal," I said.  
"I don't want to, and even if I did, I can't. What's done is done." Victoria
  replied.  
"What did you do to me?" I asked, not sure I really wanted to hear the answer.  
"For the last couple of weeks I've been hypnotizing your pussy, so to speak--to
  be horny, but to only be able to orgasm when it rubs against my pussy." Victoria
  said. "The reason I say I hypnotized 'your pussy' and not you is because you  are
  still the same. Straight-girl Kelly, who doesn't like girls, now has a nasty
  little slit between her legs that will only be able to get off when it kisses
  another pussy. I like that idea, don't you?"  
"No," I said.  
"The question was rhetorical, but the more you tell me you don't like girls
  the better. Knowing that your pussy will only respond to another pussy makes
  me hot," she said.  
"I don't care what makes you hot, or gets you off, or..." I said.  
"You better start caring, or I won't let that little dyke pussy of yours
  kiss mine or get off to relieve all that frustration of yours." Victoria said.  
"I don't believe you! You can't do this to a person," I told her.  
"Well, the only way to find out is to rub your pussy against mine, isn't
  it?" she said.  
"I don't know," I said, hesitatingly.  
"Take off your pants and panties, and you can find out real quick if I'm
  right or wrong," she said.  
"Ok, but when this doesn't work I want you to undo whatever you did to me," I
  said, as I was peeling off my panties.  
Victoria had me lay on the floor with my hips on top of a pillow so my crotch
  was propped up in the air. She than stepped between my legs and slowly brought
  her pussy with in an inch of mine. This was making me very uncomfortable, being
  naked in front of her while she stood above me with her pussy inches away from
  mine. This is the stupidest thing I had ever heard of, or done. I couldn't
  believe I was doing this. I almost stood up when she asked me, "Are you ready
  for the best feeling you've ever had in your pussy?"  
"Yes, just get this over with," I told her.  
When her pussy touched mine, it was like nothing I had ever felt before.
  It was the most wonderful feeling I have ever felt. I was in heaven and at
  the same time I was sick to my stomach, because I knew she was telling the
  truth. The only way I was going to cum was if my pussy was rubbing hers.  
Suddenly, like that, she stepped away. I was in agony--I hadn't cum yet!
  My pussy wanted more. I wanted to cry--I knew I needed more because my pussy
  was in charge now, my lesbian pussy was in charge! I was so over-heated from
  the last two weeks I knew I would do any thing she told me to, just to be able
  to cum.  
"More, please--I need more," I said.  
"If you want more you will have to work for it," Victoria told me with a
  smile on her face. I knew this wasn't going to be easy. She pulled a chair
  in front of her full-length mirror and told my to strip all the way. I didn't
  want to, but there wasn't anything I could do--I needed  to
  cum. While I was taking off my clothes, she got out a dildo.  
"I want you to sit in that chair and watch yourself masturbate," she said.  
"Don't make me do this," I pleaded with her.  
"Do you want to cum or not?" she asked. I slowly sat down and started playing
  with myself.  
"Open your legs wide, bitch. I want to see that cute little pussy of yours," she
  said. I opened my legs wide for her amusement. It was so humiliating I was
  shaking.  
"Here, use this dildo. "Victoria told me. I took the dildo and rubbed it
  on my pussy.  
"No, fuck yourself with it," she said. I couldn't believe I was going to
  fuck myself in front of this sick woman, but I did. I had to. I closed my eyes
  and tried to think of anything else while she made me do this.  
"Look at that nasty, wet pussy of yours" she said. I looked between my legs
  in the mirror and saw my pussy was really red and puffy. My pussy was so wet
  it was actually leaking out of me onto the chair. I wanted to cry. I realized
  I wasn't going to cum this way. So did Victoria; she just wanted me to humiliate
  myself for her, and I had.  
"Fuck yourself harder, ream that cunt out bitch," she said, and I did. I
  started to cry again.  
"Yeah, that's it whore. Fuck that pussy--fuck that pussy like it has never
  been fucked before," she said. I did--I was fucking myself so hard it hurt.
  The dildo was a blur as I pounded my pussy. There was a puddle of pussy juice
  on the chair now.  
"Are you watching yourself in the mirror, bitch?" she asked.  
"Yes," I said between sobs.  
"Watch that pussy. Look at that nasty, drooling cunt between your thighs.
  See how it's oozing juice out? It's getting all over the place! I don't think
  I've ever seen a pussy leak so much juice before, have you?" she asked. "No," is
  all I could choke out.  
"Is your cunt a nasty cunt?" she asked. "Yes," I told her.  
"No, I want you to look right at it and say it." Victoria said. So I looked
  directly at my poor abused pussy in the mirror and said, "My cunt is a nasty
  cunt."  
"That's better! So&hellip;cum. Let that nasty pussy of yours cum all over
  that dildo," she said.  
"I can't cum," I said, crying and looking at my pussy in the mirror.  
"Why not?" she asked.  
"Because my pussy needs to rub against your pussy," I said.  
"Your what? I wouldn't call what is between your legs a pussy. Look at it,
  leaking juice like a faucet. No, that's not a pussy," she said. I knew what
  she wanted me to say, but it was so hard.  
"My nasty, leaky cunt needs to rub against your pussy to cum," I said, choking
  out the words.  
"And why is that?" she asked.  
"Because my pussy is a nasty, leaky, dyke cunt," I said.  
"That's right, and that nasty cunt need to kiss my sweet little pussy to
  cum doesn't it?" she said.  
"Yes, my dyke cunt needs to kiss your pussy to cum," I said.  
"Because your nasty dyke cunt is in love with my pussy, isn't it?" Victoria
  pressed. I was still crying and fucking myself hard with the dildo. I still
  couldn't cum. I had to say all of these nasty things for her. She had control
  of my pussy and my pussy had control of me.  
"Yes, my nasty dyke cunt is in love with your pussy," I told her.  
"Ok, stop fucking your dyke cunt. That's a dildo not a pussy, so it's not
  going to make that cunt of yours cum, is it?" she said. "No," I said as I pulled
  out the dildo. It made a plopping sound when it came out of my pussy. "Well,
  don't just sit there. Clean all your nasty cunt juice off of my dildo, bitch," Victoria
  said. I got up to go wash it off in the bathroom. She stopped me midway there
  and said, "Use your mouth to clean your nasty juices off." It was hard, but
  I started to lick my juices off the dildo.  
I had never tasted myself before. It didn't taste like I thought it would.
  Well, I don't know what I thought it would taste like, but it wasn't as bad
  as I thought it would be--a little salty but not unpleasant. Wait, what am
  I saying. I should be grossed out, shouldn't I? I don't know; I'm getting so
  confused. While I was doing, that she climbed onto her bed and said, "If I'm
  going to let your nasty dyke cunt have sex with my pussy, I want your straight
  mouth to have sex with it first. Got it bitch?"  
I looked at her with tears in my eyes, and I begged, "Please, don't make
  me do this." As she spread her legs she smiled at me and said, "You'll get
  use to being a slave to your nasty cunt. I think your dyke cunt already likes
  being a slave to my pussy, doesn't it?" "Yes," I said, lowering my eyes. I
  couldn't stand to look at her. "Look at me and say it," she said forcefully.
  I looked at her and said, "My dirty dyke cunt likes being a slave to your pussy." It
  was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. I knew it was just the beginning
  of a lot of things I was going to have to do that would be very hard for me.  
"Very good. Now, if that dyke cunt of yours wants to cum, it better get you
  over here on your hands and knees, so that straight little mouth of yours can
  fuck my pussy and make me cum. You got that bitch?" Victoria asked. I said, "Yes" as
  I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled over between her legs.  
I didn't want to do this. I've never licked a woman's pussy before--I've
  never wanted to lick a woman's pussy before. As I put my mouth on her sex she
  said, "That's right whore, I want you to fuck my pussy with your cute little
  straight face. I want to cum all over it, so when I let your nasty dyke cunt
  have sex with my pussy I can look at that straight face with my pussy cum all
  over it. Knowing that while your cunt is getting off, all you can smell is
  my sweet pussy." I started licking faster, hoping to get her off quicker so
  she would just shut up. This was the first time I tasted another woman, but
  at least I had some idea what she would taste like now, after tasting myself.
  She tasted similar to me, but I think she tasted a little more pleasant. I
  can't believe I thought that. No, I told myself--this is gross. She tastes
  gross. It was bad enough that I had to do this, but the way she talked to me,
  and made me talk, was more humiliating than anything that has ever happened
  to me. I can't believe I thought she tasted pleasant.  
"Slow down a little, bitch. We've got a lot of time. I've got my very own
  straight girl to be my cunt-licking whore. Oh, that feels good. Look at me
  and tell me what you are," she said. I looked up at her with her pussy juice
  all over my face and said, "I'm your cunt licking whore," with tears in my
  eyes.  
She gyrated her hips up and towards me and said, "Suck that pussy bitch."  
I put my mouth over her whole pussy and started sucking as hard as I could.  
"Oh, that's right bitch. You'll be doing this a lot. You never know when
  you might start to like being my cunt-sucking whore," Victoria crowed. I don't
  think so, I thought. "You will be doing this whenever and wherever I want--do
  you understand that slut?" she said. "Yes," I said into her pussy. "No bitch,
  say it," she said.  
"I will suck your pussy when- and wherever you tell me to," I muttered.  
"And why is that?" she asked.  
"Because I'm you're cunt-sucking slut," I answered.  
"That's right, bitch," she said as she ground her hips into my face.  
She started bucking her hips into my face faster and harder. Grinding her
  pussy into my mouth. The whole time screaming, "I'm fucking your face. I'm
  fucking your face!" over and over. "Straight-girl Kelly's got a mouth full
  of pussy!" she said as she ground. "Straight-girl Kelly is my personal cunt-sucking
  bitch! Come on bitch--make me cum all over your pretty straight face," she
  said. I was crying and sucking as hard as I could, trying to get her to cum
  as fast as I could.  
"Yeah slut, I'm going to cum, "she screamed out, bucking harder. Every time
  her pussy smashed into my face she would say, "Suck my cum, suck my cum" over
  and over until she finally came down from her orgasm.  
"Whew, that was good! You are one of the best cuntsuckers I have ever had.
  I can't wait for a couple of months, after you've had some practice at it.
  You'll be the best cuntsucker in this town. I might even let my friends borrow
  that mouth of yours. Just imagine, my little straight girl Kelly being prostituted
  out as a cuntsucker to all the lesbians in town. Won't that be nice bitch?" Victoria
  said. "Yeah," I said with tears in my eyes. "Tell me you would love it slut," she
  said.  
"I would love to be prostituted out as your cunt-sucking whore to all the
  lesbians in town," I said. "Yeah, I bet you would. And every time you did,
  you would come back to me with that nasty dyke cunt of yours dripping down
  your thighs, showing me how horny it is for my pussy," she said.  
"Does your sick little dyke cunt want to cum?" she asked me in a little girl
  voice.  
"Yes my sick little dyke cunt wants to cum," I answered.  
"Well, I'm not moving--if that nasty dyke cunt of yours wants to cum you
  will have to rub it against my sweet little pussy. I want you to face me while
  you do it. I want to watch 'straight' Kelly cum while rubbing her cunt against
  a pussy with girl cum all over her face," she said. I positioned myself on
  top of her so our legs interlocked and my pussy was rubbing right against hers.
  She was looking directly into my eyes. When our pussies touched I gasped, it
  felt so good. I wanted to cry. How could she do this to me? I started to grind
  my pussy into hers and it felt wonderful. I started to moan.  
She smiled at me and said, "It feels good, doesn't it?" I said, "Yes".  
"What feels good, straight-girl Kelly?" Victoria asked.  
"My cunt rubbing against your pussy," I said in a moan.  
"And why is that, bitch?" she asked.  
With tears in my eyes I answered, "Because my cunt is a nasty little dyke
  that is in love with your pussy."  
"That's right bitch," she said as she pinched and pulled on my nipples.  
She was pinching and pulling on my nipples hard now and she asked, "Are you
  getting close to cumming, whore?" "Yes," I answered.  
"Do you smell my pussy all over your face, slut?" Victoria demanded.  
"Yes" was all I could say. My brain was overloading on all the pleasure my
  pussy was getting.  
"Is straight-girl Kelly going to cum, rubbing her nasty cunt against a pussy,
  and smelling girl cum all over her face?" she asked. I knew I had to answer
  her.  
"Yes!" I screamed, grinding my pussy against hers as hard as I could.  
"Cum bitch! Let that nasty dyke whore cunt of yours cum all over my pussy," she
  said as she twisted and pulled my nipples so hard I thought they were going
  to come off.  
"Cum for me bitch--cum for me, knowing that this is the only way you will
  ever cum again, whore. Cum knowing you will be my cunt-sucking slut for a long
  time," Victoria said, while she pulled my nipples as hard as she could with
  a nasty smile on her face.  
"Cum for me, straight-girl Kelly. Cum for another woman. Cum for a pussy.
  No more cock for straight-girl Kelly. It's pussy from now on," she said, taunting
  me. I was crying and grinding into her pussy; feeling more humiliation and
  more pleasure than I ever have.  
"Cum bitch, knowing that that nasty little gash between your legs will be
  slobbering all over itself when ever you see a pussy, or even hear the word
  pussy," she taunted, laughing and twisting my nipples hard. I was moaning loader
  now.  
"That's right bitch, your nasty dyke cunt loves kissing my pussy. It's opening
  up, trying to suck my cute little pussy inside of it. I can feel it," she said.  
"Are you going to cum bitch?" Victoria asked.  
"Yes!" I cried out, on the verge of orgasm.  
"Do you smell my pussy, whore?" she asked  
"Yes, I smell your pussy," I answered.  
"When you start to cum I want you to tell me you are cumming while smelling
  my girl cum all over you face," Victoria said. I was grinding my pussy against
  hers as hard as I could and she was pinching, twisting and pulling on my nipples
  as hard as she could. It was painful--but also the most pleasure I have ever
  felt. I was in heaven and hell at the same time. It felt so good I loved it,
  but all that pleasure was coming from a pussy--not a cock, a pussy. I hated
  it. A woman's pussy was giving me more pleasure than I have ever had. I'm not
  a lesbian and she knew it. Victoria was laughing and smiling like she knew
  what I was thinking. Victoria knew I wasn't a lesbian but I was getting off
  harder than I ever had on her pussy, and she loved it. My orgasm started to
  overtake me. I was moaning louder, and jerking my pussy into hers. I could
  feel my pussy trying to suck hers into me.  
"Are you cumming?" she asked knowingly.  
"Yes! I'm cumming while I smell your girl cum all over my face!" I screamed
  as the strongest orgasm I've ever had plowed through my body.  
"Take a deep breath. Smell my girl cum while you cum, whore," she said. I
  started breathing deeply, my nostrils and lungs permeated by the smell of her
  cum. I could almost taste it.  
"That's right bitch, the only way straight-girl Kelly is going to orgasm
  is if she is smelling girl cum. You'll get used to it. Soon you won't be able
  to cum without smelling pussy," she said.  
I was bucking wildly against her pussy, screaming and crying. It was the
  best orgasm of my life and I hated it. It was the most intense orgasm I have
  ever had. The pleasure from it was incredible. It was so strong I blacked out
  for a couple of minutes. When I came around she was smiling at me. Tears started
  to form in my eyes.  
"Now get that straight-girl mouth of yours on my pussy, and clean all of
  that nasty, disgusting dyke cunt cum off of it, whore," she said. I crawled
  between her legs.  
"And cover that nasty hole of yours with one of your hands. I don't want
  it leaking that gross dyke juice on my bed," Victoria continued.  
When I covered my pussy I couldn't believe how wet and open it was--it felt
  nasty. I was glad she didn't make me look at it or show it to her. I licked
  her pussy and cleaned my cum off of it. Every time I licked my pussy would
  spasm on my hand and leak out more juice. Like it was trying to lick her pussy
  too, or say thank you to Victoria's pussy for letting it cum.  
While I was cleaning my cum off of her pussy she said, "Well, that finalizes
  it. Those hypnotic suggestions probably wouldn't have stuck, but I put a reinforcement
  lock in too. It was activated when you orgasmed on my pussy. You might as well
  through away any dildos and vibrators you have. None of those things is going
  to do a thing for that slit between your legs. The only thing that nasty cunt
  between your legs wants now is pussy. So you better get use to being my cunt-slurping
  bitch. You got that slut?" I started to cry. I knew she was right, and I couldn't
  do any thing about it.  
"Is my sweet little pussy clean, bitch?" she asked. By then I knew how she
  wanted me to answer her, so I said, "Yes, your sweet little pussy doesn't have
  any of my nasty dyke cunt juice on it." "Good. See, you are learning. Now,
  stand up and spread your legs, but keep that nasty gross slit of yours covered
  with your hand," Victoria told me.  
It was hard to roll over and get out of her bed with out using one of my
  hands, but I did it. I was standing in front of this woman I hated, naked,
  with my legs spread wide and my hand covering my pussy waiting for her next
  order.  
"Now, keep your hand cupped but take it away from your cunt," she said. As
  I took my hand away from my pussy I could hear some of my juices dropping on
  the floor. I couldn't believe I was that wet.  
"Look at your hand bitch," she said. My hand actually had a pool of my juices
  in it.  
"Look at how much that nasty dyke cunt of yours loves my pussy. It gets that  wet
  when all you do is clean my pussy, knowing I'm not going to let it cum again
  tonight. Drink that gross dyke juice up, bitch," Victoria told me. I brought
  my hand to my mouth and drank my juices and started crying again.  
"Yea bitch, you better get use to pussy juice and girl cum, because you will
  be drinking a lot of it from now on," she said.  
When I left she said, "When that nasty little hole between your thighs needs
  to cum again, you'll know where to find me. Be prepared for more humiliation--I
  love doing that to you." I drove away crying, trying to figure out what I was
  going to do and knowing what I was going to do.  
Be Victoria's little straight girl; forced to be her cuntsucker by the nasty
  dyke pussy between my thighs.  
It's been two weeks since I've had an orgasm, and I'm starting to get desperate.
  I know what I have to do , but I don't want to. I've delayed the inevitable,
  but I can't delay it any longer. I call Victoria on the phone.  
"What do you want?" she asked.  
"I need to talk to you about something," I said.  
"I think you want more than to talk, don't you?" Victoria said. "Tell me
  exactly what you want. And maybe. I will help you, depending on how you ask
  it."  
I had no choice. She was going to force me to degrade myself for her amusement.
  I said, "My nasty dyke cunt wants to have sex with your sweet little pussy
  so she can cum."  
"You seem to be learning your place quite well," Victoria said. "You can
  come over today at 11:00. Don't be late or there's no pussy for straight girl
  Kelly. Oh, and shave that nasty slit of yours. I want to see it drooling all
  over itself for me pussy."  
The kids were at school, so I went directly into the bathroom after I got
  off the phone with Victoria. I was very nervous about shaving my pubic hair
  off. I had never done any thing like that before. All kinds of things were
  running though my head. Why does she make me do these things?  
I lathered up my mound and got the razor. I was shaking so bad I thought
  I might cut myself. When the razor touched my skin it sent a jolt through my
  body that ended right in the center of my humiliation, my pleasure. As I watched
  my pussy become smooth I could see it leaking its arousal.  
I hated this, yet part of me was clearly enjoying it. This made my face redden
  with humiliation. How did she do this to me? When I was finished I looked at
  myself in the mirror. I looked like an embarrassed school girl. My pussy was
  smooth and my face was red. At the same time I looked like a wanton slut with
  juices leaking down my thigh. I got dressed and headed out the door.  
On the drive to Victoria's house I could feel my pussy becoming wetter the
  closer I got. This did two things. It humiliated me. Which in turn made me
  angry. Anger that my pussy would make me swallow. I knew there was no way I
  would lash out at Victoria. Not if I wanted to cum. Not if I wanted relief
  from my constant state of horniness.  
The first thing she made me do was a striptease for her until I was naked.
  I've never striped before. I din't know what to do. This was so humiliating.
  I knew I must have looked like a fish out of water. She probably liked the
  way I looked. I geyrated my hips and squesed my brests. Itryed to look sexy.
  I wanted to cry.  
The whole time she was taunting me saying things like,  
" How does it feel to be stripping for a girl, just so you can get to her
  pussy straight girl Kelly? Pretty soon you won't be straight girl Kelly any
  more. You will be queer girl Kelly."  
When I was finally naked she had me dance around a little more.  
"Now bitch , spread your legs so I can look at that disgusting slit of yours," Victoria
  said.  
When I spread my legs I could feel a cool rush from the air hitting my pussy.
  My lips were opening up with juice all over them.  
Victoria said , "Oh, look at that. That sick hole of yours is opening up
  for me to look at. That dyke gash of yours loves to be humiliated."  
I was shaking and wanted to cry but I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction  
"Look at it. It's so gross. It's got dyke juice all over the place. It's
  running down your thighs and there's strands of cum going from lip to lip.
  It's slobbering all over itself just at the possibility of getting close to
  my pussy.".  
I couldn't help myself I started to cry. Her taunting was too much.  
She saw me crying and with a smile on her face said, " There, there, straight
  girl Kelly it's okay. I just turned your nice little pussy into a gross disgusting
  dyke cunt, and I love knowing that I have changed that nasty hole of yours
  forever."  
She got up and put two chairs face to face. I was dreading what she had planed.
  I knew it will be full of humiliation for me. As she walked to her bedroom
  Victoria said, " Sit down and spread your legs as wide as you can. So that
  nasty dyke gash of yours will open up and put herself on display for me."  
I sat down I spread my legs as wide as I could and looked at my pussy. Victoria
  was right it opened right up just like she said it would. It was red and very
  swollen. My lips opened up and you could see arousal all over them. It was
  wetter than it has ever been. I started to cry again, she had turned my nice
  little pussy into a nasty gross dyke cunt that would worship her pussy forever.
  Now I would have to worship her pussy because my pussy was in control of me.  
When she came back she had two dildos in her hands. She looked directly at
  my pussy and said, "Oh, look at that, isn't that nice. I've got my very own
  nasty dyke cunt in heat lusting after my pussy. I've never seen a cunt that
  wet before and it's wet for my pussy. I love knowing that I have turned a straight
  girl's pussy into a pussy loving dyke cunt that can't get enough pussy."  
I sat in that chair with my legs spread as wide as I could. With my pussy
  on display for her and tears in my eyes. She loved every minute of my humiliation
  and I knew it had just started. She was smiling at me and said, "I want you
  to rub your cunt while I undress, whore." When I touched my pussy it sent a
  jolt through my body. It disgusted me I wanted to throw up. My pussy wanted
  to be her pussy's little bitch and it was permanent. I started to cry again.
  This just spurred her on.  
"What's wrong straight girl Kelly?" Victoriea sneered. "Does that nasty dyke
  slit of yours like watching me undress?"  
"Yes," I admitted, my fingers strumming my clit.  
When she was finished undressing she sat down in the chair in front of me.
  She is in her early 30'. Very small 5'2&quot; or 3&quot;. Blond sholder lenght
  hair. Soft blue eyes that can turn hard and pearce to your soul. Nice brests
  C'. Very pretty. Why do I feel drawn to her? She picked up the two dildos. "One
  for me," she said. "And one for you.". However, hers was only the size of an
  average cock. The one she handed me was a monster. It was twelve to fourteen
  inches long and as big around as my wrist. I started rubbing it against my
  pussy, no way could it fit inside me. I would be ruined.  
Victoria looked into my eyes and said, " No, fuck that dirty gash of yours,
  bitch."  
"I can't."  
"Do it bitch."  
I tried to push the monster inside of me. I was very wet but the dildo was
  a lot larger than anything I have ever had in my pussy. It just didn't fit.
  I was pushing hard and it hurt a lot.  
"Ram that cock in there," Victoria said. Her eyes were like laser beams,
  locked on my pussy. "Show that dirty dyke cunt what it's supposed to be used
  for. It's supposed to be for cock not pussy, isn't it slut."  
"Oh God, yes!" I screamed in pain, finally forcing the head into my opening. "My
  dirty dyke cunt is supposed to be for cock not pussy." With one final grunt
  and push I got it to go in. My pussy was stretched full - stretched to the
  limit.  
Victoria looked at me with a smile on her face and said, "Yeah bitch, stretch
  that cunt out. Make it feel good."  
Victoria was busy playing with her pussy while watching me ruin mine by stretching
  it out too far. I started pumping the dildo in and out. Every time it came
  out it was wetter and wetter. The pain started to subside and pleasure came
  creeping in. We were both moaning now.  
"Oh yessss, this feels good straight girl Kelly," Victoria said. "Does it
  feel good to be fucking yourself while watching another girl masturbate?"  
"Yes," I moaned.  
"Yes what, bitch?" she said.  
"Yes, it feels good to fuck myself while I watch you masturbate." I was panting
  now. Panting like a dog. Her dog.  
She was building close to orgasm as was I.  
"That dirty cunt of yours looks so good being stretched out," she sneered. "Maybe
  that's all it needed. Maybe you will be able to cum with your nasty whole all
  filled and stretched out."  
I was moaning and panting louder. Maybe she was right. Maybe that was all
  my pussy needed. A big cock, not a girl's pussy, would be enough to make me
  come.  
"I think you will be able to cum," she said. "From a cock. Just like a straight
  girl should."  
I was almost there. The pleasure was rippling through my body. I was shaking
  uncontrollably.  
"Are you going to cum?" Victoria moaned. "Is straight girl Kelly going to
  orgasm with a cock jammed all the way up inside of her cunt?&quot;  
I screamed "YESSS" as loud as I could. Just as I thought I was going to cum
  it went away a little and stayed at that level. I fucked myself harder &ndash; trying
  to recapture the moment. However, the harder I tried to catch my elusive orgasm,
  the further it ran from my reach.  
"I can't cum, I can't cum," I cried. Tears fell freely from my eyes.  
With my admission, Victoria started bucking wildly on her dildo saying, "Kelly
  I'm cumming all over a cock. Like you used to but can't because you've got
  a pussy hungry dyke cunt between your legs. Ohhh Yeaaah, this feels good. Knowing
  you can't cum pushed me over the edge. I love knowing straight girl Kelly can
  only cum when she has another pussy between her legs. I made you that way.
  I made my very own dyke whore that will do every thing I say out of a straight
  girl." She slowed down as her passion subsided.  
I was crying uncontrollably now in my frustration fucking myself hard.  
"Oh yeah baby, oh yeah, my little dyke slut," Victoria said. "Ram that dildo
  into your dirty cunt while you cry," and she started cumming again. When she
  calmed down she brought her dildo to my mouth and said, "Here clean my cum
  off of this cock while you fuck yourself, bitch."  
She was pumping the dildo into my mouth while she pinched my nipples and
  said, " Pretty soon you will be used to girl cum," as she twisted my nipple
  painfully hard. She told me to stop fucking myself. I pulled the dildo out.
  When she saw me do that Victoria said, "Put that cock back in that dirty dyke
  cunt of yours. I told you to stop fucking it, not to take the cock out,"  
Victoria handed me my panties and said " Put these back on with that cock
  inside of you," I pulled up my panties with a puzzled look on my face. The
  panties held the dildo tightly inside of me.  
She patted my panty covered crotch and in a little girl voice said "There,
  now the dyke is all nice and filled up," and giggled at me. Victoria handed
  me her panties and said "I'm satisfied tonight so the only thing you get is
  my panties. You need to go home and fuck that nasty dyke cunt of yours all
  night with that cock while you smell my panties. When you come back tomorrow
  I will check to make sure your face smells like my pussy.  
I began putting on my clothes while crying and pleading with her to let me
  cum. "Please let me come. I need it. Oh God, I will eat your pussy and let
  you do anything with me you want," I bawled.  
"You will eat my pussy and I can do anything I want already," she said. "You
  are my dyke slut slave, my fuck doll. You are a sex toy that's all. Just like
  a dildo - nothing more. I used you to get off and tonight I got off watching
  you fuck yourself knowing you can't cum. I made you that way. I made it so
  all the things that used to get you off won't anymore. Only my pussy will get
  you off."  
She opened the door and said " Now go home and fuck that nasty cunt of yours
  while you smell my panties and don't wash your cunt. Be here tomorrow at noon."  
I left crying. Once in the car, I threw her panties on the passenger seat
  and sat down slowly because of the dildo inside of me. On the ride home I got
  curious and picked up her panties. I brought them to my nose and smelled them.
  Instantly my pussy started gushing liquid out of me. I couldn't help myself
  I pulled the car over and started playing with myself. I was rubbing my hand
  hard into my pussy pushing the dildo in deeper. It felt so good I kept rubbing
  and pushing the dildo hard into me. I wanted more. I started playing with my
  nipples. My hips were bucking as I fucked myself with the cock. I pinched one
  of my nipples and it sent a jolt right to my pussy. I humped forward while
  I inhaled deeply into Victoria's panties. I was so close to orgasm. Than I
  realized what I was doing. I was fucking myself with another woman's dildo
  while I smelled her panties and was hotter than I had ever been in my life.
  I started to cry and threw the panties down. I drove home in tears.  
The rest of the evening was spent in frustrating agony. Oh, how I wanted
  to orgasm. I kept wondering how much the dildo was stretching me out. Then
  reality hit me while I was cooking dinner. One of my kids asked me if I hurt
  myself, because I was walking funny. I could feel my face get very hot. It
  took everything I had not to start crying right there in front of my children.
  The rest of the night I made a big effort not look like there was something
  wrong in front of my kids. That just added to my humiliation.  
As I lay down for the night, I realized I left Victoria's panties in my car.
  I started to cry because I wanted to go out to my car and get them. I couldn't
  believe I wanedt to play with myself while I smell a girl's panties knowing
  I can't cum. How was she able to do this to me? I hated her and at the same
  time I want to smell her panties. I went to my car and got them.  
Before I got back into my house I already had them against my nose inhaling
  deeply. Immediately my pussy started leaking around the dildo, down my thighs.
  I was crying again I was turning into her pussy girl and knew I couldn't do
  any thing about it. I laid down with her panties in my face and my hands between
  my thighs. My pussy loved every minute of it. I rubbed and fucked it for about
  an hour the whole time smelling her panties. I couldn't stop myself my pussy
  felt so good. It kept spurring me on.  
I tried to take the panties away from my nose but the pleasure in my pussy
  would disappear. I started crying more, I knew the only way I would be able
  to cum now is while I smelled pussy. I started fucking myself harder, while
  inhaling deeply into her panties. I was in heaven. My pussy wanted more and
  I wanted to give it more. I licked her panties while I rammed the cock into
  my pussy. I fucked myself hard while I pinched and twisted my nipples. Smelling
  and licking her panties the whole time. If I could do this forever I would.
  It felt so good. Nevertheless, I couldn't quite cum. I kept thinking about
  it and than a strange thing happened. It started turning me on. Me, not my
  pussy. Victoria was able to turn me, a straight girl that has never even thought
  of kissing let alone have sex with a woman, into her little pussy girl. A sex
  toy. I was so hot and turned on thinking about us masturbating. She could cum
  any time she wanted but I could only cum if she let me. I was almost there.
  She had taken away my ability to cum without her letting me. She could use
  me any way she liked and I loved it. I loved having to do every thing she wanted.
  I loved having a nasty gross dyke cunt between my legs, and I loved her for
  making me this way.  
I pulled the dildo out of my dirty dyke cunt and sucked all of my nasty dyke
  juice off. I know she would like that. I put her cock back in me and pulled
  up my panties. I went to sleep with her panties under my nose hoping to dream
  of her pussy.  
The next day when I drove over to Victoria's house my dirty dyke cunt was
  full of her cock. My nose was in her panties and I was leaking nasty dyke cunt
  juice all over the seat of my car. I loved every second of it. My car smelled
  like nasty dyke cunt. It was strong because she wouldn't let me wash it after
  every thing we did yesterday. I arrived at her house and knocked on the door.
  My pussy was so excited, my juices ran all the way down to my ankles.  
Victoria answered the door and said, " Ohhhh, look at you. Isn't that precious?
  You are leaking dyke juice all the way down your legs. Do you want my pussy
  straight girl Kelly?"  
Her words made my pussy spasm. They still humiliated me but it made me even
  hotter.  
"YES" I said while walking in to her house, "I want your pussy."  
"I know," she said with a smile. When we got to her bed she said, " You know
  what to do bitch," I stripped and spread my legs for her she said " Very good
  whore," . While she was looking at me the dildo started sliding out.  
Victoria said, "Oops, looks like that tight cunt of yours isn't so tight
  any more." Her words were turning me on and I started to gyrate my hips. I
  reached down to push it back in.  
"No," she said, stopping me. "Let it fall out that cunt. It wasn't made for
  cock anyway. It was made for pleasing pussy."  
A jolt of pleasure shot through my body with her words. My nipples were hard
  as rocks. She was right. My cunt and mouth were made for pleasing pussy. She
  picked up the dildo and smelled it.  
She said "Whew, that cunt of yours is ripe isn't it, bitch. It smells nasty,
  a nasty smelling cunt for a nasty dyke whore," Her words were cutting right
  to the center of my pleasure. I wanted to throw her down and fuck her right
  now. She brought the dildo to my mouth and  
said " Suck that nasty dyke cunt juice off ."  
I opened my mouth. It was too big to fit inside, so I licked and sucked at
  the dildo, cleaning it with my tongue and my face.  
"Yeah bitch, show me what you are good for, sucking up that cunt juice. Do
  you love it? Do you love cunt cream and girl cum?"  
I started pinching my nipples and nodding my head yes.  
 Victoria sat down on the edge of her bed. She spread her legs and hiked
  up her skirt.  
"Come over here and show me what else that mouth of yours is good for pussy
  girl Kelly," she sneered.  
I was too far gone to care, and quickly scrambled over between her legs as
  fast as I could. I put my mouth on her pussy and started sucking right away.  
"You love my pussy don't you?" she said.  
I just grunted in her pussy and sucked harder. She started to grind into
  me face and said " Yeah bitch, you love my pussy. You love being my pussy girl
  slut. Don't you whore," I just kept sucking. She grabbed me by my hair and
  pulled me away from her pussy and said "Tell me bitch,". I had pussy cream
  dribbling off of my chin.  
I said " I love being your pussy girl slut."  
"Are you straight girl Kelly?" Victoria asked.  
I answered " No, I'm your pussy girl dyke slut that can't get enough girl
  cum."  
"I know bitch," she sneered"I made you that way and I took away you ability
  to cum. Does that excite you pussy girl Kelly?"  
"Yes, it makes me hot to think about you turning me into a dyke slut that
  can't cum unless you let me." And it was true.  
She pulled my face back into her pussy and said "Good, keep fucking my sweet
  pussy with that dyke mouth of yours pussy girl Kelly. Just think -- I may not
  let you cum today. I may not let you cum ever again."  
With those words my cunt actually squirted juice out. I didn't cum but I
  shot juice all over her bed. I couldn't believe how excited I was that I couldn't
  orgasm unless another woman let me. I loved knowing another woman controlled
  my orgasms. She could keep mey this excited forever if she wanted. Whereever
  I went my cunt would be squirting juice all over itself and me. I wouldn't
  be able to hide that I was a nasty dyke in heat.  
Victoria started bucking into my face hard and said " I'm going to cum in
  your mouth bitch. Do you want my cum, whore?"  
In between sucks I screamed " Yessss, I want your cum. Cum in your nasty
  pussy girl's mouth,"  
And she did just that.  
"Fuck, this is so fucking hot," she cried. "I can cum all I want &ndash; anytime
  I want. And you only cum when I say."  
As soon as she started to cum my pussy started to squirting all over the
  place again. I couldn't cum but my cunt was squirting everywhere. Uncontrollably.
  I was hotter than I have ever been.  
When she calmed down she had me put my cunt against her pussy. It felt wonderful.
  I was in heaven. She started grinding her pussy against mine. Victoria told
  me to pinch my nipples. I pinched and twisted them while pulling them away
  from my chest and letting them snap back.  
It felt different this time my pussy was stretched out by her cock all night.
  It almost felt like her pussy was inside my cunt. The thought of that made
  me even hotter.  
She said " Ohhhh, yeaaaaah, bitch, you cunt is sucking my pussy. It's sucking
  my pussy better than your mouth did. I think that cunt wants my girl cum all
  up inside of it. How does that make you feel, pussy girl Kelly? To have another
  woman's cum inside of your cunt?".  
"It makes me hot. I'm hotter than I've ever been. I want your cum in me.
  Cum in your pussy girl's nasty cunt."  
Victoria said " Yeaaah, bitch, I'm going to cum all over your dyke cunt and
  that nasty gash between your legs is going to suck up all of my cum. It's going
  to clean my sweet pussy and fill you up with girl cum. You want to be full
  of girl cum dont you whore?"  
"YESSSS" I screamed "Yes, fill your nasty dyke slave's cunt with your girl
  cum,"  
"Once I fill you with my girl cum I'm not going to let you orgasm. I don't
  want you squirting it all out. I want you to keep my girl cum inside of your
  gross dyke cunt,"  
"I don't care!" I screamed. "I want you to fill me with your girl cum,"  
"That's my dyke slut," she said between moans. "You don't even care about
  orgasming. You just want to be filled with girl cum."  
She started bucking wildly as she was cumming in my cunt.  
"That's my bitch," she said. "Suck my cum, suck my cum out with your nasty
  cunt," As she recovered from her orgasm she said " I'm so happy I turned straight
  girl Kelly into a girl cum hungry dyke slut. Don't you like being my personal
  cunt sucking dyke slut, Bitch?"  
"Yes, I love being your cunt sucking dyke slut," I answered.  
Victoria said "You're the best pussy girl I've ever had. You make me cum
  better than any of my other girls. Now, stand up and let me see that nasty
  cunt of yours."  
I stood up covering my pussy with my hand. She told me to move my hand. When
  I did her cum started running out of my pussy.  
"Oh, that's so gross you've got another girl's cum dripping out of your cunt,&quot; she
  taunted. "Cover it up and keep all of that girl cum in it."  
That's what I wanted to hear. She knew exactly what to say to get the most
  humiliation out of me. My clit tingled and my nipples swelled with her words.
  I loved everything she said to me. I covered up my cunt and got dressed.  
"Go home and play with that dirty cunt of yours all night," she said. "And
  if you are lucky. Maybe &ndash; just maybe - I'll let you cum tomorrow."  
On my way home I put my hand in my pussy and got her cum allover my fingers.
  I brought them to my face and rubbed some under my nose so I could smell her
  cum all the way home. I sucked her cum off my fingers. I was so happy. Anytime
  I wanted to taste her cum, I could get some out of my cunt. I loved being her
  pussy girl dyke slut and wouldn't change it if I could.  
 THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kelly M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





