BDSM Library - Tomb Raper




Tomb Raper
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of fans turn a film star's fantasy role into a dreadful reality.Tomb Raper  
by Leo9  
Angelina Jolie woke slowly and hazily, trying to understand where she was.
  Her head was thick as if with drugs, she hurt in many places, she tried to
  stir and felt terrifyingly weak...  
&quot;Take it easy,&quot; a man's voice above her said. &quot;You've been
  kept asleep for a long time so you could heal, you'll need to get your strength
  back gradually.&quot;  
Heal? Was she in hospital? She forced her mind back... could remember nothing
  but going to bed one ordinary night, and now this. She opened her eyes with
  difficulty.  
The room and the bed looked as functional and blank as a hospital's, but
  the people standing round the bed didn't look like doctors. Most of them were
  young, and they had a wild-eyed, intense look that scared her. &quot;Who...&quot; she
  croaked with a dry mouth. &quot;Who are you?&quot;  
&quot;We're fans,&quot; said a tough-looking girl. &quot;Lara Croft fans.&quot; Oh
  SHIT, thought Jolie. &quot;We didn't like the way you played her. You weren't
  Lara. So we've put that right... and now you are.&quot;  
Jolie began to get a grip on her hurts. There were sore places all over her
  face, and something in her back, and... &quot;What?&quot; She forced weak arms
  up under the covers to confirm what she felt. Her aching breasts were enormous,
  sitting on her chest as round and hard as two baseballs... Lara Croft tits. &quot;God
  damn you, what have you done?&quot; Fury gave her the strength to sit up and
  start to throw her legs out of the bed, not caring that she was naked under
  the sheet. &quot;I'm going to...&quot;  
One of the men pointed what looked like a plastic toy space pistol at her
  and squeezed the trigger. It made a zapping noise, and suddenly she flopped
  back on the matress, limp as a rag doll. &quot;You'll do as you're told,&quot; he
  said, &quot;and nothing else. You have an implant at the top of your spine
  that gives a taser jolt when it receives a radio signal: we can turn your muscles
  off any time we have to.&quot; Carefully, but firmly, many hands laid her naked
  body out straight on the bed and rolled her onto her front. &quot;And resistance
  will be punished.&quot; He held the heavy wooden paddle before her horrified
  eyes, then went around the bed and started to use it. Jolie's angry protests
  turned to howls as her ass caught fire.  
The next day they set to work to get her back into shape. Some of them were
  obviously professional trainers; they knew exactly how much someone recovering
  from her treatment could do at every stage. Sometimes they worked her hard,
  but she had no choice. There was always at least one guard standing back with
  one of the radio tagging guns that could drop her where she stood, and any
  lack of co-operation meant another paddling. At first she thought the punishment
  was a joke, but after the third spanking of the day on her already tender buns
  she started to take notice: it HURT!  
With strong motivation, and skillful feeding and tending, she mended fast.
  From tottering round the bed, to bends and stretches, to hours of vigorous
  aerobics, she built up her strength. She was very glad that her captors were
  realistic enough to have provided her with a solidly engineered sports bra:
  it would have been impossible to do such workouts with her ridiculously enlarged
  boobs swinging free.  
Once she was fit enough to run, they dressed her in a dreadfully familiar
  grey suit and harness, and opened the door to what they called &quot;the Tomb&quot;.
  She reckoned it must have been built in something the size of a warehouse,
  but she never got a clear idea of its shape because the space was divided into
  hundreds of rooms, passages, tunnels, stairs and shafts on a dozen levels,
  a three-dimensional maze which she had to admit was a pretty good replica of
  a game locus. She exercised around, up and down it from dawn till dusk, running,
  jumping, crawling, climbing, learning where the &quot;secret&quot; entrances
  and tunnels were, which walls could be climbed, which gaps could be swung across.
  She had never been so fit in her life, and it galled her that she couldn't
  use her new strength to break free, but she never had a chance. She learnt
  that every space in the Tomb was wired for video, sound, and, crucially, for
  the radio pulse that turned off her spine: they could see and stop anything
  she might try.  
When she was good enough, they started racing her against the clock. She
  had a set time to get from one part of the Tomb to another, and every second
  over that meant a stroke of the paddle. She learnt to bend over and hold still
  for her punishments, cursing and screaming but not resisting: it was better
  than being dropped helplessly to the floor.  
Then they changed to &quot;hunts&quot;. They would give her a chance to head
  out into the Tomb, then one or more of them would follow with tagging guns.
  She was armed with a laser-tag pistol: every time she tagged one of her pursuers,
  that was one swat deducted from the paddling she would get when they finally
  ran her down. She discovered that the tagging guns were made to give her a
  sporting chance: they shot their signal in a narrow, tight beam, which meant
  that the shooters had to get an acurate bead on her to drop her. Sometimes
  she evaded them for hours, but when she fell exhausted into bed at the end
  of the day she still had a sore butt.  
Then came the day when, coming out of her room after breakfast, she was greeted
  by the whole gang, smiling and excited. &quot;This is it,&quot; one of them
  said, &quot;the real thing. We've got paying customers, so give them a good
  run, Lara!&quot;  
&quot;Customers?&quot; she said blankly.  
&quot;You bet! People who've paid good money to hunt Lara Croft for real.&quot; His
  face hardened as he saw the thought in her eyes. &quot;And yes, they know who
  you are, so don't try asking them for help. It'll upset them, and we don't
  want the paying customers upset.&quot; Her buttocks clenched in reflex fear,
  and she cursed her helplessness. &quot;Now, go, Lara, go!&quot; And she ran.  
She had grown skillful at hearing where people were in the Tomb, and she
  soon found that the organisers were helping her: now and then a quiet voice
  in an empty room would prompt her to go up instead of down, along the passage
  rather than through the tunnel, and she would dodge the hunters who were closing
  in. She guessed that it was a way to manage the game, to make sure the clients
  got a good long hunt, but she didn't mind: she was getting plenty of tags on
  them, and this was easy. She could stay out of their way all day. She dodged
  some wild shots from a high platform, dived through a door, ran along a level
  and reached for a rope...  
Which wasn't there. She teetered desperately on the edge, wondering if she
  could jump, hearing the hunters yelling behind. Then her muscles turned to
  wet string, and she buckled and lay limp as they ran up.  
&quot;Okay,&quot; she gasped, &quot;You got Lara - NO!&quot; One of the men
  was tugging at the waisband of her grey slacks, and she focussed on their grinning,
  panting faces and realised that her penalty for getting caught was going to
  be more than a spanking this time. &quot;Nooo!&quot; They dragged her pants
  down to her ankles and rolled her onto her back. &quot;NOOOO!&quot;  
She'd always felt, when she bothered to think about it, that rape couldn't
  be all that bad: it was only sex, and OK, it would be bad to have to do it
  when you didn't want to, but how bad? She discovered that having a hard cock
  driven into her dry, desperately clenched cunt was nothing like sex. It was
  shocking, intimate agony, repeated again and again and again. She told herself
  desperately that it was only a cock, it couldn't be that big, but it was like
  trying to judge the size of a hole in a tooth: she felt as if she were being
  reamed out with a fence stake. By the time the man bellowed in triumph and
  ground himself against her in orgasm, she had run out of screams and was weeping
  hopelessly.  
Then the next one got onto her. And the next. And the next.  
By the time they left she was beginning to recover from the taser, but she
  lay where they had spread her, shaking with sobs while a pool of spunk dried
  under her crotch. Two of her captors lifted her between them and pulled her
  arms over their shoulders, and half stumbling, half dragged, she was helped
  back to her room to collapse on the bed and weep again. They chivvied her to
  shower and eat, and then left her to lie and sob.  
The next morning when the organiser came into her room, she sat up in bed
  and said &quot;No!&quot; She clutched the sheet to her massive breasts and
  shook. &quot;I won't! I'm not going out there again, and you can't make me
  - you can beat my ass to pulp, but I won't be hunted again!&quot;  
&quot;We had an idea you might say that.&quot; His eyes despised her. &quot;So
  we arranged something more than the paddle.&quot; He jerked the sheet out of
  her hands and thrust out with a cattle prod.  
She howled at the explosion of pain in her breast, and rolled off the side
  of the bed to cringe in the corner, panting. They watched her and waited.  
&quot;Get dressed,&quot; he said. Sobbing, she pulled on the hated grey suit
  and walked out into the Tomb.  
She ran as she had never run before. The organisers hardly had to prompt
  her: she was inspired by terror. She climbed walls that were supposed to be
  unclimbable, squeezed through tiny pipes, leapt yawning gaps. She suspected
  that the organisers were having to tell the hunters where she was, and she
  cursed them with what little breath she could spare as she ran. She dropped
  down a rope, dived though a trapdoor, dodged shots and raced down a corridor
  and crouched to push a secret panel...  
Which didn't open. With a wail of despair she leapt up and ran on, but she
  had lost too much time. Shots cracked again and again behind her, and at last
  one connected; she hit the floor and slid to a stop, skinning her cheekbone.  
While two of them were skinning down her pants, she saw a pair of feet stride
  up to her face: then she yelled in pain as her head was dragged up by the long
  braid which had been woven into her real hair. An open fly passed her eyes,
  then a stiff cock waved in front of her, the stink of stale piss and smegma
  filling her nostrils. &quot;Open wide, Lara!&quot; he gloated.  
Her jaw was about the only muscle she could still control: she clenched it
  desperately. Then someone grabbed her left breast and crushed and twisted as
  if he were juicing an orange, and with a howl she gaped obediently. The slimy
  glans smeared over her cheek, then forced down her unwilling tongue and hit
  the back of her throat so that she gagged and fought for breath. It thrust
  and beat her throat while she struggled to suck air between chokes, shedding
  foul tasting crumbs on her tongue, till at last as her vision was fading to
  black it jerked and flooded her mouth with acrid goo that spilled over her
  chin to mix with the tears streaming down her face. Through a haze of pain
  she heard him yelling &quot;Yaaah...! Take it, Lara...! I got LARA CROFT!&quot;  
As he dropped her onto her back, and the other men began to spread her legs,
  Jolie wondered how much more of this it would take before she went completely
  mad.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LeoNine


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





