BDSM Library - The Fox Hunt




The Fox Hunt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman allows herself to be "the fox" in a timed fox hunt, but with a twist.  If she is caught before time expires she can accept an additional challenge.  If she wins, she gets money.  If she loses, she gets nothing. Hunt/Capture and Crucifiction fans should enjoy this one.The woman lay gasping under the thick brush, trying to catch her breath,
  exhausted from running. Her legs were scratched and bruised form the many thickets
  she had stumbled through and her clothes &ndash; simple exercise bra and cycling
  shorts &ndash; were stained with sweat, dirt, and blood. She could hear the
  baying of the hounds as the hunters &ndash; her pursuers &ndash; drew near
  to her hiding place deep in the bush. A manicured nail swept a stray lock of
  hair from her glistening forehead as she rolled over and tried to crawl deeper
  into the tangled mass of leaves and limbs, away from the direction of the barking
  dogs.  
Suddenly, the pack was on her, hungry jaws snapping at her sweat-soaked body.
  She let out a shriek as a canine tooth pierced her flesh. "Get them off me!
  I surrender!" she cried out.  
A boy's voice shouted "Here she is, sir!" as the dogs were pulled back away
  from the woman's tired body. She turned and saw the boy, dressed in ratcatcher
  tweed, tighten his grip on the dogs' leashes and pull them back.  
"Alright then, come on out. The hunt is over for you." The voice belonged
  to a man on horseback, dressed in a scarlet coat and riding breeches. The boy
  and his hounds retreated back behind the man, but remained at the ready in
  case she tried to flee.  
The woman stumbled out of the brush and into the clearing as other riders
  emerged from behind trees and underbrush. "I claim her!" shouted one rider
  in a black coat. "No! This one is mine! I directed her towards the pack!" another
  rider challenged.  
"That's enough, gentlemen," the man in the scarlet coat &ndash; the Hunt
  Master &ndash; declared authoritatively, shooting a sideways glance at the
  two quarreling hunters, "You'll both be awarded the hunt button for this event.
  Attendants, please check on her condition if you will, and then we'll proceed
  back to the stables."  
Two men in white coats dismounted from their steeds and approached the woman
  who had sat down in the dry leaves to rest. One of the men produced a fabric
  cuff with a dangling squeezeball and wrapped it around her bicep, then inflated
  it and counted out the minutes with his watch. The other man opened an antiseptic
  packet and began dabbing at the numerous cuts and scrapes adorning the woman's
  glistening body. He asked the woman "Did the dogs nip you, miss?"  
"Yes, one of the bloodthirsty bastards caught me from behind."  
"Ah, I see the puncture mark through your shorts now. I'll have to cut the
  material away to get at it," he said as he produced a small pair of scissors
  from his pack. He paused and looked at her quizzically.  
"Go ahead," the woman said, "they're ruined now anyway."  
He started at the bottom of the leg and followed the side seam until he was
  level with the puncture mark, then cut across her fanny, exposing the wound
  and a fair part of her ass in the process. The elastic material fell aside
  and hung loosely across the front of her leg, exposing the curve of toned muscle
  of her thigh.  
"Her blood pressure is ok," the first attendant declared.  
"Most of the wounds are superficial and the dog bite isn't deep. She should
  be ok," the second attendant added.  
"Fine work, gentlemen," the Hunt Master told the two men, then turned to
  the rest of the hunting party, "fine work by all. As for you&hellip;" He paused
  and turned to the woman. "Missy, you know the deal. This was a 12-hour event
  and you lasted for 8 hours before being captured. Therefore you are to spend
  4 hours on the cross. How do you plead?"  
The woman paused, weighing her options. The rules were clear, the bargain
  set. If she had evaded the hunters for 12 hours, she would've received $1,000.
  If she was caught, she could forfeit the money or take the challenge of spending
  the remaining time bound to a cross, nude, in the open, at the stable on full
  display as a trophy for all to see. Only the victorious hunter (or in this
  case, two hunters) and the medical assistants would be permitted to touch her.
  If she could endure that challenge without surrendering, she would get $2,000.
  She decided she hadn't run for this long just to give up and walk away empty-handed.  
"I accept the challenge," she said solemnly.  
"Very well," the Hunt Master replied, "I accept your plea. Since James declared
  her first, he gets to carry her to the camp." The other hunter opened his mouth
  to protest, but was cut short by the Hunt Master. "&hellip; and Edward will
  share in the victory once she is mounted as a trophy." The other hunter closed
  his mouth and grinned with satisfaction.  
"Alright then," James said to the woman as he produced a length of rope, "let's
  see your hands."  
"Hey! There was no agreement about being dragged behind a horse!" the woman
  protested.  
"No! No! Certainly not!" James replied, "I was merely going to bind your
  wrists and drape you over my saddle like I do with the other vermin I catch." The
  hunters laughed at the joke, and even the woman couldn't help but see the humor
  in it.  
"It is tradition, after all," Edward added.  
"Very well, then. Take me, " the woman said as she held her hands out towards
  James.  
James quickly wrapped a length of rope around her wrists, tied it off, then
  hoisted her up in his arms like a groom carrying a bride across the threshold
  of their honeymoon suite, and carefully laid her on her stomach across the
  back of his horse. The other hunters couldn't help but admire the view her
  position afforded them. "Gentlemen, I declare this a successful hunt!" James
  crowed.  
Arriving at the stables, the Hunt Master shouted "Sirs, you can tie off your
  horses over there and the stable hands will be along shortly. There is also
  a buffet set out behind the manor for those who wish to dine early, or you
  can remain here and observe the mounting of the trophy, whichever you wish."  
Edward was already dismounted and running over the prize draped across James'
  horse. Edward raised his hand and playfully spanked the exposed derriere of
  the woman, eliciting a shout of surprise from her. "She's a fine one, James!
  We should do well with her!" he exclaimed as he landed two more blows to the
  bare rump of the woman. "Ow! That hurts!" she cried out. "Quiet prize! Or we'll
  leave you up there for a bit longer and give you a real spanking!" Edward retorted
  with a laugh, then promptly gave her two more whacks with his palm, harder
  than before, as if to give her an example. The woman flinched as a muffled
  cry escaped her lips.  
James dismounted and surrendered his reigns to a waiting stablehand, then
  reached up and pulled the captured woman off his horse. James then grabbed
  the rope knotted around her wrists and led her towards the other side of the
  stable building, towards the open courtyard of the manor. The other hunters,
  led by Edward, followed, a parade of victors and vanquished.  
Turning the corner of the building, the woman caught her first glimpse of
  the cross. It was tall and constructed of thick wood. The vertical beam &ndash; the
  stipes &ndash; was buried into the ground and rose over 12 feet high. The horizontal
  beam &ndash; the patibulum &ndash; was about 3 feet from the top. A small footrest
  was affixed to the stipes about 4 feet off the ground. Scaffolding surrounded
  the cross with a ladder down to the ground. A man dressed in a black riding
  coat stood waiting at the foot of the cross holding several lengths of thick,
  heavy rope. It was a scene intended to frighten some and arouse others.  
James undid the ropes from around the woman's wrists as she stared at the
  cross that would be her home for the next four hours.  
"Remove your garments," the man in the black coat commanded in a low grumble.  
Reluctantly, the woman hooked her thumbs in the elastic band of the sports
  bra and lifted it up over her head. One of the hunters whistled appreciatively
  as James and Edward stared at her in anticipation of what was to come. The
  woman quickly folded her arms across her chest, covering her pale breasts,
  and glared at the crowd. "If you want the rest of my clothes, you'll have to
  cut them from me!"  
"That can be arranged," the man in black replied ominously, "now up you go."  
The woman ascended the ladder leading up to the scaffolding cautiously, using
  one hand to grip the handrail and the other to cover her bare chest. Positioning
  her in front of the cross, the man placed a hand on her shoulder and guided
  her back against the stipes until she stepped up onto the footrest. He then
  took her free arm and stretched it out along the length of one side of the
  patibulum, wrapping a length of rope around her wrist. He looped the rope several
  times around the patibulum, added a second loop around the rope itself near
  her wrist so that her hand wouldn't pull free, then proceeded to wrap a length
  of rope around the patibulum near her bicep and again passed a loop around
  the rope to secure her arm. Securing the knot with a hearty jerk, he moved
  to take her other arm. "Give your arm to me. Its useless to resist. You can't
  get away. We'll see your body eventually so there's no point in delaying the
  inevitable."  
The woman sighed and acquiesced, relaxing her arm as the man pulled it away
  from her body, exposing the pale mounds of her breasts capped by soft pinkish
  nipples. Where sun had found skin there was dirt and sweat from her jaunt across
  the countryside, but her breasts had been protected and were now exposed to
  the crowd of hunters gathered at the foot of her cross. Her breasts bounced
  slightly as the man stretched her arm along the other side of the patibulum
  and pulled her off balance. Her feet shifted as she tried to position herself
  on the narrow footrest. She sighed again, taking a deep breath and trying to
  relax as the man secured her arm to the thick wood. The hunters watched as
  her breasts rose and fell. A few passed comments amongst themselves, admiring
  the quality of the trophy on display before them.  
The man then took another length of rope and wrapped it around her ankles,
  securing her legs to the stipes. Checking to make sure his knot was secure,
  he then released a wingbolt set into the side of the stipes and slid the footrest
  down until the woman was on tiptoes, then tightened the wingbolt. Pulling out
  a knife, the man then cut the laces to her shoes and pulled them off along
  with her socks, leaving the woman wearing only her tight cycling shorts, half
  of which was already cut and hanging loosely across her thigh.  
The man stepped back to admire his handiwork and called out "Which one of
  you two lucky hunters would care to do the honors of properly preparing your
  trophy for display?"  
James said, "Go ahead Edward. I carried her here, so its only fair that you
  should do the skinning." The other hunters nodded in agreement and Edward charged
  up the ladder in eager anticipation of seeing the woman's most private parts
  revealed. She watched as he stumbled up the ladder in his haste to get the
  scissors from the man and she began to regret her decision.  
She looked away, trying to ignore the stare of Edward as he stood in front
  of her clutching the scissors in his left hand, taking in the sight of her
  partially nude body stretched out on the cross. "You act as though you've never
  seen a woman before," the woman whispered tauntingly. He detected a touch of
  anger in her voice. Edward replied, "I've seen a woman before, and I know what
  to do with one when I have her at my mercy. And I also remember warning you
  about speaking out." Tucking the scissors into his waistband, he raised his
  hand and slapped her left breast, watching it shake and tremble from the impact
  of his palm. She stifled a gasp and collected herself. Edward then slapped
  her other breast and extracted a guttural "umph" from her. She pursed her lips
  as he again raised his hand and slapped her breasts, trying to get her to cry
  out. She knew what he wanted from her but she wouldn't surrender. Not yet.
  She fought against the urge, struggling to subdue the pain emanating from the
  reddening flesh of her twin globes. She tugged at the ropes binding her arms
  as her hands twitched in the open air, her tender breasts subjected to the
  blows of Edward's palms, and she struggled to control her pain.  
With a final slap of his hand against her breasts, Edward pulled the scissors
  from his waistband and held them up to the woman's face. "Now the fun really
  begins," he said to her ominously.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Thomas Chaser


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





