BDSM Library - Emma's Enslavery




Emma's Enslavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Emma finds herself stranded in a foreign country without the funds or means to get home.  She falls into the hands of a Domme who in turn sells the unsuspecting Emma to a Master who wants to train her as his slave.EMMA'S ENSLAVERY   
   
Chapter 1.   
   
Emma had been working in North Queensland six months. She had come here as
  a backpacker and enjoyed the sunshine, so much so she overstayed her visa.
  Unfortunately the fruitpicking and other jobs dried up once she became an illegal
  immigrant. Immigration knew about people overstaying and checked the farms
  regularly, hence Emma was stuck in Townsville. She was broke and her open ended
  ticket had run out.  
With no way of getting home and no money Emma was worried. Then came came
  the offer.  
 Lizzy walked into the pub and saw Emma sipping water, and could, by the
  way she was dressed see she was a backpacker, and looked broke. Lizzy quickly
  looked the girl over: 5'6", blonde sun bleached hair, perky 34C tits, and a
  good tan that only the tropics could provide. Lizzy ordered a beer.  
"Short of cash, darl?" came the strong Aussie accent.  
"Yes I am." came the timid reply.  
"I could fix you up." said the heavily tattooed forty-something woman.  
"Yes?" said Emma.  
"We can discuss it at my place, its easy work and well paid&hellip;in the
  entertainment industry."  
Emma was suspicious but had little choice. Lizzy finished her schooner of
  beer.  
"Come on then girly&hellip;.lets go."  
"What's your name?" asked Lizzy.  
"Err&hellip; Emma," came the reply, as she walked towards the new v8 Holden.  
"Get in." said Lizzy.  
Lizzy drove for about fifteen minutes to a house on a large hill overlooking
  the ocean and pulled into the garage. Her mood suddenly changed.  
"Get out you pommie slut." Lizzy nastily hissed.  
Emma looked mortified. She froze in shock. Lizzy dragged her out by the hair.
  Slapped her hard and dragged her to a spare bedroom. The room was bare, no
  carpet, or furnishings, just a bare wooden table, a wooden chair, and a cupboard.
  Emma suddenly found her voice after having been too shocked to scream.  
"Fuck off bitch." Emma yelled.  
 Lizzy slapped her hard again then quickly stripped the girl, pulling off
  her skirt and panties, and then ripping off her blouse and bra. The girl was
  yelling abuse and beginning to cry. The taller, stronger Lizzy then cuffed
  Emma's hands behind her back and bent her over the table. She stood back to
  admire the girl's smooth tanned arse and g-string tan lines.  
"You are my slut now Emma, and will whore for me. My friend Mike will escort
  you to your appointments and make sure you are safe. You will give him the
  money and I will keep your portion safe for you. When you have the airfare
  you can leave. But for now I need to reinforce our business relationship."  
 With that Lizzy went to the cupboard and pulled out a large strapon dildo
  and a riding crop. The dildo she quickly strapped on; double ended so the wearer
  inserted a smaller dildo in her own pussy, the receiver to take the much larger
  end, 9" and thick. Lizzy whacked the crop across the quietly sobbing girl's
  arse.  
"Spread your legs bitch!" she yelled at the sobbing girl.  
 Emma looked round to see the older tattooed woman naked and wearing the
  large plastic phallus, and screamed. Lizzy whipped Emma on the arse again,
  then roughly pulled the girls legs apart, grabbed her by the hips and started
  to slowly fuck the girl's dry sex.  
"You are dry slut!" said Lizzy feeling the resistance.  
But Emma started to moisten. Meanwhile Lizzy was very wet and feeling the
  protrusion in her slutty pussy. As Emma's pussy began to betray her the older
  woman was able to force more and more of the plastic prong into the young girl.
  Emma was by no means a virgin; indeed she had recently sampled some of the
  local Aussie talent in her travels. But never had she had something as large
  as this. As Lizzy shoved faster she began to feel her impending orgasm. The
  older woman started to cum and leaned down to grasp Emma's breasts. She forced
  the hard prong up the sobbing girl and held it, the other end firmly held by
  her pulsating vagina. Lizzy quickly withdrew and unstrapped her favourite toy.  
"Time to get you some work slut," Lizzy said, as she left the room and locked
  it behind her.  
Emma lay and sobbed. She felt violated and sore. Her arse stung from the
  crop. She just wanted to leave, but knew she would be deported. And Lizzy frightened
  her. The big woman had looked and felt like a man as she fucked her, and Emma
  was ashamed she had gotten wet to accommodate her. Emma stood up and crawled
  up on the table as best she could. She rolled into a ball and cried.  
Lizzy meanwhile was calling a regular client. She offered the price and made
  the deal, then put the phone down and smiled. At that moment Mike walked in
  and Lizzy informed him of the latest events. As Mike poured Lizzy a scotch
  he too smiled.  
Lizzy threw open the door. "Get up slut. You have an outcall. One hour. $200.
  Half is yours for the airfare."  
Lizzy uncuffed the girl and threw a small white crop top and black skirt
  at her, dropped red high heels at her feet.  
"Get dressed bitch." Lizzy ordered.  
 Emma quickly dressed as Lizzy watched. Lizzy was getting wet again watching
  the girl dress. She was starting to regret her financial transaction. Emma
  noticed a man at the door as she stood and straightened her top.  
"This is Mike. He will drive you to the appointment. The client is a regular
  and shouldn't be any problem. Oh and so you know the client gets straight sex
  and head, nothing else. And you ring Mike once you are inside to let him know
  you are ok. If he doesn't get a call one hour later he'll kick the door in
  and come looking for you. You got it?"  
"Yes," Emma said, resigned to her fate.  
"I suppose I have to do it."  
"You do Emma. Unless you want to be deported." said Lizzy.  
Emma sat nervously in the car as Mike drove. He had given her a small black
  purse containing a phone and numerous condoms. Emma was scared and nervous
  and still reliving the violation by the cruel Lizzy. She didn't want to do
  this but she knew it wouldn't take long to earn the air fare home in this type
  of work. Emma was disgusted with herself but hoped it would be over quickly.
  She was a sexually aware young woman and hoped she could use her charms to
  make the client cum quickly. Soon they arrived at the luxury house in the exclusive
  neighbourhood.  
"Ok get out." said Mike. "Ring me when you get in and things look ok. Note
  the time and ring me one hour after that. If I don't hear from you I'll come
  for you." Mike grinned.  
Emma got out of the car.  
"Oh and by the way&hellip;.the client is Mr B," Mike said out the window.  
Emma approached the house and rang the doorbell. When the door opened a man
  in his mid thirties stood there. He looked to be about 5'7" medium build with
  a lived in face, blonde short hair, but nice looking in a way. Emma stood just
  as tall as him in her heels.  
"You must be Emma, please come in," he said. "Make your phone call to Mike
  while I pour you a white wine. Then we'll get down to some fun."  
Mr B was dressed in a blue silk robe, and began to get hard as he thought
  of things to come and of Emma's impending surprise.  
Emma phoned Mike and spoke to him to say all was ok. As she was speaking
  to Mike, Mr B gave her a glass of chardonnay and took the phone from her. He
  spoke briefly to Mike then hung up and gave the phone to Emma. She hadn't been
  able to hear what was said.  
"Cheers Emma."  
Mr B clinked her glass with his own and smiled, then led Emma to the master
  bedroom by the hand and stood close to her as she finished her wine. Emma smiled
  nervously but so far Mr B seemed nice and had been the perfect gentleman.  
"Finish the wine Emma and get undressed." Mr B said pleasantly. "Oh and here
  is your money."  
 Emma quickly counted it and found an extra $100. She frowned.  
"Yes Emma that isn't a tip. I asked Mike for extras&hellip;.for the extra
  I get to cuff you."  
"Err&hellip;but you won't hurt me?"  
"Of course not Emma. Now how 'bout you strip and show me that beautiful body
  of yours."  
Emma gulped down the last of the wine, placed the glass down on the bedside
  table, and hurriedly undressed. She was embarrassed and in no way trying to
  be provocative. Ironically she wanted Mr B to cum quickly so she might leave
  sooner. Mr B slipped off his robe showing Emma his hard and thick erection,
  then went to the chest of drawers and retrieved his cuffs.  
"I suggest you roll the condom on before I cuff you Emma&hellip;it might
  be a bit tricky afterwards." Mr B grinned.  
Emma dutifully reached for her bag, pulled out a condom and rolled it on
  to his throbbing cock. She was reluctant to handle his hard tool but slightly
  aroused at the same time. At this stage she was kneeling in front of him and
  his cock swelled as he looked down at her submissive position.  
"Get on the bed Emma&hellip;face down and hands above your head," he ordered,
  which she did obediently but with a look that bordered on fear.  
He swiftly cuffed her to the cast iron bedhead, and then stood back. Next,
  he reached for some duct tape and quickly put some over her mouth. Emma tried
  to struggle and scream but he was too swift.  
Mr B stood back to admire his handiwork. He had thought for some time about
  this moment and spent a little time savouring it. Emma turned her head to glare
  but he could see the fear in her eyes.  
"Emma I have a surprise for you. I am about to phone Mike and tell him it
  is done and he can leave." Mr B quickly retrieved Emma's phone, dialed the
  number, and spoke a few quiet words that Emma did not catch. Next Emma heard
  a car start outside and drive off.  
"You heard, Emma, didn't you? Mike has gone. You see the money in your purse
  is still mine. Lizzy is an old friend and we decided I wanted a lot of your
  time&hellip;so much so that I decided to lease you&hellip;long term."  
With that Mr B closed the double glazed window. Emma tried to scream through
  the duct tape, her eyes beginning to form tears. Mr B just laughed.  
"Scream Emma. No one will hear you. For some time, in the near future, I
  will have to hurt you as you will try to fight me, try to escape. Eventually
  you will realize that it is hopeless. Eventually you will come to enjoy being
  with me. I know you don't believe that now, but very soon I will start your
  training. Very soon Emma."  
Emma looked at the naked man with a mixture of shock and naked fear, moaning
  through the tape. He put his robe back on and left the room.  
He was soon back with a wicked looking cane of thin bamboo. He slowly dragged
  it down over her smooth back as she turned her head away and whimpered. Suddenly
  he struck, and struck hard across her naked buttocks. Emma tried to scream
  through her gag. Mr B ripped off the tape.  
"I like to hear you scream, Emma. The room is soundproofed. It just looked
  so sexy with you unable to talk."  
 With that he struck again across the thighs. The girl tried not to remain
  quiet and moaned in pain. He struck again and again across her back, arse and
  thighs until she couldn't hold back and began screaming again.  
"If I like something it's best you do it, Emma."  
Mr B was ready now. He'd discarded the condom and was very hard, his cock
  throbbing and coated in precum. Emma rolled her head to look just as he moved
  over to lie on top of her. Mr B roughly pulled her thighs apart and began to
  shove his thick cock into her surprisingly wet cunt.  
"Mmmm, Emma, you are wet you slut. You like a big thick cock don't you?"  
Emma moaned as he entered her and began to sob. Mr B began to pump her violated
  pussy.  
Mr B whispered in her ear, "Tell me you like it Emma, that you want it, beg
  for my cock Emma!!"  
"Please Mr B!!!" she pleaded.  
He twisted her head by the hair and kissed her mouth hard, biting her lower
  lip.  
"Beg slut!" he whispered nastily as he continued to fuck her.  
"Please fuck me." the girl sobbed.  
Mr B reached around to grope the girl's pert breasts, pulling hard on her
  nipples. Emma screamed. This made Mr B all the more excited and he pumped harder,
  getting close to climax.  
"Gonna cum slut," he said casually as he fed his seed into her.  
Mr B withdrew without a word, patted her sore and red arse and left the room.  
He soon returned, naked, to find Emma quietly sobbing. She glanced at him
  as he came in. He said nothing but simply flipped her on her back twisting
  the cuffs painfully. Mr. B then mounted her and violently raped her. She would
  always remember the mix of lust, frustration and anger in his eyes. It frightened
  her. He dismounted from Emma. He had cum in her and she was worried about protection.  
"How was that my slut?" he asked. Emma continued to sob quietly.  
"Stop that crying bitch!"  
Mr B grabbed the cane and whipped the girl. Whipped her with all his pent
  up fury. Emma screamed and writhed as the blows rained down on her. The strokes
  across her breasts were the most intense pain of her life.  
Mr B stopped after a minute, panting. He threw a bikini at her and uncuffed
  her.  
"Get dressed you brazen whore," he whispered nastily.  
He watched the girl quickly dress, blushing at his blatant leering. She was
  ashamed, sore, and aroused all at the same time. Her emotions were in turmoil.  
"Ok bitch time to feed me&hellip;and if it isn't good I'll flog you again."  
Mr B dragged Emma to the kitchen. He grabbed a beer from the fridge and sat
  at the couch, able to watch her in the kitchen. Suddenly she made a run for
  the back door. Mr B simply laughed as she frantically twisted the handle.  
"It's deadlocked slut. Just like you will be. Now get on with dinner whore."  
 Emma was crestfallen and began to sob, and resigned, began looking in the
  pantry and fridge.  
"What would you like?"  
"What would you like, Sir." said Mr B as he flicked on the TV.  
"What would you like Sir?" Emma mimicked.  
"Cook me a steak slut. With salad. Medium rare. Oh and there's a dog bowl
  in the pantry, put some dry dog food in it."  
The girl prepared the meal for the man and poured the dry food in the bowl.
  She placed the plate on the coffee table and stood nervously.  
"Get the bowl of dog food and put it at my feet slut."  
The girl complied hoping he would release her soon. She placed the bowl at
  his feet wondering where his dog was, and hoping he would let her eat too.  
"Ok slut, eat your meal," he commanded.  
Emma looked confused at first, but then it dawned upon her. The idea of eating
  from the bowl disgusted her, but she wanted to please the man. She really hoped
  he'd let her go. She obediently got down and began to eat from the bowl. Mr
  B looked down as he drank his beer, a doting smile spreading over his face.
  He would keep this one, his dirty whore forever. He knew she would learn in
  time&hellip;knew she was being good now, thinking she might soon be released.
  That wasn't going to happen.  
"Few mates coming round to watch the footy slut. Be a good girl and you might
  get early release." Mr B lied.  
Emma felt a surge of hope as she finished the dry dog food.  
"Oh sir, I'll be so good! I promise." Emma quickly removed her bowl and her
  Master's plate. She brought him another beer and knelt at his feet, hoping
  to please him.  
"Hmmm you are learning slut." Mr B smiled down at the hopeful Emma.  
Chapter 2.   
   
The girl had been locked in a spare bedroom, similar to the one at Lizzy's.
  No carpet, just bare concrete floor, a cupboard, and various eye bolts and
  chains attached to the floor, walls and ceiling. In the centre of the room
  was a vinyl covered bench similar to a masseuse's table, but with various buckles
  and straps attached. A bucket was in the corner of the room, and she shamefully
  had to use it. She had pissed and shit in the bucket when she could take no
  more. She was not sure how long she had been there but it was only an hour
  or so. Mr B walked in.  
"Mmmm, I can smell you used the bucket slut. Will have to clean you now bitch.
  Get the bucket and follow me."  
Mr B walked out the door to the bathroom.  
"Tip it in the toilet then clean it and yourself in the bath," he said.  
Mr B watched as she tipped the contents of the bucket in the toilet and flushed
  it, and then rinsed the bucket in the bath. She filled the tub, stripped off
  the bikini and got in, trying not to notice Mr B standing at the door stroking
  himself.  
"Hurry up slut, my friends will be here soon."  
Emma washed quickly, hoping to please him. She got out of the bath looking
  for a towel.  
"No towel slut. And no clothes. You are naked for the night."  
Mr B laughed. Emma blushed.  
Next Emma was dragged to the lounge room. The door bell rang and Emma was
  ordered to answer it naked. Mike laughed as the naked Emma answered the door.  
"Nice, Mr B, got her in training already I see." Mike laughed.  
"Yeah&hellip; get us both a beer slut." Mr B ordered.  
 Mike and Mr B sat on the couch. Emma grabbed two beers and sat nervously
  on the floor at Mr B's feet.  
"See she's learning fast Mr B," Mike said.  
"Yeah&hellip;She's hoping for parole." Mr B chuckled.  
He stood and pushed aside the coffee table.  
"Hands and knees bitch&hellip;you are our coffee table for the night."  
 Both men chuckled as Emma meekly complied. They put their beers on her,
  and Mr B rested an ashtray on her and lit a smoke. The men ignored her as the
  game started. Emma tried to keep still as the men slopped beer and ashes on
  her. She shivered when the cold bottles were placed on her warm skin. Her knees
  began to ache and every now and then Mr B would thrust a finger in her pussy
  as Mike laughed. At one stage he put the unlit end of a cigarette in her pussy,
  and waited till she began to squirm from the heat as it burned down, only to
  remove it at the last moment.  
The door bell rang again, so the girl was allowed to answer it. She opened
  the door to find Lizzy standing there. Lizzy was in denim jeans and jacket
  carrying a 6 pack. Lizzy grabbed Emma firmly round the neck and gave her a
  sloppy kiss.  
"Sorry I'm late." Lizzy said.  
She pulled a beer and threw the others in the fringe. Emma quickly shut the
  front door, ashamed of her nakedness. Mr B simply gave her a look and she meekly
  kneeled back in front of the couch. Lizzy flopped down beside Mike. Emma glanced
  and noticed the bulge in Lizzy's jeans. Lizzy looked down and giggled.  
"Yes bitch I'm strapped up and ready to go. Mr B says Mikey and I can have
  some fun with you at half time." She laughed.  
Emma glanced at the TV and saw that half time was a mere two minutes away.  
The half finished and Lizzy stood. Mike stood as well. Mike simply lowered
  his pants but Lizzy took the time to strip completely. They removed the crap
  off their improvised table. Mr B stood and laughed, enjoying the girl's discomfort.
  Mike slipped on a condom, spat in his hand and wiped it on his hard tool, then
  lay down on the couch. Lizzy grabbed the girl by the shoulders and forced the
  girl onto his hard cock, embedding Mike in her pussy. Lizzy produced a jar
  of Vaseline from her bag and began to smear it on the dildo as Mike began to
  hump the young girl. Lizzy got on the couch and guided the plastic prong into
  Emma's virgin arse. Emma screamed. Mr B laughed.  
"Enjoying yourself Emma?" Mr B asked.  
Emma looked pitifully at Mr B. Lizzy slapped her hard.  
"Answer him bitch!" Lizzy snarled. "I sold you to Mr B and expect you to
  respect him!"  
 Lizzy thrust harder as Mike eased his cock in and out of Emma's slick cunt.  
"Hurry you two." Mr B said casually. "Half time is nearly over."  
Mike began thrusting harder, as did Lizzy, and despite herself Emma was getting
  wet. Lizzy could feel the dildo going in easier.  
"Getting wet slut?" Lizzy whispered nastily. "Gonna cum for me bitch?"  
Lizzy moaned and came as she gripped the girl's breasts. Suddenly Emma came,
  without expectation she cried out. Lizzy kissed the girl hard on the neck as
  Emma moaned the betrayal of her own body. Lizzy stood up and grinned, then
  grabbed the girl by the arm and pulled her off Mike and on to the floor. All
  three of her tormentors laughed. Lizzy dressed. Mr B then grabbed Emma and
  forced her onto his lap. Emma could feel his hard cock. Lizzy grabbed more
  beers and they sat and watched the footy. Soon the game was over.  
"You didn't get to cum did you Mikey?" Lizzy asked.  
"No." Mike replied simply.  
"Awwww, maybe Mr B will let you have a special treat. You've been good lately."  
Lizzy stood and whispered in Mr B's ear. Mr B simply nodded and stood, toppling
  Emma onto the couch. He then sat in an armchair to watch, slowly sipping a
  beer and smoking. Lizzy grabbed a pair of cuffs and cuffed Emma's hands behind
  her back and sat her in the middle of the couch.  
"I suppose I should explain, Emma," said Lizzy as she stripped and re-strapped
  on the dildo.  
Mike too was eagerly stripping off his clothes.  
"Mikey here was 19 when he was convicted and did a five year stretch for
  GBH. A pub brawl. Thought he was a real hard bastard. That was until he met
  my now ex-husband who's doing 20 years for armed robbery. Mikey here very quickly
  became my hubby's bitch in prison. When my hubby and I decided to split, Mikey
  was due out, so I sorta got him as part of the divorce settlement." Lizzy guffawed
  loudly.  
"OK Mikey, bend over!" Lizzy ordered.  
Mike bent over with his hands against the wall, his throbbing cock inches
  from Emma's face. Lizzy stood behind Mike and slowly slid the strap-on up his
  arse.  
"You know the rules Mikey&hellip;.ask nicely now."  
"Please Miss Lizzy, please wank me off." Mike grunted as Lizzy fucked him.  
Lizzy reached round and began stroking his thick erection in time with her
  ever quickening thrusts. Emma was disgusted by the display happening inches
  from her face, yet could not look away. Mr B sat impassively, not watching
  the action, but instead noting how Emma was reacting. He could tell she was
  sickened and degraded by what was happening but that she felt compelled to
  watch. Although Lizzy used it as a reward, she loved to fuck her Mikey with
  the strap-on. Powerfully built and in his late twenties, it turned her on immensely
  to know that he craved to be her obedient bitch. Lizzy could feel his cock
  throbbing and swelling yet more. She knew he was close.  
"Don't you move your face, Emma." Lizzy grunted in time with her thrusts.  
"Oh yes Miss Lizzy&hellip;I'm gonna cum!" Mike gasped.  
Lizzy made one final brutal thrust, reached round and grabbed Emma by the
  hair and furiously jerked Mike off on Emma's face. Spurt after spurt of hot
  cum splattered on Emma's cheeks, down her chin and dribbled onto her tits.
  Emma screwed up her face in disgust, but Mr B noted the way her pussy glistened
  with its own special dew. Lizzy squeezed the last few drops out of Mike's now
  semi-flaccid penis. She withdrew the strapon and stood back.  
"Look at the mess you've made of Mr B's bitch Mikey!" Lizzy chided. "Clean
  it up!" Mike obediently knelt down and meekly began licking his own sperm from
  the young girl.  
"Mikey learned to like the taste of cum in prison, Emma." Lizzy chuckled.  
Emma was in a state of confusion. She desperately wanted this man's filth
  removed from her body, but was repulsed at the way in which it was being done.
  As she closed her eyes so as to not have to see, it felt strangely erotic as
  Mike began to lick his sperm from her neck. When Mike reached her lips and
  spent a little too long there, he suddenly felt a stunning blow to the side
  of the head. Lizzy had belted him with the dildo.  
"Don't you be a bad boy now Mikey." Lizzy warned.  
"Sorry Miss."  
"Hurry up and finish. You need to drive one of the girls to an appointment." Lizzy
  grumbled.  
Mike got up, dressed and quickly left the house. By this stage Lizzy too
  was dressed but didn't seem to be in a hurry to leave. Mr B, who hadn't spoken
  in some time rose from his armchair.  
"Time for more training slut."  
Chapter 3.   
Emma was picked up by the two of them and dragged to the spare bedroom. Unbeknownst
  to her, the drink she had been given during the second half of the game had
  been heavily laced with the sedative diazepam, and she was beginning to feel
  quite drowsy. She was easy to handle as they strapped her to the vinyl padded
  bench. Her wrists and ankles were buckled with leather cuffs which were attached
  to ropes that ran through pulleys at the corners of the bench and were tied
  to cleats bolted to its solid wooden legs. The bench also had several seat
  belt type straps arranged up the sides. Emma was now flat on her back, spreadeagled,
  and strapped down tightly across her midriff. She felt very tired and could
  barely keep her eyes open, despite the traumas of the past 24 hours. Mr B gently
  leaned down and began sucking on each of Emma's nipples in turn. Emma tried
  to shake her head and moan half-hearted protests, but she was too tired to
  attempt any resistance. Next Mr B started rubbing her nipples with ice cubes.
  Emma's pert little nipples began to distend. Meanwhile, Lizzy had been busy.
  She'd wiped the needle with an alcohol swab and done the same with the "barbell" type
  studs that would initially be used. Mr B took the ice away and Lizzy quickly
  swabbed the girl's nipples with the alcohol. Everything was ready.  
Despite her drowsiness, Emma screamed as the needle pierced her left nipple.
  Lizzy quickly and expertly pulled it out and replaced it with the stud wiping
  away the few drops of blood with another alcohol swab, eliciting another scream
  from Emma. The process was quickly repeated on the right nipple. Emma's body
  which had been straining against her bonds collapsed back onto the bench and
  she fell into a deep sleep. Lizzy quickly packed her implements and both she
  and Mr B left the room. Mr B thanked Lizzy for her help, showed her to the
  front door, and then retired for the evening.  
Mr B was up early the next morning, and after coffee, went to check on Emma.
  The girl was still asleep and Mr B began to gently caress her exposed sex.
  The girl slowly began to stir, and as he centred on her clit she let out a
  soft moan. Slowly her eyes opened.  
"Good Morning, Emma." Mr B said smiling down at her. "How are you feeling?"  
"I'm still very tired&hellip;and my tits are very sore," she said groggily.  
Slowly the events of the previous evening came back to her, as did the realisation
  that the better behaved she was the sooner she might be released to continue
  more routine escort work.  
"Are you hungry Emma?"  
"Oh yes! Very. Can I fix you something to eat?"  
"Sure Emma. Perhaps we can eat by the pool and have a swim as well."  
Mr B unbuckled the restraints and gave Emma a skimpy white bikini which showed
  off her tan nicely. He then surprised her with a wrap around sarong for her
  to put on, and then led her up to the kitchen for breakfast.  
"What would you like for breakfast Mr B?" Emma asked.  
"Oh how 'bout we both have yogurt and cereal with coffee and orange juice.
  You can sit at the table with me Emma."  
Mr B flashed a smile at Emma and then returned to his paper.  
Emma was confused. Was this the man who only yesterday had chained her to
  a bed and violated her? Beaten and humiliated her? Watched as others had raped
  and degraded her? Emma was in turmoil but knew for now that if she kept him
  happy her release back to Lizzy might come sooner, and more importantly she
  might avoid yet more violent and degrading attention.  
Emma made breakfast and took it on a tray out to the pool. Mr B sat at the
  table as they ate together, he reading the paper, Emma eating in silence. After
  a few moments Emma broached the subject that had been worrying her.  
"Mr B&hellip;uhmm&hellip;how long will I be staying with you? Will I earn
  enough to pay for a flight home?"  
Mr B folded his paper and put it down. "We'll talk about it after breakfast
  and a swim, ok?"  
Emma seemed satisfied and cleaned up the dishes. She came back out onto the
  back deck, dropped her sarong and dived in the pool. Mr B stripped off his
  shirt and quickly followed wearing a pair of boardshorts. Emma was happy to
  just frolic in the water while Mr B did a few laps. After 10 minutes or so,
  Mr B sidled up behind the oblivious Emma, grabbing her round the waist. At
  first Emma tensed but quickly reminded herself to relax. She just hoped that
  he would leave her tits alone, because despite the soothing water, her nipples
  were still very tender. He grabbed Emma's hand and pushed it down the front
  of his boardshorts where despite the cool water, Mr B was indeed very hard.
  Emma began to wank him as he pulled aside her g-string and fondled her pussy.
  He edged Emma to the side of the pool, all the while stroking her clit. Emma
  rested both forearms on the edge of the pool as Mr B ripped open the Velcro
  on the front of his boardshorts. Excruciatingly slowly, he began entering Emma
  from behind. She was floating on the cock inside her and despite her misgivings
  it felt good. Emma buried her head in her arms and began to moan. It felt good
  for Mr B too. Alternating between the cool water and the beautiful young girl's
  hot pussy felt great. He leaned forward to nibble on her earlobe.  
"Mmmmmm, harder please Mr B Sir. Please fuck me harder." Emma moaned.  
Mr B said nothing but simply fulfilled her wish, beginning to speed up and
  reaching round to gently stroke her hard and sensitive little nub. Emma groaned
  in pleasure.  
"Cum now Emma, cum my beautiful little whore." Mr B whispered in her ear.  
"Ohhhhh yes Sir! Yes Sir! I'm cumming!" Emma squealed delightedly, throwing
  her head back.  
 Mr B made one final lunge and gently bit her neck as his cum spurted into
  the pussy spasming on his cock. They stayed like that for a minute or two.
  Emma then turned in his arms and hungrily kissed him.  
"Thank you Sir." Emma smiled impishly and climbed out of the pool. Mr B watched
  the girl wrap herself in the sarong and smiled inwardly to himself wondering
  if she would be quite so content in an hour or two.  
Chapter 4.   
Mr B allowed Emma to swan around the house for the rest of the morning and
  hinted at a possible shopping trip later in the day. Emma had expressed concern
  about her belongings left at the backpacker's hostel where she'd been staying,
  but Mr B assured her that Lizzy had arranged for all her things to be collected.
  In any case, Mr B joked, he was quite happy with the way she was dressed.  
Emma spent most of the morning out by the pool, the high fence ensuring absolute
  privacy. She read fashion magazines, listened to music and when not cooling
  off in the pool, worked on her all over tan. She was starting to think yesterday
  was just a dream&hellip;well not a dream but perhaps just Mr B's kinkier side
  that he needed to get out of his system. Meanwhile Mr B made some phone calls.  
He had fresh seafood delivered for lunch. They ate out by the pool, prawns,
  fresh mud crab, oysters and Moreton Bay Bugs. They washed it down with chilled
  chardonnay. With all the sun in the morning and the amount of alcohol Mr B
  was plying into Emma, she was starting to think that this wasn't a bad way
  to earn the fare home after all. He even helped Emma clean up after lunch.  
"Did you enjoy lunch Emma?" asked Mr B.  
"It was divine! Thank you Sir." Emma made sure to address him properly.  
"Would you care to guess what I like after a good lunch like that Emma?"  
"A nice nap Sir?" Emma giggled.  
"No Emma&hellip;something else." Mr B said as he grabbed Emma's hand and
  placed it on his bulging crotch.  
He took her by the hand and led her to the spare bedroom.  
"You w...w...won't hurt me again will you, Mr B?" Emma asked nervously.  
Mr B didn't answer. By now they were in the room. He forced Emma onto the
  padded bench and straddled her, putting first one then the other wrist into
  the leather cuffs. Emma struggled but the wine and sun had dulled her and made
  her efforts feeble. From there Mr B cuffed her ankles. Emma's g-string tied
  at the sides and the top was strapless, and soon he had her naked.  
With her legs spread Mr B began to slowly stroke her sex which was slightly
  damp. Emma closed her eyes and bit her lower lip enjoying Mr B's ministrations
  and her own helplessness.  
"You asked me earlier Emma how long I intended to keep you with me&hellip;how
  long I'd contracted you out for from Lizzy. Put simply the answer is indefinitely."  
Emma looked puzzled.  
"You won't be leaving, Emma," Mr B stated bluntly.  
Emma was suddenly angry but it was mixed with fear. She began struggling
  futilely against her bonds.  
"If you kill me people will come looking you bastard!" Emma yelled.  
Mr B ignored her and simply placed duct tape over her mouth.  
"My dear Emma, I wouldn't dream of killing such a gorgeous creature, particularly
  considering the expense necessary to procure you. As for anyone looking for
  you here that is highly unlikely. While you were lazing by the pool I put a
  number of plans in place. From the personal effects that Lizzy picked up from
  the hostel it is apparent that you find it cheaper to text message home to
  your parents rather than phone. Hence a text has been sent to them telling
  them you are on your way to Bangkok, Thailand. One of Lizzy's girls looks much
  like you: same height, hair and eye colour. Certainly the average Thai immigration
  official won't spot the difference when she enters the country on your passport.
  She'll book into a cheap hotel in Bangkok with all your personal effects, have
  your passport locked in the hotel safe and re-enter Australia using her own
  passport. When you are reported missing the last place you will have been seen
  is south-east Asia and since you pre-paid at the hotel with cash there won't
  be a signature to check. Emma, only I, Lizzy and Mike know where you are, and
  as both Lizzy and Mike are heavily indebted to me in more ways than one, I
  can't see anyone finding you."  
By this stage the tears were flowing freely from Emma's eyes. Mr B gently
  wiped them away then as delicately as he could pulled off the duct tape.  
"Don't bother screaming Emma, this room has better sound proofing than the
  master bedroom. The tape was just so you didn't interrupt me. Right now you
  feel shocked, but I think soon you will become defiant. I strongly advise you
  against it Emma. My methods for dealing with any such defiance will be swift,
  imaginative, and comprehensive. Do you understand?"  
"Yes Sir" said Emma in a barely audible whisper.  
 Mr B went back to gently stroking Emma's clit. Yet again Emma's mind was
  in turmoil. The joke was she'd travelled the world backpacking to get away
  from her family. Emma was an only child: her father a chronic drunk and her
  mother a brazen slut who'd bring men home knowing her useless unemployed husband
  would be passed out on the couch. Emma couldn't give a fuck if she never saw
  her parents again. She figured if she behaved herself, she could end up somewhere
  between a maid and mistress for the somewhat attractive and obviously independently
  wealthy Australian businessman. And right now his experienced ministrations
  on her nether regions were certainly affecting her, despite the shock of her
  sudden change in circumstances.  
"Are you ready for my cock Emma?" Mr B was sawing two fingers in and out
  of her pussy and rubbing her clit with his thumb.  
"Please Sir, please take me." Emma asked ashamed.  
Mr B mounted her gently and slowly began to fuck the girl strapped below
  him. He tried to keep his weight of her still sensitive tits, and kissed her
  neck. Surprisingly, as he went to kiss her mouth, she kissed back hungrily.  
Emma was enjoying this fuck and in a perverse way wanted it harder. She was
  beginning to revel in her helplessness, at the mercy of this man who seemed
  so experienced in the carnal arts. Mr B felt her begin to strain against her
  bonds, thrusting her hips up to meet his. It was then that he began to increase
  his tempo, kissing her hard on the mouth, biting her neck, instinctively knowing
  what she wanted.  
"I'm going to cum Sir!" Emma yelled.  
Mr B just pumped harder and as he felt her body stiffen, and blew his load
  into the recesses of her pussy. He kissed her gently then dismounted, grabbed
  his clothes and left the still panting girl strapped to the bench.  
About ten minutes later Mr B re-entered the room, drinking a beer.  
"Tomorrow you start on the pill Emma. Don't want you getting knocked up.
  For now though we have another matter to attend to. You didn't ask permission
  to cum Emma, and for that you need to be punished."  
"But I didn't know I needed to ask!" Emma pleaded.  
"Not ask Emma, beg&hellip;and you just forgot to answer me with Sir."  
"I'm sorry Sir." Emma whimpered.  
"I don't think you are Emma but you soon will be." Mr B replied.  
Mr B released the leather cuffs on Emma's hands but swiftly replaced them
  with conventional cuffs. He then released the ropes holding her ankle cuffs
  and stood her in the middle of the room. An overhead chain was attached to
  the cuffs and raised so that Emma was forced to stand with her arms over her
  head. Her leg cuffs were attached to ring bolts in the floor, spreading her
  legs. When he was satisfied, he slowly walked round Emma sipping his beer and
  admiring her body. The angry red marks of the previous day were fast disappearing.
  The whipping had not been that severe. Due to her position, Emma's breasts
  stood out taut and firm. Mr B examined the nipple piercings closely. They seemed
  to be healing nicely, so much so that he removed the miniature barbells and
  replaced them with the rings that he preferred. Mr B then blindfolded Emma,
  knowing full well that not knowing what was coming would torture the girl as
  much as the punishment itself.  
He was wearing running shoes and was able to move around the room quietly.
  He could tell Emma was keeping still, straining to hear for a clue of what
  was to come. Mr B moved in behind her and gently blew on the back of her neck.
  Emma jerked in surprise. She then heard an aerosol can of some sort being used
  and then smelt and felt the shaving foam being smeared over her crotch. He
  then began to shaving her pussy. There wasn't much to shave as Emma had enjoyed
  wearing skimpy g-strings on the beach in north Queensland and had trimmed her
  thatch accordingly. He quickly finished and wiped away the excess cream.  
"That's the last time I ever shave you Emma. I'll be expecting you to have
  a bald pussy for me at all times."  
"Yes Sir." Emma replied.  
Mr B then put Emma's shoulder length blonde hair in a pony tail, and slowly
  almost sensuously began to cover her entire body from the neck down in baby
  oil. Emma could not help herself and shivered at the delicious sensations,
  even as he massaged the oil into her still sensitive breasts. As he worked
  towards her pussy she felt her juices flowing, and was sure that Mr B could
  smell her desire just as she could. In fact Emma could not see Mr B grinning
  at the sight of her juices running down her inner thighs.  
He suddenly inserted two fingers from each hand simultaneously into Emma's
  vagina and anus, causing her to buck with the discomfort caused by the double
  intrusion. Soon Mr B was finished oiling her and stood back to admire the tanned
  glistening body.  
It took an instant for the stinging pain to register on Emma's back&hellip;then
  she screamed. He had quietly removed the leather belt from his cargo shorts,
  doubled it over and used his full force across Emma's shoulder blades. Emma
  was breathing heavily to counter the pain. Mr B struck again, this time across
  the lower back, and again Emma screamed.  
"Are you starting to understand the consequences of doing things without
  asking and not being respectful Emma?" Mr B enquired harshly.  
"Oh yes. Oh God yes Sir. I'm sorry Sir!" Emma sobbed.  
Mr B struck again, this time across the still tender buttocks. Again Emma
  screamed. Mr B moved round in front of Emma and struck twice more across Emma's
  flat stomach, each blow eliciting another howl of pain. He struck one final
  blow, an underhanded strike that arced up and slapped painfully into Emma's
  exposed pussy. Emma by this stage simply moaned, barely able to stand. Mr B
  removed the blindfold.  
"If you're having trouble controlling yourself Emma we'd best start orgasm
  deprivation now."  
He went to the cupboard and retrieved a 6" vibrator and some sports strapping
  tape. He turned the vibe on and inserted it into Emma's pussy.  
Emma moaned from the pain despite its easy passage into her cunt. Mr B then
  deftly taped the vibe in place, its low humming and Emma's hoarse breathing
  the only sounds in the room.  
"You may not see them but there are closed circuit cameras in the room, Emma.
  I could be watching at any time. Make sure you don't cum." Mr B quickly turned
  and left the room.  
Emma thought Mr B must be mad if he thought she might cum considering the
  pain she was in. Yet within half an hour the pain was dying down and she found
  herself concentrating on the pleasant buzz inside her to distract herself from
  the torturous marks on her back and belly. She soon found herself trying to
  grip the vibe spasmodically with her vaginal muscles. Suddenly she realised
  that what she was doing would be obvious to anyone watching, but could not
  see the cameras that were supposedly there. Despite herself she was getting
  to the stage where she had to fight the urge not to cum. She had no idea how
  long she had been left there, but guessed it was about an hour. Suddenly Mr
  B was back in the room.  
"Looking a bit hot and bothered Emma?" enquired Mr B. "Do you want to cum?"  
"Ohhh yes please Sir! Please let me cum." Emma moaned.  
Mr B moved closer and stroked Emma's clit feeling the vibe humming away inside
  her, then ripped off the tape causing Emma to yelp. He grabbed the vibe and
  slid it in and out a few times, then removed it completely. Emma moaned in
  frustration. For the rest of the day Mr B came in the room every half hour
  or so and brought Emma to the brink of climax. With his experience he could
  tell when she was close. Sometimes he'd use the vibe, at others his fingers
  on her clit and in her pussy. Mr B came in for the last time late in the afternoon,
  but Emma had no idea of the time. Her body was still slick with baby oil and
  her inner thighs covered in her sticky juices.  
He released the overhead chain and Emma dropped to her knees. He then removed
  the cuffs from her hands but left her ankles strapped to the bolts in the floor
  so her legs remained spread as she knelt in front of him.  
"Are you ready to cum now Emma?" Mr B asked.  
"Yes Sir, you know I want to Sir." Emma said pleadingly.  
He unzipped his shorts releasing his semi-hard cock.  
"It occurs to me you haven't sucked me off since you've been here, Emma.
  Let's see how good you are then I might let you cum."  
Mr B took a step closer offering his cock to Emma's upturned face. Emma had
  sucked off plenty of guys before and secretly thought she was pretty good at
  it. Although in the past she had fully expected the treat to be reciprocated,
  she had no such illusions that Mr B would go down on her.  
Emma reached up and gently cupped his balls. At the same time her other hand
  reached out and grasped the base of his now solid cock. She slowly leaned forward
  and began to lick the tip, all the while looking up into Mr B's eyes. When
  she had the tip nice and wet, she began to slowly lick up and down the sides,
  all the while slowly massaging and squeezing his balls. Mr B moaned.  
"Ok bitch suck it now&hellip;put it in that sweet little pommie slut mouth
  of yours," Mr B ordered.  
Emma put just the knob in and slowly began to wank his throbbing phallus.
  He groaned and reached down to grab Emma's ponytail. She began wanking his
  cock faster now, at the same time swirling her tongue around the bulbous head.
  Mr B gripped the ponytail hard and pulled Emma's hand from his cock. Holding
  her by the hair he began to force his large tool into her mouth. Emma was not
  used to the size and struggled not to gag as the throbbing cock went all the
  way to the back of her throat. Mr B began pumping in and out of her mouth slowly
  at first, but quickly sped up. He was fucking her face and all Emma could do
  was endure it and concentrate on breathing through her nose. After about ten
  minutes Emma's jaw was aching and she was wishing he would cum soon. No sooner
  had the thought entered her head, Mr B threw his head back, and began spewing
  his cum into her mouth.  
"Aaaaarrggggh. Swallow it bitch!" Mr B yelled. "Spill a single drop and I'll
  punish you slut!"  
Emma was swallowing furiously as spurt after massive spurt of hot cum erupted
  into her mouth. Emma had always hated the taste of cum but could guess at the
  consequences of not swallowing now. Mr B held Emma in place for a couple of
  minutes until his cock started to soften. As he pulled out he twisted Emma's
  face up to see a small trickle of cum running from the corner of her mouth.  
"Hmmmm didn't quite swallow it all did you, Emma? We'll forget that for now.
  Are you ready to cum?" Mr B enquired.  
Despite having just been face fucked, Emma was still as horny as hell after
  all the teasing she'd been given earlier in the day.  
"Yes please Sir." Emma asked eagerly. Mr B sat back in the chair.  
"Get yourself off with your hand Emma."  
Emma was suddenly selfconcious. She had masturbated many times before, but
  never in front of someone. She tentatively reached down and with her middle
  digit slowly began to rub it up and down her swollen moist slit. She looked
  up and her eyes locked on Mr B's intent gaze. Before long she was frantically
  frigging herself, all thoughts of embarrassment gone&hellip;two fingers ramming
  her pussy, her thumb on her clit and her other hand gently tugging on the ring
  through her nipple. Emma was moaning loudly and rapidly approaching orgasm.
  Then it hit her, wave after wave of pleasure, her cunt spasming around her
  fingers, her juices spilling out over her hand. For 30 seconds her whole body
  spasmed, then she slumped forward onto the floor. Emma looked up at Mr B as
  she regained her breath.  
"Thank you Sir" Emma gasped. Mr B stood, locked the cupboard, released Emma's
  ankle cuffs and left the room all without saying a word. Emma heard the door
  being bolted after he left.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Irb784


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





