BDSM Library - April May




April May
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college student becomes the victim of a mind controller, who then sells her to a sadistic pimp.April May   
by Dennis C. Lee   
   
Chapter One - Tramp On The Run   
   
There was a girl running through the forest. Poor thing. She had shoes, that
  wasn't the problem, although they were a pair of white four inch heels, which
  certainly made the running difficult. She had clothes, a loose grey sweat shirt
  cut at midriff and cutoff blue jean shorts, tailored so tight at the crotch
  that even a camel would've cried for a size larger. I mean, they were comfortable
  for running. But she wasn't comfortable. For one thing, she was being chased,
  actually hunted, and that scared her like a bunny sensing a hunter. The other
  thing was her new breasts. They were more than twice the size they'd been just
  a month ago. They were a bulking weighty intrusion and their bouyancy, the
  slow heavy bounce with each leap she made, gave her a lopsided feeling, as
  if she might fall over whenever both tits jiggled like heavy jello toward one
  side or the other.  
If she cared to try, April wouldn't remember where or how she got her new
  improved and enlarged udders. Her mind was fully concerned about her escape.
  What she didn't know was it wasn't an escape at all, her captors had allowed
  her to bolt out the back door of their hunting cabin after hypnotically planting
  the notion in her head that she ought to bolt. Simply put, they were hunting
  her for sport. The winner would take all; all that he could screw and abuse
  for a night in front of the cabin's fireplace. The five hunters who shared
  the cabin had rented April from her pimp who they'd met at the Pitt Stop, a
  strip club outside Pittsburgh where she'd been a dancer, mostly. That is, when
  she wasn't dancing Frost-T had her bringing in the cah-ching through private
  and sometimes not so private sessions. April had been one of Frost-T's best
  cash cows ever since he'd bought her off of JB Neuman, the hypnotist April
  had the misfortune of bumping into in the Pitt campus library six months ago.  
Actually, it was JB who purposely bumped into her, and he had just enough
  acting ability to make her think she was at fault. As her shoulder aligned
  with his, the bump was unavoidable, and JB made a huge deal of dropping an
  armful of papers.  
&quot;Hey, watch where you're going!&quot;  
&quot;Ah! Excuse me... I'm so sorry,&quot; April had been appropriately confused
  by the sudden collide, on top of which she'd been raised so gentiley (by an
  old-school Protestant family) that the manners of apology came to her automatically
  with every social surprize. One could say that at 19 she had yet to develop
  street smarts, not even suspicions about the possible ulterior motives of strangers. &quot;Are
  you alright?&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, I guess.&quot; JB housted up his bulky frame, and his belt over
  his ample belly, and gave a sigh. &quot;No harm done. How about you?&quot;  
April was kneeling picking up his strewn papers.  
&quot;Me? Oh. I'm ok. Thank you.&quot; She handed him his scribbled notes.
  If she'd had time to look at them closely she would have seen that JB had developed
  profiles of all the newbie babes at Pitt who might be vulnerable to his mind
  control methods. Even though he took a couple classes to justify being on campus,
  at 31 JB Neuman was a little old to be a student.  
&quot;You sure?&quot; JB arched one eyebrow, projecting an intense gaze into
  her green large doelike eyes. &quot;Would you mind if I gave you a little check-up
  before you go, just to make sure?&quot;  
&quot;Make sure of what?&quot;  
&quot;That you haven't had a mini-seizure, or that your equilibrium has been
  thrown off.&quot;  
It sounded improbable to April, yet this man had the manner of an intellectual,
  perhaps even a doctor. He verified that he was a pre-med student, and that
  his specialty was going to be neurology.  
&quot;How long will it take?&quot; She asked.  
&quot;Three minutes, maybe less. Please, sit down.&quot; She did. &quot;First,
  how do your eyes feel?&quot; He continued gazing deep into them. His concern
  amused her a bit, he seemed so serious. But his attention also made her feel
  comfortable and special. She was a bit introverted here at college, and even
  though she was very pretty in a girlish more than a womanly way, she'd had
  few college guys making advances toward her - they all seemed more interested
  in the 'glamour pusses', the girls who dolled thamselves up more for attention.
  April had never been that way. She used make-up sparingly and prided herself
  on a more natural look. Sadly, she found herself making few friends that way.  
&quot;My eyes are fine, I guess.&quot;  
&quot;Let's make sure. Look upward as far as you can while holding your head
  faced forward.&quot;  
April tried it. It wasn't hard. Just a little awkward, maybe.  
&quot;Now,&quot; JB continued, happy that his prey was innocently following
  sugestions already. &quot;Relax your eyes in that position for the count of
  three. One. Two. Three.&quot;  
April was wondering what this eye test had to do with her health, but felt,
  well, she's come this far...  
&quot;Slowly lower your eyes now, until you are facing me.&quot;  
She did, and her relaxed eyelids followed her pupils downward. Seeing this
  made JB quite happy. The test proved she was a good subject for hypnosis.  
&quot;Everything seems to be ok,&quot; he said smiling. &quot;I just wanted
  to test you on one more thing.&quot; JB pulled a purple stone out of his pocket.
  April found herself oddly fascinated by the object immediately. It was very
  smooth, shiny and pretty, yet at the same time the dark purple color gave the
  stone an exotic look.  
&quot;What is your name?&quot;  
&quot;April. April Simmons.&quot;  
&quot;April, I want you to imagine this stone contains the essence of your
  heart, mind and soul.&quot;  
&quot;Why would you want me to do that?&quot;  
&quot;Because your happiness and pleasure will be within whoever holds this
  stone. And you deserve happiness and pleasure, April. Because you're a good
  girl.&quot;  
A part of her knew what he was doing and wanted to resist. But her curiousity
  and his calm relaxing manner made her want to play along.  
Whatever he said or did next is now a blur to her. April remembers following
  JB out of the library and into a nearby apartment building. There were many
  students, mostly guys, walking through the hallway as JB escorted her to a
  small bedroom with a large recliner chair, in which she was ordered to sit.
  Something deep within April was excited by following the fat young man's orders,
  knowing she was getting herself into a potentually dangerous situation.  
When she now has a moment free of her intensely horny feelings, she recalls
  being spellbound by the eyes of the fat, slovenly man who held the purple stone
  which contained her soul. She recalls his voice droning on with instructions
  that went straight to the center of her brain. His voice in her brain began
  to sound like her own voice; whatever he said, she would repeat in the voice
  deep within.  
 * * * * * *  
As April ran through the thick dark and damp forest, her young augmented
  breasts jostled, and so did her memory. She remembered a normal childhood in
  a happy family, an average schoolgirl in an average town who managed to get
  above average grades so that she could get a scholarship to a great college.
  Had it all been a dream, or was this the dream?  
One of the things she remembered was that she began to love JB. It was a
  strange,illogical love that was obsessive nearly to the point of insanity.
  Gradually her every thought had become a warm sensual glow revolving around
  the desire to please him. The willowy, thin girl wondered how she could be
  falling in love with such an obese, slovenly boy, but such thoughts were fleeting.  
She wrote to her mom and dad that she's found a boyfriend at school, but
  she didn't go into much detail. They were happy for her. She'd been quite an
  introvert throughout high school. Oh, she had a group of a few close friends,
  and she was very cute in a mousy way, with her light brown hair with a few
  natural highlights setting off her round soft green eyes and pert nose. There
  were quite a few guys who vied for her attention, but her late-blooming and
  shy personality disuaded them from following through when she seemed to lack
  interest in them.  
JB spent the first three hypnosis sessions with April conditioning her mind
  toward warm erotic feelings of affection before he began the physical, sexual
  phase. It had been his experience that bitches were more obedient for the long
  term if they were conditioned to think intensely of sex while at the same time
  being denied it, at least in the beginning. Later, they would be prime mental
  slaves who would get hornier through humiliation.  
That's how JB really liked his girls. April would be his fourth, the other
  three he'd used until he'd gotten bored with them, then he'd sold them off
  to pimps. He never even asked much, the top price he'd gotten for his college
  girls turned into brain-addled submissive sluts was five hundred bucks, and
  he was well aware that any one of those cute babes would make their pimp at
  least that much in one night. But JB never wanted to take the chance of being
  busted pimping the girls, his thrill was looking down at the pleading eyes
  of a gorgeous hot college slut as her lips were wrapped lovingly around his
  rigid, though somewhat small, member. Before he'd mastered mind control, the
  girls throughout high school had laughed at him, espescially when the jocks
  he was forced to take showers with in phys-ed spread it around his classes
  what a little dick he had. Walking down the hallways JB's face would turn red
  every time he heard those smart-ass bitches giggle and call him bugfucker and
  eraserdick. That's when he determined one day he would get his revenge.  
And tonight, after patiently molding April's thoughts and feelings, he would
  get his revenge on the female gender once again.  
She knew he was coming over and she was all excited. She'd spent hours getting
  everything ready. A dinner that included all three of his favorite foods; pizza,
  burritos and hamburgers, and of course plenty of ice cream, pie and beer. Fortunately,
  the girl April shared the Shadyside apartment was away for a week, espescially
  since April had the urge all day to do the cooking practically in the nude;
  she wore only a tiny thin cotton apron, the top part of which started at her
  nipples (which were hard as stone all day), then fell across her front in a
  round lacy piece that barely protected her crotch area.  
Several days hence, right after one of her relaxing sessions with JB, returning
  home she's walked directly to the bathroom and shaved every hair from her genital
  area, til she was as smooth as a baby's behind. She even applied baby powder,
  patting it in and giggling mindlessly as she lay on her bed feeling wonderfully
  stupid and contented, hoping JB would soon see and like her puffy bald pussy.  
&quot;Pussy.&quot; She said softly out loud. It had always seemed offensive
  to call it that before, but now she liked the term. She wanted to give her
  pussy to JB. She wanted him to please himself with it any way he wanted.  
JB was two hours late when he banged on her door. He purposely hadn't taken
  a shower for two days. He wanted April to smell his funk, so that she'd be
  simultaneously repelled and turned on by it. He'd also been drinking, because
  he knew it put him in a nasty mood.  
April had changed into a transparent black minidress. She opened the door
  and oddly felt herself awestruck by the presence of this young man who would
  go unnoticed by most other women. But to April he was a god who had just blessed
  her by his appearance in her hallway.  
&quot;Hello, Sir. Thank you for coming. I thought maybe you'd forgotten...&quot;  
&quot;First of all, shut the fuck up. From this moment on you will only speak
  when spoken to. Got that?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Now, life that skirt and spread your legs.&quot;  
She couldn't help blushing as she did, even though she was so excited that
  he was seeing her pussy for the first time. JB extended one hand and felt up
  her smooth puffed out lips. Her eyeballs dialated and her heart palpultated
  as he tickled her naturally-lubed clitoris with a stubby finger.  
Suddenly, seemingly for no reason, he smacked her hard across the face, sending
  her reeling to the floor. April lay stunned, feeling her left cheek swell and
  eye water up.  
JB just stood there looking amused. He belched. &quot;Where's the head? I
  drank four beers and I gotta piss.&quot;  
&quot;Down the hallway to the left.&quot; She spoke meekly and pointed in
  the direction. As she heard the flow into the toilet, she picked herself up
  sniffling. Had she offended him? Would he still make love to her? She worried
  to the depths of her sould that she had done something wrong.  
He walked into the kitchen. &quot;I didn't flush because I want you to save
  it. You got that?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; Save it for what, she wondered? Never mind, at least
  he was staying. She set the table and put a huge slice of pizza and a beer
  poured into a frosted mug in front of him. Then she sat next to him, hands
  under her chin, and gazed adoringly at his face as he stuffed it with the sloppy
  cheese/tomato sause concoction, a good third of it spewing down the sides of
  his mouth and onto his rotund chin.  
&quot;Whatcha lookin' at, bitch? Go put some music on. Make it sexy music,
  Prince or something phat,&quot; he bellowed. She was already up and scanning
  her CD collection. Thankfully, she had a copy of the Purple One's greatest
  hits. The thunderous opening riff of 'Peach' filled the apartment.  
&quot;Good,&quot; JB blurted between bites. &quot;Now, get up on this table
  and give me a show. Strip outa that cheap tramp dress you got on.&quot;  
For a split second April felt a pang of offense to his words, yet it didn't
  stop her from climbing onto the table and slowly moving her hips. She'd never
  been much of a dancer because of her shyness, but she knew she had to please
  her man. As she stripped, April felt a deep anxiety within herself. JB, the
  man she desperately wanted, had yet to touch her, except for brutally smacking
  her in the face. Thinking of that smack slowly made her feel sensual, and her
  dance became more and more hot and lewd. Hurting her was his way of showing
  he liked her, she realized, and that was better than nothing.  
&quot;Faster, you dumb cunt!&quot; JB had just chugged another beer. She
  quickly discarded the dress. She danced naked, trying to show the passion she
  felt for him through her movements. He stood, grabbed her arm and pulled her
  off the table, making her gasp and sounding a girlish squeek.  
He drew her chest to him and sucked in a nipple, squeezing the tit further
  into his mouth with out hand and pawing a pert round asscheek with the other.
  And so it began.  
She'd been a good girl. What was she doing? Through that night he question
  would pop into her head and just as quickly pop away. He had her kneeling in
  front of him sucking his cock, then licking and sucking his ballsack. He came
  in her mouth and told her to hold the cum in her cheek until he came back from
  pissing out more of the beer in her toilet. The bowl was beginning to fill
  so much she could smell the acrid odor from the kitchen. He returned and said, &quot;Swallow.&quot; She
  did.  
He bent her over his fat legs and spanked her hard, twenty times. Then he
  said his hand was starting to hurt and ordered her to go to the kitchen and
  find something nice and hard to use as a paddle. April returned with a metal
  spatula. JB whipped her asscheeks furiously. When she finally began crying,
  he began laughing.  
She'd been a good girl, so what was she doing? Next, he dragged her by the
  hair to the bedroom and threw her on it, her mascara-smeared eyes looked back
  at him pleading, pleading to please him even more. His bulky rotund weight
  eclipsed her frail girl's body like a watermelon on a twig. Except for her
  small feet and thin-fingered hands, one would think JB were alone in the room,
  humping a mattress. But he wasn't humping a mattress, he was fucking April,
  and ashamed as she was to be used like a dishrag, she loved it, and came and
  came and came on the command of a trigger word that even she was not consciously
  aware of.  
He did a few more things to her that night. Gagged her with her panties,
  whipped her with his belt, made her stick a carrot up her asshole, sucked hickies
  all over her neck and breasts for her classmates to see the next day. And he
  repeated a few things too; another blowjob, another crushed fuck.  
But the peas la resitance was holding her head under the beer piss in the
  toilet bowl and, just when she was about to pass out, flushing it. April, her
  hair and face soaked and stinking, gasping, wailing, crying and then finally,
  as he put on his jacket and headed for the door, pleading with him not to go.  
&quot;Look at you,&quot; JB said contemptuously as he reached for the doorknob. &quot;You
  are one sick nympho slut, you know that?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; She stammered between sobs. She'd been a good girl.
  What had she become?  
&quot;You will think of me continuously until you hear from me again. You
  will masturbate as often as possible thinking of me, but will not be able to
  cum until you hear from me again. Understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;  
He chuckled. &quot;See you around, slut.&quot;  
 * * * * * * * *  
One of the hunter's sons, a freckled redheaded lad named Billy, had April
  in the sites of his longrange tazer, but couldn't pull the trigger, being that
  he was so mezmerized by the slow motion roll of the melonous mounds on her
  chest. And anyway, he wanted the chase to go on longer, it was so much fun.
  Whether he was the one to bag the bitch or not, Billy knew the guys would let
  him fuck her, os at least get a blowjob from the cute little slut. The winner
  might have her all night, but the winner always shared, too. That's the way
  these outings always went.  
April tried to leap over a fallen treetrunk, but her high heeled shoeboots
  didn't quite give her enough traction, and she found herself falling face and
  chest first into a puddle of mud on the trunks far side. She groaned in frustration,
  and as she did another memory came back to her.  
 * * * * * * * *  
Next it was his friends. After a few weeks JB began runing out of ideas for
  abusing April, besides which mid-terms were coming up. April of course was
  going to flunk out since it was impossible for her to think of anything but
  sex and love of the most obsessive kinds. She was an emotional wreck, and although
  JB's programming forbade her from doing anything that interfered with the ruitines
  of his life (anybody else with her level of obsession would have been a full-fledged
  stalker), her wounded puppy looks and fawning lovesick and begging manner was
  starting to irritate him.  
So he had a few friends over one night. Five friends to be exact. It wasn't
  really a party, that is; it wasn't a party until he brought April in. JB made
  certain she was deeply conditioned for this new direction in her submissive
  training. He went over to her apartment an hour early and put her in the next
  level of trance. Once under, he pulled the dark purple stone from his pocket.  
&quot;What is this, my little skank?&quot;  
&quot;It is the stone that contains the essence of my heart, mind and soul.&quot; Her
  voice was meek, little more than a whisper.  
&quot;You love and obey whoever possesses the stone. Repeat.&quot;  
&quot;I love and obey whoever possesses the stone.&quot;  
&quot;Tonight, there will be five more stones held by boys who you will obey
  as you obey me. Each of them will have purple stones that also contain your
  essence. You will love each of them as you love me.&quot; With those words
  April felt herself become warm and loving toward five guys who she hadn't even
  met yet, and she glowed in anticipation of giving pleasure to them, even though
  they were strangers. &quot;Do you understand, slut?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Now go and get dressed. Wear something slinky and put on the brightest,
  most whorish makeup you've got. Your 'lovers' like girls who look sexy and
  stupid. And you are sexy. Repeat.&quot;  
&quot;I am sexy.&quot; April felt herself get wet and felt all slinky as
  she spoke.  
&quot;And you are stupid.&quot;  
&quot;And I am stupid.&quot; With these words she felt a part of her mind
  go numb. There was no reason to think to much beyond the commands she was given.
  April felt happy being dumb.  
Even JB was surprized at how easily April accepted the hypnotic commands.  
A few hours later she was delivered to a house in the suburbs. She wore a
  pink tube top and a white miniskirt, sans panties. Her face looked like something
  a silly little girl of ten would paste on to look like a doll; pink glittery
  lipstick, heavy mascara, long lashes, eggshell blue eyeshadow and plenty of
  tangerine colored blush. To the five horny guys she looked like Christmas,
  Easter and Halloween all rolled into one.  
The guys started a game of poker, and one by one excused themselves to go
  to a back bedroom where they would screw April, their adoring and adorable
  little fuck doll. Most of them were pretty nice and straight about the sex,
  a blowjob and a missionary hump was all they needed. But one guy, Oscar, had
  a mean, sadistic streak. She yelled as he pulled her around the room by her
  hair, just warming up.  
Oscar took of his pants and sat on the bed in his boxers. He'd worn them
  all week and they were stained from sweat and piss. He was a skinny guy with
  a long think cock that made a huge indentation in his shorts, the big round
  knob falling below the bottom edge of the shorts.  
&quot;On your knees.&quot; He took a long drag of his cigarette. April fell,
  genuflecting before him. &quot;Now suck it.&quot; She went to pull it out of
  the boxers. &quot;No, dumbass!&quot; He slapped her once, hard. &quot;Suck
  it through my skivies. Take the shorts in your mouth and get ot all wet.&quot;  
Through the fog of her induced stupidity, April managed to understand the
  order. She leaned forward and put her lips to the cloth of the shorts. Their
  was a pungent odor and taste that repelled her for a moment, almost making
  her want to vomit. A moment later however, the warmth for Oscar took over and
  she suck his cock through the material, drolling sloppily as the texture of
  cloth combined with the thick weight of the hardening rod beneath it, began
  turning her on. She felt humilated and her face was flushed. How could she
  be such a common piece of ass? Oh, but God she loved him - in her mind she
  believed he had her heart, mind and soul in his pocket.  
As the sun came up and JB returned to collect her, April had a few physical
  suveneirs. From four of the poker boys she had a cunt and a belly full of jizz,
  and from Oscar she had a fat lip, black and blue marks on her nipples from
  alligator clamps, and matching cigarette burns on each side of her pussy lips.
  And yet the girl was happy in a punchdrunk kind of way. Her brain may have
  been addled but her vagina was anything but. If she were counting, she'd had
  seven orgasms that night. Even as they drove away, April leaned back against
  the passenger side seat and thought fondly, lovingly and hornily of the boys
  who had just used her like a shitwipe, the new pains throughout her body a
  warm and pleasant reminder of a job well done, her lovers being well served.
  As her hypnotist drove he glanced over at the weirdly contented girl and chuckled.
  He'd fucked up her mind but good.  
JB didn't sell April to a pimp right off. He took her down to a strip club
  know as the Pitt Stop and had her meet Abel Grantif, the head honcho. Right
  away April's thin frame and small breasts made Abel suspicious of her age.  
&quot;She's been 19 since for three months now,&quot; JB produced her driver's
  license and birth certificate, having anticipated the crude club owner's qurestion. &quot;And
  she loves to dance. Loves swinging that cute butt of hers in men's faces,&quot; he
  laughed.  
&quot;That right, honey?&quot; Abel blew smoke in April's direction.  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; She smiled as sweetly as she could, bit her lower lip
  like a shy child and stood coyly knockkneed and pigeontoed like JB had programmed
  her to do for the occassion. JB had known the club owner liked girls who acted
  young and dumb. He'd even had her go easy on the makeup, as well as wear a
  pleated short Catholic schoolgirl skirt.  
&quot;So, let's see it,&quot; Abel stretched to turn up the CD player, which
  was kicking out some phat beats by the Chemical Brothers.  
Immediately April went into her sultry bump and grind, licking her lips and
  gyrating her ass. Somewhere deep in her head a voice murmered that she had
  once been a good girl and she was now acting like a whore, but that voice was
  quickly obliterated by an overwhelming wanton desire. She was dancing for JB
  and his friend, and she loved JB.  
Abel Grantif liked what he saw. &quot;Now strip. Do it slow. Remember, you
  have three songs onstage once an hour. You want to have your top off by the
  end of the first song, your bottom off by the end of the second, then collecting
  tips in your garter while you show everybody your pussy for the finale.&quot;  
All the intricate instructions were making the newly-stupid slut dizzy, but
  she tried her best to follow them because her lover was smiling, and so was
  his friend, so this must be important. She was up on Abel's desk by the end
  of the third song, wearing nothing but her white schoolgirl shoes, lace socks
  and the garter JB had remembered to have her wear.  
This girl is good, real good, the boss thought. And she's cute too. He felt
  a stirring in his dick, which actually wasn't all that common anymore since
  he'd seen so many girls stripping every day, he'd become jaded. He peeled off
  a twenty from a wad of bills he always kept nearby for show, and placed it
  in April's garter as she girated her engorged bald quim near his face.  
&quot;Oh, my gawd!&quot; she gushed. &quot;Thank you, Mr. Grantif, sir.&quot;  
&quot;My pleasure, Sweetie. Now get under the desk and suck my cock while
  your manager and I do a little negotiating.&quot;  
 * * * * * * * *  
For the first few days, April lived in that office. Abel liked her around
  that much. He also wanted her to get the feel of the place. She met the other
  girls, who mostly treated her well, though some were suspicious and jealous
  of her because she was getting so much of the boss's attention.  
One of the girls, who called herself Modawna, took April under her wing to
  'show her the ropes', so to speak. Modawna was a beautiful black girl who had
  like April been a student at Pitt until she met JB Neuman. Neither of the girls
  were aware conscously that they were victims of mind control training, the
  black girl even told April that she had been intensely in love with JB.  
&quot;But now,&quot; a huge bright smile crossed Modawna's face, &quot;I
  found the true man of my dreams. I am deeply in love with Frost-T, my personal
  manager.&quot; April was curious about this, because she couldn't imagine falling
  out of love with her wonderful JB.  
Madawna showed the new girl around the various sections of the premises.
  There was the stage, the bar, the front audience seats, the sidewall audience
  booths that the girls called 'the blowjob seats' because they were equipt with
  pillow padding on the floor for the girl's knees as they knelt to suck the
  dicks as the customers relaxed and watched the show. It was all for an extra
  cost, of course. There were also five small cubicles behind the stage equipt
  with small beds and sex toys for the johns who wanted straight fucking, ass
  fucking, or perhaps something a bit rougher involving bondage, spanking or
  whipping. On the weekends the sex rooms were very busy, and sometimes even
  had lines outside the doors, so that Abel had to impose a twenty minute limit
  on the room activity. There was even a seperate little bathtub room for customers
  who wanted to piss on a girl. It was all for an extra price, and there were
  quite a few wealthy gentlemen who paid a very expensive yearly membership fee
  to be allowed total access of the facilities and the strippers. These members
  could also, for a seperate fee, take a girl home for a night. Occassionally
  a girl wouldn't come back from such nights, and the rumor among the strippers
  would be that she had been bought as a sex slave.  
By Thursday Abel felt it was time April start dancing. He thought he was
  clever in inventing a stage name for her, 'April May', which he posted at the
  bottom of the list of strippers on the poster outside the club.  
That night before getting dressed JB held her face in his hands, gazed deep
  into her eyes and said her secret trigger word. The next thing April knew,
  she was in front of a room full of men, swaying her booty as she sassily sauntered
  across the stage, dressed in a sheer pink thin-strapped top and a pretty pink
  thong hiked above a shiny black micromini skirt. A packed crowd of randy males
  were hooting and hollering for the new girl.  
&quot;Give it up, guys!&quot; the MC's voice had boomed over the heavy trip-hop
  music, &quot;for our first-time hottie, sweet little APRIL MAY!&quot; The rauchous
  cheering that followed made April feel happy and horny, and she smiled brightly
  as she sashayed down the runway toward the poll. She loved these guys, each
  and every one of them, and she was going to give them a great sexy show.  
to be continued; Chapter Two - April meets Frost-T the ho man   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dennis C. Lee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





