BDSM Library - Our Fun With Little Crystal




Our Fun With Little Crystal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The depraved acts of a husband and his hot perverted wife upon an innocent little girl.This is a work of pure fiction. Fantasy is an incredible
  thing, reality is not.  
   
OUR FUN WITH LITTLE CRYSTAL   
My wife and I picked up this young girl near a school last summer. She was
  playing on the swings without a care in the world, so full of innocence and
  naivety. I never knew her age, only that her name was Crystal Murray. She was
  just beginning to develop soft titties that would become huge one day and her
  shape showed she was about to grow into a very sexy piece of ass. She had long
  straight blonde hair, big blue eyes, about 4'3" maybe, didn't look like she
  weighed over 65 pounds. Her long hair would playfully fly out behind her when
  she was ascending, but fly around her face, framing it and brushing over her
  newly growing tits when she would descend in the swing. She was smiling and
  laughing.  
When my wife first laid eyes on her several weeks ago she became very excited
  and said she was the one we would rape. In her excited state she unbuttoned
  her top, freeing her braless tits which were a full 38DD with large pierced
  nipples. My windows are not tented, so anybody could have seen her body, being
  so close to a school made this even more dangerous, but I loved it. She lowered
  her head to my lap, eagerly releasing my swelling cock, and began to sloppily
  suck and lick it as I continued to watch this girl play outside. My wife could
  suck cock! She loved to deep throat and choke on it. The sounds she made while
  sucking a cock are unbelievable! In only about two minutes I was feeding her
  my hot cream, which she always swallows enthusiastically. While I intently
  looked at the young girl, I imagined her choking on my salty cum.  
My wife finished cleaning my cock and then raised her head from my lap. She
  looked at the young innocent, my seed still weighing heavy on her tongue. She
  began to lift up her skirt and play with her dripping cunt. It was close to
  evening now, and the sun was just starting to go dark. The young girl hopped
  off the swing and began to walk out of the fenced in playground. There was
  nobody around, we even checked windows to make sure nobody was watching. We
  watched her many times, and knew she would walk right past our car. Sure enough,
  she walked past my door. I quickly looked around, jumped out, put a bag over
  her head and hit her as hard as I could. She collapsed to the ground without
  even having the chance to scream. I picked up her light figure, definitely
  not more than 70lbs and threw her in the back of the car. I looked at my beautiful
  wife just as she came, smiling at me. My wife's fingers with long, brightly
  painted fingernails were covered in her slippery juice. She brought the juice
  covered digits to her mouth and loudly sucked on each finger, cleaning herself
  of her tangy sauce. She looked back at the unconscious form lying limply in
  the back seat.  
My wife kissed me deeply and then climbed to the back with the little darling.
  She wasted no time in stripping her. She took the bag from her face so she
  wouldn't suffocate before we could have our fun. My wife tied the princess's
  arms behind her back, then immediately went down to lick the virgin girl cunt.
  She commented on how unbelievably sweet this girl was before quickly burying
  her face in the hairless cunt again. I could hear her making loud lapping sounds
  as she hungrily fed off the girl's innocence. I tried to adjust my rear view
  mirror to watch her feed off that young pussy as I started the car and pulled
  away, but couldn't get a good enough view as she was down low so other cars
  couldn't see her. Even through my wife's expert tongue action, the girl never
  woke up, I must've hit her harder then I thought.  
After what seemed like hours and hours, we arrived home about 45 minutes
  later. By this time it was nighttime. I quickly eyed the situation, got out
  and grabbed the little girl. Even in the dim light, I could see my wife's face
  covered in glistening cunny sauce. I grabbed the limp form, and ran inside
  with her, my hand resting comfortably between her warm thighs. My wife followed
  me closely. We were laughing and shaking in excitement. We finally had her
  home! Now the real fun could begin. We hurried into our kitchen, moved the
  kitchen table and lifted the throw rug to reveal a trap door leading to an
  old cellar that we had fixed up just for such an occasion.  
We walked down the creaky old wooden steps. Surrounding us was old stone
  in a place that was about 10x15 feet. I wished it were bigger, but we managed
  to fix it up nicely, if not being a little crowded. There was a queen sized
  bed we built and had in a corner, there were also camera's set up around it
  with high quality sound systems to catch every whimper. Along the wall was
  an assortment of whips, chains, bondage devices, masks, and many toys ranging
  from small to extremely, rather impossibly large! I would use some of this
  stuff on my wife on a regular basis and she loved it, but the most wickedly
  painful and even lethal of the assortment we had saved for tonight, and the
  days to follow. She had no problem with the thought of inflicting pain, or
  even death on another woman, even a little girl. In fact, that was when I would
  receive even hotter blow jobs and fucks, the nights we'd fantasize about what
  we were about to start. There wasn't much light other then the lamps we used
  for the cameras, which created images and shadows on the walls I'm sure would
  keep this little girl scared even when we weren't around to play with her.  
My wife attached the bondage restraints to the ceiling and I easily held
  the small girl with one hand as I attached one, then two wrists in restraints.
  This was the first time in about half an hour I finally let her go. Her weight
  came down on her wrists as her legs were slack. Still, she didn't wake-up.
  My wife wasted no time stripping, and was totally nude, showing off her mature
  sexy body within a minute. I looked at the little girl, hanging there naked,
  her arms way over her head forcing her tits to look even smaller than they
  were. I couldn't believe how much I was shaking, my hands, knees, everything.
  This was somebody's child, somebody's whole life, and they would never see
  her again, and she would never see them again. Still though, I was growing
  a massive hard on. My wife wasn't as sentimental. She walked over to her while
  looking at me, and took a small nipple in her mouth and started to suck on
  it, pinching the other one between two fingers. She licked up the girl's neck
  and began to lick the girl's soft pink lips. Her mouth was slightly open, so
  my wife didn't hesitate to dip her long smooth tongue between the open lips
  and French kiss the girl right then. She had to bend way over to French the
  girl, so with a dry mouth I told her I would help her out. I went over to a
  crank on the far wall, and started to turn it. As soon as I did, the small
  girl started to rise more and more. My wife had me stop when the little girls
  face was her tit height. She pushed a swollen and meaty pierced nipple into
  the girl's mouth and manipulated her nipple around so in some way, she was
  making the girls dry tongue lick her very sensitive nipples. She began to giggle
  as she approached never before achieved sexual excitement. She finally let
  out a moan as she came from the lewd act she forced the unconscious girl to
  do. I began to crank the hoist again until she was face to face with my wife.
  After a few more small turns, her feet were off the ground and she was truly
  hanging by her petit wrists.  
My wife was truly excited, her pierced nipples fully aroused. She literally
  ran over to me, her tits bouncing and jiggling deliciously and began to rip
  the clothes off of me. Within minutes, she had me as nude as she was, and my
  huge erection couldn't hide my excitement. She started to lick and bite my
  neck, and then said "come on baby, wake the little cunt up!" I grabbed a bucket
  of ice water and smelling salt. My wife dropped to her knees and began to fellate
  my cock as I opened the salt and held it under the girls nose. After a minute
  or so, she groggily came around. I grabbed my wife by her thick hair and lifted
  her up roughly to a standing position because I didn't want to cum yet, and
  she had me really close. I grabbed the girls small delicate face and said "hey
  little girl whore, open up your eyes. NOW YOU FUCKING LITTLE WHORE!" My wife
  was standing behind me, her arms around me peeking around my right arm as she
  rubbed my stomach and chest. I would feel her soft full lips kiss the back
  of my arm from time to time. She is such a loving wife. The girl finally opened
  those huge blue doe eyes of hers only a fraction of their true size. Her mouth
  came open as if she was about to say something, but then closed again as she
  started to lose consciousness again. I told my wife to throw the ice water
  over her. Without hesitation and with much appreciation, she grabbed the metal
  bucket, and dashed it over the little girls face and chest. This had the effect
  we had wanted. The girl sprang to life, screaming and kicking. She thrashed
  around and you could see her goose pimples even in the dim light and her small
  nipples harden. With renewed energy, I came up to her and slapped her across
  the face. The SMACK echoed across the room. She shut up and quit kicking, in
  shock for so many reasons. I instantly started interrogating her.  
 What's your name?! SMACK again. What is your name? I grabbed a nipple and
  twisted it to almost a full half circle while at the same time my satanic wife
  walked around to the back side of this soft girl and ran her fingernails down
  the girls back, leaving blood trails. She lifted up her hand to her mouth,
  the girls skin was stuck under her fingernails and she happily sucked the girls
  tan skin from under her nails and swallowed it. At the same time the girl screamed
  and started talking fast in a very young voice, "please don't, please. Why
  are you doing this? Please, I just want my mommy, what are you doing? Do I
  know you?" I grabbed her throat and squeezed. She instantly shut up. I began
  to talk slowly, thinking maybe the little cunt was too dumb to know how to
  answer questions. I asked your name. You don't want me angry do you? I released
  and she started to choke in air. She looked at me for the first time, right
  into my soul with deep eyes. Even I had to take a step back and think about
  what I was really doing. But then, then she started talking in that sweet,
  whispery, innocent voice, and I felt the power I had over her, the absolute
  power! Her lips quivering and her cheek already turning black and blue, she
  said "it's, it's Crystal, M&hellip;Murray." Her mouth was so dry, I almost
  felt sorry for her. "Well Ms. Murray" I said in a mocking voice, "I really
  don't care what your name is. Do you understand what is going on here?" She
  shook her head quickly, straining from the obvious pain her wrists and shoulders
  were in. "Well, cunt, you are no longer a free and innocent school girl. No.
  You are now just an object, a toy, nothing. You are holes, my masturbatory
  sleeve. You will pleasure me and my wife, and we will use you horribly, until
  we get rid of you as we see fit."  
 At this, my wife grabbed the girl by her long blonde hair, snapped her head
  back and ran her nails again down the girls back, laughing at her as she screamed.
  My wife then stepped directly in front of the young girl and again ate her
  treat, smiling cruelly at her. It was the first time the girl had seen her
  and my cock was pulsing with the cruel, dominating lust my wife showed to this
  girl. In a very sexy voice, my wife told her with authority that she would
  learn to become a great pussy licker as my wife spread her own large pussy
  lips open, revealing the still tight and well used hole. It was funny, because
  at first the girl acted relieved to see a woman, thinking that in today's age
  of equal rights and women in charge, she would help her. Little did she know
  that my wife was as submissive and perverted as they come, and she didn't believe
  anything about women equal rights and loved the thought of being submissive
  to me, but dominant to another female, even a young one. The look the girl
  gave her was one of more confusion and pain then anything I had said to her
  to that point. I smiled at my wife, and quickly commented that she would never
  see her mommy again, that the next place her mommy would see her was in the
  cemetary if she didn't do exactly what we said. She began to really cry, even
  convulse like she was going to throw-up. I would enjoy the second, which I
  felt would come very soon, as her young spirit broke, and she accepted what
  she was, nothing. A fate we wished more women truly understood. Men are the
  master's, women the prey. This girl wouldn't have the choice, she would be
  forced to accommodate her place in the world, at the end of a cock, or licking
  a pussy, among so many other perverted things! This girl was meat!  
 I walked up to her, looking down at her before lowering my head to her small,
  growing tits. My mouth came down on it and I sucked greedily, tasting her soft
  mounds for the first time. She began to cry and beg me to stop, which naturally
  only made me chew her nipple harder and swelled my cock. My wife began to lick
  her neck and told her to keep begging and crying because it made her wetter
  and made my cock sooooooooo hard! After chewing her left tit raw, I lifted
  my head telling her she was about to be fucked. She began to kick and scream
  again, crying, trying to hurt us. This couldn't be tolerated, so my wife grabbed
  a splintered wooden bat from the corner, and sent it into the little girl's
  tiny abdomen. The girl almost puked and heaved deliciously trying to assess
  what happened to her. I began to lower her and unclamped her hands, carrying
  her over to the dirty mattress. She was shaking so much her teeth were chattering,
  begging me to let her go while clenching her purpling stomach. Of course, my
  cock wouldn't let that happen, and even if it did, my wife would never let
  her go, you see, one of my wife's fantasies is to watch a girl die at our hands!
  Oh no, this girl was in for the time of our depraved lives.  
 She curled up in a ball and I laid next to her. My cock was standing at
  full attention, glistening precum from the swollen head. I stroked it and told
  my wife to make her start giving me a blowjob like a little whore should before
  I fuck her virgin pussy. My wife let out a devilish moan and walked over to
  us, grabbing the suffering girl and pulling her by her hair to my cock. The
  girl looked at it, terrified, obviously never seeing a man's cock before, especially
  one that would most joyously be used as a weapon against her body. Even though
  she was in pain, she tried to get away, to where, I don't know. My wife kicked
  her right in her tender stomach and put her face right next to hers. She told
  her in the most ferocious voice she had "Look bitch, that is my husband, he
  is the man and you WILL give him whatever he wishes or I'll fucking kill you
  myself. He is giving you the privilege to suck his cock to a satisfying cum,
  and you will wrap that pretty little mouth of yours around him and take him
  into your throat!" I smiled at my wife as she forced the crying, shaking little
  girl's mouth to my cock, instructing her to open her mouth or she'd cut her
  fucking nipples off. The girl opened up her mouth and I wasted no time putting
  my drooling cock into that soft, dry mouth of hers. Even though the little
  girl really wasn't sucking yet, it still felt great; the power I had over this
  girl was unbelievable. My wife started to scream at her to start sucking me
  off. The little girl sobbed but began to bob her head up and down, only taking
  in about an inch of my cock, but tasting the heavy precum on her tongue. She
  was gagging, which my wife and I found very amusing. My wife watched as the
  little girl, very inexperienced and obviously disgustedly sucked the very head
  of my cock. It was truly an obscene site, the small face and mouth of this
  young, innocent creature, crying horribly, stretched around my fully hard and
  thick cock. I had a young virgin, still playing with stuffed animals, giving
  me a blowjob, and even though she wasn't good at it, yet, I was about ready
  to feed her the full thickness of my cum. If she doesn't like precum, she's
  going to fucking hate swallowing my full thick load, but she will. My wife
  grabbed her little hand and forced her to grip the base of my thick, veiny
  cock, forcing her to pump it. After a minute of this, my wife looked at me,
  and at the pathetic girl, and with all her weight, pushed the girls head all
  the way down my cock. My eyes popped open and my wife started laughing excitedly
  as the girl struggled in vain to get up. The girl was choking, suffocating,
  obviously trying to vomit but couldn't. Her throat gagging on my cock sent
  me over the edge. I looked at the little girl, I could actually see her little
  throat stretched to an impossible size. I wondered if I would be able to even
  pull out of her throat. I let out a moan as I began to cum directly into her
  belly. I looked at the tortured face, buried in my pubic hair, every inch of
  my impressive cock, totally, and forcefully buried in this little girls face,
  well past where her throat ends and her esophagus begins. My wife let out a
  moan as she began to orgasm from the pure excitement and depravity of it all.
  Here she was, holding such a young girl down on her husbands cock, fully down
  on it, not allowing her to breathe. She could kill this little girl
  right now on her husband's powerful cock  , the thought was too
  much for her pussy to handle. She smiled back at me, and I let go with a long,
  loud "FUCKKKKKKKK". My cock was spasming, growing even larger in the girls
  stretched and tortured throat as the cum poured out of it, exploded into her.
  I can't remember ever cumming so hard before, but it wouldn't stop. It seemed
  the more I came, the more I had to cum. At first, the girl was shivering and
  heaving, but now, from lack of oxygen, began to slow, and then lay limp. My
  wife still never let her up, not allowing the girl to breathe until I was satisfied,
  even if it meant she couldn't do anything else to the girl because she had
  died while trying to breathe my cock. After about another minute, I finally
  stopped, grabbed the girl by her hair and pulled her off my satisfied, spit-slick
  cock. It looked like a snake withdrawing from her mouth, thick strands of spit
  attached me to her mouth in a porn like, perverted fashion. OH MY GOD, there
  was even blood across the last 1/3 of my cock from where we had obviously ripped
  her throat. We both thought she may have suffocated on her own blood. She wasn't
  breathing. So I laid her out flat, and began to push on her chest. After a
  few percussions, she coughed blood and cum all over her face, and continued
  to cough the mixture up for several hours with a hoarse, raspy cough. My wife
  and I fell asleep in each others arms on the mattress after we tied the little
  girl's arms and feet together as she lay on the cold dirty floor. We fell asleep
  listening to her choke and cough on the blood her throat was seeping from the
  forceful throat fuck my wife and I inflicted upon her. Actually, my wife and
  I had to fuck a few more times that night listening to her. We were going to
  have a great time!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sodepraved


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





