BDSM Library - Karmals Slavery




Karmals Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Karmal is a young woman who is captured and sold into slavery. She turns out to be a very good slave. Karmals' Slavery  
 part 1  
Karmal had decided to give herself a special treat for her 25th birthday.
  She decided to take a trip to Croatia. The ocean front resorts are picturesque
  even if a little beat up by the recent wars. The prices were right and it was
  exotic.  
Karmal asked the hotel concierge where she could rent a car. The weaselly
  little man never took his eyes off her chest the whole time he was talking
  to her. The only time he looked at her face was when he told her to go to his
  cousins car rental agency. Because he said 'Its the cheapest around ... good
  cars too. Right down the block!!' He was quite emphatic. So as soon as Karmal
  left the hotel. Weasel boy picked up his telephone.  
When Karmal walked into the dingy car rental agency office the man behind
  the counter was talking animatedly on the phone. He turned to look her way
  when the bell on the door rang. When he saw her he nearly dropped the telephone.
  He spoke something into it in Croatian and hung up.  
He asked her what she wanted. Karmal didn't know it but there were several
  cameras pointed at her. When she stopped in front of the counter one was embedded
  in the floor looking directly up her skirt. Another was looking down into her
  cleavage from the ceiling. A third thermal camera viewed her body as though
  she didn't have any clothes on. They revealed what everyone who knew her already
  knew. She was a statuesque, very sexual woman.  
Just what the slavers wanted.  
The man was very attentive to her though he had a hard time bringing his
  eyes to meet hers. It seemed that they were stuck on her cleavage.  
Karmal asked about beaches. The man thought briefly and as though he had
  decided on something gave Karmal detailed instructions to what he described
  as a very private beach. She took the car and set off in search of the nude
  beach the man so carefully told her about. As soon as she left the store with
  the car the man dialed a telephone. He said &quot;I have one for you. Just
  what you want. I'll expect a good fee for this one&quot;.  
Karmal found the beach. It was quiet and secluded and beautiful just as the
  man said it would be. Karmal walked out on the beach. She took off her top.
  It felt good to let the girls run free. Everybody at home seemed so entranced
  by them that she had to keep the bound up and hidden. Then the pants and underwear.
  Karmal decided a good run on the beach was just the ticket. She ran and her
  breasts bounced and her ass swayed. She felt incredibly free and sexy.  
Two men had followed Karmal from the time she left the car rental place.
  They were driving a gray van that didn't have either license plates or markings
  of any kind. They parked at the turn off to the beach. They watched Karmal
  from there using binoculars.  
&quot;God Damn! look at that!&quot; one of the men said. The other snatched
  the glasses away and peered through them. He reached for his own crotch as
  he watched the vision of womanliness that was Karmal play on the beach.  
Karmal ran and frolicked on the beach and played in the water until she grew
  tired. She decided to lie down and sleep in the shade of some grass at the
  edge of the beach.  
Karmal was never fully awake. Two men grabbed her and covered her mouth with
  a rag soaked in something really foul smelling. Karmal struggled and managed
  to kick one of them in the crotch. A third man jammed a cattle prod into her
  cunt. Karmal screamed as the jolt burst on her womanhood and up her spine to
  her brain. It was like she had been hit by a lightning bolt. She couldn't struggle
  much more and finally collapsed. The next day the rental car was returned without
  Karmal. The young man who drove it handed over a thick envelope to the car
  rental guy. They both smiled and giggled.  
When Karmal awoke she was in a foul smelling cell and strapped over what
  was clearly a fucking bench. Her head throbbed with the pain of being drugged.
  She struggled a little just to test her bindings. She was tied fast. She couldn't
  so much as wiggle. She began to cry out for help. A guard walked in. Karmal
  got another strong lightning bolt jolt right on her cunt. She screamed in pain.
  But this time she didn't pass out. She swore at the guard. He gave her another,
  and another. By the fourth she was blubbering incoherently and moaning.  
The guard reached between Karmals' wide spread legs. Her sex was dripping.
  Her clit was engorged. He snorted disgustedly at her and spat out the words
  of his contempt &quot;Shut up American whore. Here you will be used for the
  only thing you're good for... fucking. You will serve the needs of strong men.
  you will never see your home again slut!&quot;  
With that he gave her another shot to the cunt with the vicious cattle prod
  and started for the door. Just before he went out he struck her upturned rump
  with his riding crop. It left a bright red welt. Karmal just moaned a little
  more but nothing else.  
After the guard left a line of men entered her cell. She could not move or
  resist. One of them jammed a Whitehead gag into her mouth that propped her
  jaws open. Cocks filled her cunt and mouth continually.. nearly 14 hours. Karmal
  struggled occasionally but to little avail. The men who buried their cocks
  in her felt only more intense pleasure from her struggles. Finally a guard
  came and made the men leave. He shut the door. And used her cunt. Karmal only
  noticed a little that his cock was much larger than the others she had been
  filled with during the day.  
Then he took out a leather strap and showed it to Karmal. He spoke. &quot;Stinking
  American slut whore you will remember being here!&quot; With that Karmal heard
  a hiss and then a horrible stinging pain from her ass. The pain didn't really
  make itself known until after the fifth stroke had landed on her hind cheeks.
  The pain had been growing steadily but by then it became an unbearable fire
  on the surface of her beautiful round bottom. To add insult to injury occasionally
  the strap would lick into the crevice between Karmals' butt globes to the most
  tender recesses of her womanhood.  
When the strap licked her labia Karmal would make a particularly loud squeak
  and the man would laugh heartily and call her a slut. But Karmal could do very
  little to protect herself from the onslaught of the strap. The man kept at
  it for a while until he got tired. Karmal had long since stopped screaming
  because she had lost her voice.  
When he finished he asked &quot;How did you like that whore?&quot; He started
  to move toward the door but swung the strap one more time before turning out
  the light and leaving.  
When the door clanged shut for the night Karmal took stock of her body and
  felt that she was wearing a chastity belt of sorts. It appeared that her butt
  hole was covered so that only her cunt and mouth would serve these men. She
  had wondered vaguely why her ass hadn't been used that day.  
The next day the door opened and the line reformed Karmal hadn't eaten or
  been allowed to lay down. The cell reeked of urine and she was covered in dried
  semen. She was totally surprised that sometime during the afternoon of the
  second day she came. After that she came repeatedly at intervals in spite of
  the horrible stinking conditions and the abuse. Finally on the third day she
  was washed and some food was put in front of her. She ate heartily. Karmal
  found that aside from the stench and the tiredness....being fucked all the
  time suited her well.  
After she had finished her meal and been allowed for the first time in days
  to clean herself and use a proper toilet the guard came back in. He grabbed
  her and hung her up with her arms over her head. Her boobs extended proudly
  from her chest. The guard proceed to pinch the nipples and slap her breasts.
  By the time he was finished the boobs were covered with welts and bruises ...and...
  against her will she experienced yet another orgasm. The guard slapped her
  face. &quot;Silly American slut! You like the treatment! You shall have plenty
  of it!&quot;  
He bent her backwards over the fucking block and tied her down. Karmal was
  always proud of the thick thatch that covered her sex. The guard took an electric
  horse clipper and shaved her bald. Karmal squeaked as the dull contraption
  pinched her skin and pulled her pubic hair. When he had finished he abruptly
  opened the cell door. Fourteen hours later he repeated the beating from the
  day before.  
The next day the guard started to force Karmal's mouth open so he could put
  the Whitehead gag in. Karmal however startled him by just opening her mouth
  as wide as she could so the gag went in easily. With her jaws propped open
  the guard reached to pull her tongue out. Karmal extended her tongue and waited
  patiently for him to fastened it. She was rewarded by an electric shock to
  her left nipple from the cattle prod and a light slap on her face.  
Karmals' mouth was filled with a cock before she had a chance to even fully
  notice. The first cock was followed by a second and cock after cock filled
  her mouth. Each one squirted it's scum down her throat. There were days when
  her belly was so full of semen that she couldn't eat when they let her up.  
This went on for about six months. By the end Karmal was so depraved and
  broken that they didn't even have to tie her. She allowed the use of her cunt
  and mouth without resistance. She even occasionally seemed eager for some of
  the men to use her. One day an especially large cock attempted to throat fuck
  Karmal without the Whitehead gag. She involuntarily gagged. She heard the man
  cry out. She thought they were going to tear her jaw off after that. It took
  the threat of a gun from one of the guards to stop the man from pulling her
  teeth. No one tried to throat fuck her after that without the Whitehead gag.  
In the mean time after the days fucking and an abbreviated washing. Slut
  training was conducted. Karmal was educated in how to display her body. She
  learned how to ask a man if he wished her services. She learned an entire array
  of sex slave behaviors. Most of all she learned what she could expect from
  her future. What surprised everyone was that the future they discribed seemed
  to suit her. Karmal was resigned to her fate and excelled at the slut training.  
The routine continued on ... fucking, ...training, ... fucking... training.
  Karmal noticed that she was becoming bored with just fucking all the time.
  She hoped that if perchance she was purchased by a trainer that she would have
  something to do. Something physical to keep her body strong and fit. Little
  did Karmal know about the master waiting to buy her.  
Finally one day after the last man left, the trainer removed her anal chastity.
  Another man with a leather case came in and used her. Then he took out a syringe
  and filled it up. Karmal felt a sting in her left butt cheek. That was all
  she remembered.  
Karmal awoke with a start in the viewing hall of the sales barn. Someone
  was spraying her all over with cold water. They were cleaning her with a washing
  brush on a long handle at the end of a garden hose. She instinctively knew
  what the place was though she had never seen one. She knew she had moved from
  the academy where she had been for the last six months and would soon be sold
  into the hands of a real slave owner and trainer.  
Karmal looked around her. There were probably 100 women of all shapes and
  sizes. Some with large breasts some with small. Athletic women, petite women.
  She noticed that there were no males in this wing of the barn. Then she remembered
  .... the females were always separated from the males. It made it easier to
  control the males.  
Slaves were always referred to by their anatomical gender, never as men and
  women. Slaves were neither men nor women. Merely male or female slaves....
  property to be bought and sold. Karmal noticed that the sign in front of her
  that had her lot number and brief medical history also said &quot;Fertile...
  suitable for milking&quot;.  
Karmals' hands were tied above her head and her feet were tied apart to allow
  close inspection of her body by the prospective buyers. Karmals' heavy breasts
  jutted from her chest like the twin prows of a ship. Several buyers passed
  by and looked interested but none gave her more that a cursory glance.  
The owners interested in buying the slaves here were typically 50 years old.
  Karmal noticed that a man much younger than the others had stopped in front
  of her a couple of times. Karmal noticed him because he was big and much younger
  than the others. He wore a tag on his shirt that identified him as Master Abu.  
She thought that it was unusual for one so young to be a master trainer.
  Young men were normally not emotionally strong enough to control the female
  slaves. The females all knew how to use their sex and gender to get easier
  treatment from the younger trainers.  
Karmal was to learn that Abu was truly a strong master. Master Abu approached
  Karmal and looked in her eyes. Karmal smiled at him and swayed her body provocatively.
  Then there was a loud SSSMAAAK as he struck her left breast. Then another SSSMAAAK
  on the right. The tit beating repeated one two, three times. The fourth smack
  brought a loud yelp from Karmals' mouth. By the tenth she was howling by the
  20th stroke Karmal thought she would pass out from the pain. Both her breasts
  were covered with his hand prints in bright red splotches.  
Abu saw that she was struggling to bear the pain and allowed her to catch
  her breath from the brutal punishment of her breasts. Abu smiled into her face
  and brutally thrust his hand into her crotch. Karmal had to spread her legs
  and struggle to accommodate his probing hand. He made her squeal by pinching
  her clit and labia. When he pulled his hand from her sex it was dripping....
  Dripping with Karmals' sex fluids. She was aroused by this rough treatment.  
Abu thought...&quot; She will do well for my purpose...&quot;  
Then he began a thorough examination of her body. He opened her mouth and
  looked at her tonsils and her teeth. He examined her tongue for signs of piercings
  gone bad or drug abuse. He found none. Abu took out a scope and looked in her
  ears and up her nose. He examined her ribs and belly. He punched her hard in
  her ovaries.  
Karmal reacted by doubling up as far as her restraints would allow. She almost
  retched. But she hadn't been fed since yesterday so there wasn't anything to
  throw up. She did not complain or make a fuss at being so mistreated. She was
  a slave. It was her lot.  
Abu dipped his fingers into her sex again.. It was even wetter than before.
  What a slave and slut she was.  
Abu proceeded to her legs and calves. He paid special attention to her feet.
  A slave couldn't work as hard as he was going to work Karmal if her feet weren't
  good. The master pulled her toes apart. He pulled so hard that Karmal cried
  out. But her voice made no word and she didn't offer to pull her foot away. &quot; So
  submissive.&quot; Abu thought...&quot; Yes she will do very well.&quot;  
Then he bent her over and spread her hind cheeks. Karmal felt his breath
  as he blew on her butt hole. It involuntarily contracted. It wasn't used to
  much attention. He spoke to her before he proceeded. &quot;Slut .. this is
  a very stringent test. Pass it and you will be my slave. Fail and you will
  be condemned to being a side show freak and an early death.&quot;  
Karmal felt Abu press a single finger into her anal sphincter. At first it
  felt O.K. but then he put in a second finger. She cried out when the third
  finger passed her sphincter. Abu didn't stop at three. Soon Karmals' butt hole
  encircled all four of the fingers on Abu's right hand.  
Karmal moaned at the pain of the anal invasion. She didn't move to pull away.
  Instead she did her best to stay in place, keep her butt cheeks open and allow
  all the access she could manage. She moaned again in a way that didn't come
  from the pain of the invasion. Karmal was a very well trained slave. Better
  yet she was a natural slut.  
The sale wasn't until the next day. An older man came and gave Karmal a similar
  thorough examination. He found her sex equally wet, her training equally good.
  What he didn't find was the eagerness with which Karmal had helped Abu violate
  her tenderest regions.  
The day of the sale came and Karmal was next to the last in the auction order.
  The crowd had grown thin. In fact Karmal hadn't seen Abu during the whole of
  the auction. She wondered why it concerned her. Whoever bought her would use
  her and discard her when he was finished.  
The guards slapped her tits firmly for about five minutes before she was
  put up on the block. Her generous breasts were a bright red when they finished.
  Karmal was hoisted up onto the auction platform by the chains that held her
  arms. They made her walk the length of the platform. Then they made her bend
  over and display her ass and cunt. At first there were only token offers. Still
  Abu had not appeared. Karmal was embarrassed and afraid. This auction house
  was known to kill some slaves and feed their carcasses to the dogs instead
  of letting them go for too low a price.  
The auctioneer made her walk again the length of the platform. Karmal exaggerated
  her steps so her tits bounced and swayed and her ass swayed. She bent over
  and stretched and wiggled her ass. The auctioneer stood her up and hefted her
  right tit... then he slapped it hard. His hand print appeared in the creamy
  flesh.. Karmal emitted only a light 'yip'.  
The bidding picked up and four or five men placed bids. As the price began
  to climb more bidders dropped out.. Two men appeared to be serious about bidding
  on her. Karmal didn't see who it was at first. Then she saw it was Abu. The
  other bidder was the man who had also examined her body yesterday. Karmal didn't
  like the looks of the other bidder. She hopped that Abu would win the auction.  
The salesman brought her out of her reverie by bending her over and sticking
  3 fingers into her cunt. He pulled them out dripping. He showed the crowd and
  they roared their approval.  
Then the bidding started in earnest. She'd heard the other slaves commenting
  on how lucky she was to have attracted Abu's attention. He was considered an
  excellent trainer. They also told her that they were glad they were being sold
  to brothels and the like instead of sharing her fate. The wouldn't say why
  but Karmal wondered just the same.  
Finally Abu won the bidding. Karmal wasn't drugged for the trip to Abu's
  stable. The handlers were astonished at Karmals' willingness to go with them.
  She walked with them and assisted them when she was to be tied. She was tied
  naked in a special stock trailer. It was warm so the wind blowing on her skin
  felt good.  
day 1  
Karmal was stabled by herself . She gathered that she was getting special
  treatment because the four or five other female slaves that were in the trailer
  with her were stabled with other, older females. The stall was fitted with
  a fucking block, and X frame several whips and a gray box on the wall with
  electric leads coming from it. The look of the evil thing made her shiver.
  A trainer came into the stall with a syringe. He told her to bend over the
  fucking block. She complied and shortly felt a sting in her right butt cheek.
  A young apprentice woke Karmal up the next morning and told her to get her
  harness on. The master would be there soon for the morning exercise and she'd
  better be ready to go.  
He handed Karmal an evil looking leather harness that looked engineered to
  cause pain to her breasts and her cunt. But she managed to get it on. In this
  case looks were not deceiving. There were leather straps on the front. After
  Karmal had gotten the thing on and adjusted the apprentice gave each strap
  a sharp yank.  
First her left breast then her right felt like it was on fire. Then her cunt
  felt a sharp jab from the spike laden straps that separated her labia. Karmal
  started to complain but the young man pointed to the stall door. Just as the
  testing was finished a journeyman trainer walked in.  
The trainer ordered Karmal to stand and present her tits and cunt for a morning
  punishment. He slapped her tits hard and fast. The beating was brief but brought
  tears. Karmal had managed to keep silent except for only a brief yelp when
  the trainer had attacked her cunt.  
The trainer seemed satisfied with his work and told Karmal to take a couple
  of warm-up laps around the indoor ring. He'd be watching. The apprentice grabbed
  Karmals' cunt strap and took off at a dead run. Karmal was squealing and endeavoring
  to catch up. The trainer was laughing as he watched her struggle with the pain
  and the unaccustomed physical exercise.  
Then Karmal was led out to the road and tied to a jeep. Just as the straps
  had been secured she noticed that Abu had been watching her. The jeep started
  to move and the strap began to tighten in her crotch. Karmal started off at
  a trot after the receding vehicle. Occasionally the driver would tap the throttle
  just enough to tighten the cunt strap. The evil strap between her legs would
  bite into her tenderest parts. Karmal would speed up to slacken the strap.
  After the first five miles Karmal sweating. Karmal started thrashing her tits
  and making snide remarks to the apprentice who was riding in the back of the
  jeep. The driver responded by goosing the engine. The strap jerked tight and
  Karmal yelped and struggled to keep up. The trainer in the back of the jeep
  used his whip to leave two long welts on each of her boobs. The driver told
  her were that she was programmed to run 10 miles. But because of her horseplay
  she'd run and extra two. At 2 miles per hour faster. The strap was tight most
  of the way. Karmal was bleeding by the end of the run.  
day 2  
 On the morning of the second day Abu himself came in. He told Karmal that
  a proper slave must keep herself well groomed. He said &quot;The first lesson
  I will teach you is 'personal grooming'. The guard with him handed Karmal an
  old style electric epilator. Abu continued &quot;Slaves and especially slut
  slave like you are not allowed to have pubic hair. The mat of hair growing
  in your crotch is thick and must be removed&quot; Karmal stared at the thing
  and then down at her crotch. The hair that had been shaved off had grown back
  about a half inch long. She knew the epilator was going to pull her cunt hair
  out by the roots. She stood and stared at it for a long time. Abu seemed to
  be enjoying her discomfort. Finally the guard slapped her ass with a crop. &quot;Get
  to it Slut!&quot; Slowly Karmal turned the thing on and watched it run for
  a minute. Another slap this time on her tits caused her to move the evil contraption
  to her crotch.  
She pushed the epilator gingerly into her thatch. It began to growl and pull
  the hairs out one at a time. Karmal cried and wailed. The pain was almost unbearable
  and Karmal stopped to rest. The guard struck her tit again and Karmal resumed.
  She cried and wailed all the time it was happening but she kept pushing the
  thing through her thatch. She didn't know why but thought it was important
  to show Abu that she was well trained and submissive. Soon her pride was bare
  red skin. She was breathing hard and tears stained her cheeks. She looked up
  at Abu but He was writing something on her chart. Then he turned and left without
  saying anything. Karmals' heart sank.  
After the guard had taken the epilator away there was the customary morning
  beating and another 10 mile run. When she returned hot and sweaty from the
  run Abu put her over the block and used her cunt and her butt. Karmal hadn't
  had a man in her ass before. Abu had a large cock. Karmal struggled to control
  herself to aid Abu in using her ass. When he finished Abu told her she was
  adapting well to the training and tomorrow would bring more interesting things
  to her. The he left her. Karmals' ass was gaping and Abus' semen dripped down
  her leg. She looked at it and picked up some of it with her finger and tasted
  it.  
The second night found Karmal tied tight to a steel bed frame. He breasts
  sticking through to the other side.  
Alligator clips were fastened to her nipples and weights added to accentuate
  the nipple torment. Occasionally a sharp jolt would come through the clips
  from a box on the wall. Karmal would yelp and struggle. The bed frame would
  dig into her tits. Karmal was ready for the morning beating and run long before
  it was time.  
The sun was just peaking above the horizon when Karmal was taken out for
  her morning exercise. The run was behind a jeep as usual but the route seemed
  unfamiliar to her. They had tied her hands behind her back this time. The driver
  was faster too. Karmal had become very adept at keeping the strap loose between
  her cunt and the jeep. This guy was a devil though. He seemed to take the steepest
  hills and the roughest terrain intentionally jerking the leash tight up against
  her tender cunt causing her very sharp pain. The driver would laugh each time
  she would cry out.  
After the 10 mile run Karmal was untied from the jeep. She was led up a short
  set of stairs to a platform. There was a wheel under the platform. The guard
  order to step out onto the wheel. The wheel started to turn under her weight.
  The guard tied her cunt leash through a hole on the other side of the platform.
  Then he lowered a bar to keep her from stepping back onto the platform, Karmal
  had to keep stepping up on top of the thing again and again to keep the evil
  cunt strap from coming tight as the wheel turned. Soon she heard a loud splash.
  A bucket attached to the wheel dumped it's contents into a trough that carried
  it away towards the fields. Karmal had gotten her wish to do something physical.  
It was only 8 A.M. but the temperature was already very high. Karmals' nude
  body sweated in the hot sun. Afte a while the water from the wheel was steadily
  splashing into the trough and running away to the fields. Karmal had established
  a smooth rhythm. The strap was slack and her body was getting into the groove
  of work. She felt strong and content.  
The first day on the wheel it was only ten hours. Karmal noticed that there
  were other women working on similar wheels. She wondered why she was leaving
  the field when other women were still working on their wheels. When she reached
  her cell her trainer showed her a chart that counted how much water she'd pumped
  compared the other girls. Karmals' heart sank as she could see that hers was
  much less. She knew what it meant. She would be punished.  
The good news was that Abu himself was going to punish her. It was the first
  time the master had punished her himself since the first day in the stall.
  She hoped the punishment would be severe. She wanted Abu to see how good a
  slave she was. Abu came into the stall. He said. &quot;Karmal you have to be
  punished because your production is low.&quot;  
With that he tied her arms over her head. Abu admired her breasts. The way
  they were forced out proudly by her arms being tied up in the air. He hefted
  each succulent mound. He took each nipple into his mouth and suckled it. Then
  he bit each one in turn. He spoke to her. &quot;Karmal if you work hard these
  magnificent breasts will be preserved&quot; Perhaps I may make you a house
  slut.&quot;  
At that point he took a heavy wooden paddle down from the wall. Abu lined
  the paddle up on her left butt cheek. He drew it back and SMAAAKKK!!!! Karmal
  about fainted. When the paddling was finished both her butt cheeks were red
  and bruised. Clear liquid dripped from her cunt. Then the master moved her
  to a sort of chair with a funny back on it. He had her sit on it facing the
  back. He tied her firmly against the back of the chair. Then he lifted her
  breasts up and fitted a board under them and fastened it. Her breasts looked
  like a pair of large fish laying in the sun to dry. Abu pulled her head back
  and fastened it by her hair. After he had finished tying her head back he told
  her &quot; I don't wish to hit your face.&quot;  
Abu pulled out a cane. Karmal had never been caned on her breasts before.
  She knew that this was going to be especially painful because her tits would
  have to absorb all the energy of the cane. They couldn't move because they
  were supported by the board. Karmal quivered and whimpered before the caning
  even started. It took a light tap of the cane on one of her nipples to silence
  her.  
The first stroke came and Karmal screamed out in pain. She had never felt
  this kind of pain before. The second stroke brought a second scream. Each stroke
  left a vivid welt on the surface of her tender womanly orbs. Abu laid each
  stroke right next to the last one. Soon Karmal became hoarse and was reduced
  to whimpering pitifully after each stroke landed. The caning continued until
  both her boobs were covered with angry red welts. Some were actually bleeding.  
&quot;How are you holding up under this treatment of your tender bits slut?&quot; Abu
  asked her. Karmal raised her tear stained face to him. She didn't say anything
  but her eyes pleaded with him to stop caning her breasts. &quot;You look so
  pitiful little one. Perhaps we should check and see what your cunt says. It's
  the only part of you that doesn't lie after all.&quot; With that Abu reached
  into her crotch and found it dripping. .  
Abu laughed out loud. &quot;Your cunt is impudent Karmal. It earns itself
  a strapping for its impudence.&quot; Abu held up a strap. Karmal gasped. She'd
  felt this on her cunt once before at the training academy. She had been given
  only one stroke. It was agonizing. She'd seen it used on other women here.
  Most were reduced to blubbering piles with only one or two strokes. Some couldn't
  even walk for a day or to after a cunt strapping of only four or five strokes.
  Abu practically barked &quot;It's ten strokes for you Karmal!&quot; The stable
  hands gathered around to watch.  
Karmal tried to protest but she was so afraid and hoarse that the words came
  out as a quiet squeak. The strap hissed through the air. The first blow landed
  in her cunt like an atomic bomb. By the fifth they had to lift her up and tie
  her legs apart. By the tenth blow Karmal was barely conscious blubbering and
  crying softly. They untied her and told her to stand up. She was able to manage
  it but just barely. Abu said &quot;Very impressive Karmal&quot; most of my
  slaves would have collapsed after the second blow. Very impressive indeed.&quot; Karmal
  was allowed to rest for a day.  
The routine resumed. First the morning beating. Then the warm up. Then the
  ten mile run on the cunt strap to the wheel. The time Karmal was put on the
  wheel had extended now until it was for 11 hours. Again she was shown the charts
  of her production. And again her tits and ass were punished. The leather strap
  was used on her ass, her tits and her cunt. After the beating the guard dutifully
  checked her cunt. I was always dripping. Karmals' body even betrayed her by
  coming. Her soft body became taught and hard. She lost weight but if anything
  her breasts became more proud than they were.  
The amount of time Karmal spent on the wheel each day lengthened. Fifteen,
  sixteen seventeen hours. Abu came to the pen to check on Karmal after a day
  that was 18 hours on the wheel. Abu was pleased that her production was the
  highest of any of his slaves. Karmal was rewarded by being allowed to watch
  all the other women being punished.  
Once back in her cell Abu celebrated by fucking her ass and throat. He used
  the strap thoroughly on her cunt and tits. The strap left marks she had become
  accustomed to. She didn't remember whether she had cum from Abu using her or
  from the strap. It was hard for her to tell anymore.  
Abu told her that he'd be away from the farm for a while and she would be
  in the hands of the journeyman trainer. Karmal was unhappy about that. Karmal
  was in for a hard couple of weeks. The morning beatings became longer. the
  run became longer. the wheel became harder to turn.  
One day after Karmal had been on the wheel only five hours her legs were
  cramping and she was in agony.There was no choice but to keep turning the wheel
  because the cunt strap was still tied to the bar on the other side of the platform.  
Karmal was working with her eyes closed trying to shut out the pain. When
  a substitute trainer came and removed her from the wheel. She was tied behind
  a horse and forced to run or be dragged. Karmal could not tell where the man
  was taking her. Finally the horse slowed to a walk and entered a clearing.
  There were 10 men there. Karmal recognized the fucking bench in the center
  of the clearing. After they had finished with her cum was dripping out of her
  nose and out of her ass. Her hair was covered with it.  
She was tired but she heard the men making a commotion. Then she realized
  that they were bidding money on being the first to whip her ass and her cunt.
  Each of the men took a turn. Karmal finally passed out from exhaustion.  
then the substitute trainer took her back to the wheel. After only and hour
  or so the regular trainer came and took her down.  
When she got back to her stall her production figures were low because of
  her being taken off the wheel during the day. Karmal wailed as the punishment
  was meted out to her ass, cunt, and tits. And because the production didn't
  increase, each night Karmal was tied in a new inventive and painful position
  in her cell. Typically these positions left her cunt and ass exposed and her
  tits also. The stable boys took advantage of that situation and fucked her
  repeatedly. Karmal found that the most comforting thing that happened all day.
  After all the stable boys liked to use her. So they treated her nice. They
  didn't want to be reported to the master either.  
Finally after 3 weeks of the routine with the irrigation wheel and the clearing
  Abu came back. He didn't let anyone know he was back. He slipped into the barn
  and looked over the production records. He was surprised at Karmals' . He came
  to her stall. Abu tied her hands over her head and began to work her out. Karmal
  was glad to be whipped by Abu. He was accurate and deadly. She came four times.
  Abu whipped her very hard for low production.  
After he had finished he examined her body. The welts were deep and everywhere.
  Abu hefted her breasts and smiled. She asked him to keep himself hidden and
  watch her tomorrow. Abu warned her that she would be beaten severely if her
  production didn't rise tomorrow. Karmal was satisfied. She didn't think that
  Abu would catch the trainer but he might. She slept soundly that night and
  was ready for another day on the wheel when she awoke.  
Karmal didn't see Abu watching her but she new that her stall was monitored.
  The morning beating and warm-up proceeded normally and the run to the field.
  And there was nothing unusual about the way she was put up on the wheel. Time
  wore on but the substitute trainer didn't appear. Karmal had just about given
  him up when he appeared. She knew that Abu was still watching. She ran to the
  clearing wondering just what would happen. In fact nothing happened. She was
  used by the men and whipped by them. The run back to the wheel and the return
  to the barn were the same. She was disappointed that something more dramatic
  didn't happen. Karmal heard a man being whipped in another section of the barn
  that night. When the substitute appeared at her stall for the morning whipping,
  he was covered with welts. But other than that he seemed no worse for the wear.
  The morning beating was light that day and no one bothered her at the wheel
  anymore. Karmals' production was again the highest of any of the women.  
Abu would use her and beat her nearly every night. All was right in her world.  
By the end of the fourth month at Master Abus' stable it had begun to get
  cold and the irrigation wheels were put away for the winter. Karmal wondered
  what she'd do. Staying in the stable and being fucked all the time was good
  for a while but boring. She wondered what she was going to do.  
One morning after the beating, warm-up and run Karmal was transported to
  a field. After she arrived at the field she was harnessed. This was a different
  kind of harness. This new harness was intended to pull something. Karmal looked
  around to see what it was. She was horrified to see that it was a plow. She
  was going to be a plow horse!!  
The trainer hitched her up. Her arms were tied behind her back. The plow
  had a long shaft that extended between her legs. Abu drove her the first round.
  She was slow and Abu whipped her hard to make her move. Slowly she began to
  make way with the plow. After an hour or so Abu stopped her. &quot;Slut you
  will plow the field by yourself. The plow is a hard tool to master. Be diligent
  because you will be punished for poor performance.&quot;  
Abu told her to start up and pull the plow. She did. The thing smacked her
  hard in the cunt with the shaft and she dropped like a rock. The trainer and
  Abu laughed heartily. Abu told her that the shaft was for her to control the
  depth of the plow and to keep it straight. He laughed at her misery and said &quot;The
  shaft will work your legs and cunt over pretty good until you get the hang
  of controlling it slut! You'd better learn fast.&quot;  
Karmal returned to the barn that night barely able to walk. Her cunt was
  black and blue and her thighs were covered with blisters. She had learned pretty
  well to control the thing on the last two rounds. But she'd only manage 8 rounds
  that day. It would take much more to finish the field.  
Abu came to her stall. She already knew what was going to happen. He said &quot;Slut
  you must be punished for poor performance. At the rate you're going you won't
  finish before cold weather. You'll be mightily uncomfortable out there plowing
  nude in the snow.&quot; Abu did not spare her cunt anything even though it
  was bruised by the plow. &quot;Punishment is the rule slut. No one escapes
  it for any reason. Finish the field or you'll be punished even more.&quot; The
  ass and tit strapping left her a blubbering mess. After it was over Abu came
  and rubbed her sore tits. He fairly crooned in her ear &quot;you are a fine
  slut Karmal&quot;. He nuzzled her ears and hair. He touched her cunt with light
  caresses. She came.  
The plowing went well the next day but still her performance was low. The
  trainer brought out the breast caning chair. She hadn't seen that since the
  second week at the stable. The first stroke tore a scream from Karmal. She
  screamed even louder with every stroke until her voice failed. But the caning
  continued. The trainer kept laying the strokes right next to each other on
  both her tits until the tops were covered with vicious welts from her chest
  to her nipples. The he had the apprentice untie her from the chair and lay
  her over the fucking bench backwards. Her tits flopped up and presented a pair
  of fresh creamy tit bottoms. The trainer started laying the strokes on them
  next to her chest working towards the nipples. One stripe right next to the
  others. Karmal was completely voiceless by the end.  
Karmal awoke the next morning. Her tits were covered with welts. Some appeared
  to be infected. They were incredibly sore. The were so sore that she didn't
  even want to walk with them. When the journeyman trainer came in for the morning
  beating he saw that her tits weren't fit for the morning beating. &quot;That
  must hurt slut. I'll get the master. He has ordered that he be alerted when
  a slut is unfit for the morning beating&quot;. The trainer left to get master
  Abu. Karmal didn't think they would allow her to avoid the morning beating
  she just wondered how they were going to punish her. She noticed an enema bag.
  But didn't think anything about it.  
Master Abu came into her stall. Karmal automatically presented her cunt and
  tits for his use. Abu had her sit in a chair. He examined her sore tits thoroughly.
  Each time he touched them Karmal would draw a deep breath because of the pain.
  Abu responded by giving each a strong slap. Karmal squeaked with what voice
  she had. Abu said &quot;Be still slut! &quot;  
Abu spoke to the apprentice that was with him. The apprentice disappeared.
  Abu examined Karmal thoroughly and found her sound except for her sore breasts. &quot;A
  little salt salve will fix those up! You'll be good as new in a couple of days!&quot; Karmal
  didn't know what 'salt salve' was but she figured it was going to be very painful.
  The apprentice returned with a bucket. He handed it to Abu. Abu ordered Karmal
  tied. As soon as the tying was finished Abu took a hand full salve out of the
  bucket and smacked it on one of the tenderest parts of her sore breasts. Karmal
  screamed. Abu was undeterred. He rubbed the horrible smelling salt solution
  into her sore breasts and paid strict attention to the oozing and infected
  welts. Each stroke of his hands brought fresh screams from Karmal. Abu finally
  stuffed a ball gag in her mouth to quiet her wailing. After the master finished
  putting the entire bucket onto her breasts he left. He ordered standard routine
  for the rest of the day with the exception of the morning breast beating.  
Karmal still couldn't comprehend how they were going to punish her without
  beating her breasts. Then the trainer put her over the back or the chair. He
  spread her butt cheeks. He brought the enema apparatus over and showed her
  a funny looking nozzle on the end of the hose. The trainer saw her looking
  at it and said. &quot;It's a double balloon retention nozzle slut! It's to
  keep the water in you while you're working today to remind you that your behind
  schedule!!&quot;  
Karmal began to moan a little after the second quart entered her. She began
  to look like she was pregnant. After the third quart was in she felt like she
  was going to throw up. The trainer stopped the flow and allowed her to get
  use to the water in her gut. As soon as the gagging subsided he opened the
  valve again. Karmals' belly swelled up even more. The urge to purge came back
  but not before the last bit went in and the valve was closed.  
Karmal struggled with the massive amount of water in her belly but she manage
  to work hard and make up some of the lost ground. They drained her at lunch
  and she was able to really get rolling in the afternoon. But she was still
  behind schedule and this time the apprentice came in and gave her a hard cunt
  and ass beating. Abu came in later and put another bucket full of salve on
  her tits. He didn't bother to tie her but gagged her before he started working
  on her breasts. Karmal mewled behind her gag and tears ran from her eyes but
  she held still and kept her breasts stuck out for easy access for the master.  
Abu rewarded her by using her ass before he left for the night.  
Her tits weren't ready to be punished the next day either. The Journeyman
  trainer tied her and whipped her back and ass. The apprentice hooked her up
  to the enema apparatus with the retention nozzle and the water. A full gallon
  in under two minutes gushed into her gut. She looked thoroughly pregnant when
  they hooked her up to the plow. The size of her belly made the harness uncomfortable
  and it made it hard to pull and steer the plow. She managed though and was
  making steady progress on the field. Karmal worked all day with the water in
  her gut. It was an interesting side effect of having all that water in her
  that she didn't have to stop to drink. She pissed a lot more and just kept
  working. By the end of the day she had made up all the lost time and was now
  ahead of schedule.  
Karmal was taken to the stable and tied in her stall. Abu came to her stall
  later to take care of her evening beating and to treat her tits. Her breasts
  had healed mostly from the caning. Thanks to the salt salve there was very
  little scaring. The salve application seemed more like a caress than treatment.
  After he had finished applying the salve Abu punished her using the strap on
  her ass and cunt. After the punishment was over. Abu untied her.  
Abu removed his robe and stood in front of her nude. His cock was standing
  thick and proud. Karmal only hesitated a second. She presented her body to
  the master so that he had his choice of her cunt or her mouth. Abu touched
  his cock to her lips. Karmal eagerly took it into her mouth and demonstrated
  what a talented fellatrix she was. Abu shot his load down her throat. He laid
  down next to her. No one saw but they heard the sounds of animal lust and sexual
  pleasure coming from that stall for most of the night.  
When Karmal awoke the next day the master was not in her stall. Karmal still
  knew that she had finally found her calling in life. She was a slut slave to
  master Abu. He was a strong master and he knew how to user her to her limits
  and care for her. She wondered if he would have her bred and milk her.  
end Chapter 1  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tom Snel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





