BDSM Library - Susan




Susan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The first chapter in a story detailing a young woman's journey through the world of consensual bdsm. Chapter One  
Susan screamed. The scream was a mixture of pain and relief, pain caused
  by the whip which had just left its mark across her bare and unprotected breasts
  and relief from the sexual frustration which her master/lover, and wielder
  of the whip, had forced her to undergo for the last half an hour. She stood
  in the centre of a room, her arms stretched tautly above her head, secured
  by the wide leather straps round her wrists which were attached to an arrangement
  of pulleys hung from a hook in the ceiling. Similar straps encircled her ankles
  and these were attached to a bar some two and a half feet long to force her
  legs wide apart. For clothing, for want of a better name, she wore a pair of
  sling back stiletto heeled shoes, a wide studded leather collar around her
  neck forced her head up, and a leather strap around her slim waist was attached
  to another strap which ran down between her legs, parting her pussy lips before
  running up the crevice of her buttocks to where it rejoined the waist strap.
  It was this that was the prime cause of her frustration holding, as it did,
  firmly in place a busily humming vibrator embedded deeply in her cunt and a
  very large butt plug which was equally deeply inserted into her rear channel.  
Only one hour before she had opened the front door of the apartment which
  she shared with her lover Michael, on the table in the hallway was a small
  envelope addressed simply "Susan". She had seen such before and opened it with
  feelings of excitement and trepidation which soon turned to mild sexual arousal
  as she read its contents. "Slave, you will go immediately to the Room, undress,
  put on your straps and insert the toys you find with them, then kneel and wait." It
  was signed simply "Master". The butterfly feeling in her stomach grew as she
  went along the corridor to the Room and taking a key from her hand bag opened
  the locked door. She walked into an almost square room perhaps fifteen feet
  across. The floor was of bare polished boards with a single rug of oriental
  design in the middle. The ceiling was about 10 feet high with a system of ropes
  and pulleys hanging from a hook in its centre. One wall had a large wooden
  St Andrew' s cross bolted to it with eye bolts at the ends of each limb both
  top and bottom. A long wooden board was fastened to another wall about four
  feet from the floor and an array of hooks held an assortment of whips, crops,
  canes, paddles and other instruments of correction. Other items of furniture
  included a sturdy bench some six feet long and three feet high covered in black
  leather and a curious stool with a high back and a large dildo sticking straight
  up from the seat.  
Susan wasted no time in taking in the room's bizarre contents, she had seen
  them many times before, she went straight to the bench and looked at the items
  lying there. She smiled and began to undress as instructed. She first removed
  trainers and socks, followed by her loose cambric top and then after wriggling
  out of her tight jeans she stood clad in bra and pants and ran her hands back
  through her luxurious mane of blonde hair. She struck a pose before one of
  the four cheval mirrors in the room and then took off her bra slowly almost
  coyly before dropping it to the floor and cupping her breasts in her hands.
  She toyed with her nipples between finger and thumb, teasing them erect and
  stretching them by means of the gold rings set in them until they stood proudly
  from each firm breast. Her hands moved down her rib cage and glided across
  the gentle curves of her belly stopping momentarily at the diamond stud set
  her navel before she extended one hand across the silken smoothness of her
  panties and gently began to rub at the lips of her pussy through the fabric.
  For a few brief moments she toyed with herself in this fashion adding to her
  feeling of sexual excitement before slipping her hands under the sides of her
  panties and slid them down her thighs . Now completely naked she inspected
  herself in the mirror hoping that the sight would please her master. She was
  proud of her large firm breasts and tight well rounded buttocks, her legs were
  slim but with firm muscles showing evidence of physical exercise all in all
  a pleasing package to present to even the most critical of viewers. I must
  hurry, she thought, rousing herself from her slightly smug inspection . Going
  to the bench she picked up the pair of black hold up stockings and took them
  from their wrapper. She pushed her left foot into one and smoothed it up her
  thigh before doing the same with the right leg. Selecting a pair of broad leather
  straps she fastened them firmly round her ankles, taking care to insure that
  the steel rings attached to them were to the back, next came a similar pair
  of straps for her wrists and she thrilled at the feel of the soft leather as
  it fitted snugly around each wrist. She struggled to fit the heavy leather
  collar which was some four inches deep with intricate metal stud work, the
  collar forced her chin up and always gave her problems but after a few moments
  she had the two straps through the buckles and the collar was in place. A pair
  of black sling back shoes with four inch heels enhanced her five foot five
  inches and she once again gave herself an admiring glance in the mirror at
  the way the bondage straps and shoes seemed to increase her nudity.  
The last three items on the bench had caused her to smile earlier and she
  picked up one of them. It was a butt plug, moulded of heavy latex some six
  inches long, from a rounded tip it flared out after about four inches until
  it was at least two inches in diameter and then tapered in about one inch before
  ending in a round base some two inches across, inset in the base was a metal
  ring. It was always a surprise to her that she could accommodate this fearsome
  spear, for to her that was just what it resembled; an enormous black spear
  with which she was about to impale herself. A tube of KY jelly had been left
  on the bench, "how thoughtful you are Michael" she murmured to herself and
  began to coat the tip of the plug with the gel . Leaving the plug standing
  on the bench she coated the tip of her right index finger with the gel and
  standing with one foot on the floor and the other raised on one of the bench
  supports she slowly eased her finger into the tight puckered ring of her anus,
  teasing herself and slowly forcing her finger past the tensed ring of muscle.
  With her finger still thrust deeply into herself she picked up the plug and
  using her finger as a guide pushed the tip into her stretched hole and then
  withdrawing her finger she began to ease the plug in deeper and deeper. She
  gasped as the plug stretched her sphincter muscle until it seemed that she
  would tear apart but it, as always, stretched a little more until with a gasp
  of relief she felt it slip past the shoulder and into place with the base plate
  tight against the outside of her hole. She stood for a moment feeling the weight
  of the plug inside her bowel and adjusting to the difference it made to her
  perceptions of herself. Once the plug was in place she was no longer Susan
  but Slave; the straps and collar started the process but once the plug was
  inserted she knew that she had relinquished control of her life to her Master.  
 The second of the three items was a large vibrator and she raised it to
  her lips and licked it hungrily for several seconds before putting it to the
  lips of her pussy and switching it on. She moaned gently as she parted the
  puffy lips revealing the two gold rings set one in each lip and the gold stud
  piercing her clitoris. Each gentle thrust of the vibrator pushed it deeper
  and caused her to sway and moan with pleasure, "I mustn't come yet" was the
  thought that crossed her mind as waves of pleasure passed through her. Finally
  the humming device was almost completely inside her and she paused to gather
  her wits before picking up the final item that, to her, completely symbolised
  the transition from young independent woman to female slave. This symbol was
  a leather strap some two inches wide with a studded design spelling the word "SLAVE" she
  buckled it round her waist and then threaded the thin strap that hung from
  the centre of the belt in the middle of her back through the ring in the base
  of the plug and the other ring in the base of the vibrator. Finally she buckled
  the end of this strap through the buckle on the belt by her navel and snapped
  shut the small padlock, her enslavement was complete. She walked to the centre
  of the room under the hoist and gave herself a final approving look in the
  mirrors before kneeling down with her legs spread wide, buttocks raised in
  the air, forehead pressed to the rug and hands out in front of her a picture
  of total submission. As she knelt her mind was a whirl of sexual messages,
  some physical caused by the butt plug and the vibrator others mental as she
  remembered past occasions in this room. The wool smell from the carpet evoked
  particularly strong memories and she indulged herself in a bout of sexual reverie
  which brought her almost to the point of orgasm as the vibrator continued to
  do it's mischievous work on her by now dripping pussy. So far was she gone
  down the road to orgasm that she did not hear the door being gently opened,
  or the quiet approach of her master who stood smiling down at his preoccupied
  slave.  
Michael was about six feet tall, of slim build with dark hair and wearing
  only a pair of tight leather trousers. It was difficult to assess his age but
  if pushed most would have said late twenties or early thirties. He was in fact
  thirty eight. His full lips and broad nose hinted at possible African ancestry
  although his skin colour was that of sun tanned European , his eyes were smiling
  as he took in the delights awaiting him as his slave crouched on all fours
  prepared exactly as instructed. Susan was almost too good to be true he thought,
  but still he could always find something to criticise.  
"Sorry to disturb you my dear. "  
Susan jerked at the sound of his voice and he reached down between her thighs
  grasping her pussy lips and kneading them together, squeezing the vibrator
  in further and trapping the thin strap between the lips. She lifted her head
  and moaned with pleasure.  
 "Put your head down" he snapped and used his free hand to slap her left
  breast.  
 The slave gasped and quickly pushed her forehead back onto the rug. Michael
  continued to squeeze her sex, the sensation was driving her wild but each time
  she approached orgasm he appeared to sense it and slapped her swinging tits
  or arse. He was standing behind her between her wide spread calves, hand between
  her thighs, squeezing her pussy lips with one hand and toying with her stiff
  nipples with the other hand. After each blow to breast or cheek he would switch
  hands and thus torment the other nipple. The sensations from her breasts, pussy
  and arse combined into one, each blow sending her nearer to orgasm, the only
  restraint was her promise to herself not to let him make her come before he
  did. She concentrated on the pattern of the rug and tried desperately to ignore
  the demands of her by now sodden pussy and the messages her nipples were sending.
  At the very moment when she was about to let go he released her and stepped
  round to stand in front of her.  
"Kneel up " he commanded.  
Shakily she pulled her shoulders back and knelt upright, the muscles in her
  thighs shaking from her near orgasm. He towered over her but she was only interested
  in the bulge in the front of his trousers. She looked up at him and ran her
  tongue around her lips watching intently and waiting for his next move. It
  came as no surprise when he quickly unzipped his trousers and wriggled deftly
  free of them to stand naked before her with some eight inches of cock jutting
  upwards to his navel.  
"Please me Slave." He commanded and stepped forward so that his erect cock
  was only an inch from her face.  
 Susan reached up and cupped his balls in her hands feeling pleased with
  this turn of events. She began to lick his balls, trailing her tongue from
  the very base of the sac up towards his straining cock before sucking first
  one and then the other ball into her mouth. His sharp intake of breath made
  her smile inwardly, she might be the slave but at this moment she was in charge.
  To emphasise this control she licked her right fore finger and then slowly
  eased it into his back passage, this was rewarded with a gasp of surprise and
  she resumed her attentions to his balls. Even though she was doing exactly
  as commanded and providing her master with sexual pleasure she felt in command
  and began to lick her way slowly up his cock whilst gently easing her finger
  up and down his arsehole. It was this feeling of power over him that made cocksucking
  such a pleasure for her and she put all her considerable experience to use.  
Licking her lips she kissed the swollen tip of his cock, pushing the tip
  of her tongue into the slit and tasting the salt of the small bead of semen
  weeping from it. She licked the head as though it were an ice cream and then
  encircled the base of his cock with the thumb and fore finger of her left hand
  squeezing its girth constricting the channel on the underside of his cock.
  Her mouth engulfed him and she let her teeth graze the edges of the helmet
  before sucking in deeply and taking over half of him into her mouth. She gazed
  up into his brown eyes and noticed the almost glazed expression and the tremors
  across the flat plain of his belly as his muscles spasmed. Such was her concentration
  on her task that she had forgotten the vibrator and plug as she licked and
  sucked, raising her head and then pushing down again, each downward thrust
  forcing more of his cock into her mouth before slowly raising her head again
  and allowing her lips to travel the full length of his tool. She teased him
  by allowing his cock to slip from her lips then circling it with her tongue
  and at the same time thrusting her probing finger deeper into his hole. He
  was very close to orgasm now and she increased the pressure of finger and thumb
  around his cock before once again swallowing it almost to his balls and raking
  her teeth along it's length. He moaned and she felt him grasp her head with
  his hands trying to control her movement but she moved subtly to keep her control,
  holding him with her mouth and licking his cock tip at the same time. "Now" she
  thought. She released her grip around his cock and cupped his balls in her
  hand digging the tips of her nails into his scrotum and at the same time speeding
  the movement of her head frantically fucking his cock with her mouth. His balls
  contracted in her hand, she felt the spunk surge up his shaft and then jet
  forcefully to the back of her throat. She hungrily sucked at his cock, milking
  him dry and enjoying her moment of triumph. Michael almost collapsed onto her,
  resting his full weight on her shoulders and causing her to sit back on her
  haunches.  
Slowly the strength came back to his legs and he straightened up. He wiped
  his cock through her hair and then grasping the hair at the back of her head
  he forced her head back, their eyes met and she felt a shiver of anticipation
  run down her spine.  
"Now I must start your punishment, do you know why you must be punished?"  
 "No Master " she answered.  
 "Because you are a vain and lustful little slut" came the reply.  
"Me Master" She looked up at him feigning innocence.  
"You slave. I've something to show you."  
He crossed the room and removed a black cloth which was covering a TV and
  video recorder on a stand. She had noticed it briefly when she had first entered
  the room but such was her hurry to complete her preparations she hadn't given
  it a second thought. She also noticed the cable running from it to a tiny TV
  camera high on the wall in one corner. With growing realisation and resignation
  she watched as he pressed the video controls. She heard the hiss of the tape
  rewinding and the click as it stopped. Michael switched on the TV and started
  the tape. She watched herself enter the room and strip. Her preening in front
  of the mirrors and playing with her breasts was all faithfully recorded. At
  the point where she sucked the vibrator and inserted it she was looking straight
  at the camera and there was no mistaking her arousal.  
"Have I made my point."  
He had, she conceded to herself, but as she was to be punished anyway she
  might as well make a game of it.  
"Michael you're a beast. That's so unfair using hidden cameras and spying
  on me."  
He picked up her use of his name and her calling him a beast.  
"You are forgetting yourself slave such disrespect alone earns you a whipping.
  You can argue with me but you are vain and lustful how else would I have known
  how you would behave in front of the camera?"  
"I was only checking to see if I was pleasing to you Master."  
Even as she said it she knew that her behaviour with the vibrator gave the
  lie to her protestations. He'd won, game set and match. She lowered her head
  to the carpet in order that he wouldn't see her secret smile of triumph. This
  was going to be a good session!  
"Stand up."  
She struggled to her feet feeling once again the vibrator and the plug.  
 "Spread your legs."  
She forced her legs wide apart with some difficulty balanced, as she was,
  on four inch heels. He went behind her and she watched in the mirror as he
  attached the long steel bar to her ankle straps thus enforcing her spreadeagled
  position. He reached above her head and pulled down the bottom pulley of the
  hoist and then quickly attached the clips of her wrist cuffs to the hook on
  it's base. Hauling on the rope her master raised her hands above her head until
  her arms were stretched taut above her. She looked at her helpless form in
  the mirror and felt the familiar waves of pleasure sweep her as she appreciated
  her total vulnerability, it never failed to excite her as the full nature of
  her submission to the approaching pain was reinforced by the pleasure messages
  being sent through her body from her cunt as the vibrator continued to stimulate
  her. Michael had gone to the rack on the wall and returned holding a whip with
  nine 18 inch long tails, he reached in front of her and held it for her inspection.  
"To warm you up."  
She shivered in anticipation. He thrust the handle of the whip sideways against
  her lips and she opened her mouth to grasp the handle with her teeth. She felt
  him against her back and his hands slid down her flanks, onto her wide spread
  thighs his thumbs just brushing her pubic hair. He caressed the inside of her
  thighs, his hands moving slowly upwards towards the puffy lips of her overstimulated
  sex. She forced herself back against him and felt his cock begin to stir in
  the crack of her arse cheeks. His hands moved up again and she watched and
  felt him take her breasts in his hands the finger and thumb of each hand finding
  each nipple and he teased them into two erect rubber bullets. She continued
  to grind herself against him, the waves of near orgasm radiating out from the
  very core of her body which was pierced with the vibrator and plug. Susan fought
  to keep control as Michael's right hand relinquished her breast and slid down
  to squeeze her cunt. With his other hand he removed the whip from her mouth
  and used the handle of it to force her head round until her lips met his and
  his tongue forced them open to invade her mouth. This open mouthed kiss went
  on, it seemed to her for an age, whilst his hand squeezed her pussy, taking
  her to the very point of orgasm.  
He stepped back, the whip hissed through the air and fire burnt across her
  right breast forcing a scream from her. The whip hissed again and her left
  breast felt the impact and the pain, she screamed again and jerked against
  her bonds. She watched in the mirror as he swung again and the next stroke
  cut across her right breast just below the nipple and a further stroke lashed
  the same spot on the left orb. This time she merely grunted and he continued
  to alternate the strokes from one by now reddened breast to another, varying
  each stroke until both were an angry red.  
He stopped and stepping forward thrust the whip handle between her lips again,
  his cock was hard again now, she knew it would be, the sight of her writhing
  under the whip strokes and hearing her cries of pain always aroused him. He
  pressed against her back, caressing her burning tits and nuzzling her neck
  before planting a string of kisses on her neck and ears. His hands covered
  her breasts and he tugged hard on the nipple rings forcing her to arch her
  back as he stepped in front of her and bent to take her right nipple between
  his lips, sucking it gently at first then harder before biting it. The pain
  was intense and she cried out for him to stop but he merely transferred his
  attentions to the left teat and began to massage her cunt lips with one hand
  forcing her attention back to the vibrator still buried deep within her. Susan
  began to loose control again, the pain in her breasts began to mix with the
  pleasure from deep within her cunt the edges blurring until the two sensations
  became as one. She pushed herself against his hand and he slid his other hand
  around her buttocks forcing the butt plug to move against the vibrator as he
  still sucked and nibbled at her swollen nipples. She was coming, wave after
  wave , of pleasure was sweeping through her when he reached up and took the
  whip from her mouth.  
 "Please no." she gasped as she realised what he was doing, but too late.  
 He stepped back and the whip lashed out viciously to find it's target which
  was the wide spread cheeks of her arse. The blow was heavy and she screamed
  loudly. This seemed to please her tormentor and he swung the whip with the
  same force again and again. The force of the blows rocked her body and the
  flesh of her arse cheeks quivered violently with each blow, whilst her screams
  had turned into a continuous wail. For a full two minutes he lashed her, seeming
  to take great pleasure in finding the parts of her arse which caused her the
  most distress. She writhed in her bonds, her initial loud screams muted into
  whimpers now as each blow further inflamed her already crimson arse. She tried
  to control the pain by concentrating on the effect her suffering was having
  on her Master. It pleased her to see that his cock was rigid, the swollen head
  pushing back the foreskin and the veins standing out along the shaft. Soon,
  she knew he would want to take her again.  
Michael stepped forward until his cock was touching her belly, he lifted
  her chin and smiled down at her. She felt his hand grasp her pussy and squeeze,
  the pain in her arse seemed to vanish, she licked her lips, pouting at him,
  trying to make him kiss her. The vibrator was starting to arouse her again
  but he dispelled such thoughts.  
 "Now for the back of your legs, then the front, then your belly and you
  can guess the last place I'm going to whip."  
The words had a strange effect on her, she knew how the whip would hurt especially
  on the tender flesh on the inside of her thighs and the knowledge that he was
  to whip her cunt made her try to close her legs in vain, but the words still
  turned her on and she tried to thrust herself against him but he swayed back
  and released his grip on her sex. He stood back and raised the whip running
  his hand along the strands and pulling it tight before swinging it back and
  striking her as promised on the back of her left leg just above the knee. The
  strands wrapped round her leg as she had known they would and the pain seemed
  to lance through her, but she had no time to recover before the next blow landed
  on her other leg. He alternated the blows, each one a little higher up each
  thigh until after about twenty or more strokes he was just missing her pussy
  and she was moaning and gasping with the pain. Moving quickly he strode past
  her and she quailed inwardly as she saw his smiling image in the mirror. The
  leather strands once again kissed her flesh, striking her left leg. As before
  he alternated the blows from one thigh to the other starting just above the
  knee and moving steadily upwards until after about two dozen strokes he was
  just grazing the lips of her pussy. She tried to stop moving knowing that the
  pain would be greater if she spoilt his aim but each time the whip coiled round
  her leg and hit her inner thigh it caused her to writhe and wrung another agonised
  gasp from her. Her legs were like jelly and she hung from the wrist straps
  gasping and trembling and aware that the worst was yet to come. This time he
  did not stop and as he finished striking her thighs he moved up to her belly,
  the first stroke landing just above the hair line.  
 "Count them slave."  
She struggled to gasp "One" before the second stroke hit under her rib cage  
"Two" she gasped.  
 He kept up the merciless series of blows until she managed to gasp out "Twenty
  four" and hang trembling from her bonds.  
Her body was on fire, the individual strokes had at first caused separate
  areas of pain but now these had blended into one sensation of heat and this
  combined with her feeling of total submission to his will was causing her to
  become very aroused. I hope he fucks me soon was the thought that kept passing
  through her mind, even though she knew that she faced the intense agony of
  a pussy whipping before there was any prospect of sexual relief. He stood in
  front of her, a little to one side and passed the strands of the whip between
  her legs, holding the handle in one hand and the end of the strands in the
  other he began to move them vigorously against her cunt lips. Sensation piled
  upon sensation as the vibrator hummed busily away deep inside her and she felt
  the weight of the plug in her stretched back channel, her breasts, thighs and
  belly glowed with the heat of the whipping and now he was teasing her cunt
  lips with the whip. He released the strands of the whip and grasped her sore
  arse cheeks with one hand, forcing her against him and grinding his rock hard
  cock against her belly. Bending down he kissed her, she opened her mouth and
  let his tongue invade her, probing deeply, soon, please let me come soon, was
  her unspoken plea, unspoken because she knew from experience that the more
  she begged for relief the longer he would make her wait.  
The kiss seemed to last for ever and Michael brought his leg up between her
  thighs pushing his thigh against her cunt and forcing the vibrator even further
  into her. Suddenly he stopped and stepped away leaving her gasping for breath,
  he swung the whip with a sharp wrist action causing the strands to spin in
  a circular fashion. He increased the speed making the strands become a blur
  almost like the propellor of a small aeroplane.  
 "Push your cunt out towards me slave I want to whip it."  
Quaking inwardly Susan complied with his request arching her back and forcing
  her pussy forwards. The movement forced her thighs further apart and her arse
  cheeks clenched even tighter around the base of the butt plug. The whip strands
  were spinning upwards and Michael moved towards her, positioning himself so
  that he was standing side on to her with the spinning strands slicing upwards
  between her legs. She felt the draught caused by their passing against her
  thighs and closed her eyes steeling herself for what was to come. The tips
  of the strands touched her pussy and she winced.  
 "Don't move slut." He commanded and she forced herself to keep her back
  arched.  
 He moved the whip in and increased the speed of rotation even more, the
  whip slashed her pussy lips and she screamed. It was as she knew it would be,
  an almost continuous rain of blows upwards between her legs striking the sensitive
  puffy lips of her cunt forcing her to scream until she ran out of breath. She
  forgot his instructions and sagged backwards away from the source of the pain
  until a savage blow across her arse from his open hand forced her tortured
  sex back into the full force of the whirling leather.  
"Do as your told or I'll hang you by your ankles and whip you."  
This threat made her force her pussy forwards as far as her bonds would allow
  and the final blows wrung further screams from her dry mouth. Finally the pain
  stopped and her master stood before her smiling and running the strands of
  the whip through his fingers.  
Michael stood behind her she felt him push his cock downwards following the
  cleft of her arse until it slid between her legs. He pushed forward against
  her, his cock against the leather strap holding the plug and vibrator. Once
  again the pleasure caused by the vibrator began to overcome the pain from her
  mistreated cunt lips and Michael enhanced this by caressing her thighs and
  belly, forcing her against him. He cupped her tits in his hands, squeezing
  them and then rolling her nipples between finger and thumb before pulling on
  the gold rings. Reaching up he freed the rope holding her hands above her head
  and let them down, she slumped against him but he pushed her away.  
 "Kneel slave."  
 She fell awkwardly to her knees.  
"On all fours" he commanded.  
She knelt forward resting on her forearms and pushing her arse upwards. She
  watched in a mirror as he walked across to his discarded trousers and removed
  something from a pocket. He walked back to her, his erect cock jutting out
  proudly, and knelt between her legs. She felt him tug at the belt around her
  waist and heard a click, the strap between her legs loosened, and she felt
  him grab the base of the plug and pull. She gasped as the flared ridge was
  pulled past the ring of her arse and then gave a low moan as she felt the end
  of his cock replace the plug. The already stretched muscle gave little resistance
  and he forced himself deeper into her, grasping the tops of her thighs and
  pulling her onto his cock until she felt his balls touch the cheeks of her
  arse. He began to work his prick in and out and she reached down between her
  legs with one hand to hold the vibrator in her cunt. She could feel the helmet
  ridge of his cock as it moved in her bowel and watched her master's face in
  a mirror as he approached orgasm again. Her nipples brushed repeatedly against
  the rug on the floor, this sensation combining with the vibrator to bring her
  close to orgasm, but before she could reach a climax her lover gasped and gave
  one last deep thrust into her before pulling out his cock and showering her
  back with hot spunk.  
Michael sat back panting heavily as she tried desperately to bring herself
  to orgasm with the vibrator.  
 "Did I tell you that you could do that?"  
His words cut through the lust filled haze and she mustered her thoughts
  as rapidly as she could. She knew better than to argue and framed her reply
  as carefully as she could.  
"I'm sorry Master I lost control I do want to be a good slave, please punish
  me for being so wilful."  
 He leant forward and kneaded her arse cheeks with both hands.  
 "For such lustful behaviour I must make sure you remember your punishment
  for at least a week, I think twenty four strokes of the cane are appropriate
  don't you?"  
So much for careful words she thought, twenty four strokes would leave her
  black and blue for a week but there were worse punishments the previously threatened
  hanging by the ankles being one.  
 "Thank you Master I am sure that will make me remember."  
She remained kneeling in the same position, hands clipped together in front
  of her, resting on her forearms with her arse stuck expectantly upwards, legs
  spread wide exposing her puffy mistreated labia. The vibrator slid from her
  with a thud and she felt a pang of loss. Her master stood and crossed the floor
  to the wall rack before returning to stand in front of her flexing a thin whippy
  cane. He flexed it between his hands bending it almost into a circle and her
  heart sank, she remembered only too well the last strokes from this implement
  of suffering and how she had begged in vain for him to stop before the requisite
  number of strokes were completed.  
"Do you want a gag my dear."  
She heard him say and forgetting all her training she nodded dumbly before
  catching herself and saying firmly.  
"Thank you master I am sure that it won't be necessary."  
She wasn't at all sure but at least this forestalled him from imposing further
  punishment for her lapse of manners. Michael smiled at this little exchange
  and moved to take a position to her left in line with her upraised buttocks.
  Her reached out with the cane and traced a line up her thighs and across her
  cheeks and she watched in the mirror as he raised the cane.  
 "You will count your own punishment, I will make the first stroke on your
  count of one."  
 She drew a deep breath and called "one" loudly.  
 The cane hissed through the air and struck her left thigh just below her
  cheek. The pain was worse than she remembered, she almost collapsed, it was
  excruciating.  
 Seconds passed and her tormentor stood with the cane half raised awaiting
  her count, she forced herself to call "Two" in as firm a tone as she could
  muster.  
 Pain hissed through the air again to find her right thigh just below the
  cheek.  
The air was forced from her lungs past firmly clenched teeth, but less time
  elapsed before she called "Three".  
 This stroke nearly broke her as the tip of the cane found her exposed pussy
  and she half rose from her semi prone position shrieking with agony. Her master
  waited and she brought herself under control determined not crack.  
"Four" she called and he placed another stroke a little higher up on her
  right cheek.  
 She was lost in a haze of pain but remembering past sessions she fought
  to concentrate on counting the strokes and managed to call the next eight reasonably
  quickly. Her body bucked with the impact of each hissing cut whilst she screamed
  through clenched teeth and made a curious whinnying noise through her flared
  nostrils. The thirteenth stroke was squarely across the centre of her arse
  cheeks and caught both labia as well, her back arched and she threw her head
  back and howled with tears streaming down her cheeks. Through tear filled eyes
  she watched her master in the mirrors. He was standing impassively, the cane
  slightly raised, waiting patiently for her to call the next stroke. Gasping
  and quivering with the pain she forced herself to concentrate. I will be a
  good slave she repeated to herself over and over again like a mantra before
  finally calling fourteen. The pain seemed no worse. I will be a good slave.  
"Fifteen" I will be a good slave.  
 "Sixteen"  
Each blow moved further up the bruised and battered orbs but she had arrived
  at the point where she was detached from the pain and the blows merely rocked
  her. Her final count of twenty four was followed by a blow to the centre of
  her arse and again it hit her labia but such was her concentration on her mantra
  that she merely grunted at the impact. She felt triumphant, she hadn't cracked
  even though when halfway through the punishment he had hit her such a cruel
  blow. Her body trembled and she gasped for breath but she felt as though she
  had won a great prize.  
 Michael stood behind her. He was impressed with her performance, never before
  had she taken such punishment without begging for mercy. He knelt down and
  unclipped the spreader bar from her ankles, and then standing he stood before
  her and grasped her forearms pulling her gently to her feet. He kissed her
  lips.  
"You have done well slave."  
He kissed her again and she leant against him letting him take the weight
  of her trembling pain wracked body. He wrapped his arms round her and pulled
  her to him, his hands were in the small of her back and he forced her belly
  against him. She felt the hardness of his cock on her belly and forced her
  right hand between his legs to grasp his balls and gently squeeze them. Michael
  grunted, reaching down with one arm behind her knees he picked her up, cradling
  her back with the other arm he carried her across the room and lay her on the
  bench.  
 "Lay on your front." He commanded.  
 She wriggled to obey wincing as the bruised and battered parts of her body
  made contact with the leather cover bench. Michael had gone across the room
  and now returned to stand at her side by the bench, he was holding a small
  green tube in his hand and she watched him unscrew te top.  
 "Open your legs."  
She spread her legs until her feet felt the side of the bench. Whilst she
  did as he ordered her master squeezed some of the contents of tube onto his
  hand and then began to massage it into the cheeks that he had just been so
  energetically mistreating. Susan nearly fainted with the pain as the Teatree
  oil found its way into the abrasions and welts on her abused arse. This sensation
  was soon followed by feeling of warmth and relief as he continued the massage.
  She began to enjoy the feeling of his hands on her and pushed upwards against
  them. He worked his way slowly down her cheeks towards her thighs, gently massaging
  away the pain until his hands reached the inside of her thighs and touched
  the lips of her cunt. Her instinctive reaction was to push against his hands,
  but he held her down and then ordered her to turn over.  
 Struggling and wincing she rolled over and lay back with her hands cradling
  the back of her head and her legs spread wide. Her lover bent and kissed the
  top of her pussy before pushing with his tongue to find her clit. She sighed
  with pleasure and he began to rub more of the oil into the front of her thighs
  while continuing to lick her hard love bud. Susan began to feel once more the
  waves of pleasure building gently at the base of her spine, as his hands rubbed
  in the soothing oil to the inside of her thighs and his tongue caressed her
  by now sodden slit. He stopped for a moment and kissed her on the lips, forcing
  his tongue into her mouth so that she could taste herself. His fingers found
  her clit and began to gently wank it to and fro she gasped as the astringent
  first sent two shafts of pain up through her pussy and along her groin pulling
  at her sore belly muscles. Michael held her down and then applied some more
  of the oil to her pussy before gently slapping it. He continued to kiss and
  fondle her, she arched her back and forced her cunt against his hand, she began
  to move rhythmically each movement building on that before to bring her closer
  to orgasm. Using his other hand Michael began to knead the oil into her breasts
  and again the stinging initial shock was replaced with a feeling of warmth
  as he squeezed each breast and teased her nipples fully erect. Susan was gasping
  with pleasure, each movement of his hands brought a wave of pleasure starting
  in the very core of her being and spreading like a great wave outwards until
  finally she reached up with both hands and pulled his head down. Their lips
  met and she almost screamed into his mouth as the orgasm coursed through her
  body, wave after wave, reducing her to a trembling heaving mass of sensation.
  Michael kissed her gently and stood up.  
She felt him pull at her ankle straps and there was a click as he attached
  a chain from the side of the bench to each ankle. He pulled her wrists down
  to her side then outwards until they were just on the edge of the bench and
  then clipped them to more chains. A broad leather strap went across her heaving
  chest just below her breasts and wide straps were quickly fastened around each
  thigh just below her pussy, these were also attached to the chains fastened
  to the outside edge of the bench. Slowly, as she came down from the detached
  plane of her orgasm Susan came to terms with her new immobility, the strap
  across her chest held her down firmly and the two thigh straps forced he legs
  wide open obscenely displaying the gaping slash of her swollen sex. The straps
  on her ankles completed the position, keeping her totally immobile and at his
  mercy. He might as well put a notice between my legs saying fuck here, she
  thought, almost giggling at the lewd display she had been made into. As if
  reading her very thoughts Michael returned to the bench and dragged one of
  the mirrors into place positioning it at the foot of the bench so that she
  could see up the gaping pink wetness of her cunt, he then placed a pillow under
  her head and held before her the glistening black vibrator that had only recently
  been lodged in her.  
"Pain and pleasure my dear, both intertwined and inseparable, to gain one
  you must suffer the other".  
He switched on the vibrator and began to work it into her pussy. It touched
  her clitoris and she pushed against it, he pushed it in deeper and she felt
  the inside of her lips begin to feel warm. The sensations were piling up again
  but she began to feel her cunt getting warmer and warmer until a fiery heat
  began to turn the pleasure into searing pain. Chilli sauce, she thought, he's
  coated it with chilli sauce and she moaned and tried to move against her bonds.
  The intensity of the pain grew to the point where she was writhing in her bonds
  trying desperately to bring some relief to what had only moments earlier been
  the very centre of pleasure. She gasped and grunted with the agony of her burning
  pussy as her lover smiled down at her.  
Leaving her to her pain, Michael went to the rack from where he had earlier
  got the Teatree oil. He returned with a handful of steel bulldog clips of the
  type sold in stationers and placed them on the bench between her legs. He bent
  and kissed her sweat covered forehead and she heard him murmur.  
 "Do you remember your first lesson?"  
 She thought quickly and then moaned softly.  
 "Yes Master."  
"Good, how many clips?"  
"Four Master, two on my nipples and two on my cunt lips."  
 She answered remembering to use the crude name for her sex as she had been
  instructed.  
 "Very good slave, this time it will be twelve."  
He picked up a clip and with one hand began to tease her left nipple, pulling
  the ring and working it until it was fully aroused. She watched him squeeze
  the levers until the jaws were wide open and then guide them until the nipple
  was between them. She braced herself for the pain but, as before, when he released
  his hold on the clip it was as if her teat had been cut off and she howled
  in pain. Before she had time to collect herself he attached another to her
  right nipple and then flicked both clips with his fingers. This almost caused
  her to beg for mercy, but from somewhere she found the determination to grind
  her teeth and resist. He picked up two more clips and placed one on each swollen
  pussy lip adding to the already almost unbearable pain from the chilli sauce.
  Another four clips quickly followed, each one next to the other, lining her
  cunt with steel. He placed the remaining four clips on the inside of her thighs
  just below the thigh straps and then stood back to admire the effect on his
  hapless victim.  
 Her body was now racked with pain and she rolled her head from side to side,
  her tongue feverishly licking her lips as she gasped and moaned. She tried
  to force her mind into the trance state that she had gone into when he had
  caned her, but it was proving hard to resurrect. Michael raised the stakes
  by holding the vibrator before her and coating it with more chilli sauce. "Not
  quite hot enough yet slave." She could not find the strength to even moan as
  he pushed the black plastic into her burning cunt, each movement forcing the
  clips aside and causing even more pain than she had believed possible. The
  heat inside her rose to even greater levels and he pushed the device even more
  deeply into her womb. Susan shrieked at this further brutal assault and then
  lapsed into silence as he withdrew the implement from her.  
Her ordeal was not yet over. She watched with almost dream like detachment
  through tear filled eyes as Michael held a large blue candle in front of her
  and lit the wick. He bent and kissed her before starting to drip the melting
  wax on her left thigh just above the knee. This new source of anguish at first
  seemed to have little effect, but as the wax trail led up her leg to the point
  where the clips were dug into the soft flesh she began to whimper. What made
  it even worse was that she knew where the trail of burning wax would end and
  this knowledge caused her to try to close her splayed thighs. He moved his
  attention to the other leg, each splash of deep blue moving closer to that
  centre of her agony filled being, her tormented burning cunt! Again he stopped
  just short of her pussy and moved his attentions to her belly, holding the
  candle almost on her heaving stomach muscles he dripped two trails of fire
  in a V with the point deep into the hair above her cunt lips. Oh god here it
  comes. She thought, as he used the tips of the finger of one hand to push against
  two of the clips decorating either side of her pussy, this forced her lips
  apart and wrenched yet another scream from her dry panting lips. He positioned
  the candle directly above the pink slash of her exposed cunt and she watched
  with a kind of dread fascination as he tilted it over and a thin stream of
  molten wax fell towards her. She tore at her bonds, her body heaving futilely
  against the strong leather, knees twitching in a vain attempt to close and
  stop the pain whilst she moaned in a long keening sound of total agony. He
  stopped and blew out the candle.  
There was a pause and she began to take stock of her abused body. The heat
  from the chilli was subsiding and the pain from the clips was now a dull ache
  which with a little concentration she could just about ignore. Her master broke
  into her reverie by kissing her neck and then her lips, she felt his tongue
  on her lips and opened them allowing him to invade her and meet his questing
  tongue with her own. She pushed against him, forgetting her pain, pushing her
  tongue into his mouth, eager to please her master. After what seemed like an
  age he broke away from the kiss and she heard him say.  
"I am going to remove the clips now, you will pick them for me."  
She kept her eyes tightly shut and tried not to think of what was to come
  because she knew that the removal of each clip would bring exquisite agony
  before relief. Michael flicked at the nipple clamps with his hand and the clips
  bit harder into her tormented tits.  
 "Come on."  
 He twisted the clips one in each hand.  
 "Which one first."  
"Lower left thigh."  
 She heard herself gasp before the pain of the blood returning to the clamped
  area brought more agony.  
 "Next."  
came the command, and she called the lower right and almost immediately after
  asked for the two other thigh clips to be removed. The hot wax had been painful
  but this was, as she had known it would be, far worse. Her thighs already sore
  from the whipping felt like pillars of fire, but she had to concentrate and
  call for her next dose of torment.  
"Left nipple please master."  
She forced herself to sound calm, but this was abruptly shattered when he
  slowly squeezed the jaws apart and removed the clip as instructed. Pain rushed
  to the tortured teat and her sweat covered body writhed yet more. Summoning
  all her remaining will she called from the removal of the clip adorning the
  right nipple, and screamed as the right tit joined the left sending more signals
  of woe through her over stimulated nervous system. Michael smiled down at her
  and somehow she returned his smile before he bent and kissed her.  
 "Only your cunt to go now slave."  
She nodded in agreement and licked her dry lips.  
"Lower right please master."  
 She called, and was surprised that the pain was not as great as from her
  tits. Quickly she called for the other three clips removal and then screamed
  as the pain caught up with her. Her master silenced the scream with a kiss
  and massaged the pain filled labia gently with his hand.  
 "I want you to accept one further trial."  
She gazed up at him, heart pounding. It will be the electrics she thought,
  and she closed her eyes briefly before looking back at him.  
"I am your slave master and I exist only to please you."  
He smiled at her and bent to kiss her still throbbing nipples his teeth grazing
  each one and sending a frisson of desire through her body. She moaned with
  pleasure and he moved his lips down her body across her wax splashed belly
  and pubic hair until he was kissing her much abused sex lips. His tongue probed
  her still wet sex until he found her clit and took it between his lips and
  frigged it slowly with his tongue. She tried to thrust herself against him
  but the straps held her firmly and she could only gasp with delight as he banished
  the recent torture from her mind. Suddenly he stopped.  
 "Time for your last torment."  
He announced and again went to the wall rack, returning with an electric
  cable, an electric body massage machine and a tube of KY jelly.  
Susan watched with resignation as he confirmed her recent guess. He smeared
  the jelly onto her nipple rings and nipples and then some more on the rings
  in her pussy lips. He placed the machine between her thighs and plugged short
  cables into the front of it. Each cable ended in a small chrome crocodile clip
  and he attached one to each nipple ring and another to each of the rings in
  her cunt. She winced as the cables tugged at her so recently tortured flesh.
  Michael completed the arrangements by plugging the machine into the extension
  cable. He looked at her and she heard the click of a switch as his hand reached
  down between her thighs. "Tell me when you can just feel it, do you remember
  how it feels slave?"  
She remembered all too well the first tingling sensation and hurriedly answered."  
"Yes Master, I remember."  
It was just in time as the first twitch of the current tugged at her labia
  followed by a tweaking sensation from her nipples. "I feel it now Master."  
Michael nodded and she watched him turn one of the knobs. The tingling sensation
  in her nipples turned into a not unpleasant tugging. He turned the other dial
  and the same feeling started in her pussy.  
 "Admit to me and yourself that you are a shameless and vain little slut."  
As she opened her mouth to speak he turned a dial again, the tugging turned
  into hot needles driving into her nipples and she cried out.  
"Answer me Slave."  
Again before she could answer he turned the other dial and pain stabbed through
  her cunt. She forced herself to speak  
 "I am sorry master. I am a vain a shameless slut." She gasped.  
He turned a dial another click and the stabbing in her tortured teats forced
  a scream from her. The pain in her pussy was also increased and she felt her
  thigh muscles start to spasm.  
"This won't have cured you though will it? " Susan shook her head dumbly.  
He reached for the controls again, this time with both hands and indescribable
  pain tore through both her breasts and pussy. She shrieked with the agony of
  it but managed to gasp.  
"Please Master I love you. I may be a slut and I may be shameless but I'm
  your slut and I have no shame when I'm in front of you."  
The pain was a series of contracting pulses, each one causing her to gasp
  and writhe in her bonds, but as long as her tormentor did not adjust the controls
  it gradually became bearable. Michael smiled at her.  
"I know and love you. I wouldn't want you any other way."  
He twisted the dials again and the pain caused her to force her arse off
  the bench and howl in pain.  
 "I love you."  
"Yes Master, thank you Master" she heard herself say.  
Each phrase was gasped between the contractions caused by the current surges.
  He gave the dials one final twist and stood back smiling as his hapless charge
  screamed in torment with muscles flexing uncontrollably as the shocks took
  over her body. After about two minutes, which to her seemed more like two hours
  he reached down and switched the infernal device off before standing back to
  watch as she lay trembling on the torture bench.  
Michael stepped forward and unclipped her wrists and ankles, she raised her
  hands and massaged her tortured breasts as he undid the waist strap before
  undoing the straps holding her thighs. She felt a pang of regret as he did
  the latter, the thigh straps always made her feel so totally available and
  spread, providing arousal even when being viciously mistreated. Her lover bent
  over her and kissed her lips, she opened her mouth wanting his tongue but he
  broke away forcing his hands and arms under her thighs, and shoulders.  
 "Hang on."  
He grunted before lifting her off the bench and carrying her from the torture
  chamber along the corridor to their bedroom. She wrapped one arm across his
  shoulders and used her free hand to open the door. The bedroom was spacious
  and lavishly decorated. Rich floral drapes hung across the two windows and
  a large four poster bed was the centrepiece of the room, Michael carried her
  to the bed and laid her on it and then bending forward began to kiss her tortured
  tits. He sucked each nipple in turn, teasing them gently with his teeth before
  sucking them into his mouth. It always surprised her how quickly her tits and
  nipples recovered from being tortured and responded to being pleasured, within
  a few moments she was gasping with pleasure and reaching for his cock.  
He knelt on the bed, thighs astride her head and she gazed up at the straining
  balls and stiff cock before opening her mouth as he lowered himself down onto
  her, his lips finding the cunt which he had so recently tormented. She greedily
  sucked at his cock whilst teasing his balls and inner thighs with her finger
  nails. His tongue lapped the full length of her slit causing her to grip his
  head with her thighs, and when he pushed a finger into her arse whilst licking
  and sucking her clit she thrust her cunt against his face trying to reach a
  climax. He pulled his cock from her gaping mouth and swung round to kneel between
  her wide spread thighs, cunt thrusting up towards him as she mutely begged
  for the release she needed. She thrust her gaping pussy lips upwards to meet
  his cock and felt triumphant as he impaled her, driving as deep as he could
  into her.  
"Fuck me master."  
She screamed as she felt him slide powerfully back and forth and his hands
  slid under her weal marked arse cheeks to grip them and force her even deeper
  onto his invading cock. The pain from her whip marks acted, as it always did,
  to heighten the pleasure being caused by his cock and she felt the waves of
  orgasm begin to radiate from her cock filled cunt until she lost all reason
  and became a simple being of pure pleasure and lust. Michael seemed to also
  have lost all control as he drove his cock into the writhing heaving beast
  that was his slave, his cries of ecstasy mingled with hers and he spurted jets
  of seed into her before collapsing to lay half across her heaving body.  
After several minutes Susan slid from beneath her master and rolled him onto
  his back. She looked down at him and felt the deep love, lust and adoration
  that fuelled her need to be mastered by him. Stooping down she began to lick
  his now flaccid prick, tasting the salty mixture of herself and his come, she
  pulled back his foreskin and thoroughly cleansed him with her tongue as he
  watched through half closed eyes. He made no comment as she rose and padded
  softly to the bathroom in her stockinged feet. She closed the door behind her
  and stood before the full length mirrors that covered one bathroom wall. Raising
  her arms above her head she performed a slow pirouette taking in the full extent
  of the marks made on her. The cane had left raised red welts across her shapely
  buttocks and the inside of her thighs showed clearly the passage of the cat
  from her knees to her pussy. The thought crossed her mind that it would be
  very painful if they had another session in under a week because she would
  need that time to recover but he had never done that before and she felt reasonably
  safe. She ran her hands over her body feeling the sore patches and the raised
  marks left by the cane and shuddered with fearful anticipation of such a decision
  by her master. Still examining the marks she turned again to look at her wealed
  bum to find herself facing a smiling Michael who had crept quietly into the
  bathroom and stood in the door.  
"A slave will always examine their marks of passage and I'm glad to see your
  vanity's still intact." He grinned at her and then ducked as she picked up
  a bar of soap and hurled it at him.  
"Pig"  
He left the bathroom chuckling to himself.  
She heard him call.  
"Have a shower I'll fix some drinks and join you."  
Smiling she turned on the shower and removed her stockings before starting
  to remove the wax still decorating her belly and thighs. This act brought some
  more pain as she pulled the wax from her pubic hair and as she stood under
  the soothing jets of water her right hand automatically began to gently massage
  her clit whilst she pulled at her nipple rings with the left and leant languorously
  against the wall of the cubicle, her mind drifting through the maze of pain
  and pleasure sensations of the last two hours. Michael entered the bathroom
  again carrying two glasses and a bottle of bubbly in a cooler. It was a large
  shower, he had told her before that it had been designed with togetherness
  in mind. Putting the glasses and cooler on a shelf situated well clear of the
  spray he poured her a glass and handed it to her. They both raised and clinked
  the glasses together.  
"Here's to lust, a shameless hussy, pain and pleasure. Please don't change,
  be my slut for ever."  
As he said this Michael reached out and cupped her chin in his hand raising
  her face and kissing her. She returned the kiss wrapping her arms round his
  waist as he reached for the shower gel and a soft sponge. She rested against
  him as he gently sponged her back before turning her round and sponging her
  front. He was very gentle and she only winced a couple of times as he caught
  a particularly sore spot. She then sponged him down and they towelled each
  other down again he was very gentle with her as he padded all the places that
  he had inflicted pain upon a short time before. They returned to the bedroom
  and lay on the bed half sitting, she with her head on his chest as they sipped
  the wine  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ededas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





