BDSM Library - Up To The Job




Up To The Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A boy is blessed with a large cock but cursed by not being able to come, until he gets to college and meets three girls who change his viewpoint entirely...Chapter 1 
    
Prologue 
    
Like most teenage boys, Robin had worried that his penis was somehow di&#64256;erent
  to everyone else's. It was not until he had reached the age of 17 that these
  fears had been con&#64257;rmed, for better and for worse.  
Although Robin did not see it himself, girls seemed to &#64257;nd him quite
  attractive. He had never protested, and it was these looks plus his sparkling
  wit (he liked to think) that had gotten Charlotte's attention. She had been
  his third girlfriend, and the least inhibited one thus far. So it was that
  one October evening when Charlotte's parents were away, Robin had found himself
  on the settee in their living room, kissing Charlotte passionately. Her hands
  had slipped down to his jeans and unbuttoned them. Robin had felt nervous but
  had not stopped her. She pulled down his boxer shorts, and his hard cock sprang
  forth, demanding her attention.  
"Oh my, that's big," were Charlotte's &#64257;rst words when she saw it,
  Robin always remembered. She had then spent the next half hour stroking and
  sucking his member, with an aptitude that he was sure had gone on to please
  many other men. When she was unable to achieve the orgasmic e&#64256;ect she
  desired, Robin had returned the favour, licking and fondling her cunt until
  she had exploded into orgasm. As her breathing began to return to normal, she
  had o&#64256;ered him a condom with an encourgaging look in her eyes, and Robin
  had pushed his sheathed member into a girl's vagina for the &#64257;rst time.  
They had taken it slowly at &#64257;rst, Charlotte unable to accommodate
  his great length and girth. They had made love for two hours, trying it fast,
  slow, hard, gentle, and all combinations. Robin had been unable to orgasm however.
  Ascribing it to &#64257;rsttime nerves, they had resolved to try again the
  next night. After a month, Robin had still not come, although he had managed
  to get a lot of practice.  
"Why can't you come? I feel like you just don't fancy me!" Charlotte had
  burst out, frustrated at what she perceived to be a slight on her performance
  and attractiveness. "I mean, can you come when you wank?" In truth, Robin never
  had. But he was so embarassed at the time about his newfound shortcomings that
  he had not wanted to feel any more inadequate, and so had lied and told her
  he could indeed come when he masturbated. This turned out to be too insulting
  for Charlotte to bear; their relationship was over.  
Since then Robin had steered clear of getting another girlfriend, worried
  that he would encounter the same embarassing problem. Maybe now, three years
  on, he would try again. Newly arrived at university the previous day, this
  seemed like as good a time as any for him to try again.  
Chapter 2 
    
First Encounters 
    
Robin dragged himself out of bed at eight thirty and got dressed ready for
  his 9am induction. After a lot of boring talks and library inductions and the
  like, he &#64257;nally started his &#64257;rst proper lecture at 3pm. He walked
  into the lecture theatre, unsure what to expect of his new environment. It
  was mostly empty, but the lecturer had already arrived and was busy connecting
  his laptop to the projector.  
"Debbie!" a girl shouted from in front of him, rising from her seat and waving
  her hand, knocking her textbook o&#64256; the bench in front of her as she
  did so. Robin bent down and picked it up for her.  
"Thanks," the girl said, smiling. Robin looked into her face and couldn't
  help but smile back. He immediately noticed how pretty she was. She wasn't
  stunningly beautiful like a model might be, but she was attractive in her own
  way. She had long &#64258;owing mousey brown hair, and deep brown eyes to match,
  a cute nose, and a smile that seemed to light up her whole face. Time seemed
  to stand still as Robin gazed at her.  
"There you are," said Debbie as she sat down next to the girl, who turned
  to talk to her and the moment passed. Robin went and found a seat further back
  in the lecture theatre, wondering how some people seemed to have made good
  friends already in less than 48 hours.  
The lectures passed quickly, and that evening the guy living next to Robin
  invited him out to a fresher's party. Eager to try and make friends, Robin
  accepted. After various bars he ended up at a house party. He found it impossible
  to tell who was in what year, and soon gave up trying. He managed to attract
  the attentions of a girl though, which took his mind o&#64256; it.  
Unlike his earlier encounter, this girl had a good case for being described
  as stunningly beautiful. She had long blonde hair, a perfect face, and a &#64257;gure
  that many girls would gladly kill for. She spent an hour or so sitting on Robin's
  lap in an armchair before taking his hand and leading him upstairs into one
  of the bedrooms and locking the door. She kissed him passionately, and pushed
  him down onto the bed. She unbuttoned his trousers and swiftly pulled them
  down, along with his boxers. A wide smile appeared on her face.  
"I just knew you'd have a big cock," she said as she handed him a condom
  and began to strip o&#64256;. Robin quickly peeled the rubber down over his
  dick and looked up as the girl &ndash; he couldn't remember her name &ndash; straddled
  his chest, naked. He was sure most men would have come there and then, just
  looking at her &#64257;gure. She had breasts that looked too good to be true
  (and maybe they were arti&#64257;cial thought Robin, but he really didn't care
  at that moment), a lithe &#64257;gure that his gaze drifted down over, and
  his eyes naturally came to rest on her landing strip of pubic hair that was
  touched against his chest.  
She ran one hand into his hair, and lent forward and kissed him. He felt
  her body slide down his, and her other hand bending his cock forwards into
  her waiting cunt. She broke the kiss and gasped loudly as his cock entered
  her. She remained motionless, her halfglobe breasts dangling perfectly over
  Robin's body as she waited for the pleasure of his large dick to overcome the
  initial pain of its intrusion into her vagina. Robin could feel the end of
  her vagina against the head of his member, and knew that he would have to wait
  to go deeper. After a few minutes, she was able to accommodate his entire length,
  and began sliding herself up and down its length.  
Time barely had meaning any more for Robin as he just gazed in boyish delight
  at this beautiful woman pleasuring herself on him, but he knew that they had
  been going for quite a while when she &#64257;nally brought herself to orgasm,
  her body collapsing quivering against his as she moaned softly in delight.  
"I've never known a guy last as long as you before," she whispered hoarsely
  in his ear, "but now I think it's your turn." Robin knew then that this was
  the night he would &#64257;nally come. Or at least, as he mused some time later,
  he thought he knew. The nameless beauty of a woman continued to gyrate on top
  of Robin, encouraging him to come, and taking occasional breaks to let him
  drive upwards into her, bouncing her forwards and causing cries of pain and
  pleasure as he thrust too deep.  
In the end however, it was her who climaxed. She climbed o&#64256; Robin,
  and collapsed beside him, exhausted. After a minute or two she reached over
  and began to idly run her nails down the side of Robin's sheathed cock, which
  was still hard.  
"Would you like me to..." she began, but then saw something in his expression, "I
  think it's just not going to happen for you tonight is it? Too much drink I
  bet." Robin nodded, relieved at the acceptable excuse she o&#64256;ered him. "Well,
  if you want payback for tonight, I'll be in the campus bar on friday night
  with some friends &ndash; you should join us." Robin accepted, and they went
  their separate ways.  
By the time Robin made it back to his room, it was 3am. Thankfully his erection
  had &#64257;nally subsided as he climbed in to bed and fell asleep.  
Chapter 3 
    
Furthering His Reputation 
    
The following friday night, Robin turned up at the bar. He spotted the girl
  from monday night and went over to her table.  
"Is this your guy Hannah?" asked one of the other girls, and Robin made sure
  to note her name this time. "Introduce us!"  
Hannah duly introduced him to the other two girls. Marianne was the girl
  sitting next to Hannah. She had dark black skin, and short black hair that
  was arranged into lots of short twists of hair, the name of the style escaped
  Robin. She was fairly goodlooking, and Robin noticed that she seemed to have
  quite a toned, athletic build. The other girl with them was Claire. She had
  medium length ravenblack hair. She was not as pretty as the other girls, Robin
  noticed with a male eye. Her nose was slightly pointed, her face a little too
  wide, and no noticeable breasts to speak of, giving her an incredibly slender
  build. She was not helped by comparison to the two beautiful women she was
  with though, Robin decided.  
The girls were slightly snobbish, but Robin had a good evening with them
  and at the end of it he went o&#64256; with Hannah back to her room. As last
  time, Hannah wasted no time in stripping o&#64256; Robin but this time she
  got into bed fully clothed. She pushed the covers o&#64256; them both and took
  his hardening penis in her hand, stroking it as her head descended to meet
  it. She took the head of his dick in his mouth, running her tongue round it
  over and over again until the pleasure was almost unbearable but Robin couldn't
  bring himself to form the words needed to tell her to stop. She took more of
  him in her mouth and began moving her mouth up and down his cock, licking as
  she went, using her hand on the other half of his member that she simply could
  not &#64257;t into her mouth. She must have been doing it for a good half hour
  Robin realised at some point, but he still was not going to come.  
"I think you deserve a reward," he managed to say when she stopped to draw
  breath. Hannah looked up at him, her eyes lighting up.  
"Lie down," he told her as he moved sideways. She swiftly stripped and obliged,
  bouncing into the position that Robin had been occupying, face up with her
  legs spread. Robin shifted down the bed and went to lick her waiting pussy.
  He felt her hands on his head, pulling him up towards her.  
"Trust me," she said &#64257;rmly, taking one hand o&#64256; his head to
  fetch a condom, "there's no need for foreplay." Robin couldn't help but smile
  at that. He put on the condom and he was soon thrusting away in the missionary
  position, Hannahs arms and legs wrapped round him as he guided her to ecstasy.  
"I'll be in the bar again next friday too," Hannah o&#64256;ered as they
  lay side by side when she had climaxed and he had pulled out.  
The following monday Robin was sat in his afternoon lecture when the girl
  from his &#64257;rst day sat in front of him. She turned and smiled at Robin,
  but immediately he involuntarily began comparing her with Hannah. She was nowhere
  near as attractive he thought to himself with more spite and pride that he
  had expected. He smiled back, but he suspected it was rather lacklustre. No
  loss, he considered, he had better options.  
Robin turned up at the bar the next week for more of the same with Hannah,
  but saw only Marianne and Claire at the table. Marianne explained that Hannah
  was too ill to be there, as much as she had wanted to attend. Robin stayed
  anyway, parly out of politeness, and partly because their company was enjoyable.
  Marianne seemed to be slowly moving closer to Robin for much of the evening,
  and occasionally touched his thigh and smiled coyly at him. Finally, when Claire
  went to get some drinks late in the evening, Marianne leaned over to Robin
  and began whispering in his ear.  
"Hannah has told me a lot about you." There was a pause, before she continued. "She
  says that before she met you, she'd only ever had one or two orgasms because
  it took her so long to reach them." Another pause. "And she says that the orgasms
  she has from you are earthshattering, like nothing else before." Marianne was
  getting into full &#64258;ow now, her excitement getting the better of her.
  Robin could smell her perfume, and it felt like it was intoxicating him, causing
  him to be captivated by the beauty beside him.  
"She said that there's no need for any foreplay at all, that you could go
  hard and stay hard for hours, and that she could come every time on your huge
  cock. And she said that even though she was ill, you shouldn't be wasted." Marianne
  now pulled back, and smiled nervously. Robin only took a splitsecond to decide.
  He hadn't really believed that Hannah could want him, but her positive opinions
  of him, as relayed by Marianne, were so egoboosting that he &#64257;gured he
  deserved to have Marianne too. So he drank up quickly and Marianne followed
  his lead. Claire left the bar with them, and headed o&#64256; back to her room.
  Marianne and Robin headed back to his room.  
"Let's see what you've got then," Marianne said with a giggle, sitting on
  the bed as Robin returned from locking the door. He stripped o&#64256; unashamedly,
  his con&#64257;dence buoyed by Hannah's remarks. "Oh my," Marianne said as
  she caught sight of his prick. "That is something." She pulled a condom from
  her pocket and made a show of rolling it down onto Robin's dick. Marianne quickly
  removed all her clothes to reveal an incredibly toned but not overmuscled &#64257;gure.
  She hopped on to the bed like an excited girl about to play with a new toy,
  and got on all fours with her arms bracing herself against the headboard.  
Robin got on the bed behind her and guided his cock into Marianne's waiting
  cunt. While she adjusted to its length, Robin began running his hands down
  her sides, admiring her body. Once she was ready and Robin began thrusting,
  Marianne seemed to drift o&#64256; into an ecstatic autopilot, moaning on every
  thrust but seemingly oblivious to everything else. Robin held her &#64257;rm
  breasts at &#64257;rst while thrusting, but when he realised that Marianne
  didn't care what he did, his hands began exploring her body.  
Robin took advantage of the opportunity to put his palms down on her ass,
  and pushed her &#64257;rm cheeks outwards, allowing him to admire the twin
  delights of her tight puckered rosebud, and the sight of his pale white body
  and cock, contrasted perfectly by her dark skin. Marianne's moans slowly grew
  louder until she orgasmed with one long groan.  
"My god, that was &ndash;" but she was cut o&#64256; as Robin gave a last
  few thrusts. Bemused by the way they could silence her with his movements,
  he resumed thrusting to see what would happen. Marianne began moaning again,
  and so Robin continued until she had a second orgasm, at which point her arms
  released their grip on the headboard and she slumped forwards.  
Marianne dressed and left with a grin on her face so wide it was almost eery,
  like a clown, Robin thought as he lay on his bed, still hard but very satis&#64257;ed.  
Chapter 4 
    
The Deal 
    
The following week Robin turned up at the bar as usual, to &#64257;nd all
  three girls present. He was unsure what would happen at the end of the night,
  but that was soon cleared up when Hannah suggested they all go back to her
  room to continue drinking. Once they were there, a game of truth or dare was
  proposed. The four of them all sat down on the &#64258;oor in a circle, and
  cards were dealt. Marianne then mentioned that she didn't like the idea of
  dares, and Hannah decided that they would simply have a game of truth, where
  whoever lost had to answer the question given to them by the others. Robin
  later realised that he should have suspected something at that point, but he
  clearly hadn't realised what direction they would take. The girls lost a few
  times, and pedestrian questions were asked, such as 'who was your &#64257;rst
  kiss' and so on. Then Robin lost, and it was their turn to ask a question.
  They conferred and then came out with it.  
"When was the last time you came?" Marianne asked him bluntly. Robin immediately
  began to weigh up his options. He knew from his experiences with Charlotte
  that if he claimed he had done so himself, the girls would be insulted. He
  took a deep breath and told the truth.  
"I haven't," he said.  
"Recently?" Marianne asked.  
"Ever," Hannah interjected. "Right?"  
Robin nodded dumbly, feeling embarassed.  
"I think it must be medical or something," he mumbled. The girls all smiled
  reassuringly, and the rest of the game passed without any more piercing questions.
  Robin fell asleep on Hannah's bed after the game. He didn't know whether any
  of the girls had gone home and come back, but when he woke up nearing midday
  the following day, they were all there. He smiled at  
them from the bed, and they looked back nervously.  
"What's up?" Robin asked, sitting up.  
"We were wondering... if you were interested in a deal. Well, more of an
  exchange really," Hannah said. Robin said nothing, and she continued. "Well,
  the way we see it is that you can't come. Or at least you haven't been able
  to so far. So what if we o&#64256;ered to help you with that, by trying lots
  of di&#64256;erent things?"  
"Of course that sounds good to me. So what do you guys get in exchange?" Robin
  asked, but he realised the answer as he said it.  
"Well we &#64257;gure... each week one of us tries something knew with you,
  from a list we draw up together. And each week, all three of us get to have
  sex with you &ndash; in a position of our choice &ndash; until we reach orgasm." Robin
  knew that he had just had suggested to him the ultimate male fantasy.  
"Where's a pen and paper for this list?" he blurted out.  
Chapter 5 The List  
Robin smiled as he got back to his room and took the list out to look at
  it. This was going to be a fun year. 

  Blow
      jobs (Hannah tried already)   
  Hand
      jobs (ditto)   
  Thrusting
      (hand, mouth, tits, etc)
  Anal sex
  Vibrator
  Threesome?
  Blindfold
  Gag 
  Tied
      Up 
  Masturbator
        toy 
  Butt
          plug? 

Chapter 6 
    
Initial Attempts 
    
The following friday everyone turned up in Marianne's room, which was next
  to Claire's. It had been decided to use these rooms so that one could be used
  for sex while the other girls killed time in the other one. A di&#64256;erent
  condom would be used for each girl, and after all had had their fun (i.e. Robin's
  end of the bargain had been upheld), the chosen girl for that week's activity
  would return to try it out.  
Robin felt somehow that he was auditioning as he waited naked on the bed
  in Marianne's room, condom already in place. Hannah entered, swiftly stripped
  o&#64256; and climbed on top. In future weeks Hannah would always adopt the
  same position, but Robin never got tired of her on top of him, gyrating herself
  to orgasm. She almost made him feel that he wasn't missing anything, so good
  was their sex. After Hannah, it was Marianne's turn. This week she chose reverse
  cowgirl as the position, and Robin spent the time admiring her body further,
  and fondling her breasts.  
Finally it was Claire's turn. She entered the room and nervously removed
  her clothes. She was so thin she was awkwardly bony, Robin saw. Her ribcage
  was very prominent, and her hipbones jutted out, giving her groin an odd contour,
  as far as Robin could tell amongst the large jungle of black pubic hair that
  adorned her tiny body. She opted to go on top, and so climbed astride him.
  She tried to put his cock in by herself but he o&#64256;ered to help when she
  failed. She gasped loudly as it went in, and immediately starting trying to
  make herself orgasm. She had an awkward technique, bouncing up and down haphazardly
  on him in a manner that contrasting sharply with Hannah's smooth motions. It
  seemed e&#64256;ective though, as it only seemed to be a minute or two before
  Claire came, groaning quietly. She redressed quickly but then paused when she
  got to the door.  
Robin suspected that she was embarassed about having &#64257;nished so quickly,
  and so he o&#64256;ered that she could stay for a minute. She gladly accepted,
  and they chatted quietly, although most of Claire's attention was focused on
  Robin's dick. She left after about a quarter of an hour, and Hannah came back
  in.  
"Hi I'm Hannah, and I'm going to be your thrusting coach for the next four
  weeks," she said with a laugh. It felt to Robin, looking back on it much later,
  that the &#64257;rst four weeks blurred into one, due to each girl choosing
  the same position, and each time Hannah had tried to help him come using a
  di&#64256;erent part of her body.  
First it was her hand. She gripped his penis with both hands and let him
  thrust over and over into them, but Robin did not feel they were getting anywhere,
  and felt a little embarassed.  
Then they tried her mouth. Hannah lay down on the bed and let her head dangle
  backwards over the edge, leaving her mouth in a straight line with the rest
  of her body. Robin stood by the bed and thrust into her mouth. He loved the
  sight of his dick disappearing into her mouth with each thrust, and made her
  gag a few times in his excitement.  
He was still unable to come however, and the next week Robin found himself
  astride Hannah for a change, his dick nestling between her perfect breasts.
  He thrust backwards and forwards, and Hannah teased that he would come all
  over her pretty face, which spurred him on, to her amusement, but unfortunately
  it was to no avail.  
The &#64257;nal week of thrusting saw Hannah on top again, this time facing
  the other way as Marianne usually did. She pushed Robin's cock between her
  beautiful ass cheeks and then held her hand across them, keeping his prick
  in there as she slid backwards and forwards along its length. The feeling was
  exquisite, but as Robin had come to expect, there was no sign of orgasm.  
The week after that saw Marianne enter the room after all the girls had done.  
"I'm here to be anally penetrated," she declared. "How would you like me?"  
"Like I had you the &#64257;rst time," Robin said, and Marianne obeyed with
  a twinkle in her eye. She got on the bed on all fours, held on to the headboard,
  and pushed her ass out provocatively. Robin lubed up his &#64257;nger and slowly
  inserted it inside her. He loved the feeling of her ass squeezing against it
  and longed for his cock to be in there. He tried to insert another but Marianne
  was just too tight.  
"You need to loosen up," Robin told her, realising as he said it that she
  knew that already.  
"Well about the only time it feels loose is when your cock is in me," Marianne
  replied truthfully, and within seconds she felt the twin assaults of Robin's
  cock in her vagina, and his two &#64257;ngers sliding into her anus, though
  the former made her not care in the slightest about the latter.  
Once Robin had managed to get four &#64257;ngers sliding in and out easily,
  Marianne distracted all the while by the sex, he quickly withdrew from her
  vagina and pushed the head of his cock into her ass. The slippery juices from
  her vagina allowed his cock to slide in easily, until Marianne grunted when
  it was twothirds in. She was breathing heavily.  
"I think," she said between breaths, "you're going to... have to give me...
  a minute... to adjust. I feel... like you're splitting me in... two." Robin
  smiled at her discomfort. Despite his coming problem, he viewed his cock as
  a blessing now. Marianne's ass was squeezing against the intruder so tightly
  it felt like his dick was going to be crushed. She slowly relaxed though, and
  Robin was &#64257;nally able to thrust. It felt great, even though he couldn't
  thrust too quickly because of the trouble Marianne was having with his size.
  He slowly pounded her ass for half an hour but in the end decided to relent
  and let the poor girl go, as once again it hadn't worked.  
The next week, Hannah went for the same fantastic sex, but Marianne changed
  from reverse cowgirl back to doggy style. Robin decided to experiment, and
  while he was thrusting Marianne into relentless moaning, he was able to insert
  two &#64257;ngers into her tight ass and she only seemed to barely register
  them, and made no comment afterwards. The real change however came when Claire
  entered the room, holding a vibrator.  
"I'm doing the special thing this week Robin, I'm going to try using this
  vibrator on you while we have sex." Robin suggested the reverse cowgirl might
  allow her to best use the vibrator on his balls, and Claire agreed. She began
  by getting on top, as ever with Robin's help, and sitting vertically while
  buzzing the vibrator on the testicles that were almost lost in her mass of
  pubic hair. However, as soon as Robin thrust, she fell backwards, and so they
  ended up having sex with her lying on top of him. Since Claire orgasmed within
  a few minutes of starting, they decided to keep on going. In the end Claire
  had four orgasms, plus one more using the vibrator on herself after Robin decided
  it wasn't helping, and lay there while she vibrated herself to an orgasm around
  his cock.  
Chapter 7 
    
Three's A Crowd? 
    
The following week Claire returned to her triedandtrusted on top position.
  It made no real odds to Robin however, who did not mind the girl bouncing up
  and down on him for an orgasm, and she was sweet in an awkward way, but seductive
  Hannah on top, and powerful Marianne being subdued doggy style were far more
  interesting. Thus he was very pleased when his threesome turned out to be with
  Marianne and Hannah.  
The girls had an idea of what to try &#64257;rst. Hannah lay down on the
  bed face up, and Marianne lay on top of her, facing downwards, so that Hannah's
  face was erotically close, to Marianne's pink pussy. Robin entered Marianne,
  and Hannah began to lick the part of his shaft that was not inside the already
  moaning girl. Robin spent much of the time focused on how close Marianne's
  head was to the tempting tufts of hair at the top of Hannah's legs. Risking
  the wrath of both the girls, he pushed Marianne's head downwards, until her
  nose was sunk deep into Hannah's pussy. Marianne did not suddenly start giving
  head as Robin had secretly hoped, but nor did she protest. This aroused Robin
  further, but still he could not come.  
Robin suggested that perhaps one girl could sit on his face, while the other
  sat on his dick. To his surprise, they agreed immediately. Sometimes he felt
  like he could do anything to these girls, and they would not complain. Marianne
  lowered herself on to his face, while Hannah planted herself on his cock. He
  licked Marianne furiously, imagining that she would not let him up, and was
  forcing him to lick. In the end he managed, though prolonged and ultimately
  painful tonguing, to give both girls an orgasm. They went away compensated
  for their e&#64256;orts, and Robin was just as happy despite not coming.  
The next week was the penultimate week of term, so due to some deadlines,
  they all decided to cancel their weekly meetings until the new year. For the
  special event of resuming things for a new year, it was decided to gag, blindfold
  and bind Robin for his sex that week. So the girls bound him face up on the
  bed, hands tied to the headboard, and legs tied together.  
First up, as always, was Hannah. She did her usual routine, and while Robin
  found that depriving him of speech and sight concentrated the feelings in his
  dick, he yearned to see and touch her. He found he felt exactly the same about
  Marianne when she reverted to the reverse cowgirl, and thus when Claire arrived
  he was feeling frustrated.  
Robin was confused when Claire told him she was going to tie him up di&#64256;erently.
  She tied his hands and legs to the four di&#64256;erent corners of the bed
  so that he ended up facing downwards. She then slipped underneath him, and
  guided his cock inside her, so that they were in the missionary position.  
"I'm having &#64257;ve orgasms today before I let you go," Claire whispered
  in Robin's ear, and he set o&#64256; thrusting. After her third orgasm he began
  to slow slightly. "Faster!" Claire shouted, and slapped his behind three times.
  Unable to stop her, he was forced to thrust faster, and kept getting occasional
  slaps until she had climaxed a &#64257;fth time. When he was freed Robin realised
  that today, Claire's part was the most fun, due to her trying a di&#64256;erent
  tack. He mentioned it to her as he left, and she smiled at his compliment.  
The next week was nothing special Robin decided. By that time he had started
  writing a diary of events, retrospectively &#64257;lling in the weeks already
  gone. He only included one line for this week:  
Hannah: On top. Marianne: Doggy style. Claire: On top. Tried masturbator
      toy: washout.    
He hoped for better results the following session, which had to be delayed
  by two weeks due to coursework. The evening began with Marianne coming in holding
  a small butt plug.  
"Since you've been in my ass once before, the girls nominated me to put this
  in yours." Marianne lubed up Robin's ass and inserted the plug in a very straightforward
  nurselike way. Then she left and Hannah returned to go on top. Robin found
  that when he got particular sensations of pleasure (as happened often with
  Hannah), his butt muscles contracted around the plug, providing even more feeling.
  It wouldn't make him come but it made sex even more enjoyable. The same happened
  with Marianne. As he thrust into her from behind, he felt the plug inside him
  the whole time, amplyifying his pleasure. It also made his time with Claire
  noticeably more enjoyable, and she remarked on it. The girls decided the plug
  was a partial success, and Claire suggested that the next week they could try
  Robin with a strapon dildo. Marianne and Hannah laughed, and said Claire could
  do it since she suggested it.  
So the following week, after all the sex, Claire entered, stripped o&#64256; and
  put on the strapon dildo. It was not as big as Robin's cock but he noted that
  neither was it small. Claire decided, with a wry smile he noticed, that Robin
  could go in the ontop position for this. He got on top, and with Claire's help
  guided the head of the dildo into his ass. He slid down on it and it felt just
  as good as the plug had. He began sliding up and down the dildo, and found
  that it felt better than the plug. He experimented for a long while on the
  dildo, but without stimulation on his cock he could not do too much.  
Claire recognised this, and thus the next week saw him entering Marianne
  from behind for a second time at the end of the evening, while Claire penetrated
  his ass with her dildo. It was the best e&#64256;ort so far, and as Robin thrust
  away, he felt he owed the tiny girl behind him a lot of thanks.  
That turned out to be the last sex evening that year. Having exhausted the
  list, the girls felt at a bit of a loss, and deadlines meant that the rest
  of the term was too busy, and the third term of the year was exam term anyway.
  They pledged to start again the next academic year (without Claire, who was
  o&#64256; on a foreign placement year). Robin thought about the evenings a
  lot during the exam term, he masturbated a lot but inevitably never came.  
On the &#64257;nal morning of the term, Robin was in bed when his door opened
  and Claire walked in.  
"Hi," Robin said dreamily. "Didn't expect to see you."  
"It's my &#64257;nal day here. I'm leaving for the airport once I leave here."  
"Ah right. Well have a good trip, and &ndash;"  
"Do you trust me?" Claire cut in.  
"Yes," Robin said truthfully.  
"Good. Strip naked, and put these on." Claire threw him a gag and blindfold.
  Robin did as she wanted, and then she made him crouch on all fours before handcu&#64259;ng
  his hands behind his knees, which had the e&#64256;ect of sticking his butt
  in the air and leaving him fairly motionless. He felt the bed sink slightly
  as Claire climbed on it, and the next thing he felt was lubricant against his
  ass.  
Claire inserted one &#64257;nger, then two, and then more slowly the third
  and the fourth. She had slender wrists, but Robin didn't realise how slender
  until he felt the knuckle of her thumb sliding into his ass and realised that
  she now had her whole &#64257;st inside him. He grunted slightly with pain
  as it was slightly bigger than he could take. But his grunts soon turned to
  moans. Robin had no idea what Claire was doing inside him, but it felt good.
  Through his moaning he seemed able to guide her back into the right spots,
  and it felt good.  
There was some sort of weird &ndash; but very good &ndash; sensation building
  inside him. He felt his body launch forward involuntarily, and suddenly he
  felt his dick pumping, and come was streaming from his cock. Claire pulled
  her hand out in one motion, causing Robin to jump forwards in pain and pleasure,
  still ejaculating as he fell forward into a pile of his own sticky come.  
"I'm guessing you want to know how I did that," Claire said from somewhere
  behind him. "In which case I'll see you in a year's time." And with that, she
  was gone. By the time Robin had put his handcu&#64256;s under his legs and
  up to the front, removed the blindfold and gag, located the handcu&#64256;s
  key Claire left on the bed, cleaned himself up and dressed, he had no chance
  of catching up with her.  
Robin could not believe both that he had come, and that his only chance of
  it happening again had just disappeared out of his life.  
Chapter 8 
    
Two's Company 
    
By the time the summer ended, Robin had resolved to forget about Claire and
  his oneo&#64256; orgasm (which he had been unable to replicate over the summer).
  The end of the &#64257;rst week of term found him in Marianne's room, discussing
  the year ahead with Hannah and Marianne.  
"We'd like to start up our friday evenings again," Hannah explained, "but
  we're not sure what else to try for you."  
"So I have something for you, but you have nothing for me?" he mused out
  loud. Hannah nodded, her face betraying the fact that they were worried he
  would not accept.  
"How about we make a new deal? You get your orgasms every week, but in return
  you have to do whatever I want for the evening."  
The girls glanced at each other once, and then agreed.  
As soon as he got back to his room, Robin took out his diary and began planning
  to revisit all the best times he had had, improving on them where possible.  
The next week he had them in a threesome again. First Marianne sat on his
  face, while Hannah went on top. To further his fantasies, Robin got them kissing
  each other, with some breast fondling as well. Once Hannah had climaxed, the
  girls swapped positions. It was just as fun as last time, but Robin knew this
  was just the beginning, before some more audacious requests. The week after
  that he changed to having the girls sit on each other's faces during sex. They
  agreed, but said they would not give each other head. Robin was disappointed
  but played nice, and said that was &#64257;ne.  
Robin had good memories of thrusting into Hannah's ass crack. Somehow it
  felt more kinky than anal sex, which he planned to revisit later. The girls
  were a bit bemused after their orgasms to be told that they should lie on their
  sides, facing away from each other, pressing their asses together so that Robin
  could thrust into the middle of their four buttocks, deliciously contrasting
  black and white he imagined.  
The reality was somewhat less satisfying however, as the girls did not keep
  close enough to create the proper feeling. Frustrated, Robin looked around
  the room until his gaze settled on Marianne's dressing gown. He picked it up
  and pulled out the cord, then used it to tie it round Marianne and Hannah's
  waists. They complained of its tightness, but Robin ignored them as he nestled
  his cock between their cute asses. After ten minutes of fun he gave into their
  demands to be freed.  
Chapter 9 
    
Tied To The Deal 
    
Marianne and Hannah were getting used to slightly 'di&#64256;erent' (as Marianne
  put it) requests, so there was not too much fuss when Robin suggested that
  they be blindfolded and gagged for their sex session the next week. He made
  Hannah lie down on the bed next to Marianne as he took her from behind. When
  it came to Hannah's turn to go on top, without prompting Marianne sat up on
  the bed and felt her way over to Robin. She took his hands and placed them
  on Hannah's gyrating derriere, before sitting on his face. Robin breathed deeply
  of Marianne's scent, and set to work tongueing her while Hannah's bottom &#64258;exed
  in his hands. As fun as it was, Robin was irked that Marianne had taken the
  initiative. This was one week where he was supposed to be in control.  
For the next four weeks, Robin tied the girls up. He bound them in di&#64256;erent
  positions, blindfolded and usually gagged them. With Marianne he delighted
  in &#64257;ngering her ass as he fucked the helpless girl, her hands bound
  to the headboard. Then he cu&#64256;ed her hands behind her back, and refused
  to thrust unless she was &#64257;ngering her own ass for his viewing pleasure
  while he had her doggy style.  
To change things round with Hannah, he cu&#64256;ed her hands and fucked
  her from below, making her bounce awkwardly up and down like Claire used to,
  denying the gorgeous blonde her usual routine. He tried unsuccessfully to penetrate
  her ass. Even though he ignored her mu&#64260;ed squeals of protest, he could
  not force the head of his dick inside her. It was simply too big he decided.  
On the fourth week Robin had a realisation. Quite apart from the fact that
  the girls were clearly becoming unhappy with their treatment while tied up,
  Robin wasn't enjoying it as much as he clearly should. So the week after that
  he told the girls to tie him up and have a go at being dominatrixes.  
They obliged, and tied him to the bed, complete with blindfold and gag. Robin
  waited to see what they would do, his heart &#64258;uttering. First Hannah
  went on top (Robin could easily tell by now which girl was which), and after
  that Marianne gave him a tit job before also jumping on top. When they untied
  him, Robin was disappointed, more disappointed than he had expected.  
In the &#64257;rst week of the second term, which was their next session,
  he urged them to try di&#64256;erent things, to tease and play with him, and
  use their imagination. They duly teased him a little but it lacked a vital
  ingredient, Robin knew. They only did what he asked, and that was not good
  enough. Robin expressed his frustrations to the girls, and to his surprise
  they retaliated with their own frustration caused by, in their words, "the
  sex becoming less interested and too malecentric". The charge was fair Robin
  knew, though he suspected that they may &#64257;nally have become less enamoured
  with his orgasmgiving ability.  
Chapter 10 
    
A New Hope 
    
And so it was that the triad broke up. Robin spent the weekend kicking himself
  for ruining it all, and a bad mood descended on him that was in full swing
  the monday afterwards during his lectures.  
"That bad huh?" said a voice next to him as he sat waiting for the afternoon
  lecture to begin. He looked up to see the girl from his &#64257;rst day (which
  is how he always thought of her, since he had yet to even &#64257;nd out her
  name).  
"Yeah," he replied brusquely, annoyed that he looked so angry it had caused
  her to comment. She turned to walk past him.  
"Wait," Robin said, and she turned back. "Sorry, I mean.. I didn't mean to
  be rude." She slid into the seat next to him.  
"Apology accepted. Angela, by the way."  
"Robin. I remember you from the &#64257;rst day."  
"Same here." There was a pause.  
"This guy always starts his lectures late," Robin o&#64256;ered.  
"Yeah, it's such a pain. And that thing he does when he clears his throat  
&ndash; it's so annoying!" Robin smiled, and they continued talking in hushed
  tones throughout the lecture, occasionally doodling comic messages on each
  other's pads. It was almost as if, Robin thought that evening, just as one
  good thing came to an end, another felt obliged to start. They continued to
  sit together for the rest of term, but neither ever asked the other out. Robin
  didn't know whether Angela was interested or not, they got on well enough but
  he found it hard to tell if she was interested in anything more than friendship.  
Chapter 11 
    
A Welcome Return 
    
Robin had almost forgotten about Claire's return, between his breakup with
  Hannah and Marianne and his newfound interest in Angela, she had been pushed
  to the back of his thoughts. On the &#64257;rst monday of the third year, Robin
  answered his door to see her standing before him, looking just the same as
  she had in the &#64257;rst year, despite her travels to a sunnier climate.
  He invited her in, and they started to idly chat before Claire brought up the
  obvious subject.  
"So I gather things didn't work out with Hannah and Marianne then?"  
"No, seems not," Robin replied, wondering what her response would be.  
"Maybe they lacked the vital ingredient?" Claire suggested with a twinkle
  in her eye.  
"I guess so," Robin said guardedly.  
"Well if you want another demonstration, free of charge," the dimunitive
  girl said authoritatively, emphasising the 'free' part, "come to my room on
  friday night." They did not mention it again during their conversation, and
  Claire left after they had &#64257;nished talking. Robin began to imagine eagerly
  what it would be like, remembering back to the time that she had given him
  his &#64257;rst, and only, orgasm &ndash; how it felt as the climax built inside
  him, and the feeling of come surging up his dick.  
"I was thinking, over the summer..." Angela began. They were sat in the &#64257;rst
  lecture of the term, now moved to wednesday mornings, waiting for their new
  lecturer to arrive. "And then it turns out I'm going to this party on friday
  night, so," her voice trailed o&#64256;, and Robin tried to make sense of her
  sentence. "Would you like to come with me?" Robin's heart skipped a beat and
  he was just about to agree, when he remembered Claire's proposition.  
He felt his smile rise and fall even before he opened his mouth.  
"I'm sort of busy this friday, maybe saturday?"  
"That's ok, it's no big deal," Angela said with a hint of dejection, and
  changed topic. Robin sat there kicking himself, but Claire's o&#64256;er was
  too important to him. There would be other parties, he was sure.  
Robin turned up at Claire's room that friday night, where she was waiting
  for him. She made him strip o&#64256;, and then got him to bend over the bed
  while she prepared and administered to his ass. Robin felt more like a patient
  that a lover or sexgod, but true to her word Claire stimulated him to orgasm,
  making him come long spurts into the condom she made him put on "to avoid a
  mess". When Robin had cleaned up and redressed, Claire sat down on the bed
  next to him.  
"I want to o&#64256;er you a deal," she said to him forthrightly. "I'll give
  you an orgasm every week in this very room, as long as you do whatever I want &#64257;rst." Robin
  almost laughed out loud at her o&#64256;ering him a direct reversal of the
  deal he had suggested the year before. He accepted with a certain amount of
  chagrin, and realised that this was how the two girls must have felt when they
  accepted.  
The next week Robin found himself naked in Claire's bed lying face up, blindfolded
  and waiting for her to climb on the bed with him. He felt the bed sink slightly
  as she sat next to him.  
"Tell me," she said, with an edge to her voice that Robin couldn't fathom, "do
  you like my cunt Robin?" Robin thought of her bony pelvis, and the jungle of
  pubic hair that contrasted so sharply with his favoured shaven look, thought
  about the question, and knew what to say.  
"Yes, I do. I love your pussy."  
"Do you desire it? Do you want it?" Claire asked, emphasising the "desire" and "want".  
"God yes, I want it so badly." There was a slight pause before Robin realised
  he should continue. "I want it now, please give it to me, I never had a cunt
  so sweet and tight as yours, not in any other girl." That seemed to be what
  Claire wanted to hear, because the next thing Robin felt was the press of hair
  against his nose, as she lowered herself on to his face. He began licking her.
  In his mind he remembered Marianne sitting on his face while Hannah rode him,
  and that spurred him on to bring her to orgasm.  
"Would you like my cunt on the end of your dick, Robin? Is that what you
  want?" Robin really wanted her to make him come again, and he steeled himself,
  remembering that this was getting him there.  
"Yes, please take me inside you, ride me like you know how, I want you now." This
  time Claire inserted his dick herself, Robin noticed, but her questions did
  not stop when she was on top.  
"Do you like me fucking you Robin?" Robin cried out in the a&#64259;rmative,
  telling her how amazing it felt.  
"Who's the best fuck you've ever had?" Claire shouted as she bounced up and
  down faster and faster. Robin's mind involuntarily leapt to his &#64257;rst
  encounter with Hannah, and remembered banging Marianne as she thrust &#64257;ngers
  into his ass because he ordered her to.  
"It's you, Claire. You, Claire," he exclaimed, and sure enough it sent her
  over the edge into a quivering climax. Afterwards she made Robin come again,
  in her e&#64259;cient manner.  
The next week was similar.  
"Tell me Robin," Claire said after she had mounted him, "is it only my cunt
  that you like?"  
"No, I love your whole body," Robin said, and to prove his point he blindly
  felt for her, running his hands around her body slightly awkwardly from his
  blindfolded position.  
"Do you want to see it then?" she asked, a slight note of tension in her
  voice as she began rocking on top of him.  
"Yes, yes. Please let me see you, I want to see your beautiful body," Robin
  told her, and kept telling her how gorgeous she was until she whipped o&#64256; his
  blindfold just as she came. Her 'inquiries' (as Robin thought of them sarcastically)
  continued the following week.  
"Robin," Claire said idly as she sat next to Robin's naked &ndash; and this
  time visually unimpaired, he noted &ndash; form, "Are sex and orgasms all you
  want from me?"  
"No," Robin answered, by now conditioned as to how to respond, "I'd love
  to kiss you, to kiss you all over, to pleasure your whole body."  
"That's all very charming, but I know you'd love to do those things to me,
  I want to know what you really want me to do," Claire said as she idly ran
  her &#64257;ngers along his hard shaft. Robin made a point of moaning softly.  
"I want you to stroke me, and lick me, and pleasure me like only you can." Claire
  smiled at his reply. After half an hour of slightly awkward and generally pleasant
  but not outstanding combined hand and blow job, featuring much encouragement
  from Robin, Claire sat up with a grin on her face and &#64257;sted Robin to
  orgasm while she stroked him, this time with more feeling than before.  
"What was your favourite bit of our sessions in the &#64257;rst year?" Claire
  asked the following week, before they had undressed. Robin considered all his
  times with Claire (which he knew the answer had to come from), and thought &#64257;rst
  of the last time with Claire, when she took him from behind while he did the
  same to Marianne. He suspected that Claire would not be pleased by the mention
  of the attractive, athletic young black girl though, and so he chose another.  
"When you tied me up and spanked me until I'd &#64257;nished fucking you," Robin
  answered, and felt that he was being truthful since this novelty was just as
  much what Hannah and Marianne had missed compared to Claire as the orgasms
  the blackhaired girl could give him.  
"And why was that the best?"  
"Because you tried something new and di&#64256;erent and exciting," Robin
  answered honestly, and then continued, the realisation dawning as he spoke
  the words, "and because I liked being helpless, and you having all the control."  
The rest of the term Robin was tied up every time. One week, Claire sat on
  his face until he had given her three orgasms, by the end of which Robin felt
  like he would never take another breath that did not contain the smell of her,
  and his tongue was raw and tired. Another week she teased Robin with her hands
  and mouth and pussy, making him beg for her to pleasure his cock with them,
  but never letting him do so. Robin realised that he did actually want her to,
  and this made it all the more frustrating.  
There was one week when she put on her strapon dildo and fucked Robin in
  the ass until he was so sore he was shouting for her to stop. "Shut up!" she
  declared angrily and, pulling out of his ass and ripping o&#64256; the condom,
  she fucked him in the mouth instead, ignoring the gagging noises he made as
  the rubber invader &#64257;lled his mouth over and over again. Then, when she
  had made him come (while still tied up), she took the condom from his dick,
  and as he watched, she slid it over her strapon insideout. She held his nose
  until he opened his mouth for breath, and then fucked his mouth again until
  the condom was free of the slimey come that Robin was forced to swallow.  
At the end of their &#64257;nal session before christmas, Claire told him
  that she was going to be away for the &#64257;rst half of the following term,
  but that she would expect Robin to be there on the friday of the week that
  she returned. Robin grudgingly agreed, bound to this girl by the unique gift
  she had for giving him orgasms, even though the draw of her dominance had slowly
  evaporated as her demands became more obscene.  
Chapter 12 
    
Conclusion 
    
On the &#64257;rst week back of the new term, Robin asked Angela if she knew
  of any more parties they could attend together. She had never broached the
  subjection since his initial rejection of her o&#64256;er many months before.
  Her smile betrayed her joy, and that friday he met her at a friend's party.
  He enjoyed spending time with her so much that they spent the following weeks
  going out to parties and to the cinema, and restaurants together. When it came
  to the tuesday before his next meeting with Claire, Angela broached the subject
  of sex, which took Robin by surprise.  
"Robin, I know we've been going out for a bit, and you're probably wondering
  why I haven't tried to be more... physical." To his surprise, Robin realised
  that he hadn't actually wondered about that. Angela was beautiful, but she
  just seemed to him to be a world apart from his exploits with Hannah, Marianne
  and Claire. "Basically," she continued, "I don't believe in sex before marriage.
  I thought you should know. If that's not ok with you, then you should say now
  and we'll call it a day. If you are &#64257;ne with that, are you up for dinner
  on friday?"  
Robin began to think of the choices, of continuing with Claire's domination,
  of possibly making up with Hannah and Marianne, of sticking with the girl he
  was sat next to, or some devious twotiming combination of a few of the girls.
  But he realised he knew which he wanted, and it only involved the one girl.
  Orgasms be damned, he thought in a &#64257;t of pique.  
"That's &#64257;ne. Next friday it is." Angela smiled, and Robin smiled back
  at her, happy.  



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





