BDSM Library - Boss Lady




Boss Lady
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Female boss enslaves a male employee.  She lays out a five-lesson training program for him. He learns her rules and etiquette positions. Boss Lady  
by Tim Roberts  
Diane was the first female supervisor I had ever had. The first day she arrived
  in the office I was stunned by how beautiful she was; early 30's, long brown
  hair and brown eyes, about 5'6", and slender with a great build. Yes, she was
  truly very pretty. But what really turned me on was the way she dressed and
  how she handled herself in the office. She managed to do a real good job of
  looking business-like and sexy at the same time, wearing suits but with the
  dress cut short and nice strappy high heels. Diane's style was pretty direct
  but also light and playful. But she seemed to enjoy giving orders and quickly
  established herself as the boss in fact as well as in name.  
I was very attracted to her physically and found it vaguely satisfying to
  have her as my supervisor. It gradually dawned on me that her take-charge manner
  made her even more attractive to me. But I still found it hard to adjust to
  working for a woman. I resisted doing stuff she wanted and started missing
  deadlines on important projects. Since I was the only male reporting to her,
  I really felt isolated. And some days, when she wore something especially tantalizing
  I was so distracted I couldn't concentrate for hours afterward. My God, those
  legs and tight ass, how I wanted to get my hands on her!  
Finally, about a month after she arrived, Diane called me into her office
  for a one-on-one talk about my performance. She said she thought that I was
  having difficulty because I could only think about her as a woman, not as my
  boss. I admitted that I found her very attractive.  
"I find that you're no different from the other men I've supervised, Tim.
  You lack respect and you are insubordinate. And your mind is constantly in
  the gutter. Don't deny it. I've noticed the leering looks from you on several
  occasions. But you know that I control your future here, don't you?"  
"Yes, Diane"  
"Well, good, that's a start. Now, what I find works really well with a recalcitrant
  male subordinate is some private tutoring after hours. It's not optional, if
  you want to get along with me, that is."  
She handed me a piece of paper with an address on it and said she expected
  to see me there the following Wednesday at 7:00 pm.  
"That's 7:00 pm sharp, Tim. Is this all clear?"  
"Yes Diane, I guess," I responded.  
"Don't worry" she replied, "with my help, you'll become unconfused very quickly
  and we will get along much, much better. Now you are dismissed. Back to work!"  
Diane's latest instructions really did leave me confused, so I was looking
  forward to the "tutorial" as she called it. My fondest hope, of course, was
  that she was really just coming on to me and that I was about to get lucky.
  After a lot of vacillation, I went out and bought some nice perfume to bring
  on Wednesday. That would at least make it clear that I was interested in being
  a lot more than just her "subordinate".  
The townhouse she lived in was in a nice neighborhood. Diane was all smiles
  as she let me in and invited me to the living room. She wore the same navy
  blue suit she had on at work that day, but she had removed her jacket. The
  top button of her blouse was open, showing an exciting bit of cleavage. Diane
  was clearly aware of the effect she had on me. After I sat on the sofa she
  stood in front of me, looked down at me, and smiled. &quot;Like what you see?&quot;  
&quot;Yea, I sure do. Diane, you're, ah, well. I find you very attractive.
  And I ....&quot; I was so embarrassed I didn't know what to say.  
With an amused grin on her face, she waited as I squirmed a bit. Finally
  I decided that actions would speak louder than words--big mistake as it turned
  out. Anyway, I reached up and put my hand on her leg. At this she grabbed my
  tie, pulled my head up and angrily informed me that I was never to touch her
  without her permission. I started to apologize but she stopped me.  
&quot;I'm not interested in apologies. You see, Tim, I have special rules
  for men--I expect to be treated like a lady at all times. I am very special
  and deserve to be treated accordingly. And men who work for me have to learn
  have lots of rules if they want to please the boss."  
She moved over and sat in the side chair next to the sofa. "The first rule
  is that since I am your superior and you are my subordinate, you will kneel
  when in my presence. After all, subordinate does mean lower or under, doesn't
  it?"  
"Yes, Diane, but, I&hellip;"  
"Do it" she interrupted sharply, pointing to the floor in front of her.  
I was totally taken aback and complied.  
"Now, for the next hour or so you will start learning to respect me and obey
  me the way your supposed to. First, I have a little task for you. One of my
  garters came loose and I want you to help me reattach it." As she spoke, she
  stood up and slowly raised her skirt on one side to reveal the loose garter.
  My cock got so hard I was afraid she would see it through my pants.  
"You have permission to touch my leg in order to reattach my garter."  
Nervously I fumbled with the garter. She giggled at my awkwardness and observed
  that I seemed to need more practice. This was an immensely pleasurable task,
  so I was sorry that only one garter had come loose. Above the top of her stockings
  I could see her pretty white thighs and even a bit of the black panties she
  wore. It was difficult to control myself. I fantasized about being able to
  dress or undress her. What a queen she was!  
When I was finished she sat down again. &quot;Now, why don't you stay on
  your knees. I like you on your knees, and besides, I know YOU like it because
  the view is SO-O-O good!&quot; As she said this, she crossed her legs and,
  with a flourish, carefully slid her skirt up so that the garters on both her
  legs were clearly visible. I was so stunned I couldn't believe what was happening.
  This woman certainly was different--more than a cock tease, a lot more.  
Although I felt a bit sheepish, I stayed on my knees and positioned myself
  before her.  
&quot;You like my beautiful legs in my sexy stockings and garters, don't
  you Tim?&quot;  
&quot;Yea, Diane, who wouldn't? You're a real turn on.&quot;  
She prompted me to tell her in great detail what I was thinking, what I thought
  about her, and why I found her to be attractive. All my emotions just came
  out in a torrent of words. I told her how she attracted me physically and also
  that she seemed different. Finally, I shyly admitted that I wanted to have
  sex with her in the worst way.  
&quot;So you want it bad, huh, well that's typical of males. You can desire
  me all you want. I don't care. The fact is, I'm your boss. Actually, I find
  that little boys become so much more agreeable and compliant when they're needy
  like that. And I find it a bit amusing watching you try to hide this.&quot; As
  she spoke, she placed the tip of her left heel on top of the bulge between
  my legs.  
I let out a low moan of frustrated desire. Any contact from her felt so good
  I couldn't help myself. I involuntarily started to push my pelvis up toward
  her shoe. &quot;No, no, control yourself. I want you to remain perfectly still.
  You must learn control when you're in my presence.&quot;  
I tried mightily to obey. She slowly brushed her heel in circles over my
  crotch area. I thought I would come right then and there but she removed her
  heel just in time.  
&quot;Good, Tim. But I see you need to learn more self-control. Now I want
  you to get me something to drink--how about a diet coke on ice. Just go to
  the kitchen and help yourself. Get something for yourself too. And there's
  a tray on the countertop next to the fridge. You can serve it to me on that.
  Now hurry, I'm thirsty.&quot;  
When I came back I found Diane stretched out on the couch but sitting up,
  with her back against one arm. She smiled prettily as I leaned down and offered
  her the drink on the tray.  
She had me kneel again in front of the couch. We chatted and sipped our drinks
  for a few minutes.  
"So, you're starting to learn how I like men to behave around me. You obviously
  enjoy it or you wouldn't have such a hard on. What you really are, Tim, like
  all men who work for me, is my slave.  
There was a brief silence. I looked down in embarassment.  
She continued: "I require total obedience and submission. If you want to
  continue working for me it be on my terms--you, Tim as my loyal, obedient slave,
  and me as your mistress, teacher and guide. I will take you into a new world,
  Tim, where men serve women. I am a strict but fair mistress. Your training
  will consist of regular punishment and correction, and you will learn total
  humility by obeying all my wishes. Your reward will be the privilege of serving
  me and pleasing me. If you are a good boy, I may occasionally allow you sexual
  release."  
"Do you agree to become my slave?"  
"Yes, I do."  
"From now on, when we are alone, either here or at work, you will address
  me as 'My Lady". Now I want you to properly acknowledge me and then kiss each
  of my feet to show your respect."  
She had me and she knew it. There was no choice,  
"Yes, My Lady, I obediently replied. And I planted a kiss on each of her
  feet in their sexy heels.  
She led me upstairs to a small, barely furnished room next to the bedroom.
  In one corner was a rack containing a huge array of whips, paddles, and other
  implements that I had never seen but whose purpose was easy to guess. A big
  wicker fan chair, like the kind that the queen uses in the movies, was in the
  opposite corner. She instructed me to strip completely naked and kneel facing
  the chair. I was to put my forehead on the floor, legs spread shoulder width
  apart, and hands on the floor at my sides.  
"I expect to find you to be ready and in that exact position when I return.
  You are not to move without my permission." She left the room.  
I stripped, assumed the position she had indicated, and patiently waited.
  A good ten minutes later I heard her enter the room. Without thinking, I looked
  up as she approached--big mistake! She was an eyeful--she had changed into
  a long black silk robe. It was open at the top to show some cleavage, and she
  wore high heels and stockings. But I had been disobedient by moving without
  her permission.  
She was clearly very displeased but in an even tone of voice, she firmly
  established who was in charge. "You disobeyed and must be punished. You will
  get a taste of the hot pain that your mistress has in store for slaves who
  displease her." She handed me some ankle and wrist cuffs and instructed me
  to put them on. Grabbing my left ear, she led me to her 'whipping horse' in
  the corner. I bent over it and she secured my ankles and wrists to anchors
  at the bottom of each leg. Now I was completely helpless.  
Without a word she proceeded to beat me--a total of 10 strokes, 5 for each
  infraction. She taught me the ritual I was to follow whenever being corrected;
  first, ask her for each stroke, and then thank her after it was administered.
  And if I forgot any part, I would get two more penalty strokes. She started
  with a heavy paddle and finished up the last five with a riding crop. The pain
  built gradually and seemed to go deeper and deeper with each stroke. She hit
  me pretty hard and didn't seem concerned at all when I yelled out in pain.
  My pleas for mercy fell on deaf ears.  
She released me and sat down in her chair. I started to follow her but she
  turned and, pushing the tip of the crop into my chest, told me to await her
  command.  
She settled comfortably into the chair. Tapping the crop lightly on the side
  of the chair, she said "Okay, Tim, you may crawl over here and beg your mistress's
  forgiveness."  
I was required to first thank her profusely for correcting me. Only then
  was I to offer repeated apologies and promises not to repeat my misdeeds. All
  the while, she held the crop across her lap, an unspoken threat of further
  punishment if I screwed up. It was easy for me to be totally sincere, with
  my ass still burning from the whipping I had just received. I didn't want to
  get on her wrong side again any time soon. Of course, I didn't know it then
  but, as I learned later, I didn't have to misbehave to merit a beating. Diane
  would punish or torment me whenever she felt like indulging her sadistic streak.
  And most surprising of all, I came to like it because I was pleasing my mistress
  and indulging my own need to submit to this beautiful dominatrix.  
Diane allowed me to sit comfortably on the floor while she explained her
  training program. My ass was so sore I had to sit sideways. She totally ignored
  my rock hard cock. I self-consciously tried to hide it under my hand.  
"Let me tell you what I require new slave candidates to do. They must go
  through a training course that I have set up. This covers all aspects of what
  it takes to serve me and please me. It will teach you to obey and submit, while
  also pleasing and amusing me. This will give you a chance to show how sincere
  you are about becoming my slave. And I get a chance to evaluate you and decide
  if I want to accept you into my stable.  
"There will be five lessons, each of which corresponds to a training session
  covering a specific topic. The first lesson, which we are doing today, covers
  the basic rules of obedience, servitude and respect. You will be expected to
  adhere to these rules throughout the rest of your training. The second lesson
  will introduce you to bondage and discipline and what I call my training toys.
  Now most new slaves really enjoy lessons three and four because they give you
  the chance to have a little more physical contact with your mistress. Let me
  explain. The theme of lesson three is worship and amusement. You will learn
  some basic body worship rituals and how to amuse me by being really servile
  and being humiliated, or by just serving as my plaything. And don't misunderstand
  me, Tim, there's absolutely no sexual contact. When I say plaything, I mean
  more like my trained pet dog.  
"In lesson four, I will teach you how to take pain in exchange for pleasure.
  I will allow you certain pleasure but first you must earn it by submitting
  and enduring a good deal of pain. After all, this is only fair, don't you think,
  Tim?"  
"Yes, My Lady, I guess so."  
"Well, after lesson four I'm sure you'll be answering with a strong yes."  
"And finally, in the fifth lesson I will give you a 'final exam", which will
  involve your being loaned out to serve one of my girlfriends who is also a
  domme. She will evaluate your training and give me a final report. And if she
  fails you, you will be severely punished and then required to start over on
  remedial training from the beginning."  
"Now, let's get on with today's lesson. The topic is my basic rules for slaves.
  They fall into five types of behavior that I require--respect, obey, submit,
  endure, and serve. Since all ladies love roses, and your mistress is no exception,
  I find it amusing that the first letters of my five behaviors spell the word
  ROSES. And we all know that feeble-minded males need lots of help remembering,
  don't they, Tim?"  
"Yes, they do." Hastily, I added "My Lady"  
"Let's start with 'Respect'. Slaves should always exhibit the most proper
  manners toward the superior female. Since I am your mistress and you are my
  slave, I have even stricter standards. First, as you've noticed, slaves are
  always naked in my presence. It reminds you of your status and makes your body
  completely available for whatever I want to do to it. You will always address
  me with a respectful tone of voice. I don't want to hear 'I want' or ' I need'
  from you. In order to be respectful you must be humble and submissive. So what
  I want is 'My Lady, may I please' or 'My Lady, I humbly request'. Also, I suggest
  that you never interrupt me and never disagree or question me. You are not
  to touch me or any article of my clothing without my permission. Any infraction
  may be punished but this last one is guaranteed to  
result in severe correction. And I think you have an idea by now of what
  that means."  
"Is everything clear so far, Tim?"  
"Yes, My Lady, very clear."  
" 'Obey' is pretty simple. I expect instant obedience when I tell you to
  do something. I don't want to see any questioning or disagreement. The only
  question you may ask is to make sure you understand what I want you to do.
  I am in control at all times when you are in my presence.  
"The next behavior is 'Submit'. This has to do a little with obedience but
  it's more a question of attitude. It's a privilege to be in my presence. Whenever
  I grant you that privilege, it's to meet MY needs, not yours. That means you
  must learn to be always thinking of how to please me and serve me. The hardest
  thing for males to learn is how not to think about their cocks--or with their
  cocks!!! Your need to cum is of no concern to me. In fact, you will learn that
  you cock and balls belong to me for my amusement. Your purpose here is to amuse
  me, serve me, and be my toy. There are a lot of things I will have you do to
  teach you what 'Submit' means.  
"What's the next one, Tim?"  
"Endure, My Lady."  
"Very good, Tim. Now let me give you a little hands on demonstration of this
  behavior. Stand up and clasp your hands behind your back! "  
She stood up and got a pair of handcuffs from the rack. She placed them on
  my wrists. I was now completely vulnerable for her 'little demonstration'.  
She stood in front of me and grabbed my balls with her hand and squeezed
  them. As the pain hit me, she ordered me to stay still. This, she said, was
  endurance. Could I endure the pain in my balls? If I did, it would please her
  greatly, she explained. If I failed to endure, not only would I earn her displeasure,
  but maybe a whipping as well.  
"These balls and this cock belong to me, don't they Tim? "  
"Yes, My Lady."  
"Then I can do whatever I want with them. Go fetch me that rawhide lace and
  the short little penis whip, the one with the red handle. Since your hands
  still cuffed you can bring them to me in your teeth."  
"Yes, My Lady, as you wish."  
I hurried over to the rack. I grabbed the rawhide lace with my hands, clutched
  the penis whip in my mouth, and brought them to her. She proceeded to tie the
  rawhide tightly around my balls, wrapping it several times between them, and
  then around my shaft up to the head. My cock bulged out, the color of dark
  purple, and my balls looked like to ripe plums. Then, while staring straight
  into my eyes, she methodically beat my cock with the penis whip, a little whip
  about a foot long. Gradually the pain intensified. She was hitting harder each
  time. Clearly she enjoyed dishing out the pain and seemed to delight in my
  efforts to take it without moving or crying out, even though I did break position
  after about a half dozen strokes.  
After tormenting me in this manner for a while (or should I say teaching
  me endurance), Diane sat down and had me kneel at her feet again. She explained
  the last behavior, 'Serve'. This had to do with real service, like giving her
  a back massage or a pedicure, washing her lingerie, or cleaning her apartment.
  She indicated that the kind of service she might require would depend on her
  mood, as well as my ability to perform satisfactorily. During my training,
  what counted most was honest effort on my part to serve her and to try to do
  it properly. As long as I displayed the proper motivation, respect, and submissive
  attitude she would not punish me for mistakes. Eventually, if I was accepted
  into her stable of slaves, I would be expected to become proficient in all
  of these tasks.  
Diane then informed me that the lesson was almost over and that she was going
  to use the last part to reinforce my training in basic submission. I was forced
  to beg for the privilege of having an orgasm. She made me grovel and humiliate
  myself to "show my sincerity" as she put it. When she finally relented, I was
  allowed to cum but only under her total control. With the crop she set the
  pace to which I was permitted to stroke my cock. She stopped suddenly several
  times, giggling at the intense frustration on my face. The first time I continued
  pumping and she angrily slashed the crop across my back to make me stop.  
The threat that got my immediate attention was that she would send me home
  still hard, to take a cold shower. Finally, My Lady allowed me to cum. I was
  forced to catch it in my hand and lick it up as she looked on with a smile
  of triumph. She obviously reveled in her ability to use my lust for her and
  my submissive nature as a tool for humiliating and controlling me.  
Two days later I got a letter from her with the following instruction sheet
  inside.  
ETIQUETTE COMMANDS AND POSITIONS FOR SLAVES OF LADY DIANE  
Note to slaves from Lady Diane:  
The purpose of these commands and positions is to demonstrate to Me your
  absolute obedience and submissiveness to My will, as well as your profound
  respect for your Mistress. As for you, you should enjoy learning to respond
  properly to these commands since this will please your Mistress to no end.
  Failure to demonstrate good slave etiquette will be punished severely; therefore,
  there is a very practical reason for you to apply yourself to learning these
  commands. The prescribed penalty for failure to execute--quickly AND correctly--
  is listed under each command. This number represents demerits. They will be
  administered as strokes of a whip, as minutes of chastisement involving a certain
  item of restraint or chastisement, or any combination thereof. Mistress is
  strict but fair.  
   

  
    COMMAND
    EXPECTED RESPONSE
    PURPOSE/PENALTY  
  
  
    &quot;Position&quot;
    Kneel with legs spread wider than shoulder width, palms on floor, and
    forehead to floor.
    Suitable for receiving punishment or merely to demonstrate submission.
(10)
  
  
    &quot;Squat&quot;
    Squat with legs open wider than shoulder width, hands behind head, elbows
    out.
    Usually for receiving chastisement 
  (10) 
  
  
    &quot;Follow&quot;
    On all fours, follow Mistress
    (5)
  
  
    &quot;Heel&quot;
    Lie on back on floor before Mistress, underneath Mistress' left heel,
    head gently placing heel on face.
    Demonstrates trust and submission
    (5)
  
  
    &quot;Butterfly&quot;
    Lie on back on floor with legs spread as wide as possible, arms folded
    and hands tucked under back. 
    Receiving punishment.
(10)
  
  
    &quot;Feet&quot;
    Kneel and worship Mistress' shoes and feet. Kiss feet first and then
    cover complete surface of shoes with tongue licking. Next, if Mistress is
      wearing heels, suck each one deeply. However, Mistress' permission must
      be obtained first by saying: 'I humbly beg for the privilege of worshipping
    Your lovely heels. Would it please You, Lady Diane?
    Demonstrate submission and proper respect. 
(15)
  
  
    &quot;Worship&quot;
    Kneel before Mistress, kiss each foot once; then on each leg, plant soft,
    respectful kisses every six inches or so up to mid-thigh. Finally, kiss each
    of Mistress' hands and thank her. 
    Demonstrate respect and obedience. 
(20)
  

&nbsp;
She instructed me to memorize these positions and rules. The submission
  they imposed on me, and the punishments that resulted from my imperfect attempts
  to serve, formed the basis for my new life as Lady Diane's slave. Not too bad
for a true submissive! 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tim Roberts


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





