BDSM Library - Whore To An Amazon




Whore To An Amazon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He aids the beautiful Amazon Otrere and is taken by her.Whore To An Amazon  
 I was polishing some goblets when I heard the door to my shop open and I
  looked up. Striding into my store was an extraordinary sight, a lithe, strong,
  warrior woman, raven haired, dressed in buckskin, carrying a bow, the quiver
  hanging from her shoulder, and a short but lethal looking blade dangling next
  to one of her well-muscled legs.  
 We got occasional warriors stocking up in my shop in our little border town
  of Broken Wheel, but this was the first of the female variety. I greeted her
  as I would any customer, but it was easy to see she felt she had no time to
  waste, so I dispensed with attempting pleasantries and went back to my polishing
  to allow her to purposefully scan the shelves.  
 She picked out a variety of items that are useful for a life on the road
  and had just piled them up on my counter to pay when we both heard heavy footsteps
  running towards the store. Quick as a cat, the warrior woman leapt to the corner
  of the store so that when three armed men burst inside she was in the best
  position to ambush them.  
 Swiiiick. At close range her hunting arrow found its mark in one man. As
  the other two turned, her dart found a home in the neck of a second. But the
  third man was on her in an instant, barely giving her time to draw her blade.
  He seemed to be getting the better of the fight, having the advantage of the
  initiative, greater size, protective armor, and a longer sword besides. I watched
  him hack at her, she barely able to fend off his thrusts, when I was seized
  by an impulse. I threw one of the goblets I'd been polishing at the back of
  his head and it hit with a clang. This caught him completely off-guard and
  his adversary immediately took advantage by running her cold steel right through
  him.  
 I had helped her out of blind instinct; maybe because I felt protective
  of any customer in my shop. I don't know what I was expecting in return, maybe
  a couple of gold coins, maybe just a heartfelt thank you. I certainly didn't
  expect what happened next.  
 She gave me a look such as I had never seen before. Bloodlust was still
  upon her face as she had just been engaged in a fight to the death, but the
  bloodlust was mixed with plain lust as she gazed at me and seemed to take me
  all in as if I were standing naked before her. She smacked her lips and then
  leapt upon me like a wolf, hitting me full force and knocking me to the floor.
  She pulled out my member and wrapped some thin rope around the base keeping
  me engorged and then impaled herself upon me, riding me harder than I had ever
  ridden any woman.  
 I writhed beneath her, moaning, hugely excited but unable to cum because
  of my binding, as she fucked me hard, moaning herself and finally screaming
  as she came, her muscles squeezing me in her ecstasy. Unsated, I tried to continue
  to buck my hips from below, but she gave me a quick kiss and dismounted, leaving
  me to quiver on the floor.  
 "It is no longer safe for you here," she told me. "Stay in your shop and
  you will be killed immediately, if you are lucky, or face prison and torture,
  if you are not.  
I am willing to put you under my protection if you choose to come with me
  instead. Decide."  
 What she said rang true and I decided that life with a warrior on the road,
  however hard and rustic for a townsman like me, was certainly better than the
  alternative. I assented and we quickly grabbed up her chosen supplies plus
  a few other useful items and left the shop.  
 We'd gotten only a few minutes out of town and onto a woodland trail when
  she whistled. There was an answering neigh in the distance and a few minutes
  later a beautiful black stallion came running up to us and halted before her.  
 She mounted the steed and looked down at me gravely. "I am Otrere. If you
  come with me you will be mine for I have no other way."  
 I panicked at the certainty with which she spoke, but I could not think
  of an alternative. I was no woodsman that I could survive on my own. And I
  certainly couldn't survive if I went back to town.  
 "I shall come with you, Otrere," I replied.  
 Otrere nodded and bade me pass up the supplies and then helped me onto the
  horse behind her. The black stallion was young and strong and easily bore the
  both of us. As it galloped ahead I held onto Otrere's side for dear life. We
  rode for many hours, not stopping to eat, until finally we made camp after
  dusk in the heart of the wilderness much farther already from home than I had
  ever been.  
 My haunches and thighs were unbelievably sore from the long ride, but I
  managed to descend from the horse and unsteadily help Otrere build a fire.  
 Otrere dropped some venison steaks, carrots, and potatoes in front of me. "You
  cook," she grunted, and I set about making the meal, knowing better than to
  question the order. The venison came out quite well and we both enjoyed the
  meal, but as we finished I felt her gaze upon me again, and again it was lustful.
  I blushed, being used to being the gazer, not the object, the lustful, not
  the lusted after.  
 "Otrere," I attempted, "can we be partners out here on the road? You would
  be senior partner, of course, due to your martial skills and your wilderness
  experience, but still, true comrades none-the-less."  
 Otrere, speechless, looked at me with stunned amusement. Then she roared
  with laughter.  
 "When I need a 'comrade' do you think I choose one such as you &ndash; a
  pasty-faced, paunchy, helpless townsman?!  
No. When I choose such as you, I am choosing a pet, a toy, a slave, a serving
  girl, a wench, a slut, a harlot, a whore, a cunt." As Otrere said these last
  words she paused longer and longer between them, as if branding me with each
  name, and looked deep into my eyes to gauge my soul.  
 Hearing my presumed fate pronounced in such a cold way, I whimpered and
  shivered. Rather than raising pity in her breast, my whimper merely caused
  Otrere's eyes to gleam and her mouth to form a predatory grin. But before she
  could ravish me again we both heard a horse riding towards us at a gallop.
  My heart jumped with fear, but when I looked at Otrere she was perfectly calm,
  happy in fact, and only raised her alertness level a trifle. The hoof beats
  became louder and then a rider burst into our little campsite.  
 The rider, tall and lithe like Otrere, but blonde, sprang lightly from her
  white stallion. The two women embraced and kissed, happy to be reunited.  
 "Who is he?" the newcomer asked Otrere.  
 "She is named &hellip;", and then Otrere paused, considering.  
"Whore," she concluded.  
 "Ah, and a lovely whore she is," replied the blonde, merrily. She came right
  up to me until I could smell the sweat from her long ride and she patted my
  behind. "But why is she dressed? Shouldn't our whore be more accessible, especially
  when a fucking might be desired, like after a meal, or a long ride." She grinned
  at me, wolfishly.  
 My knees suddenly felt very weak. I looked instinctively at Otrere. But
  she just nodded and said, "Do what Omphale wants."  
 Humiliated, I slowly removed my clothing, feeling their eyes upon me as
  each new area of flesh came uncovered.  
 "Not as sensuous an act as a dancing girl in Cremona," joked Omphale, "but
  she'll do."  
 With that Omphale grabbed what looked like a wooden phallus in a harness &ndash; I
  had never heard such things existed -- and strapped it to her pelvis. She advanced
  on me and pushed down on my shoulders bringing me to my knees, the wooden phallus
  poised in front of my lips. It was obvious what she wanted of me and, I am
  ashamed to say, I was too scared to refuse her. I took her phallus in my mouth
  and began to bob my head back and forth on it. After a minute Omphale became
  bored with this and began to thrust her hips back and forth, fucking my mouth,
  and causing me to choke when she rammed it in.  
 Mercifully, she didn't fuck my mouth for long with the phallus. She soon
  pushed me face down on the ground and thrust the wetted phallus into my ass.
  She guided me with her hands, raising my hips to the angle she wanted and then
  thrust forward and back, still holding my hips for leverage.  
I screamed and cried at first, like any maiden, but after a while she seemed
  to carve a path into me and the penetration became bearable. My legs were splayed
  far apart. My ass was obscenely raised. My face was pushed into the ground.
  And my open panting mouth tasted dirt as I groaned and drooled.  
 As Omphale pounded me she removed her hands from my hips. One moved up my
  side, stroked my face, and then wound up in my hair, which she tugged on with
  abandon, pulling some out. The other moved below me and settled on my testicles
  which she squeezed. As she kneaded my balls I instinctively tried to scramble
  away, but she rode me easily, her muscles dominating my own.  
 As the sensations -- my hair! my ass! my balls! &ndash; grew more intense,
  Omphale gave a yelp and bent down to bite the back of my neck. As my blood
  flowed out of the back of my neck, her thrusts increased in speed and force.
  I felt her shudder above me as her muscles tensed and released. And then I
  felt warm moistness dampen my rear and upper legs.  
 "Ahhh!! That was good!" exclaimed Omphale, getting to her feet. She stood
  before me. "Now kiss my feet, whore, to show your appreciation."  
 Though spent and aching and dizzy and reeling, I crept forward and kissed
  the feet of the beautiful Omphale. Truly both women seemed completely worthy
  of worship; nothing less would be sufficiently appreciative of their magnificence.  
 "Now my sweet Otrere, let us catch up with each other.  
What adventures this past fortnight since we've been apart?" asked Omphale,
  walking away from my pursed lips.  
 "I will tell you now, and there is much to tell. But first, I want a flask
  of wine in my hand."  
 She turned to me: "Whore! The wine. You'll find flasks for both of us in
  my saddle bag. Fetch them quick or it will be a whipping for you."  
 I raced to the saddle bag and retrieved the flasks. Naked, I knelt to deliver
  them. I had found my place.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cambridge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





