BDSM Library - Herrin




Herrin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Long term enslavement...real hardcore femdom.A VICIOUS ONE  
The story is completely fictional, all acts and
      characters are result of writers imagination. If you are under aged, close
      this document immediately!   
In advance, please forgive if my English is not good enough.  
HERRIN       
PRESENT DAY  
Just laying there on the table and awaiting his faith to bring him more misery,
  he felt coolness probing his skin and going straight to his flesh and bones.
  Cold, that was the only thing he felt then. Numb has he become long time ago;
  num and resistless to anything and everything.  
She left him like that on purpose so he could recollect any memory he had
  left in his mind. She knew that after that day, even the faintest memory of
  his previous existence, of him being a man, would vanish.  
And then, she would be able to do it without concerning her mind that she
  did it to a sane and conscious creature.  
And she was really good at it; at erasing his whole existence prior to the
  day they met, crushing his personality into nothing, making sure that his soul
  cease to exist and only the flesh and bone of his essence is kept alive. Although
  his mind worked in a very slow and thorough way, like he was having a walk
  in the park on a calm and sunny day, he couldn't recollect much; it was almost
  all gone.  
15 YEARS AGO  
He remembered how they met a little over 15 years ago; he remembered
      how they became lovers, a couple. He remembered her introducing him to
      the world of her desires and slowly taking control of both their lives.
      She was never shy and hesitative; she wanted to dominate him, their lives
      and she succeeded in it. It all began with simple and usual things, but
      then, it evolved. He thought she had feelings for him, just as he had very
      strong feeling for her. Those feelings made him do and give into things
      that she desired, let her control him, even humiliate him sometimes as
      he saw how good she felt later on. He wanted to please her, no matter what.   
She, on the other hand, was somewhat confused; she wasn't sure
      if she felt any affection towards him as sometimes, she'd stop herself
      from doing certain things that she dreamt of.   
She decided to continue with her little dominative games, just
      to see when and if he'd say 'enough&hellip;I won't do it anymore'. But,
      he wanted to endure all just to make her happy and that was his biggest
      mistake. He let her with her ways for too long and just enhanced her needs
      that way; she was loosing control slowly and, that day, when he actually
      said 'enough', she knew she'd have her way with him, all the way so, too.   
She let him off the hook for a few days, she even apologized. She
      needed a little time to prepare and to set him up; to set him up for life.
      All the things that crossed her mind were difficult to comprehend, even
      for her.   
One night, just when he thought everything was back in place, she
      drugged him. As he fell unconscious, she took him to her specially arranged
      basement, and threw him into a cage she had built for him. Once he woke
      up, he couldn't believe his eyes; he was put in a cage in the middle of
      dungeon-like, very well equipped, torture room. At that moment, he knew
      that he didn't know anything about the woman upstairs except that she was
      a complete, German origin, stranger. Off course, at first, he couldn't
      believe what was going on and, he refused to believe it for some time.
      His first true concern came from the fact that, in spite of all his calls
      for her, she showed up only 3 days later. He was mad and hungry like hell;
      he couldn't remember all that he told her that moment but he clearly remembered
      how she threw one slice of bread on the cage floor and said, "Learn to
      behave!" before she turned on her heel and left. Also, clearly he remembered
      coldness of the moment and expression on her face as she was leaving. He
      called her few times and then ceased; and that was the first step in breaking
      him down. He was assured that she couldn't have her way with it; he was
      sure that someone, sooner or later, would report him missing to authorities
      or look him up. None of it happened.   
She would come down every day with a slice of bread and glass of
      water, exactly at noon. She never said a word to all his pleas and questions,
      instead, she'd just leave. Just by seeing how she arranged the place, with
      bed, toilet and a shower and all other relevant accessories, freaked him
      out.   
On 15  th   day,
      she came down in the morning; without a word, she pulled one chair from
      the corner and sat down. His questions and pleas flew angrily through the
      air but she just sat there and watched him, silently. After, what seemed
      hours, she said, "Today is 15  th   day
      that I put you in that cage", and she stopped for a while, cleared her
      throat and continued, "Each day represents a year; that's how long I intend
      to keep you in here, 15 years!" Her truly firm and confident voice was
      something he had heard for the first time; he didn't know if she was serious
      but, tone of her voice and the fact that he, with all his best efforts,
      was unable to exit that cage, made him tremble. 'She's insane' he thought,
      'how did I get myself into all this?' The feelings he had for her began
      to fade rapidly from that moment on. Variety of thoughts flew in his mind
      and he heard her continue, "There is probably millions of men that would
      gladly accept imprisonment by someone like me; however, that is not what
      I want. What I want is someone like you, who is reluctant to the mere thought
      of being in this situation for a week, let alone 15 years&hellip;what I
      want is to turn you into a senseless, emotionless creature that will accept
      anything and everything I have to impose, without giving it a second and
      clear thought. Of course, this will take time and patience, and those are
      two things I have plenty of; you, on the other hand, have no choice", and
      as she finished the sentence, she stood up to leave. Before he managed
      to come out of shock and say anything, she added while climbing the stairs, "How
      difficult all this shall be, it's up to you" and she swiftly left.   
That was the day his Golgotha began. As the days went by, his hopes of her
  letting him go began to fade; she continued her daily routine, but increased
  the amount of his meals. First time he complained she said, "I don't want you
  to speak unless told so or asked a question; if you disobey, I'll make you
  even hungrier then you are now", he must had lost 30 pounds in first few weeks, "but,
  more you become obedient, more food you'll get&hellip;is that clear?" she asked
  him. He wasn't responding so she said, "You should answer when asked a question." Shyly,
  he said yes; she came closer to the cage, looked him in the eyes and said, "You
  will start to forget my name; from now on, you'll address me as Herrin only,
  is that clear?" again, his answer was faint when he confirmed. Her victim was
  breaking and she knew it; she wanted to do so many things but she knew that
  time is the main factor of achieving her goals so she decided to be extremely
  patient.  
He had to be worn down in order to have her ways with him, easily. She knew
  that, first couple of times, when she lets him out of the cage, he'd resist,
  maybe even try to overcome her, so she had to make him weak in his body as
  well as in his mind. To him, her behavior was strange; she had him in a cage,
  down in her basement, like an animal and still, her appearance, tone of her
  voice remained always calm. She acted like she'd done this a thousand times
  before, never showing any sign of excitement or any other emotion in an elevated
  state. She stood firm and seemed tranquil in, whatever her intentions, were.
  His living necessities were replenished on regular basis by her; the routine
  was neatly pre-calculated for each day. And every day, she'd introduce something
  new to him; in the beginning and for the quite a long time, her priorities
  were playing mind games with him. At first, she made it clear to him how she
  never really loved him or had any other similar feelings for him; by that,
  she wanted him to know that, in time that was about to come, there would be
  nothing that would stop her from doing what she intended to do and accomplish.
  Each day, she'd give him a little from her mind, just to keep him thinking
  about it for the rest of the day. That way, she was focusing his mind to the
  present and to the future and kept his thoughts off of the past.  
"I am not some crazy, feministic dominatrix bitch or whatever they call it;
  I do not hate male kin in general but, what I am about to do with you, I could
  never do with another woman. I picked you because you were a convenient subject
  at the time; you are weak and you were ready to do anything for me, that's
  why I didn't need to look any further", she'd fed his mind with statements
  like that for long time. "This is going to be a two-way experiment, a very
  long one, too; I will take you to all your limits just to find out where they
  are and also, find out how exactly, my own dark side and my fantasies look
  like when brought to light. This will be no ordinary Dom/sub relationship;
  in those, subs get some kind of satisfaction, too, whether sexual or other.
  The only one to get any kind of satisfaction shall be me, you will be allowed
  to ease yourself on your own twice a month but I sincerely doubt you'll feel
  like it."  
After two months of such, daily routine mind plays, she began to be more
  specific about her intentions; she clearly let him know that pain on daily
  basis will be one of the main factors in this experiment. "As you can see,
  I got this basement well equipped and I intend to use every piece of these
  various accessories, many times." He felt he was loosing his mind already,
  just by listening to her horrific intentions, "after some time, I do not intend
  to use toilet bowls in this house, ever; for that purpose, I intend to use
  you, full service, every day. You do not need to like it but you will be good
  at it and I'll do my best not to poison you to death with my excrement." After
  weeks of such verbal torment and abuse, he knew that she had no intentions
  of letting him go, ever. For so long, she just fed him with information but
  did nothing; he began to think that she'd never do anything for real, instead
  just keep talking about it, but he was wrong. Soon enough, his worst nightmares
  came to life.  
12 YEARS AGO  
She was much proud of what she accomplished in last 3 years; every time she'd
  walk in that basement, she'd remembered how, for the first few times she let
  him out of the cage; he tried to resist her, even overcome her once. But, as
  he was too weak and slightly drugged those several times, she had no problem
  in overpowering him and making him do and take whatever she wanted. But now,
  it was completely different; it has been almost two years that such attempts
  of his ceased. He was obeying her every command without slightest defiance
  left in him; she knew he was already broken, his soul extinguished but, she
  wanted more. She knew there was always something more left to kill in him,
  even then when he already seemed dead inside.  
Although, there was almost nothing left that he haven't already experienced,
  every time, when he'd hear her heels clicking on the basement stairs, fear,
  the only emotion left in him, would evoke and make him tremble with high magnitude.
  He wasn't afraid of anything new she might come up with; he was terrified of
  all the things she just might repeat.  
"Have you being masturbating? Did you relieve yourself last night?" she asked
  although she already knew his answer, "No Herrin" he replied. She watched him
  for a while and said, "Come out of the cage, creature." Once he was out, he
  was ordered to undress and lay in the square drawn on the floor with red paint.
  As his body began to reveal under the clothes, it seemed that there wasn't
  an inch left of his skin without old or fresh scar, bruise or any other damage
  marks. To an ordinary eye, the sight was horrible; to her, it was a masterpiece
  in art of sadism and of keeping one alive when, by all the rules of nature,
  he'd be dead. He laid on the floor in that square which was bigger then he,
  but, once his legs and arms were stretched towards the corners, just big enough.
  Each corner had an iron shackle secured to the floor so he could be immobilized
  in such stretched way and left to her mercy. He was in that position many times
  so he couldn't have any idea of what her intentions were; soon enough, he'd
  always find out.  
She circled around him for a while then went for the closet on the other
  end of basement; he began to guess what kind of treatment she had in mind as
  he knew what was in that particular closet. She opened it and watched many
  pairs of different kinds of footwear, for a while; there was boots, sandals,
  pumps, all with heels, sharp or chunky ones, some regular, some extremely high
  or nail-sharp. Just a few pairs of shoes or boots had "normal" appearance,
  such that a woman could wear out in public without everyone starring weirdly
  at her legs. The rest of the footwear was pretty unusual looking and for "in-house" use,
  only. She took out 6 pairs of different footwear, brought them close to where
  he was laying, and placed them on the floor beside him. For most of the things
  she did to him, she'd always make him choose what she'd do to him; it was a
  powerful mind-messing thing as he had to choose his own pain, every time. The
  game was not new so she just asked, "Balls or other?" her voice was low and
  firm. The choice given was not really a choice; she knew well how to make him
  regret his choices every time so he didn't really gave it a thought, instead,
  he simply replied, "other".  
She sat on the chair, took off the shoes that she came in with and put on
  pair of knee-high PVC boots. Boot soles were hard and 2" thick, heels were
  high and chunky, almost square shaped. He watched her slowly zip those boots
  and, as she rose from the chair, rock her legs to see how the boots fit. Usually,
  boots like these wouldn't make too much damage as there was no sharp place
  on them. However, they had a different effect on someone who weighted only
  140 pounds, whose bones were clearly visible and whose skin seemed all tensed,
  once stretched in such position on the floor. Aside of the fact that she knew
  how to use them in much more devious way then someone else would.  
She grabbed the metal bar that was attached to the ceiling so she could balance
  herself better, placed one boot on his temple and pushed his head to the floor,
  sideways. Then she lifted her other leg and stood on his head with her full
  weight. Patience was one of her best virtues; she'd spend hours standing on
  his head like that until, sometimes, he'd faint. Her 150 pounds pressing his
  head like that for an hour or two was an agony. She'd never let him see touch
  herself if she'd become aroused and this was one of the things where she could
  do it without being concerned that he'd notice. To her, it was important that
  he remained ignorant of the fact that, most of the things she did to him, had
  a strong sexual stimulus on her and that she could reach orgasms several times
  during those session, if she only wouldn't holding herself back from it. At
  the end, she'd always have at least one, someway on his account, of course;
  that way, she'd let him know that, in spite of all, it wasn't only about getting
  her sadistic needs, fulfilled.  
"Make sure you take the pills" she said and, swiftly, left the basement.  
9 YEARS AGO  
6 YEARS AGO  
After so many years, she never thought she'd do something like that with
  him again. But, that day, she just felt like it and she needed to get some.
  She wanted a cock. Although his penis wasn't even close to what she'd call
  a really good dick, it was the closest next thing available. She woke up with
  a strong urge to fuck someone and that was the first time in years that she
  felt impatient and restless. She rushed down to the basement even earlier then
  usual; he didn't even notice her as he was cleaning himself in the shower.
  She felt content to know that he just cleaned himself up; she sat on the chair
  and waited for him to get out. Once he was out, he was surprised to see her
  sitting there so early and without a sound; usually, she'd always call him
  if he wasn't instantly available for her. "Good morning Herrin" he said silently;
  all this seemed new to him and he was scared of it. Every time something new
  would happen, it was never good. On the contrary, her new inventions were always
  more agonizing then the previous ones.  
"Take all of your clothes off and lay on your back on that bench" she pointed
  at a wooden bench which top was covered with small pieces of plastic stuck
  into some kind of glue. The surface was very rugged and she used to make him
  kneel on that bench for hours until his knees would start to bleed. As there
  was nothing to help him balance, usually after couple of hours, he'd felt on
  the floor just to meet her boots with his torso or her whip across his back.  
He obeyed as usually and she stood up from the chair and walked over; she
  took one rope from the wall and tied up his hands and legs to the bench stages.
  Then she brought a ball-gag and showed it in his mouth; she went over to the
  closet and took out a long and thick leather whip. She brought it over and
  saw horror in his eyes, "It is not what you think it is" and she dropped the
  whip on the floor "this is just in case you fail me" she continued. She pulled
  down the zipper on her skirt and it fell on the floor. As usual, she wasn't
  wearing any underwear and her pussy shone in its whole glory right beside his
  head. She straddled his head and said, "Believe it or not, this is your very
  lucky day; today, you get to be fucked." She sat down right on his face and
  began to grind her cunt all over his face; she couldn't get any tongue action
  from him as that gag prevented it but, it was not important. She was horny
  like hell, anyway.  
If someone would watch that action from a side, it would be a pretty strange
  sight; by then, she was almost double his size. She was built excellently,
  her figure was in great shape but she was also very tall and strong. He, on
  the other hand was all bones; by then he weighted only 120 pounds and she had
  at least 160, aside the fact that he was constantly weakened by her, on purpose.
  It looked like she could easily break him in half and now, while she sat on
  his head, it was like one third of him disappeared beneath her, completely.
  As she increased the riding pace, she said, "I will fuck you now and it is
  all about me and not about you" her juices began to soak his face. "If by any
  chance you fail me, which means, if you cannot get it big and hard enough for
  me to have couple of orgasms or, if by any chance you come before me, I'll
  do my best to remove that useless piece of meat you have there and I'll do
  it with this whip&hellip;I'll whip it off of you!" She turned around to see
  if he had it up already and he did so; she stood up and moved down to his groin.
  She took his dick in her hand, stroked it couple of times and placed its tip
  at her pussy. Slowly, she slid on it and it disappeared in her, completely.
  She knew he'd be able to have a hard-on but she wasn't sure if he'd manage
  not to come. That same thought freaked him out; it was so long that he fucked
  or was fucked and now, he simply forgot how to control himself. She began to
  ride him, slowly at first; not that she cared if she would have to whip him
  or not, but, she wanted those orgasms. So, she decided to help him not to come;
  after a couple of minutes of her fucking him, she noticed that he just might
  come and, without a word, she slapped him across his face, hard. It surprised
  him so he lost it; her moving up and down and in circles, increasing the pace
  and pounding hard on him with her bottom, began to make him feel those little
  pieces of plastic attached to the bench surface. It was slowly removing layers
  of his back skin like a sanding paper. She slapped him a couple times more
  in regular intervals and, as she began to feel her first orgasm coming, those
  slaps become very frequent and much stronger. She placed her left hand on his
  chest to keep her balance, leaned a little forward and, while still riding
  him hard, slapped his face ten times, furiously. As she rocked her body in
  an intense orgasm, her nails dug right into his chest skin and made couple
  of nasty bruises.  
She needed a couple of moment to gather her senses and come out of daze caused
  by a very strong orgasm; she looked down at her fuck toy and saw how his chest
  and his mouth were bleeding. Gently, she collected a little blood from his
  face with her forefinger and licked it; she smiled at him and then spat it
  all back in his face, together with her saliva.  
"Tastes like shit!" she said and climbed off of him; he still had an erection
  and she seemed content about it. She pulled that chair closer, sat on it and
  lit a cigarette. After a while, she talked, "This was good, very good; I am
  happy but not happy enough." After a few thoughts, she continued, "This is
  what we'll do; I am going to fuck you again and again until I am completely
  happy. And then, I am going to whip you anyway because I want to and I like
  whipping you; in the mean time, between fucks, I'll need to pee and you know
  how that works, don't you?" She stopped and waited for his answer, "Yes Herrin" he
  replied with low voice. "Good! And then, I'll make sure you have your blue-balls
  until the rest of the day, later I'll let you relieve yourself, if you'll still
  feel like it." Just as they both thought it was all about her scheme, she said, "Oh,
  one more thing&hellip;I just might need to take a dump later today and we know
  how that works, too, don't we?" Again she waited, "Yes Herrin" and he replied
  one more time. "Tell me what you will do for me; you know how much I like hearing
  it&hellip;come on!" More or less, it was the only thing she allowed him to
  say and, of course, he hated it like hell, "Yes Herrin, I shall service you
  as your toilet." "That's so nice but, that's not how I wanted to hear it&hellip;you
  can do better, can't you?" She waited a little as she knew it was pretty difficult
  for him to say these words, "Yes Herrin, I will eat all of your shit and drink
  all of your urine&hellip;and I'll be glad to oblige, Herrin." She barely managed
  to hold her laughs; instead, she stood up, threw the stub on the floor and
  said, "Good! Now, lets continue&hellip;this is going to be a huge fun for me,
  creature."  
3 YEARS AGO  
"Come on creature! Run!" she was now yelling at him as he was trying to crawl
  to some kind of shelter; her whip flew thru the air and landed on his back.
  He lost his balance, both from his knees and his hands, and fell on the floor.
  Her whip flew again and caught the back of his neck. He crept around the floor
  trying to get away but he just couldn't do it swiftly enough. "Sometimes I
  think you like all of this&hellip;do you like it, creep&hellip;ha?" she was
  still yelling at him. Barely, he managed to say, "No Herrin&hellip;no." "No!
  Then run, bitch&hellip;why don't you run, ha?" He used all what was left in
  him and tried to lift himself up, back on his all fours. Just as he thought
  that, perhaps, she'd let him move away, her big, leather boot came from nowhere
  and collided forcefully with his side. He tumbled in the air and fell on his
  back; he was so worn and weak, his body all light a woundable and each of such
  blows could have damaged him permanently.  
"Look at yourself, look at your pathetic little ass; and you were calling
  yourself a man, once!"She yelled again. From couple of yards away, where she
  was standing, she nipped in, jumped a little and landed on his chest with both
  of her legs and her full weight. This time she really felt it; she felt as
  she was completely capable of finishing him off, that time. She could have
  done it so easily in many ways; at that moment, while she stood on him like
  that, she wasn't clear of whether she was going all the way or not.  
So many times she imagined finishing him off in different ways. It made her
  tremble with excitement but, she had second thoughts. Not that she cared and
  not that she was afraid someone would find out; she was only afraid that, once
  she does it, she wouldn't be able to stop herself. Life would become so dull
  and she'd have to find another victim.  
But then it hit her; 'why not just play the fantasy out and see what happens.'
  Quickly, she stepped down off of his, already unconscious, body and went to
  prepare her favorite thing, the gallows.  
It was quite easy as she had all the accessories ready at hand; a bar at
  the ceiling, a stool and a rope, already with the noose on one end and another
  rope she intended to pull the stool away, with. She threw the rope over the
  bar and placed the stool beneath it. The other end she planned to secure to
  a shackle on the floor but not before the length was adjusted. For that, she
  needed him. She looked at him as he still, unconsciously, lay on the floor.
  She came to him and squatted down between him and the gallows as she didn't
  want that to be the first sight once he opens his eyes. It took her a while
  to gently bring him out of his unconsciousness.  
As he opened his eyes, her red shiny hair blinded him; she had a different
  expression on her face, a new sight for him.  
"I have something to offer to you" she said softly and continued, "How would
  you like if all this would stop, ha? Would you like that?" He couldn't believe
  his ears; it had to be some kind of trick, he thought, so he didn't reply at
  first. "Well? I am offering you and exit from all this; end of all your suffering
  for all times, beginning now. The only thing you have to do is say 'yes' and
  convince me how badly you want it all to stop." Her face drew a slight smile
  as she waited for any kind of answer. After a minute or so he tried to talk, "Please&hellip;Herrin,
  I&hellip;" but he just couldn't finish it so she encouraged him, "Go on, don't
  be afraid; tell me whatever you want and I promise, no punishment will follow,
  no matter what you say. Be free to speak." It did help so he said, "Yes, yes&hellip;please,
  let me go, I want it all to stop&hellip;please&hellip;thank you&hellip;Herrin." Her
  face got and evil smiley on it as she said, "Very good, then; I am going to
  finish all of your suffering but, I'll do it my way." She saw how confused
  he was while she rose and stood up in front of him assuming that same superior,
  cold appearance. She leaned forward, grabbed him by his hair and began to pull
  him towards the gallows. By a glance, he saw what she had prepared for him;
  instantly he freaked out and tried to wrestle away but he was too weak for
  her. Once she tugged him to a yard away from the gallows, she let him fall
  on the floor and said, "I want to see you climb on that stool by yourself!" "No,
  please&hellip;no, Herrin&hellip;don't kill me&hellip;" he pleaded for mercy.
  She looked down at him and said, "Well, you said you wanted a way out and this
  is it; I am not going to hang you if that is what you wish, but remember, if
  you don't take this exit now, it will be minimum 3 more years for you and I
  promise, it will be like nothing you have ever seen, before." His head fell
  down once he realized that he was in an unbearable situation; he didn't want
  to die but, more he thought about it, more it seemed easier then spending another
  3 years in her basement. Let alone that there was no guarantee that she wouldn't
  kill him then or during those 3 years. Suddenly, something flicked in his head
  and he began to crawl rapidly towards the stool. Although, she was pretty surprised
  she managed to keep her cool appearance and she just said, "Good choice! Maybe,
  there is some of that 'man' left in you, after all." She watched him climb
  slowly on that stool and straighten up on his feet; once he stood on it, she
  said, "Put the noose around your neck." He obeyed instantly, took the noose
  and put it over his head and around his neck. She came behind him to put a
  pair of handcuffs on his wrist; once she took his hands behind him, she felt
  his hands were ice cold and he was all trembling. "I must admit I appreciate
  your choice" she began and, while adjusting the noose behind him, she continued, "You
  showed bravery for doing this and also&hellip;" she went in front of him to
  see tears slowly dripping down his cheeks, "I appreciate it because I really
  want to see you die for me." She stopped, looked directly in his eyes and said, "It
  makes me go nuts with lust and excitement."  
She then went to the other end of the rope, put it through the ring shackle
  on the floor and pulled it until it got tight enough. She had to make sure
  his neck wouldn't snap once he was hanged. She adjusted it a little more, and
  then made it fast with a good knot. It was all ready; the only thing left was
  to kick the stool beneath him.  
She came back in front of him and looked up; surprisingly, he appeared much
  calmer then she expected. "Well, this is it; if there is anything more you
  want to say, now is the time." She squatted down, took the other rope she brought
  before and wrapped it around the stool; she walked back, pulled the chair and
  sat on it, still holding that rope in her hands. With her other hand, she unbuttoned
  her shirt and exposed her firm breasts at him; then, she lifted her bottom
  up a little just to pull her skirt up and expose her shiny pussy. "I intend
  to enjoy all this to the most, if you don't mind" she said, began to massage
  her breast and continued, "Well, after all these years, isn't there anything
  you'd like to say? Feel free to speak your mind as this is your last chance
  to say anything." His mind was a mess and he had no clear thoughts; his mind
  was already set for this and he just wanted it all to end so he said, "No&hellip;just
  pull that rope", his voice was somewhat stronger this time. Her hand was already
  at her cunt and, just by focusing her sight at him she felt her orgasm erupting
  inside her. She was so close to her best ecstasy ever so she pulled the rope
  with force; as the stool flew away below him, he remained hanging in the air
  by his neck. A restrained hiss filled the air as the noose tightened around
  his neck and his face got distorted. That was it, he was about to die and she
  was about to have her greatest orgasm, ever. Soon, she accomplished hers; as
  she reached her top her body went spasmodic and she let out a loud scream.
  He, on the other hand was suffocating slowly on that rope; his whole life passed
  by his eyes in few seconds and, all that he remembered were past 12 years and
  all kinds of devious things he was submitted to.  
His heart beat got slower and soon, he began to loose sight and his consciousness.
  He wasn't scared anymore; he felt relieved.  
In time, she got out of the haze caused by an intense orgasm; she saw how
  his body was hanging loose from the rope and she thought it was all over; she
  thought he was dead. She stood up, walked over to the gallows and reached up
  to check his pulse. To her big surprise, he was still alive; swiftly, she went
  to the rope end and untied the knot. He fell down across the stool and on the
  floor with a slight bounce. She was more then satisfied; she did what she always
  wanted to do, hang him, and still had him alive for her future desires. She
  tugged him to the cage and placed him on the bed. Silently, she said, "Sweet
  dreams&hellip;tomorrow, you'll hang again."  
PRESENT DAY  
Just laying there on the table and awaiting his faith to bring him more misery,
  he felt coolness probing his skin and going straight to his flesh and bones.
  Cold, that was the only thing he felt then. Numb has he become long time ago;
  num and resistless to anything and everything.  
She left him like that on purpose so he could recollect any memory he had
  left in his mind. She knew that after that day, even the faintest memory of
  his previous existence, of him being a man, would vanish.  
And then, she would be able to do it without concerning her mind that she
  did it to a sane and conscious creature.  
And she was really good at it; at erasing his whole existence prior to the
  day they met, crushing his personality into nothing, making sure that his soul
  ceased to exist and only the flesh and bone of his essence is kept alive. Although
  his mind worked in a very slow and thorough way, like he was having a walk
  in the park on a calm and sunny day, he couldn't recollect much; it was almost
  all gone.  
The slow and long process of bringing down his metabolism as well as his
  state of mind, poisoning him with her excrements for so long, did their deed.
  Pale color of his scared skin, his slim and weak figure gave and ill appearance.
  Finally yesterday, he didn't pass 'the test'; like it was all so neatly pre-calculated
  as it was only five days until his imprisonment by her would reach full 15
  years. He had lost the count long ago but she reminded him of it, just yesterday.
  And yesterday, even the nice and sweet smell and taste of her pussy, even her
  helping him to achieve an erection with her hands, didn't help; he wasn't able
  to get it up. She was making some preparations just beside him but his mind
  was somewhere else; he wished that she'd let him die that first time she hanged
  him, 3 years ago. He couldn't even remember how many times after that, she
  brought him so close to the end in many different ways but would always, at
  the last moment, spare his life just so she could play with it again and again.
  He wanted to go but she wouldn't let him go; instead, he spent another 3 years
  living someone's worst nightmares.  
She was getting ready to make her promise come thru; she was preparing to
  castrate him. Many times she though of the way how to do it; she considered
  some type of small guillotine and some other methods but, finally, she realized
  that the only way that would make her content is to simply cut his testicles
  off and her hand had to be the main tool.  
His legs were spread apart on that table and firmly secured to the stage
  below, as well as his hands; a ball gag was secured in his mouth and a couple
  of leather belts held his torso and his hips, firmly to the table. The only
  thing he was able to move was his head; she left it loose on purpose as she
  knew he wouldn't be able to resist his curiosity and take a look. On a small
  table beside, she had plenty of medical accessories as she didn't want to make
  a mess or have him bleed to death. She still wanted him alive, at least for
  the next five days; still, she wasn't quite sure what she'll do after once
  his imprisonment reaches full fifteen years.  
She came closer and stood in between his legs; she placed a noose of a very
  thin rope around his testicles and made it tight. Then, she put the other end
  of the rope thru a small ring screwed in the table edge, just two feet away
  from the noose. Slowly, she pulled the rope to make it tight and to stretch
  his ball sack and then, tied the other end of the rope to the ring. "I hear
  there is nothing to it, no pain at all; it looks like this one will be fun
  only for me" she said and continued to prepare him for the emasculation. Around
  the upper part of his ball sack, she tightened a slim rubber strap to stop
  the blood coming any further then that. She placed some kind of metal pot under
  his balls to collect whatever there was to collect.  
Then, she moved away to the small table, took one knife with a 5 inch thin
  blade and a sharpening tool.  
Then, she walked up to where his head was and began to sharpen the knife
  like a butcher while preparing to slice a thicker piece of meat. "Well, I am
  sorry you weren't able to pass the test but now I have to do this; rules are
  rules, don't you think so? Anyway, you don't need them anymore since you can
  no longer perform sexually, so it is not that big a deal", she stopped sharpening
  her knife, leaned a little closer and almost whispered, "I'll make it nice
  and clean cut, don't worry." He was like in some kind of trance so he never
  noticed how excited she really was; it was strange how, in the beginning, 15
  years ago, she looked at all this like at an experiment in which, she'd explore
  and live out her darkest fantasies and see where a man's limits where. But
  later it evolved; the amount of sexual excitement would build up enormously
  with every single performance she'd invent, new. She felt that, just standing
  there with a knife in her hands, seeing him like that and thinking of what
  was about to happen, could bring her to an orgasm. It was strange but very
  wonderful, too&hellip;for her, off course.  
The upper part of his ball sack began to get some kind of heavy purple color;
  with that, she knew she stopped the blood going in lower parts, so it was all
  ready. One thing wasn't in place; she wanted to see him freak out but instead,
  he laid there with his mind drifting who knows where. She walked slowly to
  the bottom of the table and stood by its end; the knife in her hand shone with
  sharpness as she lifted it up in the air hoping that he would start noticing
  what was about to happen. She grabbed his ball sack with her left hand and
  squeezed it; the discomfort he felt made him let go of his thoughts. She placed
  the knife below the stretched ball sack and in between two grips; slowly, she
  touched his flesh with the knife and moved it from left to right. It made a
  very neat and thin cut on his skin and he felt it good. Sharp kind of pain
  flew thru his head and he lifted it up and looked down, with his eyes wide
  open. He saw her wicked smile as she looked at him with a crafty glance and
  said, "Your balls are no longer yours; now, they are mine." With that, she
  began to slowly cut thru his flesh with her knife; she could have done it in
  an instant but instead, she took her time. As the skin and the flesh was parting,
  her hand slowed down the pace and the knife just saw thru his ball sack slowly.
  She felt the warmth on her hands coming from the blood and his inner temperature
  spreading around them. Although, there was considerable amount of pain involved,
  a different feeling took over him. He felt like his soul, his essence was removed
  from him. He managed to lift his head up and he looked straight at her. He
  noticed that she was somewhere else at the moment; even if he tried to make
  some kind of gesture with his head, she wouldn't have noticed it. She was sawing
  thru his flesh slowly, enjoying each second of it. For her, this was more then
  fascinating. At that moment, she knew that she would eventually execute him
  in order to reach and fulfill all of her fantasies. But there was one more
  last play to do.  
When she was done, she stretched her hand out victoriously, while holding
  his testicles at her palm and showed them to him, "Have you ever imagine that
  something like this could possibly happen to you? Don't think so&hellip;"  
5 DAYS LATER  
For the last five days, she brought down the intensity of her daily routine
  acts with him; she let him off the hook for the five-day period. His meals
  got much better, even some new clothes she provided for him. Thru all the numbness
  he felt or didn't feel, he sensed that she was preparing some kind of final
  act. He didn't care much as he convinced himself, long ago, that even after
  15 years confinement, she wouldn't let him go just like that. He knew that
  ending his life would be much easier as an escape for him then spending another
  single day in her basement; he even hoped she'd finally do it for real so his
  misery would finally end.  
On the last day of his 15 year long confinement, she came down in the morning,
  carrying some new clothes and some other stuff in a small hand bag. "I must
  congratulate you for managing these 15 years, one way or another; the experiment
  is done." With that, she handed him those clothes, told him to dress up and
  that she'll be back very soon. He was a little confused; 'what did she want
  with the clothes and all?' he asked him self but, the thought, as any other,
  vanished soon and he just obeyed, like always. Although, those clothes were
  just hanging on his worn figure, he did look at least a little more human.
  He sat and waited for his fate to come.  
After and hour or so, she came back carrying a little bigger hand bag then
  before; she unlocked the cage lock for who knows which time and said, "Come
  out now." Again, he obeyed instantly, came out and followed her as she instructed
  him to do so. It took him couple of moments to realize that she was taking
  him up the stairs to the basement door; he hesitated so he stopped at the second
  step. She noticed it, turned around and said, "You don't want to start disobeying
  me now? Come up the stairs." Whatever he felt was extraordinarily strange;
  he was actually afraid to go thru the door that he passed only once, 15 years
  ago. It felt strange to follow her orders without a leash around his neck or
  hearing her whip ripping the air and bouncing off of his back. His thoughts
  were all messed up but still, he continued to climb those stairs, slowly. She,
  on the other hand, acted completely calm like it was just yesterday that she
  imprisoned him in her basement. As he went thru those doors, he stopped; daylight,
  which he was denied for, for 15 years, got his eyes to hurt. Once his eyes
  adjusted he looked around; nothing that he saw had a place in his memory like
  he was there for the first time in his life. Again, she commanded him to follow
  her and he did; she went straight to the main entrance door and opened them.
  Then, she came back to him and said, "Take this now" and she placed the bag
  that she carried around, in his hand. He took it still completely confused
  and looked outside; she took his hand and led him straight thru the door, out
  on her porch. "You are free now; in that bag, there are some things you'll
  need to get you started. Go now." She stood behind him for a second, turned
  around and got back in the house; the door closed behind him.  
In an instant, thousands of unclear thoughts rushed thru his head; none of
  it had any sense and none of it went beyond that day his Golgotha began. He
  started to tremble and began to sweat; he realized that there was no free world
  for him. He couldn't remember anything; who he is or who he was, where did
  he come from, what he was doing before&hellip;it was all gone; hundreds of
  questions without a single and clear answer. The only thing he knew well was
  her dungeon.  
He took one step forward and stopped again; just after few seconds, he took
  another two steps back, then another two until his back leaned on the door.
  Slowly, he just slid and sat on the floor.  
Whole day passed by his sight and night began to fall; if, by that moment,
  there was anything left in him, it all disappeared, completely. Slowly, he
  turned around and, while still down on the floor, he discreetly knocked on
  the door. After a few minutes passed without reply, he knocked again with a
  little more force. In few seconds, the door slowly opened and he saw her black
  pumps a foot away from his face. He was so broken that he didn't dare to look
  up; after a minute of silence he spoke, "Please&hellip;" but that was all he
  managed to say. She squatted down near him and said calmly, "If I let you go
  back, it will be for life; this was your chance of getting away and if you
  do not take it I will lock you up for the rest of your time. To die will be
  the only way left for you to leave and you will have to beg me for it." With
  that, she stood up, turned around and went to open the door to her basement.
  She left the front door open, too.  
Almost with no hesitation, he crawled back in and went straight to the basement
  door, never even trying to stand up.  
She stood right beside the open door and watched him crawl in front of her;
  as he entered the basement and crawled down the stairs, she closed and locked
  the door behind him. Once in his cage, he felt safe; safe from the world he
  didn't know at all.  
She went to collect the bag he left outside, went back in and closed the
  door. She sat on the sofa in her living room and smiled. She felt very satisfied
  as she anticipated exactly what would happen once she offers him a way out.
  There was only one thing left to do and that was to patiently wait and make
  him beg her to kill him and put him out of his misery.  
THE FINALE  
She circled around him slowly as he stood on his all-fours in the middle
  of the cold basement floor. She was enhancing her growing excitement just by
  thinking of what she was about to do to him.  
A month passed from that day that she offered him to leave and he didn't
  take that opportunity. Since that day, her viciousness grew every day; various
  ways of tormenting him escalated to the point where he actually pleaded for
  his end. Just yesterday, after six hours of merciless whipping and beating,
  she took an, red-hot iron signet that she head specially made for the occasion,
  with only "HERRIN" on it and made a sear on his chest. And just as he thought
  that paint could not get any worst then what he already had experienced, he
  found out how wrong he was. In the haze caused by pain, he saw no other way
  out but to plea for his end. And that was exactly what she waited for; although,
  she had many ecstasies from bringing him close to his end, his words made an
  enormous burst of excitement for her. "Ask me again" she said calmly, "I want
  to hear it again and make it sound clear." He wasn't hesitating much; instead,
  he repeated, "Please Herrin, put an end to all this&hellip;I cannot take it
  anymore&hellip;put me out of my misery." For her, that wasn't good enough;
  she came closer to where he was hanging from the ceiling by his wrists, grabbed
  his chin and said, "No! Look me in the eyes and say it properly; beg for it,
  tell me exactly what you want me to do!" her voice was louder. He opened his
  eyes and looked at her, "Please&hellip;I want you to kill me&hellip;I cannot
  stand it anymore&hellip;kill me&hellip;please&hellip;end my life&hellip;I am
  begging you."  
"That's what I wanted to hear" she said and continued, "However, if I am
  to be so merciful and put you out of your misery, I will be the one to choose
  the way. Now, you have to agree on that, otherwise, I'll just continue keeping
  you in here and you know what that means." "Yes Herrin, whatever you wish" he
  said and just limped in those restraints.  
Her right leg flew thru the air and her heavy boot collided with his side;
  instantly he lost his balance and fell to the floor. It had to be the first
  time that he was completely naked; there wasn't a single piece of any accessory
  attached to him, no restraints, not even a gag. As he just lay there she said, "Get
  up!" just as he tried to get back, she lifted her leg two feet above the ground
  and hit back of his head hard, slamming it to the floor. Blood came out from
  some place on his face and he just remained on the floor. Again she commanded
  him to stand up; he probably knew that he wouldn't be allowed to do so, but
  he obeyed. She moved few feet towards his head and waited until his head was
  a little away from the floor. Again, her heavy boot flew thru the air and its
  tip hit his face, " CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT I AM ACTUALLY KILLING YOU WITH MY
  LEGS&hellip;WITH MY FOOTWEAR ?" her voice was loud and a little shaky from
  excitement. " I BET YOU THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE MUCH SIMPLER TO GO, HA ?" She
  moved back down to his other side and hit him once at it; then, her right leg
  began to inflict strong and rapid blows to where his ribs were. She actually
  felt those bending and cracking at each contact with her boots. She climbed
  up on his back and grabbed that bar at the ceiling; with such balance, she
  lifted her right leg in the air and slammed it at his head for several times.
  He lay on the floor completely limp and probably unconscious; he didn't even
  feel those blows anymore but she was in trance and wasn't stopping.  
After some time, she lost her breath a bit and stepped down off of him; she
  squatted down to see if he was still alive. To her satisfaction, he was; unconscious,
  but alive. 'Good' she thought and stood up; she went to that closet where her
  footwear was and opened it. One other pair of knee-high boots she took and
  went to the chair. These boots had a thin sole but the heels were 6 inch high,
  made of steel and extremely sharp. She put them on and prepared herself for
  the final blow. Sharpness of her heels made it pretty difficult to walk on
  concrete but she managed to get beside him. He was still unconscious and she
  wanted him awake so she waited, patiently. While she waited, she thought about
  what was going to happen. Every single thought got her aroused except one;
  she was about to end all this and then what?  
She looked down at his unconscious body; she knew he was useless and barely
  alive at all. All that she wanted to do, she already did and lately, she sort
  of ran out of new ideas. He began to wake up and open his eyes; he looked around
  and saw her standing exactly above him, her legs beside each side of his head.
  He noticed the new footwear she had and knew that those would probably be the
  last ones she'd use; with those heels, she'd be able to kill a bear, let alone
  his deteriorated self. Her right leg found its way atop of his chest, first;
  then, she stepped on him with her other leg and both heels sunk deep into his
  flesh. Before he managed to make a single sound, she turned around in spot,
  making more damage to his torso. She placed one leg on his shoulder and leaned
  on it until the heel went deep in; again, she grabbed that bar at the ceiling
  and lifted her other leg above his head. All the beating and pain, all the
  weariness in general, made him close his eyes; he was loosing his consciousness
  again. She noticed it so she yelled, " LOOK AT ME!" Her words kind of refreshed
  him so he opened his eyes just to see her heel positioned an inch above his
  right eye. As he wasn't thinking straight, he never realized her intention;
  slowly, her heel touched his eyeball and it was too late for him to close it
  and try to prevent it. Just as he again thought that there couldn't be any
  greater pain, he felt like someone was twisting a needle right in his brain.
  Instead, she was digging around his orbit with her heel; once she was sure
  his eye was destroyed, she stopped. The pain threw him into darkness again;
  he was unconscious. "STUPID FUCK!" she said once she realized he was no longer
  awake. The sight of him was horrible; horrible to anyone but her, that is.  
She had to reach for her patience again; she waited, this time a little longer,
  for him to wake up. Once he began to move his scared lips, she moved closer.
  The horror he felt was enormous once he realized his right eye was gone. He
  felt the end was coming and he was aware of it all, much more then before. " THIS
  IS IT " she said and, with the tip of her right boot, she pushed his chin up
  to expose his neck. Her whole body was in shivers produced by the growing excitement, " KEEP
  YOUR HEAD LIKE THAT, DON'T LET IT FALL DOWN ." Even after all this time, she
  was somewhat amazed by the level of his obedience; even at that moment in which
  he was aware that she was about to execute him, he obeyed her commands, unconditionally.
  Among all the mixed feelings of excitement and arousal, she felt proud; proud
  of her work for the last 15 years.  
Again, she grabbed that bar to get more balance and placed the tip of her
  heel on his exposed neck. " IF THERE IS ANYTHING YOU WISH TO SAY, SAY IT NOW&hellip;THIS
  IS YOUR LAST MOMENT " she said and looked down at his mutilated face. He was
  silent so she repeated, " WELL&hellip;ANYTHING? I AM ABOUT TO KILL YOU, SO&hellip; " There
  was nothing he could or wanted to say; he was simply waiting for it. He felt
  pressure on his larynx and her heel began to penetrate in; she felt some small
  bones breaking under her heel and it made her press harder. Soon, her heel
  disappeared in his throat, completely. Blood was erupting from below her boot
  and she heard him make hissing noises thru his mouth and nose. Quickly, she
  pulled out her heel and looked down; he was dying, suffocating from lack of
  air and from all the blood that filled his throat and lungs. The sensation
  she felt was beyond anything she imagined before. Although, he was almost dead,
  like in trance, she lifted her leg in the air and began to inflict rapid blows
  on his throat, crushing to pulp whatever was still in one piece. Her other
  hand was squeezing the flesh between her thighs, soaked in her own juices.
  As the orgasms passed by, one after another, she become completely exhausted;
  she stopped what she was doing and went for the chair. She limped in it completely
  and it took her 5 minutes to open her eyes. She glanced at the mess on the
  floor done by her legs and stood up; she walked away from the scene thinking
  of how to handle things further.  
Just as she passed by the mirror on the wall, she stopped and looked at her
  reflection. Like that, she stood for a while without any thoughts in her mind.
  After a minute or two, her lips stretched in a thin wicked smile and she, silently,
  said, "There'll be more, I promise you."  
mm  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





