BDSM Library - On Being Faithful




On Being Faithful
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man teaches his future sister-in-law a lesson.On Being Faithful 
     
by T-Luv    
(M/F, spanking, nc, serious)   
WARNING  : You must be at least
  18 years of age to read this story. The following story may describe consensual
  or non-consensual spanking or other BDSM activity involving one or more adult
  women and/or teenaged girls. The story may also describe consensual or non-consensual
  sexual activity between adults, between minor persons, or between minors and
  adults, and will be clearly tagged as appropriate. Please observe the tags
  to determine whether or not you want to read the story. Do not read the story
  if the tags indicate subject matter that you will find offensive.  
DISCLAIMER  : This is a work
  of FICTION. The characters in this story are the product of the author's imagination,
  and do not represent any actual person, living or dead. Any similarities to
  actual persons are purely coincidental. The author does not necessarily condone,
  encourage or participate in the types of activities described within this story.
  Please be aware of the difference between fantasy and reality when reading
  this work of FICTION.  
COPYRIGHT &amp; PERMISSION  :
  This story is Copyright 2003 by T-Luv. This story may not be reproduced elsewhere
  without permission of the author. All permitted reproductions must include
  the unaltered WARNING, DISCLAIMER and COPYRIGHT &amp; PERMISSION notices.  
It was completely unexpected. My fiance was out of town on vacation. I would
  have gone with her, but due to a few emergencies at work I was unable to take
  my own vacation at the same time. So I was very happy to know that she would
  be home in two more days. Two weeks apart was just too long!  
That being the case, I was naturally very surprised when I came home from
  work and heard the shower running. My fiance and I don't live together, but
  she has a key to my apartment. I was elated at the thought that she had come
  home early and was waiting to surprise me. So I decided to surprise her, too.  
I closed the front door very quietly behind me and tiptoed down the hall
  to the bathroom. The bathroom door was open, so I crept right on in. I slowly
  reached for the shower curtain, then suddenly yanked it wide open.  
"SURPRI&hellip;" My jaw dropped, and I immediately pulled the curtain closed
  again. I heard a giggle from behind the shower curtain, and heard the water
  shut off.  
"Anna, what the hell do you think you're doing????" I shouted.  
The shower curtain was yanked open again, and I was presented with a full
  frontal view of Anna's dripping wet nude body.  
There was only one problem: Anna is not my fiance. She's Karen's younger
  sister.  
"Hi Jimmy!" Anna said cheerfully, while she posed for me in a way that I'm
  sure she thought was provocative.  
Let me tell you about Anna. She's about five feet, six inches tall, and blonde.
  At nineteen years old, her figure is slender and lithe. Her breasts are small
  and perky, her legs are long, and her ass round and firm. She sports bright
  blue eyes. And to be perfectly honest, she is prettier than Karen. Physically.  
In every other way that matters, she doesn't even come close. Frankly, she's
  a bitch. She's been flirting with me since the day I met her, and more than
  once she's tried to seduce me. Karen knows about this, of course, and we both
  laugh about it, and fortunately she knows me well enough to trust me. Anna
  likes to wear short skirts and short shorts that leave half of her butt hanging
  out, and she's fond of strutting around in front of me in a microscopic thong
  bikini at every gathering of our group.  
Anna is one of those women who thinks she can get by on her looks. She also
  thinks that all men are the same. That means she believes that we all think
  with our dicks. So she's constantly using sex to get what she wants. Apparently
  that usually works for her, as evidenced by her expensive wardrobe, jewelry
  and car that she obviously can't afford on the money she makes as a waitress.  
Too bad for her that I'm too much in love with her sister to fall for her
  wiles.  
"Anna, please explain what you think you're doing," I said to her, taking
  my eyes off her nakedness and looking her straight in the face. "And how did
  you get in here?"  
"Karen left her key behind in our apartment when she left," Anna said, smiling
  impishly, "and I think you know why I'm here." She stepped out of the shower,
  and though I jumped back she was too quick and she managed to get her arms
  around me. Pressing her naked body against me she continued, "I want you to
  fuck my brains out and make me scream! I know you want to." She emphasized
  that last remark by reaching down and grabbing my package, which was erect
  in spite of my lack of interest in Anna. "You can have your way with me!" She
  tried to kiss me, but I pulled away.  
I managed to extricate myself from the unwanted embrace. Then I made a point
  of slowly looking her up and down. I gazed at her breasts, then let my eyes
  wander down to view her neatly trimmed pussy. I twirled my finger to indicate
  that I wanted her to turn around Then I took a moment to study her ass, which
  still had water beaded on it.  
"I can have my way with you?" I asked conspiratorially when she turned to
  face me again.  
"Yes!" she said, attempting to hug me again. I stopped her with a hand on
  her shoulder.  
"Anything I want to do?" I said, doing my best to look like I was really
  interested in her offer.  
Convinced of my sincerity, Anna licked her lips seductively and said, breathily, "Anything."  
"And you want me to make you scream, huh?" I reached down and took both of
  her hands in mine as I looked into her eyes.  
"Oh god, yes!" Anna cried out.  
I grinned and said, "You got it!"  
Completely without warning, I sat straight down on the lid of the toilet
  seat and hauled Anna face down across my lap. Anna was too surprised to resist,
  but she gasped, "What are you doing?"  
"I'm going to make you scream, just like you wanted, Anna."  
"But&hellip;but&hellip;"  
"And a nice butt it is, Anna. It will be even nicer, I think, when it's been
  painted red!"  
I laid into Anna's ass with my bare hand. My palm made an incredibly loud
  SPLAT! as it connected with her still wet flesh. I knew that had to sting,
  and Anna's shriek of pain confirmed it.  
"Goddamn it, Jimmy!" she shouted. "That fuckin' hurt!"  
"Of course it hurt!" I laughed. "You said you wanted me to make you scream."  
"That's not what I fuckin' meant!"  
"Well, it's what I meant. And you did say I could have my way with you, and
  do anything I wanted." With those words, I started spanking her in earnest.
  Hard. I'd had quite enough of her antics, and this little scenario was the
  final straw. Over and over and over, my hand smacked against her cute little
  ass. I took care to cover her whole butt with my hand.  
"Stop it! Jimmy, stop it! Please? It really hurts!"  
"Oh no, little girl, I'm afraid you've had this coming for a very long time!
  You know damn well how much I love your sister, and I'm sick and tired of your
  little games!" I reinforced my words by spanking her even harder. I was worried
  that her kicking legs were going to cause her to fall off my lap. I shifted
  her to the left so that her butt was over my left thigh, then moved my right
  leg to clamp hers between mine. No escape now! I also had to hold her wrists
  with my left hand, as she kept trying to reach back to protect her butt.  
"Fuck you! Asshole!" Anna screamed at me.  
"You know, Anna, if you keep using that kind of language with me, I'm just
  going to have to spank you longer!"  
"Fu&hellip; no, please, stop Jimmy! Stop! I'm sorry! I won't bother you any
  more! I'm sorry!!"  
Oh, she certainly was going to be sorry! I intended to make sure of that.
  I started spanking her faster. By this point, I'd been spanking her for several
  minutes, and her ass was starting to glow with a nice shade of deep pink. It
  was also getting quite warm, and I planned to make it even warmer. I was determined
  that Anna was going to learn a lesson.  
Anna's struggling and shouting died down a bit after a while once she realized
  it wasn't going to do her any good. I could tell she was crying, though, by
  the way her body was shuddering. Good. Maybe this was getting through to her.
  I kept spanking her hard, even though by now my hand was really starting to
  sting, too.  
As it turned out, Anna's becalmed state was a ruse. It seems she thought
  that if she acted compliant, I might stop spanking her. When it became apparent
  that I wasn't stopping, her churlishness returned.  
"You'd better stop it, Jimmy, or I'm going to tell Karen everything!" she
  bawled.  
I paused, and let my hand rest on her now very hot bottom. "You'll tell Karen?" I
  asked.  
"Yeah. She's gonna find out everything!"  
"Well&hellip;" I replied slowly, "in that case, I guess I'd better make it
  worth the trouble, eh?"  
"What? What do you&hellip;"  
Without answering, I stood her up and turned her to face the bathtub, then
  pushed her to her knees. I made her bend over the edge of the tub, with her
  hands inside on the bottom. When I knelt down behind her, I saw her shift her
  body and open her legs! She must have still thought I was going to fuck her!
  Unbelieveable. I slid open the drawer next to the sink and picked up the object
  inside. Anna's delusion was about to come crashing down.  
I picked up the wet washcloth from the edge of the tub and wrung it out over
  Anna's red bottom. She gasped at the touch of cool water. "Thank you&hellip;" she
  whispered, thinking I was cooling her bottom off.  
Imagine her surprise when the big hairbrush in my hand slammed into her right
  buttock! She howled miserably, both with surprise and pain. The hairbrush left
  a dark red mark on her cheek. My arm went back again, and another solid blow
  struck her left cheek. Whack after whack after whack crashed into her burning
  ass. Her response was to yell and shriek, but it seemed she had enough sense
  to keep her hands out of the way of the hard wooden hairbrush.  
I didn't count the spanks, but by the time I finally stopped Anna's ass was
  raspberry red. I put the hairbrush away and seated myself once more on the
  toilet seat lid. I left Anna where she was, and listened to her weep while
  she rubbed her well-spanked bottom with both hands. I gave her as long as she
  needed to compose herself. When her sobs subsided I said, "Get up, Anna."  
Anna stood, then slowly turned to face me. Unusually for her, she didn't
  say anything, and she actually tried to cover her breasts and crotch. Staring
  at the floor, she waited for me to speak.  
"Where are your clothes, Anna?"  
"On your b-bed&hellip;"  
"Then let's go get them. I want you to get dressed, and then I want you to
  go home." I stood up and allowed Anna to leave the bathroom first, then I followed
  her to my bedroom. I half suspected that she would try another pass at me,
  but instead she just reached for her clothes.  
I watched Anna step into a pair of black thong panties, then put on a matching
  bra. Her designer blouse was next, and then she picked up her designer jeans.
  When she tried to get into the jeans, I felt a twinge of pity for her. Those
  jeans were skin tight. I had seen them on her before, and knew that they looked
  like they were painted on. Indeed, it was with much effort, delicate wiggling
  and many little yelps and gasps that she was finally able to get the jeans
  all the way up. Once she got them fastened, they were like a second skin. I
  knew that had to hurt!  
Slipping her feet into a pair of sandals, she looked at me and said, softly, "I
  deserved that." Then she turned and left without another word. I watched her
  walk stiffly and almost bowlegged to her car, then closed my front door when
  I saw her drive away.  
Anna never made good on her promise to tell Karen, and I decided it was best
  to keep mum too. Sure, Karen was well aware of the way Anna flirted with me,
  but Anna had never been so brazen before, and I wasn't sure how Karen would
  handle Anna's latest escapade. When Karen eventually noticed that Anna was
  no longer flirting with me, she chalked it up to her sister finally growing
  up.  
Karen remained blissfully unaware until a couple months after our wedding.
  Then one day Anna came to visit us. She nervously told us of something really
  stupid she'd done. She confessed that she had gone to a casino, and had lost
  her rent money, and begged us to help her out of the mess before she lost her
  apartment.  
Of course, Karen insisted on helping her out. Between us, Karen and I make
  enough money that it wouldn't be too much of a burden, so I agreed. And then
  Anna, in her gratitude, really threw me for a loop.  
"Thank you!" she cried, clapping her hands. "I promise I'll pay you back!" But
  then she got serious, and started looking nervous again. "But, um&hellip;" She
  paused as if she couldn't decide what to say. Then she blurted out, "But I
  think I need to be taught a lesson." She looked at me and said, "A hard lesson."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T-Luv


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





