BDSM Library - Life at M. A.




Life at M. A.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: about my life at private school and how i got to be a slave. Life at M.A.   
   
Mistress Alyssa grabbed me by the hair, at that same moment Mrs Melissa turn
  on the lights for the whole office. Where Mistress Alyssa had been in the darkness
  when we came in, it was covered in shelves each one covered with items, Mistress
  Alyssa attacked each of my arm to a cord with was attacked to different corners
  of the ceiling and she attacked my ankles each to a cord with was attacked
  to different walls.  
Welcome to M.A. private school for women, my first day at M.A. was like any
  other school except for it was a private school that my mom signed me up for.
  Oh I am sorry my names Gillian I am 17 and in my first of six year at M.A.
  I have long brown hair light bluish green eyes and about 5 feet 9 inches and
  slime, but back to school. I attended public school from nine years and never
  wanted to leave but my mom said it would be good for me or would it. Well anyway
  my first day of M.A. was like first day of any school finding out where your
  classes are meeting new people.  
After going through one day of class we we're led to are dormitories by a
  teacher. There are four houses blonde, brunette, black and redhead each house
  had five dorms, 5 in girls in each dorm. I was led to brunette house with 24
  other brunettes we we're told that dorm lists were in are house gathering room.
  I was in a room with a second year, third year, fourth year and a fifth year.
  The dorms were fairly simple five separate bed with all of are luggage inside,
  their was also a locked door at the end of our room witch I would learn to
  dread but that comes later in the story.  
Day two was very much the same as day one I went to classes met some friend
  and met our principle Mrs. Alyssa she had long curly brown hair with icy blue
  eyes an about 6 foot 3 inches, she was a very sweet lady that was nice to everyone.
  That all changed one cloudy morning the first day of term two, Mrs Alyssa came
  on the p.a. and called all the other and me first years in my house. I left
  my classroom with a couple of other girls, we had no idea where Mrs. Alyssa's
  office was so we just kept on walking down the hall to the very end we're a
  sign read principles office. Just as I was about to open the door it open by
  it's self, Mrs Alyssa's voice said come in girls.  
We came in and suddenly the door was locked behind us by our vies principle
  Mrs Melissa, all of the 7 first years form brunette house we're their. Mrs
  Alyssa came out from the darkness right in front of me, &nbsp;"your life at
  M.A. is about to change severely" she annoused, "oh by the way M.A. stands
  for Mistress Alyssa that is what you will all call me from now on" Mistress
  Alyssa continued, "and if we don't" I asked "&nbsp;well I'll show you that
  right now" Mistress Alyssa laughed.  
Mistress Alyssa grabbed me by the hair, at that same moment Mrs Melissa turn
  on the lights for the whole office. Where Mistress Alyssa had been in the darkness
  when we came in, it was covered in shelves each one covered with items, Mistress
  Alyssa attacked each of my arm to a cord with was attacked to different corners
  of the ceiling and she attacked my ankles each to a cord with was attacked
  to different walls.  
"Now the fun begins" Mistress Alyssa chuckled, she stepped up to me and said, "your
  wearing to much, I think I'll have to deal with" she grabbed my white blouse
  and she quickly unbuttoned it, I screamed as loud as I could but she just said, "the
  louder you scream the more painful it will be for you". Ones she had unbuttoned
  my blouse she ripped it off "what the hell are you doing I just bout that yesterday" I
  yelled "oh I'm sorry not and for that rude behaviour you'll suffer even more
  pain" she laughed. Mistress Alyssa than presided to take off my new skirt thankfully
  it had a zipper on the side so she just unzipped it instead of ripping it.
  I was then just in my bra and panties, "what should I take off first Melissa" Mistress
  Alyssa asked, "her bra I think" Mrs Melissa answered "good choice Mel" Mistress
  Alyssa responded, she walked up to me and unhooked my bra and then with her
  knife she cut ether side of my panties. I was helpless and I had just been
  the most humiliated in my life, but she wasn't about to stop there. Mistress
  Alyssa went to the shelves and took down five things that I had never seen
  before, she approached me with the five items she put them down in front of
  me. The first item had a clamp at each end, each clamp had sharp points on
  each them, she attacked one clamp onto my left nipple it hurt like hell but
  before I could scream Mrs Melissa shoved a ball in my mouth and secured it
  be hide my head, at the same time Mistress Alyssa attacked the other clamp
  to my right nipple I screamed but no sound got passed that ball.  
Mistress Alyssa then got another item from the floor it was some kind of
  weights she attacked the weights to my pussie lips I couldn't stand the pain,
  but Mistress Alyssa just took another items from the floor. This item looked
  like to be some kind of plug Mistress Alyssa had two of them she put one in
  my open pussie and she shoved the other into my ass. The last item that she
  took looked to be some sort of collar, Mistress Alyssa took the collar and
  attacked it around my neck she then attacked a leach to my collar. "You are
  now one of my sluts I have about 55 of them right now" Mistress Alyssa said, "the
  plug in your ass and your pussie will not allow you to go to the bathroom,
  and since you are one of my sluts you will obey what ever I tell your to do
  or you'll get the whip or weight added to your pussie do you understand" she
  asked I nodded "good then go back to your classroom like a dog your class mate
  here" Mistress Alyssa said as she pointed to Vanessa "will hold your leach" Mistress
  Alyssa continued. Mistress Alyssa came up to Vanessa " tell your teacher that
  this slut will be your class demonstration, she'll now what I mean.  
Vanessa opened the door to the classroom with me following her on my hands
  and knees, the whole class looked at me. Vanessa went up to Mrs Johnson are
  main teacher "Mrs Alyssa told me to tell you that she is are class demonstration" Vanessa
  said Mrs Johnson, "I was hopping shed pick you Gill" Mrs Johnson said as she
  looked at me with a smile. Mrs Johnson returned from her office with a box
  full of items, "OK girls come forward for a demo" Mrs Johnson laughed, " remember
  Gillian Bromilow girls she is now a slut or a slave if you will, she'll serve
  Mrs Alyssa. You girls will now call Mrs Alyssa Mistress Alyssa as with all
  of the teachers you will call them Mistress Jennifer and if you don't you will
  be punished in your class like Gillian is about to be, or if you did something
  really bad you will get punished in front of the whole school so be careful" Mistress
  Jennifer said. Mistress Jennifer grabbed my leach I didn't know what to expect,
  she pulled me to my feet and grabbed a rope from inside the box that she tied
  my hands behind my back with and then attacked that rope to a cord with was
  hanging from the ceiling right in front of the chock board. Mistress Jennifer
  turned on a machine that pulled me up by the rope attacked to my arms she didn't
  turn it off until I was on my tepee toes.  
Mistress Jennifer asked for a volunteer, Alison my worst enemy was the first
  one to put up her hand. "Good, come up to the front of the class Alison" Mistress
  Jennifer demanded, Alison walked up to the front of the class. "You will get
  to whip this slut ten times anywhere you want" Mistress Jennifer laughed I
  tired to scream but the sound was muffled by the ball in my mouth.  
Mistress Jennifer handed Alison a whip and said you can start when ever you
  want, Alison's first hit me on both my breast's the pain wasn't that bad at
  first but after 10 hit right in the same spot I couldn't stand still. Mistress
  Jennifer grabbed the whip from Alison "very good for the first time but now
  I will show this slut the real meaning of pain" Mistress Jennifer chuckled.
  Mistress Jennifer had perfect aim and made every hit count, after 10 hit directly
  on both of my nipples they we're redder then tomatoes and we're covered in
  welts but she wasn't done yet. Mistress Jennifer then proceed to hit my stomach
  ever time I started to fall but my arm wouldn't let me leave my tepee toes,
  after she had my stomach 10 times she took out two more pieces of rope from
  her box, she tied one tightly above and below my breasts. Which caused my breast's
  to puff out, Mistress Jennifer then attacked a par of nipple clamps to my already
  extremely pain stricken nipples. The clamps had hooks on the end of each one
  which Mistress Jennifer attacked weights to each hook, at this point my nipples
  we're so sore that I passed out.  
When I awoke I was in a cage that was attacked to the roof, there was lots
  of other cages in this room that seemed to have no walls. I looked down at
  my self to see that my nipple clamps had been removed as well as the rope above
  and below my breasts but I still had all the things that Mistress Alyssa had
  put on me. " I see that you have awoken, just in time for the first day of
  training" I looked up to see Mistress Alyssa looking back at me. Mistress Alyssa
  opened the cage door and grabbed my leach, I walked behind her and suddenly
  she grabbed my long hair and pulled it back, "get on the floor dog we're you
  belong" she pushed me to the ground, I had forgotten to crawl on the ground
  like a dog. We worked for what seemed to be forever, until she finally stopped
  at a tall brown door with a big silver door handle.  
Mistress Alyssa opened the big brown doors to reveal a huge back yard witch
  must be at least 1000 acres, "This is the training ground, we're we will get
  you ready for the big day" Mistress Alyssa said with a evillish grin on her
  face. "But we have no time to loose" Mistress Alyssa continued, she pulled
  me to a huge track like the ones at the Olympics. Mistress Alyssa pulled me
  onto the track and whistled loudly. Mrs Melissa came running out of the big
  brown door, "Yes" Mistress she asked politely, "go and fetch the cart and bring
  a senior with you" Mistress Alyssa demanded "Yes, right away" Mrs Melissa declared.  
Six minutes later Mrs Melissa came out with a carriage and a girl walking
  behind her, why doesn't she run away I wondered to my self? "One day you will
  be as obedient as Robyn is" Mistress Alyssa said to me, "very good Melissa,
  know harness this two to the front" Mistress Alyssa demanded. In about two
  minutes Mrs Melissa was done and Robyn and I we're both tied to the carriage
  with Mistress Alyssa and Mrs Melissa setting inside it. "Robyn you know what
  to do but I will explain to Gillian, you two must pull us around the track
  for as long as I wish, if I think one of you is going to slow I will whip both
  of you until you speed up, if one of you falls over I will whip both of you
  until we start moving again so if you want friends here slut you better not
  slow down, oh and one more thing the girl that me and Melissa think slowed
  down the most and fell down the most will get put on the cross for two days
  in the baking sun. I think that's all so go" at that Robyn started to run but
  it took me a couple of minutes to realise what to do, during that time me and
  Robyn we're getting whipped.  
Robyn and I ran around and around the track for hours until finally at 9:30
  pm mistress Alyssa said, that is enough for today. "The looser is Gillian,
  slut you have just won your self a two day trip to the cross of doom" Mistress
  Alyssa laughed "ya ya looser" Robyn chuckled, "you also will be going her,
  I am very disappointed in you slut" Mistress Alyssa said to Robyn. "Melissa
  attack them to the crosses" Mistress Alyssa ordered, "yes mistress" Melissa
  answered. In 5 minutes Robyn and I we're attacked by are arm, legs and waists
  by rope to two separate crosses.  
"How many years have you been here for" I asked Robyn, "this is my forth
  year" she replied "what's it like being tied up here for two days" I continued " you'll
  find out. Don't ask any more questions or you'll get it later" and at that
  we didn't talk for the rest of the night. At 9 o clock the next morning Mistress
  Alyssa came outside to talk to us, "how are my two sluts doing?" After a couple
  of minutes of silence she said "I'll take that as good" Mistress laughed. " I
  heard it suppose to be a record braking day of 58oc, you two will get pretty
  bad burns up there during the heat of the day with out cloths. I am going to
  go for a nice swim in my pool" Mistress Alyssa continued to laugh.  
The next two days seemed to never end, but finally at 10 pm the next day
  Mistress Alyssa came out. " Well you two have served your punishment but don't
  think you're done yet" Mistress Alyssa said. Mistress Alyssa lowed Robyn's
  cross first and slowly untied the rope connecting her to the cross, when she
  was finally done she grabbed Robyn by the hair and pulled her over to my cross.
  When she lowed my cross to the ground she untied the ropes attacking me to
  the cross, but she attacked new ropes around my ankles and my wrists than a
  rope attacking them together with a rope behind my back to cause my breast's
  to stick out. Mistress Alyssa attacked a collar around my neck and attacked
  the leach to a nipple ring that she attacked to Robyn's left nipple. Mrs. Melissa
  brought out another girl tied up just like me and attacked her to a nipple
  ring on Robyn's right nipple. "Know that we're ready, Robyn you will have two
  run around the track with these two dragging behind you like weights and if
  you stop you will fall over because you will be running with a rope tied from
  your pussie ring to the back of a car" Mistress Alyssa laughed again, "oh and
  Gillian if you hadn't noticed your badly brunt breast will be dragging on the
  track".  
Mistress Alyssa stated up the engine of her porch and pushed the pedal down,
  she started out going 40kmph than speed up to 80kmph. At first Robyn stayed
  on her feet but after about 20 minutes she started to fall over again and again.
  My breast felt like they'd fall off from all the pain.  
Two hours went by Robyn being dragged for 1hour and 40 minutes. At 10 o clock
  the next morning Mistress Alyssa stopped the car, it had been 12 hours sine's
  we began and my breast we're burning. "Melissa attack Robyn and I back to the
  carriage and put Brittany on one of the crosses" Mistress Alyssa demanded,
  Mrs. Melissa said nothing but went strait to work. It Mrs. Melissa ten minutes
  to do all what mistress said for her to do.  
" Girls you know what to do and if you two are good maybe will end early
  today" Mistress Alyssa said, we started to run but after 5 minutes Robyn collapsed
  I kept on running for a couple of minutes but then I also collapsed onto the
  track. Mistress Alyssa kept on whipping us but I couldn't continue because
  Robyn wasn't getting up I guess she just had run to much the last couple of
  days. Mistress Alyssa finally gave up and came over to us, " Melissa put Robyn
  on the empty cross" Mistress Alyssa ordered. " As for you slut we're going
  to learn some more lessons" Mistress laughed at me.  
We pulled her around for 6 hours until finally she untied us and reattached
  collars around our neck she put us back to the house we're I hadn't gone for
  four days. Mistress Alyssa lead us into a room I had never been before, the
  room had a boxing ring in the middle with stands that could seat at least 500
  people. "Girls you will be in a wrestling match with two other girls we're
  anything goes and I mean anything, oh by the way the stands will be filled
  and of course you won't be wearing any clothes" Mistress Alyssa continued. "Their
  will be two teams of two, Gillian and Robyn you two are one team and your opponents
  will be Stacy and Trish" Mistress laughed as two women come out wearing wrestling
  uniforms with the letters WWE across the chest. "Hey their professional wrestlers" I
  complained " ya so" Mistress said, " get into the ring ladies" the four women
  got into the ring " all the chairs can be used on your opponents at anytime
  during the match and the match will last four hours. It Stacy and Trish win
  Gillian and Robyn will become their slaves and they can bring them to as many
  live show of the WWE as they want. But if Robyn and Gillian win Stacy and Trish
  will become there slaves for them to do what they want to" Mistress Alyssa
  declared to the crowd of students as they let out a loud cheer.  
" Let the match begin" Mistress Alyssa shouted, Stacy and Trish didn't waste
  a minute but went straight for us. As Stacy approached me I didn't know what
  to do so I just waited, I soon regretted that idea. She pounced on me like
  I Tiger pounces on their prey. She grabbed my arm lifted me up and slammed
  me into the ring, I was still recovering from the last blow when she pounced
  again. This time she pulled me up by the hair and flipped me over her back
  she showed no mercy as again and again she preformed moves on me. I was lying
  on the ground when I realised that Stacy was helping Trish with Robyn so I
  took this opportunity to roll out of the ring, I picked up two steel chair
  and came back into the ring. I slowly crepe up on Stacy and when she finally
  turned around I lit her over the head, she fell to the ground like a piece
  of wood but I wasn't done yet I came up to Trish who was beating up Robyn and
  hit her over the head too. I helped Robyn onto her feet and handed her a steel
  chair of her own then I went back to Stacy and hit her on the head two more
  times for good measures. Stacy was lying on the map, I lifted her top off and
  put it on myself to leave her beautiful breasts exposed, I then took her bottoms
  off to reveal her pussie. She was beginning to wake up as I hit her on the
  head two more times, she feel back to the ground again. When she hit the ground
  I put the chair down and started to twist her nipples as hard as I could she
  started to scream in pain but I just kept on twisting until suddenly I feel
  to the ground as Trish hit me with the steel chair she had taken from Robyn.
  She helped Stacy up and started to talk to her they stop and came over to me
  removed the clothes I had taken from Stacy and put them back on Stacy and then
  hit me five times over the head and set up one on the chair by one of the corners
  of ring Trish and Stacy placed my body lying across the chair. With the other
  chair Stacy pushed my head to the ground and then Trish climbed up on top of
  the rope and jumped right onto my body witch collapsed the chair and left me
  in a pile on the ground. They then did the same too Robyn, after they we're
  done they tied me to one corner and Robyn to the other so that we couldn't
  move and then they started to twist our nipples as hard as they could.  
As the bell sounded to end the match I could barely notice it, but suddenly
  I was untied from the corner and was given to Stacy from Mistress Alyssa and
  the same with Robyn she was given to Trish, these would be a new step in are
  still young lives. Stacy and Trish lead us out to there private limousines,
  but instead of letting us sit in a seat with them they put us in the truck
  and "oh by the way the trip will be about nine hours and you girls won't be
  coming out till then.  
The day before Stacy and Trish had approached Mistress Alyssa, "we need new
  slaves and will pay 20 million for those two outside" Stacy said as she pointed
  to Robyn and me. "Ok but you two will have to wrestle them first, if you win
  you get them but you still have to pay, but if they win I get you two and the
  money" Mistress Alyssa said. "Fine" they said together as they paid Mistress
  the 20 million, "you match will be tomorrow after noon down stairs" Mistress
  Alyssa proclaimed "fine" as they left Mistress's office.  
We had been in the trunk of the limo for what seemed like forever in the
  small trunk with two girls with almost no breathing space, when we finally
  stop. Trish opened the trunk to reveal an empty under ground garage, "welcome
  to the nicest hotel in New York City" Trish declared. " We're here for Raw
  tomorrow night where you two will be coming with us" Trish laughed as she grabbed
  Robyn by the hair and pulled her out of the trunk and gave her a pair of panties
  and a bra and told her to put them on quickly. Stacy them came to the trunk
  and pulled me out but only gave me a towel to put on.  
All four of got into the elevator on went to the top floor of the hotel.
  When we arrived it was obviously the penthouse sweet of the hotel, it was huge.
  Stacy pushed me into the room and took her towel back, Trish then pushed Robyn
  in after me and demanded her panties and bra back, Robyn and I both did as
  we we're told and gave the items back. Stacy grabbed me by the hair and pulled
  me to a hook in the centre of the room, "I didn't appreciate you taking my
  clothes off in that wrestling match girl, I think I'll teach you a lesson" Stacy
  yelled at me. Stacy started by tying my ankles together and then tied my wrist
  together with strong rope, Stacy hooked the rope tying my ankles together over
  the hook, she then did the same with the rope around my wrists. This position
  cause my back to ark in words, this caused my breasts to puff out, Stacy then
  attacked nipple clamps onto my bare nipples. Stacy then attacked tight cords
  from my nipples to the ground, since the cords we're almost too small this
  caused my nipples to be pulled out even father.  
Trish had tied Robyn to a tall pole, she had put ropes around Robyn's ankles,
  knees, half way up her legs from her knees to her waist, waist, right bellow
  her breast's, right above her breast's, neck and a cord tying Robyn's hands
  above her head. The cords above and bellow Robyn's her breast puffed her breast
  out, Trish had also attacked a cord onto her waist cord so that it would run
  right under her pussie and ass then pulling it as tight as if would go so it
  would press on her pussie and ass incredibly hard and then being attacking
  it to her waist cord again. At that Trish and Stacy went to there separate
  beds for the night and left us in the living room.  
In the morning Stacy was the first to wake up, but me Robyn and I we're already
  awake, when Stacy came out she walked up to me and pulled on my nipple clamps
  to get my attention, "did you have a good sleep girl" she demanded "yes I did
  Mistress Stacy" I replied "very good girl, I was wondering if you would catch
  on" Stacy said. A few minutes latter Trish came out of her room a couple minutes
  later and went straight to Robyn. Trish did the same thing to Robyn as Stacy
  did to me, Stacy came out with two glasses of lemonade "here you two must be
  thirsty" Stacy said as she gave a cup to Robyn and I. The lemonade must have
  had some sort of sleeping peel because when Robyn and I finished our glasses
  of lemonade we fell vast asleep.  
When we woke up we we're in the limo again and it was just coming to a stop
  when I woke up Robyn, Stacy came to the trunk and opened it and pulled me out
  then Trish did the same to Robyn. Stacy and Trish took us naked to the women's
  locker room we're all the other female wrestlers we're. "New slaves Trish and
  Stacy" a voice said from in the corner, "ya we got them yesterday, aren't they
  lovely" Trish proclaimed. "Ya they're" the voice said again, "hey Stacy good
  luck in your one on one match with the big show to night" a different voice
  said, "WHAT I'M WRESTLING THE BIG SHOW TONIGHT" Stacy yelled.  
When Stacy got into the ring the big show looked like he was ready to kill
  her, what had she done to deserve this she thought to herself. Before she had
  any more time to think about it the big show had already started, he picked
  her up with his massive hands and through her into the corner. But he didn't
  stop there, he picked her back up and held her over his head by her neck and
  through her to the ground. Stacy was getting man handle by this 7 foot something
  giant, just as I was about to do something about 6 women came out and pushed
  the big show out of the ring.  
 A steel cage was attacked to the ring with the six other women and Stacy
  all inside, the cage was clearly meant for Stacy's match with the big show
  but the girls seemed to have saved Stacy at the moment. But when Stacy got
  up to thank the girls for saving her they surprisingly pushed her back down, " we
  didn't come to save you, we just didn't want the Big Show to have all the fun
  with you that's all" the six laughed together. They pulled Stacy to her feet
  and then Torrie and Dawn through Stacy into the steel wall, Stacy was on the
  ground from the impacted when Victoria and Molly pulled Stacy up by her hair,
  when Stacy was on her feet again Victoria picked her up and through her into
  the steel wall and Stacy again collapsed to the ground. At that moment Dawn
  and Torrie held Stacy down and Molly jumped from the top of the cage (10 feet
  high) and landed right on Stacy, Stacy was know motionless on the ground but
  instead of stopping Torrie and Dawn came up to Stacy's limp body and started
  to remove her clothes and the fans started to cheer. Stacy was now on the ground
  of the ring with no clothes on and six women looking over her, Torrie through
  Stacy's clothes in-between the steel wall to the crowd. Meanwhile Victoria,
  Dawn, Molly, Jazz and Jacqueline all we're hit Stacy all over her body, Jazz
  and Jacqueline pulled Stacy to her feet and dragged her to one of the corners.
  When they got her there they started to tie Stacy to the corner with the rope
  they brought in when they came into the ring, but before they could finish-tying
  Stacy to the corner Stacy kicked Jazz and Jacqueline over. The four girls came
  over to Stacy, but surprisingly Victoria and Torrie each hit Dawn and Molly
  to the ground. Stacy, Victoria and Torrie began to dominate the other four
  girls until finally the three had Molly, Jazz and Jacqueline all tied nude
  to a corner and Stacy had put Molly's clothes on.  
Dawn was in the middle of the ring with the three girls looking over her, "please
  don't hurt me" she begged but the three seemed to not even notice Dawn attempt
  to save herself. They got Dawn into the only corner that was left and ripped
  her clothes off and tied her like they had to the other three. Stacy approached
  Dawn and started to twist dawn's nipples as hard as she could, Dawn began to
  scream but right after Dawn took a breath to scream again Stacy shoved Jazz's
  and Jacqueline's panties into dawn's mouth so she could not scream anymore.
  Then Stacy kept the two pairs of panties in Dawn's mouth with some leftover
  rope so Dawn couldn't spit them out.  
When the cage finally came up Stacy, Torrie and Victoria untied Dawn from
  the corner but instead of taking off all the other ropes on Dawn's body they
  attached a dog collar around Dawn's neck and they attacked a leach to the collar
  and started to drag Dawn back to the locker room leaving the other three girls
  still tied to the corners.  
I was hanging naked, from the selling of the girl's locker room by my arms
  and legs so that my back would arch and so my breast would puff out, when Stacy,
  Torrie and Victoria came in dragging Dawn behind them. As Stacy passed me she
  pulled hard on the nipple clamps she had put on my nipples earlier, "so what
  should we do with Dawn" Torrie asked "first of all her name is no longer Dawn
  it's slut and we will turn her into a slave so we can sell her" Stacy said
  as she walked up to Dawn "you will revere me as Mistress Stacy to her as Mistress
  Torrie and to her as Mistress Victoria, if you don't you will be punished understand" Stacy
  yelled at Dawn, Dawn nodded her head. "Good now lets get out of here girls" Stacy
  said as she unattached me from the ceiling and attached a leach to my collar
  and dragged Dawn and me to a limo that was waiting for us in the parking lot.
  We we're shoved into the trunk so that there was barley enough space to breath
  let alone enough space to be comfortable.  
The car ride was long because we had to dive through New York and then once
  we got onto the high way we drove to Mistress Stacy's mansion just outside
  of L.A. When we finally arrived to Mistress's mansion the trunk was open and
  a face that I had never seen before pulled me out of the trunk and handed me
  to Mistress Stacy, ones Dawn had been given to Stacy she pulled us into the
  mansion.  
I lady about 5 feet 5 inches with long blonde hair and perfect blue eye's
  took Dawn's leach from Stacy and lead her down a set of stair's, but Stacy
  kept me and pulled me down a long hallway till we got to the last door on the
  right with the words the room on the big ock door, Mistress Stacy opened the
  door. Inside was the biggest room I had ever seen in my life, their was a wrestling
  ring, a water tank, metal cages some filled with nude women, ropes hanging
  from the ceiling and a wall covered in bondage items.  
Mistress Stacy dragged me to a steel cage that looked way to small for me,
  Stacy through me into the cage that I could barely fit into. Stacy then turned
  to Dawn and grabbed the leach from the lady that was holding it. Stacy grabbed
  Dawn by the hair and pulled her over to some ropes hanging from the ceiling,
  she attacked one rope to each of her ankles and one around both arms so her
  arms were behind her back and her chest was facing the ground. The ropes that
  Dawn was attacked to was on a pulley system so Stacy pulled Dawn up to head
  height, then Stacy went to get things from the bondage wall.  
When Stacy returned she had some of the biggest nipple clamps I'd ever seen,
  she attacked the nipple clamps to Dawn's breasts and then attacked weights
  to the chain attacking the nipple clamps. Mistress Stacy then put a plug in
  Dawn butt and attacked a weight to each of Dawn pussie lips.  
*****   
Trish had brought Robyn to her mansion next to Stacy's, Robyn was in the
  basement we're Trish kept all her slave. Robyn was tied to a wood pole and
  left there for the other slaves to have fun with, the others loved it when
  Mistress Trish gave them new sluts to play with they had done every thing imaginable
  to Robyn starting with whipping her breasts, pussie and butt to getting needles
  through her breasts and now they we're burning Robyn's body with red hot metal.
  Just as Robyn thought Trish was going to let the other slaves kill her Trish
  came in and said "Ok girls that's enough fun for now but it your good maybe
  she'll be back soon" the girls seemed to be excited and went back into their
  cages as Trish locked each one. "Now to deal with you, let me see what to do
  with you, I got it" Trish said rather excitingly and she whistled two times
  and three women came running out, Trish quickly whispered something in the
  women's ear and all three of them ran over to Robyn and untied her from the
  post and stated dragging her up the stairs to the backyard.  
*****   
Mistress Stacy had brought me outside and tied me to a chariot where a horse
  would normally go, she put a bite in my mouth and attacked a long rope that
  had nipple clamps on the end to each of my nipples then she grabbed the rope
  and pulled it over my head. Mistress Stacy then sat in the chariot holding
  the rope and said " we're going to have a competition with Trish and her slave,
  I think she's you friend is she not?" all I did was nodded " well anyway we're
  going to race around a track just like this one 10 time and of course you'll
  be pulling me in the chariot, oh by the way the looser get hung from the cross
  in the middle of the stadium for two days and then the winning team get to
  do what ever they want to do the looser for a week. So I don't think you'll
  what to loose, so that why I'm letting you practice today and also because
  my slaves have never lost against Trish in this competition and I don't want
  to loose that record" Mistress Stacy said and at that she pulled hard on the
  rope witch cause agonizing pain in my breast. For a minute I just stood they
  and then the pain came again but worse this time then I realised that was my
  signal to run.  
I was the best female athlete when I was in junior High and High school,
  I even remember when Mistress Alyssa made me and Robyn do this but it was never
  this hard with two people as it is with one. As I was running it felt like
  I was hardly moving, but ever time Mistress Stacy pulled on her rope the pain
  in my breast seemed to speed me up. When I had finally competed four laps I
  was so tired I thought I couldn't even move But Mistress Stacy kept me going
  by pulling on her rope.  
The tenth last seemed to take for ever to finish and when I finally got ton
  the finish line I fell to the ground and though I'd never get up, but when
  to pain came into my breast again I struggled to my feet waiting to ear what
  to do. But all Mistress Stacy did was pull harder on her rope until finally
  I started to run around the track again. The laps seemed to go by faster now
  I suddenly realised that Mistress Stacy was no longer on the chariot, but I
  just kept running around the track when suddenly out of nowhere Mistress Stacy
  was right in front of me I just stopped in time not to have hit her good thing
  to she looked furious at what ever had made her fall off.  
*****   
Trish was in the middle of attacking Robyn to her chariot when someone inside
  screamed her name out the window Trish ran to the house forgetting that she
  hadn't attacked Robyn to the chariot and as soon as Trish got inside Robyn
  was running to the front yard, when she got there the limo was i9n the driveway
  and she remembered seeing the limo driver put her key under the door mat. Robyn
  grabbed the key from under the door mat and ran into the limo put the key in
  and started to driver down the driveway, at the bottom she didn't remember
  witch way to go so she guest and went right not knowing where she would end
  up. She had gone about I km when she realised way the limo was in the driveway
  it was almost out of gas and Trish would likely soon find out what had happened
  and go looking for her.  
When the limo was about to die she jumped out as the limo fell off a cliff
  into the river below, not knowing what would happen Robyn ran to the nearest
  house that was almost two times the size of Mistress Trish and knocked on the
  door as she herd engines getting closer and just as she thought no one was
  home the door opened and a tall women pulled her inside before she even knew
  the door was open it was closed again.  
*****   
 Mistress Stacy was so mad when she untied me from the chariot that I didn't
  know what was going to happen. She dragged me all the way to the basement without
  saying a word when she finally spoke I whished she hadn't "DO YOU KNOW WHAT
  HAPPENED OUTSIDE SLUT DO YOU? YOU THROUGH ME OFF THE CHARIOT, YOU MITE THINK
  IT A JOKE KNOW BUT I GARINTE THAT YOU WON'T IN A COUPLE OF MINUTE" Mistress
  Stacy said I didn't mean to I tried to explain but she wouldn't hear me. Mistress
  Stacy started dragging me down the hallway and through big oak door that I
  had never been through before, their was a metal table in the middle of the
  room witch Mistress Stacy attacked me to spread eagle facing up both my arms
  and legs we're strapped to the table and my neck as well. Mistress Stacy look
  down at me then laughed as she whistled two times and two women dragging another
  slave came in the room. The other slave was forced to sit on a chair that legs
  we're attack to the table I was on, their was a hole in the chair we're her
  butt was the two other women attack a funnel from the other slaves butt to
  my mouth. Mistress Stacy told the slave to let it go and suddenly the funnel
  was brown with poo and it was coming to my mouth fast just as it was about
  to go in my mouth I closed my mouth to breath through my nose but Mistress
  Stacy had already plugged my nose so I couldn't breath until I open my mouth.
  When I couldn't hold my breath any longer I opened my mouth and the slaves
  poo came into my mouth, it was the worst thing I had ever eaten in my life,
  Mistress Stacy laughed "you better get used to the taste of that slave because
  you'll be eating it from 20 more people today, oh and by the way the slaves
  are only aloud to poo ones a week" as she laughed even harder the first slave
  was unattached from the chair and another one was attacked to it.  
*****   
The women who had opened the door looked at Robyn and said, " is Mistress
  Torrie expecting you" "I don't think so" Robyn replied "excellent then I came
  have some fun with you before I bring you to her, follow me please" the women
  started walking down the hall but Robyn didn't move she herd voices outside
  the door that she recognised as Trish. Robyn ran to the women and quickly said " the
  people outside are looking for me please hide me I can't go back with her" the
  women grabbed Robyn and pulled her down the hall and through her into the last
  room on the right "stay her I'll deal with them" the women said as she hurried
  to the door as people had all ready started to knock on it.  
"How may I help you Mistress Trish?" the women asked, "I'm looking for a
  young girl with long brown hair about 5 feet 9 inches, have you seen her she
  ran away from my mansion this morning and she stole my limo" Trish said "no
  I haven't sorry" the women replied "Jessica I know you're lying don't make
  me tell Torrie that you lied to me, but if you are so certain that she's not
  here can me and my girls look through the house" Trish continue "alright go
  ahead" "thank you Hailey stay here and make sure Jessica doesn't try anything
  and Jessica If I do find her I promise that I'll see that Torrie punishes you
  appropriately, come Alison" and at that Trish and Alison went looking through
  the house.  
"You can come out know" Alison said "it safe their gone" Alison continued,
  Robyn opened the door and said "what did you" but just then she realised that
  it wasn't the women who helped her it was one of Trish's bodyguards. Suddenly
  Robyn was unconscious in Trish arms "how did you do that" Alison asked, " oh
  it's a little trick I learned" Trish said, as she got Alison she told her to
  drag Robyn to the car as they got to the front door Trish said "Jessica you'll
  be in trouble when Torrie find out and Robyn will pay for your hospitality."  
As Trish was about to go in the limo Hailey and Alison we're about putting
  Robyn in the limo when Trish grabbed Robyn and pulled her behind the limo and
  attacked a rope to the trailer hitch in the back of the limo and the other
  end to Robyn's arms that Trish attacked above her head and then she laid Robyn's
  unconscious body breast first on the driveway behind the limo. Trish got in
  the limo and told the limo driver to take the long way home, as they started
  to drive Robyn was getting dragged home and was starting to get road burn.  
*****   
 When Mistress Stacy finally took the chair from over me I'd eaten at least
  24 people's poo, but Mistress Stacy didn't unattached me from the table instead
  she went and got what looked like a big ear piercer. Mistress Stacy came up
  to me with the piercer in her hand and said " don't worry piercing your nipples
  doesn't hurt, who I'm I kidding it hurt like hell be don't panic" Stacy laughed
  as she grabbed my left nipple and put the piercer on in and pushed the piercer
  together, the pain was so strong I couldn't scream, as I looked at my left
  nipple it looked hardly different because the hole was wasn't big enough to
  see from my angle but my breast had already swollen to double it normal size.
  Before I knew it Mistress Stacy had don't the same to my right nipple and was
  now putting huge rings in the holes in both my nipples. The pain got son bad
  that I went unconscious, when I woke up I was hanging in the entrance hall
  by my nipple rings. "Oh good your awake Mistress was wondering when you'd come
  to" Allison said as she was lowering me to the ground but when my toe's we're
  on the ground she stopped and went to get Mistress Stacy.  
*****   
When Robyn woke up she was lying on a table tied spread eagle, she looked
  at her body to find that her nipples had been pierced and huge rings had been
  put in them, then Robyn realised what her front looked like it was all red
  and bruised "wondering what happened to your body, you got pull all around
  town on your front behind my limo" Mistress Trish laughed. Trish unattached
  Robyn from the table and brought her to another room we're Mistress Trish attached
  Robyn to a piece of wood in the shape of a X, Mistress Trish attacked Robyn
  to the X spread eagle and then Mistress Trish attacked a rope to each of Robyn's
  nipple rings. The ropes that we're attacked to Robyn's nipple rings we're also
  attached to a crank, Mistress Trish gave the signal and Alison started to turn
  the cranks witch made Robyn's breast stretch. Alison didn't stop until Robyn's
  breast we're 4 times their normal size then Alison stop and left Robyn like
  that and left.  
Mistress Trish came up to Robyn and said " I hope you like Torrie because
  I've just agreed to sell you to her, don't be to excited Torrie's punishment
  are a lot worse then mine so if I we're you I wouldn't try to escape from her
  house like you did at mine, she's coming to get you in two days and you won't
  be moving from there all that time so get comfortable" Mistress Trish said
  and then left the room to let Robyn think about what she just heard.  
*****   
 Mistress Stacy came in the room " your friend tried to run away from Trish,
  but she got cot and is being punished for it know so are little race has been
  cancelled so we're just going to pretend that you lost" Mistress Stacy said "but
  that's not fair" I complained "do want to be hanging from you tits again" Mistress
  Stacy said I shock my head "I think she said yes Alison raise her up" Mistress
  Stacy continued as my, feet left the floor I said "please don't hang me from
  my tits Mistress" she thought about it for a minute then finally said all right
  Alison bring her to the cross.  
Brittany had carried me up a ladder and attacked me to a cross in the middle
  of the backyard, my feet we're tied together to the bottom of the cross my
  arms we're attacked to opposite sides and then Brittany climbed back down the
  ladder and put it away. Mistress Stacy said, " I'll be back for you in 48 hours
  don't get burnt" she laughed as she walked back inside to leave me hanging.  
*****   
When Trish came back two days latter Robyn was still hanging in the same
  place as when she had left, but Robyn breast had swollen even more so their
  we're at least 6 times bigger then normal " you look good like that maybe Torrie
  will get plastic surgery on you, no I dough it, well don't want to keep you
  new Mistress waiting Alison untie this slut and get her prepared for Torrie" and
  at that Trish left the room as Alison was untying Robyn, when Robyn was back
  on the ground it felt almost weird to he but Alison gave her no time and got
  straight to work. First Alison put a ball gag in Robyn's mouth then a rope
  to each of Robyn's nipple rings put a plug in Robyn's butt and pussie then
  put a saddle on Robyn's back and then she tied Robyn's hair to the front of
  the saddle to keep her head up. When Alison was done she made Robyn go on all
  four's and then Alison sat in the saddle pulled on the ropes that we're attacked
  to Robyn's nipple rings and rode Robyn up the stair's and all the way to the
  front hall we're Trish was talking with Torrie, Alison didn't stop pulling
  on the ropes until Robyn was right beside Torrie, Alison got off Robyn and
  gave the ropes to Torrie. "Thanks you Ali, and Trish it a pleasure doing business
  with you" Torrie said as she rode Robyn back to her limo. Torrie put Robyn
  in the limo and then got in herself, just as Robyn was sitting down Torrie
  said "slave sit on the floor and you should be grateful even for that privilege,
  and I understand that you tried to runaway and hide in my house you got Jessica
  into a lot of trouble and you will pay for coming unto my house uninvited" Torrie
  said as limo started back to her mansion.  
When the limo pulled into the driveway Torrie got out and pulled Robyn behind
  her, ones Robyn was outside of the limo Torrie sat on the saddle and pulled
  on the ropes to get Robyn to start moving " when I pull only on the left rope
  you turn left when I pull on the right rope you turn right and when I pull
  on both you go as fast as you came" as Torrie finished she pull hard on both
  ropes and Robyn started to move Torrie directed Robyn to the front steps and
  indicated for her to climb then. At the top of the stairs Torrie opened the
  door and rode Robyn down the hallway and into the first door on the right,
  Torrie opened the door and rode Robyn into the middle of the room witch had
  some sort of electric merry-go-round without a bottom Torrie attacked the two
  rope to one end of the merry-go-round and turned the merry-go-round on witch
  forced Robyn to walk around in circles around the merry-go-round, all of a
  sudden Torrie turn the merry-go-round speed to max. Robyn kept up with the
  speed for a couple of laps then she fell to the ground and started to get dragged
  round by the ropes attacked to her nipple rings.  
*****   
At the end of the second days my hole body had the worst sun burn ever, Mistress
  Stacy came out with Brittany and she ordered Brittany to get the ladder and
  unattach me from the cross when I was free from the cross Brittany didn't carry
  me down she just let me fall 10 feet to the ground, I didn't have enough energy
  to ease my fall so I fell face first on the ground and went unconscious.  
I awoke to see that I was still lying on the ground we're I had fell, "good
  she's awake, Brittany take her to the room and tell Stuart to make sure it
  happens" Mistress Stacy said to Brittany. Brittany dragged me back into the
  house and into a room I had never been into before. Brittany tied me spread
  eagle to the bed and told Stuart to come in " you have 20 minutes Stu and it
  better work" Brittany said as she left the room. Stuart put his huge pennis
  into my pussie and started to fuck me.  
*****   
"Ok that's enough of this for now" Mistress Torrie said as she turn the Merry-go-round
  off, and unattached the ropes from the merry-go-round. Torrie got back on Robyn's
  saddle and pulled on both ropes so Robyn crawled back into the hallway Mistress
  Torrie pulled hard on the right rope to make Robyn turn right and down the
  hall when Torrie suddenly pulled hard on the left rope so Robyn turn to face
  a huge oak double door with gold handles. When Torrie shut the door behind
  them Robyn saw that they we're in what looked like a dungeon with cages instead
  of sells, Mistress Torrie directed Robyn past all the sells witch we're filled
  with other girls Robyn's age. Mistress Torrie directed Robyn too another set
  of oak doors at the far end of the room.  
*****   
 When Stuart left Brittany came in and untied me from the bed, I was surprised
  when she didn't make me crawl, she led me to a room with an examination table.
  Brittany strapped me to the table and started to take x-rays of my body when
  she looked at them she seemed pleased because she ran out of the room, and
  a couple minutes later Mistress Stacy came running in with her with a big smile
  on her face " good work Gillian your pregnant with triplets, all three are
  girls and in nine months they'll be born as slaves or as my helpers witch ever
  I decide, Brit bring her to a bed" Mistress Stacy said and left the room. Brittany
  led me to a room with a huge bed then left to let me rest. I could hardly believe
  it, I was only 18 and a half and I was pregnant with three girls from a man
  I don't even now, before I could think anymore I fell into on of the best sleeps
  I'd had in two years.  
*****   
In the new room they had just entered was filled with what looked like torture
  devices, Mistress Torrie led Robyn to a table in the middle of the room we're
  Torrie got off and a new pair of hands grabbed Robyn and started strapping
  Robyn's arm's and leg's to the table. When the hands we're done they grabbed
  the ropes attached to Robyn's nipple rings and attached them to a device that
  was lowing from the ceiling, ones the ropes we're attached to device started
  to raise back up witch pulled Robyn's breast up with it. When the device had
  retch the ceiling Robyn's breast we're stretch out so much that they had grown
  10 times they normal size witch caused Robyn extreme pain she started to scream
  as loud as she could witch sounded like an elephant call. When Robyn looked
  down at her pussie, she realised that when she was screaming in pain from her
  breasts that Mistress Torrie must have pierced each of my pussie lips and had
  pulled a rings in each one.  
 "Gill wake up it's breakfast time", called a voice from beside me witch
  I recognised as the fourth year girl from my dorm and the one who was in my
  dream Robyn I think her name was, it was only a dream I thought to myself I'm
  still at M.A. As I headed down for breakfast I noticed I was the only one in
  the hallway. I was just rounding the corner when I saw Robyn already entering
  the gym at the end of the hall at a fast run, I wonder was she's running I
  thought to myself. When I entered the grate hall I found out my Robyn was running
  breakfast had already began and when I four long house tables, I headed for
  the fifth and last the brunette table where the rest of my house was already
  eating. Just as I was going to sit down and eat I heard Miss Alyssa voice "oh
  you won't need to sit down young lady, oh no I have I punishment for being
  late come her Gillian and you two Robyn, I noticed you were also late for breakfast".
  I headed down to the staff table with Robyn right behind me and stopped right
  in front of Miss Alyssa. "Oh first things first you won't be needing your clothes
  for this activity, so just take them off and give them to me" Mistress Alyssa
  said in a monstrous laugh. I did nothing but I saw Robyn didn't even hesitate, "I
  stubborn one are you well I always liked stubborn ones" Miss Alyssa laughed
  as she stepped around the staff table towards me. "Since you're being difficult
  I am going to have to take all your clothes away and I will give you new ones
  of my choice. Now then are you going to take your clothes off or am I going
  to have to rip them off you" Miss Alyssa said as she started her laugh again.  
I slowly started to undo my blouse I had just pull on a couple of minutes
  ago as I undid the last button my blouse fell to the ground. I then started
  to undo my short skirt I was wearing, and when that fell to the floor I just
  stop as I was only in my bra and panties. I suddenly felt a pair of hands cutting
  my bra off with a knife, and when it fell to the floor I put my hands in front
  of my nipples to kept my dignity but only then did I realise that my panties
  hand been cut off too. As I move one of my hands to cover my pussie a hand
  grabbed both of my handed and tied then behind my back. "Now that that's over
  let us prepare them for the contest", as Miss Alyssa was talking two of my
  teachers where were tying me up. One rope they attacked like a figure 8, so
  a loop would go around both my breast and cross in the middle. They then attacked
  a clamp to each of my pussie lips and attacked a cord to each clamp then attacked
  the other ends to where my breast rope crossed. Finally they attacked a nipple
  clamp to each of my nipple and attacked a cord to the end of the clamps. The
  two teachers pulled me to the middle of the hall where there was a huge line
  and Robyn was already waiting for us with two other teachers.  
They attacked Robyn and me to each other by the ropes that were on my nipple
  clamps and they connected them to Robyn's nipple clamps and for my pussie clamps
  to Robyn's pussie clamps. They made sure that we were on opposite sides of
  the line and that the rope was tight. "Ok so the rules are simple you try to
  pull you opponent across the line by using our breast and pussies, who ever
  gets pulled across the line 5 time will loose and her punishment will be every
  house will get to play with her for one week and I will play with you for another
  week right after the house have finished with you", Miss Alyssa said as she
  laughed And at that Robyn started to pull I was cot off guard as she pulled
  me across the line for one point.  
When I was back up on my side of the line Robyn started to pull again but
  this time I was ready for her and I put back so hard that she fell to the ground
  and I dragged her across the line for a point, but by pulling Robyn across
  the line put tremendous pressure on my breast and pussie that I didn't expect.
  By the time I had stopped thinking about my breast I was one the other side
  of the line again, just as I had crossed the line back to my side I was back
  on the ground on Robyn's side of the line again. When Robyn started to pull
  this time I pulled back nut Robyn didn't give up and she pulled me across the
  line once more.  
"One more point and Robyn will be are winner" laughed Miss Alyssa. Right
  when I got onto my side of the line I started to pull and pulled Robyn over
  before she even had realized that we started to make the score 4-2 for Robyn.
  Right Robyn got across the line I pulled her back to me to make it 4-3. I tried
  to pull Robyn across the line right when she got up but this time she was ready
  and pulled me off my feet but she seemed to have lost all her strength because
  I didn't cross the line but instead I got back up and pulled her across the
  line. "Its 4-4, this will be the last match girls so lets hope it's a good
  one", Miss Alyssa announced but she had stopped laughing this time and looked
  kind of worried. We were both in position when I pulled as hard as I could
  and pulled Robyn across the line but only haft off her foot crossed the line
  when she pulled so hard that she cot me off guard because I thought I had won
  and I went flying across the line and almost took Robyn out. "Our winner is
  Robyn", Miss Alyssa said over the loud cheers, No she didn't I pulled her across
  the line before she pulled me across I said, "Oh you don't think she won, well
  why don't we be fair and let the crowd decide, but if they say Robyn wins all
  of your punishment time will be doubled". "Ok. I said thinking the crowd would
  have definitely say Robyn cross the line, "Ok then Girls if you think Gillian
  won raise your hands" Miss Alyssa said only about 4 people raised their hands, "ok,
  now who thinks Robyn is the winner" Miss Alyssa said through laughter, about
  96 girls raised their hands. "Ok your winner is Gill, not, its Robyn but before
  her punishment starts I will attend to some thing first". Just at that moment
  Mrs Melissa came in with a huge box on wheels that was filled with clothes, "bring
  them over here Melissa, and thank you. Robyn do you want to do the honours",
  Miss Alyssa asked "Id love to, but what I'm I doing" Robyn replied, "Oh I'm
  sorry, you will get to ether burn Gillian's cloths, keep them for yourself,
  sell them or give some back to her. So make four piles of clothes," Miss Alyssa
  said as she walked over to me.  
When Robyn was done making her piles the burn piles was the biggest, the
  keep pile and sell pile were about the same, but the give back pile was empty. " Ok,
  lets start with the burning shall we" Miss Alyssa announced, and at that a
  huge fire was lit in the middle of the hall by Mrs Melissa in what looked like
  a fire pit. "Robyn you may burn them however you would like" Miss Alyssa announced,
  at that Robyn picked up my most expensive matching pair off bra and panties
  that were over 150 dollars made of pure silk. Next went all my tongs, then
  bras and last were my panties. "Now you can sell these clothes to the girls
  in the hall" Miss Alyssa said through laughter, "he first item up for bid is
  this gorgeous dress" said Robyn as she held up my bran new 600 dollar dress. "Ok
  do I hear I starting bid of 25 dollars, 25 for the girl in the red, the biding
  finally stopped at 400 dollars.  
 When all of the pile had be sold and Robyn had collected the money from
  the earnings, "ok now the rest of these clothes are your Robyn and you may
  put some of them on or you can put your own clothes on. Now that, that's over
  we have to decide what house will get Gillian first. What house would like
  her first, everyone raised their hands for their all wanted to start the fun
  right away. That's what I thought so I will decide by whichever house bought
  the most dollars worth of clothes. First to get Gillian will be Blond house" as
  Miss Alyssa said that a huge cheer came from the blond table. "Second to get
  her will be the redheads, then black and last but not least brunettes will
  get her. Blonds you may come and get this slut, do whatever you want with her
  for two weeks but you must make sure she eats and drinks every two days and
  that you girls give her to the red head in two week from now" Miss Alyssa said
  as four six year girls came up to me. The first girls that got to me put a
  bag over my head so I couldn't see, then something was attacked around my neck
  and I felt a sharp pull on the neck and heard someone say move you bitch, but
  I didn't and next thing I was on the gym floor unconscious. Ether some punched
  or kicked me in the head and when I hit the gym floor everything went black.  
 When I woke up I was in what looked like a dungeon I was in a steel cage
  with the same four girls standing around me, "the bitch finally woke up" one
  of them said, "now the fun begins" another one said. "Victoria, bring that
  slut to me one" the third sixth year girl said, to what looked like another
  one of they sluts. Victoria is almost the same height as me, she has shoulder
  length brown hair and dark blue eye. Victoria walked up to my cage unlocked
  the door and pushed me onto the floor, she then grabbed the leach that was
  around my neck and pulled me to the girl who had asked for me. "Very good Victoria,
  maybe I'll let you see your sister if you keep being good. AS for you slut
  you will call me Mistress Christine, this is Mistress Arial, this is Mistress
  Rebecca, this is Mistress Amy and if your wondering who Victoria is and why
  I own her and her twin sister Courtney, well this is their first year at this
  school and we made a little wager that they lost, so now their mine. Well enough
  chitchat, lets get going with are activities" said Mistress Christine, at that
  Mistress Amy grabbed me and too my surprise Mistress Rebecca grabbed Victoria.
  They brought us both to Mistress Christine, she grabbed us both by hair " I'm
  going to have fun with you slut today, get them ready girls and call me when
  your done" said Mistress Christine as she left the room. Mistress Amy grabbed
  me, Mistress Rebecca grabbed Victoria and Mistress Arial came in pulling what
  must be Courtney by a leach in from the door Mistress Christine had just left.
  They brought us all into the middle of the room and called "ready" all at the
  same time then Mistress Christine came back in. Mistress Christine headed straight
  for me with a box in her hands, when she got to me she made me go on my hands
  and knees. She then put a horse saddle around my waist so that someone could
  sit on the saddle and be on my back. Then she grabbed a bit and reins that
  you would put in a horses and you could steer them with the reins, she put
  the bite into my mouth then pulled the reins over my head, next came a rope
  to attach my ankle up to the top of my leg so I couldn't get up and would be
  forced to craw on my hand and knees, so did the same time to my other leg then
  attached blinders around both of my eyes so I could only see straight ahead
  of me. When Mistress Christine was done the Mistress Rebecca had done the same
  thing to Victoria and Mistress Arial had done the same thing to Courtney as
  Mistress Christine did to me. "Ok this is what were going to do, were going
  to have a horse back race. As you can see we have three horses and four riders,
  but I'm not going to be in this race so the teams are as follows. Amy will
  be riding Gillian, Rebecca riding Victoria and Arial riding Courtney. This
  isn't just any horse race because the two team that don't win will be punished
  by the winning team's rider. The winner's horse will then come with me and
  train for the school championship horse ride later this year. So ladies mount
  your horses and ride too the starting line, oh we are using the track out back
  and you will do 8 laps of the track" Mistress Christine announced as the riders
  got onto ours backs and rode us outside to the starting line.  
When all three of the teams were on the line Mistress Christine said "go".
  It looked as if Courtney and Victoria did this a lot because they were out
  way ahead of me. I got too the half way around the track when both of the other
  teams lapped me, by the time I had finished my first lap they both were on
  their fourth. When they were passing me again I say them just fall over they
  riders still on their backed screaming at them to get up but they didn't. So
  when I finally got to my last lap and past them again they started to get up
  it looked as if it was going to be a race to the finish. When we rounded the
  last corner I could see the finish line about 100 meters ahead of me and my
  body just went into another gear and I crossed the finish line just ahead of
  Courtney. "I have heard that their has been so cheating among us so as a result
  Gillian has been disqualified so our new winner is Arial and her horse, Gillian
  will also be further punished for cheating after her one week of Arial's punishment
  is up. Arial you have won the right of Gillian and Victoria for one week so
  have fun with them and Rebecca and Amy you have won one week being at my disposal" Mistress
  Christine said as she took Rebecca, Amy and Courtney with her and Arial took
  Victoria and me with her.  
Mistress Arial rode Victoria while pulled me behind them, she steered us
  in the opposite way of the school past the track into the woods. We kept going
  for a while when she then got off of Victoria, pulled Victoria's and my reigns
  in front of us put a blind fold on us and started to pull us further into the
  wood, when we finally stopped she seemed to have opened something and we started
  to go down stair and then after what seemed an hour we were off the stairs
  and on cement again. After going through a couple of door down some more steps
  and then through three more doors Mistress Arial attached each of are reigns
  to what seemed like a metal post, then she took are blindfolds off we were
  in a large room with about six doors going off in different directions. Our
  reins had in fact been attached to a metal pole at opposite ends of a ring
  to each other, " if you haven't noticed you two are in a wrestling ring because
  shortly you will wrestler each other to see what punishment you will get. Unlike
  most wrestling matches this one you have the right to use every thing in this
  room and as you can see there are lot of thing in here, the winner will be
  the won who has their opponent tied up hanging from those ropes from their
  breasts" Mistress Arial said as she pointed to two ropes hanging from the ceiling.  
"Since Victoria beat you in the race, I will untie her first and she can
  go get one item from the room and come back into the ring before I will untie
  you" Mistress Arial said as she finished untying Victoria and taking all the
  stuff off her body. When Victoria had nothing on her body Mistress Arial told
  her to go get one item then come back into the ring. Victoria headed straight
  to the wall behind me. Victoria grabbed something from the wall, when she got
  back in the ring I saw to my shock she was holding a metal bat. When Mistress
  Arial finally got everything of my body she pushed me to my feet, but right
  when I got up Victoria hit me on the head with the bat and I fell to the ground
  unconscious like I wooden board hitting the ground.  
When I awoke I thought I would be hanging from the ropes, but Victoria didn't
  have me hanging by my nipples at all. She had my legs tied over the top rope
  in one of the corners, so that I was hanging upside down. My hands were tied
  to the ground so I couldn't move them, when I looked up at my breast I found
  out to my horror that Victoria had pierced them and had weights hanging off
  of them. My legs were spread apart so that my pussie was fully vulnerable,
  I couldn't even protect my self because my hands were tied down and my legs
  tied apart.  
Victoria left the ring and headed to one of the walls where she took a couple
  of things that I couldn't see. When she came back into the ring she had a grin
  on her face, like she knew a horrible secret. She walked up to me and was holding
  some sort of electric box with all kind of wires coming off it, but before
  she could attack it to me Mistress Arial Said " you only have 3 minutes to
  have her hanging by those ropes, or their won't be a winner and you'll both
  loose" she laughed. Victoria immediately dropped the items that were in her
  hands and started to undo the ropes that were tied to me. She finished untying
  me and let me to the ring floor headfirst which knocked me out cold.  
The Day   
 When I awoke I was sure enough hanging from my breast and pussie lips by
  the four cords in the room, but I was surprised to see that when I looked beside
  me Victoria was also hanging from her breast and pussie lips on four ropes
  off her own right beside me. " I see that the two sleeping beauties have woken
  up, it's about time I was beginning to think you two were dead, but I'm glad
  your not because we have a fun day booked ahead of us, were going to" but before
  Mistress Arial could finish talking a group of people three men and two women
  walked into the room "their you three are we've been looking for you for hours.
  Well anyway lets get down to business before we forget it" one of the men said, "what
  do you want Jack, cause if you can't tell I'm in the middle of something. I
  don't have long a long time to play with these girls so if you would excuse
  me I want to get back to my fun" Mistress Arial said in a stern voice. " Actually
  Arial we're here to talk to you about those girls" another one of the men said, " well
  I'm not the one to talk to you'll have to take to Alyssa, Robert" Mistress
  Arial replied, "we've already talked to Alyssa, and she said to look for you
  and we would find these two girls" Robert replied. "Ok then what do you want" Mistress
  Arial said in an irritated tone of voice. " Well you see, we're here on behave
  of your Mistress, she told us that he was interested in 10 more girls for his
  business. We've already bought eight girls and their wanting for us in our
  jet with the rest of our crew and these are the two last girls that we need" one
  of the girls said, "well you'll have to pay Alyssa" Mistress Arial said, "we've
  already paid her for the six girls, now we just need these two and we can be
  on our way" the same women said. "Well I guess their yours then" Mistress Arial
  said as she started untying Victoria. When we were both untied Mistress Arial
  handed us over to the two women who immediately pushed us on the ground and
  started getting us ready to be ponies again. When the two women we're done
  they sat on the saddles and rode us back out side where the three men where
  waiting in their carriage. The three men attacked to the carriage them got
  by into the carriage with the two women.  
 We finally pulled them out of the field and there was a small type of jet,
  it must have been theirs because their started to steer us toward it. We arrived
  at the jet exhausted, all five of them got out of the carriage and started
  to unattach us from the carriage, so that we could be put into the jet. Once
  we got into the jet I say the other eight girls that he had brought I knew
  all their named but I was surprised to see a couple of my friends their and
  I saw eleven people who were in charge of us. I started to head towards my
  three friends but one of the two women who got us from Arial grabbed my hair " and
  where do you think your going you little bitch", "I was going to talk to my
  friends and don't call me that" I replied to the older women, "I tell you what
  I want and from now on you will only move it instructed to or else. Now your
  going to eat my pussie until we get to masters house" the women replied as
  she forced me towards her pussie, just before I started I looked around and
  saw all of the slaves were either blowing someone or eating their pussie.  
 It was almost three hours until we finally landed at our destination, the
  women finally signalled me to stop. The door of the jet was opened and we were
  all led out by our new owners, I got onto the ground and took a look at my
  surroundings, it looked to be an pretty big island with no trees and buildings
  everywhere and one huge building that must belong to my new mistress, but I
  was also surprised how beautiful the island looked.  
We were all led into the big house that looked so out of place beside the
  normal sized houses. When we entered the mansion type house, we were all told
  not to move while one of our female guards left the room and headed up the
  marble staircase and out of site. She returned and led every one across the
  huge room and outside to the biggest swimming pool that I've ever seen. All
  ten of us were pushed into the pool, and to my surprise I couldn't even see
  the bottom it must be at least 50 feet down since the water is crystal clear.  
After about ten minutes a tall women fully dress come out the back door and
  walk down to the side of the swimming pool, she walked towards the women that
  forced me to eat her pussie on the flight here. "I thought I said no clothes
  Violet" the lady said, "you did but I thought that" "shut up slave and give
  me your clothes" the lady continued. Violet started to take her clothes off
  and I was surprised to see all of the women were taking their clothes off and
  I also noticed that the men were no longer their. When the lady had of the
  clothes she took them and all of the clothes to a man that she called in, all
  but the panties of course, which she put on the ground. " Come her Violet" the
  lady said, "now remind me what you're" the lady continued, "I'm your worker,
  mistress" Violet said, "NO, that's what you used to be. You're now nothing
  but a slave like them" as she pointed to every one in the pool, "and I'm Mistress
  Julia" the lady said talking more to us then Violet. Mistress Julia then grabbed
  Violets hair and pulled her to her feet, "and guess what Violet, I'm hosting
  a fest for my friends and I, were sort on meat so you're the lucky one, I've
  always wanted to taste your big breast, now I'll be able too" Mistress Julia
  said through laugher as Violet looked horrified, but Mistress Julia had mad
  up her mind. " Jessica, Betty, Stephanie, Stacy take this meat to the kitchens" Mistress
  Julia said, "come on now, or do you want to be meat to" Mistress Julia started
  to laugh again, but Jessica, Betty, Stephanie and Stacy had each grabbed a
  leg or arm of Violet and were carrying her towards one of the smaller houses,
  before they became meat as well.  
The four women pulled Violet into the house, which turned out to be one huge
  kitchen. What looked to be one of the head chefs walked up to them and grabbed
  Violet and to the surprise of all of them she looked overjoyed " I have just
  got of the phone with Mrs Julia, and guess what. Since you four took so long
  to bring Violet here, all five of you're ether going to be meat or you'll help
  me prepare the others." When the lady had finished 10 male cooks came up to
  the five girls, "take their four" the lady said as she pointed to Stephanie,
  Jessica, Violet and Stacy.  
Betty was standing in front of the older lady very nerviest as to what was
  going to happen to her. " Hello pretty one, my name is cook Gabriel, but you
  will call me Mistress Gabriel, Understand" the lady said as she pulled Betty
  into the room were the four other girls had gone earlier. " What's you favourite
  letter slut, S, J, V or Sy". "Sy" Betty replied, " ok then you have just decided
  to help prepare Stacy for the feast tonight" Mistress Gabriel said.  
*****   
Mistress Julia grabbed Courtney, Robyn, Hailey and one other girl who's name
  I didn't know, she told them that they would replace the four that are being
  served as supper the next day.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe Blow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





