BDSM Library - The Tip




The Tip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A harmless comment to her 6 year old son and Amber will never be the same. She ordered the Pizza and planned for a quiet night at home but things don't always go as we plan. Tip By Not My Story  
Amber ordered the pizza as soon as she got home from work. Tim her six year
  old son went into his room and grabbed a few toys. He asked her if he could
  to go to his friend's house to play. &quot;Wait just a few minutes honey Mommy
  is going to take a shower first. I am going to put some money on the counter
  if the pizza guy gets her give it to him and get the change back. Okay tell
  him I'll give him the tip.&quot; She said remembering the last time Tim paid
  for the pizza not getting any change back and giving the driver an $11.00 tip.
  Amber rushed down the hall to get in the shower and cleaned up before the pizza
  got there. Just as she entered her bedroom the phone rang it was her friend
  Lisa from work the women talked for about 25 minutes before Amber hung up and
  began to take her shower not realizing how long she had talked.  
At the local Pizza shop.  
&quot;Dammit I'm off in five minutes I don't want to make another delivery
  I am going to meet my homey's and go to the club tonight.&quot; Tyrone said
  bitching at his manager. &quot;Look where getting slammed take on more drive
  then you can go okay.&quot; Said Tony his boss. Looking over the orders Tyrone
  saw an address he recognized it was that little white lady. She lived about
  two blocks from where he was going and the last time he delivered to her he
  had gotten a big tip. Knowing she had always paid in cash Tyrone had Tony cash
  him out using his tips to pay for this last order so he wouldn't have to return
  to the store.  
Tyrone drove his beat up Honda, with the music blaring down the dead end
  street. Parking in front of the empty field across from the customers house
  Tyrone looked at the knee high grass in the vacant lots on either side of the
  house as he pulled the pie from the bag. Walking up the front walk Tyrone licked
  his lips as he remembered the last time he delivered here. The little white
  chick who lived here had been surprised by how fast he had gotten here and
  just having gotten out of the shower she was still in a towel when he got here.
  She had tried to hide behind the door but he still got to look her sweet little
  body. She had some perky little tits, Thin, flat little belly, round firm little
  ass. For a white girl she was fine. He had noticed she had some thick thighs
  and slender calves. She was a tiny little thing about 5 feet tall and maybe
  a hundred pounds. As he rang the doorbell he crossed his fingers hoping to
  get a glimpse of the little hottie and a good tip.  
Amber was just beginning to shave her legs as the doorbell rang, with the
  shower water hitting the wall she couldn't hear it at all. Her son Josh ran
  to the door and opened it for the Pizza guy. &quot;Hello&quot; said the boy. &quot;Hey.
  That'll be $9.61 little dude.&quot; Tyrone said looking down at the youngster.
  The little boy turned and ran out of sight returning in just seconds. &quot;I
  need change my mommy will give you the tip.&quot; he said handing Tyrone a
  twenty dollar bill. &quot;Fine.&quot; Tyrone replied as he counted out the
  change. After giving the boy the change he tried to hand him the pie but he
  boys tiny hands where full trying to hold the change. Looking first at the
  pizza box then Tyrone Josh said &quot;It goes on the table.&quot; He said standing
  in the doorway. &quot;Whatever little dude.&quot; Tyrone said a little disappointed
  and angry he hadn't gotten tipped yet and it was looking promising.  
As Tyrone followed the six year old through the house to the dining room
  he took note of how nice everything in the house was. Not bad for a house in
  this neighborhood he thought. As the boy dropped the change on the kitchen
  counter Tyrone set the pie on the table.  
Josh ran down the hall stopping at a doorway he yelled &quot;Mom pizza's
  here I got the change I'm going to Matt's house to play Okay?&quot; he said
  before sprinting back down the hall not waiting to hear if his mother approved.  
Amber stopped and listened, she thought she had heard something but it must
  have been her imagination. She went back to shaving her legs.  
As the boy sprinted past him Tyrone said. &quot;Hey little man where's your
  mom? You said she would give me my tip.&quot; Stopping only seconds Josh said &quot;She's
  in the shower in her room, she'll give you the tip.&quot; He said before running
  through the living room door and out the front door.  
What the hell Tyrone thought. I don't have time for this I supposed to be
  out parting right now. He was hoping to get lucky tonight his friends and he
  where supposed to go to a new traveling Rave party. They had heard it was wild
  ecstasy, GHB, LSD, and other psychedelic drugs it was a regular drug orgy.  
After waiting for the women for several minutes Tyrone began to wonder down
  the hallway just a little farther.  
Amber had finished shaving her legs and arm pits and now taking her other
  razor began trimming her bush she keep it trimmed in a small triangle.  
As Tyrone stopped in front of the same door the boy had he heard the front
  door open afraid someone would think he was up to something he rushed back
  into the kitchen just in time to see the boy run by him. He followed the boy
  as he ran down the hallway and into the room he had yelled at before. Tyrone
  listened and could hear the running water of the shower and then the boy asking
  his mothers permission for something.  
&quot;Please mommy Matt's Mommy and Daddy said I could go and then spend
  the night before dad takes us to the carnival tomorrow. Please? Please?&quot; the
  child begged. &quot;Fine but take the bag of clean clothes from the bed and
  be good. Don't beg for anything you understand me Josh?&quot; She said  
As the boy and his mother spoke Tyrone had walked back to the doorway and
  looked in. He saw looking in a mirror the fine little white bitch holding the
  shower curtain over her chest as she gave the boy a hug. &quot;Mommy loves
  you Josh, I'll see you tomorrow night you behave.&quot; She said releasing
  the boy. &quot;I love you too mommy.&quot; He said before turning and running
  out of the room leaving both doors open.  
Tyrone was watching the mirror and dropped his jaw as Amber let the curtain
  fall when Josh left. Josh backpack in hand ran out of the room and then the
  house. Tyrone walked into the bedroom wanting to see more of the beautiful
  women in the mirror.  
He stood fascinated as he watched her finish trimming her bush. His cock
  grew hard as he watched her lather up her hair and rinse it off. Next she lathered
  up her body with a liquid soap and Tyrone just about came in his pants. The
  excitement from spying on her adding to his pleasure.  
In just moments it seemed she stepped out of the shower not seeing Tyrone's
  reflection in the mirror she acted normally and shut the door. Tyrone wondered
  further into the room and decided to look through her things. As he pulled
  opened the drawer on her dresser he found a lackluster collection of lingerie.
  Then he heard her on the phone.  
&quot;Look Scott I don't give a shit. You know how to make a girl feel good
  about a divorce you dick. I was just calling to tell you that you can pick
  up Josh at the Anderson's their taking him to a movie then he's spending the
  night.&quot; Then a pause &quot;It's none of your business, were not married
  anymore and I can do what I want. Maybe I'll go out partying all weekend since
  I don't have to work.&quot; Another pause &quot;Go to hell! Just have Josh
  back here at 6 on Sunday ASSHOLE!&quot; she shouted into phone. Tyrone heard
  the receiver slam down on the handset now that was one pissed off bitch.  
He heard her starting to cry, He continued to look through her things. Her
  purse on the dresser cell phone car keys. He looked at the contents of the
  purse finding nothing of interest he put it down. Moving to her nightstand
  he found a tazer gun and a romance novel. As he picked up the tazer gun and
  looked at it his cell phone rang.  
Shocked and scared knowing she would find him he froze tazer gun in hand.
  Amber opened the door thinking it was her cell phone she walked in wearing
  only a towel. Looking up she saw him and screamed. &quot;What the hell! I'm
  calling the police!&quot; she said turning to run back in the bathroom. Without
  thinking Tyrone pressed the trigger on the weapon.  
Two medal wires shot from the device striking Amber in the back. She let
  out a bloodcurdling scream as the blue sparks danced across the wires and her
  body. She crumpled to the floor motionless in seconds. Tyrone stood for another
  several minutes in shock himself from what had just happened.  
Finally snapping himself out of it he knew he had to get the hell out of
  there before she woke up and called the police. Dropping the tazer he started
  to leave looking down at the women. Amber had fallen on her back and her towel
  had fallen open. He gazed down at the beautiful women her face peaceful, he
  gazed down at her small and perky breast her nipples as erect and hard as rubber
  bullets. As he gazed at her his dick sprang back to life reminding him how
  horny he was. As his eyes traveled up her body to her pretty face and then
  back down to her freshly trimmed snatch an idea came to him.  
Then it happened again and he just about jumped out of his skin when his
  cell phone began ringing. Catching his breath he tried to calm himself as he
  pulled the phone from his hip and flipped it open to answer it. Before he could
  say a word his friend began griping at him &quot;Where the hell are you? I
  thought we were all going to that new...&quot; his friend began. &quot;Shut
  up hey is Nick there with you?&quot; Tyrone asked. &quot;Yea Niger he's here
  and now were both waiting for your black ass.&quot; His friend Jerome replied. &quot;Okay
  you guys got to meet me at 1135 Foster its like two blocks away. It's a white
  house with blue trim just come in okay.&quot; He said &quot;What! We ain't
  got time for this crap did your damn Honda break down again.&quot; Jerome said
  angrily. &quot;No. No nothing like that just get over here you know the place
  right.&quot; Tyrone said. &quot;Yea we know where your talking about we'll
  be there in a five this better be good ass wipe.&quot; Jerome said hanging
  up the phone.  
Tyrone stood over the unconscious women waiting for his friends, as promised
  in five minutes he heard the door open. &quot;Back here guys!&quot; He yelled
  to them. Entering the room was Eddie, Jerome, Nick, and Danny. Looking at the
  group as they entered he said &quot;Shit, Why didn't you tell me everyone was
  with you?&quot; Tyrone said. &quot;You didn't give me a chance. Now why the
  hell are we here?&quot; Jerome said. Tyrone answered by waving them over to
  the other side of the room.  
As each man walked over to him they looked down as they got on his side of
  the bed. They stood there speechless looking at the unconscious beauty before
  them. Nick spoke first. &quot;What the hell happened man? Why did you call
  us man your in some serious shit dude.&quot; He said motioning to the women
  on the floor.  
&quot;Is she dead?&quot; asked Eddie &quot;No, I just stunned her with that
  Tazer.&quot; He said motioning to it on the floor.  
Tyrone explained to them what had happened and what he had in mind. &quot;So
  you think you can get away with it? Your nuts.&quot; Jerome said as he turned
  and walked out of the house. Looking at the others Tyrone said &quot;Well are
  you in are not guys.&quot; After a brief discussion they decided to try his
  plan.  
&quot;So your sure she's alone until Sunday right.&quot; Eddie asked. &quot;I
  heard her on the phone with her X.&quot; Tyrone replied. &quot;Okay so let's
  do it then.&quot; Nick said.  
Tyrone lifted the unconscious young women onto the bed with the help of Eddie
  and Nick. While they laid her on the bed Danny began to look around her room
  and then went out to look around the house.  
As Amber was placed on the bed she began to come too slowly. Tyrone directed
  Eddie and Nick to hold her down as she began to regain consciousness. Tyrone
  pulled his shirt off his young black chest as the women's eyes began to open.  
&quot;What the hell are you doing?&quot; Amber grumbled in a dazed state. &quot;Hold
  her tight.&quot; Tyrone said seeing her begin to struggle in the men's arms.  
Tyrone began groping her breast and running his hands across her belly. &quot;Stop!&quot; She
  cried turning from side to side in the grip of the two men holding her wrists
  down. &quot;What are you doing? Stop it! Stop it you can't do this. Why?&quot; Amber
  pleaded with the youth feeling his hands move over her vulnerable and bare
  body.  
&quot;Damn Lady I'm just here to get that tip your kid said you had for me.
  You know we black folk like to share in the wealth so I called some friends
  to split my tip with me.&quot; Tyrone told her as he began to undo his pants.  
&quot;No! No you can't. This is not what I meant. You have to stop please.&quot; She
  cried as she watched him push his pants down his dark legs exposing his erect
  cock. Tyrone began to laugh before he replied. &quot;Stop, hell we're just
  about to get started like you said you're going to party all weekend.&quot;  
Tyrone moved his feet between her struggling legs and began to force them
  apart. She tried to kick but as he dropped his weight on her she felt the air
  pushed from her body and gasped as she felt the tip of his black member make
  contact with her precious womanhood.  
As her cunt lips parted to allow the black cock in she screamed in protest.
  Nick, excited by watching Tyrone begin to saw into her, placed his hand across
  her mouth and clamped down hard. She grunted and tried to scream Tyrone speared
  deep into her sex. His thrust came quick and hard and he marveled in delight
  as he pounded into her.  
Amber struggled to break free of the men holding her. She tossed her head
  from side to side trying to escape the hold of the one covering her mouth.
  As her eyes darted around the room she saw a fourth black man holding her video
  camera over her and recording her rape.  
Tyrone kneaded her breast as he pounded into her. His thrust, that of reckless
  lust he had wanted her since he delivered his first pie to this house, now
  she would be his. He felt his excitement build and he knew he would relieve
  his lust in her soon and as that point neared his tempo increased.  
Amber felt the first jet of his black seed as it was fired into her womb
  from his vile weapon. She felt ill and found herself about to vomit as he followed
  his first volley with a second then third and so on. Just as she felt him pull
  out of her she felt her left wrist released.  
As she started to strike out with her now free arm she was grabbed again
  by Tyrone's strong hand. She watched in petrified terror as the thug who had
  held her arm began to undress ready to take Tyrone's place.  
Eddie dropped his pants revealing the long thin snake concealed between his
  legs its 11 inches made it impressive, what it lacked in width it more than
  made up for in length. He climbed between her still spread legs as she watched
  in shock.  
Amber lay staring up at the lengthy snake before her never having seen one
  so long before. She gasped a deep breath of air into her lungs as she felt
  its length enter her. He had buried its 11 inches in her in just two strokes
  of the thin organ. Her breath now labored she closed her eyes and tried to
  imagine herself somewhere else. Her efforts futile she was painfully aware
  of where she was and what was happening to her as the young thug continued
  his assault.  
Eddie had been ramming his tool into her foe the better part of fifteen minutes
  before he finally unleashed his seed into Amber. Again disgusted by the feeling
  of his ejaculation in her she felt sick under his assault and just as she steadied
  herself the punk with the camera stepped up to take Eddie's place.  
To Amber's horror this assailant took special interest in her pert breast.
  As he raped her now sore and tender pussy with his cock he relentlessly pinched,
  twisted and crushed her breast in his hand. Amber whimpered under his brutal
  treatment and under the hand still covering her mouth. This time when the thugs
  deposit was left in her and she was almost oblivious to the new arrival.  
As this man now finished with here pulled up and away from the bed Amber
  felt her arm and mouth released. Opening her eyes she watched as the man who
  had been holding her climbed on the bed between her legs. As he positioned
  himself her other arm was released.  
Now free Amber made no effort to escape as the new assailant scooted into
  place between her legs. She knew if she struggled she would just be held down
  again and probably hurt in the process. She looked up as the black monster
  held his cock at the entrance of her pussy.  
His entrance was nothing special as he easily slid into her well used cunt.
  She whimpered quietly as he thrust into her to his own delight. He was rough
  and quick in his strokes but after the other three it no longer hurt as much
  as it once would. He lasted longer than the others had, her cunt now stretched
  and wet did not offer him the tight resistance the other men had enjoyed. When
  his orgasm neared he pulled his cock from her and climbed up the bed to her
  head. Stroking his dick several times before it began shooting gobs of cum
  on her tear streaked face.  
As soon as the last thug moved off the bed Tyrone spoke. &quot;Okay Baby
  go get cleaned up we still got a party to go to.&quot; He ordered her as he
  walked into the bathroom and came out holding the phone.  
As Amber lay on the bed still in a daze his words fell on deaf ears only
  the slap across her breast helping to register his instructions. She found
  herself pushed out of the bed and into the bathroom. &quot;Take another shower
  honey. We want you looking good for our night out. I'll find you something
  to wear.&quot; Tyrone instructed.  
Amber standing on wiry legs started to close the door but as she began the
  one holding the camera stopped it and nodded no to her. Reluctantly she started
  the shower water and got it to the temperature she preferred. Looking back
  at the thug as she climbed in the tub she took a handful of the shower curtain.
  Holding the camera up red light solid he nodded his disapproval again. Trying
  to ignore him and the camera she began to wash away the events of the night.  
As she scrubbed her body clean she found herself sobbing hysterically thinking
  of what had been done to her. She would see the thug filming her every now
  and again adding to her shame. As she finished she stepped out and grabbing
  a nearby towel began to dry off. As she finished drying her hair Tyrone entered
  carrying a black push-up bra and a black silk slip.  
&quot;Put this on so we can go out and party.&quot; He ordered tossing the
  items on the counter. Looking them over she realized this is all he intended
  for her to wear. &quot;This is a slip I can't wear it out by itself and I need
  some panties please.&quot; She begged him. &quot;You ain't got nothing else
  sexy enough to wear out so shut up and put that shit on.&quot; He scolded her
  as Eddie brought in a pair of red 3 inch heels &quot;Sorry man this is all
  she's got.&quot; He told Tyrone. &quot;I need some underwear please?&quot; she
  begged again. &quot;No, all your panties look like grandma pants. Now put on
  what I gave you are you can go naked.&quot;  
Amber began to slip on what little clothes he had given her. She took note
  of the fact that the delivery man had changed into some of Scotts old clothes
  he had left behind. Now dressed with what she was allowed to wear she was forced
  to do her hair and put on some make-up. She was scolded by the thugs for not
  having enough make-up and not having the right shades the men wanted. Generally
  she wore no make-up to work and wore only a touch on special occasions. She
  was scolded about her sorry collection of clothes and lingerie.  
Finally as ready as the men could get her she was led out and made to sit
  in the back of a old blue Honda with the thug holding the camera. On the seemingly
  long ride the man holding the camera asked her a series of questions he almost
  seemed interested in her. He had been the first person to ask her name or age
  that evening. She answered his questions mechanically not thinking of the responses.
  Her mind focused on what had already been done to her and what else was to
  come.  
She had answered even the most intimate of questions: Number of previous
  men she had sex with. 3. her age 28. age she lost her virginity 20 married
  at 22. Divorced for 9 months. Son age Six. She told him her job, weight even
  that she was on the pill. Anything he asked she answered in a trance like state.  
She came out of her trance as the car pulled to a stop in a dark alley. She
  was unsure where they wore she hadn't paid attention to the trip. As she was
  yanked from the back seat Tyrone told her how it was to be.  
&quot;You say a word we shank you in the back okay?&quot; he said gesturing
  to her with the small blade in his hand. &quot;You don't talk you just smile
  and follow orders. You do anything anybody tells you. You got that?&quot; he
  asked bringing the blade to her throat. Scared she shook her head yes.  
She was escorted down the alley and into a dark alcove. She heard the distinctive
  thuds of load bass from music even as they walked. She was led through an outer
  door and into a dark hallway. As the group neared the door on the other side
  they found the music louder the closer they got. Finally entering the door
  they walked into the crowded room.  
Nick stopped and spoke with the man guarding the door for several minutes
  while the others went of to the side to talk. After a few minutes Amber was
  led out to the dance floor and forced to dance with Eddie. After ten minutes
  Eddie was replaced by Danny who was later replaced by Tyrone.  
After being forced to dance with each of the men for over an hour now Amber
  was taken to side where she was given a drink. She greedily drank it down not
  even thinking to find out what was in it. The glass taken from her hand was
  replaced by three blue pills she looked down at them unsure of what to do.  
&quot;Take'em.&quot; Tyrone said forcefully. Slowly she brought the pills
  to her mouth and swallowed them. No sooner had she ingested them than she was
  led back to the dance floor.  
As Amber was forced to dance with the thugs she felt hands begin to explore
  her body. Although she had felt the occasional touch earlier in the evening
  they where becoming much more blatant and daring as the night went on. She
  looked around the room and although she was dressed only in a bra and slip
  she was surprised to see other younger women wearing even more provocative
  clothing.  
As Amber examined the room full of gyrating and dancing youth she decided
  she was probably the oldest person in the place. She was small and looked very
  young however at twenty eight she guessed no one else in the place was over
  twenty four or twenty five. As she moved her hips about to the sounds of the
  music she tried to collect her thoughts. Her mind felt hazed and her thoughts
  where jumbled. She was weak and on edge of collapsing as she danced, her legs
  felt like rubber underneath her.  
After half an hour of dancing she was led back to the side of the room she
  tried to muster her thoughts to speak. Unable to put even a simple sentence
  together she couldn't even protest as she felt someone's finger slip into her
  cunt. Although it was a quick invasion it was a terrible embarrassment to the
  poor women.  
As Amber was lead back to the group of men who had forced her here, she opened
  her eyes wider in pure fear as she saw one of the men heating a substance in
  a spoon held over a butane lighter. She watched as the heroin was sucked into
  the needle with great interest. Only as she watched the needle brought to her
  arm did her mind begin to put the events together. As the drug was injected
  into her arm she finally began to speak in protest. The first words leaving
  her mouth at the same time the needle was pulled free from her arm.  
&quot;No, please I can't, I mean I don't. Please oh please let me.&quot; She
  said in a haze. Leaning in close to her trying to hear what she had said over
  the music Tyrone replied &quot;What'd you say Lady? You got to pee. Okay come
  on.&quot; The music cranked so loud Amber had been unable to hear his reply
  she was taken by the arm to the back of the building and pushed into a port-o-potty.  
Amber finding herself in the filthy toilet tried her best to use the restroom
  by standing over the toilet not wanting to touch anything. In her drugged state
  she found it very difficult not to fall over during the endeavor. Finally relieved
  she wiped herself and exited the stall. As she stepped down out of the toilet
  she felt two strong hands grip her arms as she was led to a raised decking
  above the main dance floor. Once they had made it onto the raised deck she
  had her arms pulled behind her back and secured with what she guessed was a
  long shoe string. She then found herself pushed over a piece of wooden railing
  that separated the dance floor she was now on.  
Amber still feeling very disoriented, scared and confused also found her
  self feeling very excited. It was strange for her as she was terrified by what
  had been and was still being done to her. But now her heart was pounding her
  muscles exploding with energy. Even with this boost of energy and the adrenaline
  running through her body her mind was still clouded and unable to focus. The
  only thought making its way through her mind was that of imminent danger.  
Amber looked up just as one of her abductors placed a black stocking cap
  over her eyes. The top of the cap had been cut off allowing him to double it
  over across her eyes. Now deprived of her ability to see Amber's skin began
  to dance every touch enhanced a thousand times. Even the air flowing over her
  skin gave her the sense of chills.  
As Amber tried to pull together her mind and thoughts she felt someone grab
  her around the neck. She felt the person move around behind her and then she
  felt it. She felt the head of his cock start poking at her bare ass. The cock
  behind her poked at her ass for a few minutes as the hands it belonged to continued
  to move around her neck almost massaging her neck and shoulders. Then it happened
  as the hands rested on her tiny shoulders the dick that had been poking around
  behind her had found its mark and drove into her. The unknown rapist pushed
  into her already sore cunt causing Amber to scream in pain and terror.  
After his third deep stroke into her cunt he moved his hands from her shoulders
  and down to her breast. In the process of moving his hands to her chest he
  pulled the straps of her slip with them exposing her bra covered breast to
  all. Amber continued to scream under his assault but her cries could not be
  heard over the pounding beat of the music. Still thrusting into her the stranger
  groped at the now exposed but still bra covered breast. After kneading her
  tits in his hands for several minutes he clutched the cups of the bra in each
  hand. In one especially deep and rough stroke he pulled the cups of the bra
  apart ripping it in two.  
Amber now found herself putting most of her weight on the rail as her assailant
  drove his cock continuously into her. His assault went on for what seemed an
  eternity to her. Finally his strokes shortened into a slow deliberate movement
  as he prepared to release his seed into her womb. Amber had been screaming
  so much under the assault she found her throat sore and she was unable to scream
  anymore.  
Although she was still unable to think clearly she felt great shame and humiliation
  knowing she was naked and being raped in front of a room full of strangers.
  Just as her cunt finally lubed itself enough to make the assault less painful
  she felt her rapist explode inside her.  
She wept as she felt him pull out of her and began to pull herself up off
  the railing. Just as she pulled back to drop to her knees in shame and grief
  another set of hands pushed her back onto the rail forcefully. Amber having
  foolishly thought her ordeal was over was shocked as she felt another cock
  invade her now cum dripping pussy.  
Amber whimpered in defeat as her new assailant pushed into her repeatedly.
  As he raped her he took time to bunch her slip up aroind her thin waist and
  pulling the remnants of her bra back with it. Amber knew she must be quite
  a sight to those in the room as she was all but naked being raped over a wooden
  rail. Only now did she begin to think of how many people where here in the
  building tonight and how many might rape her. She then got a feeling of hope
  as she thought maybe someone would see her plight and have pity on her. Maybe
  someone would save her or at least call the police for her.  
Her stomach tightened into a painful knot as she felt her second assailant
  begin to spasm into her. Amber felt sick and ashamed as he pulled free of her
  and slapped her ass. She was given less than twenty seconds to grieve before
  he was replaced by someone else.  
Now being assaulted for the third time in this public place she wondered
  how many more would follow. Her fears and worries mounted as she began to worry
  about the risk of disease she was being put in. Her pussy began to hurt under
  this new assault even worse than the previous two attackers. She didn't think
  these men had especially large cocks but she had never been screwed seven times
  in such a short period of time. As she bit her lip in pain and sorrow her attacker
  pulled her breast back to him pulling her up as he orgasmed inside her adding
  his seed to the others.  
As Amber was held up by her rapist from behind someone forced something into
  her mouth and then forced her whimpering lips closed. She registered the fact
  that more pills had been put in her mouth and although she didn't want to swallow
  them she felt she had no choice. She tried to hold the pills on her tongue
  but they began to dissolve in her mouth as her jaw was held tightly closed
  by someone. Rather than taste the disgusting things on her tongue she swallowed
  them into her already drugged system reluctantly. Several minutes later her
  jaw was released as the rapist pulled free from her punished sex and pushed
  her back down onto the rail.  
Amber's mind fell into a deeper stupor as she was mounted from behind again
  this time after having her ass spanked for several minutes. This time she was
  ravaged by her assailant he was brutal as he thrust angrily into her. Although
  she was still aware of the assault her mind began to wonder from the events
  now happening to her. Although she was still screaming &quot;no&quot; somewhere
  in the back of her mind she was unable to focus on anything even the rapist
  invading her.  
Tyrone watched as Jerome rammed his raging cock into his &quot;tip's&quot; pussy.
  He and the others had meet up with Jerome here at the party. At first Jerome
  had been reluctant to get to close to his friends not wanting to be seen with
  the woman they brought. Jerome had changed his mind when Eddie started raping
  her on the railing. In addition to Jerome asking him to get a piece of Tyrone's &quot;tip&quot;,
  in fact Tyrone had been approached by over a dozen other men wanting to enjoy
  his little pet. Several of the men offered to pay him for a piece of the action.
  Seeing an opportunity present itself he began accepting a hundred dollars from
  anyone who wanted in on the entertainment. He accepted three hundred form a
  young white punk who wanted to put it in her ass. Tyrone took his money but
  told the kid he'd have to loosen her up first not wanting to let anyone else
  get a piece of her stuck up white ass before he did.  
Tyrone was hard waiting for Jerome to finish, the drugs he had taken adding
  to his sexual high. When Jerome finally pulled out Tyrone watched as the fluid
  of Amber's previous partners oozed out of her cunt. He pulled his organ free
  and pointed the steel hard member at her pussy he drove in with a singe struck.
  He noticed she barely moved as he pushed into her. After a dozen or so long
  slow storkes into her well lubricated cunt he pulled out. Again he noted she
  had no reaction to his action. He reached down at the cheeks of her ass and
  pried them apart again she lay dormant. As he guided his weapon at the puckered
  bud of her asshole he finally registered a reaction from the drugged girl.
  She tensed up and wiggled forward.  
Pinning her against the railing he rammed his member into her and pierced
  the tightly clenched sphincter of the defenseless women. She whimpered under
  his invasion but other than a slight wiggle showed no real resistance to his
  attack. He continued to drive into her enjoying the warm tight feeling of her
  bowels on his cock. He had been in her for over five minutes when he pulled
  the Blindfold from her eyes and untied her hands.  
Even with her sight restored and her hands freed Amber was still to drugged
  to do anything other than lay and accept her fate. Thoughts raced through her
  mind; however she was unable to put any of them into a single rational thought.
  She lay almost comatose under her assailant forced to face whatever he decided
  for her. Her eyes raced around the room her heart beating her hands resting
  on the wooden rail.  
Tyrone instructed her first two customers to step up and get a hand job while
  he finished up. Each man pulled the dicks out and placed Amber's hands over
  them. Although she did nothing to them she did not move her hands away. Tyrone
  instructed the men to give her some help and motioned for them to move her
  hands over their cocks in a stroking motion.  
After several more minutes Tyrone pulled out of her now stretched ass and
  directed his first client of the evening to take his place. As the man plowed
  into Amber's cunt with all his might determined to get his hundred dollars
  worth from her Tyrone moved around to her face, using his fingers he forced
  her lips open and slid his cock into her mouth. He then motioned for the next
  of his clients to step up for a hand job to warm up with,  
Amber was cognoscente enough to realize she had a dick in her mouth and throat
  and one in each hand. But even with this knowledge she didn't know what to
  do about it she simply lay there in a daze. She gagged on the file liquid as
  Tyrone shot thick gob's of it down her throat.  
After Tyrone had finished with her mouth he began selling blow jobs from
  Amber for $25 dollars a piece. As the next several hours passed he watched
  as the poor young woman was raped by a countless line of men. Luckily for Tyrone
  she had got more animated as the night went on she stroked the cocks placed
  in her hands just out of habit after the fifth man had worked it out for her.
  And she began to buck at the men raping her ass and cunt as she regained more
  of her senses. Tyrone sat back and watched her putting on her little show thinking
  she looked like a condor with her arms flapping to her sides and bucking at
  the cocks in her body.  
After a four hour ordeal Amber had been raped in the ass six times and in
  the cunt and mouth more times than anyone had bothered to count. Only when
  she had passed out form exhaustion did Tyrone decide they should leave. He
  and his friends Drug her out to his car and returned to Amber's house to call
  it a night.  
Amber awoke at 5:15 P.M. Saturday evening, she had a terrible headache and
  every inch of her body ached she felt worse than she had her entire life. She
  awoke from a terrible nightmare only to look around the room and see her nightmare
  had been a reality. She lay there, her throat hurting as much as any other
  part of her body as she tried to speak. She found herself only able to squeak
  a few syllables as she asked for help and even then her plead was as quiet
  as a whisper.  
As she tried to get up she found that her arms where tied behind her back
  and that her legs where tied together at the ankles. She looked around her
  living room to see that there where five black men lying around in her living
  room all still asleep. She began rocking back and forth trying to move away
  from the youth. As she slowly managed to inch herself away she saw the blood
  and cum stained spot the fluids that had drained from her body had made on
  her carpet. In her clumsy effort to move away she kicked her legs hitting the
  glass coffee table knocking over the vase on it.  
The commotion woke up two of the black men who looked down greedily at her.
  One of the two got up and walked over to a third she recognized as the delivery
  driver from last night.  
&quot;Hey Tyrone look who's awake.&quot; He said to the wakening hoodlum.  
&quot;Good it's about time. Let's get her cleaned up.&quot; He said to the
  other as he got up and walked over to Amber.  
The two men grabbed Amber by the arms and drug her into the bathroom. As
  she was drug by her arms into the bathroom she noticed someone had placed her
  wedding gown on the hook inside the bathroom. She found her hands and feet
  freed and she was instructed to clean up.  
Amber spent over an hour showering herself she found that she had bleed from
  both her cunt and asshole the night before her arms felt like rubber. She washed
  away dried on cum that covered most of her body. As she scrubbed away at her
  body the humiliation of her ordeal continued to eat away at her.  
When she finally turned the shower off having used all the hot water she
  stepped out and looked up only to see Tyrone holding another syringe in front
  of her face.  
She had no time to protest as her arm was grabbed and held steady as Tyrone
  injected the drug into her system. Releasing her arm Amber was instructed to
  put on her wedding dress that one of the thugs had found in the back of her
  closet long forgotten by her.  
Her mind began to swim again as she wiggled into the full length gown. To
  her credit she still fit into her dress even after giving birth to her son.
  Now in the gown she was given a bag full of makeup someone must have brought
  and told to get dolled up.  
By the time she had done her hair and applied the makeup she lost all control
  of her thoughts again drugged out of her mind. She remembered being led into
  the living room before she blacked out.  
Amber awoke Sunday Afternoon at five till 5:00 P.M. and looked around. Again
  she found herself sore and in pain. Her head pounding her heart racing she
  looked around to get her bearings. She was at home in her bedroom, alone. Her
  body was caked in cum and who knows what other fluids her bed stained with
  blood. She looked down to see the tattered remains of her white wedding dress
  lying at the foot of the bed. As she looked at her arms she saw the track marks
  of a needle. She again began to cry in shame as she pulled herself slowly up
  from the bed.  
As she walked to the bathroom determined to clean up before her son got home
  she saw the Video tape and the Note on her dresser. She picked up the note
  and read it slowly to herself as she wept.  
&quot;Never stiff a brother on the tip or else you might be the one getting
  stiffed. See you later.&quot;  
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+ The
  End  
 (c) Copyright to Not My Story +---------------------------------------------------------------------+  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Not My Story


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





